1068
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 20,
that he had better either have waited, as he him-
.self-says he ought to wait, until the delivery of his
inaugural address, or, better still, havegiven to the
country long ago his views in some authoritative
form, which might, at an earlier period of this ses-
sion, have had a powerful influence in controlling
and composing our difficulties, But, sir, there is, at
least, one thing in these declarations of his, which
X admiie. They are manly, they are frank. He
does not attempt to hide the claws of the tiger
under the velvet of his fur. He does not attempt
to evade or conceal, under sophistical and evasive
phrases, the purpose which he has when he is
installed at the head of this Government.
Mr. CURTIS. If the gentleman from Virginia
will allow me. I would not have him suppose
that I am traversing anything he has said. 1 am
anxious to hear him speak, and desire not to in-
terrupt him. I alluded to this conversation, be-
cause I had heard it spoken of as never having
occurred at all; but I do object to such mere casual
con versations being taken as the standard by which
the policy of the President elect is to be judged.
At the proper time, he will explain fully his own
views about coercion; and the gentleman will find
that he has no such purpose, and that he will
attempt to execute no such thing.
Mr. GARNETT. I have no objection to the
gentleman's interruption; and I am obliged to him
for his first interruption, because it has been the
means ofestablishing this statement of Mr. Hutch-
ison's conversation as authentic. Now, sir, let
us look a little ahead. Mr. Lincoln has declared
his purpose to collect the revenue, and to retake
the forts. That was his statement to Mr. Hutch-
ison ; and, notwithstanding the doubt of the gen-
tleman from Iowa, this statement corresponds
entirely with the speech made at Indianapolis.
Mr. STANTON. I should think it extraor-
dinary if the President of the United States, or any
political party, was to be held responsible for the
loose conversations that he may have had with
some one in the cars, or by the report of a way-
side specch. I do not apprehend that it is the pur-
pose of anybody connected with the incoming
Administration to engage in a civil war, unless it is
forced upon them by others in a way in which it
cannot be avoided. I do not apprehend that any-
body regards the recapture of the forts in the se-
ceding States as a matter of the slightest conse-
quence in the present condition of things. If the
seceding States return to their allegiance to the
Federal Government, they will, as a matter of
course, bring the forts they have taken with them.
If they ultimately maintain their independent ju-
risdiction, we do not want them. If Mr. Lincoln
has made such a remark as that, it was a remark
made in mere casual conversation.
Mr. GARNETT. The gentleman from Ohio
will allow mo to ask him whether he speaks for
his party upon this floor ?
Mr. STANTON. 1 speak for nobody; I speak
only what I have gathered from the views of every-
body in conversation, and I take it for granted
that they would not be guilty of talking nonsense
about such matters.
Mr. GARNETT. I am tn understand, then,the
gentleman speaks for the members of the Repub-
lican party as far as he derives their views from
conversation, and that their sentiment is against
any attempt to recapture the forts in the seceding
States ?
Mr. STANTON. I do not say it never will be
done. If wc enter upon a war, 111 which armies
are marching and countermarching between one
section and the other, such a result would be prob-
able. If all peaceful measures shall fail, and noth-
ing else remains but open war, 1 do say that I do
not know that anybody regards an attempt to re-
capture those forts as an impracticable or improb-
able thing.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I hope
what the gentleman from Ohio has said will not
be regarded as an expression of the united voice
of the Republican party.
Mr. GARNETT. So I thought.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania- For my
part, I hold different views, and agree exactly
with what the President elect is reported to have
said, and what I hope and believe he is authen-
tically reported to have said. 1 know nothing of
the intentions of the President, except what 1 see
reported; but if he is what I understood him to
be when I voted for lnm, I think it is his inten-
tion to retake all the public property of which we
have been robbed—to retake it by such means as
are necessary, using gentle means at first, and if
those fail, then such as become necessary.
Mr. GARNETT. 1 thank the gentleman, for
his frankness. I thought the gentleman from
Ohio was misrepresenting his party upon this
subject. It is not the first time that that gentle-
man has not had awarded to him by his party the
confidence which is due to his services ana his
talents. He belongs to what is callcd the moder-
ate section of the Republican party. But let me
tell him—and I wonder that a man of his experi-
ence, and let me say of his logical mind, has
not before discovered it—that in times of excite-
ment like this, and in crises like the present, the
moderates of every party will be drifted, as chaff
before the wind, by the tempest of popular feel-
ing. The extreme men will rule. That is the
law of parties, and the experience of history.
Yes, sir; that gentleman does not even represent
his party in this House—still less the President
elect.
Mr. Lincoln, in his speech at Indianapolis, the
capital of one of the great States of the North-
west, said the very thing which Mr. Hutchison
avers he said in private conversation; and I am sur-
prised that the gentleman from Ohio should contend
thatl ought not to hold Mr. Lincoln bound by pri-
vate conversation. A private conversation ! Under
what circumstances? A gentleman of the Union
party of the South, a legislator of a sovereign
State, visited him fo* the purpose of seeking some
means by which the present difficulties might be
settled—something to hold Kentucky and other
southern States faithful to the Union; and yet the
gentleman fromOhio says that Mr. Lincoln isnot
to be held responsible for holding a conversation
with such a man and under such circumstances.
Nay, the public speeches of the President elect he
characterizes as loose utterances, to which he is
not to be held bound !
Mr. ANDERSON, of Kentucky. Do I under-
stand the gentleman Jo say that this Mr. Hutch-
ison is amember of the Legislature ofKentucky.
Mr. GARNETT. 1 was so informed by the
gentleman before me, [Mr. Burnett, of Ken-
tucky.]
Mr. ANDERSON, of Kentucky. I wish to say
that he is not a member of the Kentucky Legisla-
ture, but that lie has inserted a communication in
a paper in the town in which he resides, in refer-
ence to this matter; and in justice to Mr. Hutch-
ison, I will send up the statement to the Clerk's
desk to be read.
The article was read, as follows:
"Mi. Tiioirias Hutchison, of this place, desires us to
pay, that a conversation he had icecntly with Mr. Lincoln
has been misstated m the Ijouisville Connor, and desires
us to publish tin: following account of lliat conversation,
prepaid! by himself:
" ' 1 told Mi. Lincoln that Kentucky was a Union State.
Mr- Lincoln then jophed, that lie dill not know how to un-
derstand Kentucky—that he paw some resolutions parsed
by iier Legislature a short tune since, saying it" the Gov-
ernment attempted to coeiee South Carolina, she would be
found by liei sale. I told hlin that I thought I eoiikl tell
him what she meant by those resolutions : that if the Gov-
ernment attempted to retake the torts and collect the rev-
enues, that she wouid be tounil by her side. Mi. Lincoln
then replied, it that was what Kentucky meant by those
resolutions, she may prepaie to stand by her.' '■
Mr. ANDERSON, of Kentucky. I desire to
say that Mr. Hutchison is a man of as high
character as any man in the county in which he
resides. The gentleman mistakes in supposing
that ho is a member of the Legislatuie of Ken-
tucky, though he is a man of high character. [A
voice. " Did he vote for your"] He did vote for
me, and he voted for me because he was a blood
relation of mine, though he is a Democrat. I
understand, also, that he is a secessionist; but
whether that is true, I know not. As a matter of
justice to him I had that article read. Of course,
I do not know what his private conversations
amount to, and I do not say or care; but I desire
that justice should be done him.
Mr. STANTON. Mr. Chairman 
Mr. GAPuNETT. I hope these interruptions
will not come out of my time.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will state that
general debate will be arrested at the expiration
of an hour.
Mr. GAIiNETT. When I rose I did not ex-
pect to speak an hour, and do not now, still the
j! House will see the manifest propriety and justice
|i of not taking these interruptions out of my time.
The CHAIRMAN. The committee are pow-
erless upon that subject; the House directed the
debate to be arrested at the end of ail hour.
Mr. STANTON. I suppose the gentleman
will yield to me a moment. What I desire to say
is, that I suppose the gentleman-from Pennsyl-
vania is no more authorized to speak for the Re-
publican party than I am; and when he says that
the incoming Administration will unquestionably
take the forts, and all that, I suppose the remark
is to be understood with a qualification.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I did not
say what the gentleman has said. I did not say
that the incoming Administration would unques-
tionably take the forts; I said that he himself [Mr.
Stanton] did not speak for all the Republican
party; that if Mr. Lincoln was what I understood
him to be when I voted for him, then, when he
carnc in, he would retake the property of which
wo had been robbed.
Mr. STANTON. I take it for granted that the
incoming administration of Mr. Lincoln will not
recognize secession as a constitutional right; that
it will be treated as revolution. I take it for
granted that the incoming Administration will not
claim that it has any constitutional power to forego
the execution of the laws and the collection of the
revenues, in the mode least calculated to create
difficulty, or to result in bloodshed. But that, of
course, is only a temporary state of things. If
the southern States do not return, and there is no
constitutional mode provided by which a separate
nationality can be recognized, of course this busi-
ness must end in war, and these forts be retaken.
There is no escape from that.
Mr. GARNETT. Mr. Chairman, then, after
all, there is no great difference between the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania and the gentleman from
Ohio. The gentleman from Pennsylvania is in
favor of taking these forts at once, and the gen-
tleman from Ohio is in favor of taking them after
a little while. I repeat, that we have also the
declaration of Mr. Lincoln, in his public spcecli
at Indianapolis, and in his private conversation'
with Mr. Hutchison—not a member of the Le-
gislature ofKentucky, as I said before, but a man
ofhigh character, indorsed by gentlemen upon this
floor; not a Bell-Everett man, as I said before,
but a gentleman who voted for the gentleman from
Kentucky, [Mr. Anoerson,] who represents his
district, and I think that any gentleman who voted
for my friend from Kentucky might pass muster
in any Union party that ever was formed.
Mr. ANDERSON, of Kentucky. I say that
Mr. Hutchison did vote for me, and he voted for
me at a time when I was, as I am now, in favor
of fee Union.
Mr. GARNETT. I hope the gentleman will
not take up my time. I have said nothing derog-
atory to him.
Mr. ANDERSON, ofKentucky. Oh, I know
that. I say that I am still for the Union,and I ask
the gentleman whether he is or not?
Mr. GARNETT.' I am in favor of the State
ofVirginia secedingfrom this northern Union at
the earliest possible moment. [Great applause
on the floor and in the galleries, mingled with
some hisses.]
Mr. BARR. I hope order will be preserved
here. If this occurs again, I shall ask that the
galleries be cleared.
Mr. HINDMAN. It is the first time there has
been a patriotic demonstration here for two or
three weeks.
Mr. BAPtR. I think the gentleman himself
has made a great many patriotic demonstrations.
Mr. HINDMAN. I make one now for your
instruction.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would say that
gentlemen upon the floor ought not to set the ex-
ample of applause.
Mr. BROWN. My colleague says that he is
for the Union. Will he sustain the incoming Ad-
ministration m the event it commences a coercive
policy against the States which have withdrawn >
Mr. ANDERSON, of Kentucky. If my col-
league will respond to a question that I shall pro-
pound to him, I will then answer him. [Laugh-
ter, and cries of" No Yankee!"] I desire to know
if my colleague said, the other day, during the
debate upon the bill of the gentleman from Indi-
ana [Mr. Colfax] in reference, to mail service in
the seccding States, that a State had a right to
secede ? It has been reported that he said so; but
