108
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 17,
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Let the amend-
ment stand as it is.
Mr. ADRAIN. I hope there will be no objection
to the resolution as it is. If we are to preserve
this Union, there must be a spirit of conciliation
exhibited on all sides. What objection can there
be now to that resolution as amended by the
gentleman from Hew York? The resolution de-
f clares that all laws enacted by State Legislatures,
personal liberty bills and all, should be repealed
if they conflict with the Constitution of the United
States and the laws of Congress made in pursu-
ance thereof. Does the Republican party object
to such a resolution as that? If they do, this
•Union, in my humble judgment, is at an end.
[Cries of "Read the resolution !"]
Mr. BURNETT. Before that is done, I desire
to know whether the previous question has been
called?
The SPEAKER. It has.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I rise to a question of order.
The previous question was called upon the ori-
ginal resolution; it never has been demanded upon
the resolution as amended.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. The gentleman is
mistaken.
Mr. ADRAIN. I demanded the previous ques-
tion upon the resolution as modified.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the gen-
tleman from Illinois is mistaken. The demand
for the previous question, however, has not yet
been seconded.
The resolution, as modified, was then read, as
follows:
Whereas the Constitution of the United States is the
supreme law of the land, and Its ready and faithful observ-
ance the duty of all good and law abiding citizens?: There-
fore,
Resolved, That we deprecate the spirit of disobedience to
that Constitution wherever manilested, and that we earn-
estly recommend a repeal of all statutes, including pcr.->onal
liberty bills, so called, enacted by State Legisiatuies, con-
flicting with, or in violation of, that bacred mstrumentand
the laws ot Congress made m pursuance theieof.
Mr. GROW. I rise to a point of order, I de-
sire to know if this resolution was introduced
within the hour fixed for calling States?
The SPEAKER. It was.
Mr. GROW. Then it must be referred with-
out debate, under the rule.
Mr. BURNETT. The resolution was received
by unanimous consent.
The SPEAKER. The rule will be read on
that point.
The 130th rule was read, as follows:
"All the States and Territories shall be called for bills
on leave and icsolutions on each alternate Monday dunng
each sc.syion of Congress; and, if necessary to secure the
ohjeet on said days, all resolutions winch f-hall give rise
to debute shall lie over for discussion, under the inles of
the House alteady established ; and the whole of said days
shall be appropriated to billion leave and resolutions, until
all the States and Terntoiies aie called through."
Mr. GROW. I rise to a point of order. Un-
der that rule, this resolution must he referred. If
the gentleman who offered it will leave out the
specification, or will put in a specification of all
the laws conflicting with the Constitution, I will
not object to the resolution. I do object to speci-
fying a part of the laws referred to, and leaving
out a specification of the others.
The SPEAKER. The question is on second-
ing the demand for the previous question.
Mr. SHERMAN. I call for the yeas and nays
on ordering the main question. 1 wish simpiy
to add two or three words to the resolution, and
then, I believe, it would be voted for unanimously.
Mr. BRANCH. The previous question has
not been seconded yet.
The SPEAKER. There can be no demand for
the yeas and nays on the second for the previous
question. They may be demanded on ordering
the main question.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is what [ desire.
Mr. GROW. What has become of the point
of order which I made?
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules it.
Mr. ADRAIN. That is right, Mr. Speaker.
Now, I hope we shall have a vote upon my reso-
lution. The yeas and nays have been ordered
upon it; and I call for the vote.
Mr. WELLS. I call for a division of the res-
olution.
The SPEAICER. That can be done after the
main question is ordered.
The previous question was then seconded.
Mr. SHERMAN-. I now demand the yeas and
nays on ordering the main question.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken*, and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 106, nays 55; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Green Adams Adrain, Alduch, Allen,
Thomas L. Anderson, William O. Anderson, Avery, Dan,
Barret, Boeoclc, Boteler, Bouligny, Branch, Brigg*, Blown,
Burnett, Horace F. Clark, John *15. Clark, Clopton, Cobb,
John Cochrane, Cox, James Craig, Button Ciaige, Claw-
ford, Curry, John G. Davis,Dc Jamutte, Delano, Edmund-
son, English, Etheridge, Florence, Fouke, Garnett, Gar-
trell, Gilmer, Ilale, Hall, Hardeman, J.. Morrison Harris,
John T. Harris, Hatton, Hill, Ilindman, Holman, Houston,
William Howard, Hughes, Jackson, Jenkins, Jones, Fran-
cis W. Kellogg, Kenyon, Kilgore, Kilhnger, Landrum,
Larrabee, James M. Leach, Leake, Logan, Longnecker,
Maclav, Malioiy, Charles I). Martin, Elbert S. Mai tin,
Maynard, McClernand, McICcnty, MeKmght, McPherson,
Millward, Montgomery, Laban T. Moore, Moorhead, Ed-
ward Joy Morris, Isaac N. Morris, Niblack, Nixon, Pen-
dleton, Peyton, Porter, Pryor, Quarlcs, Reagan, John H.
Reynolds, Riggs, James C. Robinson, Ruffin, Scott, Scran-
ton. Sickles,Simms,William Smith,'VViiliam N.II. Smith,
Stallworth, Stevenson, Stokes, Thayer, Thomas, Vance,
Verree, Webster, Wood, Woodson, and Wri2ht—106.
NAYS—Messrs. Babbitt, Beale, Binnliam, Blair, Blake,
Drayton, Butfinlon, Burlingarne, Butteiikid, Caiey, Caiter,
Ca?e, Colfax, Conklinir, Duell, Edwauls, Eliot, Ely,
Farriswoith, Fenton, Frank, Gooch, Giaham, Grow,
Hutelnns, Irvine, DeWitt C. Leach, L'1 e, Loomis, Love-
joy, McKean, Ohn, Palmer, Perry, Pott it, Potter, Pottle,
Royce, Sedgwick, Sherman, Spaulding, Spinner, Stanton,
William Stewnit, Tompkins, Tiam, Trimble, Vandever,
Wade, Waidron,Walton, Cadwalader C.Washburn, Ellihu
B. VVabhburne, lsiael Washburn, and Wells—55.
So the main question was ordered.
During the roll-call,
Mr.BARKSDALE(whenhis name was called)
said: Mr. Speaker, the people of Mississippi have
taken the questions referred to in this resolution
into their own hands, and will make their own
decision upon them. So far as I am concerned,
sir, I have no proposition for a compromise to
make and none to leeeivc; and hence I have no
suggestions to offer to the North with reference
to their personal liberty bills*. I decline to vote.
Mr. SINGLETON (when his name was called)
said: For the reasons assigned by my colleague,
and inasmuch as I do not feel inclined to volun-
teer advice to the northern States as to what,
course they should take in regard to their so-called
personal liberty bills, knowing that they will not
take it, I decline to vote on this proposition.
Mr. SHERMAN (when his name was called)
said: I again ask the House to allow me to oiler
an amendment inserting the words "and nullify-
ing laws "after the words " personal liberty bills,"
so that we may all be able to vote for this resolu-
tion.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I call the gentle-
man to order.
Mr. SHERMAN. There can be no objection
to it.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Yes, we object to
it. We are voting on the resolution.
Mr. IjURNIIAM (who was not within the bar
when his name was called) asked unanimous con-
sent of the House to vote.
Mr. BURNETT objected.
Mr. IjURNHAM. I wish to say that if I had
been present, I should have voted against order-
ing the main question, simply for the purpose of
amending the resolution.
Mr. KILGORE I promised the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Tiikaker,] in case a vote was
taken, to give notice that he is absentupon a com-
mittee upon important business, and could not be
here.
Mr. NIXON stated that Mr. Stratton was
absent on the committee of thirty-three; if pres-
ent, he would doubtless have voted for the reso-
lution.
The result of the vote having been announced
as above recorded, the question recurred upon
agreeing to Mr. Adrain's resolution.
Mr. ADRAIN. I ask fen* a vole on the reso-
lution.
Mr. WELLS. I call for a division of the res-
olution.
The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman be good
enough to indicate the division which he desires.
Mr. WELLS. The resolution embraces two
distinct propositions.
Mr. HATTON. I call for the yeas and nays
on the resolution.
The SPEAKER. They have been already
ordered.
Air. WEIJjS. I ask that the resolution be
divided after the word " manifested."
Mr. SHERMAN. The resolution is n ot divisi-
ble.
Mr. FLORENCE. That division would take
away the sense of the resolution. The objector
the resolution is to declare against these obnoxious
laws. We all know what an instrument the Con-
stitution is, and we know that we ought to ob-
serve it.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the res-
olution is not divisible.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Mr. Speaker,
I understand the Chair todecide that the resolution
is divisible, and I am glad that we are to have an
opportunity to vote on the different propositions
contained in it; for while I am in favor of the re-
peal of all laws in conflict with the Constitution
of the United States, I have not sufficient knowl-
edge of the personal liberty laws of the States to
authorize me to say that they are unconstitutional;
and thinking that the latter clause may contain, by
implication, a statement that they are, 1 cannot
vote for it; and so if there had been no division, I
should have been obliged to vote against the res-
olution. [Cries of " Order !"]
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is mistaken.
The Chair decided the question to be not divisible.
. Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Then I must
vote against the lesolution, although I would be
glad to vote for all ofit, except that which seems to
infertile unconstitutionality ofthc personal liberty
laws. [Cries of " Order!" "Order!"]
The question was taken on agreeing to the res-
olution; and it was derided in the affirmative—
yeas 153, nays 14; as follows:
YEAS—Messis. Gieen Adams, Adrain, Aldneh, Allen,
Thomas J). Andctnon,William C. Andei&on, Ashley. Aveiy,
Dabbitt, Ban, Bairet, Deaie, Bingham, Blair, Diake, Do-
cock, Boteler, Bouhgnv, Branch, Biajton, Brigirs Drown,
Bufiinton, Buiiingame, Burnett. Bumham, Buttei field,
Campbell, Cartel, Case, Horace F. Clark, John D. Clark,
Cobb, John Cochrane, CoHax, Conkhng, Covode, Cox,
James Craijr, Button Ciaige, Crawford, John G. Davis,
Dawes. De Jamette, Delano, Duell,Dunn, Edmunds on, Ely,
English, Etheridge, Fain-worth, Fenton, Florence, Fouke,
Frank, Garnett, Gilmer, Gooch,Graham, Gtow, Hale, Hall,
Hardeman, J. Morrison Hams, John T. Hams, Hatfon,
II«'lmiek, Hill, Ilindman, Holman, Houston, William How-
aid, Hushes, IJumphiey, Iivme, Jonkin-s Jone«, Junkin,
Fianeis \V. Kellogg, Ken} on, Kilgoie, lullmgei, Landium,
Lanabee, James M. Leach, Leake, Lee, Loyan, Long-
necker, Loomis, Lovejoy, Maelay, Mallory, Chatles D.
Martin, Eibeit S Mai tin. Maynaid, MeCleuiand,MoKean,
McKentv, MeKmght, MePhei-on, Milhvaid, Montgomery,
Laban T. Mooie, Mooihead, Edward Joy Moms, l>aac N.
Moin , Niblack, Ni\.on, Noell, Oiin, Palmer, Pendleton,
Pctfit, IVyfon, Poitei, Pottle, Piyoi, Qnaile^ R^asran,
John II. Reynolds, Rice, Ri^gs, James (7. Robinson, Royce,
Kijffin, Scott, Seianton, Sherman. Sickles, Snnms, Wil-
liam N. II. Smith, Spnnlding, Stanton, Stevenson, Wil-
liam Stewart, Stoke?, Thayer, Thomas,Tompkins, Tiain,
Trimble, Vance, Venee, Wade, Waldton, Walton, Ellihu
B. Wahhbuine, Webster, Wilson, Wood, Woodson, and
Wright—153.
NAYS—Messrs. Alley, Carey, Edwards, Eliot, Hutciuns,
Potter, Edwin It. Reynolds, Sedgwick, Spinner, Tappan,
Vandever, Cadwalader C. Washburn, Israel Washburn,
and Wells—14.
So the resolution was agreed to
During the roll-call,
Mr. SPINNER (when his name was called)
said: I would have voted for the original resolu-
tion, or for the amendment if it had been put in
without debate; but the House having refused to
put in " nullification laws," I shall vole " no."
Mr. VANDEVER (when his name was called)
said: Had the resolution applied to " nullification
laws," I should ha\e voted for it; as itis, I vote
" no."
Mr. FLORENCE. Arc not personal liberty
bills nullification laws?
Mr. VANDEVKR. The resolution should
include any nullification laws.
Mr. BRANCH. I hope the gentleman will be
allowed to specify what nullification laws he
wishes repealed.
Mr. IJURNHAM stated that Mr. WooDRurF
was confined to his room by indisposition.
The result of the vote having been announced
as above recorded,
Mr. ADRAIN moved to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution was agreed to; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The question recurred upon agreeing to the
preamble to the resolution.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine, demanded the
yeas and nays on the preamble.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decidcd
