1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
109
in the affirmative—yeas 156, nays none; as fol-
lows:
YEAS— Messrs. Green Adams, Adrain, Aid rich, Allen,
Alley, Thomas L. Anderson William C. Anderson, Ash-
ley, Avery, liabbitt, Barret, I3eale, Bingham, Biair, Blake,
Bocock, Botclcr, Bouhgny, Bianch, Brayton, Driggs,
Brown, Buffinton. Burhnjrame, Burnett, Burnham, Butter-
field, Campbell,Carey,Caiter,Case, Horace F.Clark,John
B. Clark, Cobb, John Cochrane, Colf.ix, Cnnkling, Covode,
Cox, James Craig, Crawfoid, John G. Davis, Dawes, De
Jarnette, Delano, Ducll, Dunn, Edmundson, Edwards,
Eliot, Ely, English, Etheridge, Farnsworth, Fenton, Flor-
ence, Foulce, Frank, French, Gainett, Gilmer, Gooch, Gra-
ham, Grow, Hale, Hall, Ilaidcman, J. Morrison Harris,
John T. Hams, Ilatton, Ilelmiek, Hill, Hindman, Holman.
William Howard, Ilughes, Humphrey, Irvine, Jackson',
Jenkins, Jones, Junkin, Konyon, Kilgore, Killinger, Lan-
dium, Lairabce, DeWitt C. Leach, James M. Leach,
Leake, Logan, Longnecker, Loomis, Lovejoy, Maelay,
Malloiy, Chailes D. Maitm, Elbert S. Martin, Maynard,
McClemand, McKean, McKenty, McPherson, Milhvard,
Montgomery, Laban T. Moore, Mooihead, Edward Joy
Morris, Isaac N. Moms, Niblack, Nixon, Noell, Olin,
Palmer, Pendleton, Pettit, Porter, Pottle, Pryor, Q.uail<"<s,
Edwin H. Reynolds, John iL Reynolds, Rice, Royce, Ruffin,
Scott, Scranton, Sedgwick, Sherman, Sickles, Simms,
Spinner, Stanton, Stevenson, Stokes, Stout, Thayer,
Thomas, Tompkins, Tiain, Trimble, Vance, Vandever,
Verree, Wade, Waldion, Walton, Cadwalader C. Wash-
burn, Ellihu B. Washburne, Israel Washburn, Webster,
Well*, Wilson, Wood, Woodson, and Wright—156.
NAYS—None.
So the preamble to the resolution was agreed to.
Mr. FOUKE moved to dispense with the read-
ing of the names.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BRANCH. Let the names in the nega-
tive be read. [Laughter.]
The vote was announced as above recorded.
Mr. ADRAIN moved to reconsider the vote by
which the preamble was agreed to; and also
moved to lay "the motion to reconsider upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Has the morning hour ex-
pired ?
The SPEAKER. Yes, sir.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Then I ask the unanimous
consent of the House to offer a resolution; and I
ask that it be read for information.
Mr. FLORENCE. I submit the point of order,
that all the States have not been called under the
rule. I will not object to the gentleman's resolu-
tion if it comes in regularly on call.
The SPEAKER. Let the resolution be read.
Mr. FLORENCE. I have no objection.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Whereas the Constitution of the United States is the
supreme law of the land, and it? ready and faithful observ-
ance the duty of all good and law-abiding citizens: There-
fore,
Resolved, That we deprecate the spuit of disobedience
to that Constitution wherever manifested, and that we
earnestly lecommend the icpealof all statutes, including
nullification law* bo called, enacted by State Legislature^,
conflicting with, and in violation of. Unit sacred uMiumcnt
and the, laws of Congress made m puisuance theicot; and
it is the duty of the I'tCMdeut ot the United States to pro-
tect and defend the propettj of the United States.
Mi. LOVEJOY. I move the previous ques-
tion on the resolution.
A Member. It is not in yet.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Was there any objection ?
A Member. Certainly.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Then X move to suspend the
rules.
Mr. BURNETT. I do not see why we should
not vote on this resolution; and if the gentleman
will permit us to amend the resolution, 1 am ready
to vote on it.
Mr. LOVEJOY. No sir. I move to suspend
the rules.
Mr. CRAWFORD. Is that motion in order?
The SPEAKER. It is; the morning hour
having expired, and this being Monday. The
motion to suspend the rules is therefore in order.
Mr. CRAWFORD. The truth is,Mr. Speaker,
that there is no propriety, as I conceive, in un-
dertaking to fool each other or the country by
the resolution that may be introduced. Now, let
us meet this question fairly. The gentleman from
Illinois is not afraid to vote for anything which
lie is in favor of; nor am I. Let a resolution be
introduced by the member from Ohio, or the
member from Illinois, or any other member,
stating exactly what each of us understands to
be our constitutional rights m regard to slavery,
and let us vote on it. 1 have no objection to vote
on any proposition that may be presented.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Then let us
have a vote on this.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I have no objection to what
the gentleman from Georgia proposes, after this
resolution shall be disposed of. I have moved to
suspend the rules. It was gentlemen on that side
of the House who commenced "whipping the
devil round the stump." We did not commence it.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I did not.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I believe not; but your side
of the House did.
Mr. FLORENCE. I rise to a point of order.
That is, that no business is in order until all the
States shall have been called. I refer to the 130th
rule of the House, which is as follows:
"All the States and Territoiies shall be called for bills on
leave and resolutions on each alternate Monday during
each session of Congress; and, if necessary to seouie the
objcct on said days, all resolutions which shall give rise to
debate, shall lie over for discussion, under the rules of the
House already established; and the whole ot 'said days
shall be appiopiiated to bills on leave and resolutions, until
all the States and Territoiies are called through."
The SPEAKER. There is another rule which
declares that on Monday of each week, at the
expiration of one hour after the Journal has been
read, the Speaker may entertain a motion to sus-
pend the rules.
Mr. FLORENCE. Yes, sir, cxcept on this
alternate Monday. Here isanexpressrule, which
provides that the States shall be called through
for resolutions.
The SPEAKER. It has been the practice,
after one hour, to entertain motions under that
rule.
Mr. FLORENCE. Very well. Then I want
to reform a bad practice; and I submit to the
Speaker whether, with this rule staring him full
ii) the face, reqmiing that each of the States shall
have that equality required by the Constitution,
I am to be prevented from performing my duty to
my constituents?
Mr. GROW. The motion to suspend the rules
includes, of course, suspension of the rule which
my colleague has read.
The SPEAKER. The motion to suspend the
rules is in order, and no debate is in order.
Mr. LOGAN. I hope there will be no objec-
tion on tins side of the House to the introduction
of the resolution. I can see no difference, myself,
between this resolution and the one just passed,
except in regard to the verbiage. I can find but
one objection to the resolution, and that is the
use of the words declaring that ull u law-abiding"
citizens should obey the Constitution. I think
that ull men should do so.
Mr. FLORENCE. I desire the gentleman from
Illinois to understand that I make no objection to
the resolution.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I accept the amendment sug-
gested by iTiy colleague.
Mr. LOGAN. It certainly should include mem-
bers of Congress; but if it is allowed to remain
"all good and law-abiding" citizens, I do not
think it will include them. [Laughter.]
The resolution was modified by the omission
of those words.
The rules were suspended; and the resolution
was introduced.
Mr. LOVEJOY called for the yeas and nays
on the adoption of his resolution.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 13C, nays none; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Green Adams Adiam, Aldrich, Allen,
Alley, Thomas L. Amleison, William C.Anderson, Ash-
ley, Averv, Babbitt, 15eale, Bmsliam, Blan, Blake, Iiofe-
ler, Bouhgny, Brayton, Brigirs Buthnton, Burlmgame, Bur-
nett, Burtiham, ButteifiHd, Campbell, Carey, Caiter, Cas* ,
Cobb, Colfax, Oonklmg, Covode, Cox, James Craig, John
G. Davis, Dawes, Delano, Duell, Dunn, Edgerton, Ed-
mundson,' Edwatds, Eliot, Ely, Eimheh, Ethetidge, Farns-
worth, Fenton, Florence, Foster, Fonke, Flank, French,
Gilmer, Gooch, Graham, Gtow, Hale, J. Morn?on Harris,
Hatton, Ilelnnck, Hickman. Hill, Umdman, Hoaid, Hol-
man, William [low-aid. Hughes. Humphrey, Hutching
II vine, Jiinlcm, Fiance W. Kellogg, Keuyon, Kilgore, Kil-
linger, Larrabee, DeWitt C. Leach, James M. Leach, Lee,
Loyan, Lomincekei, Loomis, Lovejoy, Maelay, Charles
D. \Muitm, Ll'ierf rf. Martin, Maj imrd, MeCIumand, Mc-
Kean. Meivontv, MeKmght, McPherson, Millward. Mont-
gomery. Laban T. Mooie. Moorhcad, Edward Joy Muir^,
l-aac N. Morns, Niblack. Noel!, Palmer, Perry, Porter,
Potter, Pottle, Qiiarle-, Edwin U. RevnohK, John II. Rey-
nolds. Rice, itura:*, Ruflin, Scott, fcedgwick, Sheiman,
Spauldin<r. Spumet, Munton. Willnun Suvvait, Stoke*,
T.ippan, Thayer. Tonipkm*. Tiam. Tumble. Vance, Van-
dever, Veireo, Wade, Waldion, Walton,Ellihu B. Wash-
burne, Israel Washburn, Webster, Wells, Wilson, anj
Wood—13G.
NAYS—IVoite.
So the resolution was adopted.
Mr. BARICSDALE. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman from Illinois whether, in his opinion—
[calls to "Order!"] I hope no gentleman will ob-
ject to my asking him—[cries pf " Call the roil!"]
whether, in his opinion, these personal liberty
bills are in conflict with the Constitution of the
United States, and whether he is in favor of
returning fugitive slaves?
Mr. LOVEJOY. That has nothing to do with
this resolution.
Mr. BARICSDALE. 1 shall decline to vote on
that resolution, because I believe it is a fraud, and
intended to deceive the people of the country.
[Calls to " Order!"]
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will proceed to
call the roll.
The call of the roll was proceeded with.
Mr. BARICSDALE (when his namo"was called)
said: I decline to vote on that resolution because
it means nothing, its object being to practice a
cheat on the people of the coimtry. The author
of this resolution [calls to "Order!"] stands on
the floor of the House [Renewed calls to
"Order!"]
The SPEAKER. No debate is in order.
Mr. BARICSDALE. He declared on the floor
of the House that he was opposed to returning
fugitive slaves, and he dare not deny it. [Loud
calls to " Order!"]
Mr. HILL. Perhaps he has altered his opin-
ions.
Mr. HUGHES (when his name was called)
said: I desire to inquire of the mover of the reso-
lution whether he is aware that there are any
nullifying acts on the statute-books of any State
in the Union except the personal liberty bills?
[Calls to " Order!"]
Mr. MAYNARD (when his name was called)
said: It seems to me that this resolution is identi-
cally the same as that just adopted. Nullification
is a mere synonym for personal liberty bills. I
therefore vote for this resolution, as ] did for the
other.
Mr. GlUARLES stated that his colleague, Mr.
Nelson, was engaged on the special committee
of thirty-three.
Mr. HILL (when his name was called) said:
I beg leave to say that I have been looking with
a good deal of concern and interest for some man-
ifestation of returning good will and conservatism
in our country; and I am willing to confess my
astonishment and gratification at the same time,
at the exhibition of it on the part of the member
from Illinois, [Mr. Lovejoy.] I had liotexpected
it. [Laughter.]
Mr. LOVEJOY. I object to the gentleman
giving any interpretation to my conduct.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Mr. HILL. This proposition has come from
a quarter where I least expected it. It affords me,
nevertheless, great satisfaction.
Mr. GROW. I object to debate.
Mr. HILL. I vote for the resolution.
Mr. FLORENCE. I suppose that the gentle-
man from Georgia expects, in regard to the gen-
tleman from Illinois, that
" While the lamp holds out to burn,
The vilest sinner may return."
Mr. LOVEJOY. Then there is some hope yet
for the gentleman from Pennsylvania. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. ELIOT stated that Mr. Marston was con-
fined to his room by sickness.
Mr. BABBITT (not having been within the
bar when his name was called) asked leave to
vote.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I object.
Mr. FLORENCE. I appeal to the gentleman
from Virginia not to interrupt this era of good
feeling by objecting to my colleague's voting.
Mr. SMITH,of Virginia, withdrew his objec-
tion .
Mr. BABBITT. I vote « ay." ■
Mr. BRANCH said: I approve of all that the
resolution contains; but inasmuch as the passage
of it at this time can have no practical import,
except m favor of civil war, I decline to vote
at all.
Mi. BUPv.NETT. I desire to say that,in my
judgment, this lcsolution does not admit of any
such construction by the remotest sort of impli-
cation. I voted for the resolution, and I would
not, under any circumstances, vote for it, if it, by
implication, looked to using force by the Presi-
