110
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 17,
dent of the United States in any of the contingen-
cies now looked forward to.
Mr. AVERY- Mr. Speaker, if I had thought
that the resolution could be interpreted to mean
anything like the sanctioning of civil war, it could
never have commanded my vote.
The vote was announced as above recorded.
Mr. LOVEJOY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ADJOURNMENT OVER TIIE HOLIDAYS.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, obtained the
floor.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I rise to a point
of order. 1 suppose I can be heard upon a point
of order if upon no other point. I know nothing
of the proposition which my colleague has to
present, but I object to my Republican colleagues
ocing allowed to occupy ail the time of the House,
when I am entitled to the floor. 1 have a resolu-
tion upon which I have been endeavoring to get a
vote for a long time, and I am entitled to be recog-
nized by the Chair to present that resolution.
Mr. WASI3BURNE, of Illinois. I desire to
say that I have no objection to the proposition of
my colleague, whenever he can obtain the floor to
offer it.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illinois
will state his point of order.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. My point of order
is this: that at the expiration of the morning hour
I had the right to call for the regular order of
business, f took the floor for that purpose, and
was rccognizod by the Speaker. I did not aban-
don the floor. My colleague, [Mr. Lovejoy,]
however, was permitted to present his proposi-
tion, which has been voted upon by the House.
Now, sir, as the Speaker well knows, I have been
trying from day to day to press the resolution
which I have in my hand for a vote of the House.
I think I was entitled to the floor when the res-
olution of my colleague was disposed of. My
other colleague, [Mr. Wasiibuiine,] however,
has been assigned the floor, and now I appeal to
him whether, as a matter of courtesy, it is not
due to him to yield to me, and enable me to offer
my resolution.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I will say
to my colleague that, if he will allow me to have
the resolution which I propose read, if there be
objection, I will not press the motion to suspend
the rules until ho shall have had an opportunity
to get his resolution before the House.
Mr. SMITH,of Virginia. I rise to a question
of order. I ask the Chair whether a call of the
States for resolutions is not the regular order of
business; and whether Illinois has any right to
be heard at this moment? The State of Virginia
has not been called, as yet, for resolutions; nor
has any other southern State been called.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will say to the
gentleman from Virginia that it is in order, under
the ruins, to move to suspend the rules on this
day. The gentleman from Illinois is therefore in
order, and his proposition will be read.
Mr. Washburnd's resolution was read,as fol-
lows:
Resolved) (the Senate concurring,) That when the two
Houses of Congress adjourn on Thursday next, the 20th
instant, they adjourn to meet on Wednesday, January 2,
18G1.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I object.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I shall not
now move to suspend the rules, but yield to my
colleague. I give notice, however, that as soon as
his resolution is disposed of, I shall endeavor to
obtain the floor to introduce the resolution which
has just been read; and if objection then be made,
I will move to suspend the rules.
TIIE UNION.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I now
send up to the Clerk's desk a resolution upon
which I desire the vote of the House.
Mr. LANDRUM. I r se to a question of or-
der. 1 call for the regular order of business.
The SPEAKER. The Chair must be allowed
to say to the gentleman from Louisiana that, al-
though those proceedings seem a little irregular,
yet, under the rules, the House is now proceed-
ing with the regular order of business. [Laugh-
ter.!
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I am now entitled
to the floor, and I do not yield it to any one, nor
do I intend to be cheated out of it.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has assigned the
floor to the gentleman from Illinois, and he will
submit his proposition.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. Yes, sir; I*have the
floor, and I want to see a fair fight. [Laughter.]
This House has to-day, by large majorities, rec-
ommended the repeal of the acts of the State Le-
gislatures, known as personal liberty laws, rec-
ommending the repeal of the nullification laws,
and all laws in violation of the Constitution and
laws of the United States. Now it only remains
for us to declare our devotion to the union of these
States.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I call the gentleman from
Illinois to order.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I do not yield to
the gentleman from Mississippi, or to any other
gentleman. [Laughter and cries of " Order!"]
Mr. HUGHES. Permit me to call the atten-
tion of the Chair to the question of order before
the House. I think that while the House is car-
rying out the regular order of business under the
130th rule the motion to suspend the rules is not
in order.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I decline to yield
the floor to the gentleman from Maryland or to
any other gentleman. I ask that my resolution
may be read.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Resolved tnj the House of Representatives, That we prop-
erly estimate the immense value of our national Union to
our collective and individual happiness; that wo. cherish
a cordial, habitual, and immovable attachment to it; that
we will speak of it as of the palladium of our political
safety and prosperity; that we will watch its picket vation
with jealous anxiety ; that we will discountenance what-
ever may suggest even a*u«-pieion that it can, m any event,
be abandoned, and indignantly fiown upon the first dawn-
ing of every attempt to alienate any portion of our country
from the iu.-u, or enfeeble the facted ties which now link
together the vauous parts; that we regard it as a mam
pillar in tiie edifice of oui real independence, the support
ot tianquiihty at home, our peace ainoad, our safety, oui
pto<perity, and that veiy hbei tv which we bo highly prize;
that we have seen nothing m the past, nor do \\e see any-
thing in the pie eiit, either m the election of Abraham
Lincoln to the Picsidency of tfie United States, or liom
any othei e\istn)geause,to justify its di-t-olurion ; that we
regaid its perpetuity as of more value than the tempoiary
triumph ot any party or any man ; that whatever evils or
abuses exist under it ought to be eoircctod within the
Union, in a peaceful and constitutional way; thatwe be-
lieve it has sufficient power to ledrcss evciy wiong and
enforce every right gio\% mg out of it1? organization or per-
taining to its pioper functions; and that it is a patiiotic
duty to stand by it as oui hope in peace and our defense in
w*ir.
Mr. LANDRUM. I object to that resolution.
Mr. BRANCH. I have no objection to the
reception of the resolution; but I move that it be
referred to the select committee of thirty-three.
Mr. MORRIS, nf Illinois. As I understand
there is objection to the resolution, I move a sus-
pension of the rules. The resolution is in the
language of the Farewell Address of the Father of
his Country, and I want to sec who will vote
against it.
Mr. JENKINS. I desire to ask the gentleman
from Illinois, whether Lincoln had been elected in
Washington's time? [Laughter, and cries of
''Order!"]
The question was taken; ami the rules were
suspended, (two thirds having voted therefor.)
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois, then submitted his
resolution, and- demanded the pievious question
upon U.
Mr. BRANCH. I move the reference of that
resolution to the select committee of thirty-throe.
The SPEAKER. That motion is not in order
pending the demand for the previous question.
Mr. BRANCH. If the demand for the pre-
vious question bo voted down, will it then be in
order to submit the motion ?
Tim SPEAKER. It will.
Mr. BRANCH. I hope the previous question
will be voted down, then.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
Mr. HINDMAN called for the yeas and nays
upon the resolution.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas HG, nays 44; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Green Adam*, Adrain, Aldiieh, Allen,
Alley, William (J. Anderson. Ashley, Babbitt, Beale, Bing-
ham, Blair, Blake, Brayton, J>iiggs,iiuiiin:on, Burhngame,
Burnham, Butterficld, Campbell, Carey, Carter, Case, Col-
fax, Conkling, Covode, Cox, John G. Davis, Dawc, Del-
ano, Duell, Duma,Edgeiton, Edwaid-j, Eliot, Eiy, English,
Etheridge*, Farnsworth, Penton, Foster, Fianlc, French,
Gooch, Giaham, Grow, Hale, Hall, J. Mornson Hairis,
Hetmick, Hickman, iloatd, llolman, William Howard,
Humphrey, Ilutchms, Irvine, Junkin, France W, Kellogg,
Kenyon,Kilgore, Killmgei, DeWitt C. Leach, Lee, Logan,
Longneckei,Loomis, Lovejoy.Chailcs D. Maitm,McCler-
nand, MeKean. McKenty, MeKnight, McPhcrson, Mont-
gomery, Mooihead, Edwaid Joy Morns, Isaac N. Moiris,
Niblack, Nixon, Olin, Palmer, Periy. Pettit, Poiter, Potter,
Pottle,Edwm It. Reynolds, John H. Reynolds, Rice, Riggs,
James. C. Robinson, Royce^ Seranton, Sedgwick, Sherman,
Spaulding, Spinner, Stanton, William Stewait, Stokes,
Tappan, Thayer, Tompkins, Train, Trimble, Vandever,
Verree, Wade, Waldron, Walton, Ellihu B. Washburue,
Isiael Washburn, Wells, Wilson, and Wood—116.
•NAYS—Messrs. Thomas L. Anderson, Avery, Barks-
dale, Bouligny, Branch, Burnett, John B. Clark, Clopton,
Cobb, Crawford, Curiy, DeJainette, Edmundson. Flor-
ence, Garnett, Gartrcll, Hardeman. Hill, Hindmau, Hughes,
Jackson, Jenkins, Jones, Landrum, James jVI. Leach,
Leake, Elbert S. Martin, Sydenham Moore, Noell, Pryor,
Quailed, Reagan, ltuffin, Scott, Sickles, Singleton,William
Smith, Stall woith, Stevenson,Thomas, Underwood,Vance,
Webster, and Wright—44.
So the resolution was adopted.
During the vote,
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois, said: Mr. Speaker,
I observe that several gentlemen who sit near me
have not voted, and I now give notice that, if in
order, I shall insist on their voting.
Mr. COBB. I have not voted, and I would like
to see the gentleman compel me to vote before I
am ready to do so.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I call gentlemen to
order. The vote ought not to be interrupted by
debate.
Mr. LEAKE. Mr. Speaker, I have no hesita-
tion about voting for some of the propositions of
the resolution, but for others I cannot vote. [Cries
of " Order !"]
Mr. STx\NTON. I lise to a question of order.
This practicc of interrupting the call of the roll
with debate all will admit is not a good practice.
It certainly is not in order, and I object to it.
Mr. LEAKE. 1 vote " no. "
Mr. NOELL. I regard these resolutions as
mere abstractions, and as conducing to no practi-
cal good, and I therefore vote m the negative.
Mr. BOULIGNY. I wish to know whether it
is not one of the rules of this House that members
who are present shall vote on the pending propo-
sitions when their names are called?
The SPEAKER. That is undoubtedly the
rule.
Mr. COBB T did not understand the question
when my name was first called, I will now cast
my vote. While I am willing and ready to In-
dorse the language of the Father of his Country,
yet I cannot swallow all that is said by the gen-
tleman from Illinois, [Mr. Morris.] I therefore
vote in the negative.
Mr. dUARLES. Mr. Speaker, while I con-
cur in most of the resolution offered by the gen-
tleman from Illinois, now before the House, we
have appointed a committee to which all our
troubles growing out of the recent election of Mr.
Lincoln, and the slavery question generally, are
referred; and I do not desire to forestall its action
in advance of its report by resolutions of this
geneial character. It can do no good, sir, and
may do harm. I therefore vote " no.''
Mr. MARTIN, of Vitgima. I ask, before I
cast my vote, to have the resolution again read.
The Clerk read the resolution
Mr. MARTIN, of Virginia. That is enough
for me. I vote " no."
Mr. STANTON. Several members were ab-
sent when their names were called, and I move
that, by unanimous consent, all those who wish
to vote ?nay be allowed to do so.
There was no objection; and it was ordered
accordingly.
Mr. FLORENCE. There are several objec-
tionable phrases in the resolution, which I cannot
vote for. If they were stricken out, I would vote
for the resolution; as it is now I vote against it.
I do so from a sense of duty, and not, sir- 
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. What are the ob-
jectionable phrases ?
Air. BURNETT. I call gentlemen to order.
Debate is not in oider.
Mr. FLORENCE. If permitted, I would an-
swer the gentleman from Illinois very cheerfully.
Mr. WEBSTER. I wish to put a question to
the gentleman from Illinois. [Cries of (t I object S"]
Mr. BARKSDALE. I hope there will be no
objection.
