1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Ill
Mr. WEBSTER. Mr. Speaker, before voting
I desire to put a question to the mover of this
resolution, simply for information, sir. Doesnot
this resolution, ill one of its parts, in general lan-
guage declare that in no conceivable state of cir-
cumstances should the Union be dissolved? So
understanding it, sir—and if I am wrong, I hope
the gentleman will correct me—while I declare
myself to be as ardently attached to the Union of
these States as any man within their limits, and
exceedingly anxious that our present difficulties
should be adjusted, and that Union thereby pre-
served, I am not willing to join in so broad adec-
laration. Consequently I vote " no." [Applause
and hisses in the galleries and upon the floor.]
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I hope that I will
be allowed to answer the question of the gentle-
man from Maryland. [Cries of " No!5' "Too
late!" " I object!"] Tiie language of my reso-
lution is that of Washington's Farewell Address;
are gentlemen afraid of it? [Cries of" Order!"]
Mr. HILL. 1 am willing, for one, that Wash-
ington's Farewell Address should be read every
morning after prayers, if it would be productive
of any beneficial effect. But I do not like the
phraseology of the resolution, and I therefore
vote against it. I am as much in favor of the
Union as I ever have been.
The vote was announced as above recorded.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois, moved to reconsider
tile vote by which the resolution was adopted;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ADJOURNMENT OVER TIIE HOLIDAYS.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask leave
to offer a resolution in reference to an adjourn-
ment over the holidays.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I hope the gentleman
from Illinois will waive his resolution until I can
offer a resolution upon which we probably can all
Q°T6G,
*Mi\ WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I cannot
yield now. When my resolution is acted upon
thoie will be time enough to act on the gentle-
man's proposition. The Clerk will read my res-
olution.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Resolved, (the Senate concuning,) That when the two
Houses adjourn on Thursday next, the yOth instant, they
adjourn to meet on Wednesday, January 2, 1861.
Mr. BRIGGS. Now is the time that the Rep-
resentatives of the people should he at their posts,
and I object to the resolution.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move, then,
that the rules be suspended, in order that I may
introduce the resolution.
Mr. McKNIGHT. I demand the yeas and
nays on the motion to suspend the rules.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 84, nays 84; as follows:
YEAS—lYIe«sis. Green Adams, Aldrieh, Alley, William
C. Anderson, Avery, Baik^dale, JJairet, Botcler, JJouhgny,
Ihanch, Burnett, Horace F. Clark, John B. Olatk,Clopton,
John Cochrane, Conkling, Covode, James Craiff, Craw-
foul, John G. Uuvis, Duell, Bdgeiion, Edmundson, Eliot,
Ely.English. Farnswoiih, Florence, Fotike, Frank,C*arnett,
GaVtrell, Graham, Giovv, Hall, John T. Harris, Iliekman,
Hill, iloJman, Jackson, Jenkins, Jones, Killinger, Lan-
dium,Lariabce, Leukc, Love, Lovejoy, May naid. McKean,
Mihward, Sydenham Mooie, Moorhcad, Niblack, Nixon,
Peyton, Pottei, Quaries, Reagan, Edwin R. Refolds, Rice,
Rig!^, Jame«> C. Robinson, Scotr, Soranton, Sedgwick,
Sickle"?, Singleton, William Smith, William N. IT. Smith,
Staliworth, Stevenson, William Stewatt, Thayer, Thomas,
Undeiwood,Vandever, Ellihu JLi.Washlfuine, Israel Wash-
burn,^Webster, Wood, Woodson, and Wright—84.
NAYS—Messrs. Adrain, Allen, Thomas L. Anderson,
Ashley, Ashmore, Babhitt, Bingham, Blair, Blake, Bray-
ton, Briggs, Bdfiinton, Builingame, Bunihiiin, Carey, Car-
ter, Case, Cobb, Colfax. Cox, Dawps, IV .hiritefto, Del-
ano, Dunn, Edwards, Etheud'jc. Fenton, Fot-tei, Gilmer,
Goochj Gurley, Haideman. lleinnek, Hmdman, Hoard,
William Ilowaid, Hughes, ilumpiney, Ilntehm^, Iivine,
Jnnkin. Francis W. Kellogg, Kitgore, DeWitt C. Leach,
James M. Leach, Lee, Logan, Loom is, Chailes D. Martin,
Elbert S. Martin, McClernand, McKenty, Mclvmght, Mc-
pherson, McQueen, Montgomery, Laban T. Moore, Ed-
ward Joy Moms, Isaac N. Mori is, Noell, Pahnei, Pendle-
ton, Peuy, Pcttit, Porter, Pr\or, Itoyee, Rulfin,
Shesman, Simm^, Spauldm?, Spinner, Stanton, Stokes,
Tompkm?., Train. Tumble. Vance, Wade, Waldron, Wal-
ton, Wells, and Wil&on—84.
So the rules were not suspended, (two thirds
not voting in favor thereof.)
DEFICIENCY BILL.
Mr. SHERMAN. Before moving that the
House adjourn, I give notice that I will, to-mor-
row, call up the deficiency appropriation bill.
There are many laborers and others who need
the money, and are anxious to have it. I move
that the House do now adjourn.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I ask the gentleman to
withdraw his motion to adjourn, so that I can
offer a resolution.
Mr. SHERMAN. I withdraw my motion for
that purpose.
SLAVERY.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I offer the following reso-
lution:
Resolved, That the Constitution of the United States
recognizes property in slaves; that Congress has passed
laws to aid slaveholders in recapturing their slaves when-
ever they escape and make their way into the free States;
that the Supreme Court of the United States have decided
that negroes were not included, either in the Declaration of
Independence or in the Constitution of the United States,
except as slaves, and that they cannot become citizens ; and
we, the members of this House, hereby sustain and will
support this construction of the Constitution, these laws,
and said decision of the Supreme Court.
Mr. SHERMAN. Pending the resolution, I
move that the House do now adjourn.
EXCUSED FROM SERVICE.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. Mr. Speaker, I
ask to be excused from further service on the se-
lect committee of thirty-three, upon the ground
that by its action it forces the southern members
upon it to make further concessions to the North,
and indicates its determination to yield nothing
to the South. I make the motion to be excused.
The question was taken; and the motion was
agreed to.
Mr. CRAWFORD. Is there objection to the
introduction of my resolution?
The SPEAKER. The Chair has heard none.
Mr. CRAWFORD. Let us vote on thq reso-
lution this evening. [Cries of" Vote!" " Vote!"]
Mr. SHERMAN. I withdraw my motion to
adjourn; and demand the previous question on
the resolution.
The call for the previous question was seconded,
and the main question ordered.
Mr. CRAWFORD demanded the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SPAULDING. I ask for a division of the
resolution. I believe in the truth of the second
proposition—"that Congress has passed laws to
aid slaveholders in recapturing their slaves when-
ever they escape and make their way into the
free States." That is true.
Mr. LOVEJOY. No, sir. [Laughter.] There
arc no such laws and no such words.
Mr. SPAULDING. I insist on a division of
the question.
Mr. GROW. If we are called upon to vote on
half a dozen different propositions, I move that
the resolution be laid upon the table. [Cries of
"No!" "No!"]
Mr. BRIGGS. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
Mr. SHERMAN. Will the resolution come
up to-morrow, if we adjourn, or will it go over
until next Monday ?
The SPEAKER. It will comc up to-morrow
as unfinished business.
Mr. GROW. I withdraw my motion.
The question was taken on Mr. Briggs's mo-
tion; and it was agreed to.
And thereupon (at five minutes to four o'clock,
p. m.) the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, December IS, 1860.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Gurley.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
BILL BECOME A LAW.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Adam J. Glossbrentner, his Sec-
retary, announced thatthe President hud approved,
on the 17th instant, an act (S. No.,82) to amend
the fourth section of the act for the admission of
Oregon into the Union, so as to extend the time
for selecting salt springs and contiguous lands m
Oregon.
COURT OF CLAIMS.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate reports from the Court of Claims, made in
pursuance of law, adverse to the claim of Samuel
Norris; the claim of R. R. Ward and others, as-
signees of Jacob Barker; the claim of John P.
Baldwin; the claim of Richard Irwin, trustee of the
president, directors, and company of the Mechan-
ics' Bank of New York; the claim of Jaques Char-
lant, representative of Peter Chariant; the claim
of Charles J. Jenkins and William M. Mann,
assignees of John McKinne; the claim of Elias
Brevoort and Joab Houghton: the claim of James
W. Knaggs, administrator, with the will annexed,
of Witmore Knaggs; the claim of Nathaniel P.
Causin, administrator of John H. Stone; and the
claim of Richard S. Coxe, administrator of Anna
Gibson.
Also, reports of the Court of Claims in favor of
the claim of Theodore Adams; the claim of Ly-
dia Cruger, executrix of Moses Sheppard; the
claim of Selmar Seibert; the claim of Joseph San
Roman and William Armstrong, administrators
of James B. Armstrong; and the claim of Gilbert
Cameron, accompanied by the following bills:
A bill for the relief of Theodore Adams;
A bill for the relief of Lydia Cruger, executrix
of Moses Sheppard, deceased;
A bill for the relief of Selmar Seibert; and
A bill for the relief of Joseph San Roman and
William Armstrong, administrators of James B.
Armstrong, deceased.
The bills and reports were referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims.
CANADIAN LEGISLATIVE PROCEEDINGS.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair has
received the legislative proceedings and parlia-
mentary debates of the Legislative Assembly of
the province of Canada, for the year 1860, with
the session papersund appendix, to be presented
to the Senate of the United States; which will lie
on the table, if no motion be made.
Mr. DAVIS. I move that the documents be
received, and referred to the Committee on tfie
Library.
The motion was agreed to.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a report of the Second Auditor of the Treas-
ury, communicating, in obedience to law, copies
of the accounts of persons charged with the dis-
bursement or application of money, goods, or
effects for the benefit of the Indians during the
year ending June 30,1860; which was ordered to
lie on the table.
The VICE PRESIDENT also laid before the
Senate two copies of the acts of the Legislative
Assembly of the Territory of Washington, con-
taining also the memorials and resolutions passed
at the seventh regular session of the Legislature,
begun and held at Olympia, on the 5th of Decem-
ber, 1859.
Mr. GREEN. They ought to be referred to
the Committee on Territories, so that we can
have access to them.
They were so referred.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIAL.
Mr. HAMLIN presented the petition of Lydia
Lord, widow of John Lord, a soldier in the war
of 1812, praying for a pension; which was referred
to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. GREEN presented the memorial of George
Briggs and Cornelius Vandcrbilt, praying that
the amount recovered from them as sureties of
David A. Bokce, may be refunded; which was
referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. DAVIS piesented the petition ofTheodore
J. Eckerson, military storekeeper and paymaster
at Benicia arsenal, in California, praying for a
modification of the law which fixes his salary, by
which his pay will be increased, and greater econ-
omy will be observed in the expenses incident to
his office; which was referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs and Militia.
PRINTING OF DOCUMENTS.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Hayes, Chief Clerk, announced that the
House had ordered, on the 17th instant, at twelve
o'clock and fifteen minutes, the printing of a let-
ter from the Secietary of the Interior, transmit-
ting estimates for deficiencies in the appropria- t
tions for the suppression of the African slave y
trade.
Also, that the House had ordered to-day, at
twelve o'clock and twenty minutes, the printing
