1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1071
dollars; and so various are their provisions, that
he may be said to have almost absolute discretion
in the mode of borrowing.
Next, you give him the discretion of closing any
port in the country which he may deem proper,
and thereby place the whole commerce of the
country at his mercy. Then, you authorize lum
to raise any number of troops that he pleases,
thereby incurring the public debt and expendi-
tures without check or limit. He may execute
the laws, and make war in the States Hvhere and
when he graciously pleases. The Constitution
forbids war against the foreigner without special
law to authorize; but you give the Executive
discretion to make war on your fellow-citizens at
his own will—you give him absolute control over
purse and sword. Sir, I do not believe I am utter-
ing an extravagant prediction when I say that, if
you commence this war, before you come out of
it you will have established an absolute military
dictatorship. Look at the signs already. It has
been predicted; it has been proposed upon this floor
by one gentleman; it has been spoken of as a
probable necessity in the papers. Look at the
assemblage of troops in this city; ridiculous, to
be sure, if you consider the pretended cause or
the mighty effort and the long time it has cost the
lieutenantgeneral to collectthem; but more serious
if you regard the purpose for which they have
been collected. How eagerly has our great cap-
tain availed himself of anonymous letters and
street gossip—for, in his evidence, he assigns no
better causes—to lend himself to the idle panic
which designing persons have gotten up !
In the organization of these troops, every south-
ern captain, every southern officer is sent off, the
whole force put into the hands of northern men;
and why ? Does the lieutenant general expect
to use them against the South ? Sir, you have all
around you expressive symptoms of the coming
military despotism. Lo'dk at the progress of Lin-
coln from his home in the West; at the military
escort, before unheard of, detailed by General
Scott and Mr. Holt to attend him; at the fawning
sycophancy and adulatory praises of the thou-
sands who have met him at every stopping place.
Consider that culmination of flunkeyism in the
fierce contest in the New York Legislature over
the honor of waiting upon this great dispenser of
loaves and fishes. Look at the minuteness with
which every detail is paraded before the public in
the newspapers; the description of the looms in
which he sleeps, the chairs in which he sits; how
he has a bow for one, a smile for another, and a
kiss for a third, all reported with the greatest mi-
nuteness; the growth of his whiskers commented
upon. Sir, I challenge you to find in any Eng-
lish newspaper the i-eportsof the journeys of Vic-
toria, so filled with fawning flattery as our daily
accounts of the progress of this northwestern
Republican President.
Ay, sir; and look at the evidences here in this
city. Have we not ageneral-in-chief of the Army,
attended by his guards—a guard always stationed
at his door' Have you not troops posted at all
the available avenues to this Capitol, kept, as we
are told, in secret, ready to march into this Hall
whenever any disorder may occur? Is there not
artillery enough here for an army of ten thousand
men ? And more than this, we are informed that
there are spies who watch the movements of every
southern man.
It was but the other day that a gallant officer
from the State of Maryland, a captain of one of
the companies now stationed in this city, in pri-
vate conversation with another officer, remarked
that it was a disagreeable position in which gen-
tlemen of the Army were placed here in Wash-
ington, regarded as the soldiers of the Federal Grov-
ernment, in a possible war against their fellow-
citizens. This conversation was overheard by
some miserable eavesdropper, who carried it to
Lieutenant General Scott; who, forgetting the in-
stincts of a Virginian, listened to the eavesdrop-
per, sent for this Maryland captain, and interro-
gated him as to the truth of the story. It was at
once acknowledged; for to what honorable man
would it not be disagreeable to be put in such a
position? It ought to be painful even to Winfield
Scott himself, though he might think it an act of
duty to aid in gathering forces,and pointing their
bayonets against the bosom of that old State
which has ever forwarded him in his career of
distinction, and whose plaudits attended every
laurel he has won in the battles of the country,
had he not forgotten the instincts of his birth; had
he not forgotten the glorious memories of his native
State.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia is not only transgressing the order of the
House making this subject a special order, but
also the rule of the House which prohibits per-
sonality.
Mr. BRANCH. Does the chairman of this
committeee declare that it is against the rules of
order of the House of Representatives for a mem-
ber to comment upon the conduct of the lieuten-
ant general of the Army ?
Mr. GARNETT. I was pointing out the forms
of an imperial court which attend the progress of
the Republican President elect. I was pointing
out that the dcletores of Imperial Rome had reap-
peared, and eavesdroppers are part of the military
court of your commander-in-chief; and I am in-
terrupted by the chairman of this committee, who
considers that it is an act of Use majeste to say
anything against those in authority.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will state to
the gentleman from Virginia that nearly the en-
tire body of his speech has been in contravention
of the rule of the House which confines debate on
a special order to the subject-matter immediately
pending. Yet the Chair—no objection being
made—did not check him. On the contrary, the
Chair has allowed him the utmost latitude of de-
bate. When the gentleman still further wandered
from the rules, the Chair deemed it his duty to
call attention to it. The gentleman's time has
now expired. However, as much of it was taken
up by interruptions, the Chair will consider the
gentleman's amendment as now offered, and that
he is entitled to five minutes upon it.
Mr. GARNETT. The Chair will see the pro-
priety of my finishing what I had commenced
when interrupted.
When this captain stated that what was re-
ported of him was true, he was dispatched to
another post, and a captain from Maine was or-
dered here to take command of his company.
In like manner, you introduce resolutions cen-
suring the Secretary of the Navy because he dis-
tributes the public ships as he thinks the public
interest requires, and because he does not cate-
chise the officers as to what their course of con-
duct will be in future contingencies. For my port,
I think it would be the instinct of honorable men
to despise and to contemn any officer who would
say thathewould ever bear arms against hisnative
State, whether right or wrong, whether he ap-
proved or disapproved. Every man who feels the
true spirit of honor would consent to any sac-
rifice—would die the death—before he would raise
an arm against the old State that gave him birth,
that sheltered his youth, and to whom he owes
his allcgiance.
The disregard of all law does not stop hero.
The Secretary of the Treasury orders—and he is
even applauded for the spirit of the order—an
officer to shoot down any one who commits a
trespass on the flag, and he directs a lieutenant
to displace the captain if he does not obey the
orders. If this order ended in a murder, the
Secretary would be an accessory before the fact;
but it is paralleled by King Bomba, of Naples
alone. That worthy potentate was for executing
the laws; and he divided political offenses into three
classes: the first was to be dealt with in the ordi-
nary way—by courts, I presume. The second still
required a "procedure," though an "extraor-
dinary " one. But the third he treated as Mr.
Dix does a trespass on the flag. The criminals
were "to be immediately executed by shooting;"
and like Mr. Dix, he could not help suspecting
that even in Sicily instruments might fail him
for carrying out these savage ordinances, and so
he continues:
" Jf, in trials of the kind mentioned above, there should
be any case of refusal to act, or a Ecruple of conscience on
the part of all or some of the judges forming tile military
or civil commission,'5 * * * * "wefrrant
you the power to choose, in the place of those membeis
who may have sciuples, such other officers or judges as
you may think fit, ot the same class as those who appear
to you doubtful." *
I said, sir, in answer to the gentleman from
Kentucky, [Mr. Anderson,] that I was in favor
of my State seceding at the earliest possible mo-
ment. As I said on a former occasion, 1 am in
favor of her secession, because I believe in my
heart that it is the best possible mode of prevent-
ing war and reconstructing a Union of equality
You talk of amendments to the Constitution, and
forget that the preliminary question of war or
peace mustfirstbe settled. It cannot remain open
during thetedious process of constitutional amend-
ment. Nay, sir, amendment is impossible, unless
you previously recognize the independence of the
confederate States. For until you do that, amend-
ment requires the ratification of twenty.six States;;
and as the seven seceding cannot and -will not
act, it requires every northern State, except one,
and absolutely all, if Arkansas meantime secedes.
Is this a possibility? While you are waiting this
slow and utterly improbable result, Mr. Lincoln
will be recapturing forts, blockading harbors, and
the whole country will resound with the horrid
' din of war.
But secession offers the best, if not the only,
chance for peace; and peace, the only hope of re-
construction. Already the signs, at one time
more hopeful of peace and adjustment, are blasted
by the pretended friends of Union, who—God
forgive them—have unwittingly taken the surest
means of hardening the hearts of our Black Re-
publican rulers, ana making disunion permanant
and bloody. Upon their heads rests the respon-
sibility. Even now, were the South all united,
their confederacy would be so strong as to make
attack hopeless. The confederate States have
adopted a constitution nearly the same as ours.
One by one we might join them; and even the
border free States would find this new confed-
eracy, with the old Constitution, a more faithful
guardian of the old traditions, a truer successor of
the old Union, than the Government we now live
under; and they would seek admission, and leave
the fanatics of New England and the lake shore
country to seek what Canadian connections they
might be able to form. Yes, sir, when the gen-
tleman from Kentucky [Mr. Anderson] asks me
if I am for the Union, 1 ask him, what Union ?
The Union of our fathers, the equal Union of sov-
ereign States? Yes; but it is gone—vanished!
In its stead, we have two unions—a northern and
a southern. I am against the unequal Union of
a few vassal slave States, and the numerous free
States, inspired and governed by the New Eng-
land school of politics. I am for the union of
kindred southern States; I am for reconstructing
a union, if not the same with that of 1789, yet
preserving its spirit and inheriting its principles
of State sovereignty and equality. Therefore, I
am for seceding from this sectional despotism, and
seeking peace, equality, honor, and reconstruc-
tion with the South.
I believe, sir, that the question now stands be-
tween two confederacies—a northern and a south-
ern confederacy. Between them, I would choose
the southern. It is the only feasible mode of
reaching a peaceful alliance or league between the
northern and southern States. The mythical le-
gend of antiquity tells you, that when the Sibyl
offered the Roman tyrant the books of fate, he de-
clined the offer. Twice she returned, buteach time
a portion of the books was destroyed; and when,
at last, his eyes were opened to their value, he
could obtain but a remnant of the priceless leaves.
You have been like that tyrant. During the three
months^of this session, you have had it in your
power to arrest the movement of secession, and
save this Union. When you came here, had you
hastened to pass measures of adjustment, moder-
ate adjustment, the Union feeling still strong, at
least in the border States, and then yet living in
the South, would have accepted it. You refused
even to consider the offer.
Later still, it was in your power to have saved
the Union, l't was proposed to you to suspend the
execution of the Federal ian in the seceding
States, to give time for negotiation, and to allow
the people of the North to say whether they would
longer submit to this Republican assault upon the
Union, and the people of the South opportunity
to decide whether they were willing to return on
fair terms. That proposition, too, you refused to
hear. Now, the chances are gone. The Sibyl-
line books are nearly destroyed. Only one third
remain, and they contain the issues of peace or
war. Choose ye between them ! WeoftheSouth
desire peace. We desire friendship with you; but
choose which you may, the people of the South,
and their brethren on the southern border—breth-
ren in heart, if not in name; ay, and many brave
