1072
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 20.
lovers of justice in the North—stand ready to
me«t you in the name of the God of. battles- and
.of our fathers.
Mr. MILLSON. Mr. Chairman, X wish to res-
cue the amendment, now pending before the com-
mittee, from the general views submitted by ray
colleague, and to present it to the committee in
its proper light, it is because I agree with my
colleague in his general purpose to oppose every-
thingthat may involve a collision, in the future,
between the Government of the United States and
any of the seceding. States, that I rise to protest
against the effort to represent every subject, even
of ordinary legislation, as being connected with
an attempted invasion of the safety of ccrtain
States. I suggest to my colleague, that if we at-
tempt now to say that even a measure of this sort
is necessarily connected with a hostile purpose*1
against-any State of the Union, we shall cease to
have any effect when we raise our voices in oppo-
sition to measures of real and actual coercion.
Why, sir, must we disband our Army entirely,
lest, from the maintenance of a military force, it
shall be thought that we contemplate war against
any of the States? Shall we burn our Navy and
dismiss our officers, lest it be fancied that the main-
tenance of the Navy threatens the safety of some
of the States of the Union?
I concurred in the report of this amendment
from the Committee of Ways and Means, and I
expect to vote for a concurrence in it in the House.
I have been in favor of the measure for years past,
and uniformly voted for it. My colleague, per-
haps, has uniformly voted against it. He repre-
sents the amendment as contemplating the insti-
tution of measures for coercing the secedingStates.
Why, does not my colleague know that the ap-
propriation will not be effective at all until the 1st
of July next, and that full two years will be ne-
cessary to elapse before these vessels can be built
at all? Why, sir, the engines of these steamers
cannot be completed before, I trust, all the diffi-
culties in the country will be ended m some way
or other. If my colleague supposes that this is
a war measure, I think I can relieve his appre-
hensions by representing to him that I know noth-
ing better calculated to prevent the active prose-
cution of any war that may be intended against
the seceding States than the passage of this amend-
ment; for, while the ships themselves cannot be
used for any such purpose, yet it is unquestion-
ably true that the $1,'200,000 appropriated will be
taken from other objects of expenditure, and will,
to that extent, cripple the finances of the Govern-
ment, if they should propose to levy war against
the States.
Sir, the present Administration recommends this
measure. The Secretary of the Navy recom-
mended this particular measure more than two
years ago. He repeated the recommendation at
the next session, and he repeats the recommenda-
tion at the present session. These vessels, sir,
will be useful for many purposes. They will be
especially useful in suppressing the slave trade on
the coast of Africa. They are desired for that
object, and they arc desired also for ordinary ser-
vice in the Gulf of Mexico and the Caribbean sea.
1 ask the Clerk to read from the last annual re-
port of the Secretary of the Navy the two pas-
sages which 1 have marked; and surely this rec-
ommendation of (he measure,omanatingfrom the
present Secretary of the Navy, who is known to
be opposed to the policy of coercion, and written
after the present difficulties were universally
known, ought to furnish at once conclusive evi-
dence to my colleague that those vessels are not
intended for any such purpose.
One word in conclusion. My colleague cries
"war" so often that 1 am afraid, when war meas-
ures are really contemplated, we shall be slow to
believe it. If war does come, I think my col-
league will be, perhaps, the first to perceive its
approach. He seems, sir, to wait for war " more
than they that watch for the morning." [Laugh-
ter.]
The Clerk read the extracts from the report of
the Secretary of the Navy, as follows:
"The sloops-of-tvar built prior to 1 'vK); nr<d the l)ri<rs
Bainbridgc, Petry, am! Dolphin, require such an expendi-
ture to keep tliom lit lor service that it will soon lie advan-
tageous to replace tlu-m with new vesscR Tiiey ale not
large enough tor store-ships." ' - *
"The constant appeal of American citizens, coming to
us from ait quarteia of the woiUl, asking tor swcurifv and
piotecuon beyond what the Government, with its piesent
means, can afford them, speaks a language to which we are
not at liberty to turn a deaf ear. To be able at any time,
at short notice, to throw a powerful naval force upon any
given point where our interests are threatened or the lives
of American citizens are in jeopardy, is not only a consti-
tutional duty, but ope of the safest, most beneficent, and
salutary powers that can be intrusted to official hands un-
der a republican form of government; and 1 cannot permit
the present occasion to pass without most earnestly recom-
mending the policy of a gradual, substantial, and perma-
nent increase of the INTavy, accompanied by the universal
introductionTnto it of the motive power of steam. Such
policy is essential to the protection of our coasts and com-
merce, and of American citizens and their property on the
ocean and in distant countries ; to the preservation of peace,
the efficiency of negotiation, the general advancement of
our commercial interests, the maintenance of our appropri-
ate position among nations, and the prompt vindication of
our rights and of the honor of the country, and should he
subject to none of the ordinary vacillations arising fiom the
varied success of political parties,"
Mr. CURTIS. I move pro forma to amend the
amendment of the gentleman from Virginia, by
adding the words "except for the defense of the
Federal Government."
Mr. Chairman, I have not time, in five min-
utes, to answer the speeches that have been made
this morning. I regret very much that I have
not. The gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Gar-
nett,1 on every occasion when any measure has
come before the House from the Committee on
Military Affairs for the last three weeks, has
undertaken to present to the House the idea of
coercion and war. When we proposed that the
volunteers of this city should be so organized
that they could keep the peace of the city, and to
require them to take an oath of fealty to the flag
of the Union, the gentleman instantly raised the
cry of coercion and war. When the peace of this
city was threatened, and the commanding gen-
eral ordered troops here for the purpose of keep-
ing the peace, and when they were marching into
the city, he rose in his place and again cried
" war! war! war!" Now, how many troops are
there here? What terrible army is this that the
gentleman is so constantly crying out about? But
nine hundred men, not equivalent to a single regi-
ment in many of the armies of the world. What
will the woild think of this Government and of
this great nation, when a statesman rises upon
this floor and condemns the presence of a stand-
ing army at the national capital at such a time
as this, which amounts to the insignificant num-
ber of nine hundred men ? Why, sir, the other
nations of the earth hold revolution and discord
and anarchy m check by armies of millions, if
necessary for that purpose. Two or three hun-
dred thousand troops are considered in many
countries but a small standing army, and here the
commanding general cannot command a single
regiment. The world will look upon these
speeches. Their eyes are now turned upon us;
and I ask you if the conduct of the lieutenant
general commanding the Army of the United
States should be thus held up before the world
as though lie were trying to establish despotism
and tyranny here, when helms not got enough
soldiers here to constitute a regiment or command
a battery ?
And now, when it is proposed to add to the
Navy five or six vessels of war, after we have
lost some of our revenue cutters, which have been
seized by the insurgents whom the gentleman so
strenuously advocates and defends, be again rises
and endeavors to make the people of the country
believe that it is a war measure, and to alarm
them, as if there was any real danger of tyranny
and oppression and military despotism m this
country.
Again, sir, when the Committee on Military
Affairs propose to give the incoming President
the powers which the Constitution contemplates
to preserve the peace of the Union, the gentleman
rises and dcprecates any such effort to strengthen
the arm of the Executive, and speaks of it as
though it were coercion of southern States.
Sir, we have no war, except the war that is
made upon the United States, the war that exists
in the United States, and which is only peculiar
in one respect—that the blows are all from one
side. Our forts have been taken. That is a casus
belli. Our armories have been taken. That is
another; Our ships have been fired at. That is
a third. A red Hag of war has been placed upon
batteries and upon forts facing our forts. That
is another act of war; and it is an indication of a
determination of a bloody war, a war of exterm-
ination; for a red flag is a pirate's flag. I admit
that there is a continuing war going on; for the
flag of the United States that floats over Fort
Sumter is now threatened with war. That fort
is regularly besieged, and the lines of circumval-
lation are being perfected. There is war in the
South against the flag of our country, against the
Union, against the peace of the country, against
our homes and our firesides; and it is for defense
that we want an Army and a Navy and the mili-
tia of the country.
[Here tkc hammer fell.]
Mr. BRANCH. Mr. Chairman, the gentleman
from Iowa says we have but nine hundred troops
here, and asks us what have we to fear. I assure
him that I do not fear nine hundred troops, nor
ten times nine hundred, against the liberties of
this country. What we fear is that which seems
to be taking possession of the public mind—adis-
position to rule this country by military power.
We see, it is true, ill limited numbers at present,
regular troops bi ought to surround this Capitol
while Congress is carrying on its deliberations.
There are but nine hundred now. Next year, or
the year after, there may bo ninety thousand; and
we may follow—and we fear we see the symptoms
that this country is about to follow—the example
set in so many Republics before us.
The gentleman from Iowa reminds us that other
Governments have millions of troops around them
to sustain them. It is true, sir, that other Gov-
ernments do have them; and hence it is true that
this is the only free Republic that exists on the
face of the globe. Does the gentleman from Iowa
intend that we shall follow the example of the
Governments of Europe? Louis Napoleon, with
his half million armed men, has crushed down
the liberties of France. He holds the iron heel
upon the necks of the people, because he has his
half million armed men around his throne. Are
we to follow that example ? The emperor of Rus-
sia  * 
Mr. HINDMAN. I rise to a question of order.
I believe it was decided by the Chair a while ago
that it was not in order to assail distinguished
military characters; and I trust the gentleman
from North Carolina will make no assault upon
the French emperor. [Laughter.]
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will sustain
the point of order raised by the gentleman from
Arkansas, but for a different reason from that
stated by the gentleman.
Mr. HINDMAN. I withdraw the point of
order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will state to
the gentleman from North Carolina and the gen-
tleman from Arkansas, both, that the remarks of
the gentleman from Virginia were not m oider,
because he went into general debate after the
House had limited debate upon this bill, by mak-
ing it a special order; and certainly the gentleman
from North Carolina is wandering far from the
sloops-of-war when speaking of the conduct of the
lieutenant general; and if the point of order is in-
sisted on, the Chair will confine the gentleman to
the pending amendment.
Mr. WINSLOW. The question before the
House is the question of coercion—the amend-
ment of the gentleman fiom Viiginia.
Mr. HINDMAN. I ask if it is in order for
the Chair to decide a point of order which has
been withdtawn,
Mr. BRANCH. The point of order raised by
the gentleman from Arkansas was, that it is not
in order to speak disrespectfully of the Emperor
of the French as a distinguished military charac-
ter. I understand the Chair now to say that, if
he insists upon that point of order, the Chair will
have to sustain it.
The CHAIPiMAN. The decision of the Chair
is, that the gentleman fiom North Carolina must
confine his remarks to the ships-of-war, with
which Louis Napoleon has nothing to do.
[Laughter.]
Mr. BRANCH. I am very glad, indeed, of the
explanation'that the Chair has made in reference
to the circumstance to which he has alluded, be-
cause, I regarded it at the time as one of the most
striking features of the times, that when the Presi-
dent of the United States, day after day, is as-
sailed upon this floor in the most violetitlanguage,
when his personal integrity is assailed without
stint, and no member is ever called to ordei for
it, the first time that a Representative of the peo-
ple rises here, while wo are surrounded by armed
