112
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 18.
1
of a letter from the Secretary of the Treasury,
transmitting an account of receipts and expendi-
tures of the United States for the fiscal year end-
ing June 30, 1860.
PROPOSED CONSTITUTION AX CONTENTION.
Mr. LANE. Mr. President, I ask leave to
introduce some resolutions; and if it is not the
pleasure of the Senate to consider them now, I
desire to give notice that I shall move them as a
substitute for, or amendment to, the resolution
introduced by the Senator from New Hampshire
[Mr. Clark] yesterday.
The Secretary read Mr. Lane's resolutions,as
follows:
Whereas in the years 1847—18 the northern States of this
Union, by their Legislatures, and almost with unanimity,
adopted resolutions in favor of what was called the Wilmot
Proviso, prohibiting slavery in all the territory acquired
from Mexico, and the southern States soon afterwards
passed counter resolutions, declaring that they would resist
that measuie at all hazards, and to the last extiemity; and
whereas in 1830 certain laws were enacted to settle the
controversy between the two sections, called the compro-
mise measures, agreeing that the people of the Territories
on cnteiing the Union, should decide the question of sla-
very for themselves; and whereas at the last presidential
election the people of the northern States, by the election
of a President on the Chicago platform, have reaffirmed
their previous position, that slaveiy shall be excluded from
ali the Teriitories of the Union, now and hereatter; and
whereas a number of the southern States, regarding said
decision as destructive ot the equality of the States and of
their equal rights in the common territory of our common
country, as ultimately fatal to theiL.systcm of society, and
the agitation resulting from such a policy as imminently
dangeious to their domestic peace and safety, have indi-
cated a purpose to dissolve their political connection with
the noithern States, and there is reason to believe that all
the, southern States will soon unite in said movement; and
whereas a dissolution of this Union woukl result in gieat
disasters to both sections, and, if attended with civil war,
in hoirors peihaps exceeding any that history has re-
corded; and wheieax it is now apparent that the present
system of government is not adequate to the exigencies of
the times, to the changes of opinion and of circumstances;
and, particularly, that the mode pieseribod in the present
Constitution for amendments thereto, is not, from the sec-
tional diameter of the controversy, and the urgency of
event*, adequate to tlic occasion ; and whereas in a simi-
lar ditliculty our forefathers, fimlmff the amendment of the
Articles of the Confederation impracticable, called on the
States to act sepaiatcly, to devise another plan of novem-
ment, and that course was adopted and crowned with suc-
cess: Theiefore,
Resolved, That the several States be requested to send
commissioners or delegates to a convention, to consult on
the changes whioh the present times requne.
And whereas the southern States, being m a numerical
minority, complain of aggressions, previous and prospect-
ive, from the northern States:
He it resolved, That the delegates of said southern Suites
be requested to convene fust by themselves to confer on
the conditions nccessaiy tor their security and poaec, and
submit their conclusions either to the delegates of the
northern Status separately convened, or to a convention of
all the noithern States.
Jinfr be it further resolved, That it is contrary and abhor-
rent to the religion and civilization of our age, and to the
spirit of our Constitution, to interfere in any way by force
with such steps as any of the States feeling aggrieved may
adopt.
-find be it j'mther resolved, That the Federal Government
will abstain fiom the employment of all oranyfoice to
prevent or nitnfere with any State oi State* which thall
determine by itself or themselves on any eouise foi their
own prospeuty and satety, which shall not bo aggressive
,owanN the othei States; and ui any case where their may
be danger of collision between any State and the Federal
forces stationed theie, the loroes he piomptiy withdiawn.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I would suggest that these
resolutions He over, and when the committee of
thirteen is appointed on the motion of the Sena-
tor from Kentucky, [Mr. Powell,] that this and
ali similar propositions go to that committee for
consideration.
Mr. DAVIS. And be printed.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Yes; and be printed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Docs the Senator
move the printing of these resolutions ?
Mr. LANE. What did the Senator from Illi-
nois propose > I did not hear.
Mr. DOUGLAS. That the resolutions lie on
the table until the committee is appointed, and
then send them all to the committee.
Mr. LANE. I have no objection.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will put
the question now on the motion to print the reso-
lutions.
The motion was agreed to.
COMPROMISE OP THE SLAVERY QUESTION.
Mr. CR1TTLNDEN. I am gratified, Mr.
President, to seem the various propositions which
have been made, such a universal anxiety to save
the country from the dangerous dissensions which
now prevail; and I have, under a very serious
view and without the least ambitious feeling what-
ever connected with it, prepared a series of con-
stitutional amendments, which I desire to offer to
the Senate, hoping that they may form, in part at
least, some basis for measures that may settle the
controverted questions which now so much agi-
tate our country. Certainly, sir, I do not pro-
pose now any elaborate discussion of the subject.
Before presenting these resolutions, however, to
the Senate, I desire to make a few remarks ex-
planatory ofthem, thatthe Senate may understand
their general scope.
The questions of an alarming character are
those which have grown out of the controversy
between the northern and southern sections of
our country in relation to the rights of the slave-
holding States in the Territories of the United
States, and in relation to the rights of the citizens
of the latter in their slaves. I have endeavored
by these resolutions to meet all these questions
and causes of discontent, and by amendments to
the Constitution of the United States, so that the
settlement, if we can happily agree on any, may
be permanent, and leave no cause for future con-
troversy. These resolutions propose, then,inthe
first place, in substance, the restoration of the
Missouri compromise,extendingthe line through-
out the Territories of the United States to the east-
ern border of California, recognizing slavery in
ali the territory south of that line, and prohibiting
slavery in all the territory north of it; with a pro-
vision, however, that when any of those Terri-
tories, north or south, are formed into States,
they shall then be at liberty to exclude or admit
slavery as they please; and that, in the one case
or the other, it shall be no objection to their ad-
mission into the Union. In this way, sir, I pro-
pose to settle the question, both as to territory
and slavery, so far as it regards the Territories of
the United States.
I propose, sir, also, that the Constitution shall
be so amended as to declare that Congress shall
have no power to abolish slavery in the District of
Columbia so long as slavery exists in the States
of Maryland and Virginia; and that they shall
have no power to abolish slavery in any of the
places under their special jurisdiction within the
southern States.
These are the constitutional amendments which
I propose, and embrace the whole of them in re-
gard to the questions of territory and slavery.
There are other propositions in relation to griev-
ances, and in relation to controversies, which I
suppose are within the jurisdiction of Congress,
and may be removed by the action of Congress.
I propose, in regard to legislative action, that the
fugitive slave law, as it is commonly called, shall
be declared by the Senate to be a constitutional
act, in strict pursuance of the Constitution. I
propose to declare, that it has been decided by
the Supreme Courtof the United States to be con-
stitutional, and that the southern States are enti-
tled to a faithful and complete execution of that
law, and that no amendment shall be made here-
after to it which will impair its efficiency. But,
thinking that it would not impair its efficiency, 1
have proposed amendments to it in two particu-
lars. 1 have understood from gentlemen of the
North that there is objection to the provision
giving a different fee where the commissioner de-
cides to deliver the slave to the claimant, from that
which is given where he decidcs to discharge the
alleged slave; the law declares that in the latter
case he shall have but five dollars, while in the
other he shall have ten dollars—twice the amount
in one case than in the other. The reason for this
is very obvious. In case he delivers the servant
to his claimant, he is required to draw outa lengthy
certificate, stating the principal and substantial
grounds on which his decision rests, and to
return him either to the nuushal or to the claim-
ant to remove him to the State from which he
escapcd. It was for that reason that a larger fee
was given to the commissioner, whore he had the
largest service to perform. P>ut, sir, the act being
viewed unfavorably and with great prejudice, in
a certain portion of our country, this was regarded
as very obnoxious, because it seemed to give an
inducement to the commissioner to return the
slave to the master, as he thereby obtained the
larger fee of ten dollars instead of the smaller one
of five dollars. 1 have said, let the fee be the same
in both cases.
I have understood, furthermore, sir, that inas-
much as the fifth section of that law was worded
somewhat vaguely, its general terms had ad-
mitted of the construction in the northern States
that all the citizens were required, upon the sum-
mons of the marshal, to go with him to hunt up,
as they express it, and arrest the slave; and this
is regarded as obnoxious. They have said, "in
the southern States you make no such requisition
on the citizen;" nor do we, sir. The section, con-
strued according to the intention of the framers
of it, I suppose, only intended that the marshal
should have the same right in the execution of
process for the arrest of a slave that he has in ali
other cases of process that he is required to exe-
cute—to call on the posse comitates for assistance
where he is resisted in the execution of his duty,
or where, having executed his duty by the airest,
an attempt is made to rescue the slave. I propose
such an amendment as will obviate this difficulty
and limit the right of the master and the duty of
the citizen to cases where, as in regard to all other
process, persons may be called upon to assist in
resisting opposition to the execution of the laws.
I have provided further, sir, that the amend-
ments to the Constitution which I here propose,
and certain other provisions of the Constitution
itself, shall be unalterable, thereby forming a
permanent and unchangeable basis for peace and
tranquillity among the people. Among the pro-
visions in the present Constitution, which I have
by amendment proposed to render unalterable, is
that provision in the first article of the Constitu-
tion which provides the rule for representation,
including in the computation three fifths of the
slaves. That is to be rendered unchangeable.
Another is the provision for the delivery of fugi-
tive slaves. That is to be rendered unchangeable.
And with these provisions, Mr. President, it
seems to me we have a solid foundation upon
which we may rest our hopes for the restoration
of peace and good-will among all the States of
this Union, and all the people. I propose, sir, to
enter into no particular discussion. I have ex-
plained the general scope and object of my prop-
osition. I have provided further, which 1 ought
to mention, that, there having been some difficul-
ties experienced in the courts of the United States
in the South m carrying into execution the laws
prohibiting the African slave trade, all additions
and amendments which maybe necessary to those
laws to render them effectual should be immedi-
ately adopted by Congress, and especially the pro-
visions of those laws which prohibit the import-
ation of African slaves into the United States. I
have further provided it as a recommendation to
all the States of this Union, that whereas laws
have been passed of an unconstitutional charac-
ter, (and all laws are of that characterwhich either
conflict with the constitutional acts of Congress,
or which in their operation hinder or delay the
proper execution of the acts of Congress,) which
laws are null and void, and yet, though null and
void, they have been the source of mischief and
discontent in the country, under the extraordi-
nary circumstances in which we are placed; I have
supposed that it would not be improper or unbe-
coming in Congress to recommend to the States,
both North and South, the repeal of all such acts
of theirs as were intended to control, or intended
to obstruct the operation of the acts of Congress,
or which in their operation and in their applica-
tion have been made use of for the purpose of such
hindrance and opposition, and that they will re-
peal these laws or make such explanations or cor-
rections of them as to prevent their being used
for any such mischievous purpose.
I have endeavored to look with impartiality
from one end of our country to the other; I have
endeavored to search up what appeared to me to
be the causes of discontent pervading the land;
and, as far as I am capable of doing so, I have
endeavored to propose a remedy for them. I am
far from believing that, in the shape in which I
present these measures, they will meet with the
acceptance of the Senate. It will be sufficiently
gratifying if, with all the amendments that the
superior knowledge of the Senate may make to
them, they shall, to any effectual extent, quiet the
country.
Mr. President,great dangers surround us. The
Union of these Stales is dear to the people of the
United States. The long experience of its bless-
ings, the mighty hopes of the future, have made it
dear to the hearts of the Ameiican people. What-
