1074
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 20,
Mr. FLORENCE. I do not, as I remarked
yesterday, participate in the fears which have
been expressed on this side of the House, that
the authority to build these steam sloops-of-war
savors of coercion; nor do I coincide with the
gentleman from Missouri, who has just taken his
seat, in the opinion that this is an extraordinary
measure. I believe I expressed the opinion be-
fore, that the unfortunate attack which has been
made on the Navy for two or three years past
would result in precisely the state of things that
now exists—the absolute dismantling of the
American Navy. I believe that, if we are to main-
tain this Government at ail, if it is regarded as
worthy of maintaining, this is the time, and this
is the manner, in which we should begin to rein-
state a sufficient force to maintain the glory and
the honor of our flag.
The gentleman refers to the cost of these ves-
sels as extravagant, involving an expenditure of
$3,000,000 before they are completed. I presume
they will involve an expenditure of $4,000,000
before they are set afloat. But the gentleman
should understand that the expenditure of that
amount of money is an economical proceeding for
the Government, when vessels of such light
draught will answer the purpose of the heavy-
armed vessels, costing $1,000,000 each, that are
-now employed for certain purposes. They will
answer the same purpose of the same number of
vessels of heavy draught, which cost the Gov-
ernment #7,000,000in their construction.
Mr.MA YNARD. Ifthegentleman from Penn-
sylvania will allow me, I would suggest the adop-
tion of an amendment by which these vessels shall
all be built at the Philadelphia navy-yard. Such
a provision would be sufficient to insure their not
being used for purposes of war or coercion for
the present. [Laughter.]
Mr. FLORENCE. Mr. Chairman, I have no
idea nor feai at all that, if the vessels are author-
ized to be built, at the proper time the Philadel-
phia navy-yard will not receive the proper con-
sideration at the hands of the next Administration,
for several reasons; and in the first place, because
the skill of the Philadelphia mechanics is so well
known to the Government and to the country,
as of itself to secure a proper consideration when
such vessels are to be built-by the Government;
and in the second place, I have every confidence
to believe that, although I shall not be upon this
floor, the able representation which that city will
have remaining in this House will insuic a proper
caie of the interests of Philadelphia. So far as
I am concerned, although departing from this
Hall, although lcaung these " gay and festive
scenes," [laughter,] my attention will still be
turned in this direction,and 1 shall ask those who
continue upon this floor to take all proper carc of
the interests of Philadelphia.
So much in reply to the gentleman from Ten-
nessee; for I am always glad to accord and to have
accorded to the mechanics of Philadelphia ciedit
and characterfor skill in the production of all the
various articles of manufacture that are produced
in that city.
Now, sir, I desire to say, as I was proceeding
to say when interrupted, that, if we intend to main-
tain this Government at all, if we intend to main-
tain our Navy at all, I contend that it is our duty
to proceed at once without delay to inaugurate
measures for x'einstating the vessels of war that
have been permitted to rot at the wharves, the
liavy-yards, and dock-yards of the country . But
I desired more especially to urge this particular
appropriation as a measure of economy, and that
these vessels should be commenced without fur-
ther delay. I will also remark, that the fears
entertained by the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr.
Garnbtt,] that they are to be used for purposes
of coercion,for the subjugation of southern States,
were ably and fully answered by his colleague,
[Mr. Millson,] when he stated the fact that it
would require eighteen months or two years to
build the engines to be placed in them, and that
the timber out of which they are to be built is some
of it still growing m the forest
I have no purpose of complaining, that for the
past two or three sessions the House has not
given credence to me when I have urged that more
timber should be supplied for the use of the navy-
yards of the country The event will show that
there is not timber enough now on hand to con-
strue! tiiese vessels; that more will have to be sup-
plied before these vessels, which are wanted for
immediate use to protect the honor and glory of
the American flag, can be constructed,
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. aUARLES. I propose to amend the
amendment of the Senate by inserting in the third
line, after the word " Navy," the words '^at
some of the navy-yards in the United States.
Mr. Chairman, I oppose the entire policy of
the amendment of the Senate, and shall vote
against it; but, if it is to be adopted, I desire that
it shall be perfected as nearly as possible. I do
not think that this is the time for increasing our
Navy. Our Treasury is not in a condition, as
stated by the gentleman from Missouri, to make
any addition to the expenses of the Government.
And it is particularly desirable that at this time
no act shall be done that may be construed as
looking to the adoption of a coercive policy upon
the part of the Government, thereby tending to
increase the excitement that now exists in the
country. ,
Sir, I desire that gentlemen will look at the atti-
tude in which we find ourselves on the incoming
of .a new Administration. .There remains of the
loan authorized in June last, not yet negotiated,
|13,978,000. You have authorized-, by the bill
passed the present session, loans to the amount
of 625,000,000 more. The loan bill attached to
the Mori ill tariff bill, provides for §21,000,000 in
addition, which, with the revenues to be collected
from customs, if the commerce of the country is
restored—estimated, under the new tariff bill, at
$60,000,000—will give the incoming Administra-
tion, in the first year of its existence, the control
of a revenue amounting in the aggregate of within
a few thousand dollars of $ 120,000,000.
Now, sir, what is the cause of this enormous
excess over the revenues usually provided ? If
gentlemen upon the other side administer the Gov-
ernment, as' they profess to be able to do, with
450,000,000, for what purpose have they pro-
vided the enormous excess of $70,000,000? Cer-
tainly they do not want it to be used in a time of
peace. Is it not wanted for war ? Will not that be
the construction the country will place upon it?
You have provided a revenue of $70,000,000 more
than you say is needed to carry oil the Govern-
ment. You have not done it by my vote or by
my assistance. You have done it against my pro-
test; but you have done it, and I repeat, what is
it fcr>
You have eighteen thousand soldieis of the reg-
ular Army in the field; and you have before the
House a bill [Mr. Stanton's] that will enable the
President to increase the military arm of the Gov-
ernment indefinitely.- You are providing, in the
bill now under consideration, for seven additional
war steamers. What does this mean ? Can gentle-
men quiet the country by saying it means peace ?
Suppose England sees France making warlike
preparations on this grand scale: will she be in-
duced to believe itis because France desires peace?
Suppose Russia or Austria suddenly enters upon
an immense increase of the military and naval
forces: will the Powers of Europe sit quietly by
and listen to her protestations that she means
nothing but peace? Gentlemen upon the other
side aie astonished that members from the south-
ern States should ask why this immense increase
of the Army and the Navy and of the icvenues
of the Government is necessary at this time.
Sir, the policy which all these measures would
indicate is wrong. If gentlemen mean to save the
country, if they desire peace and conciliation, this
is not the way lo bringit about Let me tell them
that it is just the way to diive the border States
out of the Union. If you had decided to drive
them out, you could not have pursued a policy
more directly calculated to produce that result.
Gentlemen may hypocritically sing peansto the
Union; they may tell us that they are willing to do
anything to save it; but when, instead of listening
to measures of compromise; instead of passing
measures of conciliation, they place in the hands
of the President of the United States the power
of establishing a military despotism, and also
place i;i his hands a levenue of sixty or seventy
11 million dollars more than is wanted to administer
' the Government, the country will know how to
appreciate their declarations that they mean
nothing but quiet and peace.
Mr. Chairman, I hope most sincerely the House
will reject this amendment of the Senate altogether;
but, if it is to be passed, I ask that they shall, at
least, provide that the ships to be built shall be
constructed in our own country. As the amend-
ment now stands, they may be built in any for-
eign country. 1 say, if the amendment is to be
adopted at all, I hope the House will accept my
amendment requiring the vessels to be built in our
own navy-yards.
Mr. MORSE. I wish to say a few words as
to the necessity which I think exists for the con-
struction of those vessels with all reasonable dis-
patch. I cannot understand why it is that, on the
other side of the House, it is so generally insisted
that this is a war measure. It appears to me that
these gentlemen do not properly represent their
own intelligence; for they must know it is hardly
possible for them to have sat here two years with-
out knowing something of the condition of this
important arm of the public service. They know,
then, that we have a number of small steamers
which are nearly worn out, and will in a short
time be totally unfit for thepublic service. These
vessels must be replaced by others, or we shall
soon be m great need of vessels of this class, and
shall have to keep on active duty first-class frig-
ates, which have to be sailed at three times the
cost of these small sloops; and these are not al-
ways suitable for the wants of the service. Then
it is known here, or ought to be, that we have
many sailing vessels,large and small, which ought
to be no longer depended on for active service,
but steamers substituted for them A survey has
been held on these old sailing ships, and then-
conversion into war steamers recommended. But,
sir, I venture to predict this recommendation
never will be carried into effect. No sane Con-
gress will ever appropriate money for such a pur-
pose. They would have to be remodeled, rebuilt,
and lengthened at each end; and when done will
not bo what the wants of the service require. All
our line-of-battle ships had better be sunk than the
experiment of trying to convert them into war
steamers attempted. Such an experiment would,
in my judgment, show neither economy nor wis-
dom.
Wc want these new sloops-of-war to take the
places of these sailing vessels. We can hardly
put these ships afloat and in commission in season
to take the place of these sailing vessels, as they
btcome unfit for use, withoutfurther repairs; and
I do not believe in either the economy or wisdom
of spending much more upon the most of them.
Mr. Q.UARLES. Does the gentleman object
to their being built in our navy-yards ?
Mr. MORSE. I presume they will be con-
structed there, as a matter of course, but have no
objection to one or two of them being put out on
contract. I do not want to amend the bill in that
particular or in any other, so that there may be
any necessity of sending it back to the Senate.
Mr. Q.UARLES. I rise to a point of order
The gentleman is not opposing my amendment.
The CHAIRMAN The gentleman's point
is well taken.
Mr. MORSE. I am opposed to the amend-
ment, because I do not want the bill to go back
to the Senate; and if the amendment of the gen-
tleman be adopted, it will of necessity cairy it to
that body again for its action. I should very
much like to amend the bill in two or tlnce par-
ticulars, but do not think it prudent to keep it
afloat-nny longer between the two bfcmches.
While the two great maritime Powers of Europe
are arming to the highest capacity of their skill
and means; while France, by the close of the next
month, will put three hundred rifled cannon upon
her iron-clad, shot and shell-proof ships of war;
and her great rival, England, is close upon her
track, if not side by side with her, gentlemen here
are proposing to do nothing,'not even to keep up
our present strength upon the sea. Gentlemen
upon this floor, foigettmg the necessities of the
nation in this particular, and their nationality,
resist our replacing old, worm-eaten, and nearly
worn-out ships by small steamships, such as are
barely necessary to keep up even an appearance
of respectability as a maritime Power, because
there is just now some political excitement in one
portion of the Union. For my part, 1 cannot
understand why this excitement, or revolution, if
you please, should bo considered by any one a
sufficient reason for a suppression of the powers
of this Government for self-defense and commer-
cial protection. 1 am unable to understand why
