114
-■ THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 18,
another, we stooj^quafrelin^about points of party'
politics; nliout questions which we attempted to
sanctify and to consecrate by appealing to our
conscience as the source of ihem? Are we to
allowsuch fearful catastrophies to occur while we
stand trifling away our time? While we stand
thtis,1 showing our inferiority't&'the great and
mighty dead, showing our inferiority to the high
positions which we occupy,* the country may oe
destroyed "and ruined; and to. the amazement of all
the world, the great Republic.may fall prostrate
and in'ruins, carrying with-it the very hope of
that liberty which, we have heretofore enjoyed;
carrying with it, in- place of the peace we have
enjoyed, nothing but revolution and havoc and
anarchy. Shall"it be said that we have allowed all
these evils to come upon our country, while we
were engaged in the petty and small disputes and
debates to which I have rcfem d ? Can it be that
our name is to rest in history with this everlast-
ing stigma and blot upon it?"
Sir, I wish to God it was in my power to pre-
serve this Union by renouncing dr agreeing to
give up every conscientious and other opinion. I
might not be able to discard it from my mind; I
am under no obligation to do that, i may retain
the opinion, bu* if I can do so great a good as to
preserve my country and gwe it peace, and its
institutions and its Union stability, I will forego
any action upon my opinions. Well now my
friends, [addressing the Republican Senators,] that
is all that is asked of you. Consider it well, and
I do not distrust the result. As to the rest of this
body, the gentlemen from the South, I would say
to them, can you ask more than this? Are you
bent on revolution, bent on disunion? God for-
bid it. I cannot believe that such madness pos-
sesses the American people. This gives reason-
able satisfaction, I can speak with confidence
only of my own State. Old Kentucky will be
satisfied with if, and she will stand by the Union
and die by the Union if this satisfaction be given.
Nothing shall seduce her. The clamor of no rev-
olution, the seductions and temptations of no rev-
olution, will tempt her to move one step. She
has stood always by the side of the Constitution;
she has always been devoted to if, and is this day.
Give her this satisfaction, and 1 believe all the
Suites of the South that are not desirous of dis-
union as a better thing than the Union and the
Constitution, will-be satisfied and will adhere
to the Union, and we shall go on again in our
great career of national prosperity and national
glory.
But, sir, it is not necessary for me to speak to
you of the consequences that will follow disunion.
Who of us is not proud of the greatness we have
achieved ? Disunion and separation destroy that
greatness. Once disunited, we arc no longer great.
The Hationw of the earth who have looked"upon
you asa formidable Power, a mighty Power, and
rising to untold and immeasurable greatness in
the future, will scoff at you. Your flag, that now
clairnsthe rcspectof the world, that protects Amer-
ican property in every port and harbor of the
world, that protects the rights of your citizens
every where, what will become of it? What be-
comes of its glorious influence? U is gone; and
with it the protection of American citizens and
property. To say nothing of the national honor
which it displayed to all the world, the protection
of your rights, the protection of your property
abroad is gone with that national flag, and we are
hereafter to conjure and contrive different flags
for our different republics according to the fever-
ish fancies of revolutionary patriots and disturbers
of the peace of the world. No, sir; I want to
follownosuchilag. I want to preserve the union
of my country. We have it in our power to do
so, and we are responsible if we do not do it.
/ do not despair of the Republic. When 1 see
before me Senators of so much intelligence and
so much patriotism, who have been so honored
by their country, sent here as the guardians of
that very union which is now in question, sent
^here as the guardians of our national rights, and
as guardians of that national flag, i cannot de-
spair; Icannotdespond. 1 cannot butbelieve that
they will find some means of reconciling and ad-
justing the rights of all parties, by concessions,
if necessary, so as to preserve and give more sta-
bility to the country and to its institutions.
Mr. President, I have occupied more-time than
I intended. My remarks were designed and con-
templated only to reach to an explanation of this
resolution.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Fitzpat-
RiCE.in the chair.) Does the Senator desire the
resolution to be read ?
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Yes, sir; 1 ask that it
be read to the Senate.
Mr. GREEN. The hour has arrived fcir the
consideration of the special order.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I desire to present this
resolution now to the Senate; and I ask that it
may be read and printed.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secretary
will report the resolution.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
A joint resolution (S.No.50) proposing certain amendments
to the Constitution of the United States.
Whereas serious and alarming dissensions have arisen
between the northern and southern States, concerning the
rights and secuiity oi'the lights of the elaveholding States,
and especially their rights m the common territory of the
United States ? and whcieas it is eminently desirable and
proper that these dissensions, which now tin eaten the very
existence of this Union, should be permanently quieted and
settled by constitutional provisions, which shall do equal
justice to all sections, and thereby restoie to the people
that peace and good-will which ought to prevail between
all the citizens oi the United State*; Therefore,
Ilesolved by the Senate and House of Representatives of
the United States of America in Congress assembled, (two
thiids ot both Houses concurring,) That the following arti-
cles be, and are hereby, proposed and submitted as amend-
ments to the Constitution ot the United States, which shall
be valid to all intents and purpose*, as pait of said Consti-
tution, when ratified by conventions of thiee fourths of the
seveiai States:
Article i. In all the territory of the United States now
held, or hereaiter acquired, situate north of latitude 36* 30',
slaveiy or involuntary servitude, except as a punishment
for crime, is piohibited while such tenitory shall remain
under tciritonal government. In all the territory south of
said line of latitude, slavery of the African race is hereby
recognized as existing, and shall not be interleied with by
Congress, hut shall he protected as property by all the de-
partment* of the temtoiial government during its contin-
uance. And when any Tenitory, noith or south oi said
line, within such boundaries o-s Congiess may prescribe,
shall contain the population lequisite lor a member of Con-
gress accoidmg to the then Federal ratio of representation
of the people of the United States, it shall, if its foim of
government-ho republican, be admitted into the Union, on
an equal footing with the original States, with oi without
slaveiy, as thu eonstiiiition ot Mich new State may provide.
Art. 0. Congress shall have no power to abolish slaveiy
in places under its exclusive jut i.c-diction, and situate within
the limits of States that peimit the holding of slaves.
Art. it. Congress shall have no power toaboli-h&laveiy
within the Distnet of Columbia, so long as it exists in the
adjoining States of Virginia and Maiyland, or either, nor
without the consent ot the inhabitant*, nor without just
compensation fust made to such on neis of slaves as do'not
consent to such abolishment. Nor shall Congress at any
time prohibit officers of the Fedeial Government, or mem-
bers of Congress, whose duties requne them to be m said
District, from bringing with them their slaves, and holding
them as such during the time their duties maviequire them
to remain there, and afterwards taking them' fioui the Dis-
tiict.
Art. 4. Congress shall have no power to prohibit orhin-
der the transportation of slaves from one State to another,
or to a Terntoiy in which slaves are by law permitted to
he hold, whether that transportation be l>y land, navigable
rivers, or by the sea.
Art. 5. That in addition to thf provisions of the thiid
paiagraph of the second section of the fouith article of the
Constitution ot the United States, Congiess shall have
povvei to provide by Jaw, and it shall be its duty so to pio-
vide, that the United States shall pay to the owner who
shall apply for it, the full value of his fugitive slave in all
eases when the marshal oi other otlieci who^e duty it was
to arrest said fugitive was prevented from so doing by vio-
lence or intimidation, or when, atter arrest, said lug.tive
was rescued byloree, and thoowm-i thereby piovented and
obstructed in the pursuit of his remedv for the recover?' of
his fugitive slave under the said clause of the Constitution
and the law* made m pursuance theieof. And i:i ail such
cases, when the United States shall pay for such fugitive,
they shall have the light, in.their own name, to sue the
county in which said violence, intimidation, oi rescue was
committed, and to recover fiom'it, with interest and dam-
ages, the amount paid by them for said fugitive slave. And
the said county,alter it has paid said amount to the United
States, may, for its indemnity, «aie and lecover tlom the
wronir doeis or rescuers by whom theownerwas prevented
from the recovery of lus fugitive slave, in like manner .as
the owner himself might have sued and recovered.
Art. 6. No futuie amendment of the Constitution shall
affect the five preceding articles; nor the third paragiaph
of the second section of the first article of the Constitution ;
nor the third paragraph of the second section ot the fouith
artiele of said Constitution ; and no amendment shall be
made to the Constitution which shall authorize or give to
Congress rjny power to abolish or interfere with slavery in
any of the States by whose laws it is, or may be, allowed
or permitted.
And whereas, also, besides those causes of dissension em-
braced in the foregoing amendments proposed to the Con-
stitution of the United States, there aio others, which come
within the jut Isdiction of Congress, and may be remedied
by its legislative power; and whereas it is the desire of
Congress, as far as its power will extend, to remove all just
caut-e for the popular discontent and agitation which now
disturb the peace of the country, and threaten the stability
of its institutions: Therefore,
1. Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives of
the United States of America in Congress assembled, 'I hat
the laws now in force for the rccoveiy of fugitive Slaves
are in strict pursuance of the plain and mandatory provis-
ions of the Constitution, and have been sanctioned as valid
and constitutional by the judgment of the Supieme Const
of the United States; that the slavefiolding States arc enti-
tled to the faithful observance and execution ot those laws,
and that they ought not to be repealed, or so modified or
changed as to impair their efficiency; and that laws ought
to be made for the punishment of those who attempt by-
rescue of the slave, or other illegal means, to hinder or
defeat the due execution of said laws.
9. That all State laws which conflict with the fugitive
slave acts of Congress, or any other constitutional acts of
Congiess, or which, in their operation, impede, hinder, or
delay the fiee course and dueexecution of any of said acts?
are null and void by the plain provisions of the Constitution
of the United States; yet those State laws, void as tiiey
are, have given color to ptactices, and led to consequences,-
which have obstructed the due administration and execu-
tion of acts of Congiess, and especially the acts for the de-
livery of fugitive slaves, and have theieby contributed much
to the discord and commotion now pievailing. Congress,
therefore, in the present perilous juncture, does not deem
it inipioper, respectfully and earnestly to recommend the
repeal ot those laws to the several States which have en-
acted them, or such legislative corrections or explanations
of them as may prevent their being used or perverted <o
such mischievous purposes.
3. That the actot the 18th of September, 1850. cormponly
called the fugitive s-.lave law, ought to be so amended as to
make the fee of the commissioner, mentioned in the eighth
seetionof the act,equal in amount in the cases decided by
him, whether his decision be m favor of or against the
claimant. And to avoid misconstruction, the last clause of
the fifth section of said act, which authorizes the person
holding a warrant for the ai rest or detention of a fugitive
slave, to summon to his aid the posse comitatus, and which
declaies it to be the duty of all good citizens to assist him
in its execution, ought to be*o amended as to expressly
limit the authority and duty to cases in which theie shall
he resistance or danger of resistance or rescue.
4. That the laws for the suppiession of the African slave
tiade, and especially those prohibiting the importation of
slaves in the United States, ought to be made effectual, and
ought to be thoioughly executed ; and all fuithei enact-
ments necessary to those ends ought to be piornptly made.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is upon ordering the resolution to be printed.
Mr. HALE. Mr. President 
Mr. GREEN. Will the Senator give way for
a moment? There is a special order for to-day—
the bill for the admission of Kansas in to the Union.
I do not desire to call it up to-day, but merely to
postpone it until next Tuesday.
Mr. IIALE. I propose to occupy the time of
the Senate but a very few minutes, and I 
Mr. GREEN. There will be no debate on the
bill.
Mr. COLLAMER. I take it, sir, the special
order must be cabled up, whether a Senator has.
the floor or not; it is before the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire yield the floor to the
Senator from Missouri ?
Mr. HALE. No, sir.
Mr. GREEN. I call for the special order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It becomes the
duty of the Chair to announce as the first busi-
ness in order the bill of the House of Represent-
atives No. 23, for the admission of Kansas into
the Union, and that bill is now before the Senate.
Mr. GREEN. Then I move to postpone it
until Tuesday next at one o'clock.
Mr. COLLAMER. I wish to surest to the
gentleman the efl'ect of that motion. Next Tues-
day will be Christmas day, and we shall not be
in session. Let us say Wednesday.
Mr. GREEN. I have got a special order for
Wednesday—territorial business.
Mr. COLLAMER. Say Monday.
Mr. GREEN. Very well; I will say Monday
next. „
Mr. COLLAMER. Mr.President, when this
bill was made the special order for to-day, the
gentleman gave notice that he should probably
have cause to move a postponement of it. 1 do
not propose to take time with it, but I merely
wish it understood now, once for all, as regards
this postponement to Monday next, that at that
time the subject will be disposed of.
Mr. HALE. Next Monday?
Mr. COLLAMER. Yes, sir; that next Mon-
day there will be definite action upon it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator from Missouri insist 011 his motion to post-
pone the further consideration of the bill until
Tuesday next?
Mr. GREEN. Not at all; I am perfectly will-
ing to agree to Monday.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is moved to
postpone the further consideration of the bill to
