1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ms
this excitement is a sufficient reason for shutting
up our navy-yards and not keeping our Navy on
a respectable peace footing. These gentlemen ask
too much when they demand that a great nation,
with its five hundred million tons of shipping
claiming protection, shall suspend its powers until
they are ready to permit it to go on again.
I am not exactly satisfied with the bill. If it
were not for endangering it, I would provide for
a gradual increase and improvementof the Navy
by authorizing the construction of three new ships
every year, some of them to be covered with iron
armor, and made ball and shell-proof. We are,
I am very sorry to say, sir, only beginning where
our great commercial rivals are leaving off. The
best intelligence from England and France war-
rant us in the belief that it will not be two years
before those powerful nations will have their en-
tire fighting navies clad in iron armor, and made
ball and shell proof ata distance of over four hun-
dred yards. A ball from a rifle-cannon, thrown
at a distance of four hundred yards, will not take
effect upon these iron-clad vessels, while the same
balls thrown from the same gun would sink any
ship we have at a distance of five thousand yards.
The extraordinary attention now devoted to naval
warfare by the great maritime Powers, and the
great perfection and strength to which they are
^advancing, demand that this small appropriation
should be made willingly and at once, without a
moment's hesitation. Why is it that England
and France are now arming at all points as they
are doing, in the most effective manner, by the
use of rifled cannon and powerful, iron-clad war
steamers? England has over four hundred steam-
ers to our dozen or two, and upon many of them
she is placing iron armor. France has over one
hundred small sloops-of-war and twenty frigates,
which she is clothing m ball-proof armor. If one
of those frigates could take position midst our
entire naval fleet, unless we carried her by board-
ing and siezure, we should have to haul down
our flag and surrender; for she could remain at
such a distance as to be unaffected by our shots,
while, under her shield of iron and with her rifled
guns, she could in time sink our entire fleet and
come almost harmless out of the fight
I have no time left me to say anything about
the question of war. My own opinion, however,
is that we shall have no war. I do not believe
that all common sense, and all humanity, have
entirely left the American people. All this cry
of war, which nobody designs, is for effect else-
where than here. The future will prove, let ex-
cited men here say what they will, that when the
southern States determine that we can live no
longer together in pcace and harmony, we shall
separate in peace. But, until that result is clearly,
deliberately, and decisively reached, they must j
not interfile with the jurisdiction of this Govern- 1
ment over its own property. They must cease
their forays upon the nation's property, and sur-
render the spoils until we can proceed calmly to
a settlement in some manner hereafter to be
pointed out. If they all say that they must go
out, that we can dwell no longer together in peace,
then I say, with my fiiend fiom Ohio, [Mr. Stan-
ton,] go in peace; that the time has come when
there must be a peaceable separation instead of a
violent separation by o cruel and useless war
[Here the hammer fell.]
The question was taken on Mr. Q,uarles's
amendment; and it was rejected.
Mr. SHERMAN". I presume that every mem-
ber is now prepared to vote on this amendment
of the Senate; and I move, therefore, that the com-
mittee rise, with a view to tciminuting debate on
it.
Mr. BRANCH I desire to offer an amend-
ment.
Mr. SHERMAN. The gentleman can do that
when we again go into committee.
Mr. BRANCH. But I want to make an ex-
planation of it. U is an amendment recommended
by the Navy Department.
Mr. SHERMAN, i insist on my motion. We
are all tired of this debate
The question was taken; and the motion was
agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Colfax reported that the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
had, according to order, had the Union generally
under consideration, and particularly the amend-
ments of the Senate to the Navy appropriation
bill, and had come to no resolution thereon.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that all debate in
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union on the pending Senate amendment to the
Navy appropriation bill be terminated within five
minutes after its consideration shall be resumed.
That will afford lime for the gentleman from North
Carolina to explain his amendment.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the rules be
suspended, and the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
The House thereupon resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Colfax in the chair.)
Mr. BRANCH. I move to strike out the first
part of the amendment to, and including, the word
" specified," and to insert, m lieu thereof, the fol-
lowing :
For aitenng into steamships those sailing vessels which
have been rcpoitetf by a boaid or olhcers to be lit for the
same.
Mr. Chairman, at the last session of Congress,
both Houses ordered a commission to be appointed
by the Secretary of the Navy, to make a survey
of the sailing ships of the Navy, and to repoit
which ones might properly and profitably be con-
verted into steamers. That board was appointed
and made its report They recommended certain
ships-of-the-line to be converted into steamers. I
have before me the report of that board. I will
read an extract from it. It is as follows:
cc The present steam frigates of the Minnesota elans, cai-
rying mixed batteries of eight and nine inch suns, ftuty in
all, eoht. on an a^eu^c, $725,000 cach, including the steam
machinery. It the Ime-oi'-liaule ship* be not convert* d as
piopoeed, the value ot the labor and n .iteri:ils j ('presented
m their piesent condition u .11 be lo->t. We have teen that
the co-r of the converted fri«ato>, eonipaied with that ot
new ones of nut gr< ally dificring battel y and tpeed, will be
us $383,000 to $7->,),0U0; and the disparity becomes still
grcatw when there is added, as there should be, the present
value of the mateiiaH and laboi in the old hne-of-battle
phips which cannot be estimated, m lh« a^ure«ate. at less
than $1,250,000, neaily all of which will be lost, if not
utilized as ptopo-ed.
'• We are theretoie of opinion that, in view of the con,
condition, model, and iienoial chatacter of the vessels after
conversion, it is expedient to convert the above named
line-ot-battle-ships into steamers, in the manner proposed ;
and, we believe, they will prove to be cfiiciont steamships
of war of full steam powei."
The Secretary of the Navy, in commenting in
his annual report upon that paper, uses the fol-
lowing language:
" I concur in the measure which they piopose. as, in the
event of wai, no one. o! the^e Ime-ol-battle ship-, in the
pie-cnt state of *team navigation, could go to &oa with a
reasonable degree of s aiet\
The board reported, as will bo seen, that one of
these line-of-battle ships could be converted for
§383,000, while a frigate would cost $>723,000.
The sailing ships which it is proposed to convert,
are, iu their present condition, useless to the Navy.
In the present condition of the public Treasury,
as a measure of economy, it seems to me it would
be better to convert some of these old sailing ships,
at a cost of §,'J83,000 each, than to build new frig-
ates of the same class, at a cost of ^725,000 each;
and more especially, when we have heard it stated
throughout this debate that if we authorized these
new steamers to be built there is no timber in the
navy-yards out of which to build them; that the
timber is yet to be cut and seasoned and put into
the ships. The old sailing ships now lying use-
less in the navy-yards could be converted without
difficulty; and when tlmt couiso meets with the
recommendation of a board of naval officers ap-
pointed under the direction of Congress, and at
the same time by the Secretary of the Navy, I
would like to hear somereason given why, instead
of having these six vessels converted, they are to
be left to rot, while this appropriation is made to
build these new steamers.
Mr. M1LLSON. The gentleman misunder-
stands the matter altogether. In the first place,
there is no necessity for a specific appropriation
to enable the Secre tai y of the N avy to con vert these
vessels; but he may do this under another pro-
vision of the bill. In the next place, this is a dif-
ferent class of steamers altogether; and, in the third
place, the Secretary recommends both measures,
and not one as the alternative for the other.
Mr. BRANCH. According to my reading of
this bill, there is no appropriation made under
which these sailing vessels could be converted. I
imagine that no Secretary of the Navy would go
on and convert them without a specific appropri-
ation by Congress. , .
In tjje next place, the gentleman gays they are
of different classes; and that brings us to the very
gist of the whole reason. The steamer frigates
cannot get into southern harbors; and therefore,
are useless for purposes of coercion. The new
steamers which it is proposed we shall authorize
to be built, are of a draft of water limited to that
draft which will enable them to enter southern
harbors The gentleman from Virginia has given
what I imagine is the true reason for building new
steamers at double cost, in preference to convert-
ing the old ships you already have, and which are
suitable for conversion, at one half the cost of
building now ones.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The question was talcen on Mr Branch's
amendment; and it was not agreed to.
The Senate amendment was then concurred in.
Nineteenth amendment:
See. 10. Jlnd be it further enacted, That so much of an
act entitled " An act making appropriations for the naval
service for the year ending 30th of June, 1855," approved
August 5,1854, as requires the naval agent at San Fran-
cisco to discharge'tile duties of purser as well as of navy
agent, be, and the same is hereby, repealed. ^
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended a concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the bill and
amendments be laid aside temporarily, so that we
may take up the Indian appropriation bill, in or-
der that it may be pending when we go into com-
mittee again
By unanimous consent, the Indian appropria-
tion bill was taken up
Mr. SHERMAN. I now move that the com-
mittee rise, and report the Navy bill to the House.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Colfax reported that the
committee had, according to order, had under con-
sideration the Senate amendments to the bill of the
House (No. 914) making appropriations for the
naval service for the year ending June 30, 1862;
and had directed him to report the same to the
House, some with a concurrence, some without
concurrence, and others as concurred in, with
amendments; and that the committee had had un-
der consideration the Indian appropriation bill,
and had come to no conclusion thereon.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union have concurred
in all the amendments of the Senate, except two,
and they are of an unimportant character. One
relates to Lieutenant Gillis, and the other to a re-
peal of a section of a law passed last winter. I
shall therefore move, in order to avoid any fur-
ther delay, and for the purpose of relieving my-
self from this bill, to concur in all the Senate
amendments.
Mr. PHELPS. I desire a separate vote upon
the eighteenth amendment of the Senate.
Mr. SHERMAN. Certainly, gentlemen can
have a separate vote upon any amendments they
desire.
No objection being made, all the amendments
of the Senate, with the exception of the eighteenth,
were concurred in.
The question recurred upon the eighteenth
amendment; which was as follows:
Sec. 9 Jlnd, te it further enacted, That the Secretary
of the Navy be, and he is hereby, authorized to cause to
be constructed tor the United States Navy, at as early a
day as practicable, having due regard to efficiency and
economy, seven steam screw sloops-of-war ot the second
class, as vessels are rated in the Navy, with full steam
power, whose greatest draught of water shall not exeeed
fourteen feet, whieli sloops shall combine the heaviest arm-
ament and greatest speed compatible with their character
and tonnage; and tor the purpose above specified the sum
of SI,200,000 be, and the same is hereby, appropriated out
of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated,
to be expended under the direction of the Secretary of the
Navy.
Mr. PHELPS demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 112, nays 38; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Charles F. Adams, Adrain, Aldrich, Al-
len. Alley, William C. Anderson, Ashley, Barr, Bingham,
Blake, Biayton, Briggs, Bnstovv, Bufftnton, Burlinganie,
Burnham. Butterfield, Campbell, Carey, Carter, Case, Co-
burn, Clark B. Cochrane, John Cochrane, Colfax, Conkling,
Conway, Cox, Curtis, Dawes, Delano, Dnell, Dunn, Edger-
ton, Edvv ards, Eliot,lily, Farn&woith, Fenton, Ferry, Flor-
