1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
115
provide for the admission of Kansas into- the
Union until Monday next.
Tiie .motion was agreed to.
Mr. HALE. Mr. President, whatever may be
thought of the wisdom or the expediency of the
remedies proposed by the honorable Senator from
Kentucky 
Mr. DOUGLAS. I do not wish to interfere
with the Senator from New Hampshire, but as
we have been acting upon the rules of the Senate,
and as there is another special order taking pri-
ority, I think it but proper that that should be
taken up, so as to preserve the regularity of pro-
ceedings. The Senator from Tennessee [Mr.
Johnson] is entitled to the floor on another special
order. I tried to get it, but failed. He certainly
is entitled to it, unless he waives his right.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
remark to the Senator from New Hampshire that
there is no question before the Senate. The busi-
ness upon which he proposed to found some
remarks was superseded by the special order
assigned for one o'clock to-day.-
Mr. HALE. That \ as postponed.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Yes, sir; and
there is no question now before the Senate, and it
becomes the duty of the Chair to call up the spe-
cial order indicated by the Senator from Illinois,
which is the resolution offered by the Senator
from Kentucky.
Mr. HALE. Will the Chair be good enough
to say how many special orders there are, so that
we can dispose of them all at once ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair is
not aware of the number of special orders on the
Calendar.
Mr. HALE. I move to postpone them all.
Mr. YULEE. I suggest that we postpone the
special order for a few moments by general con-
sent.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
state thatthere is no other special order for to-day.
Mr. HALE. Then I move to postpone it until
to-morrow.
Mr. BIGLER. Do I understand the Senator
from New Hampshire to move to postpone the
consideration of the resolution of tEe Senator from
Kentucky ? 1 hope the Senator from New Hamp-
shire will withdraw that motion.
Mr. HALE. Have I the floor, Mr. President5
- The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from New Hampshire is entitled to the floor.
Mr. HALE. Then, sir, I will submit the very
few remarks I propose to make upon that motion,
and I do not propose to say much; very little.
What I propose to say relates to the proposition
of the honorable Senator from Kentucky. I was
about to say whatever ljiight be thought of the
wisdom 
Mr. DOUGLAS. I rise to a question of order.
My object is not to embarrass the Senator from
New Hampshire, but I think it 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire yield the floor?
Mr. HALE. Only upon a question of order.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I rise to a question of order.
I rose simply to'preserve the order of business.
If the Senate proposes to postpone it, very well;
but I understand the motion to postpone is not
a debatable question. As regards the priority of
business, I suppose theunfinished business comes
up, and the Senator from Tennessee is entitled to
the floor, unless he waives it. 1 am billing to
postpone it if it is the wish of the Senate, but I
want the order of business preserved according to
the rule.
Mr. HALE. On the question of order, I would
like to have the judgment of the Chair whether a
motion to postpone is debatable.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understands that the rule has been construed not
to allow discussion upon the merits of the ques-
tion; but it has been usual in the Senate to allow
the Senator time to state his reasons why he wants
the order postponed; and in that view the Sena-
tor can do so.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. To relieve the
Senate from the difficulty in which it seems to be
involved, I think the business had better come up
in regular order. I am entitled to the floor when
that comes up; and if the Senator desires to con-
sume but a few minutes, I will yield him the floor
for a short time.
Mr. HALE. I am much obliged to the Senator.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is in order
for the Senator from New Hampshire to state the
reasons why he wants it postponed.
Mr. HALE. "The reason why I wish it post-
poned is this 
Mr. JOHNSON, ofTennessee. I want to know
how the Senator from New Hampshire got the
floor to make the motion, when I was upon the
floor?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Thatquestion
was not made by the Senator from Tennessee,
and the Senator rose from his seat and was recog-
nized by the Chair. According to strict parlia-
mentary rule, the Senator from Tennessee, when
the regular business is up, is entitled to the floor.
Mr. HALE. Well, sir, he may take it.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. The Senator
from New Hampshire perhaps did not understand
me. I wanted business to proceed in its regular
order; and then I said I would waive a few mo-
ments of my time if. he wished to say anything
to the Senate.
Mr. HALE. Oh, I do not know that I care
about it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Tennessee is entitled to the floor.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I beg leave to ask the
Senator from Tennessee to allow me simply to
have a motion made for printing the resolutions
I have offered.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. Certainly.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I believe that has already
been done.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understands that that motion has been agreed to,
and the resolutions have been ordered to be
printed.
Mr. HALE. No, sir, that question was not
put.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. I believe the
Senator from New Hampshire is right. The
motion was not put. Does the Senator from
Tennessee yield the floor to allow the Senator
from Kentucky to have the question taken upon
the motion to print his resolutions?
Mr. JOHNSON, ofTennessee. Certainly.
Mr. TRUMBULL. There is some confusion
here, occasioned by the attempt to enforce strictly
the rules of the Senate. Now, if the Senate will
indulge me for one moment, I will state how I
think it may be obviated. The hour for calling
up the special order passed while the Senator
from Kentucky was on the floor, every one de-
siring to hear him conclude his lemarks. The
Senator from New Hampshire has but a word to
say, as I understand, and the Senator from Ten-
nessee is quite willing that he should say it. It
seems to me that as we have passed the hour, the
Senator fromNew Hampshire might be permitted
to suy his word or Uvo, and we go on regularly
with the business. \Ve have already lost more
time in this attempt to enforce the strict rule than
it would have taken to hear him twice over, as I
understand him. I hope the Senate will allow
him to say the few words he wishes to say, ["cer-
tainly,"] and then the Senator from Tennessee
will proceed, as I understand he is willing that
the Senator from New Hampshire should pursue
that course.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I stated dis-
tinctly that I would consent to that.
Mr. DOUGLAS. There is nobody objecting
to the Senator from New Hampshire nowspeak-
ing but himself. The Senator from Tennessee
has yielded the floor to him, no other Senator ob-
jects, and he himself is the only man thatobjects
now to his speaking. [Laughter.]
Mr. HALE. Well, Mr. President, I am ex-
ceedingly obliged to the Senate, and to the hon-
orable Senator from Tennessee, and to the hon-
orable Senates from Illinois; but I am afraid that
there has been so much fuss about my getting on
the floor that expectations may have been excited
that I propose to make a speech, when I do not in-
tend any such thing; but 1 simply rose in my place
for the purpose of saying that whatever might be
thought of the wisdom, or the practicability, or
the expediency of the remedy suggested by the
honorable Senator from Kentucky, [Mr. Crit-
tenden,] nobody would doubt the purity of his
motive, the integrity, the disinterestedness, and
the fervor of his patriotism. Everybody accords
to him that, whatever may be thought of the
value or the practicability of the remedy he pro-
poses, and I do not propose to discuss it. 1 rise
for a simple purpose, which I will state.
A few davs.since when the honorable Senator
from New York [Mr. King] proposed an amend-
ment to the resolution introduced by the hon-
orable Senator from Kentucky, [Mr. Pow.eilt]
and the honorable Senator from Connecticut, not
now in his seat, [Mr. Foster,] made, serine re-
marks expressive of his sympathy with the vifcws
of the Senator from New York, an honorable
Senator from Louisiana, now in my eye, [Mr.
Benjamin,] arose, and I thought with great per-
tinency and propriety suggested that, for the pur-
pose of informinghimself as to the state of public
sentiment here, and among the people that we
represent, he desired to know—I cannot state his
very words; but I think I state the substance of
what he said,.and if I do not, I should be glad to
be corrected—-lie desired to know what was in-
tended by the motion of the honorable Senator
from New York; and further than that, in a like
spirit of candid inquiry, seeking for information
at that time, he would like also to have the views
of the Senator from Connecticut, upon the same
subject. Now, sir, I stand here in precisely that
situation; seeking for information.
1 listened last week, with a good deal of pleas-
ure, to the long, able, erratic speech of the dis-
tinguished Senator from Texas, right before me,
[Mr. Wigfall.] If it had no other merit—and
I do not mean to say that it had not a great many
others—it was explicit. I understood it; I un-
derstood what he wants, -what he expects, what
he demands; and the way it was put to us was
that we, northern men representing the success-
ful party—he appealed to several of us here whom
he designated as representative men, and even
went so low as to name so humble an individual
as myself among them—he said we must go home
and teach our people -certain things. I do not
remember all that he said; I have a general im-
pression of it, and I suppose his words can be
found in the chronicles of the body—reported in
the Globe.
I have also listened to the honorable Senator
from Kentucky [Mr. Crittenden] to-day; and
from my recollection of the speech of the honor-
able Senator from Texas, and comparing it with
that of the honorable Senator from Kentucky to-
day, I should judge, as the old theologians say,
that they do not belong to the same "see" of pol-
itics. The demands which are put forth to-day
as being sufficient to producc quiet, restore har-
mony, and preserve " this glorious Union," are
of an entirely different character from those pro-
posed by the honorable Senatorfrom Texas. The
honorable Senator from Texas spoke for the Union
wing of his party. My desire is to know which
of these two distinguished Senators represents
the demands that are to be made upon our people
at home in order to secure this Union; because it
has been said, and well said, that we cannot do it
here; it must be done by our people. Well, sir,
in the communication which Ihave with the peo-
ple that I represent, when I talk to them and rep-
resent to them that if they accede to the proposi-
tions and demands made by thg honorable Senator
from Kentucky to-day, the Union may be pre-
served and harmony restored, and some one then
gets up and flings in my face the eloquent-speech
of the Senator from Texas, altogether different in
its demands, and covering a vastly broader field
of concession, I want to know whether then I
may be permitted to say,'' the honorable Senator
from Kentucky represents the real, genuine, bona
fide sentiments of the Union-loving people of the
South; and the honorable Senator from Texas,
where he differs from him, does not;" or shall 1
be compelled to say that the patriotic effusion of
the honorable Senator from Kentucky is simply
the effusion of his own benevolent and patriotic
heart, but does not embody the demands and sen-
timents of the southern people, and that they are
more correctly presented in the speech of the hon-
orable Senator from Texas ?
Now, sir,this is whatl want to know—not that
I wish to flatter gentlemen that either the one or,
the other will be acceptable to the people whom
I represent. I do not know. The honorable Sen-
ator from Texas says he never gives his opinion
unless it is asked; and not then, unless he is paid,
or expects to be paid for it. [Laughter.] Well,
sir, my opinion has not been asked, nor do I
expect any pay.
