1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
lOtf
with the public interest, what at present are our relations
vvitn the Republic of Peiu.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. (Mr. Green in
the chair.) If there be no further petitions and
memorials, the next order of business will be
reports from committees.
Mr. POLK. If there is nothing else before the
Senate, I move to take up Senate bill No. 548, for
the relief of Joseph Clymer, of the State of Mis-
souri.
Mr. WADE. I hope no private bill will be
taken up at this time. There is unfinished busi-
ness of the morning hour of yesterday. That is
regularly in order; and I hope the Senate will take
that up and finish it, and not take up private bills.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Amotion to
take up a private bill is in order, and it depends
upon the sense of the Senate whether they will
take it up or not.
Mr. WADE. 1 inquire whether the unfinished
business of the morning hour nf yesterday is not
the first thing in order, and does it not requite
that that shall be set aside before we can take up
anything else?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Not at all. A
motion to take up anything else is perfectly in
order.
Mr. WADE. I hope it will not be taken up.
Mr. GWIN. I should like the Senate to take
up a resolution which I offered the other day, to
extend the morning hour to one o'clock. That
will enable us to get clear of a great deal of mis-
cellaneous business, and then go on with the ap-
priation bills at one o'clock.
Mr. POLK. I yield for that purpose.
Mr. KING. 1 supposed wc were to go on with
the bill of the Senator from Ohio.
Mr. GWIN. If we extend the morning hour
to one o'clock, wc shall certainly get through
with it to-day; and then we can go on with the
appropriation bills
Mr. KING. Let the resolution lie over.
Mr. GWIN. It was offered some days ago.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It has lain
over the proper time, and is now subject to the
order of the Senate. It will be read.
The Secretary read it, as follows;
Revolved, That, for tile lesidue of tile session, tlie special
or general oideis of the day shall not be called until one
o'clock.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hope that will not be
passed; because, if there is anything up at twelve
o'clock any day that it is deemed advisable to
continue, we can continue it by a vote at the time;
but it will only embarrass us, at this period of
the session, to extend the morning hour to one
o'clock by a vote.
Mr. GWIN. We have acted on all the ap-
propriation bills, except three. Two of these
will come up to-day, and be acted on; the Post
Office appropriation bill is not yet reported; and
if the Senate will agree to this resolution, we can
dispose of all our business before the session
closes, by using these two hours for general busi-
ness, and the remainder of the day—three hours to
five o'clock—we can have for the appropriation
bills.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If there is anything of im-
portance before us any day at twelve o'clock, we
can continue it just as well without passing this
resolution. I think we had better leave the rule
as it is, and then at twelve o'clock we can post-
pone the special order, if it is deemed proper to
do so.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the passage of the resolution.
Mr. BINGHAM. On taking it up.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
is correct. The question is on taking up the reso-
lution just read by the Secretary, to extend tjie
morning hour to one o'clock.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. If I am in order, I desire
to move to take up the bill for the relief of the
heirs of Jean A. B. Dauterive.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is a mo-
tion pending; and until that is disposed of no other
motion can be received.
Mr. WADE. I want to understand the order
of business and the ruling of the Chair
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator from Kentucky yield to the Senator from
Ohio ?
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I wish to have my
inquiry answered. 1 am very desirous to take up
the bill which was postponed yesterday on ac-
count of my unavoidable absence.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
must inform the Senator that there is a motion
pending; and while that motion is pending no
other motion will be in order
Mr. WADE. I rise to a question of order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
will state his point of order.
Mr. WADE. The unfinished business of the
morning hour of yesterday, was the bill from the
House of Representatives in relation to the postal
service; and, now that petitions and reports are
over, I suppose that is the first business 111 order;
and it requires a vote of the Senate to postpone
that and take up something else. I suppose that
is the business that naturally comes up Am I
right?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
overrules the point of order.
Mr. WADE. I appeal from the decision of
the Chair.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. An appeal hav-
ing been taken from the decision of the Chair, the
question is: "Shall the decision of the Chair stand
as the judgment of the Senate?"
Mr. BRAGG. I should like to vote understand-
ingly about this matter. It depends altogether on
my understanding of the usage of the Senate as to
how I shall vote upon it. I should like to know
whether there is any rule as to unfinished busi-
ness of the morning hour.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. None.
Mr. BRAGG. I should like some Senator who
has had more experience than I have had about
that matter to inform me whether there is any
unfinished business of the morning hour.
Mr. BIGLER. Let us have the question stated.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It has been decided at
least forty times this session, by the President of
the Senate, and by temporary Chairmen repeat-
edly, that the unfinished business of the morning
hour catne up as of course the next day.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
beg leave to state to the Senate that during the
morning hour the first thing in order is the pre-
sentation of petitions and memorials, or the mak-
ing of motions. We have not yet exhausted that
hour with motions; and until that hour has been
exhausted, according to the ordinary rule, no un-
finished business can be called up, as matter of
right, exccpt on motion.
'Mr. CRITTENDEN. I understand that the
bill which 1 propose to take up was taken up yes-
terday morn mg.underaspecial order made the day
preceding, for it to be taken up at half past eleven
o'clock. When that hour arrived, and for five or
ten minutes afterwards, 1 was absent. It was taken
up, and on account of my absence was laid aside
only informally, which I understand to mean
that it docs not lose its position, but when called
up will be acted upon as the regular order. This
business took precedence and excluded it during
the whole of yesterday, and now it is supposed
it is to take precedence again.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
infoim the Senator that when half past eleven
o'clock arrives, it will be time enough to raise
that point. In the mean time, a motion has been
made, which motion is now pending.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The way 1 have under-
stood the practice—and that is the ground, I sup-
pose, on which the appeal is taken—is that the un-
finished business of the morning hour one day,
comes up in the morning hour the next day. Sup-
poes aquestion arises here on the presentation of a
memorial; suppose that on the first memorial that
was presented yesterday, a question was raised
on its reception, and the whole morning hour was
occupied in debate on that question of reception,
and the hour expired and it was left as the unfin-
ished business: I should like to know if that very
memorial would not come up as the first thing
this morning, as the unfinished business of the
morning hour yesterday ?
Mr. HUNTEPi. I suggest to the Senator from
Maine that such is undoubtedly the practice of the
Senate; but there is no morning hour, according
to the rule. We have been working in that way
by general consent; but it does not make much
difference, as a majority can take up anything;
and therefore, the Chair is right in deciding that
the motion made must first be decided. If there
is a majority for going on with the business which
the Senatdr from Ohio desires to have taken up,
let them vote that motion down; and then the same
majority can take up his bill. There is no incon-
venience in that.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have always understood
tharthe uniform usage controlled
Mr. HUNTER. The usage is as the Senator
states. . t
Mr. FESSENDEN. The usage is precisely as
I stated; and it is admitted by the Senator from
•Virginia. That has been the uniform usage; it
has been decided forty times this very session, by
the President of the Senate, that the unfinished
business of the morning hour is the first business
in the next morning hour.
Mr. HUNTER. That is the practice.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Precisely. It has been
decided that that was the practice.
Mr. FOSTER. I dislike to enter into these
discussions in respect to theorder of business; for
of all the unprofitable modes of consuming time
in this body, I think that is one of the most pe-
culiar, and is getting to be one of the most com-
mon. I think, however, that the decision of tJhe
Chair is right, with one exception. The Chair,
at a particular hour in the morning, would not
call up anything that was the unfinished business
of yesterday in the morning hour, unless it had
been assigned for that time. For instance., the
unfinished business generally of the morning hour
yesterday, the Chair would not call' up during the
morning hour to-day, unless there was a pause
in the business of the Senate. So long as airy
motion which can be entertained by the Chair is
made, it is the duty of the Chair to entertain it,
and of a majority of the Senate to dispose of it;
but if there is a pause in the business, the Chair
then calls up the unfinished business of the morn-
ing hour. The case put by my friend from Maine,
I submit, is not the piactice of the Senate. He
stated a very strong case—one that I do not re-
member to have occurred—the presentation of a
memorial in the morning hour, and a question
in regard to its admissibility raised, and that
question discussed through the whoie morning
hour  *
Mr. WADE. If the Senator will yield, I see
that my appeal is going to make more trouble than
I supposed; and if there is a diversity of opinion
about it, I withdraw it. I thought it was the
dearest case that ever came up, according to our
practice. I know I am right on the practice.
Tim! is all I profess to know about it; for I never
studied the rules much, and 1 nqyer wish to do so.
Now, if the Senator will 'Permit me, I will with-
draw the appeal, and endeavor to get my bill up
by a direct vote of the Senate.
Mr. FOSTER. I will finish the sentence that
I was engaged in, with the leave of the Senator.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. By common
consent, the Senator from Ohio can withdraw the
appeal.
Mr. FOSTER. I will consent as soon as I have
finished the sentence; till then I claim that it shall
stand. The case put by the Senator from Maine
was, as I have said, that of a petition being pre-
sented m the morning hour, and a discussion on
its admissibility, occupying the whole hour, and
attlieexpiration of that hour, other business taken
up; and he asks then, whether that will not be the
fii st business in order the next morning, as the.
unfinished business of the day before, to the ex-
clusion of everything else. I say not. i say that
when the Senate is opened by the Presiding Offi-
cer the next morning, any motion will be in order.
Any gentleman who is recognized by the Chair
can make a motion, and the Chair will entertain
it; and until all motions that can properly be en-
tertained by the Chair are made and disposed of,
the Chair will not call up that or any other busi-
ness until the morning hour has expired, and then
he will call up the order of the day.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. As I wish to
make some reports, I move to lay the question of
order on the table.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is with-
drawn; and the motion pending is the motion of
the Senior from California to take up a resolu-
tion indicated by lum concerning the extension
of the morning hour Does the Senator from
California yield'
Mr. GWIN. Yes, sir.
