1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
117
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. Mr. President,
I must say that I did not expect the Senator from
New Hampshire to make quite so extensive a
draw upon my time. He only desired a few mo-
ments, seemingly by way of explanation, as I
understood; and he has consumed well nigh one
hour. It is now nearly two o'clock.
Mr. HALE. I beg pardon.
Mr. 3 OHNSON, of Tennessee. I have a sug-
gestion to make to the Senate. I am exceedingly
anxious that this committee should be appointed,
and that the work should be commenced. We,
at least, ought to make an effort to save the coun-
try, if we can, and I am unwilling to occupy an
attitude that \jould seem to delay or postpone any
action that could be had by that committee. If
it woifld meet the pleasure of the Senate, I would
propose that the resolution appointing the com-
mittee be adopted, let the reference of the Presi-
dent's message be made, and then let the joint
resolution which I introduced, proposing amend-
ments to the Constitution, come up and take the
place of it; and those who want to make speeches
on this subject, can make them on that joint res-
olution as legitimately as on the pending resolu-
tion. That will save time. It will show the
country that we are willing to go to work. The
other resolution can take the same place and open
the field of discussion as wide as any one can
desire. I hope there will be no objection to the
adoption of the resolution appointing the com-
mittee.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I hope that course will be
pursued. I think it will expedite business. I, for
one, intend to address the Senate on this subject,
and I should be p;lad to expedite business by the
appointment of U e committee; and I hope there
will be unanimous consent to that course.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. If the resolu-
tion be adopted with the understanding that the
joint resolution shall then come before the Senate
and take its place, the committee can have all the
propositions Before them, and make some progress
in the work.
Mr. COLLAMER. I merely suggest to the
gentleman that these various sets of resolutions
which gentlemen present as containing projets
for the consideration of the committee are all
expected, I suppose, to go to that committee.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. All, with the
exception of one, which is a joint resolution. It
was for the purpose of expediting business that
1 made the suggestion. I desire that the joint
resolution introduced by me should remain before
the Senate. It may go to the committee at some
future time, if it should be tfie pleasure of the
Senate.
Mr. COLLAMER. I misunderstood the gen-
tleman. I thought he reserved the discussion on
all the resolutions at the same time that the reso-
lutions wore to be before the committee.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the adoption of the resolution offered by the
Senator from Kentucky.
Mr. GW1N. If we are going to vote on that
resolution, I should* like to know whether the
amendment of the Senator from New York [Mr.
King] is pending.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair un-
derstands not.
Mr. POWELL. It is withdrawn.
Mr. GWIN. Then I am in favor of the reso-
lution.
The resolution was adopted.
Mr. FITCH. There is no resolution for the^
appointment of the committee. I move that th
Vice President be vested with the appointment^
the committee.
The motion was agreed to.
\ AMENDMENT OF THE CONSTITUTION.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. What is the
proposition now before the Senate ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is no
question now pending.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. Then I move
that the joint resolution that I introduced some
days since be now taken up.
The motion was agreed to; and the joint reso-
lution (S.'No. 48) proposing amendments to the
Constitution of the United States was read a sec-
ond time, and considered as in Committee of the
Whole.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. Mr. President,
by the joint resolution now before the Senate,
three amendments to the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States are proposed. One proposes to change
the mode of election of President and Yice Presi-
dent of the United States from the electoral col-
lege to a vote substantially and directly by the
people. The second proposes that the Senators of
the United States shall be elected by the people,
once in six years, instead of by the Legislatures
of the respective States. The third provides that
the Supreme Court shall be divided into, three
classes: the term of the first class is to expire in
four years from the time that the classification is
made; of the second class in eight years; and of
the third class in twelve years; and as these vacan-
cies occur they are to be filled by persons chosen
one half from the slave States, and the other half
from the non-slaveholding States, thereby taking
the judges of the Supreme Court, so far as their
selection goes, from the respective divisions of
the country. This proposition, in substance, was
offered many years ago, in the House of Repre-
sentatives; it has been somewhat changed, and
is now offered again for the consideration of the
Senate.
Mr. President, if these amendments had been
made, or the Constitution had been in the shape
now proposed, I think the difficulties that are now
upon the country would have been obviated. It
would have been required that either the President
or the Vice President should be taken from the
South. That would have destroyed, to some ex-
tent, the sectional character of our recent election.
The next provision of the amendment would re-
quire the votes cast for President and Vice Presi-
dent to be cast by districts; and if we are to take
as an indication the returns to the House of Rep-
resentatives of a majority of twenty-seven against
the incoming Administration, it is pretty conclu-
sive that a President differing in politics and sen-
timents from th£ one who has been recently elected
would have been chosen. Each district would
have voted directly for the President and Vice
President of the United States. The individual
having a majority of the votes in that district
would be considered as receiving one electoral
vote, just as we count the votes for one member
of Congress. Hence, if all the votes in the re-
spective districts iiad been cast on the same prin-
ciple, we should now have a majority of twenty-
seven in opposition to the incoming Administra-
tion; they would have given us a majority in the
electoral colleges. It seems to me, if these propo-
sitions were adopted and made a part of the Con-
stitution, that, to u very great extent, the diffi-
culty and complaint that is now manifested in
different portions of the country would be obvi-
ated, and especially so with some improvement
or modification of the law which provides for the
restoration of fugitives from labor.
It is not my purpose, sir, to discuss these prop-
ositions to amend the Constitution in detail to-
day, and I shall say but little more in reference
to them and to their practical operation; but, as
we are now, as it were, involved in revolution,
(for there is a revolution, in fact, upon the counr
try,) I think it behooves every man, and espe-
cially every one occupying a public place, to indi-
cate, in some manner, his opinions and sentiments
in reference to the questions that agitate and dis-
tract the public mind. I shall be frank on this
occasion in giving my views and taking my po-
sitions, as I have always been upon questions
that involve the public interest. I believe it is the
imperative -duty of Congress to make some effort
to save the country from impending dissolution;
and he that is unwilling to make an effort to pre-
serve the Union, or, in other words, to preserve
the Constitution, and the Union as an incident
resulting from the preservation of the Constitu-
tion, I think is unworthy of public confidence,
and the respect and gratitude of the American
people. I say it devolves upon every one who
can contribute in the slightest degree to this result
to come forward and mafastsome effort, reasonable
in its character, to preserve the Union of these
States by a preservation of the Constitution.
In most that I shall say on this occasion, I
shall not differ very essentially from my southern
friends. The difference will consist, as I think,
from what I have heard and what I see published
in the various periodicals of the day, in the mode
and manner by which this great end is to be ac-
complished. Some of our southern friends think
that secession is the mode by which these ends
can be accomplished; that if the Union cannot be
preserved in its spirit, by secession they will get
those rights secured and perpetuated that they
have faile^l to obtain within the Union. I am
opposed to secession. I Believe it is no remedy
for the evils complained "of. Instead of acting
with that division of my southern friends who take
ground for secession, I shall take other grounds
while I try to accomplish the same end.
I think that this battle ought to be fought not
outside, but inside of the Union, and upon the
battlements of the Constitution itself. I am un-
willing, of my own volition, to walk outside of the
Union which has been the result of ft Constitution
made by the patriots of the Revolution. They
formed the Constitution; and thisTJnionthatis so
much spoken of, and which all of us are so desirous
to preserve, grows out of the Constitution; and I
repeat, I am not willing to walk out of the Union
growing out of the Constitution, that was formed
by the patriots and, I may say, the soldiers of the
Revolution. So far as I am concerned, and I be-
lieve I may speak with some degree of confidence
for the people of my State, we "intend to fight that
battle inside and not outside of the Union; and if
anybody must go out of the Union, it must be those
who violate it. We do not intend to go out. It
is our Constitution; it is our Union, growing out
of the Constitution; and we do not intend to be
driven from it or out of the Union. Those who
have violated the Constitution either in the pas-
sage of what are denominated personal liberty
bills, or by their refusal to execute the fugitive
slave law—they having violated the instrument
that binds us together—must go out and not we.
I do not think we can go before the country with
the same force of position demanding of the North
a compliance with the Constitution and all its
guarantees, if we violate the Constitution by going
out ourselves, that we shall if we stand inside of the
Constitution, and demand a compliance with its
provisions and its guarantees; or if need be, as I
think it is, to demand additional securities. We
should make that demand inside of the Constitu-
tion, and in the manner and mode pointed out by
the instrument itself. Then we keep ourselves
in the right; we put our adversary in the wrong;
and though it may take a little longer to accom-
plish the end, we take the right means to accom-
plish an end that is right in itself.
I know that sometimes we talkgjibout compro-
mises. I am not a compromiser, nor a conserva-
tive, in the usual acceptation of those terms. I
have been generally considered radical, and I do
not come forward to-day in anything that I shall,
say or propose, asking anything to be done upon
the principle of compromise. If we ask for any-
thing, it should be for that which is right and rea-
sonable in itself. It being right, those of whom
we ask it, upon the great principle of right, are
bound to grant it. Compromise! I know in the
common acceptance of the term it is to agree upon
certain propositions in which some things are con-
ceded on onesideand others conceded on the other.
I shall go for enactments by Congress or for amend-
ments to the Constitution, upon the principle that
they are right and upon no other ground. I am
not for compromising right with wrong. If we
have no right, we ought not to demand it. If we
arc in the wrong, they should not grant us what
we ask. I approach this momentous subject on
the great principles of right, asking nothing and
demanding nothing but what is rightin itself and
which every right-minded man and aright-minded
community and a right minded-people, who wish
the preservation of this Government, will be dis-
posed to grant. ,*
Infightmgthisbattle,Ishalldoitupon the basis
laid down by a portion of the people of ray own
State, m a large and very intelligent meeting. A
committee of the most intelligent men m the coun-
try reported, in the shape of resolutions, to this
meeting the basis upon which I intend to fight
this great battle for our rights. They reported
this resolution:
"Resolved, That we deeply sympathize with our sister
southern States, and freely admit that there is good pause
for dissatisfaction and complaint on their part, on account
of the recent election of sectional candidates to the Presi-
dency and Vice Presidency of ihe United States; yet we,
as a portion of the people of a slaveholding community, are
not for seceding or breaking up the union of these btates
until every fair and honorable means has been exhausted
ia trying to obtain, on the part of ttlc non-slaveliolan>g_
