1078
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 21,
KEPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, from the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, submitted a letter of
Captain Humphreys, addressed to the chairman
of the committee, relative to printing extra copies
of his report of the survey of the delta of the
Mississippi; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Printing. T
He also, from the Committee on Public Lands,
to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No. 980)
for the adjustment of the claims of the Puget
Sound Agricultural Company, under the treaty
of 1846, with Great Britain, reported it without'
amendment.
Mr. BRAGG, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
530) to provide for the payment of clerks in the
land offices in the State of Oregon, reported it
with an amendment.
Mr. BRIGHT. A report of the acting Secre-
tary of the Interior, communicating, in compli-
ance with a resolution of the Senate, transcripts
of all accounts paid for the erection of the east
and west wings and the north front of the Patent
Office building, and for alterations and repairs to
the south front of the same, was referred to the
Committee on Public Buildings and Grounds,
with the view of reporting on the question of
printing. The committee have directed me to
report that the printing is unnecessary, in their
judgment. .
The report was agreed to.
Mr. BRIGHT. By an act of Congress at the
last session, the district attorney of this District
was directed to ascertain the value of the grounds
within the limits of the proposed extension of the
Capitol grounds. He has performed that duty,
and made a report—nota lengthy one—containing
an abstract of the title to the property within the
limits, together with the assessed value and ap-
praised value. The Committee on Public Build-
ings and Grounds have instructed mc to report in
favor of printing the report, I think it is unneces-
sary that it should go to the Committee on Print-
ing.
ThePRESIDINGOFFICER. Undertherule,
the Chair thinks it should go to the Committee
on Printing.
Mr. FITCH. I think the view of the Chair is
erroneous. The question of printing usual num-
bers need not go to the Committee on Printing.
Mr. BRIGHT I only propose to print the
usual number lor the use of the Senate.
The motion was agreed to
GEORGE FISHER.
Mr. SEBASTllVN. $£The Committee on Indian
Affairs, to whom was referied the House joint
resolution (No. 51) repealing a resolution relating
to the claim of George Fisher, late of Florida,
deceased, approved June 1, 1800, have instruct-
ed me to report it without amendment. In conse-
quence of tho pressing nature of this case, I ask
the unanimous consent of the Senate to consider
it at this timti.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Green.)
I should like that to he over.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. Very well. I give notice,
then, that either myself, or some other member of
the Committee on Indian Affairs, will move for
the consideration of the joint resolution to-mor-
row morning, in the morning hour, as eailyas
possible.
POSTAL SERVICE.
Mr. WADE. I move now to take up the bill
in relation to the postal service—the unfinished
business of yesterday morning.
Mr. HALE. Are not petitions and reports in
order?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Ohio has made a motion which is in order;
and until that motion is disposed of, unless he
yields the floor, nothing else can be entertained.
Mr. WADE. 1 cannot yield it.
Mr. BRAGG. I call for the yeas and nays on
the motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 23, nays 15; as follows
Y  "
Ciai
semi
aid, Suinnci,Ten E) ck, Tiwnbuli, VVad«,;tnd Wii>ou 0,}.
NAYS—Bragg, Bright, Fitch, Green, Hemphill,
Hunter, Johnson of Arkansas, Johnson of Tennessee, Lane.
Latham, Nicholson, Polk, Powell, Rice, and Sebastian—15.
So the motion was agreed to; and the Senate
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. R. No.
950) in relation to the postal service, the pending
question being on the amendment of Mr. Fitch,
to strike out the words " or the postal law main-
tained," in the fifth line of the bill.
Mr. HUNTER. Before the billpasses, I should
like to say a very few words. The bill is right
or wrong according to the sense and intention in
which it is to be passed. If it is offered from the
belief that the seceded States have left us, and that
there is no obligation on us to cany the mails for
them, it is entirely right, for there can be no such
obligation on us. If,on the other hand, it is the
opinion of those who report this bill, and who will
vote for its passage, that those States are still
within, the Union, I do not see how they are to
escape from the obligation which is imposed upon
Congress under the Constitution, to make the ben-
efits of our legislation general. We have no right,
if they are still within the Union, to exclude one
scction of the country from the general benefits
of our legislation. The powers that were given
to us were delegated for "tho common defense
and the general welfare." It is true these ex-
pressions are not a substantive source of power,
but they define the objects for which we are to
use the powers that are given. We have no right,
without violating the spsrit of the Constitution, in
legislating for the country, to exclude any section
or any State from its just share of the general ben-
efits of our legislation. To test it, suppose there
was a proposition to exclude all the slavcholding
States from post office facilities: would not that
be against tho general spirit and intention of the
Constitution ? Would it not violate the very ends
and objects for which the Constitution was made?
How, then, can we say, if we maintain that these
States are in the Union, that we will exclude them
from their share of its benefits?
It is not contended that this measure is neces-
sary in order to execute the laws, because, so far
as 1 know, the laws in regard to the postal routes
arc the only laws of the United States that are
observed and respected in those States. I have
not heard of any violation of those laws, certainly
not of any material violation. Theyare observed
and respected. Now, sir, the most that any man
can maintain is, that this Government, so far as
the States are concerned which are within the
Union, has the right to enforce its laws upon in-
dividuals; but it has not the right to enforce its
laws by punishing States. This Congiess has
not the right to judg6 that States have violated
the Constitution, and to say to them "Unless
you will act constitutionally and properly, in our
opinion, you shall not have yournghts under the
Constitution; you shall not have your share of
the general benefits of legislation." To do that
would consolidate this Government, and make it
supreme. If we can say, that because a State has
not obeyed the Constitution,in our opinion,there-
fore we can deprive it of its share of the general
benefits of legislation until it does obey the Con-
sitution, we may set up ourselves as judges of its
acts in every respect, and proceed to punish it in
this way whenever it departs in any degree from
our notion of its constitutional duties. Suppose
we were to propose to discontinue the postal ser-
vice in those States that have passed personal lib-
erty laws, and to provide that they should not en-
joy the postal service or any part of the general
benefits of our legislation until they repealed those
laws: surely, we should have as much right to
punish that sort of nullification in this way, to
say that we would punish the States by taking
from them their share of the benefits of general
legislation, as we have to punish what we con-
ceive to be nullification in another scction. Cor-
tainly we have; but where would that lead us?
We should annihilate ail State governments; we
should make this Government the judge and the
censor; and the moment that this Government
determined that the States were not discharging
their duties under the Constitution, it would in-
terfere, and in fact exclude them from the Union;
secede from them, put them out. That is the
meaning of it; that is tho effect of it.
That, Mr. President, is not all. This bill leaves
it to the Postmaster General; it proposes to vest
m the Postmaster General the power of saying
that they have violated their constitutional obli-
gations, that they are in a state of insurrection
and rebellion, and therefore to deny them the
benefit of the general legislation of the country.
Where is this to lead us? If a Postmaster Gen-
eral, if the Executive of the country can sit in
judgment on the action of a State, and thus putit
out of the Union at his pleasure, what sort of Gov-
ernment have we,"how many more steps are we
to take in order to reach despotism? Now sir, 1
say, that according to any theory, all that any
Government can do, all that this Government can
do, is to enforce the execution of its laws on indi-
viduals. It has no right to say that States shall
act in the way that it thinks is constitutional and
proper, or else thatit will deny to the States their
rights under the Constitution. To do that, as I
said before, would be to make this Government
supreme and despotic; would be to annihilate the
rights of the States.
And, Mr. President, that is not all. Besides
the alarming tendencies and effects of this meas-
ure, if carried into execution, there are expres-
sions in it which I will say do alarm me. These
expressions in regard to insurrection and rebel-
lion seem to indicate that this is to be one of a
series of measures which, step by step and stage
by stage j is to end in coercion by arms, until the
South is laid prostrate and bleeding at the feet of
this General Government; because, if this right
exists, you can coerce a State and punish it by
taking away its rights under the Constitution, its
equal rights to a share of the general benefits of
the legislation of the country; you con punish it
by arms. And, Mr. President, to what will that
lead us? "We have been talking here of means of
filling the Treasury, of carrying on the Govern-
ment. There is one mode which is certain, and
that is the reverse of the mode which the party
coming into power seem determined to pursue.
That would be to settle these difficulties if you
can. Let them come up and propose something,
if it be possible, which will bring back all those
States into one Union. That would be the best
thing. If that cannot be done, then £he next best
thing is to separate in peacc. If it were known
this day that the matter either would be settled by
bringing all back, or else that there would be a
peaceable separation, trade and business would
revive, credit would be restored, and we should
soon see the business of the country resuming its
ancient channels; and if we could not bring all
the States back, we should be able to make some
! settlement which would give us, so far as trade,
' commerce, and credit were concerned, probably
all the benefits which we derived from the old
union. But, at any rate, I can see no good that
is to be derived from coercion, from civil war; I
can see nothing but misery, unmitigated misery,
to every man, North and South. I believe, sir,
that it is the duty of every man who desires to
promote the peace, the happiness, and the pros-
perity of this country, Norm and South, East and
West, first to see if some scheme of pacification
may not be devised which will draw them all to-
gether again; and if he despairs of that, and
believes it cannot be done, then provide for a
peaceful separation of these States, so that, as far
as commerce is concerned, we may be able to pur-
sue and attain the great objects for which the
Union was originally formed'.
I think, sir, that Senators had better reconsider
this proposition. Of course, if it is their purpose
to coerce; if they mean (although it may beat the
expense of civil war) to try the plan of coercion
and of forcing those States back, the sooner we
know it the better, I admit; but would it not be
better to pause, to take some time for considera-
tion, before they commit themselves to a policy
which is to lead to such unmitigated horrors as
this must conduct us to, should it be pursued by
th e new Government when it comes into power.
Mr. BOOLITTLE. Mr. President, I think the
honorable Senator from Virginia entirely mistakes
thefpurpoit of this bill. So far from this being a
measure of war upon the States which are under-
going 
Mr. HUNTER I hope the Senator will allow
me to correct him. I did not say that this meas-
ure was a measure of war; but I said that I was
afraid it was one of a series which would end in
war. I said this was ameasure, as I understood
it, to coerce a State into what was supposed to be
proper conduct, by denying to it its rightful share
of the general benefits of the legislation of the
country.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President, so far from
