118
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 16,
Sfate>, a compliance with the spirit and letter of the Con-
shrutioii and all.as guarantees; and when this shall have
L'-m'h done, and the States now in open rebellion against the
IaV/< or me Cmred States, in refusing to execute the fugi-
tive Have law, shall persiet In their present unconstitu-
tional course, and the Federal Government shall fail or
refill to execute the laws in good faith, it (the Govern-
ment) will not have accomplished the. great design of its
creation, and will therefore, in fact, be a practical dissolu-
tion, and all the States, as parties, be released from the
compact which formed the.Union."
The people of Tennessee, irrespective of party,
go on and declare further:
" That in the opinion of this meeting no State has the
constitutional right to secede from the union without the
consent of the other States whieh ratified the compact.
The compact, when ratified, formed the Union without
making any provision whatever for its dissolution. It (the
compact) was adopted by the States in toio and forever,
i vnthontfciervation or condition hence a secession of one
orzooie States from the Union, without the consent of the
others latifying the compact, would bo revolution, leading
in the end to civil, and peihaps servile war. While we
deny the light of a State, constitutionally, to secede from
the Union, we admit the great and mheient right of revo-
lution, abiding .and remaining with every people, but a right
whirl) hbould not be everciscd, cxcept in oxtieme eases,
and id the last resort, when grievances are without redress,
and oppression has become intolerable."
- They declare further:
u That in our opinion, we can more successfully resist
the aggression of Black Republicanism by icmaining within
thr Union, than we can by going out of it; and more espe-
cially while there is a majority of both blanches in the
National'Legislature opposed to it, and the Supreme Court
of the United States is on the side of law and the Consti-
tution."
'They go on, and declare further:
'•That we are not willing to abandon our northern friends
who have'stood by the Constitution of the United States,
and in standing by it have vindicated our rights, and in
their vindication have been struck down ; and now, in their
extremity, we cannot and will not desert them by seceding,
or otheivvise breaking up the Union."
This is the basis upon which a portion of the
people of Tennessee, irrespective of party, pro-
pose to fight this battle. We believe that our true
position is inside of the Union. We deny the
doctrine of secession; we deny that a State has
the power, of its own volition, to withdraw from
the Confederacy. We are not willing to do an
unconstitutional act, to induce or to coerce others
to comply with the Constitution of the United
States. We prefer complying with the Constitu-
tion and fighting our b^U-tle, and making our de-
mand inside of the Utiion.
I know, Mr. President, that there arc some who
believe—and see that some of the States are
acting on that principle—that a State has the right
to secede; that, of its own will, it has a right to
•withdraw from the Confederacy. I am inclined
.to think, and I know it is in fact, that in many
portions of the country this opinion has resulted
from the resolutions of your own State, sir, [Mr.
Mason in the chair,] of 1798 and 1799. I propose
to-day to examine that subject, for I know from the
examination of it that there hnx been a false im-
pression made upon my own mind in reference to
those resolution^, and the power proposed to be
cxerctsed by a State in see.pding upon its own will.
WIumi we come to examine those resolutions, we
find that the third roads as follows:
"That this Assembly doth explicitly and peiemptotily
decline that it views the povvei.s oft he Federal Government,
as resulting from the compact, to which the State'-: aie pai-
Ues, as limited by the plain sense and intention of the m-
strumentconstitutingthat compact, a> no iurthcrvalid than
they am authorized by the grantwnumeiatcd in that com-
pact; and that "in case of a deliberate, palpable, and dan-
gerous exercise of other powers, not gunned b> the said
compact, the State* who are parties theieto have tiie right,
and arc in duty bound, to interpose for arresting the pi ogress
of the e\il, and for maintaining within their re> pee five
limits, the authorities,'rights, and liberties appertaining to
The.phraseology of the Kentucky resolutions
is somewhat broaderand more extensive than that
a State, of its own will, has the right to secede or
withdraw from the Union. The Kentucky reso-
lution crofts on to declare that a State has the right
to judge of the infraction of the Constitution, as
well a« the mode and measure of redress. This
is what is declared by that resolution which is
re;>-\iti'd by so manym speeches and publications
made through the country. Now,letMr.Madison
spedk lor himself us to what he meant by that
resolution. Mr. Madison, in his report upon
lh<> " resolutions, goes on and states expressly
that in the resolution the word " States"is used,
notwithstanding the word " respective'* is used.
JVir. Madison says:
"It appears to your committee to be a plain principle,
founded in common sense, illustrated by common prac-
tice, and essential to the nature of compacts, that, where
resort can be had to no tribunal superior to the authority of
parties, the parties themselves must be the rightful judges,
in the last resort, whether the bargain made has been pur-
sued or violated. The Constitution of the United States
was formed by the sanction of the States, given by each
in its sovereign capacity. It adds to the stability and dig-
nity, as well as to the authority of the Constitution, that it
rests on this legitimate and solid foundation. The States,
then, being the parties to the constitutional compact, and
in their sovereign capacity, it follows of necessity, that
there ran be no tribunal above their authority, to decide,
in the last resort, whether the compact made by them be
violated; and, consequently, that, as the parties to it, they
must themselves [that is the States] decide, in the last le-
sort, such questions as may be of sufficient magnitude to
require their interposition."
" The States'' is the idea that is kept up through
the report. He further remarks:
"But the lesolution has done more than guard against
misconstruction, by expressly referring to cases of a delib-
erate, palpable, and dangerous nature. It specifies the ob-
ject of the interposition, which it contemplates lobosolely
that of arresting the progress of the evil of usurpation, and
of maintaining the authorities, rights, and liberties apper-
taining to the States, as parties to the Constitution."
Now we find, by the examination of this sub-
ject, that Mr. Madison, in his report, explains it,
and repudiates the idea that a State, as a member
of the compact, has a right to judge of an infrac-
tion of the Constitution or any other grievance,
and, upon its own volition, withdraw from the
Confederacy. I will here read a letter of Mr.
Madison to Nicholas P. Trist, in explanation of
this very proposition:
" montpelier, December 23, 183-2.
"Dear Sir: X have received youisof the 19th, inclosing
some South Carolina papers. Theie are in one of them some
interesting views of the doctrine of secession, among which
one that had occurred to me, and which for the first tune I
have seen in print, namely: that if one State can at will
withdraw from the others, the others can withdiaw from
her, and turn her, nolentem volentem, out of the Union.
" Until of late theie is not a State that would have ab-
horred such a doetune more than South Carolina, or more
dreaded an application of it to herself. -The some may bo
said of the doctrine ot nullification,which she now preaches
as the only doctrine by which the Union can be saved.
il I partake ot the wondei that tliu men you name should
view recession m tiie light mentioned The essential differ-
ence between a fiee Government and a Government not
free is, that the former is founded in compact, the parties
to which are mutually and equally bound by it. Neither
of them, therefore, can have a greater light to bieak off'
fiom the bargain than the other or others have to hold him
to it; and ceitainly there is nothing in the Virginia reso-
lutions of 1798 adverse to tlm principle, which is that of
common sense and common justice.
"The fallacy which dtavvs a different conclusion from
them lies in confounding a single paitv with the parties to
the constitutional compart of the United States. The lat-
ter, having made the compact, may do what they will with
it. The former, as one of the panics, owes fidelity to it
til! released by consent or absolved by an intolerable abuse
of the powei created. In the Virginia resolutions and re-
port the pluial number (States) is in every instance used
whenever reference is made to the authoiity which pre-
sided ovci the Government."
He says the plural is used; that " State.s" is the
word that is used; and when we turn to the res-
olution we find it just as Mr. Madison states,
thereby excluding the idea that a State can sep-
arately and alone determine th^question,and have
the right to scccde from the Union.
" As ( am now known to have drawn tho'.c documents.
I may say, as 1 do with a distinct recollection, that it was
intentional. It was in fact lequired by the course of rea-
soning employed on the occasion. The Kentucky resolu-
tions, bemg less guarded, have been more easily perverted.
The pretext for the libei ty taken with those of Virginia is
the word £respective' piefixed to the ' iights, &c.' to be
secured within the Slates. Could the abuse of the expres-
sion have been foreseen or suspected, the form of it would
doubtless have been vancd. But what can be more con-
sistent with common sen^e than that all having the rights,
&c., should unite in contending for the sccunty of them to
each ?
11 it is remaikabh: how closely the nullifiers, who make
the name of Mr Jefferson the pedestal for their colossal
heresy, shut their ej e  and hps whenever his authority is
ever so clearly and "emphatically against them. You have
noticed what he says in his letters to Monroe and Carrmg-
ton (pp. 43 and 203, vol. 2} with rcspcet to the power of the
old Congiess to coeice delinquent States; and his reason
for preferring for the purpose a naval to a military force;
and, moreover, his rcmaik that it was not necessary to find
a right to coeice in the Federal articles, that being inherent
in the nature of a compact* Jjtte high tune that the claim
to secede at will should be put down by the public opinion,
and I am glad to see the task commenced by one who under-
stands the subject.
" I know nothing of what is passing at Richmond more
than whatsis seen in the newspapers. You weie light m
your foiesight of the ctfect of passages in the late procla-
mation. They havepioven a leaven for much fermenta-
tion theie, and cieated an alarm against the danger ot con-
solidation balancing that of disunion
"With cordial salutations,
"JAMES MADISON.
"Nicholas P. Trist."
I have another letter of Mr. Madison, written
in 1833, sustaining and carrying out the same
interpretation of the lesolutious of 1798and 1799.
I desire to read some extracts fiom that letter.
Mr. Madison says:
"Much use has been made of The term "respective' in
the third resolution of Virginia, which asserts the light ot
the States, in case of sufficient magnitude, to interpose 4 for
maintaining within their respective limits the authorities,
&c.,appeitaimngtotbcm; ths tcim i respective' being con-
strued to mean a constitutional right in each State, sepa-
rately, to decide on and icsist by force encroachments
within its limits. A foresight or apprehension of the mis-
construction might easily have guarded against it. But, to
say nothingof the distinction between ordinary and extreme
cases, it is observable that in this, as in other instances
tluoughout the resolutions, the plural number (States) is
used in referring to them; that a concurrence and coopeia-
tion of all might well be contemplated in interpositions for
effecting £he objects within reach ; and that the language
of the closing resolution corresponds with ihis view of the
third. The course of reasoning in the report on the revo-
lutions required the di&tmctiou between a State and the
States.
a It surely does not follow, fiom the fact of the States, or
rather the people embodied in them, having, as parties to
the constitutional compact, no tribunal -above them, that
in controverted meanings of the compact, a minority of the
parties can rightfully decide against the majority, still le^s
that a single party can decide against the lest, and as little
that it can at will withdraw itself altogether from its com-
pact with the rest.
l< The characteristic distinction between free govern-
ments and governments not free, is that the former are
founded on compact, not between the government and those
for whom it acts, but among the parties creating the gov-
ernment. Each of these being equal, neither can have more
right to say that the compact has been violated and dis-
solved than eveiy other has. to deny'the fact, and to insist
on the execution of the bargain An inference fiom the
doctrine that a single State has a right to secede at will
from the rest, is that the rest would have an equal right to
secede from it; 111 other woids to turn it, against its will,
out of its union with them. Such a docttmc would not,
till of late, have been palatable anywhere, and nowhere less
so than where it is now most contended for."
When these letters are put together they are
clear and conclusive. Take the resolutions; take
the report; take Mr. Madison's expositions of
them in 1839 and 1833; his letter to Mr. Trist;
his letter to Mr. Webster; his letter to Mr. Rives;
and when all are summed up, this doctiine of a
State, either assuming her highest political atti-
tude or otherwise, having the right of her own
will to dissolve all connection with this Confed*
eracy, is an absuidity, and contrary to the plain
intent and meaning of the Constitution of the
United States. I hold that the Constitution of the
United States makes no provision,as said by the
President of the United States, for its own de-
struction. It makes no provision for breaking
up the Government, and no State has the consti-
tutional right to ^cede and withdraw from the
Union.
In July, 1788, when the Constitution of the
United States was before the convention of New
York for ratification, Mr. Madison was in the city
of New York. Mr. Hamilton, who was in the
convention, wrote a letter to Mr. Madison to
Icnow if New York could be admitted into the
Union with certain reservations or conditions.
One of those reservations or conditions was, us
Mr. Hamilton says in his letter, that they should
have the privilege of receding within five or seven
years if certain alterations and amendments were
not made to the Constitution of the United States.
Mr. Madison, in reply to that letter, makes use
of the following emphatic language, which still
further corroborates and carries out the ideathnt
the Constitution makes no provision for break-
ing up the Government, and that no State has a
right to secede. Mr. Madison says:
u New York, Sunday evening.
^"My dear Sir: Yours of yesterday is this instant come
to*hand; and I have but a few minutes to answer it. I am
somy that your situation obliges you to listen to pmposi-
tion&qfiTthe nature you describe. My opinion is, that a
reseigation ot a right to withdraw if amendments be not
decided on under the foim of the Constitution within a
certain time, is a conditional ratification; that it does not
make New York a member of the new Union, and conse-
quently that she could not be received on that pl<wi. Com-
pacts must he reciprocal—this principle would not m such
a case be preserved. The Constitution requires an adop-
tion in toto and forever."
This is the language of James Madison.
" It has been so adopted by the other States. An adop*
Hon for a limited tune would be as defective as an adoption
of some of the articles only. In short, any condition what-
ever must vitiate the ratification. What the new Congress,
by viitue of the po.vver to admit new States, may beable and
disposed to do in such case, J do not inquire, as T suppose
that i<! not the material point at present. 1 have not a mo-
ment to add more than my fervent wishes foi yoursuecess
and happiness. The idea of reserving a right to withdraw
