1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
119
was started at Richmond, and considered as a conditional
ratification, which was itself abandoned as worse than a
rejection.
" Yours, JAMES MADISON, Jr."
I know it is claimed, and I see it stated in some of
the newspapers, that Virginiaand some of the other
States made a reservation, upon the ratification of
the Constitution, that certain conditions were an-
nexed; that they came in upon certain conditions,
and therefore.tliey had a right, in consequence of
those conditions, to do th'is or the other thing.
When we examine the journal of the conven-
tion, we find that no mention is made of any res-
ervation on the ratification of the Constitution by
the State of Virginia. We find that Mr. Madison
says, in his letter to Mr. Hamilton, that this idea
was first mooted at Richmond, and was aban-
doned as worse than a rejection. His letter was
written after the ratification of the Constitution
of the United States by the State of Virginia.
Hence he spoke with a knowledge of the fact that
existed, that no reservation was made; and even
if it had been made by one of the parties, and not
sanctioned by'the other parties to the compact,
what would it have amounted to? Then we see
that Mr. Madison repudiates the doctrine that a
State has the right to secede. We see that his
resolutions admit of no such construction. We
see that Mr. Madison, in his letter to Mr. Ham-
ilton, puts the interpretation that this Constitution
was adopted in (oioand forever, without reserva-
tion and without condition.
I know that the inquiry may be made, how is
a State, then, to have redress ? There is but one
way, and that is expressed by the people of Ten-
nessee. You have entered into this compact; it
was mutual; it was reciprocal; and you of your
own volition have no right to withdraw and break
the compact, without the consent of the other
parties. JVhat remedy, then, has the State? It
has a remedy that remains and abides with every
people upon the face of the earth—when griev-
ances are without a remedy, or without redress,
when oppression becomes intolerable, they have
the frrea t inhcient right of revolution, and that is
all there is of it.
Sir, if the doctrine of secession is to be carried
tjut upon the mere whim of a State, this Govern-
ment is at an end. I am as much opposed to a
strong, or what may be called by some a consol-
idated Government, as it is possible for a man to
be; but while I am greatly opposed to that, I want
a Government strong enough to preserve its own
existence; that will not fall to pieces by its own
weight or whenever a little dissatisfaction takes
place in one of its members. If the States have
the right to secede at will and pleasure, for real
or imaginary evils or oppressions, I repeat again,
this Government is at an end; it is not stronger
than a rope of sand; its own weight will tumble
it to pieces, and it cannot exist. Notwithstanding
this doctrine may suit some who are engaged in
this perilous and impending crisis that is 110W
upon us, duty to my country, duty to my State,
and duty to my kind, require nie to avow a doctrine
that I believe will result in the preservation of the
Government, and to repudiate one that I believe
will result in its overthrow, and the consequent
disasters to the people of the United States.
If a State can secede at will and pleasure, and
this doctrine is maintained, why, 1 ask, on the
other hand, and as Mr. Madison argues in one of
his letters, cannot a majority of the States com-
bine and reject a State'out of the Confederacy?
Have a majority of these States, under the com-
pact that they have made with each other, the
right {o combine and reject any one of the States
from th£ Confederacy? They have no such right;
the ccrmpact is reciprocal. It was ratified with-
out reservation or condition, and it was ratified
"in tnlo and forever;" such is the language of
James Madison; and there is but one way to get
out of it without the consent of the parties, and
that is, by revolution.
I know that some touch the subject with trem-
bling and fear. They say, here is a State that,
perhaps by this time, has seceded, or if not, she
is on the road to secession, and we must touch
this siibject very delicately; and that if the State
secedes, conceding the power, of the Constitution
to her to secede, you must talk very delicately
upon the subject of coercion. I do not behove
the Federal Government has the power to coerce
a State; for by the eleventh amendment of the
Constitution of the United States it is expressly
provided that you cannot even put one of the
States of this Confederacy before one of the courts
of the country as a party. As a State, the Fed-
eral Government has no power to coerce it; but
it is a member of the compact to which it agreed
in common with the other States, and this Gov-
ernment has the r!^ht to pass laws, and to enforce
those laws upon individuals within the limits of
each State. While the one proposition is clear,
the other is equally so. This Government can,
by the Constitution of the country and by the
laws enacted in conformity with the Constitution,
operate upon individuals, and has the right and
the power, not to coerce a State, but to enforce
and execute the law upon individuals within the
limits of a State.
I know that the term, " to coerce a State," is
used in an ad captandwn manner. It is a sover-
eignty that is to be crushed! How is a State in
the Union? What is her connection with it? All
the connection she has with the other States is
that which is agieed upon in the compact between
the States. I do not know whether you may con-
sider it in the Union or out of the Union, or
whether you simply consider it a connection or a
disconnection with the other States; but to the
extent that a State nullifies or sets aside any law
or any provision of the Constitution, to that ex-
tent it has dissolved its connection, and no more.
I think the States that have passed their personal
liberty bills, in violation of the Constitution of the
United States, coming in conflict with the fugitive
slave law, to that extent have dissolved their con-
nection, and to that extent, it is revolution. But
because some of the free States have passed laws
violative of the Constitution; because they have,
to some extent, dissolved their connection with
this Government, does that justify us of the South
in following that bad example ? Because they have
passed personal liberty bills, and have, to that ex-
tent, violated the compact which is reciprocal,
shall wo turn around, on the other hand,and vio-
late the Constitution by coercing them to a com-
pliance with it? -Will we do so?
Then I come back to the starting point: let us
stand in the Union and upon the Constitution;
and if anybody is to leave this Union, or violate
its guarantees, it shall be those who have taken
the initiative, and passed their personal liberty
bills. I am in the Union, and intend to stay in
it. I intend to hold on to the Union, and the
guarantees under which this Union has grown;
and I do not intend to be driven from it, nor out
of it, by their unconstitutional enactments.
Then, Mr. President, suppose, for instance, that
a fugitive is arrested in the State of Vermont to-
morrow, and under the personal liberty bill of that
State, or the law—I do not remember its precise
title now—which prevents, or is intended to pre-
vent, the faithful execution of that law, Vermont
undertakes to rescue him, and prevent the enforce-
ment of the law: what is it? It is nullification; it
is resistance to the laws of the United States, made
in conformity with the Constitution; it is rebel-
lion; and it is the duty of the President of the
United States to enforce the law, at all hazards
and to the last extremity. And, to come back to
the premises, if the Federal Government fails or
refuses to execute the laws made in conformity
with the Constitution, and those States persist in
their violation and let those unconstitutional acts
remain upon their statute-books and carry them
into practice; if the Government,on the one hand,
fails to execute those laws, and those States, by
their enactments, violate them on the other, the
Government is at an end, and the parties are all
released from the compact.
Mr. COLLAMER. Will the gentleman in-
dulge me one moment?.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. Yes, sir.
Mr. COLLAMER. The gentleman has made
allusion particularly to the laws of my own State.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I will say to
the Senator that his State happened to occur to
my mind, and I spoke of it simply by way of
illustration.
Mr. COLLAMER. I claim the privilege of
saying a few words about that subject, if the" gen-
tleman will indulge me.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee, Certainly."
Mr. CpLLAMER. Mr. President, without
entering into the thread of the Senator's remarks,
with which i generally agree, there has been a I
good deal said about the, action of Vermont re-
cently, in relation to refusing to repeal certain
laws. Much is said about it,1 see, in the papers
of the South. 1 wish that the truth of that mat-
ter was all known together. The whole story
should be told. I shall not occupy a long; time.
The gentleman can have a little rest; I will .'not
occupy a great while. I wish that I 'cpuldj'suj^
ceed in once obtaining a short attention of gentler
men on the other side, who seem to suppose that
every law concerning the colored people in the
free States is made against the fugitive slave law.
They look at in that light; and I see that the one
in Vermont which is quoted is the act of 1844. I
see it is quoted in the Constitution newspaper as
being of the number. When Senators speak
about their being in opposition to the fugitive
slave law, undoubtedly gentlemen mean the""fugi-
tive slave law of 1850. Now, will gentlemen bear
in mind that that very act of Vermont was made
six years before that law was passed! It had
nothing in the world to do with it.
It should be remembered that in 1842, in the
case of Priggns. The Commonwealth of Pennsyl-
vania, the Supreme Court of the United States
decided that the owner of a fugitive slave had a
right to go and recapture him in the same way
that a man might recapture any other personal
property, subject to having a suit brought about
it afterwards. When a man takes ahorse,a suit
can be brought afterwards tp try the title. The
Supreme Court decided that it would be just like
that, provided the man, in so taking his slave, did
not violate any State law. Now, I say it is to be
borne in mind that the court recognized two modes
of reclaiming fugitive slaves. One of them is ac-
cording to the fugitive slave law of Congress, and
the other is the one 1 have just spoken of. Now,
the law3 that are made in my State, so far as I
understand them, with regard to the recapture or
reclamation of slaves, have nothing whatever to
do with proceedings under the fugitive slave law,
they relate to this other branch; this other mode
of getting back slaves. The law was passed be-
fore the present fugitive slave law was enacted.
There was a fugitive slave law in 1793; but any
man who will lead this act of Vermont that is now
quoted,-and read it in the light of what 1 have now
suggested to him, will see that it does not.rclate
at all to any action under the law of Congress. It
goes upon the basis that every State is bound to
protect, its own citizens; its own people that are
residents of the State; those who are commorant
in the State, let their color be what it may. That,
I presume, no one will deny. Then, when it v.'&s
said that a man had a right to go and take his
slave in a free State by mere manucaption, with-
out resorting to any legal process whatever, can-
not any man have candor enough to see that it
was utterly impossible to protect our colored peo-
ple against those persons who are kidnappers?
Hence it was that we did what in effect the Su-
preme Court of the United States invited should
be done; that is, make such laws as would secure
our people in their rights against the assertion of
the rights of those who go to take upon their own
strength.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. 1 would ask
the Senator, before he concludes what he has to
say, if the.Legislature of his State did not pass ail
addition;.) law in 1858?
Mr. COLLAMER. I was about to remark
that there are some other laws; but the one which
is quoted, the one which is relied upon 
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. Well, sir, I
was alluding to their laws generally, the steps
they have tak<>n either in former timesorrecentiy,
which come in conflict with the execution of that
provision of the Constitution which provides for
the restoration of fugitive slaves.
Mr. COLLAMER. Before I get through, the
gentleman will hear all that I have got to say on
tiiat. I do hot want to occupy his time much;
but to complete my explanation, I must say a lit-
tle more. I say that if any man will read the law
to which I have alluded—the one that is quoted
in the papers—and read it in the light of this
decision, and in view of the facts of history, as
they hefve transpired, he will see that it was not
dictated by any enmity to the fugitive sla.ve law;
because, while'lt imposes severe penalties upon
the taking away of colored people, and subjects
to punishment all who participate in such trans-
actions, it goes on to provide, in the last paction
