im
im CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 18,
of it, that this statute shall not be construed to
extend to any judge of the United States court,
or to any marshal of the United States, or to any
of his assistants. It has nothing to do with the
United States law. I concede that there have been
two or three lawk passed since the compromise
measures of 1850, though I have not examined
them much; and they Were produced, particularly
the act of 1858, which is now referred to, by what
our people understood the Supreme Court to say,
that a colored man, a descendant of an African,
is a man without any rights that any white person
is bound to respect at all. 1 have never examined
these recent statutes fully. It is very likely that
there may be features in them that are exception-
able. But, Mr. President, it is to be borne in
mind that the people of the free States have never
held the doctrine that a State can nullify a United
States law. I can easily see why people in the
extreme South, who hold that a State can nullify
a United States layr, think that here is an attempt
to nullify a law of Congress. Our people never
have held such a doctrine in the world. The
profession have paid very little attention to these
statutes at any rate. We look upon them just in
this light: that if there are any of them which are
in any way inconsistent with the provisions of
the United States Constitution, they are simply
waste paper and void. We deny thata State, by
passing an unconstitutional law, can take itself
•out of the Union; and we deny, too, that if one
State passes such a law, it can justify another
State m going out of the Union. Such laws are
simply void under the Constitution. That is our
view of it, and therefore they are treated before
our courts, whenever they come before them, as
they would bo treated anywhere else—we judge
of their constitutionality with perfect fidelity.
Now, Mr. President, one word in relation to
the recent proposition for their repeal which 1
have seen mentioned. A gentleman in the State
Legislature presented a bill for the repeal of these
personal liberty bills, so far as they were incon-
sistent with the United States Constitution, or
something to thateffect. It was referred to a com-
mittee, of which he was made chairman—a spe-
cial committee. They made a report. Itlayupon
the table, and was not called up. When they
had had their usual session, and came to the last
day but one of the sitting, having already fixed a
day to adjourn, he called up his bill. What was
the result? I ought here to state, further, that it
is the practice of the State'of Vermont, aboittonce
in twenty years, to have a careful revision of her
statutes. The time had come to have it; the
twenty years had .passed since the last revision.
In the course of the session , the Legislature had
raisedaeommissionof revision,and had appointed
upon it three gentlemen, as good as we can fur-
nish, and I do not know that it would be much
arrogance to say, as good as any State could fur-
nish. Two of them were judges of the supreme
court, the other a very distinguished lawyer, for-
merly a member of Congress—men holding no
places, wanting none—men of high position and
ability. These gentlemen were appointed to re-
vise our statutes. On the last day of the session,
when the bill to repeal the personal liberty laws
was called up, the gentleman who had presented
it made' a long argument upon it, but-there was
no time to consider it. They wanted all their
statutes revised and considered- A motion was
made in the House to dismiss the bill, and it was
dismissed. The Senate immediately, on the same
day, took up and passed a resolution referring all
of these statutes that were said to be exception-
able by people abroad, to that board of revision,
to report to the next session of the Legislature if
any of those laws were in any way inconsistent
with the United States Constitution, or the Uni-
ted States laws passed according to the Constitu-
tion. It was passed, all saying "we desire no
, unconstitutional statutes on our btfoks; we will
endure none; we shall have them examined by a
competent body, and we have just raised one."
The Senate passed the proposition unanimously;
they sent it to the House in the shape of a joint
resolution; it was there passed unanimously, and
the subject was referred to the board of revision.
In all candor, is not this dealing with the subject
fairly and candidly, and on our own motion? It
is no foundation for ground of objection abroad
that the State of Vermont is dealing unkindly or
unfairly or uncandidly.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. Mr. President,
I think I am rather unfortunate to-day. In the
first instance I gave way for an hour, and in the
next place for quite a lengthy speech to be injected
into mine. However, as the Senator has made
an explanatian on the subject, I wish to ask him
if he believes the law passed in 1858 by the State
of Vermont in reference to persons of color in that
State is constitutional or unconstitutional?
Mr. COLLAMER. The gentleman puts tome
a question, and he is entitled to have that sort of
candid answer which I take it the putting of the
question implies. I said when I was up before
that I had never examined those laws much my-
self. I never have. I do not know precisely what
their condition is, nor what their provisions may
be exactly. I have this, however, to say about
it: it may be, after all, that though upon its face
some of its provisions may look exceptionable,
they may not really be so. It comes to this: I
believe that statute declares, in effect, that all per-
sons held to slavery who come into Vermont,
voluntarily or involuntarily, who come there of
their own accord, or are brought there by their
masters, shall be considered and regarded as free
persons. I rather think that is the amount of it,
according to my recollection. Now, what is the
reason for that? 1 have already suggested that
the Supreme Court have intimated, as our people
understand the Chief Justice, thatcolored persons
have no rights that the white man is bound to
respect at all.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Will the Senator from Ver-
mont permit me to 
Mr. COLLAMER. 1 have heard the gentle-
man's explanation of that several .times.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Will the Senator tell us
that any man in New England honestly believes
the Supreme Court did decide that? Does he
know any man who believes it?
Mr. COLLAMER. I can say that I believe
the body of them honestly say they read it so.
It reads just so.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Does the Senator say that
that decision reads so?
Mr. COLLAMER. The opinion. The gen-
tleman and myself, as lawyers, understand the
difference between an opinion and a decision.
The opinion of the Chief Justice, in reciting the
history of the Declaration of Independence and
of the Constitution, and the condition of society
at the time when those instruments were formed,
comes to the result that that notion was enter-
tained at that period, stating it in about those
words which I have before repeated; and he leaves
it to be understood that nothing has transpired
since to change that condition of things. That
is the way it is in the opinion of the court; that
is the way we read it; that is the way I understand
it.myself.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Does the Senator say that
he understands the Supreme Court to say in the
opinion, that now, at this day, colored men have
no rights that white men are bound to respect?
Mr. COLLAMER. The gentleman gives his
version to my statement. I choose my own ver-
sion for my own statement. I understand the
Chief Justice to say, as I have already stated,
that in the history of these transactions, speak-
ing of the period of time and the condition of
society at the period of the adoption of the Con-
stitution, that then 
Mr.DOOLITTLE. Here is the decision, which
I will hand to my friend.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Read the whole paragraph.
Mr. COLLAMER. Speakingof the condition
of the colored race at the period of the Declara-
tion of Independence and of the formation of the
Constitution, the Chief Justice, in his opinion,
says: '
" They had for more than a century before been regarded
as beings of an inferior order, and altogether unfit to associ-
ate with the white race, either in social or political rela-
tions ; and so far inferior, that they hud no rights which the
while man was hound to respect; and that the negro might
justiy and lawfully be reduced to slavery for his benefit."
These are the words, and this is all there is to
qualify that clause. He does not say anywhere
in the'opinion that the status of the black man has
been changedsince. He saysnothingof the kind.
Now, I say tliatl believe the body ofthe people of
Vermont read that, and, understanding the English
language, understand it to mean just what it says.
However, that diverts mo from the question put
by the Senator from Tennessee. I have answered
the Senator from Louisiana, and I have read the
paragraph.
Now, Mr. President, to go on with the ques-
tion of the Senator from Tennessee, the State of
Vermont, in legislating in reference to the action
of her own tribunals, having nothing to do with
the United States law in regard to fugitive slaves,
but simply in relation to the conduct and direc-
tions to her own tribunals in regard to this busi-
ness of reclaiming slaves by the act of the master
himself, has said—her language to her tribunals
js—you are to presume every colored man as free
until the contrary appears. In the South, we
understand, they presume every colored man to
be a slave until the contrary is shown. Now, we
say to you in our law that you shall regard every
colored man free, we care not how he gets here,
until the contrary is shown. I say to you, Mi\
President, that I do not believe the people of
the State of Vermont, or their Legislature, ever
thought of infringing the United States Constitu-
tion. They did not suppose they had done it;
they never tried to do it; they never intended to
do it; and what precise version they would give
to their words as merely a law for their own
courts, 1 am not prepared to say; but I do say
that that law, like every other law in Vermont,
whenever a question arises, will receive a fair con-
struction. When gentlemen say that our laws
have aided in the escape of fugitive slaves, I deny
it. I do not believe there has been a fugitive slave
in Vermont for these forty years. I never heard
of one. I do not believe there has been one there.
I know that one fellow claimed to be a runaway
slave; but he was an impostor, and was not a
runaway slave, and did not even from extrem-
ists get publicsympathy for that, only for a short
time. Nor has our law aided in any way to affect
or impair the fugitive slave law of Congress. But,
Mr. President, whether it has or has noP, if our law
is in any way inconsistent with the provisions of
the United States Constitution, or the constitu-
tional laws of Congress, 1 tell you it will be set
aside, whenever a question arises before a court
of Vermont, as quickly as it would before a court
ofthe United States. So, too, if there is anything
in it which is at all inconsistent with the Consti-
tution, or the constitutional laws of Congress, I
tell you that our board of revision will see that it
is not kept on the statute-book—no doubt of it.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. Mr. Presi-
dent 
Mr. BRAGG. If the Senator will give way, 1
will move an adjournment. 1 think, consideiing
the lateness of the hour and the fact that the Sen-
ator from Tennessee has been so frequently inter-
rupted,itis butjusticetp him that we shouldnow
adjourn and allow him to conclude to-morrow.
Mr. WIGFALL. It is only three o'clock.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mi-. Polk in
the chair.) It is moved that the Senate do now
adjourn.
Mr. COLLA-MER. If that is agreeable to the
wishes of the gentleman from Tennessee, of course
we shall make no objection.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I am willing
to go on now if the Senate desires me to continue;
but there have been a good many interruptions-;
it is late in the day; and, if such be the pleasure
of the Senate, I prefer resuming my remarks in
the morning.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.   
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, December 18, 1860.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. .Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas H. Stockton.
The J ournal of yesterday was read and approved.
TERRITORIAL BILLS.
Mr. GROW. Yesterday an order was made
for the printing of certain bills in reference to ter-
ritorial business. In accordance with that order
I now present the following bills from the Com-
mittee on Territories, that they may be printed:
A bill (H. R. No. 887) to provide atemporary
government for the Territory of Idaho;
A bill (H. R. No. 888) to provide a temporary
government for the Territory of Nevada;
A bill (H. R. No. 889) to provide a temporary
government for the Territory of Dacota; and
A bill (II. R. No. 890) to provide a temporary
government for the Territory of Arizona.
