1080
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 21,
by the Senator from Wisconsin, there is no use
in its passage; for the Postmaster General can
discontinue routes now, if it only means those
isolated routes, where, owing to any apprehended
insurrection or resistance, the mails cannot be
carried. I presume, though, that that matter
must before long become a subject of arrange-
ment. I do not doubt that those States will make
arrangements for carrying the mails. I do not
doubt that it will become necessary to make
some arrangement with them in order, at least, to
provide as well for the rest of the States in regard
to them, as we provide between the United States
and Canada. We shall have to keep up some
kind of mail communication and connection with
them; and it would seem to me to be better to post-
pone the arrangement—«re certainly cannotmake
it now—un%il the opportunity offers. But as I
said before, if this bill has 110 other object than
that expressed by the Senator from Wisconsin, it
is unnecessary.
Mr. POWELL. I am opposed to the passage
of this bill, for the reason that it substitutes the
will of the Postmaster General for the laws of this
land. If I understand it, whenever the Postmas-
ter General shall believe that, by reason of insur-
rection or resistance to the laws of the United
States, the mails cannot be safely carried on any
route, or that mail matter may be violated before
it reaches the party to whom it is addressed, he
is to have a right to arrest the mail service upon
thatiine. In my judgment, it obliterates every-
thing like'State rights. Many of the States of
this Union have passed laws preventing the dis-
tribution within their limits of incendiary docu-
ments, such as the Helper book and others that
incite our slaves to insurrection. Many of these
documents advise that our wells and our food be
poisoned, and the throats of our women and chil-
dren cut by our slaves. We have laws in those
States preventing the distribution of such books
ordocuments. But pass this bill; and if you have
a Postmaster General who thinks that such in-
cendiary documents should be distributed, he can
stop the postal service if any postmaster in a slave-
holding State shall, m obedience to the laws of
ln.s own State, decline to distribute such incen-
diary pamphlets; and, in my judgment, that is
one of the main objects of the getters-tip of this
hill; for 1 have heard much complaint from the
other side of the Chamber about these laws in the
slaveholding States.
Sir, it is proposed here to clothe the Postmas-
ter General with power equal to that held by the
autocrat of all the ilussius. It is proposed to
place his will above the laws of Congress, above
the constitutional rights of the people. You de-
cree an absolute despotism, so far as the will of
this man to exercise power, touching your postal
arrangements, is concerned. It is astonishing to
me that gentlemen, who properly appreciate hu-
man liberty, should ever think of clothing one of
the head clerks of the President, as Mr. Randolph
used to call them, with such unlimited power. I
have been taught to believe that uitional liberty
alone existed and was maintained when: the laws
were supreme. You have the most absolute and
craven despotism whenever you make the will of
a man superior to the law of the land. I would
not vote to clothe any officer of this Government
with such power. 1 would have the action of
every officer of the Government, from the most
petty constable to the President of the United
States, subject to the Constitution and the laws of
the country; and, Senators, when you inaugurate
any other policy, you decree yourselves to sla- !;
very, and infamous submission to the will of a
head clerk, or the head man of a Department. j1
Mr. FESSENDEA'. Mr. President, i wish to j!
say a word or two upon the subject before the >
Senate. The Senators 011 the other side of the i1
Chamber do not seem to agree at all. Oneofthem ji
—the Senator from Virginia—says that the Post- !!
master General now has all the power conferred ji
by this bill. He is fallowed by the Senator from ! j
Kentucky, who sees in it an enoimous grant of j!
power which is to destroy the liberties of the
people. !
Mr. HUNTER. I said that he hod all the ij
power now which was designed to be conferred, h
according to what the Senator from Wisconsin
said,
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then I misunderstood
the Senator. The drift of his argument was, that j
it was unnecessary, and that the real gist of the
matter was in the description of the occasion for
the bill. The honorable Senator from Kentucky
is alarmed lest this enormous grant of power to
stop the mail service m a particular place, where
it is obstructed, should destroy the liberties of the
people ! Well, sir, upon my word, this is carry-
ing fear to a most enormous extent We have a
man at the head of the Department to regulate it,
and to expend our money according to existing
laws; and here is a bill brought into Congress
authorizing him, when he finds that the laws
cannot be carried out, merely to suspend their
operation, instead of trying to carry them out—
expending our money to 110 purpose, and getting
ourselves into difficulty. And that is to destroy
the liberties of the people! We on this side of
the Chamber are appealed to to be very careful
how we grant such enormous powers 1 The
power of stopping the mail service where you can-
not execute it would not seem to be very danger-
ous to the liberties of the people. I think the
honorable Senator from Kentucky has been diaw-
ing upon his imagination to a most remarkable
extent.
Sir, what is this bill, and what is the real secret
that lies at the bottom of this opposition ? If the
power exists now, it certainly can do no harm to
grant it over again, so far as the exercise of it is
concerned. If it does not exist now, the question
is, whether it is necessary. It is stated to be a
doubtful question whether it does exist; and then
comes up the question of necessity. We are about
to adjourn; there will be along period when Con-
gress will not bo in session; and in the mean time
much may bo done cither for good or evil. The
question is, whether it shall be left in doubt. Now,
here is a simple proposition. If the Postmaster
General finds that, m a certain locality, from in-
surrection or any other cause, the service cannot
be executed, what follows in ordinary times ? It
follows, as suggested the other day by the Sen-
ator from Illinois, [Mr. Douglas,] that the Pres-
ident is bound to execute the laws, and use force
to do it, if necessary, if it is part of the country
over which the Government has jurisdiction, or
is understood to have jurisdiction. Then, this
is—what? A measure to enforce the laws? Not
at all; but merely to suspend their operation; to
relieve the President of the necessity; to relieve
him of the pressure which would otherwise be
upon his conscience, under his oath to enforce the
laws at all hazards; and to say, instead of doing
that, it shall be a simple measure by which the
matter shall be suspended until Congress, at least,
come together and try to do something in regard
to it. It is most eminently a measure of peace, for
avoiding coercion, and avoiding difficulty, as it is
described to be; and yet we find opposition from
gentlemen on the other side. One Senator says the
power is unnecessary; and another, sitting di-
rectly at Ills elbow, that it is horrible and danger-
ous "to the liberties oi the people. Now, whom
are we to follow with reference to tins matter?
Whom are we to believe? Which ground are we
to act upon ?
Sir, what is the secret of all this? The secret
is found in the proposition of the Senator from
Texas, [Mr. Hemphill ] Gentlemen want us
to acknowledge, and to force us to an acknowl-
edgment, 011 this side of the Chamber, that seces-
sion is lawful and has been carried into effect.
They are perfectly willing to agree to this prop-
osition if we will acknowledge that; and gentle-
men here, acting as Senators of the United States,
wish to compel the Congress of the United States
to make that acknowledgment before they will
even pass a measure of pence, before they will
even allow the President to suspend the operation
and the enforcement of the laws. It seems, from
their action, they would rather force the Presi-
dent into the use of force than pass a measure
of this sort without compelling this side of the
Chamber and Congress to consent and assent to
the idea that secession is of itself proper and con-
stitutional, and has been carried into eifect, and
that we have 110 nght to interfere. They will
not let us have a measure of peace, unless we
shall give up our opinions on this subject. That
is simply the truth about it; and the question is,
whether it is to be carried out.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Mr. P resident, I do not know
whether to be mostamazed or amused at the turn
that has been given to this debate, especially upon
this side of the Chamber. I remarked yesterday,
with all sincerity, when this proposition was read
at the Secretary's desk, that it struck me as a
measure of peace. I wag glad to see a measure
of this kind coming from that side of the Cham~
ber. There may be something in the phraseology
that had better be changed. I think it would be
wiser to change it. Those wordsfabout insurrec-
tion or rebellion had better probably be stricken
out.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The words are, 41 resist-
ance to the laws.5'
Mr. DOUGLAS. And "insurrection." I think
they had better be stricken out, so thatit will read,
" if, in any case, the laws cannot bo executed,"
and so on. It does notdo any good to use terms
that irritate; and probably a great many of the
objections to the measure are taken to those words.
I do not desire to use words that are harsh and
irritating on one side, and I will not use words
that recognize the lawfulness of the doctrine of
secession on the other.
Then, sir, the proposition is simply this: to
authorize the Postmaster General to suspend the
mails in cases where they cannot be carried and
delivered in peace and in safety. Prom that sim-
ple proposition, the Senator from Virginia dis-
covers an attempt to take the mail facilities away
from the seceding States, an attempt to keep up
a system of taxation and of burden, while h de-
prives them of the benefit of the Government;
and he asks, why not apply it to the States in
which personal liberty bills have been enacted as
well as to the seceding States? Sir, it does apply
alike to States having peisonal liberty bills and
to seceding States, to loyal States, and to every
State in the Union; to every route where the mails
cannot be carried and delivered peacefully and
safely. The Senator from Virginia is entirely
mistaken in supposing that this resolution has for
its object the stopping of the mails in the seceding
States. Sir, it does not give the power to the
Postmaster General to stop them anywhere, ex-
cept on condition that the carrying of the mails
is obstructed. So long as they are not obstructed,
so long as there is no resistance, this resolution
does not give power to suspend the mails any-
| where; and, from this resolution, the inference is
1 clear that it would be the duty of the Department
I to have the mails canied in the seceding States,
| where there was no objection and no opposition.
| Then, what is the fair constiuction of the rcso-
[lution? That in these States, where this dis-
! turbance now exists, the mails shall be carried
j vvhereverthere is no opposition to it; but wherever
the people are opposed to having the mails, and
obstruct them, theic, in order to avoid collision
and hostilities, the Postmaster may suspend the
mails.
Sir, I think this is a wise measure. I think it
has for its object the removal of causes of irrita-
tion that might lead to collision and bloodshed;
and I am sorry and amazed to find opposition to
it from this (the Democratic) side of the Cham-
ber, unless it be to some of the language I admit
: that the language is unnecessarily'harsh. We do
j not expect by this resolution to require men on
I one side to recognize the doctrine of secession,
nor to require men on the other side expressly to
deny it, when it is not a proposition that is in-
volved in the pending question. The simple ques-
tion is, shall we relieve the President from the
necessity of carrying the mails under the existing
difficulties where the carrying of them will lead
to collision, and perhaps to bloodshed? I would
rather suspend them m all such cases.
The Senator from North Carolina [Mr.BRAGfi]
asks me, by a side remark, how are we to do it?
j My aryjwu- is: if, in any State, the inhabitants
j are hostile to the carrying of the mails, and resist
' the transportation ol them, perhaps seize the
] mails, and the Postmaster General is bound to
• keep up carrying them on those routes, it inevit-
j ably leads to collision; and I am reminded that
! that is wnat has already been done in Texas. [
do not know whether that is the case or not. I
have seen the telegraphic dispatches m the news-
papers that the mails had been seized m Texas.
Mr. LATHAM. The Department has official
information on the subject.
Mr. DOUGLAS. The Senator from Califor-
nia says the Post Office Department lias official
information on that subject. Nov/, sir, if it be
true that the inhabitants upon that line will not
