1800.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
123
, Mr. PETTIT. It was, within my knowledge.
Mr. ADRAIN. I call for the regular order of
business.
:vJt MeCLERNAND. I ask the gentleman
f. do Kentucky to waive his motion for a moment.
Mi. BURNETT. I have made no motion.
Mr. ADRAIN. I have called for the regular
oider ol business, and 1 must insist on it.
SLAVERY,
The SPEAKER stated the regular order of
business to be the consideration of the resolution
offered yesterday by Mr. Crawford, and which
is as follows:
Resolved, That the Constitution of the United States
rcco«fniz<'9. property in slaves; that Congress has passed
IfiuN to aid --lavehokU'.is m locapturing their slaves when-
ever tiiev c ejp ; and make then way into the free States ;
that the Supreme* Oourtof the United States have deeidccl
that ne;rroe> were not included, either m the Declaration of
Independence ot in tho Constitution of the United States,
except as •-laves, and tliat they cannot become citizens;
and we, tne member.- of this Uou-e, heieby sustain and
will v-uppoit this const)action of the Constitution, these
lavvf, and said decision of tin.1 Supreme Court.
Mr. ADRAIN. I desire to offeranamendment
to that resolution.
Mr. GROW. I object to any amendment.
Has not the previous question been sustained?
Mr. ADRAIN. I ask that my amendment
may be read, and I call the previous question
upon it.
Mr. BURNETT. I rise to a question of order.
The gentleman'cannot offer any amendment. The
resolution was offered yesterday and the previous
question was called upoft it, and my recollection
is that it was sustained.
Mr. GROW. And the main question was or-
dered.
The SPEAKER. The Chair believes the gen-
tleman from New Jersey is m order.
Mr. ADRAIN. I thought so.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION
Mr. MeCLERNAND. I rise to a question of
privilege.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will hear the gen-
tleman.
Mr. MeCLERNAND. I desire to make a brief
personal explanation, and I ask the indulgence of
the House to do so.
Mr. ADRAIN. 1 do not wish to interruptthc
gentleman from Illinois if he has any personal
explanation to make; but I hope my amendment
may first be read, and then 1 shall have no objec-
tion to his proceeding.
Mr. MeCLERNAND. I will detain the House
but a moment.
Mr;BURNETT. I desire to call the attention
of the'Speaker to the official report of the proceed-
ings of yesterday in the Globe of this morning.
Mi. MeCLERNAND. I hope the gentleman
will allow me a moment.
Mr. BURNETT. Certainly; T beg the gen-
tleman's pardon.
The SPEAKER, The Chair will hear the gen-
tleman from Illinois.
Ms. MoCLERNAND. Some friend has for-
warded to me the Illinois Journal of the 13th in-
stant, published in the city of Springfield, where
the President elect resides, and where I also re-
side. The Journal is nominally edited by a
dwarfed, perverted, ambiguous specimen of hu-
manity by the name of Baker, a nephew of the
President elect.
Mr. LOVEJOY, I rise to a point of order.
This is not a privileged question.
Mr. MeCLERNAND. Thegcntlemanhasnot
lieaid what 1 have to say.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I make that point of order,
Mr. Speaker.
The SPEAKER. It has been repeatedly ruled
in this House by the Chair and sustained by the
House, that these remarks in tiie public newspa-
pers are not to be considered privileged questions.
Mr. MeCLERNAND. I had the consent of
the House to make a personal explanation.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I object, unless it is in order.
The SPEAKER. If the House consent, the
Chair will hear the gentleman from Illinois with
pleasure. Objection is made; therefore the gen-
tleman cannot be heard.
Mr. ADRAIN. I ask now that my amend-
ment may be read.'
Mr. STANTON. The Globe shows that the
previous question was sustained on the resolution
of the gentlemanfromGeorgia, [Mr.Crawford.]
Mr. MeCLERNAND. 1 understand that I
have the floor by the unanimous consent of the
House, and I am not going to yield it until I am
corrected on that point.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illinois
rose to a privileged question. The Chair stated
that he would, hear the gentleman from Illinois
upon his privileged question, and for that purpose
he had the order of the Chair and the consent of
the House to proceed. When the gentleman com-
menced his remarks, the Chair found that it was
not a privileged question within the decisions of
the Chair and the House, and, objection being
made, the Chair cannot consent that tho gentle-
man shall go on.
Mr. MeCLERNAND. Will the Chair let me
make a suggestion?
The SPEAKER. The Chair would be very
happy to hear the gentleman, but cannot under
the rules of the House.
Mr. MeCLERNAND. I would suggest whether
the Chair is not in error upon a point of fact, that,
although I stated that I rose to a privileged ques-
tion , I said afterwards that my object was to make
a personal explanation, and in that connection
asked the indulgence of the House that 1 might
do so, and was permitted, by the silence of the
House, to proceed for a time.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the gen-
tleman cannot be heard under the decision that
the House has made.
SLAVERY AGAIN.
Mr. ADRAIN. I now ask to have read the
amendment which I offer to the resolution of the
gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Crawford.]
Mr. BURNETT. I wish to call the attention
of the Speaker to the report in the Globe, which
shows that I was right in my statement that the
previous question was called by the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Sherman] and seconded, the
main question ordered, and the yeas and nays
ordered on the adoption of the resolution.
The SPEAKER. The opinion of the clerks
is that that statement is correct; but the fact of
the previous question having been seconded, and
the main question ordered, was inadvertently
omitted from the Journal. The Chair was guided
by the Journal; but of course, whatever the fact
is must prevail. The previous question was sec-
onded; and therefore no amendment to the res-
olution is id order.
Mr. ADRAIN. Then I move to reconsider
the vote by which the main question was ordered.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. BOCOOK. I shall make a motion, Mr.
Speaker; but before I do so, I ask permission of
the House to do what I do not remember to have
ever asked to do^belore during my twelve years'
service in I his House; that is, to make a personal
explanation. My explanation will relate to a
question which was before the House yesterday,
and will be made briefly, and without reflecting
upon any other member of this House.
There was no objection.
Mr. 130C0CK. 1 am the more desirous of
making the explanation, Mi. Speaker, because
1 discover that while the resolution offered yes-
terday by the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Mor-
ris] was pending before the House, that gentle-
man called attention to the fact that there were
some members sitting near him, from the South,
who failed to vote. I did not vote. It might be
supposed, therefore, that I was one of the indi-
viduals sitting in the House at that time and de-
clining to vote. I wish to say now, Mr. Speaker,
that since 3 have been a member of the House of
Reprefc>entdti\es, and so long as I shall continue a
member of it, I have not sought, and shall not
seek, toescapeany responsibility properly attach-
ing to my position heie. If I ever have declined
to vote on any proposition coming before the
House, it has not been from any desire of mine to
escape any personal responsibility. I may have
sometimes done so, because propositions have
been so ambiguously worded as to leave their
meaning doubtful, or deceive the country as to the
true position of niembeis here.
Now, m regard to the resolution if the gentleman
from Illinois, if I had been in the House when
the vote was taken, 1 should not have had any
difficulty as to my vote; audi cheerfully and freely
come forward now to range myself by the side of
those gentlemen who, on this occasion, recorded
their votes against that resolution. I should have
done so, ifl had* been in the House. I shall take
some opportunity hereafter to define my position
on all these questions more at large.
As I am on the floor now, I submit a motion to
lay on the table the motion of thegentleman from
New Jersey, [Mr. 4drain,] to reconsider the votte
of yesterday by winch the main ..question wap
ordered.
Mr. GILMER addressed the Speaker.
Mr. ADRAIN. I believe I have the floor. I
gave way to the gentleman from Virginia [Mr.
Bocock] for a personal explanation; but 1 cannot
give way further.
Mr. GILMER. I desire that the vote should
be reconsidered, because I wish to have the res-
olution modified in a shape which will, I think,
meet the approval of thegentleman from Georgia.
I ask the indulgence of the House to read the
proposition which I wish to make.
' Mr. LOVEJOY. I object.
Mr. SHERMAN. I rise to n question of priv-
ilege. I am anxious to have the deficiency bill
passed to-day; and while I desire that the gen-
tleman from Georgia shall have a fair vote on his
proposition, I hope that he will allow it togoover
till next Monday. For that purpose, I move to
lay the whole subject on the tabte; and I promise
the gentleman from Georgia, that next Monday,
if I can aid him, he shall nave a fair vote.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I desire to say, in re^Iy
to what has fallen from the gentleman from Ohio,
that I am very anxious, indeed, that we shall have
a fair and square vote on the questions involved in
my resolution; and I want that to be done at
once. But the motion made by the gentleman
from Ohio is not m order after the motion sub-
mitted by the gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Bo-
cock] to lay on the table th© motion to reconsider
the vote by which the main question was ordered.
I would myself, if permitted by the House, offer
an amendment to my resolution, which does noth-
ing more nor less than make it conform more
nearly, as I understand it, to the decision of the
Supreme Court. To this the gentlemen on the
other side would not, I apprehend, object. It
would, in all probability, cover the difficulty in
the way of the member from North Carolina,
[Mr. Gilmer,] and perhaps, also, to some extent,
the difficulty in the way of the member from New
Jersey, [Mr. AdUain.] Therefore, if the House
will permit me to modify my icsolution, we can
taken-vote on Hat once, and have the question
disposed of. I am willing, however, to have a
vote taken on tho resolution as proposed yester-
day.
Air. SHERMAN. I feel assured that the ques-
tion will occupy the entire day, as the resolution
containsat least three affirmative propositions,and
there is a disposition to divide them. I am per-
fectly willing that Monday shall be devoted to
this kind of business; but I do hope that gentle-
men will allow us to devote this day to the defi-
ciency bill. I therefore move to lay the whole
subject on the table.
Mr. BURNETT. The Pacific railroad bill is
a special ord<jr for to-day.
Mr. CURTIS That is a reason why we should
get rid of this other question.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I rise to a point of order.
The gentleman from New Jersey moved to recon-
sider the vote ordering the main question. The
gentleman from Virginia moved to lay the motion
to reconsider on the table. Now, I ask whether,
in that state of the question, it is in order to irrove
to lay the whole subject on the table ?
The SPEAKER. Tho Chair supposes the
motion is in order.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I am well satisfied that
there is no subject of more importance to all sides
of the House than the subject-matter of this res-
olution, and I call for the yeas and nays on the
motion to lay it on the table.
The yeas and nays were oidered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 89, nays 92; as follows:
YEAS—Mossis. Charles F. Adams, Aldrich, Alh'H,
Alley, Ashley, Babbitt. Beale, Bingham, Blair, Blake,
Brayton, Bufonton, Buil'uisamc, Buinhaw, Butterfield,
Caivy, Ca^e, Colfax, Conklmg, Curtis. Dawes. J)eltno,
Duels, Edjjerton, Edwards, Eliot. Ely, Fnrnsvvortii, Fentftn/
Foster, Fiank, Fiend), Gooeh, Graham, Grow, Gurley,,
llaie. Halt, Ueimiek, Hickman, Hoard, ttufchins, Irvme,
Junk.u, Fi.mois VV\ KMloag, Kenyon. Kilgore, Kiilieger,
DeWitt O. Leach, I^ee, Ijon^neciccr, Loomi*5, Lovcjoy,
McKean,McKnigbt, McPherson,Millward, Nixon, Palmer,
