1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1088
the chair.) It is the duty of the Chair to call the
attention of the Senate to the special older fixed
for this hour, which is a motion to print addi-
tional copies of the President's message commu-
nicating a series of resolutions adopted by the
Legislature of Virginia, having in view a peace-
able settlement of the difficulties which now
threaten the Union; and on that question the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts [Mr. Wilson] is entitled
to the floor.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move that the further
consideration of that subject be postponed to a
future day that may be satisfactory to gentle-
men.
Several Senators. This evening.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If it is the wish of Sen-
ators, I will say seven o'clock this evening, in
order to take up the miscellaneous appropriation
bill. I understand the Senator from Oregon [Mr.
Lane] will make no objection to that.
Mr. WILSON. I have the floor on this sub-
ject; but by the arrangement made last night, I
have yielded it to the Senator from Oregon; and
the whole matter is now before the Senate.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will simply state, in re-
gard to that, that the arrangement made last night
was between theSenator from Massachusetts and
the Senator from Oregon, so that if this subject
came up, theSenator from Oregon would now be
entitled to the floor; but he has very kindly said
to me that if I desired to bring up an appropriation
bill this morning, he would not stand in the way;
and,of course, on the strength of that declaration,
I made the motion to postpone.
Mr. LANE. I am very willing that the sub-
ject shall be postponed to-a day ccrtain;and then
I trust the Senator from Massachusetts will ex-
tend to me the courtesy of the floor.
Mr. WILSON. If the Senate postpone this
question until seven o'clock this evening, I hope
it is understood that the Senator from Oregon first
has the floor upon it. I yield it to him.
Mr. LANE. If it would suit the Senator from
Massachusetts, and other Senators as well, to
postpone it until Monday, it would be quite as
convenient to me.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I suppose the Senator will
not object to postponing the subject to this even-
ing; so that, if he does not choose to take the floor,
the Senator from Massachusetts may. He is per-
fectly willing to go on this evening.
Mr. WILSON. I will go on then, if the Sen-
ator does not choose to do so.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That being the under-
standing, I make the motion to postpone the fur-
ther consideration of this subject until this evening
at seven o'clock.
The PRESIDING- OFFICER. If there be no
objection, that will be considered as the sense of
the Senate. The Chair hears no objection.
INTERNAL IMPROVEMENTS.
Mr. HARLAN. I ask tiie unanimous consent
of the Senate to submit the following resolution;
and I hope it will be considered now:
Reiolvcd, That the Committee on Commerce be in-
stmeted to inquire into the expediency and probable cost
of constructing a steamboat canal from Lake Michigan to
the navigable waters of Illinois river; and what additional
appropriations are necessary to remove the obstructions in
the Mississippi river at the DesMoines and Rock river rap-
ids ; and that they have leave to report by bill or otherwise.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent; and agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have a memorial on that
identical subject; and I should like to present it
now, if there be no objection, and have it referred
to the same committee. It is a petition of George
S. Rumsey and others, citizens of the United
States, mostly residing at Chicago, Illinois, ask-
ing that the channel between the head waters of
Lake Michigan and the Illinois river may be so
opened or deepened that vessels and steamboats
trading on the Mississippi river and its branches,
may be able to pass through it; alluding to the
difficulties of the times; and asking Congress to
take steps to make steamboat navigation between
the Mississippi river and its branches and the
lakes for the benefit of the commerce of the west-
ern country, and not to have it dependent upon
the lower Mississippi. I ask that it be referred
to the same committee—the Committee on Com-
merce—to which the resolution offered by the Sen-
ator from Iowa was referred.
The motion was agreed to.
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Forney, its Clerk, announced that the
House had concurred in the amendments of the
Senate to the bill of the House (No. 914) making
appropriations for the naval service for the year
ending the 30th of June, 1862
RAFT OE RED RIVER.
The message further announced that the House
had concurred in the amendment of the Senate to
the, joint resolution (H. R. No. 43) giving the
assent of Congress to certain acts passed, or to be
passed, by the Legislatures of the States of Ark-
ansas, Louisiana, and Texas, orany two of them,
in relation to the raft of Red river, and for other
purposes.
PRINTINO OF DOCUMENTS.
The.message furtherannounced that the House
had ordered to be printed, on the 21st instant, a
letter from the Secretary of War, transmitting a
statement of the contingent expenses of the War
Department—ordered at twelve o'cloclcand twelve
minutes.
BILLS BECOME LAWS.
The message further announced that the Presi-
dent of the United States had approved and signed,
on the 13th instant, the following bill and joint
resolution:
An act (H. R. No. 545) granting a pension to
Gregory Patti; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 57) for the ben-
efit of Duvall & Brothers.
Also, that the President had approved and
signed, on the 18th instant, the following bills:
An act (H. R. No. 554) to extend the right of
appeal from decisions of circuit courts to the
Supreme Court of the United States;
An act (H."R. No. 841) making further pro-
visions in relation to consolidated offices; and
An act (H. R. No. 623) for the relief of Wil-
liam Cowing.
Also, that the President had approved and
signed, on the 19th instant, the following bills
and joint resolution:
An act (H. R. No. 866) to supply deficiencies
in the appropriations for the service for the fiscal
year ending June 30,1861;
An act (H. R.No. 892) making appropriations
for the legislative, executive, and judicial expenses
of the Government, for the year ending the 30th
of June, 1862; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 5) authorizing
the proper accounting officers of the Treasury to
revise anil adjust the account of John Randolph
Clay, United States minister to Peru.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message further announced that the Speaker
had signed the following enrolled bill and joint
resolutions; which thereupon received the signa-
ture of the Vice President.
A bill (H. R. No. 914) making appropriations
for the naval service for the year ending the 30th
of June, 1802;
A joint resolution (S. No. 49) repealing the
joint resolution, approved June 15, 1860, for the
relief of William II. De Groot; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 43) giving the
assent ofCongress to certain acts passed, orto be
passed, by the Legislatures of the States of Ark-
ansas, Louisiana, and Texas, orany two of them,
in relation to the raft of Red river, and for other
purposes.
CIVIL APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. BRIGHT obtained the floor.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr. President 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Indiana is entitled to the floor.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I had not yielded it. I
was about to move to take up the miscellaneous
appropriation bill.
Mr. BRIGHT. I shall make no objection, of
course, to that motion, and I shall not object to
taking up the bill the Senator refers to; but I give
notice that when it comes up before the Senate,
as the business of the Senate, I shall move to pro-
ceed to the consideration of executive business.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Well, sir; we will try
that question. I renew my motion to take up the
appropriation bill I have indicated.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (H. R. No. 895) making appropria-
tions for sundry civil expenses of, the Government
for the year ending 30th of June, 1862.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Mr. BRIGHT. I now move to suspend the
prior order of business, for the purpose of pro-
ceeding to the consideration of executive business;
and on that motion I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hope the Senate will not
go into executive session. It is very important
to get through with business.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion is
not debatable.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Bigler, Bragg, Bright, Clingman,
Crittenden, Douglas, Fitch, Green, Gvvin, Hemphill, Hun-
ter, Johnson of Arkansas, Johnson ofTennessee, Kennedy,
Lane, Latham, Mason, Nicholson, Pearce, Polk, Powell,
Rice, Sebastian, Thomson, and Wigfall—26.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Baker, Bingham, Cameron,
Chandler, Clark, Collamer, Dixon, Doolittle, Durkee, Fes-
senden, Foot, Foster, Grimes,Hale, Harlan, King, Morrill,'
Seward, Simmofis, Sumner, Ten Eyck, Trumbull, Wade,
Wilkinson, and Wilson—26.
The VICE PRESIDENT. On this question,
the yeas are 26 and the nays 26. The Senate
being equally divided, the Chair will determine
the question in the affirmative.
The Senate thereupon proceeded to the consid-
eration of executive business; and after two and
a half hours spent therein, the doors were re-
opened.
SAMDEL S. GREEN.
Mr. HALE. The Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads, to whom was referred the bill
(H. R. No.514) forthe relief ofSamuelS. Green,
have instructed me to report it back and recom-
mend its passage. The bill was explained the
other day by the Senator from Maine; and I then
promised that if the committee, on investigation,
found it to be right, we would recommend its im-
mediate passage. I ask for its present consider-
ation.
There being no objection, the bill was con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. HUNTER. Why is Congress called on
to remit these fines? That is usually done at the
Department.
Mr. FESSENDEN. For the reason that it
was a case under Mr. Campbell, and as he would
not rcftlit them, his successor would not; although
it is so very strong a case that it seems astonish-
ing to everybody that he should not have done so.
The matter has been investigate!! now by two
committees. The account was closed by Mr.
Campbell, and his successor refuses to open it.
He accedes to the propriety of the thing in itself,
but says he cannot undertake to open the account.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment.
Mr. PEARCE. I should like to know what
the extraordinary circumstances are that call on
Congress for this interposition.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will explain it in less
than five minutes. I explained it once before in
the Senate, and the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads said the case ought to go to them,
and if the facts turned out as I said, they would
recommend the passage of the bill. It has gone
to them, and they have unanimously found the
facts to be so, and recommend its passage. It is
a simple case where a man undertook a Post Office
contract on a route by steamboat—a new and un-
tried route, where there were no lights and no
buoys—and he failed on some occasions to come
up to the contract time; but no sort of difficulty
occurred to the Department in consequence of it.
If he did not arrive at his destination on account
of a fog at one o'clock to-day, when he was due,
for instance, and he arrived to-morrow morning,
the Postmaster General fined him, I believe, about
twenty-two hundred dollarj. No evil conse-
quences happened in any way, for there was no
connection to be made. The result was that he
lost a considerable amount by fines. His con-
tract was the first contract for this service. He
carried it out, and carried it out under great diffi-
culties, and he lost money on it, although the
price was $26,000. The next man who took it
had $46,000, and did not complete his contract;
and the present man who has the same contract
