1M
TH1 CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 18,
Petty, Pettit, Porter, Pottle, Edwin R. Reynolds, John H.
Reynolds, Rice, Royce, Scranton, Sed«wiCk, Spaulding,
Spinner, Stanton, William Stewart, Tappan, Thayer,
Tompkins, Train, Trimble, Vandever, Verree, Wade.Wal-
dron, Walton, Cadwalader O.Washburn, Eiiilm B. Wash-
burne, israei Washburn, Wells, Wilson, and Wood—89.
NAYS—Messrs. Green Adams, Adrain, Thomas L. An-
derson, William C. Anderson, Ashmore, Avery, Barks-
dale, Barret, Bocoek, Boteler, Bouligny; Boyce, Branch,
Briggs, Brown, Burnett, Carter, Horace P. Clark, John B.
Clark, Clemens, Clopton. Cobb, John Cochrane, Cox,
James Craig, Barton Craige, Crawford, Curry, John G.
Davis, De Jarhette, Eomtindson, English, Etheridg'e, Flor-
ence, Garriett, (Jartrell. Gilmer, Hardeman, J. Morrison
Harris, John T. Harris, Hatton, Hill, Hindman, Holman,
VViliiam Uoward,- Hughes, Jackson. Jones, Kunkel, Lan-
dyum, Larrahiic, James M: Leach, Leake, Logan,Maclay,
Mallory, Charles D. Martin, Maynard, McClernand, Mc-
tfenty, McQueen, Montgomery, Laban T.Moore, Syden-
ham Moore*, Isaac N. Morns, Nibiack, Noeil, Pendleton,
Peyton, Pryor, Pugh, Quarles, Reagan. Riggs, James C.
Kobinson, Scott, Sherman, Sickles, Simms, Singleton,
William Smith, William N. II. Smith, Stallworth, Steven-
son, James A. Stewart, Stokes, Thomas, Underwood,
Vance, Webster, Woodson, and Wright—92.
So the House refused to lay the whole subject
on the table.
During the vote,
Mr. SCOTT stated that Messrs. Bcrch and
Stout were engaged on the committee of thirty-
three.
Mr. BRANCH stated that Mr. Ruffin was
confined to his room by indisposition.
Mr. BURNHAM made a similar statement in
regard to Mr. Woodruff.
Mr. VALLANDJGHAM (when his name
was called) said: I concur generally in this reso-
lution, though, upon one point, I would word it
differently, to avoid misinterpretation. But this
Government cannot now be saved by resolutions.
I was absent yesterday, and did not vote then
upon certain resolutions for that reason; and I pro-
pose now to decline votingupon all similar prop-
ositions, until someehing shall be presented in a
practical way arid form.
Mr. THEAKER stated that if he had been
present when his name was called he would have
voted "ay."
Mr. MOORHEAD made a similar statement.
Mr. FOUKE stated that if he had been present
when his name was called he should have voted
" no."
Mr. MARTIN, of Virginia. 1 ask the unani-
mous consent of the House to vote on this ques-
tion. It has been customary to allow gentlemen
who v/oro absent to come in and vote on these
questions.
Mr. HOARD. I object.
Mr. MARTIN, of Virginia. I was absent on
business at the Department, and could not pos-
sibly get here in time.
Mr. SHERMAN. For the purpose of enabling
me to submit a privileged motion, I change my
vote, and vote in the negative. I wish all the
members of the House to be present, and to record
their votes on this proposition.
The vote was announced as above recorded.
Mr. SHERMAN. For the purpose of giving
all an opportunity of a direct vote upon this ques-
tion, I will move to reconsider the vote just taken,
by which the House refused to lay the resolution
on the table. That will give us all an oppor-
tunity.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. If it be in order,
I will move that there be a call of the House.
The SPEAKER. It would not be in order to
move ft call of the House, the main question
having been ordered.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I desire now, in order to
accomplish the same object stated by the gentle-
man from Ohio, that we may have a direct vote
upon the issue which we on this side desire to
present, to slate a modification which I propose
to the resolution as submitted yesterday. I ask
that it bo read; and then gentlemen can determine
whether they object to it.
Several Members objected.
Mr. STEVENSON. I move to lay the motion
to reconsider on the table, and upon that motion
call the yeas and nays.
Mr. CURRY. I desire to ask this question
of the Chair: I wish to know whether it is in
order to make the motion to reconsider twicer
We have just voted down a motion to lay the
motion to reconsider on the table.
The SPEAKER. The motion just voted on
was to lay the resolution on the table.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I desire to inquire of the
Chair, what will be the effect of the motion to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table, if carried
by the House ? What would be the next ques-
tion before the House ?
The SPEAKER. The question would then
recur on the motion of the gentleman from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Stevenson] to lay on the table the
motion to reconsider the vote by which the main
question was ordered to be put.
Mr. BARKSDALE. And if the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table, the question will
then come'up directly on the resolution?
The SPEAKER. It will, unless another mo-
tion to lay on the table be made.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I hope we shall be
permitted to take a direct vote upon this question.
Mr. SHERMAN. If I withdraw my motion
to lay on the table, can we have one square vote
upon the resolution ?
Several Members. Yes.
Mr. ADRAIN. The gentleman from Ohio can-
not withdraw my motion. I moved to reconsider
the vote by which the main question was ordered,
and I do not withdraw that motion.
Mr. KUNKEL. I understand the previous
question has been called, and the main question
ordered, on the resolution of the gentleman from
Georgia. Am I correct?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman states cor-
rectly.
Mr. KUNKEL. Then, sir, I make this point
of order: that it is not now in order to move
to reconsider the vote of the House refusing to
lay upon the table the main proposition, or to
vote upon any other proposition except upon
the motion of the gentleman from New Jersey,
or a motion to adjourn. The privileged ques-
tions are specified in their order m the rules, and
one of them is the motion to lay on the table. The
vote has been taken on that motion, and 1 submit
that it is not in order to move to reconsider the
vote by which the House refused to lay the res-
olution on the table, while the main question is
still operating. That is my question of order;
and I ask that, before the Chair decides it, he will
have the rule read which states what,privileged
questions have priority.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
question of order, and decides that the motion of
tne gentleman from Ohio is in order.
Mr. KUNKEL. I ask the Clerk to read the
rule stating the privileged motions which it is
competent to make after the main question has
been ordered.
The SPEAKER. The Chair knows of no spe-
cial rule governtng this case. If the gentleman
will refer to the rule, it will be read. The Clerk
cannot find such a rule.
Mr. STEVENSON. If I withdraw my motion
to lay on the table, will the question then arise
directly upon the motion of the gentleman from
Ohio?
The SPEAKER. It will.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I understand that
if the motion to lay on the table be withdrawn,
thfi motion to reconsider, made by the gentleman
from New Jersey, will then be withdrawn, and we
may have a vote directly upon the resolution.
Mr. SHERMAN. With the understanding
that we may have one direct square vote upon the
resolution, without division of the question, I am
willing to withdraw the motion to lay on the table.
Mr. ADRAIN. I desire that my amendment
shall be acted on by the House; ana to enable me
to offer it, I moved to reconsider the vote by which
the main question was ordered; and I cannot
withdraw that motion unless the gentleman from
Georgia is willing to accept my amendment as a
part of his resolution.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I will not consent to
any modification of the resolution, unless it be
done in order.
Mr. KUNKEL. I now ask that the Clerk may
read, upon the point of order which I a moment
ago raised, from page 127 of the compilation made
up by the Journal clerk of the House.
The Clerk read, as follows:
" When a question is under debate, no motion shall be
received but to adjourn, to He on the table, for the previous
question, to postpone to a dity- certain, to commit or amend,
to postpone indefinitely ; winch several motions shall have
precedence in the order in winch they are arranged."
Mr. KUNKEL. I am aware that the motion
to reconsider may be made after the main question
has been ordered; but I submit that the motion
to lay on the table having been decided by the
House in the negative, it is not in order to bring
it again before the House on a motion to recon-
sider; otherwise, we could never be able to dis-
pose of the preliminary motions, and come to a
direct vote upon the main question.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will read the 49th
rule.
The Clerk read, as follows:
" When a motion has been once made, and carried in the
affirmative or negative, itshallbeinorder tor any member
of the majority to move for the reconsideration thereof on
the same or succeeding day; and such motion shall Take
precedence of all other questions, except a motion to ad-
journ, and shall not be withdrawn afterthesaid succeeding
day withoutthe consentof the House : and thereafter any
member may call it up for consideration."
Mr. KUNKEL. In connection with that, I
aslc the Clerk to read down to the bottom of the
page from the Manual.
Mr. BINGHAM. I object. The -Chair has
decided the point of order, and there is nothing
before the House upon which this reading can
proceed.
The SPEAKER.. The Chair has decided the
question of order. He, however, was willing to
hear the rule read. The Chair is perfectly satis-
fied that it is competent for the gentleman from
Ohio to make the motion to reconsider. Does he
insist upon his motion ?
Mr SHERMAN. I do.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Kentucky insist upon his motion to lay the mo-
tion to reconsider on tlft table?
Mr. STEVENSON. I do.
The SPEAKER. Then the question is upon
the motion of the gentleman from Kentucky.
Mr. HINDMAN. Before a vote is taken upon
the proposition pending, I would be glad to ac-
cept of the proposition of the gentleman from
Ohio, to hsxe one direct, square vote upon the
matters in c&ntroversy between the different sec-
tions which we respectively represent. But ac-
cording to my understanding, the proposition as
now presented does not, with as perfect accuracy
as it might, make its statements of facts; and in
order that these statements may be made perfectly
plain and palpable, that there may be no dodging,
I ask that a substitute which I have before me
may be read, and that the gentleman from Geor-
gia may be permitted to substitute it for his own,
if he shall so wish.
Mr. BINGHAM. I object.
Mr. HINDMAN. Then it is evident thatgen-
tlemen do not desire a fair and square vote upon
this matter.
Mr. GILMER. I have desired all the morning
to have an amendment which I wish to propose
to the resolution of the genlleman from Georgia
read. Now, unless that can be done, I must
respectfully object to any other proposition being
read.
Mr. ADRAIN. I object to the reception of any
amendment until my own is received, for it was
the first one offered.
The SPEAKER. Objection being made, the
amendment of the gentleman from North Carolina
cannot be entertained.
The yeas and nays were ordered on Mr. Ste-
venson's motion that the motion to reconsider be
laid upon the table.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 87, nays 91; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Green Adams, Adrain, Thomas L. An-
derson, William C. Andei'.-ori, Avery, Baiksdule, Barr,
Barret, Bocock, Boteler, Bouhgny, B03 ce, Branch, Briggs,
Brown, Burnett, Horace F. Clark, John B. Clark, Clemens,
Ciopton, Cobb, John Cochrane, Cos, James Ciaig, Bui ton
Craige, Crawford, Curry, John C. Davis, De Jarnette, Ed-
mundson, English, Florence, Fouke, Garnett, Gartrell,
Gilmer, Hardeman, J. Morrison Harris, John T. Harris,
Hatton, Hill, Hindinan, Holman, Hughes, Jackson, Jones,
Kilgore, Kunkel, Landrum, Larrabee. Jmnes M Leach,
Leake, Logan, Maclay, Mallory, Charles D. Martin, Elbert
S. Martin, McClernand, McKenty, Montgomery, Laban
T. Moore, Sydenham Moore, Isaac N. Morns, Nthlack,
Noeil, Pendleton, Peyton, Prvor, Q.uarles, Reagan, Itiggs,
James C. Robinson, Scott, Sickles, Simms, Singleton,
William Smith, Stallworth, Stevenson, James A. Stew-
art, Stokes, Thomas, Underwood, Vance, Webster, Wood-
son, and Wright—87.
NAYS—Messrs. Aldriell, Allen, Alley, Ashley, Babbitt,
Beale, Bingham, Blair, Blake, Brayton, Bufflliton, Burlm-
game, Burnham, Buttcrficld, Carey, Carter, Case, Colfax,
Conkimg, Covode, Curtis, Dawes, Delano, Edgeiton, Ed-
wards, Eliot, Ely, Farnsworth, Fenton, Foster, Fiank,
French, Gooch, Graham, Grow, Guriey, Hale, Hall, liel-
mick, Hoard, llmehins, Iivme, Junkm, Francis W. Kel-
logg, Kenyon, Killinger, DeWitt C. Leach, Lee, Long-
necker, Looimo, Lovejoy, MeKean, McKniglit, Mci'iier-
