1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
*085
Mr. FESSENDEN. I say there were a great
many duplicates of the collections which are pro-
posed to be distributed among the several States,
and this sum is necessary in order to have them
arranged and distributed.
Mr. GRIMES. How many such appropria-
tions have been made for distribution heretofore ?
Mr. FESSENDKN. This is the first appro-
priation of the sort:
For the distribution of the collection* of the exploring
and surveying expeditions of the Government, and the con-
struction of additional ca-<es to receive such paitof said
collections as may be retained by the Government,$6,000.
There arc two things provided for in this amend-
ment. Both are necessary. The sum is a very
reasonable one. The Committee on Finance ex-
amined this matter, and came to the conclusion
that it was proper to make this appropriation.
The only alteration we have made is to put it in
a better shape than it was before. The chairman
of the committee thought the lines proposed to be
stricken out were indefinite.
Mr. GRIMES. I understand this is the first
appropriation ever made for distribution?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Yes, sir.
Mr. PEARCE. Mr. Piesident, these collec-
tions are made by all the expeditions sent out by
the Government. A great many of them are sent
overland to the Northwest. All of them bring
home collections of natural history. They are all
sent to the Smithsonian Institution, where they
are arranged and classified. Wc have no mean's
for keeping these specimens there; and it is very
desirable that the duplicates should be given to
the colleges and scientific institutions throughout
the country. This appropriation is not a large
one. These specimens have been collecting for a
number of years; and the object now is to distrib-
ute them to places where they would be valua-
ble—that is all.
Mr. GRIMES. Under what, law, to what in-
stitutions, and in what manner, are they distrib-
uted ?
Mr. PEARCE. There is no law that J ftm
aware of for the distribution; but it has been pro-
posed by the Secretary of the Interior that these
objects should be thus distributed. They will be
distributed by the Smithsonian Institution, in
whose care they are placed.
Mr. GRIMES. According to the discretion of
the superintendent of that institution ?
Mr. PEARCE. Yes, sir; with the approba-
tion of the Interior Department, of course, which
is required for all things of this sort.
Mr. HALE. Then, I think, Congress should
not appropriate the money. 1 think they ought
to be distributed by law, as books and manu-
scripts aie, and should 'not bo given to the dis-
cretion of this Department.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Why not add the words:
" in the discretion of the Secretary of the Inte-
rior ?"
Mr. HALE. There does not seem to be any
necessity for the provision at all.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Polk in
the chair.) if no amendment be offered, the ques-
tion will be on the amendment reported from the
Committee on Finance.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I suppose the amendment
may be amended.
The PRESIDINGOFFICER. Certainly; but,
as the Chair stated, no amendment being offeerd
to it, the question is on the amendment as reported
by the committee.
Mr. HUNTER. It seems to me that before we
adopt this amendment, its friends ought to put
somelimitation on it by which hereafter the Smith-
sonian Institution is hot to receive these things;
for I am afraid it will be the beginning of a sys-
tem of annual distribution like those Patent Office
seeds, and may lead us into a large annual ex-
penditure, unlessthereis some limitation. I would
be willing to distribute them once, if yon would
put a stop to it there; and there ought to be some-
thing done to prevent the receipt of these things
hereafter.
Mr. PEARCE. The Smithsonian Institution
has not the slightest interest in this thing whatso-
ever; but the Government has for years, having
no other place to put them, sent all these collec-
tions to the Smithsonian Institution, which build-
ing, large as it is, is very much lumbered up by
them. If you keep them there, they will be com-
pelled to turn other collections away. There is no
room to receive any more. They are enormous
in bulk and very numerous. It is desirable to get
rid of them; and we cannot make a better dispo-
sition of them than to send them to colleges and
scientific institutions which have already collec-
tions of this sort, though imperfect. It is a very
remarkablecollection of objects in natural history.
There is no desire on the part of the institution to
obtain the distribution of this collection. It is a
gratuitous thing on their part altogether. This is
not for their advantage at all, except so far as it
will relieve the building of the incumbrance of
such an immense collection; and yet it can never
be done except by authority of law. This is the
first occasion on which it has been asked.
Mr. HUNTER. I have no idea that this is to
advantage the Smithsonian Institution. 1 believe
the object of the amendment is a good one; but
why not allow them to give these things to those
that may apply? Why appropriate money for
the purpose of distributing them? Why not allow
them to give them to those who may apply, ac-
cording to their judgment? That would throw
the expense upon those who received them. Cut
if we once begin with this appropriation, I am
afraid wo shall go on distributing these collections
just as we do the seeds at the Patent Office.
Mr. PEARCE. A large part of this appropria-
tion is intended for the construction of cases to
receive such portions of the collections asmaybe
retained by the Government. The expense of
their distribution will be very small indeed. We
do not mean to pay the expenses of their distri-
bution. They will be paid by the institutions to
whom they go.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Of course, this is only an
amendment to the preceding one. Was the other
amendment struck out >
Mr. PEARCE. Yes, sir; I think so.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 will inquire whether
the amendment proposed in the two hundred and
twentieth line, to strike out the words " and dis-
tribution," after the word "preservation" has
been acted on.
The PRESIDIO OFFICER. The Chair is
informed by the Secretary that that amendment
has not been acted on, and will now put the ques-
tion on the amendment to strike out, in line two
hundred and twenty, after the word " preserva-
tion," the words "and distribution;" so that the
clause will read:
Foi preservation of the collections of the exploring and
surveying expeditions of the Government, .$4,000.
Mr. GRIMES. I apprehend there is not a col-
lege or museum in the land but would be willing i
and anxious to have the opportunity to come
here to the Smithsonian Institution, and take its
proportion of these fossils or specimens •
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Will the Sen-
ator from Iowa allow the Chair to state that the
amendment which has just been read precedes the
one under consideration, and the Senate should
pass on that first; and then the subject of remark
to which the Senator from Iowa is directing his
attention would be appropriate.
Mr. HUNTER. The proposition is to strike
out one, and insert; so that now is the time to
speak upon it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Not at all.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. No, sir; this
precedes the other. The* question is on the adop-
tion of the amendment last read.
Mr. HUNTER. Is that an amendment on
which wc can come at this question?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. No, sir; it is
the amendment that precedes it.
Mr. GRIMES. It is the amendment in line
two hundred and twenty, I understand.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secretary
will report the amendment.
The Secretary again read it. On page 10, line
two hundred and twenty, to strike out the words
"and distribution;"so that the clausewill read:
Exploiting Erprd;hr.n.— Vor pie-ervation of the collec-
tion-? of the e\p!oung and Mieveymg expeditions of the
Government, .<?4,eou.
Mr. PEARCE. These words were improperly
put in. That appropriation is the one which we
make annually. These collections were all m the .
Patent Office, and as the Department of the Inte-
rior wanted the Patent Office for other purposes,
provision was made by law for transferring these
collections to the Smithsonian Institution, the
Government paying the expense. The annual
expense is about four thousand dollars. By a
mistake, the word " distribution" was put in the
bill as it came from the House^of Representa-
tives* This money is wanted for the "preserva-
tion of the collections, and not for their distribu-
tion; and therefore we move to strike out ths
words " and distribution." * 1
The motion to strike out was agreed to.
The Secretary read the next amendment of the'
Committee on Finance; which was to strike o\it
line two hundred twenty-three to line two hun-
dred and twenty-six, inclusive, in the following
words:
" For the preservation of the collections of the explor-
ing and surveying expeditions of the Government,'and the
construction of suitable cases to receive said collections*
$6,000." 9
Mr. GRIMES. Mr. President 
Mr. FESSENDEN. Striking out these words
will accomplish the Senator's purpose.
Mr. GRIMES. I do 8ot know that. The bill,
as it came from the House of Representatives,
furnished an appropriation for the preservation of
these things. That I am willing shall be done;
but I am unwilling that a distribution shall be
made by which these articles are to be distributed
over the country without Congress specifying the
manner in which they shall bedistributed. I want
to know how they are to be distributed. I am
content that they should be distributed; and I
think, if there is an excess of them here, they
should be distributed in some way, either by al-
lowing persons and institutions in different por-
tions of the country to come here and obtain them;
or else, if y*)u see fit to do so, allowing the super-
intendent of the institution to distribute them;
but he should not be permitted to distribute them
on any principle of favoritism; as, I fear,may be
the case, unless you provide m the law specifically
in what manner they shall be distributed. For
instance: we might say that one institution in each
State, or ..two institutions in each State,should be
furnished with these specimens, or that they should
be distributed to certain specified institutions; but
I am unwilling to leave the matter entirely to the
discretion of the Secretary of the Interior, or the
superintendent of the Smithsonian Institution.
Mr. FESSENDEN. My friend from Iowa is
a little too fast. If he will look at this amend-
ment, he will find that it is merely to strike out
the words in lines two hundred and twenty-three,
two hundred and twenty-four, two hundred and
twenty-five, and two hundred and twenty-six,
for which other words are to be substituted. If
these words be stricken out, and the others be not
substituted, he accomplishes his object. The
question he is debating is really the substitution,
which is simply to put in this clause in a more
definite form. There can be no objection to strik-
ing out these words.
Mr. HUNTER. The Senator from Iowa will
accomplish his present purpose if we should re-
fuse to strike out, and leave the clause as it stands.
The difference between the two is, that the amend-
ment proposes to distribute as well as to preserve
these collections; and the words proposed to be
stricken out merely provide for the preservation.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The provision above,
which has been already adopted, makes all the
appropriation necessary to preserve the collec-
tions. Then we come to the clause which provides
for the distribution, and that it is proposed to
strike out and to insert a redraft of the provision
in another form. The first paragraph applies to
the preservation.
Mr. HUNTER. Then the plan would be to
vote for striking out, and to vote against inserting
what it is proposed to insert.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There is no objection to
appropriating the $4,000 for the preservation.
That is done. That is necessary. Then comes
for the preservation again. That is a mistake;
and therefore the clause was redrafted by the
committee, so as to provide for the distribution.
We do not want to provide once more for pre-
serving the collections that aie to be kept there,
and therefore these words ought to be "stricken
out.
Mr. HUNTER. I say strike out these words;
and then, if you oppose the distribution, vote
against the amendment which proposes to insert
the other words.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is precisely what I
am. proposing to the Senator from Iowa: to let
