1086
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 21,
these words be stricken out, anil then bring up the
question in that way.
Mr. PEARCE. I should like to say to the Sen-
ator from Iowa, that there are collections enough
to supply every college and every scientific insti-
tution interested in such matters in the country,
and our intention is to supply the whole of them;
there cannot be any favoritism; but we must make
some small appropriation for it, although we do
not propose to pay the transportation. It would
not do, for example, to let the president of a col-
lege come here and select just what he would pick
and carry away. That would produce the very
effect which the Senator is so desirous of avoid-
ing- One institution would get too much, per-
haps. Somebody must be employed not only to
arrange these objects of natural history and class-
ify them, bnt also to put aside into separate par-
cels the portions which are to be distributed to
the different institutions. For thatwearetopay.
The Senator can guard «against the Government
paying the expenses of transportation if he pleases,
by making an amendment to it in this form, "pro-
vided that no part of the said money shall be ex-
pended in tiansportation." As to favoritism, I
say it is not possible, because there is an abund-
ance of these collections to answer the calls of
every institution in the country.
Mr. BRAGG. I think the difficulty may be
obviated by an amendment which I have prepared;
though I suppose my amendment will not be in
order at this time, as I understand there is an
amendment pending to the amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now is on striking out.
Mr. FESSENDEN. On striking out what no-
body objects to striking out.
Mr. fiRAGG. This, I think, will accord with
the idea nf the Senator from Maryland to follow
the amendment offered by the committee:
" .Such distribution to be only to institutions willing to
jeceive tho fame and at their own expense."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on striking out.
Mr. HALE. Is it in order to move to strike
out more words with those which the committee
propose to strike out?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Perhaps it
would be in orderas an amendment to the amend-
ment; but the Chair would suggest to the Senator
that it would be better to take the question on
striking out the words which the committee pro-
pose to strike out.
Mr. HALE. I agree to that.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on striking out the words which have been
read.
The motion to strike out was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now is on the amendment of the Committee on
Finance, to insert tho following words:
For the difrtribution of the collections of the exploring
and (surveying expeditions ofthc Government, and the con-
struction of additional cases to teeeive such pait of said
collections as may be letained by tlie Government. §fG,000.
The Senator from North Carolina moves to
amend the amendment by adding to it.:
Such distiibution to beonly to institutions willing to re-
ceive the sume, and at tlleir own expense.
The question isonthcamendmcnttotheamend-
ment.
Mr, HALE. I am opposed to the whole of this,
from beginning to end. I have been in Congress
I do not know how many years; but about as long
as the Smithsonian Institution has been in exist-
ence. I have devoted some time every year, more
or less, to finding out what on earth that Smith-
sonian Institution was for; I have had friends who
have visited Washington, who have told me that
they were going to examine it to find out; and I
have asked them repeatedly, if any of them had
found it out, to tell me. The New York Tribune—
I do not often quote from that paper; for it is never
very complimentary to me, any more than it is to
the Smithsonian Institution—said that it was a
sort of lying-in-hospital for literary valetudina-
rians. [Laughter.] But, sir, it has a fund I be-
lieve of $500,000 
Mr. GRIMES. Six hundred thousand dollars.
Mr. HALE. Six hundred thousand dollars,
making an income, then, of $3G,000 a year "for
the increase and diffusion of knowledge among
men," I believe. So far as I am concerned in
the lot of humanity, they have never distributed
knowledge enough to me to let me know what the
thing is for, or what it does. In addition to the
$36,000 which it has of its annual income from its
funds, you propose now to appropriate §10,000
more for preserving the collections of the explor-
ing and surveying expeditions of the Government,
and for the distribution of the collections of the
exploring expeditions, and the construction of
additional cases to receive such collections as may
be retained by the Government. We are to ap-
propriate $10,000 to this institution, to keep and
distribute these collections, in addition to their
annual income of $36,000. I am opposed to the
whole of it. I think it is wrong. I think the in-
stitution itself is wrong, and based upon one of
the grossest, misconceptions of plain English that
any institution ever was.
Old Mr. Smithson—if the Senate do not want
to hear me, I will stop; I know it is not a Very
good time to speak, [" Go on "]—old Mr. Smith-
son, I suppose, was a man of scientific attain-
ments—no doubt of that—a friend of science; a
lover of science. He had seen the colleges and the
universities of England hitched on to the Church
and the State. The yokingtogether of these three
he thought was not favorable to the advancement
of science in the world. Then, sir, he had in his
brain the sublime conception of founding a dem-
ocratic university; one that should be fiee from
the corruptions of the Church and State, as they
existed in England. Looking abroad over the
face of the earth, to see a place where this great
benevolent idea might be carried out, be selected
the United States as a place where democratic in-
stitutions prevailed, and he gave this liberal fund
that he might found an institution under the
benign influence of democratic institutions, that
should be devoted to the increase and diffusion of
knowledge among men, instead of having it har-
nessed to Church and State. Well, sir, our Gov-
ernment undertook the trust; and a grosser abuse
of a trust never was perpetrated on the earth.
Some of the wisest men we had at that day thought
there was too vague a meaning in that phrase-
ology which said that it was to be for the increase
and diffusion of knowledge among men. They
forgot that men were made of boys; and they
thought that if they devoted it, as poor old Smith-
son intended it should be, for the education of
boys, under the influence of such an institution
as he designed, it would not answer his purpose,
because he intended it for the increase and diffu-
sion of knowledge "among men;" and so, they
have got up the tiling they have. I will not char-
acterize it, for I confess I do not know what it is.
1 saw an advertisement in the National Intclligen-
cer that there was to be an exhibition there at
twenty-five cents a ticket, or perhaps fifty cents.
That is for the " increase and diffusion of knowl-
edge among men." In addition to perverting Mr.
Smithson's benevolent and sagacious purposes,
defeating one of the greatest ideas that ever en-
tered into the head of a benevolent scholar; instead
of making such an institution as he wanted, you
have founded the great humbug of the land; and
you propose now, in addition to the $36,000, to
pay them $10,000 out of the public Treasury. I
propose to strike it all out. Now, I am prepared
to be castigated by tho Senator from Maryland
[Mr. Pearce] just as much as he pleases
Mr. TEN EYCK. Rather than have this dis-
cussion continued on the merits of the Smithson-
ian Institution, I move that the Senate do now
adjourn. ["Oil no!'']
Mr. FKSSEiN DEN. We shall have it to-mor-
row instead of to-day.
Mr. RICE. The understanding was, that we
should sit here until five o'clock, and then take a
recess until seven o'clock.
Mr. FOSTER. I would suggest that the mo-
tion cannot be entertained. Under the order of
the Senate last night, the Senate to-day was to
take a recess from five o'clock to seven, and an
adjournment now would override the order of the
Senate yesterday, and would be an adjournment
until to-morrow. Therefore, such a motion, I
think, cannot be entertained.
Mr. TEN EYCK. I withdraw the motion.
Mr. PEARCE. Mr. President 
Mr. BIGLER. There is no difficulty in taking
a recess now.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Maryland is entitled to the floor.
Mr. PEARCE. I shall not consume much of
the time of the Senate by replying to the attack
which the Senator from New Hampshire has
made on the Smithsonian Institution. Some years
ago, the plan of that institution was the subject
of deliberate investigation by a committee of the
Senate. It was discussed here in this body. It
was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary,
and the Committee on the Judiciary approved
the plan of the institution for the increase and
diffusion of knowledge among men. The Senator
from New Hampshire has not given us any great
reason to respect his authority on this subject,
because he started out with a confession that he
knew nothing about it; and, confessing so much,
I take it that the Senate will take him at his word,
and estimate the value of his remarksat justwhat
he himself admits them to be worth. It is enough,
sir, that the men who composed the first Board
of Regents, of which I was not one, were among
the best men in the country, and that they estab-
lished this institution upon the plan by which it
is now known, and which has received the delib-
erate assent of the Committee of the Judiciary of
the Senate, and of the Senate itself. How the
Senator gets at his theory of Smithson's inten-
tions, I do. not know. If he has ever read Smith-
son's will,he will not find one word of all that he
has said in it; and we, who do know something
about the history of Smithson, know the peculiar
reasons which induced him to give this legacy to
the United States.
But, sir, the Senator has remarked about an
exhibition given at the institution a few days
since. 1 wish to explain that. Itmight be sup-
posed by members of the Senate that this twenty-
five cents a head was a fee to the institution. No
such thing. The Smithsonian Institution has a
remarkably fine lecture-room,and it is very often
applied for by individuals who wish to lecture
there. In no case is it given to an individual who
charges. The only case in which any one is al-
lowed to charge, is where the object is charitable
or religious. Cliuich congregations have some-
tiases applied for it, when a lecture was to be de-
livered, and they have been allowed in that case
to use the hall, and they themselves charge twenty-
five cents for each hearer of the lecture—making
a fund for the building of their church, or for the
charitable object which is to be subserved, what-
ever it may be. These are the only cases where
a charge is made. The lectures of the Smithso-
nian Institution are always free; and I believe
they are a little more valuable than most lectures
in the country, for which people pay very will-
iiigly.
Now, so far as the Government giving $10,000
a year to this institution is concerned, it is an
entire mistake. The Smithsonian Institution
accommodated and obliged the Government by
admitting within their walls these collections,for
which the Government had no proper place, the
Government only paying the expense of their
preservation; that is all. The Smithsonian In-
stitution does not derive any value to its funds
from these appropriations by the Government.
So in regard to the distribution of these enormous
collections, the Institution is not benefited a frac-
tion. All we want is a little appropriation to de-
fray the expense which the Institution must in-
cur in classifying and separating these specimens
of natural history for distribution. I do not ob-
ject to the amendmentof the Senator from North
Carolina; and I purposely refrain from much that
I might say, that I may not consume the time of
the Senate.
Mr. CAMER.ON. I am one of those who were
here at the time of the reception by this Govern-
ment of the Smithsonian legacy, and one of those
who voted to receive that donation from a phil-
anthropic man-in England, who died and left us
his money. I recollect very well that the argu-
ments of those who were opposed to receiving it
were, that it would be a constant tax on us; that
the giving to us of those $500,000 would result in
the expenditure of millions; and all the friends of
the institution, amongst them myself, said: " No;
we will take this $500,000, and get the best we
can out of it." From that time to now, 1 have
always opposed any appropriation for it. If the
institution cannot sustain itself, let it fall. I be-
lieve it is doing good. I do not want to make it
one of those things that shall constantly cat into
the vitals of this Government. This is a Gov-
ernment here by itself, controlling itself, and con-
