128
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 18.
The Chair, whether considering the question
raised in the light of decisions already made by
his predecessors, or as an original proposition,
cannot entertain a doubt that the bill does make
an appropriation within the meaning of the rule.
He believes the great object and scope of the rule
to be, that when the House is about to make a
disposition of asum of thepublic money, it should
have the opportunity of discussingthe proposition
in the Committee of the Whole. This bill makes
the Government liable, the Chairfinds, for avery
large sum of money—some $60,000,000. The
question seems to be raised whether the binding
of the Government to pay a sum of money is,
•within the meaning of the rule, an appropriation,
unless there is a specific sum actually named for
the pay ment of the debt or redemption of the bonds.
Waiving the consideration of that question, how-
ever. the twelfth section of the bill does, it seems
to the Chair, make a direct appropriation. It is
in these words:
That the bonds authorized to he issued by the provisions
of this act shall be made payable to bearer, and redeemable
at the Treasury of the United States in thirty years from the
date thereof, bearing interest at the rate of five per centum
per annum, payable semi-annually at the Tieasury of the
United States.
Now, if that is not an appropriation, the Chair
can hardly understand what is. The bonds are
redeemable in thirty years. Independent of the
provision of law permitting the Secretary of the
Treasury to redeem any outstanding bonds when-
ever-there shall be a surplus in the Treasury, this
act provides expressly that these bonds shall be
redeemed. Now suppose, at the end of thirty
years, the Secretary of the Treasury redeems the
bonds without further legislation: is-not this an
appropriation ? Clearly.
The Chair regrets that he is called on thus
hastily to decide so important a question; but he
has no hesitation in deciding, as he does decide,
that the bill must go to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
The bill will, in accordance with the decision
hist made, be referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. CURTIS. Lmove that it be made a spe-
cial order m the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I suggest that it be
made the special order for this day three weeks.
Mr. CURTIS. I cannot consent to that. I
want the bill to be taken up and considered at
this time.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I make a privi-
leged motion. I move that the House adjourn.
Mr. CURTIS. I have the floor, and I do not
yield to any such motion. I object to everything
that interferes with the consideration of this bill
for the construction of a Pacific railroad. I move
that the bill be made a special order in the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
until it is disposed of.
Mr. JONES. I object to the motion making
this subject a special order in the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. GROW. This has been decided to be an
appropriation bill; and, under the rules, an ap-
propriation bill may be made a special order by a
majority vote.
Mr. BRANCH. The rule of the House re-
fers, not to every appropriation bill, but only to
the general appropriation bills therein specified.
It takes the unanimous consent of the House to
make this a special order in the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr.-CURTIS. I move, then, that the rules be
suspended, and that the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union. I give notice that 1 will move to lay aside
all other business in order to take up for consid-
eration this Pacific railroad bill.
Mr. BRANCH. Then the proposition to make
this bill a special order is abandoned.
The SPEAKER. The opinion of the Chair is,
that the bill cannot be made a special order unless
by unanimous consent.
Mr. CURRY. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. In myjudg-
ment, the decision of the Chair on the point of
order raised by the gentleman from North Caro-
lina, [Mr. Branch,] involves the fate of this Pa-
cific railroad bill. As that decision bow stands,
I think the gentleman from Iowa may as well
give up this bill for this session. With all re-
spect to the Chair, I believe that his decision is a
wrong one. I believe that it in against the pre-,
cedents which have been established. Certainly
it is in opposition to the decisions which have
been made since I have been a member of this
House.
Mr. BRANCH. I rise to a point of order. If
the decision of the Chair is to be assailed, 1 shall
claim the privilege of defending it. I think that
the decision of the Chair is correct; but it is not
in order for the gentleman to assail it, or for me
to defend it.
Mr. CURTIS. I have not surrendered the
floor. *
The SPEAKER. Then the motion to adjourn
is not in order.
Mr. CURTIS. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and the House resolve itself into the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. CURRY. The gentleman yields the floor,,
and I move that the House do now adjourn.
Mr. FLORENCE demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Smith, of
Virginia, and Lee, were appointed.
Mr. MARTIN, of Virginia. Is a motion for
a call of the House in order?
The SPEAKER. It is not, during a division
of the House.
The question was taken; and the tellers reported
—ayes ID, noes 87.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. GARNETT. There does not appear to be
a quorum, by the last vote.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. A quorum
is not required on a motion to adjourn.
territorial business.
Mr. GROW. I desire to make a statement in
which we are all interested. There seems to be
a misapprehension in reference to the time when
the territorial business will be taken up for con-
sideration. Wednesday and Thursday, and not
Thursday and Friday, have been set apart for that
business.
president's message.
The question was taken on Mr. Curtis's mo-
tion; and it was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Grow in the chair.)
The CHAIRMAN. The first business in or-
der before the committee is the annual message of
the President of the United States upon the state
of the country.
Several Members. That has been referred.
The CHAIRMAN. It is the message of De-
cember, 1859. [Laughter.]
Mr. CURRY. I propose to debate the mes-
sage; but before 1 proceed, I ask that the message
be read. [Renewed laughter.]
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will send for
the Congressional Globe.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope that the message
will be laid aside. I make the motion that it be
laid aside.
Mr. CURRY. I withdraw my motion for the
reading of the message.
The question was taken on Mr. Sherman's
motion; and it was agreed to.
So the message was laid aside.
removal of house benches.
The CHAIRMAN. The next business in order
is a resolution instructing the Clerk to remove
the present seats from the House, and replace the
old chairs and desks; and, with the view of giving
time for this object, that this House (with the
concurrence of the Senate) do adjourn for two
weeks from and after Friday next. [Laughter.]
Mr. CURTIS. I move that that resolution be
laid aside.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I propose to debate
that resolution
Mr. SHERMAN. I make the point of order
that it is not debatable.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order. Motions in reference to priority
of business are not debatable.
The resolution was laid aside.
soldiers of 1812.
The CHAIRMAN. The next business in order
is House bill No. 66, granting pensions to offi-
cers and soldiers of the war with Great Britain
of 1812, and those engaged in Indian wars during
that period.
Mr. CURTIS. I move that that bill be laid
aside.
Mr. FLORENCE. I demand tellers on that
motion.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move that it be laid aside,
to be reported to the House with the recommend-
ation that it. do pass.
The CHAIRMAN. The first motion takes
precedence.
Mr. FLORENCE. I withdraw the demand for
tellers. It will be seen where are the friends of
the soldiers of 1812. I thank God that they show
themselves upon this side of the House.
The bill was laid aside.
appointments of ex-members Of congress.
The CHAIRMAN. The next business in or-
der is a resolution deprecating the example which
has of late years obtained, by the practice of the
subordinate officers of this House, of appointing
ex-members of Congress to inferior places within
their gift as derogatory to the dignity of the
House, and calculated to impair its influence with
the country.
Mr. CU'RTIS. I move that the resolution be
laid aside.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. It ought to
be with the recommendation that it do pass.
Mr. McCLERNAND demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Lee and
Gartrell were appointed.
Mr. ANDERSON. I ask for the reading of
the resolution.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. No debate
is in order on a question of priority of business.
The reading of the resolution is in the nature of
debate, and therefore is not in order. I make that
point.
The CHAIRMAN. Members have the right
to know what is the proposition upon which they
are called to vote.
The resolution was read in extensn.
Mr. BRANCH. I have no disposition to filli-
buster; but it is proper that the House should
know there are seventy-four bills upon the Calen-
dar before the Pacific railroad bill. We will have
to lay them aside, one after the other, before we
can reach that bill.
Mr. McCLERNAND. I call the gentleman
to order. The gentleman has no right to refer to
other matters than the one before the committee,
even if debate were in order.
• The CHAIRMAN. In the opinion of the
Chair, the point of order is well taken.
Mr. GARNETT. I appeal from that decision
of the Chair.
The committee was divided; and there were—
ayes ninety-six, noes not counted.
The CHAIRMAN ordered tellers; and ap-
pointed Messrs. Gartrell and Bornham.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will state the
exact question before the committee. The gen-
tleman from Illinois made the point of order, upon
the motion to lay aside one bill and take up a
subsequent one on the Calendar, that debate was
not in order. The Chair sustained the point of
order, and from that decision the gentleman from
Virginia took an appeal. The question is, "Shall
the decision of the Chair stand as the jndgement
of the committee?" Upon that question the Chair
appointed thegentleman from Georgia [Mr. Gar-
trell] and the gentleman from Connecticut
[Mr. Burnham] tellers.
Mr. McCLERNAND. I suppose I might ob-
viate all this difficulty by withdrawing my point
of order.
Mr. GARNETT. I object to the withdrawal
of the point of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman has the •
right to withdraw the point of order at any time.
Mr. GARNETT. I appeal from that decision.
Mr. McCLERNAND. I withdraw my point.
Mr. GARNETT. I rise to a point of order.
It is, that the gentleman from Illinois has not the
right to withdraw it, a vote by tellers having been
ordered, and the count having commenced.
Mr. CASE. I rise to a point of order. The
question of order of the gentleman from Virginia
was not made while he was in his seat.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will not enter-
tain a second point of order until the first pointis
