THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
.-•vor
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN 0. RIVES, WASHINGTON, P. 0.
Thirty-Sixth Congress, 2d Session.
FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 22, 1861.
New Series No. 6(l.
struggle in the classic land of Italy for the free-
dom, unity, and nationality of the Italian people.
Aspirations for the success of the liberal young
monarch of Sardinia and his great minister, of
Garibaldi and his brave comrades, have mingled
with the morning and evening prayers of the lov-
ers of human freedom in the Old World and in
the New. How anxiously and how hopefully
have we of America turned our eyes towards the
rising States and struggling people of Italy! How
often have we hung with rapt admiration upon
the thrilling story of the glorious contest for the
unity of the Italian States and the nationality of
the Italian people ! And now, we, the people of
united America, are striving—madly, insanely,
striving to dismember this constellated Confeder-
ation of sovereign Commonwealths, to disrupt
this great Republic of the world, to topple down
this splendid fabric of free government, erected
by a glorious ancestry, and to bury beneath its
broken, shivered, and falling columns the resplen-
dent glories of the past, the achieved aggrandize-
ment of the present, and the brilliant hopes and
destinies of the future.
We are accustomed, Mr. President, to contem-
plate, with something of gratified and patriotic
pride, the wondrous progress of our country and
the strength and stability of our Government.
We speak of its future with proud and conscious
security. As we have watched the fraternal strifes,
the bloody and desolating wars, of factions which
have followed each other in rapid succession in the
Republics of Mexico, Central, and South Amer-
ica— Republics which we once hailed and wel-
comed into the family of nations; as we have
watched, too, the rising and falling dynasties of
the Old World, we have come to believe with un-
doubting faith that our Government is immortal;
that, sustained by the intelligent patriotism of the
people, it is ever instinct with the freshness and
bloom of perpetual youth, and the matured vigor
of manhood. We have dreamed for our native
land a glorious destiny — a magnificent career
through the coming ages. But our dreams are
over. Our bright, confident faith is shaken. The
Republic has lost its prestige.
What a saddening, humiliating, and appalling
spectacle docs America now present to the gaze
of mankind I Conspiracies in the Cabinet and in
the halls of legislation; conspiracies in the capi-
tal and in the States; conspiracies in the Army
and in the Navy; conspiracies everywhere, to
break the unity of ttoc Republic; to destroy the
grandest fabric of free government the human un-
derstanding ever conceived or the hand of man
ever reared. States are rushing madly from their
spheres, in the constellation of'lhe Union, raising
the banners of revolt, defying Federal authority,
arming men, planting frowning batteries, arming
fortresses, dishonoring the national flag, clutch-
ing the public property, arms, and moneys, and
inaugurating the reign of disloyal factions.
"What," in the words of Daniel Webster, ut-
tered in the days of nullification, " are the oppres-
sions experienced under the Union, calling for
measures which thus threaten to destroy it? What
invasions of public liberty; what ruin to private
happiness; what long list of rights violated or
wrongs unredressed, is to justify to the country,
to posterity, and to the world, this assault upon
the free Constitution of the United States—this
great and glorious work of our fathers ?" There
are no oppressions experienced; no invasion of
public liberties; no rum of private happiness; no
long list of rights violated or wrongs unredressed;
nothing, no nothing, to justify to the country, to
posterity, to the world, this assault upon the Con-
stitution of the United States. This, all this work
of folly and madness, upon which the startled
nations are now gazing in mingled wonder and
amazement, is all, all, only to eternize the domin-
ion of man over the souls and bodies of his fellow
man. Yes, these appalling crimes against the
unityand perpetuity ofthe Republic, which fill pa-
triotic hearts with anxiety and gloom, are all for
making slavery perpetual and its power dominant
in republican America. No wonder, then, sir,
69
that the actors in this wicked drama look in vain
beyond the boundaries of the Republic for one
word of human sympathy, for one manifestation
of human regard. These conspirators against the
unity of America; these architects of the "south-
ern confederacy," receive no words of cheer, no
welcome greetings from any portion of the Chris-
tian and civilized world. The Journal des Debats
uttered not only the voice of France, but of Eu-
rope, ay, of civilized man, when it "pronounced
that there is not a corner upon earth where it will
find sympathy and assistance."
JN or can the men who sit in the councils of the
Executive and in the halls of legislation, plotting
for the dismemberment of their country, the sub-
version of iis Government, the betrayal of its
fortresses, arsenals, arms, ships, mints, and flag,
hopefully appeal from the verdict of the present
to future ages. They may appeal from the stern
reproaches of their betrayed country, from the
indignant rebukes of Christendom; but they will
appealmvain. TheFloyds,theCobbs,theRhetts,
the Yanceys,and their disloyal confederates, often
refer to the deeds and quote the examples—not of
the Catilines of history—but of the heroes of hu-
manity, whose acts and names are indissolubly
associated with the cause of human nature. The
founders of the North American Republic asso-
ciated their names with the enduring interests of
mankind; and while humanity has an altar, or
freedom a champion, their memories will be cher-
ished. The destroyers of the American Union
may achieve an immortality as enduring as that
of its founders; but it will be an immortality of
ignominy, shame, and dishonor.
This conspiracy against the unity of the Re-
public, which, in its development, startles and
amazes the world by its extent and power, is not
the work of a day; it is the labor of a generation.
Nearly thirty years ago the fell spirit of nullifica-
tion reared its hand against the peace of the coun-
try; but it went down at the bidding of Andrew
Jackson. Thomas H. Benton, in his Thirty
Years' View, tells us that" Mr. Calhoun," when
he went home in the springof 1833, told his friends
" that the South would never be united against
the North on the tariff question; that the sugar
interests of Louisiana would keep her out; and
that the basis of southern union must be shifted
to the slave question." llisassociates and disci-
ples prepared to " force the issue upon the North;"
and that issue was unfaltering fidelity to human
slavery in America. Andrew Jackson saw with
the clear vision of patriotism the designs of John
C. Calhoun and his confederates; and he declared
that" the tariff was only the pretext for disunion,
and a southern confederacy the real object;" that
" the next pretext would be the slavery question;"
and that " Hainan's gallows ought to be the fate
of all such ambitious men who would involve
their country in civil war, and all the evils in its
train, that they might ride and reign on its whirl-
winds and direct the storm." James Madison,
too, saw through the treasonable designs of the
great nulhfier; and ho wrote to Mr. Clay, in June,
1833, " it is painful to see the unceasing efforts to
alaim the South by imputations against the North
of unconstitutional designs on the subject of sla-
very." And that venerable statesman, m 1836,
again wrote of "a susceptibility ofthe contagion
of the heresy of nullification, secession, and dis-
union in the southern States," and of " the incul-
cated impression of a permanent incompatibility
of interests between the North and the South.
" He was," says Benton, " a southern man; but
his southern home could not blind him to the ori-
gin, design, and consequences of the slavery agi-
tation. He gives to that agitation a southern ori-
gin; to that design a disunion end; to that end
disastrous consequences to the South and the
North."
Thus the slavery agitation, originated and de-
signed by the baffled nullifieis of 1833, to disrupt
the Union and establish a southern confederacy,
was inaugurated. The Constitution was formed
for a free people, by statesmen who believed sla-
very to be an evil which would pass away under
the mild sway of Democratic institutions. The
policy of the fathers must be abandoned, the
hearts of the people must be changed. Mr. Cal-
houn proclaimed that "many in the South once
believed that slavery was a moral and political
evil; that folly and delusion- are gone. We toe
it now in its true light, and regard it as themost
safe and stable basis for free institutions inthe
world." His disciples pronounced "slavery-to
be the corner-stone of the republican edifice." In-
spired by such counsels, the rising young states-
men of the South contemptuously rejected the
humane sentiments and republican theories of the
founders of the Republic^—of Washington, Jeffer-
son, Madison, Henry, Mason, Martin, and their
illustrious associates, and assumed slavery to be
a positive good; an institution to be nurtured, ex-
tended, nationalized. New theories of constitu-
tional construction were promulgated, the policy
of slavery extension and slavery domination in-
augurated, and the wicked policy of slavery ag-
gression, for nearly a generation, has been pur-
sued with tireless energy, in defiant mockery of
the sentiments of mankind and the laws of the
living God. The nation, by a long series of ag-
gressive acts, has been forced to accept the the-
ories, acknowledge the rule, and bear the crash-
ing burden ofthe crimes ofthe slave propagandists.
The Democracy, which has borne the banner and
kept step to the music of slave propagandism in
America, hesitated, paused for a moment, and it
was rent in twain. The American people, by
peaceful, legal, and constitutional action, rejected
its aggressive demands, and the Union is im-
periled.
But, sir, this wicked plot for the dismember-
ment of the Confederacy, which has now assumed
such feaiful proportions, was known to some of
our elder statesmen. Thomas H. Benton ever
raised his warning voice against the conspirators.
I can never forget the terrible energy of his- de-
nunciations of the policy and acts of the nullifiers
and secessionists. During the great Lecompton
struggle, in the winter of 1858, his house was the
place of resort of several members of Congress,
who sought his counsels, and delighted to listen
to his opinions. In the last conversation I had
with him, but a few days before he was prostrated
hy mortal disease, he declared that " the disun-
ionists had prostituted the Democratic party"-—
that " they had complete control of the Adminis-
tration;" that "these conspirators would have
broken up the Union if Colonel Fremont had been
elected;" that " the reason he opposed Fremont's
election was, that he knew these men intended to
destioy the Government, and he did not wish it
to go to pieces in the hands of a member of his
family." I expressed some doubt of the extent
and powerof such a conspiracy to dismemberthe
Union, or to seize the Government; to which he
replied, that " he knew their purpose to be a
southern confederacy; for efforts were early made
to enlist him in the wicked scheme;" that "so
long as the people of the North should be content
to attend to commerce and manufactures, and ac-
cept the policy and rule of the disunionists, they
would condescend to remain in the Union; but
should the northern people attempt to exercise
their just influence in the nation, they would
attempt, to seize the Government, or disrupt the
Union;" but, said he, with terrible emphasis,
"Godand their own crimes will put them in the
hands of the people !"
On the 6th of November, nearly two million
of intelligent, patriotic American freemen pro-
nounced in favor of restoring the National Gov-
ernment, now perverted, to the simple, sublime,
beneficent creed of Republican faith, as illustrated
by the fathers of the Republic. "Their policy
was," in the words of their chosen leader, " the
policy of the founders of the Government—noth-
ing more, nothing less." Their offense had that
extent, no more. But at once there arose from
defeated factions, the wild, passionate, unreason-
ing cry of defiance and resistance. South Caro-
lina, trained for thirty years in the school of nul-
lifiation, secession, and disunion, hastened to rear
