130
THE-CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 18,
widows and orphans,*'stood next in order on the"
Calendar. '
Mi .. CURTIS objected to the consideration of
the joint resolution.
The question was taken; and the committee
refused to consider the joint resolution.
DUTIES OS IMPORTS.
The next bill on the Calendar was House bill
(No. 481) to fix and regulate the duties on im-
ports, and for other purposes.
Mr. SCOTT objected to the consideration of
the bill. .
The question was taken; and the committee
refused to consider the bill.
BUSINESS PASSED OVEIl..
The following matters coming up in their order,
were severally objected to by Mr. Curtis, and
the question being takea in each case, the com-
mittee refused to consider the same:
A series of resolutions requesting the President
of the United States to open negotiations with the
leading Powers of Europe for the suppression of
the slave trade, and declaring it a crime against
international law;
A bill (H. It. No. 2) to regulate the sea-service
)>ay of pursers in the Navy;
An act (S. No. 142) to secure the right of pre-
emption to certain settlers on land temporarily
occupied as an Indian reserve in Oregon; and
A bill (H. R. No. 554) to extend the right of
appeal from decisions of circuit courts to the
Supreme Court of the United States.
PAY Of MUM HERS OF CONGRESS.
The next bill in order upon the Calendar, was
a bill (II. R. No. 71) to reduce the compensation
and mileage of Senators, Representatives, and
Delegates in Congress.
Mr. LEACH, of North Carolina, moved that
the bill be taken up for consideration. IJe urged
the House to pass it at once, believing, when he
introduced the bill to reduce the compensation of
members, that it was not only right and just, but
that the condition of the finances required its pas-
sage, as well as other reforms, and i eductions of
expenditure, in every department of the Govern-
ment.
Several Members on both sides of llio Hall
objected to the consideration of the bill, amidst
much laughter.
The question was taken; and the committee
refused to consider the bill.
BILLS PASSED OVER.
The committee, by separate votes, refused to
consider a bill (H. it. No. 5G0) to confirm cer-
tain payments, and to establish the pay of pur-
sers' .clerks; and an act (S. No. 200) directing
the conveyance of a lot of ground for the use of
the public schools in Washington city; the con-
sideration of the same being objected to by Mr.
Curtis.
INDIAN DEPREDATIONS IN' NEW MEXICO.
The next business in order on the Calendar,
was a bill (H. R. No. 37C) providing for the ex-
amination of claims for Indian depredations in
the Territory of New Mexico.
Mr, CURTIS. I object to the consideration
of that bill.
Mr. OTERO. 1 ask that that bill be referred
to the territorial Calendar for to-morrow.
The CHAIRMAN. No motion is necessary
for that purpose. The question is, will the com-
mittee consider the bill now ?
The question was taken; and the committee
refused to consider the bill.
RAILROAD CRANT TO NEBRASKA.
A bill (H. R. No. 701) granting alternate sec-
tions of the public lands to aid in the construc-
tion of certain railroads in the Territory of Ne-
braska, was next in order,
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 hope this bill will be taken
up; and then the chairman of the select committee
on the Pacific railroad can offer his bill as an
amendment to it. That will save any further
trouble.
Several Members objectcd.to the consideration
of the bill.
Mr. BRANCH. This is not to be taken as a
ruling of the committee that the gentleman from
Iowa is to be permitted to offer his bill as an
amendment to this btfl.
Mr. SHERMAN. I propose to offer an amend-
ment myself.
The CHAIRMAN. The question is, "Will
the committee consider this bill?"
The question was taken; and the committee
determined to consider the bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. I now propose an amend-
ment, which is not like any other bill before this
House. I move to strike out all after the enact-
ing clause, and to insert what I send to the Clerk's
desk.
Mr. CURTIS. I offer my bill as an amend-
ment to the gentleman's amendment.
Mr. GARNETT. I call for the reading of the
original bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia will bear in mind that any gentleman has
a right to rise and propose amendments to the
bill.
Mr. GARNETT. I make the point of order,
that no amendments can be proposed to a bill
until that bill is before the committee.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia is riyht. The Cleik will repoit the bill.
The Clerk rend the bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. I now offer my amendment.
Mr. CURTIS. And I offer my amendment to
that amendment.
Mr. BRANCH. Lotus understand precisely
how this matter stands. As I understand it, the
bill has been read through the first time. It is
now to be read through by clauses, for amend-
ments. If the gentleman from Iowa moves to
strike out the whole bill, and inscit his in lieu of
it, I take it, the original bill must still be read
through by clauses, and each section may be
amended before the question is taken on striking
out the whole.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides that
it was competent for the gentleman from Ohio to
propose his amendment, and for the gentleman
from Iowa to propose his amendment to that; but
the first proceeding of the committee will be to
read the original bill by clauses foramendments,
as stated by the gentleman from Noith Carolina.
The Clerk proceeded to read the first section of
the bill tor amendment.
Mr. REAGAN, (interrupting the reading.) I
do not understand how this is.
The CHAIRMAN. The bill is being read by
clauses for amendment.
Mr. REAGAN. The information I want is as
to at what time, and in what manner, wc can get
to amend the bill proposed as an amendment by
the gentleman from Iowa.
The CHAIRMAN. The original bill is open
to amendment, as it is read by sections. The
Chair will hold that the next question will be
upon the amendmentof the gentleman from Iowa
to the amendment of the gentleman from Ohio.
Mr. REAGAN. Will the amendmentof the
gentleman from Iowa be read by clauses for
amendment'
The CHAIRMAN. The Clerk is now read-
ing the original bill by clauses for amendment,
and, unless the gentleman desires to propose an
amendment, it is not in order to interrupt that
proceeding.
Mr. REAGAN. I want to know if this is a
parliamentary trick to defeat amendments to the
bill that is really the subject of the action of the
committee ?
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment of the
gentleman from Iowa is 111 the nature of a sub-
stitute for the amendment of the gentleman from
Ohio.
Mr. REAGAN. Will it be in order to move
to amend that amendment before it is acted on?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will decide
that question when it arises.
The Clerk then completed the reading of the
first section of the bill.
Mr, REAGAN. Mr. Chairman, I wish to
inquire if it is too late now to make a question of
order upon the offering of the amendment of the
gentleman from Iowa?
The CHAIRMAN. It is not in order now.
The only thing under consideration at this time
is the original bill, It must be read through by
clauses, and is open to amendment. When it has
been read through, we shall take up the amend-
ments of the gentleman from Iowa and the gen-
tleman from Ohio.
Mr-. REAGAN. Then, when the amendment
of the gentleman from Iowa is proposed, I sup-
pose I can make my question of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will decide
these questions when they arise. TheClork will
now read the second section of the bill unless the
gentleman desires to offer an amendment to the
first section.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I desire to make an
inquiry of the Chair for information. Suppose
the committee should now rise: will not the bill
under consideration be the first business in order
when we go into the Committee of the Whole'on
the state of the Union again?
The CHAIRMAN. If no special order over-
rides it, the Chair thinks it will be: but the pres-
ent occupant of the chair may not then be in the
chair.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. This is a very im-
portant bill—one reported from the Committee on
Public Lands by myself; and I feel very much
disinclined to have it murdered in this way by a
trick of legislation for the benefit of another rail-
road. I move that the committee do now rise, ill
order that we may look into this matter.
Mr. SHERMAN. I wish to make an inquiry
of the Chair. If the committee now rises, will
not this bill, with the pending amendments, come
up as a matter of course, whenever the House
again resolves itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union?
The CHAIRMAN. The present occupant of
the chair may not be called upon to decide that
question; but in his judgment, under the amended
rules, this will be the first business in order in
the Committee of the Whole unless overridden
by special orders.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is equivalent then to a
special order in committee, and I can see no ob-
jection to rising now.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I insist on my mo-
tion.
Mr. REAGAN. I ask the gentleman to with-
hold it for a moment. I want to understand the
situation of that matter so that no lights may be
waived. I dt-sne to laise a question of order, and
do not want to lose the right to raise that question
of order, which I may do if the committee now
rises.
Mr. PHELPS. The amendments have nol
yet been read, and I suppose questions of order
cannot be decided by the Chair until the amend-
ments have been read; consequently, the gentle-
man's question of order can be as well raised at
the next session of the committee as now.
The CHAIRMAN. The point of order of the
gentleman from Texas will be in order when the
committee goes into session again.
Mr. REAGAN. I want to get a question of
order raised now. The Clerk has been reading
a substitute offered to the original bill, as I un-
derstand.
Mr. PHELPS. Cannot the question of order
be raised at the next meeting of the committee?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sees no reason
why it cannot.
Mr. BRANCH. I wish it understood, that
when the substitutes of the gentleman from Iowa
and the gentleman from Ohio shall be read, if
they shall prove to be propositions for building
other railroads than railroads in Nebraska, I shall
object to their reception on the ground that they
are incongruous.
The CHAIRMAN. The substitutes are not
now before the committee for its action; nothing
but the original bill.
Mr. BRANCH. I only want to make that res-
ervation of my rights.
Mr. REAGAN. My object is toknow whether
I can now make my point of order. The question
is this: this lull has now been read by sections. I
want to understand whether the mode that lias been
adopted by the gentleman from Iowa and the gen-
tleman from Ohio in making an amendment in the
second degree will preclude us from the right of
having the bill which is intended to be acted upon
read by sections for amendment ?
The CHAIRMAN. The bill was being read
by sections for amendment. The next business
for the committee is to have the rest of it read.
The two amendments referred to by the gentleman
from Texas are not now before the committee,
and therefore are not subject to points of order.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I now insist on my
motion that the committee rise.
