1090
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 21,
aloft her Palmetto banner of revolt. Lured on
by her fatal example, fired by her reckless auda-
city, six of her sisters have followed her lead into
revolution, it may be, into the fire and blood of
civil war. Their "dreary catalogue" of griev-
ances, as the Senator from Louisiana [Mi'.Benja-
min] designates their pitiful, impotent excuses
and'justifications for causeless rebellion, are but
vituperative and accusatory phrases against sister
States. Well may the London Times say of this
"dreary catalogue" of South Carolina: "The
hollowness of her cause is seen beneath all the pomp
of her labored denunciation; and surely to her, if to
any community of modem days, may be applied the
words of the Hebrew prophet, 'awonderful and hor-
rible thing is committed in the land. The prophets
prophesy falsely, and my people love to have it so.'"
The prophets of secession and disunion have
indeed prophesied falsely, and the people of the
South seem to love to have it so. Year after year
these prophets, whose element is mischief, have
persistently accused the people of the North of
entertaining the sentiment of bitter, unreasoning,
malignant hate towards the South. They and
their northern allies have stigmatized the ever
foyal men of the North, who cling to the faith of
the fathers, as the unrelenting enemies of the
southern people, and that too credulous people
have come to belieVethe wicked accusation. Often
have we in these Chambers been forced to listen,
with aching hearts and wounded spirits, to the
cruel accusation that the Christian people we rep-
resent "hate" their countrymen of the South.
During the present session this accusation lias
often been made in these Chambers. The impuls-
ive Senator from Georgia [Mr. Ivehson] de-
clared that we—the people of the free States—
hated the people of the South; and he would have
it so in spite of the genial smiles and soft words
oftheSenatorfromNewHampshire,[Mr. Hale.]
The implacable Senator from Alabama, [Mr.
Clay] pronounced us of the North " the most bit-
ter, relentless, and vindictive enemies on earth."
The Senator from Virginia, [Mr. Mason,] who
has received the greetings of the people of Mas-
sachusetts, regards the result of the late election
as ail evidence of our hostile feelings towards liifj
section. 1 was pained to hear the Senator from
Mississippi, [Mr. Davis,] who has received,
during the past two years, so many evidences of
respect and of kindness from the people of my
own New England, say that the harshness of our
figurative language was an evidence of the bitter-
ness of our hatred.
In the Halls of Congress, in the public jour-
nals, before the people, everywhere—the Chris-
tian people of the North are accused of hatred
towards their countrymen of the South, and these
oft repeated accusations have penetrated the ears
and fired the hearts of the men of the South to
madness. The people of Massachusetts, of New
England, of the North,hate not their countrymen
of the South. I know Massachusetts; 1 know
something of the sentiments and feeling of her peo-
ple. During the past fifteen years, 1 have trav-
ersed every portion of the State, from the sands
of the capes to the hills of Berkshire; spoken in
nearly every town, sat at the tables and slept be-
neath the roofs of her people. Around those tables
and beneath those roofs I have heard prayers to
Almighty God for blessing on slave and on mas-
ter. From thousands of Christian homes in Mas-
sachusetts, New England, the North, tons of thou-
sands of men and women daily implore God's
blessing upon the whole country—upon the poor
slave and his proud master. Around the firesides
of the liberty-loving, God-fearing families of Mas-
sachusetts, I have often heard the men, stigma-
tized as " malignant, unrelenting enemies of the
people of the South," on their bended knees, with
open Bible, implore the protection and blessing of
Almighty God upon both master and slave, upon
the people of the whole country. Gentlemen of
the South visiting Massachusetts on pleasure or
business, are ever treated by all her people with
considerate kindness and fraternal regard. The
public men of the South are ever welcomed to
Massachusetts; treated with courtesy by all, and
sometimes with " complimentary ilunkeyism "
by the few. I assert, positively, without hes-
itation or qualification, that the people of Mas-
sachusetts, ay, of New England, manifest more j
kindness and courtesy towards their fellow-coun- !
trymen of the South, sojourning among them, !
than they do towards their fellow-countrymen of
the central States and of the West. Yancey,
Henry, Hilliard, and other distinguished sons of
the South were, during the late canvass, listened
to in New England with attention and the utmost
courtesy, and that, too, when quiet citizens of Mas-
sachusetts were, in portions of the South, sub-
jected to the greatest indignities.
Sir, during the past seven years I have traversed
more than eighty thousand miles of seventeen
States, delivered more than four hundred ad-
dresses, looked into the faces of hundreds of thou-
sands of the people, sat with them at their tables,
slept beneath their roofs, listened to their words,
and what I have said of the people of Massachu-
setts I can say of the people of New England and
the North. During the late canvass I attended
nearly one hundred public meetings in the North,
saw hundreds of thousands of people, and heard
many addresses by others. I have often dis-
claimed, for myself and for the people of the
North, any feelings of hostility towards our breth-
ren of the South, and I have heard other speakers
do the same, and everywhere the people unani-
mously and enthusiastically applauded the senti-
ment. All over the free States, the Republican
speakers, while firmly averring their determina-
tion to use all constitutional and legal means to
arrest the extension of slavery, disclaimed for the
Republican party all feelings of hostility towards
the peopleof the South,and everywhere the whole
people heartily applauded the sentiment. Not
one, no, not one 111 a thousand of the men who
voted for Abraham Lincoln, chcrishes in his heart
a feeling of hatred towards the South, or the wish
to put the brand of inequality or degradation upon
the brow of his countrymen of that section of the
Union. They would as generously contribute of
their treasure, they would as freely pour out their
blood, for the defense of the South as they would
for the protection of their own northern homes.
Believers m that Christianity which unites all men
as brethren, which makes man unutterably dear
to his fellow-man, which impels its disciples to
raise the fallen, and to labor for the elevation of
the poor and the lowly of the children of men,
they oppose the wrong, yet hate not the wrong-
doer.
Senators and Representatives, popular orators
and public journals, are swift to single out for
reproach and rebuke New England,and especially
the Commonwealth of Massachusetts. This, sir,
is not the first time in her history that Massachu-
setts has drawn upon herself reproach and rebuke
for unbending adherence to the rights of human
nature. In the days of her colonial existence, her
unshrinking devotion to the rights of mankind,
often drew upon her the censure of the pliant sup-
porters of the British Crown; but the world now
quotes and commends her inspiring example.
Now her abhorrence of human slavery brings
upon her the condemnation of its advocates and
apologists, but the hour will yetcomc in the march
of time, when her unwavering fidelity to an un-
popular cause, in spite of obloquy anu reproach,
will be a source of inspiration to men struggling
to recover lost rights. Massachusetts clings with
the tenacity of profound conviction to the teach-
ings of her own illustrious sons. She was taught
by Benjamin Franklin that "slavery is an atro-
cious debasement of human nature;" by John
Adams that "consenting to slavery is a sacri-
legious breach of trust;" by John Q.uincy Adams
that " slavery taints the very sources of moral
principle"—" establishes false estimates of virtue
and vice;" by Daniel Webster that " it is a con-
tinual and permanent violation of human rights"
—"opposed to the whole spirit of the Gospel,
and to the teachings of Jesus Christ;" by Wil-
liam Ellery Charming that " to extend and per-
petuate the evil, we cut ourselves off from the
communion of nations; we sink below the civili-
zation of our age; we invite the scorn, indignation,
and abhorrence of the world." Massachusetts
cannot forget or repudiate these words of her im-
mortal sons. • Enemies may censure her fidelity,
timid friends may chide her zeal, but she moves
on, right on, assured, confident—conscious she
" has the future grand and gieut—the safe appeal
of truth to time."
Men who are quenching freedom's holy fire in
this age in republican America, may level their
taunts and gibes at Massachusetts; but she will
continue to have unfaltering faith in the convic-
tion that human slavery is a crime against human-
ity. She opens God's Holy Word and the im-
perative injunction of inspiration—break every
yoke, undo the heavy burden, let the oppressed
go free—flash upon her vision. She gazes into
the graves of perished nations, sees that slavery
poisoned their national life, hastened their decay,
decline, fall. She reads in the brilliant pages of
Bancroft, "it is a calumny to charge the devas-
tation of Italy upon the barbarians. The large
Roman plantations tilled by slaves' labor were its
ruin. Slavery had effected the decline of the Ro-
man people, and had wasted the land before a
Scythian or a Scandinavian had crossed the Alps.
Slavery had destroyed the democracy; had de-
stroyed the aristocracy; had destroyed the empire;
and at last it left the traces of its ruinous power
deeply furrowed on the face of nature itself." She
also reads in Gurowski's Slavery in History,
that "it was domestic slavery, single-handed,
which did the work for Greece, and particularly
in Sparta and Athens. Domestic slavery ener-
vated the nation and made it an easy prey to for-
eign conquest. Itconvertedinto a putrescent mass
the once great and brilliant Grecian world." In
the pages of poets, philosophers, philanthropists,
jurists, statesmen, of the ages of the mighty dead
of both hemispheres—of Plato, Socrates, Mont-
esquieu, Burke, Fox, Pitt, Wilberforce, Hum-
boldt, Washington, and Jefferson—Massachu-
setts finds testimonies which deepen her convic-
tions and quicken her zeal against slavery expan-
sion and domination in America.
The distinguishing opinion of Massachusetts
concerning slavery ill America is often flippantly
branded in these Halls, as wild, passionate, un-
reasoning fanaticism. Senators of the South! tell
me, I pray you tell me, if it be fanaticism for Mas-
sachusetts to see in this age, what your peerless
Washington saw in his age—" the direful effects
of slavery?" Is it fanaticism for Massachusetts to
believe as your Henry believed, that" slavery is
as repugnant to humaiiityasitisiuconsistentwith
the Bible, and destructive to liberty?" Is it fanat-
icism for her to believe as your Madison believed,
that " slavery is a dreadful calamity?" Is it fanat-
icism for her to believe with your Monroe, that
" slavery has preyed upon the vitals of the Union
and has been prejudicial to all the States in which it
has existed?" Isitfanaticism for her to believe with
your Martin, that "slavery lessens the sense of
the equal rights of mankind, and habituates us to
tyranny and oppression?" Is it fanaticism for her
to believe with your Pinckney, that "it will one
day destroy the reverence for liberty, which is the
vital principle of a Republic?" Is itfanaticism for
her to believe with your Henry Clay, that " sla-
very is a wrong, a grievous wrong, no contin-
gency can make it right?" Surely Senators who
are wont to accuse Massachusetts of being drunk
with fanaticism,should not forget that the noblest
men the South has given to the service of the Re-
public, in peace and in war, were her teachers.
Massachusetts, in her heart of hearts, loves lib-
erty—loathes slavery. I glory in her sentiments;
for the heart of our common humanity is throb-
bing in sympathy with her opinions. But she is
not unmindful of her constitutional duties, to her
obligations to the Union and to her sister States.
Up to the verge of constitutional power she will
go in maintenance of her cherished convictions;
but she has not shrunk, and she does not mean
to shrink, from the performance of her obliga-
tions as a member of this Confederation of con-
stellated States. She has never sought, she does
not seek, to encroach, by her own acts or by the
action of the Federal Government, upon the con-
stitutional rights of her sister States. Jealous of
her own rights, she will respect the rights of
others. Claiming the power to control her own
domestic policy, she freely accords that power to
her sister States. Conceding the rights of others,
she demands her own. Loyal to the Union, she
demands loyalty in others. Here, and now, I
demand of her. accusers that they file their bill of
specifications, and produce the proofs of their
allegations, or forever hold their peace.
Has Massachusetts proposed, either by State
or Federal action, to interfere directly or indirectly
with slavery in the States ? Never. Her colored
seamenare arrested and imprisoned for no offense
under the laws of South Carolina—laws, which
Judge Johnson and William Wirt pronounced un
constitutional—and that State has made it a peni-
