1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
181
Mr. CURTIS. I understand that this business
is to be first considered when the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union is next in session.
I shall therefore vote in favor of the committee
rising.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Grow reported that the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
had had under consideration the Union generally,
and especially House bill No. 835, granting alter-
nate sections of the public lands to aid in the con-
struction of certain railroads in the Territory of
Nebraska, and had come to noconclusion thereon.
GEORGE TISIIEIt'S CLAIM.
Mr. EDWARDS, by unanimous consent, of-
fered the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretaiyot the Treasury be requested
to furnish to this House copies of the dccisioi.s made and
ceitified to the Treasury Department by the Secretary of
War, under the dates ot October 2,1807, and November 23,
1860, re&peeuvely, relating to the claim of George Fisher,
late of Florida, deceased.
IIOUSK PRINTING.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a letter
from Thomas H. Ford, Printer to the House, set-
ting forth that, in view of the joint resolution of
Congress passed at last session, since his election
as Printer, reducing the rates for public printing
forty per cent., he found himself compelled to pay
all that was now allowed him for the actual exe-
cution of the work, not being able to reserve for
himself sufficient to pay his own personal ex-
penses; that since said reduction, he had himself,
and through his legal and recognized attorney,
used his best endeavois to pei form his duty faith-
fully; and respectfully recommending that, as a
Government printing establishment had recently
been purchased by Congress, provision be made
for the immediate execution of the House print-
ing in that office, to which proposition he would
most cheerfully give his assent, and yield up his
office. *
The lelgfcr was referred to the Committee on
Printing.
Mr. SMITH, of Viiginia. I take this occasion
to remark that John C. Rives will perform the
duty of House Printer under the existing law.
STATE OF THE UNION.
Mr. DUNN, by unanimous consent, presented
the proceedings of a public meeting held at Mad-
ison, Indiana, on the 14th instant, to take into
consideration the state of the country at the pres-
ent time; as follows:
"At a meeting of the citizens of Madison, Indiana, of
all pa> ties, held at the court-house on Friday night, De-
cember 14, i860, to take into conMdotation the state of the
countiy at the pic&ent time, the meeting was called to
order by Dr. Ilowaul Watts, who nominated Hon. John
Muivey, Mayor of the city, for president. Captain Chailes
Jj. ftinewi-bury and Captain John Kiik were,on motion of
Jaine-; C. Thorn, appointed vice presidents. On motion of
It. VV. Hubbard, lien B. Taylor way appointed secretary.
"On motion of Captain John Mars>h, a committee'ot
seven was appointed to draft resolutions expressive of the
sense ot the meeting.
"The Chair appointed the following gentlemen: Cap-
tain John Maish, Captain Nathan I'owell, Mr. John A.
MailcJej, Dr. Howard Watt*, Mr. William Johnson, Mr.
William Staps, Judge Char'es E. Walkei.
" During tlie absence of the committee, the meeting was
entertained by a speech from James Y. Allison, Esq.
. "The committee on resolutions, after deliberating on
their business, reported the following:
" We, the citizens of Madison and Jefferson counties, In-
diana, without distinction of party, m view of the immi-
nent penis of our Government, threatening the immediate
dissolution of the Federal Union, do declare and lesolve :
"1. That£ the Union is the guatdiau of our best right?, :
the «ourcc of out highest civil and political duties, the sure
meant of national gieatness, essential to our safety and
piovpenty,' and we hereby declare oui unalteiableattach-
ment to it, and sincere desire that it may be preseived for-
ever inviolate. j
"2. That tor the sake of the Union, all conflict of interest !
and opinion between the people ot different sections oi the
Confedeiacy skouid l.c compioinised by mutual conces-
sions.
"3. That we are essentially one people, united to each
other by ties of interest, prosperity, anil blood; and hav-
ing an interest, in common with all others, in the wel-
fare and perpetuity ot our common Government, wedepie-
catc any act, come fiom what source it may, that tends to
create lil-teehng between the different sections of our
count!), to the dissolution of the Union, and bringing upon
us the unspeakable hoirois of internecine war.
" 4. That we, a?  citizen-: of the gieat West, the Keystone
of this Confederacy, having a flun and abiding faith that
any and all conflicts as to intciest and differences of opin-
ion can be amicably settled under the Constitution in the
Union, will not, upon any terms, nor under any contin-
gency, consent to its dissolution; that the great West is
for the maintenance of the laws, the Constitution, and the
Union; and will always be found 'keeping step to the
music of the Union.'
" 5. That the election of a President in conformity with
the constitutional provisions on that subject, be lie who he
may, is not, of ltbelt, ju^-t cause for a dissolution of the
Union, the Constitution itself providing adequate remedy
for any grievance resulting to any State" from an unfaithful
discharge by the President of his Federal duties ; and we
appeal to our southern brethren not to act hastily in bring-
ing about dissolution, and perhaps involving them and us
in the total loss of civil liberty, and m common ruin, but to
wait for some act done by the incoming Administration iu
violation of the Constitution, and of the lights of the States
under it, and for which a remedy may not be had under the
Constitution,
" 6. That we hplieve and hope the President elect will ad-
minister the Government m a conservative manner, using
his best ability to do equal justice to all parts, and execute
the Federal laws without exception, faithfully in letter and
spirit.
" 7. That all citizens owe obedience to the Constitution
and laws of the Union, and all good citizens will promptly
and cheerfully render such obedience, and will aid to cn-
lorce them.
"8, That the slave States, by the Constitution, are en-
titled to an effective fugitive slave law, and also to have it
faithfully executed; ami if the present Jaw is not efficient,
or is not promptly enforced, it should be amended in such
manner and with such penalties as shall insure its effi-
ciency and faithful execution.
" 9. That any and all laws enacted by any of the States
designed and tendingto impede the prompt and faithful ex-
ecution of the fugitive slave law, are unconstitutional and
void, and *>hould be icpealed immediately.
" 10. That there i.s no such law on the statute books of
the State of Indiana, and we respectfully, but earnestly,
call upon the citizens of any State having enacted bueh
law-; to repeal the same.
"11. That we heartily condemn any act or word, come
fiom wh.it source it may, designed and tending to excite
a si'ivile insurrection m the slave States; and we believe
all the citizens of Indiana concur with us iuthU sentiment.
" 12. That the Fedeial Government should not interfere
cither to put down or build up, abolish or perpetuate slavery.
" 13. That the citizens of each State are under the Fed-
eial Constitution,1 entitled to all the privileges and immu-
nities of citizen* in the seveial States'—that is, to all rights
' which in their nature are fundamental, belonging to the
citizens of all free governments'—' such as the protection
of life and liberty, to acijuue and en]oy pioperty, to pass
through and sojourn in the different States at pleasuie
always, however, rendering obedience to the local laws of
such State.
" [Ion. Jeremiah Sullivan, having been selected, ad-
dressed the meeting m a sound, eloquent, logical, and
patriotic speech.
kk Speeches were subsequently made by Judge S. C. Ste-
vens and others.
" The repoit of the committee was then concurred in,
the lesolutions being icad sepaiately and adopted one at
a time.
"Mr. M. C. Garbcr, of thexMadison Courier, offered,and
M. G. Bright, Esq., seconded, tne following lesolution ;
which was adopted :
Resolved, That the people of the United States have a
deep interest m the perpetuity and integuty of the Union,
ami an undoubted right to pieserve it; and that the right
ot secession, asseitcd by southern State, is not only un-
authorized by the Constitution, but is repugnant to its
lcttei and spirit.
" On motion of Mr. Isaac Smith, it was ordered that the
proceedings of the meeting be published in the city papers,
and that copies of the same he foi warded to our Represent-
atives and Scnatois in Congress.
" The meeting then adjourned.
"JOHN MUr.VEY, President.
«<\ L. SHREWSBURY,
"JOHN KIRK, Vice Presidents.
" Men 13. Taylor, Secretary
The proceedings were referred, on motion of
Mr. DUNN, to the special committee of thirty-
three.
And then, on motion of Mr. SMITH, of Vir-
ginia, (at twelve minutes past four o'clock, p. m.,)
the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, December 19, 1860.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Gurley.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Hon. Robert Toombs, of Georgia, appeared in
his seat.
WEST POINT COMMISSION.
Mr. FOOT. The Senator from Mississippi
[Mr. Davis] some days since presented to the
Senate the report of the board of commissioners,
of which he was the president, instituted by act of
the last session of Congress, to revise the organ-
ization and programme of studies and system of
discipline of the United States Military Academy
at West Point; and on motion, the usual number
of that report was ordered to be printed by the
Senate. From the general interest which is felt
in the subject-matter of that report, undoubtedly
a somewhat extensive call will be made for it;
and, in order to enable us to meet that call to
some extent, I rise to move the printing of an ad-
ditional number, say five thousand. That motion,
under the rule, of course goes to the Committee
on Printing.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It- will be so re*
ferred.
TERRITORIAL LAWS.
Mr. GREEN. Yesterday I moved the refer-
ence of the laws transmitted to the Senate from
the Territory of Washington, to the Committee
on Territories. There are two copies. I have
been trying to hunt up the laws of the several
Territories. The committee need but one copy,
I propose, therefore, that one other copy shall be
sent to the Secretary of the Senate, to be bound
and preserved for general reference; and 1 move
the adoption of the following resolution:
Resolved, That one copy of the laws and journals of the
Legislatures of tile several Territories, sent to the Senate,
shall be bound and preserved in the office of the Secretary
of the Senate, and the other referred to the Committee on
Territories.
I ask for the present consideration of the reso-
lution, if there be no objection.
There being no objection, the resolution was
considered, and agreed to.
FORTS IN CHARLESTON HARBOR.
Mr. CLARK. I move that the Senate now
take up the resolution of inquiry which I offered
a day or two ago, in regard to Ports Moultrie
and Sumter.
Mr. GREEN. The Senator from Oregon [Mr.
Lane] notified theScnate that when that was taken
up he wanted to propose an amendment, unless
his resolutions were previously disposed of. He
is not in his seat; and I should like, therefore,
that we should wait until becomes in.
The VICE PRESIDENT put the question on
the motion, olid a division was called tor.
Mr. POWELL. The SenatorfromOregon gdve
notice yesterday that if the resolution of the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire was pressed, he would
offer his resolution which was laid on the tabfe
yesterday as a substitute for it. I think, in that
state of the case, perhaps it would be better to
wait until the Senator from Oregon shall be in his
seat.
Mr. COLLAMER. I saw him here a few min-
utes ago.
Mr. POWELL. I have not seen him. I pre-
sume he will be here in a very few moments.
Mr. CLARK. I did not understand that there
was any such nolice given; but if there was, I
will not press the motion at this time.
The VICE PRESI DENT. The motion is with-
drawn .
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. SLIDELL. Mr. President, while waiting
for the Senator from Oregon to appear in liis seat,
I wish to call the attention of the Senate to a mat-
ter which is personal to myself, and which may,
perhaps, become a question of privilege before
the Senate. I received last night from New Orleans
the following, dated December 18:
"The telegraphic dispatches to the associated-press this
morning include the following: < fn his speech to-day' "—
I presume that must have been the 17th—
"1 Senator Siidell, of Louisiana, charged Piesiilent Bu-
chanan with imbecility, imputing to him the cause of the
present troubles and the authorship of the present crisis.'
Any correction needed ?"
Now, Mr. President, I need scarcely say, for
the information of any member of the Senate, or,
probably, of any resident in Washington, that
there is not a shadow of foundation for this dis-
patch. I have never opened my lips on this floor
on the subject of the President's message, the
resolution of the Senator from Kentucky, nor upon
any question connected, in the most remote degree,
with the difficulties that now agitate the country.
But I owe it further to myself and to the Presi-.
dent to say that neither in nor out of the Senate,
to "any Senator, or to anybody else, in writing,
speech, or by intimation, have I ever conveyed or
encouraged such an idea. This is not the appro-'
priate time for me to pass that eulogrium upon the
character of the President that my feelings would
prompt. I rise simply for one speetal purpose.
Now, Mr. President, I should like to know how,
by whom, and when this base fabrication was con-
cocted; how. and why it was sent over the wires '
Was it by the agent of the associated press, who, I
understand, enjoys the privilege of a seat in this
