1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
tentiary offense to defend their legal rights in the
judicial tribunals. Has Massachusetts ever inter-
fered with the rights of South Carolina? Never.
The ships of Massachusetts are searched under
the laws of Virginia, and made to pay five dollars
for each illegal visitation. Has she wronged Vir-
ginia? Never. Hersons, sojourning in the South,
are often subjected to insults and indignities—
arrested, imprisoned, banished, and their lives put
in peril. Has she proposed, does she propose,
to interfere with the legal rights of those offending
States ? No, sir, no. In the face of the country,
before the nations, Massachusetts can lay her
hand upon God's Holy Word, and declare by
Him who liveth evermore, that she has never pro-
posed, does not now propose, and never intends
to propose to interfere with the legal and consti-
tutional rights of the southern States.
But gentlemen of the South tell nflfc that Mas-
sachusetts has a personal liberty law; that it is
designed to defeat the provisions of the Constitu-
tion concerning the rendition of fugitive slaves
from service; that it is unconstitutional—an evi-
dence of her hostility. Sir, this law may be of
doubtful constitutionality in some of its provis-
ions; the profoundest jurists of the Common-
wealth differ in opinion upon that issue, but it is
no evidence of her hostility—it was not designed
to evade her constitutional obligations, nor was it
intended to defeat the provisions of the Constitu-
tion. Massachusetts, sir,entertains the profound
conviction that your fugitive slave act of 1850
conflicts with provisions of the Constitution of
the United States; that it disregards those max-
ims of the common law which the wisdom of ages
has devised for the security of personal liberty;
that it degrades man and dishonors the nation
before the Christian and civilized world; that it
puts in extreme peril the security, peace, and lib-
erties of her colored inhabitants. She feels that
it is harsh, cruel, inhuman, and unchristian. So
believing, she enacted this personal liberty law;
it was designed to afford protection to her own
inhabitants; to be also in perfect harmony with
the Constitution of the United States. No case
has ever arisen under the act; it has not been ju-
dicially interpreted; its constitutionality has not
been decided upon; nor has it in the slightest
degree worked the injury of the people of the
slavcholding States. If unconstitutional it would,
should a case arise under it, work them no harm;
if in harmony with the Constitution, it would
afford protection to hercolored inhabitants against
mistakes, hasty or corrupt proceedings; but it
could hardly work injury to the claimant of a real
fugitive from service. JVlassaehusetts sought, in
common with several of her sister States, by con-
stitutional and legal action, to protect her own
people against the abuses which might grow up
under the summary proceedings of the arbitrary
act of 1850. The right of no slaveholders Amer-
ica has been put in jeopardy by its enactment;
nor do I believe it possible that those rights could
be jeopardized should the act continue to the end
of time upon her statute-book.
None, Mr. President, have entered the lists with
more zeal in vindication of the treasonable con-
spiracy for the subversion of the national Gov-
ernment than the Senator from Louisiana, [Mr.
Benjamin.] His bearing, the tone of his voice,
his words, all gave evidence that the spark of
patriotism, if it ever existed, was exiinct in his
bosom; that his heart was in this foul and wicked
plot to dismember the Union, to overthrow the
Government of his adopted country, which gives
equality of rights even to that race that stoned
Prophets and crucified the Redeemer of theWoild.
His zeal in the cause of treason to the Union so
perverted and blinded his reason as to destroy the
distinction between truth and error. Surely this
zeal made him outrun his discretion, or even he
would not have been so reckless as to have at-
tempted here in this presence to torture the words
of James Madison, Daniel Webster, and John
Ciuincy Adams, into the support of this wicked
dogma of secession—a dogma " intellectually,"
in the words of Rufus Choate concerning nullifi-
cation, " the most contemptible in the whole his-
tory of human opinion." To his glitteringrhetor-
ical assumptions and perversions the Senator from
Oregon [Mr. Baker]*replied; and I know not, sir,
when I have witnessed such a merciless exposure
of Old Bailey attorney assumptions and perver-
sions. The Senator from Louisiana was kept in
the face of the Senate for hours in a perpetual state
of excuse and justification, qualification and re-
traction. Under the pressure of the searching
arguments of the Senator from Oregon, the Sen-
ator from Louisiana wriggled and retreated from
position to position, made the fatal admission that
the national Government had not interfered with
the rights of the States, and that the States, as
States, could not do so. Under the torture of the
exposure of his sophistical assumptions, asser-
tions, and perversions, the Senator from Louisi-
ana lost his temper, made a passionate assault
upon Governor Andrew, the people of Massa-
chusetts, and her Senators upon this floor. His
passion acted upon his brain, as his zeal in the
work of treason had done; so he invented his facts
to sustain his assertions.
The Senator declared that a body of armed
men entered Virginia, murdered inhabitants; that
a man was found in Massachusetts who declared
that the invasion was right, that he approved of
it; that the people of Massachusetts, by an enor-
mous majority, the fact of that man's action placed
before the people as a ground why he should be
elected Governor, elccted him Governor, indorsed
the invasion of a sister State, indorsed the mur-
der of the people of Virginia at dead of night.
These reckless assertions have not the semblance
of truth in them; they are the coinage of political
perversions and malignity. Governor Andrew
never said the- invasion of Virginia was right;
never approved of it. Never! never! Here, in
the Capitol, before the Senate investigating com-
mittee, under all the responsibilities of an oath,
Governor Andrew said: " i had no sympathy
with his peculiar conduct, touching which he was
then indicted. I felt injured by that personally
as a Republican." " Nor do I believe of any
other gentleman with whom I agree or act, that
the transactions of Captain Brown, at Harper's
Ferry, would be deemed justifiable; nor would
any such attempt, made or contemplated, receive
our sympathy." The Republican national con-
vention, at Chicago, unanimously declared that
" we denounce the lawless invasion by armed
force, of the soil of any State or Territory, no
matter under what pretext, as the gravest of
crimes." Air. Andrew was a member of the con-
vention,supported this resolution; it was indorsed
unanimously by the Republican conventions and
assemblages, and by the press in Massachusetts.
Mr. Andrew's sworn declarations of want of sym-
pathy with John Brown, or of hisapproval of his
raid upon Virginia, weie scattered broadcast over
the State; ho addressed the people in every poi tion
of the Commonwealth, and his opinions were
well known to the people. Sir, here, and now,
I pronounce it a libel upon Governor Andrew,
upon the Republicans, upon the fair fame of
Massachusetts, to charge him, or them, or her,
with indorsing the invasion of Virginia by John
Brown.
The Senator from Louisiana made the charge
against the people of Massachusetts in their col-
lective capacity that they had sent Senators upon
this floor whose only business has been for years
to insult the people of the South, to call them
" thieves and murderers;" and because the Sena-
tors did Jhis, that Massachusetts sent them back
here to repeat the wrong. Sir, there is not a sem-
blance of truth in this venomous and malignant
accusation. During the past seventeen years,
in the public journals, before the people, in legis-
lative halls, I have discussed the mighty issues
growing out of the slavery question; but never
have I, sir, chaiged the people of the South, in
theircollective capacity, with being " thieves and
murderers." Never; no, never. The speeches of
my colleague have been rend in our own and in
other lands; some of them reprinted in the Old
World; read where the name of the Senator from
Louisiana was never heard, unless he had the
food fortune to be noticed by my colleague; and
challenge any man to find m those speeches the
accusation that the people of the South are 44 mur-
derers and thieves." This foul calumny against
the people of Massachusetts, against her Gov-
ernor and her Senators in this Chamber is what
the most adroit, plausible, and skillful of all the
leaders in the work of secession has to give to the
Senate, the country, and the world for leaving
this Hall, and raising the treasonable banner of
revolt against his country. Is not this a pitiable
position5 It was the remark of Lord Chatham
that" that condition was indeed pitiable wherein
it was necessary to be contemptible."
In other days, when Adams, Webster, Davis,
Everett, Cushing, Choate, Winthrop, Mann, Ran-
toul, and their associates graced these Chambers,
Massachusetts was then, as she is now, the ob*
ject of animadversion and assault. I have some-
times thought, Mr. President, that these continual
assaults upon the Commonwealth of Massachu-
setts were prompted—not by her faults, but by
her virtues rather—not'bythe sense of justice,
but by the spirit of envy and jealousy and un-
charitableness. Unawed, however,by censure or
menaces, she continues to move right on, upward
and onward, to the accomplishment of her high
destinies. She is but a speck, a mere patch on the
surface of America, hardly more than one four-
hundredth part of the territory of the Republic,
with a rugged soil and still more rugged clime.
But on that little spot of the globe is a Common-
wealth where common consent is recognized as
the only just basis of fundamental law, and per-
sonal freedom is secured in its completest indi-
viduality. In that Commonwealth are one and
a quarter million of freemen, with skilled hand
and cultivated brain, with $900,000,000 of taxa-
ble wealth, and an annual productive industry ot
$350,000,000—with mechanic arts and manufac-
tures on every streamlet, and commerce on the
waves of all the seas—with institutions of moral
and mental culture open to all, and art, science,
and literature illustrated by glorious names—with
benevolent institutions for the sons and daughters
of misfortune and poverty, and charities for hu-
manity the wide world over. The hearty the aoul>
the reason of Massachusetts send up perpetual
aspirations for the unity, indivisibility, ana eter-
nity of the North American Republic; but if it
shall be rent, torn, dissevered, she will not lose
her faith in God and humanity, she will not go
down with the falling fortunes of her country
without making a struggle to preserve and per-
petuate free institutions. So long as the ocean
shall roll at her feet, so long as God shall send
her health-giving breezes and sunshine and rain,
she will endeavor to illustrate, in the future as in
the past, the daily beauty of freedom secured and
protected by law.
Honorable Senators tell us that unless we of
the North change our sentiments, they cannot
continue in the Union, no matter what guarantees
are incorporated into the fundamental law. The
Senator from Missouri [Mr. Green] distinctly
enunciated this sentiment, andother Senators have
assumed this position. We Republicans .are ar-
raigned by Senators for having embodied in our
platform of principles the sublime creed of the
Declaration of Independence. Yes, sir, in this,
the eighty-fifth year of the independence of the
United States,a great political party is arraigned,
in these council chambers of the Republic for
proclaiming its faith in the self-evident truths of
the Declaration of American Independence. The
Republican party, we are told, is a dangerous
political organization, its success a cause of of-
fense, justifying secession and rebellion, and the
formation of a southern confederacy. And the
head and front of its offending is its avowal, that
the sublime creed proclaimed by our fathers amid
the storms of battle, that " all men are created
equal, and have an inalienable right to life, liberty,
and the pursuit of happiness," is to them a living
faith. Our fathers and the world thought not so.
"The new Republic," says the brilliant Ban-
croft, " as it took its place among the Powers of
the world, proclaimed its faith in the truth and
reality and unchangeableness of freedom, virtue,
and right. The heart of Jefferson, in writing the
Declaration, and of Congress in adopting it, beat
for all humanity; the assertion of right was made
for the entire world of mankind, and all coming
generations." "'Put forth in the name of the
ascendentpeople'itmadethe 'circuitof the world;'
' and the astonished nations, as they read that all
men are created equal, started out of their lethargy
like those who have been exiled from childhood,
when they suddenly hear the dimly remembered
accents of their mother tongue.' " Now it is an
offense in republican America to avow a living
faith m " the truth and reality and unchangeable-
ness of freedom, virtue, and right." Sir, what
would have been the reflections of Jefferson and
Franklin and Adams and their immortal com-
peeis, who pledged their lives, their fortunes, and
