1092
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 21,
their sacred honor in support of this Declaration,
which started the astonished nations from their
lethargy; and of Washington and his brave com-
rades, who upheld it on the perilous ridges of
battle, could they have foreseen that in less than
one century, it would be a cause of offense, justi-
fying the dismemberment of the Republic, for a
successful political party to avow its faith in the
declaration of rights, for which they were giving
their treasure and toil, and pouring out their blood
like autumnal rains? Surely slavery has4' lessened
the sense of the equal rights of mankind," and
" destroyed that reverence for liberty which is the
•vital principal of a Republic," when it is made an
offense in America to avow faith in the creed of
the founders of the Republic.
The Senator from Texas [Mr. Wigfall] gra-
eiously assures us of the North that if we will
suppress our pulpits, and schools, and presses,
which teach our people that slavery is a wrong,
and recognize the rightfulness of property in the
bodies and souls of men, then they will conde-
scend to take into consideration the question of
continuing in the Union. The Senator dreams of
northern campaigns—of going into winter quar-
ters at the Continental Hotel, in Philadelphia,
the Fifth Avenue House, in New York, and the
Revere House,in Boston. He talks of dictating
a treaty of peace in Faneuil Hall, on Plymouth
Rock,or at Bunker Hill That Senator evidently
has little faith in the capacities of the North fora
contest of arms, should it come upon us, while
he magnifies the power of the South. Sons, who
bear the names and inherit the blood of an ances-
try that rose at the sound of the alarm gun on the
morn of the Revolution, and followed the flag of
independence over stricken fields to the crowning
glories of Yorktown; who crossed bayonets with
British veterans on the bloody heights of Lun-
dy's Lane, and covered your youthful Navy with
renown on ocean and nn lake, are not44 less val-
iant than the virgin in the night, and skilless as
unpracticed infancy." We freely concede the
bravery of our countrymen of the South; and we
do so in spite of their gasconade and boastful
vauntmgs of chivalnc courage. We of the North
are quite confident we are as strong of arm, as
skilled of hand, and as fleet of foot as are oiu
more boastful countrymen of the sunny South;
that we can endure toil and cold and hunger as
well as they; and 1 am sure the Senator from
Texas will admit we can endure thirst quite as
well as they.
But the Senator from Texas tells us that money
is the sinew of war; that we of the North have no
money; that they gather gold in hundreds of mil-
lions from the stalk of the cotton plant. They
send the negro, he says, to the field; he gathers
cotton from the stalk, brings it to the giu-house,
puts it through the necessary process, and rolls
out a bale of live ten dollar gold pieces. But the
Senator did not tell us that it might have cost six
ten dollar gold pieces to get this bale of five ten
dollar gold pieces. The Senator seems to belong
to that class of political economists that never
count the cost of maintaining 44 King Cotton." I
would remind the Senator that we of the North
take this bale of cotton the negro picks, and pay
the five ten dollar gold pieces, stamp upon it our
skill, ait, civilization, send it back, and they of
the South promise to give five bales of the next
crop for it; but I regret to say, sir, we are often
forced to take fewer than are promised. I would
remind the boastful Senator that the people of the
cotton confederacy are in debt to the amount of
millions; that they are not paying fifty cents on
the dollar of their indebtedness; that the proceeds
of the last cotton crop will not extinguish that in-
debtedness. 1 would remind the Senator who
tells us we of the North have no money—that
they pick it by millions from the stalk of the cot-
ton plant—that the working men of Massachu-
setts, gentlemen of the South predicted would be
in a state of starvation and insurrection ere this,
have on deposit, in the savings banks alone,
$45,000,000—millions more than are deposited in
all the banks of the seven seceding States by mer-
chants, bankers, planters, and all classes of their
people.
The Senator from Illinois [Mr. Douglas] os-
tentatiously assumes to rise above parties and
party creeds and platforms, up to the level of the
occasion. I commend his avowed purpose; but
I am constrained to say, after listening to his
speeches, he has hardly come up to the promised
position. Underneath all his vaunting professions
of readiness to ignore party creeds and platforms,
and to know nothing but the Unionrthe Senator
discloses his eagerness to join in the reconstruc-
tion of the broken ranks of the Democracy, and
his readiness to avail himself of passing events
to achieve the desired object. To that end he is
evidently quite ready, perhaps quite anxious to
surrender his 44great principle." He cannot,
therefore, fully appreciate the motives and action
of those who are Jess facile than himself.
The Senator from Illinois brings against us of
the Republican party the accusation that, after
having brought the country to the verge of de-
struction, we will not accept the compromise
measures of the Senator from Kentucky, [Mr.
Crittenden,] and are, therefore, notwithstanding
our professions, not devoted to the perpetuity of
the Union. Sir, I do not understand what the
Senator means by these accusations against us of
having brought the country to the verge of de-
struction, and of not being faithful to the Union.
We did not at Charleston or Baltimore plot the
disruption of the Democratic party, as the first
step to disunion, nor secretly plot the dismem-
berment of the Confederacy or the seizure of the
Government. We have not been in complicity
with secessionists, chaffering for the postpone-
ment of rebellion until after the 4th of March.
Nor have we sat in the councils of the Executive,
conspiring with plotters of rebellions, ruining the
credit of the country, converting the War Office
into an organization for robbing the public Treas-
ury, swindling the people, and betraying the
country—its forts, arms, arsenals, ships—into
the hands of disloyal men. No, sir; no. We
have violated no law, human or divine—performed
no acts not sanctioned by law, humanity, and re-
ligion. Whatever may be the issue of this wicked,
causeless revolt against the Government, we are
ready to abide the judgment of liberty-loving,
law-abiding men of the present and of coming
ages.
The venerable Senator from Kentucky [Mr.
Chittenden] comes forward with his plan of ad-
justment; he stands forth as a pacificator, com-
missioned to compromise and adjust pending is-
sues, to give repose to the disfractcd country. I
most cheerfully accord to the Senator from Ken-
tucky purity of motive and patriotic intentions
and purposes While I believe every pulsation
of his heart throbs for theumtyand perpetuity of
the Republic; while I cherish for him sentiments
of sincere respect and regard, I am constrained
to say, heic and now, that his policy has been
most fatal to the repose of the country, if not to
the integuty of the Union and the authority of
the Government. Whether his task be self-im-
posed or whether it be imposed upon him by
others, he has stood forth/day by day, not to
sustain the Constitution, the Union, and the en-
forcement of the laws; not to rebuke seditions
'words and treasonable acts; but to demand the
incorporation into the organic law of the nation,
of irrepealable, degrading,and humiliating conces-
sions to the dark spirit of slavery. Had the ac-
knowledged chiefs of secession, or their northern
confederates,putforth these demands for conces-
sions to slavery, they would have been promptly
and indignantly rejected by the people of the
North. Put forth in the honored name of the ven-
erable Senator from Kentucky, they have received
support enough to encourage the secessionists in
their demands for concessions which can never,
no, never, be made by the freemen of the North.
The almost certain rejection of these propositions
by the Noith, the secessionists are using to de-
ceive the people of the South concerning the sen-
timents of the people of the free States, and to lead
them into secession and disunion. The ancient
philosopher thought he could move the world, if
he could find a fulcrum for his lever; the seces-
sionists seem to act as if they had found a fulcrum
for their disunion lever in the proposition of the
Senator from Kentucky, which, m bitter irony,
is called a compromise.
The Senator proposes to amend the Constitu-
tion so as to provide that" mall the territory now
held or hereafter acquired situate north of latitude
36° 30', slavery or involuntary servitude is pro-
hibited; and in all territory now held or hereafter
acquired south of that line of latitude, slavery shall
be recognized as existing, and shall be protected
by the Territorial Legislature during its territo-
rial existence." This, sir,is called a compromise
of the slavery question in the Territories of the
United States! A compromise! A compromise
of the slavery question in the Territories : It is,
sir, a cheat, a delusion, a snare. It is an unqual-
ified concession, a complete surrender of all prac-
tical issues concerning slavery in the Territories
to the demands of slave propagandism.
Sir, the leaders of slavery propagandism hav-
ing fixed their hungry eyes on Cuba, Mexico, and
Central America,44 for the planting"—in the word®
of the Senator from Mississippi, [Mr. Brown]—
"and spreading of slavery," demanded of the
Democratic party the recognition of slaves as
property; the right to take such property into the
Territories of the United States, and have it pro-
tected by positive law. These far-seeing leaders
of slave propagandism were not fighting for a
mere abstraction, for the simple recognition of a
favorite theory of constitutional construction.
They were practical statesmen. They saw with
clear vision that the mighty currents of advanc-
ing civilization were bearing them away from the
Territories of the Northwest. They knew that
no recognition of slaves as property, no protec-
tion of slaves as property, by positive law, could
permanently stamp the institution on the terri-
tory north of 36° 30% on Dakota, Nebraska,
Colorado, Utah, Nevada, and Washington. They
saw, as we saw, that the great struggle between
freedom and slavery in Kansas, in which freedom
had won, was a battle not only for Kansas, but
for the Territories north and west of its southern
boundary. They were contending not for the
Temtories north of 36° 30', but for ihe Indian
country, New Mexico, Arizona, and portions of
Mexico and Central America. They went into
the national convention of the Democracy, at
Charleston, made their demands, were domed,
and they disrupted the Democratic party. That
national convention reassembled at Baltimore,
and again the Democracy, under the lead of the
Senator from Illinois, rejected their demand, and
they disiupted the party, resolved to secure the
recognition of their dogma of slavery protection
or destroy the Democratic party, secede from the
Union, establish a southern confederacy, absorb
Mexico and Central America, and found a mag-
nificent slaveholding empire.
The appeal was made to the country, and the
American people, fully comprehending the practi-
cal issues, gave a majoiity of two and half million
against the recognition and protection of slavery
in the Territories, by positive law. Beaten igno-
miniously before the people, the slave propagand-
ists rush into rebellion, threaten the subversion
of the Government; and the Senator from Ken-
tucky, under these treasonable menaces, comes
into the Senate of the United States and proposes
to put into the Constitution, beyond all power of
change, the practical issue made by these slave
propagandists; and the Senator from Illinois ac-
cepts the proposition which he rejected at the cost
of the unity of his party last June, and charges
the Republicans, who cannot so readily change
their principles, with want of devotion to the
Union. The Republicans saw, when they were
fighting the great battle for the freedom of Kan-
sas, that it was a battle for all the territory west
and north of it. When the victory was won, they
comprehended its magnitude. They did not fight
the battle of1860 for the Territories north of36°30' r
although they knew the moral power of victory
would make assurance doubly sure, and that, too,
without further legislation. Confident of assured
success, they are now organizing Colorado, Dako-
ta, and Nevada, without slavery prohibition. The
Republicans, like the slave extensionists, fought
the battle of 1860 for the Indian country, New
Mexico, Arizona, and territory which might here-
after be acquired in Mexico and Central America,
The Senator from Kentucky, sustained by the
Senator from Illinois, nowpioposes to prohibit
slavery m territory where it has been practically
excluded by the victory of freedom in Kansas, in
territory where no one is attempting us prohibi-
tion; and to recognize and protect it°in all the ter-
ritory south of the line of 36° 30', in all the terri-
tory involved in the great contest of last autumn.
Sir, the Senator from Kentucky, not content to
obtain the recognition and protection of slavery
in the existing territory south of the line of °36
30', hastened to accept the amendment moved by
