132
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 19,
gallery? I hope not. Bat the agent, or the agents,
or the reporters of that press, whoever they may
be, are bound to make some explanation on this
subject; and I shall feel it my duty to-morrow,
if sue!) satisfactory explanation be not given, to
move for the expulsion of the reporter of that
press from this gallery. 1 presume there can be
no difference of opinion among Senators upon the
propriety of such a course and the necessity of
such acition.
I may be permitted to say another word: what
was the objeetof this dispatch? About that I
entertain no doubt. A canvass is now proceed-
ing m my State for the election of delegates to a
convention to take into consideration the present
state of the country. It is not necessary for me
to say now what the action of that convention will
bo. i know it in advance. It will not be very
long before we shall have most decided and au-
thentic information on that subject.
Now, sir, I <!o not make this chnrge lightly. I
state it in connection with another fact^and ) am
sorry that my colleague is not now in his seat to
corroborate my statement. During the session
of the Legislature, called specially for the pur-
pose of passing a law to enable the people of
Louisiana, in their sovereign capacity, to decide
upon the course that they will take in the critical
emergencies of the time, tnis associated press
spread throughout the whole extentof this Union,
and, with particular care disseminated throughout
all the southern States, tho assertion that my col-
league was about to make a strong Union speech.
I presume his opinions are very well known here.
What was the purpose of this dispatch? It
may be said, in the case of my colleague, that
these gentlemen, extremely anxious to obtain
information of the opinions of distinguished men
in Washington, and, in fact, of any Senator or
Representative in Congress, sometimes are de-
ceived. Believing that they are acting upon tol-
erably correct information, they think it desirable
to cater to the curiosity of the public. But I must
be permitted to say that, in my opinion, and the
opinion of everybody who has observed the gen-
eral tone and character of the dispatches sent over
this country by the associated press, they are
evidently biased by a strong feeling of opposition
to the great national Democratic party of this
country; and I do not think it would be unfair to
say that they are but too ready, too prone, to re-
ceive and credit, or perhaps to fabricate, what
they may consider would tend to the detriment of
that party, and to the advantage of the other.
In my case, however, there is no cxcusc of this
kind. Tins is a base, deliberate fabrication,
•without one single particle of foundation in truth.
I have nothing more to say, but if I do not re-
ceive a very satisfactory explanation on this sub-
ject to-morrow, if, as I understand, the reporter
of that press has a scat in this gallery, I shall
offer a resolution for his immediate expulsion.
Mr. GWIN. Mr. President, I should not have
ventured to address the Senate at all on a subject
of this description, if the Senator from Louisiana
(Mr. Slidell] had not brought it to the notice of
the Senate; lut f have been told by a number of
gentlemen who have seen the publications in va-
rious papers that my name has been associated
with that of the Senator from Louisiana [Mr.
Slidell] as having visited the President for the
purpose of inducing him to r« sign his office; and
that on his failing to accede to our wishes, very
angry words passed between the President, the
Senator from Louisiana, and myself. I can only
say, as the Senator has said, in regard to this tel-
egraphic dispatch, that there is not a shadow of
truth in the whole statement. It is false from
beginning to end. Not an unkind word has passed
between the President and myself during this ses-
sion, and it is not likely to be the case. No such
advice would ever have been given to him by me,
nor, I am sure, by the Senator from Louisiana.
I should not have noticed such a barefaced slan-
der if the Senator from Louisiana, in acquitting
himself, lmdtiot made it proper forme to do like-
wise , that no misconstruction should be placed
upon my silence.
PETITION AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. DURKEE presented four memorials of the
TuscaroVa, Oneida, Seneca and Onondaga tribes
of the New York Indians, praying compensation
for lands in Kansas under the treaty of January
15, 1838; which were referred to the Committee
on Indian Affairs.
Mr. HAMLIN presented the petition of Amos
Kyle and others, invalid pensioners, residing in
Androscoggin county, Maine, praying that the
decision of the Court of Claims granting pay
from the time of disability may" be carried into
effect; which was referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
Mr. HALE presented the memorial of the
People's Pacific Railroad Company, in aid of their
petition of the 16th of April, I860; which was
ordered to >ie on the table.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN.
On motion of Mr, BROWN, it was
Ordered, That leave he granted to withdraw from the
files of the Senate the memorial of Miss SaUie Eola Re-
neon, praying an appropriation of a portion of unappropri
ated public land in the State of Mi^i^sippi for the purpose
of endowing the State Female College of Mississippi.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. HEMPHILL asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
522) making an appropriation for the erection of
a light-house, or providing a light-ship, at the
entrance of Galveston harbor, in the State of
Texas; which was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
REPORTS FROM A COMMITTEE.
Mr. DAVIS, from the Committee on Military
Affairs and Militia, to whom was referred the bill
(H. R. No. 527) for the relief of Julius Martin,
reported it without amendment; and submitted an
adverse report, which was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of Thomas H. Burley,
praying that the right to use a machine for dove-
tailing wood, invented andpatented byhim,may
be purchased by the United States, asked to be
discharged from its further consideration; which
was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom was
referred a letter from J. M. Hoge, in relation to his
system of communication by cipher, in writing,
or by telegraph, asked to be discharged from its
further consideration; which was agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS. The same committee, to whom
was refeired the bill (S. No. 93) for the comple-
tion of a military road from Fort Benton to
Walla Walla, have had the same under consid-
eration, and find that the appropriation has been
made which is asked for in the bill, and there-
fore ask to be discharged from its further con-
sideration.
The committee was discharged.
Mr. DAVIS. The same committee, to whom
was referred a resolution instructing the commit-
tee to inquire into the expediency of securing the
exclusive use and benefit of a system of commu-
nication by cipher, in writing or by telegraph,
between officers of the Government, and to report
upon any schemes or plans submitted for that
purpose, find that Congress acted upon the matter
by the appointment of a staff officer charged with
the subject, and therefore ask to be discharged
from the further consideration of the resolution.
The committee was discharged.
PRINTING OF A DOCUMENT.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Hayes, Chief Clerk, announced that the
House had ordered, this day, at twelve o'clock
and fifteen minutes, the printing of a letter from
the Acting Secretary of State, transmitting copies
of contracts entered into by the Commissioner of
Public Buildings during the current fiscal year;
also, statements giving the names of the bidders,
and the prices at which they proposed to do the
work contemplated by said contracts.
PENSION APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. HUNTER. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Finance to report back a bill making
appropriations for the payment of invalid and
other pensions of the United States for the year
ending the 30th of June, 1862, without amend-
ment. 1 will state that this is strictly according
to estimate, and I ask, by general consent, that it
be disposed of now
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot in
the chair.) If there be no objection, the bill will
be considered at this time. The Chair hoars no
objection.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (H. R. No. 861)
making appropriations for the payment of invalid
and other pensions of the United States for the
year ending the 30th of June, 3862.
The Secretary proceeded to read the bill.
Mr. HUNTER. It is according to estimate. It
need not be read, I presume.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The reading
may be dispensed with by unanimous consent.
["Agreed.*']
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, and ordered to a third reading.
Mr. KING, The bill ought to be read.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The reading
of the bill is called for.
The Secretary read the bill. It was then read
the third time, and passed.
MILITARY ACADEMY BILL.
Mr. HUNTER. I am also directed by the Com-
mittee on Finance to report back an act making
appropriations for the support of the Military
Academy for the year ending the 30th of June,
1862, wfth one amendment. I ask that it be now
considered by general consent.
The motion was agieed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceed*d to con-
sider the bill (Ii. R. No. 862) making appropria-
tions for the support of the Military Academy for
the year ending the 30di of June, 1862.
The Committee on Finance reporu d the follow-
ing amendment to the bill, to be added as a new
clause:
To defray the expenses of the commission appointed
under the eighth section of " An aet makinir appropriations
foi the support of the Ai my lor the year ending the 3Jth of
Juno, 1861,'' in addition to the amount appropiiated by the
said act, $1.350.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendment wasconcurred in and orden d
to be engrossed; and the bill was ordered to be
read a third time. It was read the third tiofe,and
passed. k/
CLAIMS AGAINST MEXICO.*
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no fur-
ther petitions or reports, the Chair will call up, as
the unfinished business of the morning hour, the
bill (S. No. J12) to further carry out the provis-
ions of the fifteenth section of the treaty between
the Uuited States and Mexico, concluded on the
2d day of February, 1848. The pending question
is on the amendment ofteird by the Senator from
Missouri, [Mr. Polk,] in line seventeen of the
first section, after the word "merits," to insert
the words " nor upon illegal grounds."
The amendment was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The next question
is on the amendment proposed by the Senator
from Maine. [Mr. Hamlin,] in line fourteen of
the first section, to strike out the word " either,"
and in lines sixteen, seventeen, and eighteen, to
strike out the wotds " or were not adjudicated on
their merits, nor upon illegal grounds, by the
same, and to decide thereon, according to the pro-
visions of the said treaty."
Mr. POLK. 1 think we had better not adopt
that amendment; but let the bill stand ns it is,
and raise the question upon the merits of the bill.
I am one of those who think that when the Uni-
ted States assumed to pay Mexican debts up to a
certain amount, and when the object of that pro-
vision was mi rely that all those claims that had
merit should have an opportunity of being adju-
dicated upon, such a clause as this ought not to
be stricken out. Under the provisions of this bill,
if a commission is to sit at all, that commission
should have an opportunity to examine into all
cases that have merits. Now, I think myself
that there is just as much justice in allowing a
case that may have been presented, and that may
have been thrown outfora mere technicality with-
out touching its merits, to be adjudicated upon
and to be decided in favor of by the board, as
there is in allowing a case that has not been pre-
sented at all to be now presented and adjudicated,
t think more, because in the last case the party
having merits has used diligence; he has presented
his claim, but ii has been rejected on technical
grounds when it had merit. But as the bill will
be when amended, a party, who has not used
diligence to present his case at all, will have more
advantage of the bill than a party who has been
