1B60.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
<1 Hisr^nt to set the benefit of the act as it was passed
to earryout the treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo. I
think) therefore, that the amendment of the Sen-
atorfrom Maine ought not to be adopted. It ought
to hi* voted down, and then let us t:«ke a vole on
tb" bill. ! think that if the bill ought to pass at
v all, it ought to p,iRS without the amendment pro-
posed by the Senator from Maine. I think that
that, instead of doing justice, does injustice, and
puts the vgiidnt on a worse footingthan those who
sleco on their rights.
Mr. SLIDELL. 1 stated on a previous occa-
sion, that no portion of the $,3,250,000 provided
to be paid to the cit.zens of the United States who
had suffered damage from any of the acts of Mex-
ico, proceeded from the indemnity agreed to be
paid to Mexico; that it was a totally distinct fund,
in which Mexico had no interest and no contin-
gent remainder. 1 did not happen to be in my
sent the other day, when the Senator from Geor-
gia {Mr. Iverson] criticized that assertion of
mine. He said:
" When it w;n up for consideration before, the Senator
from Louisiana, not now in Is is place, (Mr. Sudejx,] m.tde
some remark-* in relation to the bill itself, ami tlic claims
that he Mipposes are covered by it; and the Senator took
occasion io -ay that by the treaty betweu the Unit-id
Si.itev and Mexico,the United States asreed topiyio Me\-
rco .$!*>,lor certain terutory ceded by Mexico to the
United State-,ai.d that lhfUi§i5,000,0j0 liad all l-een |i,i-d.
i ill) not -iippothe Setuitoi iiit'iid^d to ni^ropie-ent the
tact o! the case, and he made thNbtatement through meic
inadvcrtenc". However, hi> remark would lead a person
;ioi co.ivei-nnt witti the fact- t<> behev<; that the United
Sr tt.'s had paid to the Kepnbhc 01 Mexico $!o,OOO,Ou0 m
ca-h, and that tin-. S3.2j*j.0J0 w\i* a different, an outside
imtt.'j, wh.eh the Govermnmt of the United ^tate-< \va<
not ended upon to respond to. That, however, is a great
mistake."
The Senator then goes on to say, that the
$15,000,000 were not paid, but only $11,750,000,
•ami that the balance of &3,250,0U0 remain* d in
the Treasury of the United States as a trust fund
belonging to Mexico, and that any balance which
might not headjudicated to belong to our citizens
would revert to* Mexico. Now 1 must return the
compliment the Senator from Georgia paid me,
and >\\y that I am sure he did not intend to mis-
represent the facts of the case, but has certainly
misunderstood them. 1 will read, in order that
there may be no mistake about the matter—and
1 have n<> wish to recur to it again—the twelfth
article of tile treaty:
"Art. H In consideration of the extension acquired
by the hinindane?. ot the United States, as defined m the
filth aitjcle oi the p'oent tieaty, the Government <>f the
United States engages to pay to that o the Mexican R-pub
lie the >um «■! $1 ">.000,0 >0. hmucdiat *ly after thia tieaty
s>hah have hetm du.y tat.fi -d bv die Gov'rmucnt ot the
M"*iea  Rcpuhhe, the mm o Out)-hall be paid to
the said Government b\ that 01 the United State-, at the
city, of Mexico, hi the gold or mIv >r coin o, Mexico. Tli"
rcmuimng .-"pi- OOJ.OOJ t-hall be paid at the <ame place, and
in the tam.' cotn. in annual installment-' oi $3,000,wot) ea< I),
together Willi micros on the same at the  ate ot six p« r
centum pe> annum Tin> uttere i -hall b.'^in to tun upon
the who!,- Mini (>1 $19,00 ).0l) ' lioiu the day of tin- ratifiea
tsnn oi the picscnt tteim bvthe Mexican Government, and
the fti-r oi the in tailtneriN sliall be paid at tile exp.tation
of one year tiom the same day- To;jetho  with each annual
ln-irtilmeut, a< it fall - du-% the wuole tnteiest acen m  on
such installment from the beginning slnli also be paid."
I have been under the impression that from the
date of this trea'y up almost to the presentperiod,
the Treasury of the United States lias been per-
fectly competent to meet all us obligations—in
a very different position from what it unfortu-
nately is to-day. 1 believe all the demands upon
the Treasury have been promptly met. The
treaty stipulates for the payment of $3,000,009
in cash on the exchange of ratifications, and the
payment of the other $12,000,000 in four annua!
installments That is the obligation of the treaty.
Jf $3,250,000 have been reserved, the onus of
establishing that, fact falls upon the Senator from
Georgia, and not upon me.
Now let us go further. By article fourteen
'• The United State-* do ftirthermote discharge the Mexi-
can R  piihm from all c Unm ot citizensofthe United States,
not heretoU.H- decided acamst the Mexican Government,
which may have arisenpiuviously to the date oft he signa-
tuie of tliiv tteatv.5'
By ai tide fifteen
'lThe United States exoneiating Mexico from nil de-
nruiu- on account u *the clami-ofthen citizen^, mentioned
in tli" preiM due' article.and eon>idei iri^ them entirely and
foi.'vci canceled, whatever then amount may be, undertake
to make satisfaction for the same
To whom > Not to the Mexican Government,
bur to the citizens of the Uniied States—
"to an amount not exceeding $3,250,000.
To ascertain the .validity of those claims, a
board of commissioners is to be appointed, (fee-
Now, 1 am sure that I was perfectly right in my
first statement, and that the Senator was wrong.
Mr. IVERSON. Mr. President, it is a long
time since! read the treaty between this Govern-
ment and Mexico; but the impression wasstrongly
on my mind that the $3,250,000 set apart for the
payment of these claims had been stipulated to
be paid by this Governm nt in consid< ration of
the cession of territory. Perhaps I was mistaken
about that; hut it is not a matter of any conse-
quence whether the- $3,250,000 was a part of the
$15,000,000-,or an independent Sinn to he paid by
the Government of the United States. The Gov-
ernment of the United States has entered into a
plighted obligation, not -only to the Republic of
Mexico, but to the citizens of the United States,
to pay them to the extentof$3,250,000atany rate,
for any just claims which they might have against
iheGov-ei nment of Mexico. Ilere are §211,000 of
the $3,250,000 that have not been paid. The only
question for the Senate to decide is: are there any
just claims, on the part of individual citizens of
the United States against the Government of Mex-
ico which have not been paid out of the §3,250,000?
If there be any such just claims, this Government
would oct in bad faith if it did not pay these
§211,000 for their satisfaction. That is the posi-
tion I take, and I think it is invulnerable. The
Government of the United States agreed to pay
$3,250,000, if there were individual claims to that
extent. II has alremly paid the whole umountof
that sum, with the exception of ^211,000, which
remains in the Treasury unexpended. it is alleged
that there arc citizens of the United States, who
have just claims against the Government of Mex-
ico, which have not heretofore been paid out of
this fund. If that be true, 1 want to know with
what sort of good faith, or honor, the Govern-
ment of the United States can shelter itself be-
hind the foimer commission, and say, " We will
not pay these claims however just they may be,
I although wo have pledged our faith that they shall
be paid." That is the question for the Senate to
decide. This bill merely provides that if there be
any just claims which have not heretofore been
presented to the board of commissioners, or hav-
ing been presented, have not been decided on
the.r merits, but have gone off upon some tech-
nical point, so that the claimants have had injus-
tice done them, they may be allowed an opportu-
nity again to present their chums before a hoard
of commissioners appointed by the Government,
and if their claims can be sustain'd by proof and
by the principles of justice, this fund of $211,000
shall be appropriated to pay them as far us it
goes. It seems to nie there can be no principle
more pist ami honoiable than this. It is for the
Senate to decide whether they will take that, or
repudiate these claims, and do injustice to the
citiz' iis of the Uniti d Siat.es.
Mr. BAYARD. I am unable to see any pre-
tension to a question of faith arising in this ease.
The Government of the United States did not
ph dge themselves to pay $3,250,000 to claimants;
but they pledged themselves to pay claimants
who, under the terms of tiiat treaty—if the tri-
bunal that it provided for was constituted by
Congress—should establish their claims before
that'tribunal, provided theamount did not exceed
$3,250,000. This is one of the commonest forms
of limitation on the pai t of the Government where
they negotiate with a foreign country and release
that country from the claim of a citizen, and agree
to take the claim upon themselves. In such cases,
this Government almost invariably imposes a lim-
itation on the amount for which they shall be lia-
ble,and they appoint a tribunal to decidcupon the
merits of the claims. It was done in this instance.
The claims were before it; they were adjudicated
by able and eminent men. Not satisfied with that,
ys I said before, gieat complaints were made ot
the decisions of that commission. It was alleged
that they had rejected claims that ou<*ht to have
been allowed in law and in equity. Their action
was revised by a committee of the Senate four
years afterwards; and after an investigation of the
whole of the petitions presented, and a general
notice published throughout the country for claim-
ants to come forward, the committee decided in
favor of but two claims, and divided upon a third.
These two have been paid: the bills for them
were subsequently passed.
Now, what is the proposition ? A commission
having been organized under the law, and panics
having had full to come before ity and never
having presented their claims, at the. lapse,, of
twelve years* when the evidence of thfl facts sp
far as concerns the Government and its ability to
resist fraudulent claims, would be entirely lost, itt
is proposed to have-asecond commission. Where
is this to end? You have other treaties of the
same kind. As I stated, you had a similar, pro-
vision in the treaty with Spain, where you agreed
to release Spain from all liability for any claims
of your citizens, and provided that you would pay
not exceeding #5,000,000 to your own citizens, in
consideration that Spain ceded the Floridas. -.Your
commission sat under that treaty, they adjudica-
ted the claims; they rejected vast amounts. Of
the amount that they tl.d recognize, the sum of
§5,000,000 would not pay more than ninety-two
per cent. You never paid any more. Would it
not be a monstrous proposition now to say that
the faith of this Government is pledged to pay
more than it agreed to pay, or that it is pledged
to have a new commission in favor of persons
who did not then choose to cooie in and present
their claims? Where is the difference between
twelve or twenty-five or thirty years? It is only
a question of time. The neglect is as great m the
one case as in the other. The claimant has had
the full opportunity to make known his claim,
according to the terms of the treaty, to the tribu-
nal organized by Congress under it; he has failed
to do so; and he has no claim whatever upon this
Government.
The limitation is simply to protect the Govern-
ment agamst excess, it has always been inserted
in such treaties; and it implies no obligation to
pay those who so sleep over their rights that they
suffer years to expire, when the Government
might meet fraudulent claims, and then come for-
ward for the purpose of establishing them when
the Government have no means of redress in their
hands, and no means of inquiry into the facts.
But this bill goes further us a question of mere
policy. This Government have had, probably,
twentvcasesol'commissions under treaties. They
never have yet established a second commission
to pass upon the claims of claimants who did not
choose to pr-seiu themselves under the first com*
mission established undei the treaty. Why should
tii^y oigaii'Ze Nuch a commission? Where will it
en$l^ There is just .as good cause, under th#
Florida treaty, to"appoint a new commission, and
let claimants come in—the heirs of Mr. Meade,
amongothers—for that claim was one of theclaims
that the commissioners, either from want of tes-
timony, or some other cause, refused to act upon,
Now, sir, I do not know that there may not be
specific cases in regard to which possibly, under
peculiar circumstances, the claimants might not
satisfy Congress that tiny ought to be relieved
on other grounds; l-ut I am very sure that there
is no question of faith in this case on the part of
the nation; and that unless we mean to open the
door in the case of every treaty we have ever
negotiated, where a commission has been held
under it, for applications for new commiss onstt
the lapse of ten, fifteen, or twenty years, we can-
not agree to pass this bill; for the mere fact that
the amount of the claims did not come up to the
sum that we stipulat* d should be the extent that
we would pay, can make no difference whatever
as regards the equi'y of the cld'irmnts. We did
not agree to pay £,3,250,000. We agreed to pay
the claims adjudicated which were presented to
the commission. The commission sat, with pub-
lic notice; and tf the claimants did not come, we
were to pay only what was adjudged. Unfortu-
nately, as regards the Government of the United
States, they did pay a great deal more under that
commission than they ought to have paid. They
paid the amount of the Gardiner claim,and they
never recovered back one tenth part of the amount
they did pay. The fund originally left was but
$40,000, or a little over. It has been since in-
creased by the amount which has been recovered
arising from the fraud m the Gardiner case; but
that does not constitute one tenth part of the
amount that was paid under the Gardiner claim-
The PRESIDING OFF1QER, (Mr. Fppx in
the chair.) The hour of one o'clock haying ar-
rived, the further consideration of this bill mustt
give way to the consideration of the special order.
Mr. BAVARD. 1 have done at any rate. 1
