1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1095
UNITED STATES SHIPS, ETC.
Mr. DAWES. 1 am instructed by the select
committee of five to make a report, accompanied
bv a resolution. I do not desire to have it read,
if it is understood that it shall be printed in the
Globe.
The SPEAKER. The Chair hears no objec-
tion, and that will be the understanding.
The following is the report of the committee:
The select committee, to whom was referred the message
of the President of the United States, of date January 8,
1861, with special instructions, in partial discharge of the
duties imposed upon them, furthei report:
That they were instructed, among other things, to inquire
" where tile ships of the United States are now stationed,
in what command, and under what orders." The result of
this inquiiy, together with such observation as the peculiar
circumstances under which it is instituted suggest, they
now respectfully submit for the consideration of the House.
The entire naval force of the country, in commission and
uuderordersjon the 16th of January, 1851, together with the
name of the commander of each vessel, and the station to
winch each had been before that date assigned, appears, by
evidence furnished the committee fiom the Navy Depart-
ment, to consist of the following vessels:
List of the vessels of the United States iW/ri/. in commission
on the i6th of January, 1861.
East India squadron: Hartford, steam-sloop, Captain
•Charles Lowndes; John Adams, sloop. Commander J. M.
Berrien; Dacotah, steam-sloop, Commander Wilham llad-
fonl; Saginaw, steamer, Commander J. F. Schenck—cruis-
ing on the East India station. Vandalia, sloop-of-war,
'Commander P. Lee—on the way to the station.
Brazil squadron ^ Congress, frigate, Captain L. M. Golds-
borough ; Seminole,steam-sloop, Commander E. R. Thom-
son; Pulaski, steamer, Lieutenant Commanding W. H.
.Macomb—cruising-on the station.
Pacific squadron: Lancaster, steam-sloop, Captain John
lludd; Saranac, steamer, Captain Robert Ritchie ; Wyo-
ming, steam-sloop, Commander J. K. Mitchell; Cyane,
«loop-of-war, Commander S. B. Bissell; St. Maiy's, sloop-
of-war, Commander W. D. Poiter—at Panama, 3d Januaiy.
Narragansett, steam-sloop, Commander T. A. Hunt—on
*he South Ameiican coast. Levant, sloop-of-war, Com-
mander William E. Hunt—at IIilo, 3d September.
Mediterranean squadron: Richmond, steam-sloop, Cap-
tain D VV. lngrahain; Susquehanna, steam-sloop, Captain
George W. Hollms; Iroquois, steam-sloop, Commander
J. S. Palmer—cruising on the station.
African squadron: Constellation, sloop-of-war, Captain
J. S. Nicholas; Portsmouth, sloop-of-war, Commander
John Calhoun; San Jacinto, steam-sloop. Captain T. A.
•JUornm; Mystic, steamer, Lieutenant Commanding Wil-
liam E. Le Roy; Sumter, steamer,Lieutenant Command-
ing J. F. Atmstrong; Mohican, steam-sloop, Commander
fi W. Godon ; Saiatoga, sloop-of-war, Commauder AUred
Taylor—cruising on coast of Africa.
Home squadion: Cumberland, sloop-of-war. Captain J.
Marston; Powhatan, steam-sloop, Captain 8. Mercer; Po-
cahontas. steam-sloop, Commander S. F. Hazaid—at Vera
<)ruz. Pawnee, steam-sloop, Commander S. C. Rowan—
at Philadelphia. Brooklyn, steam-sloop, Captain W. S.
"Walker—at Hampton Roads. Sabine, frigate, Captain II.
A. Adams; St. Louis, sloop-of-war, Cotmnander Charles
•H. Poor—under orders to Pensacola. Macedonian, sloop-
of-war, Captain James Glynn—on way to Pensacola. Mo-
>liawk, steamer, LieutenantCommandingT. A. M. Craven ;
Crusadei, steamer, Lieutenant Commanding J. N. Martin;
Wyandotte, steamer, Lieutenant Commanding O. H. Ber-
-i-ynian—supposed to be on their station, the coast of Cuba.
Stoiesliips: Falmouth, sloop-of-war, Lieutenant Com-
•mandmg Charles Thomas—stationed at Aspimvall. War-
ren, sloop-of-war, Lieutenant Commanding J. J. Boyle—
stationed at Panama. Frcdoma, Lieutenant Commanding
J. M. Watson—stationed at Valparaiso. Supply, Com-
mander It. Walke—sailed from Pensacola, l*2tli January,
for Vera Ciuz. Release, Lieutenant-Commanding J. M.
Frailey — returning from Mediterranean. Relief, Com-
mander John Do Camp—at New York.
Special service : Niagara, screw-frigate, Captain William
W. McKean—special service to Japan.
Receiving ships: Ohio, ship of the line. Commander
William Smith—Boston. Noith Carolina, ship of the line,
Commander J. H. Ward—New York. Princeton, steamer,
CommanderH. K.HotF—Philadelphia. Alleghany,steamer,
Commander W. W. Hunter—Baltimore. Pennsylvania,
elnp of the line, Commander A. Sinclair—Norfolk. Inde-
pendence, razee—Mare Island, California.
There were also in the ports of the United States, dis-
mantled and unfit for immediate service, the following
vessels belonging to the Navy:
At Portsmouth, New Hampshire: Santee, frigate, 50
^uns; Dale, sloop, 16 guns; Marion, sloop, 16 guns.
AtBoston: Colorado,ateam-fngate,40guns ; Minnesota,
steam-frigate, 40 guns: Mississippi, steamer, 11 guns; Ver-
mont, ship of the line, 84 guns; Vmcennes, sloop, 20 guns;
Preble, sloop, 16 guns; Bainbndge, brig, 6 guns.
At New York : Wabash, steam-frigate, 40 guns; Roan-
oke, steam-frigate, 40 guns; Potomac, frigate, 50 guns;
Brandywine, frigate, 50 guns; Savannah, sloop, 24 guns ;
Periy, brig, 6 guns.
At Philadelphia: Pawnee, sloop-of-war, 6 guns; Water
Witch, steamer, 3 guns; St. Lawrence, frigate, 50 guns;
Jamestown, sloop, 22 guns.
At Washington: Pensacola, steam-sloop.
At Norfolk: Merrimack, steam-frigate, 40 guns; Ply-
mouth, sloop, 22 guns; Germantovvn, sloop, 22 guns; Rari-
tan, frigate,50 guns; Columbia, frigate, 50 guns; United
States, frigate, 50 guns.
At Annapolis; Constitution, frigate, 50 guns.
The number oi ships thus lying in port dismantled, and
unfit for service, is twenty-eight, mounting in the aggregate
eight hundred and seventy-four guns. None of them couid
,be .repaired and.put under sail short of several weeks5 time,
and many of them would requite for that purpose at least
six months. No ordershave been issued to putin readiness
any of them.
According to the statement furnished the committee, the
foregoing comprises the whole naval foree of the country,
both that which is in commission and in actual service,
and that which lies in port, and is, from any cause, una-
vailable in any suddeu emergency.
. From this statement, it will appear that the entire naval
force available for the defense of the whole Atlantic coast,
at the tunc of the appointment of this committee, consisted
of the. steamer Brooklyn, twenty-five guns, and the store-
ship Relief, two guns; while the former was of too great
draught to permit her to enter Chaileston harbor with safety,
except at spring tides, aud the latter was under orders to
the coast of Africa, with stores for the African squadron.
Thus the whole Atlantic sea-boaid has been, to all intents
and purposes, without defence during all the period of civil
commotion and lawless violence to which the President
ha«s called our attention as "of such vast and alarming pro-
portions" as to be beyond his power to check or control.
It further appears that of the vessels which might have
been available for protection or defense in ease of any sud-
den emergency arising at home, now at stations m distant
seas, or oh the way thither, on tbe 13th of October last the
Richmond left our c«ast to join the Mediterranean squad-
ron ; the Vandalia left on the 21st of December to join the
East India squadron; and about the same time the Sara-
toga to join the Afucan squadion, and others to join the
Home squadron, then in thohaiboi of Veia Cruz, support-
ing one of the revolutionary Governments of Mexico.
The committee cannot omit to call attention to this ex-
traordinary disposition of the erituc naval force of the coun-
try, and especially in connection with the present no less
extraordinary and critical juncture of public affairs. They
cannot call to mind any period m the past history of the
countiy of such profound peace and internal repose as
would justify so entire an abandonment of the coast of the
country to the chances of fortune. Certainly, since the
nation possessed a Navy, ii hasnever sent its entire avail-
able foree into distant seas, and exposed the immense in-
terests at home, of which it is the special guardian, to the
dangers from which, even in times of the utmost quiet,
prudence and forecast do always shelter them.
But the committee cannot shut their eyes to the fact that
this remarkable state of tilings has occurred at a period m
our history without a pmallel foi internal commotion,law-
less violence, and total disregard of the authority of Con-
stitution and law, and of the rights of property, public and
piivate—a state of things which the President himself, in
the message referred to this committee, denominated a ev-
olution of lC such vast and alanningproportions as to place
the subject entirely above and beyond executive control."
During this period combinations have been formed for the
avowed purpose of overthrowing the Government itself, and
have carried forward that purpose m oveit acts of violence
never before known m the country. The arms of theGov-
ernment have been seized in aiseuals and other places of
deposit, by lawless mobs, and placed in the hands of those
in open rebellion. Fortifications have been taken posses-
sion of, navy-yards plundered, and magazines lobbed. The
gum of the United States upon the battlements of the na-
tional defense have been turned upon unarmed vessels of
the Government, and the flag of the country fired upon
by insolent lebels. The K'venueservice has been betiayed,
and its vessels treacherously surrendered to those who de-
fied the authority of the United States, by men holding com-
missions under the very Government they vveie betraying.
The public moneys in the national mints have been seized,
and naval stores plundered. The commerce of the country,
and the lives of us citizens, have been put in peril by the
wanton and lawless destruction of buoys erected to warn
the mariner of sunken rocks; and the lights on the coast
have been put out that the darkness and the tempest might
be invoked m aid of the schemes of tho.-Ne resisting the law.
Unarmed and unoffending merchant vessels, riding peace-
fully at anchor in the harbors of the nation, and beneath its
own flag, have been seized by insurgent torces, m retalia-
tion foi obstructions tin own in the way of their levolution-
arydesign-*. The law has been defied; the Constitution
tlnust aside, and the Government itself assaulted.
Nor has this state of lawless violence and total disregard
of public and private rights been a sudden outburst of pas-
sion or discontent at some new and unexpected measure of
governmental policy, to which resistance had never been
threatened, and could not have been provided against. But
it is m fulfillment of schemes long entertained, and fre-
quently threatened in certain quarters of the Union. In-
deed, it is resistance to the law and the Constitution, con-
sequent upon the clcction of a particular person to the office
of Chief Magistrate of the nation. Of ail this, those charged
with the execution of the laws and the preservation of the
public peace bad ample notice. It was for many months
apparent to all but the blind that the whole current of events
was turned in the direction which was to bring to the test
the sincerity of the threats thus uttered. A chief magis-
trate of one of the State? had, more than two years befoie,
publicly confessed a design on his part, if the like contin-
gency had happened at the general election four years ago,
to have made the attempt to ovei throw the Government by
seizing the public arms at Harpei's Ferry, and marching
upon the Capitol itself. When the Legislature of South
Carolina assembled m November last to discharge the con-
stitutional obligation of making choice of electors of Pres-
ident and Vice President, the Governor of the State, by
special message, recommended that measures should be
taken to overthrow that Constitution if the choice of the
majority did not coincide with her own. In fulfillment of
these open threats, oveit acts of resistance to the Govern-
ment, by bands of lawless men followed the announce-
ment that the people, according to the requirements of the
Constitution, had made selection of a Chief Magistrate for
the ensuing four years, not the choice of those who had
openly avowed resistance if their own preferences should
be disregarded by that majority. Prom that time to the pres-
ent, the public authority lias been defied, and the public
rights disregarded. Yet, during all this time, that most im-
portant arm of the public defense, the entire Navy, has ,
been beyond the reach of orders, however great the emer-
gency.
To the committee, this disposition of the naval force, at
this critical time, seems most extraordinary. The permit-
tins of vessels to depart for distant seas after these unhappy
difficulties had broken out at home; the omission to putin
repair, and commission ready for orders, a single one of
the twenty-eight ships dismantled and unfit for service ia
our own ports, and that, too, while $646,639 79 of the
appropriations for repairs m the Navy the present year re-
mained unexpended, were, in the opinion of the commit-
tee, grave errors in the administration of the Navy Depart-
ment ; the consequences of which have been manifest in
the many acts of lawless violence to which they have called
attention. Tbe committee are of opinion that tbe Secre-
tary had it in his power, with the present naval force of
the country at his command, and without materially im-
pairing the efficiency of the service abroad, at any time
after the settled purpose of overthrowing the Government
had become manifest, and before that purpose had devel-
oped itself in overt acts of violence, to station at anchor,
within reach of his own orders, a force equal to the pro-
tection of all the property and all the rights of the Govern-
ment and the citizen, as well as the flag of tbe country,
from any outrage or insult, at any point on the entire At-
lantic sea-board. The laiiure to do this is withoutjustifi-
cation or cxcuse.
RESIGNATIONS IN THE NAVY.
The attention of the committee was also drawn to tire
resignations which have taken place among the officers in
the Navy, caused by the political troubles in which the
country is now involved, and the course pursued by the
Navy Department in reference thereto. It will appearfrom
a " list of resignations" furnished by the Department, and
which accompanies this report, that, since the election,
twenty-nine officers in the Navy, citizens of the southern
disaffected States, have tendered their resignations to the
Secretary, all of which have been forthwith, and without
inquiry, accepted by him. Thecircumstancesunderwhich
these resignations have been received and accepted, and
the effect of that acceptance, deserve especial notice. That
these officers have sought to resign and relieve themselves
from the obligation to the Government imposed by their
commissions because of disaffection, and a desire to join,
and, in many instances, to lead, insurgent forces against
that Government, is notorious. One of them, Lieutenant
J. R. Hamilton, a citizen of South Carolina,forwarded his
resignation from on board the Wyoming., atPanama, dated
December 1, 1860. It did not reach'the Department until
the 15th of the same month, and, without inquiry into his
conduct, his purpose in resigning, his loyalty, or any cir-
cumstance connected with so unusual a proceeding at such
a time, his resignation was accepted the same day. He im-
mediately, from Charleston, South Carolina,issued aletter
addressed to all the officers in the Navy from southern
States uigmg them to resign, and join aho&tile force against
the Government, and that those of them in command should
bring with them their vessels into southern ports, and sur-
render them to the traitors already xii arms, taking new
commissions under their authority, and then turning their
guns upon their own flag.
Such conduct is nothing less than treason, and has no
parallel since the attempt of Benedict Arnold to deliver
over important military posts to the enemies of his cottn-
tiy. Had the Secretary declined to accept the resignation
thus tendered, tins man would have been subject to the trial
and punishment of a court-martial, according to the rules
which govern the service, and would have met the fate of
a traitor. This extraordinary letter was published through-
out the United States. After its circulation in the public
prints in Washington, V. M. Randolph, a captain in the ,r
Navy, a citizen of Alabama, who had been excused from
active service for two or three years, because of alleged
ill health, on the 10th of January, 1863, forwarded from
Montgomery, Alabama, his resignation to the Secretary,
ttefore twelve o'clock at noon of the 12th, and before his
resignation had reached Washington, and while he waa
still a captain in the Navy, he appeared at the pates of the
Pensacola navy-yard, in Floiida, at the head of an insur-
gent force, and demanded its suirender. The yard, with
whatever of force it had and the United States stores and
other property to a vast amount therein, was uncondition-
ally surrendered to him; and he is now its commandant,
occupying the quaiters of the late commandant, and grant
mg paroles of honor to such of his prisoners of war as have
desired to depart, and notserve under him. The dispatch
from the late commandant,then a prisonerof war,inform-
ing the Secretary of this ignominious surrender, was re-
ceived at the Department on the evening of the 33th of
January ; and the resignation of Captain Randolph, who,
on the 12th, was the leader of the insurgents, did not icach
the Secretary till the 14th, when, without inquiry or delay,
it was immediately accepted.
E. Farrand, commander m the Navy, and also a citizen
of Alabama, was the second in command at the Pensacola
navy-vard, the executive officer of the yard. VWien the
attack was made upon the yard, Farrand met tlte assail-
ants at the gates by previous understanding, admitted them
to the yard, and conducted their leader to the commanding
officer, participated in the formal capitulation, and imme-
diately engaged i  service under the new commandant of
the vatd. This waa done while hestill held in his posses-
sion his commission as a commander in the Navy. On the
13th or 15th of January, (the Department does not know
winch.) Farrand forwarded his resignation to the Secre-
tary, but it did not reach him till the 21st or the same
month, seven days after official notice of the surrender
had been received at the Department. Yet this resigna
tion was immediately, and without inquiry, accepted-
F. B. Renshaw, a lieutenant in the Navy, and a citizen
of Florida, was the first lieutenant of the yard, and actively
engaged in securing its surrender. It was by his order that
the flag was hauled down amid the jeers and shouts of a
drunken rabble. He immediately enrolled himself under
the leader of the insurgents, and present commandant of
the yard, and from the day of its surrender has continued
under imp to discharge the duty of first lieutenant, as be-
