m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 19,
its improvement, its perpetuation, its continu-
ance, by pointing out and by prescribing the
mode and manner in which improvements shall
be made. That still preserves the idea that it is
to ba perpetual. We find, in addition, a provision
that Congress shall have power to admit new
States.
Hence, in traveling along through the instru-
ment, we find how the Government is created,
how it i« to -be perpetuated, and how it may be
enlarged in reference to the numberof States con-
stituting tba Confederacy; but do we find any
provision for winding it up, except on that gieat
mhefent principle that it may be wound up by
the States—not by a State, but,by the States
which spoke it into existence—and by no other
means. That is a means of taking down the
Government that the Constitution could not pro-
vide for... It is above the Constitution; it is be-
yond any provision that can be made by mortal
ma .
Now, to expose the absurdity of the pretension
thatthere is a right to secede, let me press this
argument a little further. The Constitution has
been formed; it has been made perfect, or, in other
words, means have been provided by which it
can be made perfect. It was intended to be per-
petual. In reference to the execution of the laws
under it, what do we find ? As early as 1795,
Congress passec^an excise law, taxing distilleries
throughout the country, and, what were called
the whisky boys of Pennsylvania, resisted the
law. The Government wanted means. It taxed
distilleries. The people of Pennsylvania resisted
it. What is the difference between a portion of
the people resisting a constitutional law, and all
of the people of a State doing so? But because
you can apply the term coercion in one ease to a
State, and in the other call it simply the execu-
tion of the law against individuals, you say there
is a great distinction! We do not assume the
power to coerce a State, but we assume that Con-
gress has power to lay and collect taxes, and Con-
gress lias the right to enforce that law when ob-
structions and impediments are opposed to its
enforcement. The people of Pennsyhauia did
object; they did resist and oppose the legal au-
thorities of the country. Was that law enforced ?
Was it called coercion at that day to enforce it?
Suppose all the -people of the State of Pennsyl-
vania had resisted: would not the law have ap-
plied with just the same force, and would it not
nave been just as constitutional to execute it
against all the people of the State, as it was to
execute it upon a part of their citizens?
George Washington, in his next annual mes-
sage to the Congress of the United States, referred
to the subject; and if my friend from California
will read two or three paragraphs for me, he will
do me a favor, for I cannot see by this light. It
will be seen from the reading of these paragraphs
what George Washington considered to be his
duty in the execution of the laws of the United
States upon the citizens of the States.
Mr. LATHAM read, as follows:
"Thus the painful alternative could not be discarded. I
ordered the militia to maich, after once mote admonishing
the insurgents, in my proclamation of the 20th of Septem-
ber last.
"It was a task too difficult, to ascertain with precision
the lowest degree of force competent to tlie quelling of the
insurrection. From a lespeet, indeed, to economy, and the
ease of my fellow-citizens belonging to the nuhtia, it would
have gratified me to accomplish such an estimate. My very
reluctance to ascribe too much importance to the opposi-
tion, had its extent been accurately seen, would have been
a decided inducement to the smallest efficient numbeis.
In this uncertainty, therefore, 1 puun motion fifteen thou-
sand men, as being an army which, according to all human
calculation, would be prompt and adequate m every view,
and might, perhaps, by rendering resistance desperate, pie-
vent the effusion of blood- Quotas had been assigned to
the States of New Jersey, Pennsylvania, Man land, and
Virginia; the Governor of Pennsylvania having declared,
on this occasion, an opinion which justified a requisition
to the other States.
*' As commander-in-chief of the militia, when called into
the actual service of the United States, I have visited the
places of goneial rendezvous, to obratn more exact inform-
ation, and todueet apian forultei.or movyni"nts Had
there b'jen room for persuasion that Ihe laws wete secure
from ob^j; action; that the civil hi innate was able to bnng
to _'ii- 5 K e s ueii or tile mo-t culpable as navo not "uibrueed
the p-offered term> or amnesty, and may w deemed fit ob-
ject- ot'"v;:,iip>e; that the friend.- to peace and soocl gov-
erm.ieii' were nor in need <<1 that aid amleounten.mec which
they ou^htaluaj • to receive, and ! ever will rcceive,
a?.u.i>t t'le vurni- and tuibui-i'it; 1 should have caught
will) r.vH'iv tiu* opportunity of :e-toruig the militia to then
fain lie- and iio.nes. But succeeding intelligence has tended
'to manifest the necessity of what has been done; it being
now confessed by those who were not inclined to exagger-
ate the ill conduct of the insurgents, that their malevolence
was not pointed merely to a particular law, but that a spirit
inimical to all order lias actuated many of the offenders.
If the state of things had afforded reason for the continu-
ance of my presence with the Army, it would not have
been withholden. But every appearance assuritigsueh an
issue as will redound to the reputation and strength of the
United States, I have judged it most proper to resume my
duties at the seat of Government, leaving the chief com-
mand with the Governorof Virginia." * * * *
" While there is cause to lament that occurrences of this
nature should have disgraced the name or interrupted'the
tranquillity of any part of our community, or should have
diverted to a new application any portion of the public re-
sources, there are not wanting real and substantial consola-
tions for the m isfortune. It has demonstrated that our pros-
perity rests on solid foundations, by furnishing an additional
proof thatmy fellow-citizens understand the tiue principles
of Government and liberty; that they feel their inseparable
union; that, notwithstanding all the devices which have
been u>ed to sway them from their interest and duty, they
are now as ready to maintain the authority of the- laws
against licentious invasions as they were to defend their
lights against usurpation. It has been a spectacle, display-
ing to the highest advantage the value qt republican Gov-
ernment, to behold the most and the least wealthy of our
citizens standing in the same ranks as private soldieis, pre-
eminently distinguished by being the army of the Consti-
tution, undcteried by a maich of three hundred miles over
rugged mountains, by the appioachofan inclement season,
or by any other discouragement. Nor ought I to omit to ac-
knowledge the efficacious and patriotic coopeiation which
I have experienced from the Chief Magistrates of the States
to which my requisitions have been addiessed."—Ameri-
can State Paper*—Miscellaneous, vol. 1., p. 85.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. We see that
in that instance President Washington thought
there was power in this Government to execute
Hs laws. We see, too, that George Washington
considered the militia the army of the Constitu-
tion. We sue, too, t]iat George Washington re-
fers to this Unionas being inseparable. This isthe
way that the laws were executed by the Father
of his Country, the man who sat as president of
the convention that made the Constitution. Here
was resistance interposed—opposition to the cxe-
cutionof the laws; and George Washington, then
President of the United States, went in person at
the head of the militia; and it showed his saga-
city, his correct comprehension of men, and the
effect that an immediate movement of that kind
would have upon them. He ordered fifteen thou-
sand of his cou.itrymcn to the scene of action,
and went there in person,and stayed theie till he
was satisfied that the insubordination was quelled.
That is the ipanner in which George Washing-
ton put down rebellion. That is the manner in
which he executed the laws.
Here, then, we find General Washington exe-
cuting the law, in 1795, against a portion of the
citizens of Pennsylvania who rebelled; and, I re-
peat the question, where is the difference between
executing the law upon a part and upon the
whole? Suppose the whole of Pennsylvania had
rebelled and resisted the cxcise law; had refused
to pay taxes on distilleries: was it not as compe-
tent and as constitutional for General Washing-
ton to have executed the law against the whole
as against a part? Is there any difference? Gov-
ernmental affairs must be practical as well as our
own domestic affairs. You may make nice meta-
physical distinctions between the practical oper-
ations of Government and its theory; you may
refine upon what is a State, and pointouta differ-
ence between a State and a portion of a State: but
what is it when you reduce it to practical opera-
tion, and square it by common sense ?
In 1832, resistance was interposed to laws of
the United States in another State. An ordinance
was passed by South Carolina, assuming to act as
a sovereign State, to nullify a law of the United
States, In 1833, the distinguished man who filled
the executive chair, who now lies in his silent
grave, loved and respected for his virtue, his honor,
his integrity, his patriotism, his undoubted cour-
age, and his devotion to his kind, with an eye
single to the promotion of his country's best in-
terests, issued the proclamation extracts from
which I have already presented. Ho was sworn
to support the Constitution, and to see that the
laws were faithfully executed: and he fulfilled
the obligation. He took all the steps necessary
to secure the execution of the law, and lie would
have executed it by the power of the Government
if the point of time had arrived when it was ne-
cessary to resort to power. We can see that he
acted upon cfnnlur prinuoies to those acted upon
by General Washington. He took the piecau-
tion of ordering a force there sufficient for the pur-
pose of enabling him to say effectually to the rebel-
lious, and those who were interposing opposition
to the execution of the laws: "The laws which
we made according to the Constitution, the laws
that provide for the collection of the revenue to
sustain this Government, must be enforced, awl
the revenue must be collected. It is a part of
the compact*, it is a part of the engagement you
have undertaken to perform, and you of your
own will have 110 power or authority to set it
aside." The duties were collected; the law was
enforced; and the Government went on. In his
proclamation, he made a powerful appeal. He
told them what would be done; and it would have
been done, as certain as God rules on high, if the
time had arrived which made it "necessary.
Then we see where General Washington stood,
and where General Jackson stood. Wow, how
does the present case stand ? The time has come
when men should speak out. Duties are mine;
consequences arc God's. I intend to discharge
my duty, and I intend to avow my understanding
of the Constitution and the laws of the country.
Have we no authority or power to execute the
laws in the State of South Carolina as well as in
Vermont and Pennsylvania? I think we have.
As 1 before suid, although a State may, by an
ordinance, or by a resolve, or by an act of any
other kind,declare thatthey absolve their citizens
from all allegiance to this Government, it does
not release them from the compact. The com-
pact is reciprocal; and they, in coming into it,
undertook to perform certain duties and abide by
the laws made in conformity with the compact.
Now,sir, what isthe Government to do in South
Carolina? If South Carolina undertake to drive
the Federal courts out of that State, yet the Fed-
eral Government has the right to hold those
courts there. She may attempt to exclude the
mails, yet the Federal Government has the right
to establish post offices and post roads and to
carry the mails there. Slic may resist the collec-
tion of revenue at Charleston, or any other point
that the Government has provided for its collec-
tion; but the Government has the right to collect
it and to enforce the law. She may undertake
to take possession of the property belonging to
the Government which was oiiginally ceded by
the State, but the Federal Go\ernment has the
right to provide the means for retaining posses-
sion of that property. If she makes an advance
either to dispossess the Government of that which
it has purchased, or to resist the execution of the
revenue laws, or of our judicial system, or the
carrying of the mails, or the exercise of any other
power conferred on the Federal Government, she
puts herself in the wrong, and it will be the duty
of the Government to see that the laws are faith-
fully executed. By reference to the records, it
will be seen that, on
" December 19,1805. South Carolina granted all the right,
title, and claim of the State to all the lands reserved for
Fort Moultne, on Sullivan's Island, not exceeding five
acres, with all the forts, fortifications, thereon ; canal,
&,c.; the high lands, and part of the marsh, belonging to
Fort Johnson, not exceeding twenty {teres; the laud on
which Foil Pinckney is built", and thieeacres around it; a
portion of the sandbank on the southeasternmost pomt of
Cha*Ie<ton, not exceeding two acres ; not exceeding four
acres for a battery, or foit, See., on Blythe^s Point, at the
mouth of Sampit river; Mustard Inland, in Beanioit river,
opposite Parru-'s inland ; not exceeding seven a^ie.- of land
on St. Helena Island, for a puncipal foit; the whole on
condition that the United States should, within thice years,
repair forts, &c.; the United States to compem-ate' indi-
viduals for pioperty; the lands, &c., to be free from taxes
to the State."
Here is a clear deed of cession. The Federal
Government has complied with all the conditions,
and has, in its own right, the land on which these
forts are constructed. The conditions of the ces-
sion have been complied with; and the Govern-
ment has had possession from that period to the
present time. There are its forts; there is its
arsenal; there are its dock-yauls; there is the
property of the Government; and now, under the
Constitution, and under tho laws made m pursu-
ance thereof, has South Carolina the authority
and the right to expel the Fedeial Government
from its own property that has been given to it
by her own act, and of which it is now :n pos-
session > By resisting the execution of th<- Lws;
by attempting to dispossess tho Federal Govern-
ment, does she not put herself in the wong?
Does she not violate the laws of the Urn ted S.,u-'s ?
Dues she not violate the Constitution : Doe^ she
not put her&cJf, within the meaning and puiview
of the Constitution, in the attitude of levying war
