1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
against the United States? The Constitution de-
fines and declares what is treason. Let us talk
about things by their right names. I know that
some hotspur or madcap may declare that these
are not limes for a government of law; that we
are in a revolution. I know that Patrick Henry
once said, " if this be treason, make the most of
it." If anything can be treason in the scope and
purview of the Constitution, is not levying war
upon the United States treason? Is not an at-
tempt to take its property treason ? Is not an
attempt to expel its soldiers treason.? Is not an
attempt to resist the collection of the revenue, or
to expel your mails, or to drive your courts from
her borders, treason? Are not these powers clearly
conferred in the Constitution on the Federal Gov-
ernment to be exercised ? What is it, then, 1 ask
in the name of the Constitution, in the meaning
of the term as there defined? It is treason, and
nothing but treason; and if one State, upon its
own volition, can go out of this Confederacy with-
out regard to the effect it is to have upon the
remaining parties to the compact, what is your
Government worth? what will it come to? and in
what will it end? It is no Government at all
upon such a construction.
But it is declared and assumed that, if a State
secedes, she is no longer a member of the Union,
and that, therefore, the laws and the Constitution
of the United States are no longer operative within
her limits, and she is not guilty if she violates
them. This is a matter of opinion. 1 have tried to
show, from the origin of the Government down to
the present time, what this doctrine of secession is,
and there is but one concurring and unerring con-
clusion reached by all the groat and distinguished
men of the country. Madison, who is called the
Father of the Constitution, denies the doctrine.
Washington, who was the Father of his Country,
denies the doctrine. Jefferson, Jackson, Clay,
and Webster, all deny the doctrine; and yet all
at once it is discovered and ascertained that a
State, of its-own volition, can go out of this Con-
federacy, without regard to consequences, without
regard to the injury and woe that may be inflicted
on the remaining members from the act!
Suppose this doctrine to be true, Mr. President,
that a State can withdraw from this Confederacy;
and suppose South Carolina has acceded, and is
now out of the Confederacy: in what an attitude
does she place herself? There might bo circum-
stances under which the States ratifying the com-
pact might tolerate the secession of a State, she
taking the consequences of the act. But there
might be other circumstances under which the
States could not allow one to secede. Why do I
say so? Some suppose—and it is a well-founded
supposition—that by the secession of a State all
the remaining States might be involved in disas-
trous consequences; tlu-y might be involved in
war; and by the secession of one State, the ex-
istence of the rom.uningSfatPS might he involved.
Then, without regard to the Constitution, dare the
other States permit one to secede when it endan-
gers and involves all the remaining States? The
question arises in this connection, whether the
States are in a condition to tolerate or will toler-
ate the secession of South Carolina. That is a
matter to be determined by the circumstances;
thatisamatterto be determined by the emergency;
that is a matter to be determined when it comes
up. It is a question which must be left open to
be determined by the surrounding circumstances,
when the occasion arises.
But conceding, for argument's sake, the doc-
trine of secession, and admitting that the State
of South Carolina is now upon your coast, a for-
eign Power, absolved from all connection with
the Federal Government, out of the Union: what
then? There was a doctrine inculcated in 1823,
by Mr. Monroe, that this Government, keeping
in view the safety of the people and the existence
of our institutions, would permit no European
Power to plant any more colonies on this conti-
nent. Now, suppose that South Carolina is out-
side of the Confederacy, and this Government is
in possession of the fact that she is forming an
rlliance with a foreign Power—with France, with
England, with Russia, with Austria, or with all
of the principal Powers of Europe; that there is
to be a great naval station established^ thore; an
immenfo rendezvous for their army, with a view
to ulterior objects, with a view of making ad-
vances upon the rest of these States: let me ask the
Senate, let me ask the country, if they dare per-
mit it? Under and in compliance with the great
law of self-preservation, we dare not let her do if,
and if she were a sovereign Power to-day, out-
side of the Confederacy, and was forming an alli-
ance that we deemed inimical to our institutions,
and the existence of our Government, we should
have aright to conquer and hold her as a province
—a term which is so much used with scorn.
Mr. President, I have referred to the manner in
which this Government was formed. I have re-
ferred to the provision of the Constitution which
provides for the admission of new States. Now,
let me ask, can any one believe that, in the crea-
tion of this Government, its founders intended
that it should have the power to acquire territory
and form it into States, and then permit them to
go out of the Union? Let us take a case. How
long has it been since your armies were in Mex-
ico ? How long has it been since your brave men
were exposed to the diseases, the privations, the
sufferings, which are incident to a campaign of
that kind ? How long has it been since they were
bearing your eagles in a foreign land, many of
them falling at the pointof the bayonet, consigned
to their long, narrow home, with no winding-sheet
but their blankets saturated with their blood?
How many victories did they win? how many
laurels did they acquire? how many trophies did
they bring back? The country is full of them.
What did it cost you ? One hundred and twenty
million dollars. What did you pay for the coun-
try you acquired, besides? Fifteen million dol-
lars. Peace was made; territory was acquired;
and, in a few years, from that territory California
erected herself into a free and independent State,
and, under the provisions of the Constitution, we
admitted her as a member of this Confederacy.
After having expended $120,000,000 in the war;
after having lost many of our bravest and most
gallant men; after having paid 5,000,000 to Mex-
ico for the territory, and admitted it into the Union
as a State, now that the people of California have
got into the Confederacy and can stand alone,
according to this modern doctrine, your Govern-
ment was just made to let them in, and then to let
them step out. Is not the conclusion illogical ?
Is it not absurd to say that, now that California
is in, she, on her own volition—without regard to
the consideration paid for her; without regard to
the policy which dictated her acquisition by the
United Slates—can walkout and bid you defiance?
Is it not an absurdity, if you take the reason and
object of Government?
Hut we need not stop here; let us go to Texas.
Texas was engaged in arcvolution with Mexico.
She succeeded in the assertion and establishment
of her independence; and she became a sovereign
and independent Power outside of this Union.
She applied for admission, and she was admitted
into this family of States. After she was in, she
was oppressed by the debts of her war which
resulted in her separation from Mexico; she was
harassed by the Indians upon her border; and in
1850, by way of relief to Texas, what did we do?
There was an extent of territory that lies north,
if my memory serves me. right, embracing what
is now called the Territory of New Mexico.
Texas had it not in her power to protect the citi-
zens that were there. It was a dead limb, para-
lyzed, lifeless. The Federal Government came
along as a kind physician, saying, " We will take
this dead limb from your body, and vitalize it,
by giving protection to the people, and incorpo-
rating it into a territorial government: and in ad-
dition to that, we will give you $10,000,000, and
you may retain your own public lands;" and the
other States were taxed in common to pay the
$10,000,000. Now, after all this is done,Texas,
forsooth, upon her own volition, is to say, "I
will walk out of this Union!" Were there no
other parties to that compact? We are told the
compact is reciprocal. Did we take in California,
did we take in Texas, just to benefit them ? No;
but to add to this great family of States; and it is
apparent, from the fact of their coming in, that
the compact is reciprocal; and having entered into
the compact, they have no right to withdraw
without the consent of the remaining States.
Again: take the case of Louisiana. What did
wo pay for her in 1803, and for what was she
wanted." Just to get Louisiana into the Confed-
eracy ? Just for the benefit of that particular j
locality? Was not the mighty West looked to? I
Was it not to secure the free navigation of the
Mississippi river, the mouth of which was the#
in possession of France, shortly before of Spain*'
passing about between those two lowers? Yis,
the navigation of that river was wanted, pimply
for Louisiana? No,-but for all the States, the
United States paid &15,000,000,and France passed
the country to the United States. It remained jn
a territorial condition for a while, sustained and
protected by the strong arm of the Federal Govt
erment. We acquired t-he territory and the navi-
gation of the river; and the money was paid for
the benefit of all the States, arid not of Louisiana
exclusively. And now that this great valley is
filled up; now that the navigation of the Missis-
sippi is one hundred times more important than it
was then; now,after the United States have paid
the money, have acquired the title to Louisiana,
and have incorporated her into the Confederacy,
it is proposed that she shall go out of the Union !
In 1815, when her shores were invaded; when
her city was about to be sacked; when her booty
and her beauty were about to fall a prey to British
aggression, the brave men of Tennessee, and of
Kentucky, and of the surrounding States, rushed
into her borders and upon her shores, and under
the lead of their own gallant Jackson, drove the
invading forces away. And now, after all this;
after the money has been paid; after the. free nav-
igation of the river has been.obtained—not for the
benefit of Louisiana nlone, but for her m common
with all the States—Louisiana says to the other
States, " We will go out of this Confederacy ; we
do not care if you did fight our battles; we do
not care if you did acquire the free navigation of
this river from France; we will go out if we think
proper, and constitute ourselves an independent
Power, and bid defiance to the other States." It
is an absurdity; it is a contradiction; it is illogi-
cal; it is not deducible from tjie structure of the 1
Government itself. . ,
Mr. SL1DELL. Will the Senator permit me
to make a single remark?
Mr. JOHNSON, of. Tennessee. The Senator
knows how I was interrupted -yesterday.
Mr. SL1DELL. I merely, wish to say to the
Senator that 1 donotknowacitizenof any south-
western State bordering on the Mississippi who
does not acknowledge the propriety and necessity
of extending to every citizen of the country whose
streams flow into the Mississippi the free navi-
gation of the river and the free interchange of all
of the agricultural products of the valley of the
Mississippi. Such a course is dictated not only^
by every consideration of justice, but by the rec-
ognized and well-understood interests of the south-
western States. On this point, I can speak with
entire confidence of the sentiment of Louisiana.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. That may all
be very true; and I do not suppose that, at this
moment, there is a citizen in the State of Louisi-
ana who would think of obstructing the free nav- '
igation of the river; but are notnations controlled •
by their interests in varying circumstances? It 5
strikes mgso; and hereafter, when a conflict of
interest arises; when difficulty may spring up
between two separate Powers, Louisiana, having
the control of the mouth of the river, might feel
disposed to tax our citizens going down there.
It is a power that I am not willing to concede to
be exorcised at the discretion of any authority
outside of this Government. The Senator's as-
surance does not amount to anything. It depends
entirely on the interest and condition of the sur-
rounding country as to what power Louisiana
would want to exercise in reference to that river.
So sensitive havo been the people of my Slate
upon the free navigation of that river, that as far
back as 1796, now sixty-four years ago* in their
bill of rights, before they passed under the juris-
diction of the United States, they declared:
"That an equal participation of the free navigation of
the Mississippi is one of the inherent right5! of the citizens
of this Stale: it cannot, therefoie, he conceded to any
prince, potentate, Power, person, of persons whatever."
This shows the estimate that the people fixed
on this stream sixty-four years ago; and now we
arc told, if Louisiana does go out, it is not her
intention at this time to tax the people above.
Who can toll what may be the intention of Lou-
isiana hereafter? Are we willing k> place the
rights of our citizens, are we willing to place the
travel and commerce of our citizens, at the dis-
cretiouof any Power outssie of this Government?
