1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
loetr
sense of honor. In a few instances, they liave engaged in
the military service of then States; but not until they had
resigned their commissions in the Navy ol'the United States.
In no instance does it appear that one of them has beuayed
the ttust reposed in him by thisGoveinmeut,or engaged in
any hostile seivme until he had discharged himself ot ail tlio
responsibilities imposed by his commission. The testimony
taken before the committee, paitial and limited as it is on
this point, is confidently appealed to for the correctness of
thip. statement.
The undersigned would gladly pursue this subject, giate-
tul as it is to lum to vindicate/against the veiy iiaish as-
persions cast upon them by the committee, the chaiacters
ot the honorable body of men who have so long and so gal-
lantly borne the flag of the Republic. But it is foreign to the
iuquny the committee were insttuctcd to make, and will
tor that reason be di«mi«ptl, except in so tar as it is the
basis of the resolution leported. The censure of the Secre-
taiy seems to be based principally, if not entirely, on his ac-
ceptance of the resignations of Captain Randolph and the
two lieutenants on duty at the Pensacola navy-yaid at the
time ot its surrender.
Captain Randolph's resignation was dated at Montgom-
ery, Alabama, on the 10th of January, was leceived at the
Depaitment on the 14th, and accepted on the 14th. The
I'ensacola navy-yard was surrendered on the 12th, and Cap-
tain Aimstrong immediately sent the following telegraphic
dispatch, which was received by the Secretaiy of the Navy
on the 13th, at eight o'clock, p. m:
Hon. Isaac Toucey, Secretary of the Navy:
Commissioneis appointed by the. Governor of Florida,
with a legunent of armed men at the gate, demanded the
surrendei ot thi< navy-yaid, having pieviously taken pos-
session of the magazines. I surrendeied the place, and
struck my flag at half past one o'clock this day. The stoi e-
ship Supply sailed for Vera Cruz the moment the vatd flag
was lowered. JAMES ARMSTRONG,
Captain XJ. S. Navy. late commandant navy-yard.
The testimony shows that this wus the only information
received b\r the Depaitment pievious to the <24th.
It is evident, from this statement of facts and dates, that, at
the time Captain Randolph's resignation was accepted, and
for at lcd-t ten daya thereafter, the Department was totally
ignoiantof his participation in the Pensacola expedition.
Even if we were at liberty to infer that the Secretary had
seen his name connected with the expedition in the news-
paper earlier than the 24th, we cannot «nppo.ve that it had
been seen before the 14th, thediyon which the le&ignation
was accepted, lor it would be impossible lor even flying
newspaper leports to reach this city fiom Pensacola in so
shoit a time. Lieutenant Fan and, who was fust lieuten-
ant and executive officer of the navy-yaid, resigned on the
13th January, and his resignation was*aceepted~on the 21st.
Lieutenant Rein-haw resigned on the 16th, and it was ac-
cepted on the 22d.
The testimony discloses nothing on which the Secretaiy
could have refused to accept the%e lesignations, it all the
testimony takfn before the committee had been in Ills, pos-
session at the tunehe acted. But by a comparison of dates
it will be seen that they were recci'ved, and m due couine
of business acted on, befoie he had any intelligence fiom
Pensacola, except the telegraphic dispatch alieady set ioith.
The undersigned would hold tlie Secretary who should
accept the resignation of an oilieer who befoie resigning
had been guilty of any conduct unbecoming an officer,
amenable to the Severest censure. An acceptance of a re-
signation is an honoiabie discharge Irom service, which
should only be given to him who has acquitted hmif-.elf with
fidelity and honor, but one who has thus acquitted himself
is entitled to be discharged without question as to what he
intends to do thereatter.
The base man would hold his commission and seek an
opportunity to beuay Jus Government, so that theliaits of
Ins treason might purchase ioi him lavoi and toward. Such
was the conduct ot Arnold.
The pure man, who, compelled to select between two
claims to his allegiance, chooses that which piomises 1< ast
personal advantage, scrupulously discharges all existing
obligations, then voluntauly and openly renounce-- a cher-
ished commission, lioin a sense ot duty to ins native State,
gives the highest pioof of devotion to piincipte, and obe-
dience to the dictates of honor. Such men cannot be ic-
gmded as traitors; and to call them so is to airaignmanly
virtue in the name of patriotism.
It has been the proud boast ot the American Navy that it
has never contained a traitor in its ranks. Will it he etcrl-
ited that it has suddenly become a hot-bed fiom which ha>
sptung such a bountiful ciop ot traitois ? Such a nippusi-
tion would di-crcdit the whole body of its ofhc< r.-<; (oi it
oouid only consist with the existence of some poisonous
and tuutoious influence peivadmg all its i auks and coimpt-
ing all its membeis.
Th<> chief clerk of the Navy Department testified that
theie has been nothing unusual in the course locently pur-
sued in regaid to t cognations ; and that the unnoim eoiir.- e.
fiom tunc immemorial, lias bu-n to act piompily on resig-
nations, unless ?ome spect.il ira-on existed foi taking a case
out ot the routine of cmient business. The onh'rly con-
duct ol business necessitates piomptactionon each ea^e in
its turn; and in ari ill-ouramxed Depaitment, or in one in
which the force is insufficient, affairs will soon fall into
inextricable confusion. No consideiation of convenience,
nor the maintenance of any mere system uf business, should
be allowed to interfere with the substantial demands ot jus-
tice and public interest. Rutin the absence ot any reason
for deviating from the usual couise, (and the undesigned
.'-ays confidently that m the present case no such reason |
existed,) the head of an Executive Depaitment is not een- I
surable for lequirmg all its business to be regulailyand j
piomptly dispatched.
The uiideisigiiJ'd can find m the testimony nothing to
don act liom the h;<rh imputation always home by the pies-
ent Seeret<irv lor integrity and patnottsm; and thuekw
emmet concur with the committee in recommending the
passage ot a resolution of censuin.
L. O'B. BRANCH.
Mr. BRANCH. I would also ask the consent
of the House that the majority and minority re-
ports heretofore made in two cases from the same
committee may be considered by unanimous con-
sent as having been read, and may be printed in
the Globe.
The SPEAKER. The Chair hears no objec-
tion.
TERRITORIAL BUSINESS.
Mr. GROW. I desire to ask the House to set
apart Saturday next for the consideration of the
regular territorial business. That business ought
to be attended to; and I ask the House to give us
Saturday next.
Mr. BARR. I object.
Mr. THEAKER. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to discharge the Committee of
the "Whole House from the further consideration
of House biU No. 274, and to put it upon its
passage.
Mr. BURNETT. Mr. Speaker, I certainly do
not like to be jumping up every two minutes and
calling on you for the regular order of business;
but I do insist that the regular order of business
be called and proceeded with.
REMONSTRANCE.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I desire to pre-
sent the remonstrance of eighty-two persons in
the county of Knox, State of Illinois, remonstrat-
ing against the amendment of the Constitution,
and particularly against the proposition that 1
offered in the House the other day.
The remonstrance was laid upon the table.
THE MILITIA.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is the consideration of the bill reported by
the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Stanton,] from
the Committee on Military Affairs, iri regard to
the militia, upon which the gentleman from Vir-
ginia [Mr. Bocock] is entitled to the floor for
fifteen minutes.
Mr. SIMMS. Before the gentleman from Vir-
ginia commences his specch, I desire to propose
to the House that, after the speech of the gentle-
man from Virginia, the debate upon this bill shall
be confined to fifteen-minutes speeches,
Mr. CURTIS. I object to that.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. If the gentleman
from Kentucky will propose half an hour, per-
haps the House will agree to that.
Mr. STANTON. I propose, when the gen-
tleman from Virginia lias concluded his remarks,
if I can get the floor, to move to postpone the fur-
ther-consideration of this bill till Monday, and
make it the special order for thut day. We can
do what we think best m regard to the gentle-
man's proposition when that time comes.
Mr. SIMMS. Let us make the arrangement
now.
Mr. STANTON. No; I cannot agree to make
it now.
Mr. BOCOCK concluded his speech com-
menced yesterday. [His specch will be published
in the Appendix.]
RIGHTS OF DELEGATES.
Mr. GILMER. I desire to say that the Com-
mittee of Elections have now so much before them
in connection with the rights of Delegates upon
this floor, that it is necessary that we shall have
leave to sit during the sessions of the House. I
submit the following resolution:
Recolvcih That the Committee of Elections have leave
to noid meetings during the sessions of the House.
The resolution was received, and agreed to.
MESSAGE i'ROM TIIE SENATE.
A message was icccivcd from the Senate, by
Apbury Dickins, their Secretary, notifying the
House that the Senate had passed acts of the fol-
lowing titles; in which he was directed to ask the
concurrence ot the House:
A bill (No. 561) for the relief of Daniel B.
Hibbard;
A bill (No. 490) for the relief of Eliza B. Mills,
widow of Robert Mills; and
A bill (No. 568) for the telief of Leslie Combs
and Robert II. Cuttenden, sureties of the late A.
J. Mitchell, purser in the United States Navy.
Also, that the Senate have been notified by the
President of the United States that he has ap-
proved and signed bills of the following titles:
An act (S, No. 134) for the relief of James
Smith;
An act (S. No. 225) for the relief of Annie B.
Reeves;
An act (S. No. 227) for the relief of Laura C
Humber, widow of Charles H. Humber; and
An act (S. No. 543) to carry into effect con-
ventions between the United States and the Re-
publics of New Granada and Costa Rica. - •
Also, that the Senate have passed the bill (H,
R. No. 338) to provide for the payment of.-out-
standing Treasury notes, to authorize a loan, to
regulate and fix the duties on imports, and far
other purposes, with amendments; m which he
was directed to ask the concurrence of the House.
THE TARIFF.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask the permission of the
House to have the tariff bill printed; with the
amendments of the Senate.
Mr. GARNETT. I have no objection to its
being printed, but I object to its being referred to
any committee.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not ask that it shall be
referred. I merely desire to have it printed; but
I give notice, for the matter may as well be un-
derstood, that on Saturday next I shall move to
take the bill from the Speaker's table, and dispose
of the Senate amendments.
The bill was ordered to be printed.
Mr. FLORENCE. As great inteiest is felt in
this bill, I will move that one thousand extra
copies be printed.
The motion was referred to the Committee on
Printing.
THE MILITIA—AGAIN.
Mr. HOWARD, of Michigan. Mr. Speaker,
I am accustomed to listen to the gentleman from
Virginia, who has just taken his seat, with'atten-
tion, with respect, and with interest. His great
experience m matters of legislation; his reputation
for candor and fairness, and the ability with which
lie usually discusses questions, commands the
attention of all. But, sir, I confess that I have
listened to his speech of yesterday and to-day
with more surpiise than anything I ever heard
fall from his lips before, A question which seems
to involve the very existence of the Government,
is to be thrown off by mere clap-trap phrases, and
appeals to the passions of the people. Why, sir,
in the very body of his speech he has quoted some
of the Army regulations, by which soldiers in the
regular service are required to conduct themselves
witli proper respect toward their supenots. And
this is paraded before the House at this time for
the purpose of producing excitement at the South,
and lead them to believe that they will be requited
to submit to extraordinary homage to the Presi-
dent elect. These appeals are to be sent into
Virginia with the view of influencing their con-
vention to drag Virginia out of the Union, and to
break up the Confederacy.
This bill proposes no new regulations for the
Army. Jt very properly adopts those whuhthe
experience of half a century has sanctioned. This
measure is denounced at the very outset as a war
measure. lie denounced it as unconstitutional.
He denounced it in the name of humanity. Sir,
what does he expect we will do? Again and again
he appeals to us to let the seceding States go.
Let them go 1 Why not let them go i They came
into the Union seeking to promote their happi-
ness, and now they are persuaded that they can-
not getn. Why not let them go? Again and
again, he reiterates, why not lot them ^o? Why
does he not ask us in direct terms to violate the
oaths we have taken when we came in here ? Why
blink the question? Every officer of the Govern-
ment, every executive officer, every judicial of-
■"ficer, every legislator, takes an oath to support
the Constitution—that is, to conserve the Gov-
ernment. We have no power to break it down.
Why appeal to us to let them go? We have no
power to let anybody go. Our sole duty is to
support the Constitution, conserve the Govern-
ment.
There is, Mr. Speaker, a power which can let
them go peaceably; but that is the very power
that framed the Constitution. But mere agents
of the Government, charged with constitutional
duties and sworn to support it, can excrcisc no
such power. If, looking the ground all over, the
American people shall come to the conclusion that
this Government can no longer promote the hap-
piness of the people; if they shall assemble in na-
tional contention, called in accordance with the
