138
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 19,
I will hot; I do notcarc whether the other Powers
be in Louisiana or the moon.
But, then, as we go on, let us follow the circle,
and see where this doctrine will carry us. How
long: has it been since Florida lay out on our coast
anannoyancc to us? And now she has got entirely
feverish aboutbeing an independent and separate
Government, while she has not as'many qualified
voters as there are in one congressional district.
What condition did Florida occupy in 1811? She
stood in the possession of Spain. What did the
United States thin^ about having adjacent terri-
tory outside of their jurisdiction? Let us turn
to the authorities, and see what proposition they
were willing to act upon. I find, in the statutes
of the United States, this joint resolution:
"Takinginto view the peculiar situation of Spain, and
of her American provinces, and considering the influence
which the destiny of the territory adjoining the southern
border of the United States may have upon their security,
tranquillity, and commerce: Therefore,
''Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives of
the United State? of America in Congress assembled, That
the United States, under the peculiar circumstances of the
existing crisis, cannot, without serious inquietude, see any
pait of the said territory pass into the hands of any foreign
J'owcr; and that a due regard to thcirown safety compels
them to provide, under certain contingencies, foi the tem-
porary occupation of the said territory. They, at the same
time, declare that the said teiritory shall, in their hands,
remain subject to future negotiation.5'
What principle is s§t forth there ? Florida was
in the possession of Spain. English spies were
harbored in her territory. Spain was inimical to
the United States; and in view of the great prin-
ciple of self-preservation, the Congress of the
United States passed a resolution declaring that
if Spain attempted to transfer Florida into the
hands of any other Power, the United States
would take possession of it. Yet Congress were
gracious ana condescending enough to say that it
should remain open to future negotiation. That
is to say," Hereafter, if we can make a negotiation
that will suit us, we will make it; if we do not,
we will keep the territory;" that is all. There
was the territory lying upon our border, outside
of the jurisdiction of the United States; and we
declared, by an act of Congress, that no foreign
Power should possess it.
We wen tstill further and appropriated $100,000,
and authorized the President to enter and take
possession of it with the means placed in his
hands. Afterwards, we did negotiate with Spain,
and gave $6,000,000 for the Territory; and we
established a territorial government for it. What
•next? We undertook to drive out the Seminole
Indians,and we had a war in which this Govern-
ment lost moie than it lost in all the other wars
it was engaged in; and we paid the sum of
$25,000,000 to get the Seminoles out of the
swamps, so that the Territory could he inhabited
by white men. Wc paid for it, we took posses-
sion of it; and 1 remember, when I was in the
other House, and Florida was knocking at the
% door for admission, how extremely anxious her
* then able Delegate was to be admitted. He now
sits before me, [Mr. Yulek.] 1 remember how
important he thought it was then to eome under
the protecting wing of the United States as one
of the stars of our Confederacy. But now the
Territory is paid for, England is driven out,
$25,000,000 have been expended; and they want
no longer the protection of this Government, but
will go out without consulting the other States,
withoutreference to the effect upon the remaining
parties to the compact. Where will she go? Will
she attach herself to Spam again ? Will she pass
back under the jurisdiction of the Seminoles?
After having been nurtured and protected and
fostered by all these States, now, without regard
to tliem,is she to be allowed, at her own volition,
to withdraw from the Union? I say she has no
constitutional right to do it; and when she doesit,
it is an aetof aggression. If she succeeds, it will
only be a-succcssful revolution. If she docs not
succeed, she must take the penalties and terrors
of the law.
But, sir, there is another question that suggests
itself in this connection. Kansas, during the last !
Congicss, applied for admission into this Union.
She assumed to be a State, and the difficulty in
the way was a provision in her constitution, and
the manner of its adoption. Wc did not let Kan-
sas in. We did not question her being a State;
but on account of the manner of forming her con-
stitution and it-i provisions, we kept Kansas out.
What is Kansas now? Is she a State, or is she
a Territory? Does she revert back to her terri-
torial condition of pupilage? Or, having been a
State, and having applied for admission and been
refused, is she standing out a State ? You hold her
as a territory; you hold her as a province. You
prescribe the mode of electing the members of her
Legislature, and pay them out of your own Treas-
ury. Yes, she is a province controlled by Fed-
eral authority, and her laws are made in conform-
ity with the acts of Congress. Is she not a Ter-
ritory? I think she is.
Suppose the State of California withdraws from
the Union. We admitted her. She was territory
acquired by the United States, by our blood and
our treasure. Now, suppose she withdraws from
the Confederacy: does she pass back into a terri-
torial condition, remain a dependency upon the
Federal Government, or docs she stand out as a
separate government? Let me take Louisiana,
for which we paid $15,000,000. That was a Ter-
ritory for a numberof years—yes, a province. It
is only another name for a province. It is a pos-
session held under the jurisdiction of the United
States. Wc admitted Louisiana into the Union
as a State. Suppose wc had refused to admit her:
would she not still have remained a Territory?
Would she not have remained under the protec-
tion of the United States? But now, if she has
the power to withdraw from the Union, does she
not pass back into the condition in which she was
before wc admitted her into the Union ? In what
condition does she place herself? When those
States which were at first Territories cease their
connection with this Government, do they pass
back into the territorial condition ? When Florida
is going out, when Louisiana is goins: out, and
these other States (hat were originally Territories
go out of the Union, in what condition do they
place themselves? Are they Territories or States?
Are they merely on probation to become membcis
of thw Confederacy, or are they States outside of
the Confederacy?
Mr. YULEE. Will the Senator allow me to
ask a single question in this connection ?
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I hope the
Senator will not interrupt me. I do not refuse
out of any discourtesy.
Mr. WIGFALL. Let him alone.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. Remarks of
that kind never affect me in tho slightest degree;
I never hear them. But, Mr. President, I have re-
ferred to the acts of Congress for acquiring Florida
as sotting forth a principle. Let me read another
of those acts:
" An art to enable the President of the United States, under
certain contingencies, to take possession of the country
lying east of the rivet Peidido, and south of the State of
Geoigia and the Mississippi Territory, and for other pur-
poses.
" He it cnactcd by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United States of Jliaci ica in Congress assembled. That
the President of the United States be, and ho is hereby,
authouzed to take possession of and occupy all or any pait
of the terutoiy lying east of the river I'miido, and south
of the State of Gootgia and the Mississippi Teultory. m
c.i^ian ariangement 1ms been or shall be made wiih the
local authorities of the said territoiy for the delivering
up the possession of the same or any part thereof to the
United States, or in the event of an attempt to occupy the
said teintoiy or any part theicof by any foreign Govern-
ment; and lie may, for the puipo^e of taking possession
and occupying the tcintoiv atlnrsaid, in ordei to maintain
therein the authority of the United £tatc*, employ any part
of the Aimy and Navy ot the United States which he may
deem necessary."
What is the principle avowed here ? That from
the geographical relations of this territory to the
United States, from its importance to the safety
and security of the institutions of the United States,
we authorized the President to expend $100,000
to get a foothold there, and especially to take pos-
session of it if it were likely to pass to any foreign
Power. Wc seethe doctrine and principle there
established and acted upon by our Government.
This principle was again avowed by distinguished
men at Ostend. A paper was drawn up theie by
Mr. Buchanan, Mr. Soule of Louisiana, and Mr.
Mason of Virginia, our ministers to the three
principal Courts in Europe. They met at Ostend
and drew up a paper in which they laid down
certain doctrines in strict conformity with the act
of Congress that I have just read. They say in
that paper, signed by James Buchanan, J. Y.
Mason, and Pierre Soule:
"Then, I. It must be clear to every reflecting mind,
that, fioni the peculiarity of its geographical position, and
the congelations attendant on it, Cuba is as neccssaivto
the North American Republic as any of its present mem-
bers, and that n belong*, naturally, to that srreat family of
States of which the Union is the providential nursery.
uFrom its locality it commands tiie mouth of the Mis-
sissippi, and the immense and annually increasing trade
which mu t seek this avenue to the ocean.
" On the numerous navigable stream--, measuring an ag-
gregate course of some Unity thousand miles, which dis-
embogue themselves through this magnificent river into the
Gulf ofMcxico, the increase of the population within the
l,i«t ten years amounts to more, than that of the entire Union
at the time Louisiana was annexed to it.
'•The natural and main outlet to the products of this
entire population, the highway of their dnect intercourse
with the Atlantic and Pacific States, can never be secure,
but must ever be endangered while Cuba is a d -"pendency
of a distant Powei in whos>e possession it has proved to be
a souice of constant annoyance and embarrassment to their
interests." ****** * *
"The system of immigration and labor lately organized
within it3 limit*, and the tyranny and oppression which
characterize its immediate rulers, threaten an insurrection
at any moment which may result in direful consequences
to the American people.
" Cuba has thus become to u«an unceasing danger, anda
permanent cause of anxiety and alaun." * *" *
" Self preservation is the first law of nature, with States
as well as with individuals. AH nations have, at different
periods, acted upon this ma vim. Although it has been
been made the pretext for committing flagrant injustice, as
in the partition of Poland, and other similar cases which
history records, yet the principle itself, though often abused,
has ahvavsbecnrccognizcd." * * * * "Our
pa<<t history foibids that we should acquire the Island of
Cuba without the consent of Spain, unless justified by the
great law of sell-preservation. We must, in any event,
pie&eive our own conscious rectitude, and our own sclf-
respect."
Mark you, we are never to acquire Cuba unless
it is necessary to our self-preservation:
" While periling this course we can afford to disregard
the censures of the \\ orld, to which we have been so often
and so unjustlv exposed.
k< After we shall have offered Spain a price for Cuba far
beyond its piesent value, and this shall have been refused,
it will then be time to consider the question does Cuba, in
the possession of Spam, seriously endanger our internal
peace and the existence of our cherished Union ?
"Should thi> question be answered in the affhmative,
then, bv every law, human and divine, we shall be justified
in wiesting it from Spain if we possess the power; and this
upon the vviysame pimciple that wouldjustifyan individ-
ual in tearins down the bu.ning house of his neighbor, if
theie weie no other means ol preventing the flames fioin
deploying lus own home."
Now, this is all pretty sound doctrine. I am
for all of it.
" Undei sueh circumstances we ought neither to count the
co«=t nor icjMid the odds which Spain might ersh-t ngain-t
u-\ Wo foibeni to erne; into the question, whether the
present condition of the v land would lustify such a meas-
iii e? We rhouid, oowever, he lecicant tooui dutx. bf un-
wmthy of oui uallant foiefnthcis,and commitl\v?e on
against our po. tcnty. should we peimit Cuba to he Afri-
canized and hceonie a second St. Domingo, with all its at-
tendant honors to the white mce, and suffer the flames to
extend tooui own neighboring shore, seuously to endanger
or actually to consume the fair fabric of our Union."'
Wc find in this document,signed by our thicc
ministers,and approved by the'American people,
the doctrine laid down clearly that if' the CJniird
States believed that. Cuba was to be transfer) ed
by Spain to England or to France, or to some
other Power inimical to the United Stales, the
safety of the American people, the safely of our
institutions, the existence of the Government,
being imperiled, we should have a right, without
regard to money or blood, to acquire it.
Where does this carry us ? We find that this
doctrine was not only laid down, but practiced,
in the case of Florid,i. Suppose Louisiana was
now out of the Confederacy, holding the key to
the Gulf, the outlet to the commerce of the great
West: under the doctrine laid down by these
ministers, and practiced by the Congress of the
United States, would not this Government have
the right, in obedience to the great principle of
self-preservation, and for the safety of our insti-
tutions, to seize it and pass it under the jurisdic-
tion of the United States, and hold it as a province
subject to the laws of the United States ? I say
it would. The same principle applied to Flor-
ida. The same principle would apply to South
Carolina. I regret that she occupies the position
that she has assumed, but I am arguing a prin-
ciple, and do not refer to her out of any disrespect.
If South Carolina were outside of the Confeder-
acy, an independent Power, having no connection
with the United States, and our institutions were
likely to be endangered, and the existence of the
Government imperiled by her remaining a sepa-
rate and independent Power, or by her forming
association sand alliances with some foreign Power
that would injure our free institutions, I say wc
should have a right, on the principle laid down
by Mr. Mason, Mr. Buchanan, and Mr. Soule,
