1098
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 21,
provisions of the Constitution, and shall consider
the whole subject, and come deliberately to the
conclusion that this Government ought not to
remain; if they, exercising this high, this supreme
power of the people, shall proceed to take down
the noble structure our fathers erected, fold up the
flag and lay it aside forever; if they shall do this,
then, when they have done it, we are released
from our obligations as legislators. We may then
consider the questions propounded by the gentle-
man from Virginia, [Mr. Bocock.]
Mr. SIMMS. Will the gentleman permit me
to ask him a question for information ?
Mr. HOWARD, of Michigan. My time is
limited. The morning hour, to which I am con-
fined, will soon expire. I dccline to yield, there-
fore, unless I misrepresent some statement.
Mr. SIMMS. My question will come right in
tine, line of the gentleman's argument.
Mr. HOWARD, of Michigan. I will take care
of my own argument; and I decline, so far as any
help of my argument is concerned.
Mr. SIMMS. The point I wish to make is this.
Mr. HOWARD, of Michigan. I decline to
yield, unless somebody is injured by my argu-
ment. [Cries of " Go on!"j That is what I
intend to do.
Mr. Speaker, when this Government shall be
taken to pieces in that way, when it shall be le-
gally dissolved, then we shall be released from our
o^iths. Then we may look at the case in a differ-
ent aspect. But so long as I stand here under the
the oath we took to support the Constitution, I
will make no appeals to any man to violate the
oath he takes; and I wish none made to me from
any quarter.
Mr. Speaker, this great question involves the
interest not only of our thirty-one million of peo-
ple, but of unborn millions. It involves the hopes
of the friends of free government throughout the
entire civilized world. Whether the American
people, while proceeding in their regular way,
will consent to let our brethren go, by taking down
this noble structure, remains to be seen. Grave
questions will present themselves before that can
be determined. No fact in the history ofany Gov-
ernment is so remarkable as this one in our own
history. For seventy successive years the ratio
of our increase has remained nearly stationary.
This ratio is as strong to-day upon the basis of
thirty million as it was when we commenced upon
a basis of four or five million. This ratio doubles
our population once in twenty-five years. For
nearly seventy years it has continued a fixed ratio.
If we could conceive that it should maintain itself
for twice seventy years more, then the year 2000
would find within our present limits one billion
people. As to what shall be the state of that peo-
ple; ns to what shall come upon them; as to what
shall bo their form ofgovernment; as to what shall
conserve their interests; nay, as to what shall
happen to the intervening generations, all these
questions must be taken into the account; and
possibly the American people may come to the
conclusion that civil war—which my very soul
abhors-—that civil war, with all its horrors, even
involving the destruction of one, two, three, four,
five, or even ten million people, may not be the
greatest of nil possible evils.
But this is a question which it docs not concern
me to discuss here. I do not say, sir, that I am
not nearly prepared to give my assent to such a
peaceable dissolution of the Government, if pub-
lic sentiment should seem to require it. But this
involves very grave questions—questions which
we cannot discuss here, much less determine.
What is it about this bill? I do not believe my-
self that this bill confers upon the President any
additional power whatever. If it have any value,
to my mind, it is merely because it is explana-
tory of mooted points.
The gentleman from Virginia denounces it as a
war measure. A war measure, forsootls! A war
against whom? Against any State ? Why, sir,
t here have have been piled up within the last sixty
days, at least twenty-five distinct declarations of
war made by States against this Government, if
you adopt the theory that a war between the
States and the General Government be possible.
Within less than sixty days, sixteen of the public
forts have been seized by violence, and fourteen
of them arc still held against the power of the
Government. If any one of these seizures had
been made by any foreign Power, or by all the
Powers of the world combined, we would have
been in arms against them, looking upon those
seizures as a declaration of war. Sixteen forts
have been seized, and fourteen of them are still
•retained against us; fourteen forts, sir, mounting
eleven hundred and twenty-four guns, and costing
this Government nearly six million dollars. The
soil upon which they stand has been purchased,
the title to the land upon which they are erected
is in the United States, and no other Power on
earth has a right to interfere with them. Yet the
General Government is appealed to about disturb-
ing the peace of the country, and producing war.
Oh, no; if the Government which wo are sworn to
support will consent quietly to be kicked about
for a few days, and then go out of existence
peaceably, we will have no war.
But, unless the Government shall submit first
to indignity and then to violence, we must needs
have war Sir, I do not know what gentlemen
are thinking of. I do not question the purity of
any man's motives. I speak for myself. I think
I understand the purport of that oath to support
the Constitution of the United States, and I do
not think it becomes us, when the very existence
of the Governmentis called in question, to begin
to trump up excuses and multiply difficulties, and
bring lions in the way. I regard all this plea
about coercion, all these side issues, as only tend-
ing to divert the public mind from the real issue
at stake. And, with the view I have of my con-
stitutional duties, it would bo moral treason for
me to do so. Sir, of all the humbugs which have
been started since there was a Government upon
the face of the earth, this cry of coercion is the
most baseless and absurd. There is not one par-
ticle of foundation for it. It is impossible, in the
very nature of things. The States are sovereign
within the sphere of their legitimate action. All
the powers that the States have at all are sover-
eign. Such power as the General Government
has is equally sovereign, though limited and del-
egated. These sovereign powers which are con-
ferred upon the General Government, and which
they are required to exercise, arc as sovereign
as any powers of any Government on the face
of the earth. Indeed, they all of them relate
to the highest subjects known to sovereignty.
Each government was designed to move within
its own sphere; the General Government within
the delegated powers named in the Constitution;
and the States to take care of the residuary inter-
ests reserved to them. If wo should send over
an army to prevent the British Government from
executing their laws within their own bounds,
and it should attempt to execute them by force,
you might as well talk about their coercing the
Government of the United States as to talk about
coercing South Carolina, when we merely attempt
to collect the revenue. Talk, if you will, about
one planet among the heavenly bodies coercing
the others. Each was designed to move within
its own orbit; but if one should leap from its own
orbit and go into that of another, there might be
collision. But I deny that any State can legally
array itself against the execution of the laws of
the United States within their bounds.
In addition to these forts I have named, they
have seized revenue cutters, arsenals, arms, and
even the Mint and treasure of the United States;
all of which they hold with impunity. Now, I
hold that any Government, if it rightfully exists,
has rightfully the power to maintain that exist-
ence. If a Government has not the power of self-
defense, it is no Government at all. The duty of
sell-preservation to a Government must, in the
nature of things, be the first of all duties, and the
highest of all poweis. And if our Government
has the right of self-defense, it has the right to
build forts upon the soil which it has purchased,
and to defend them to the bitter end against the
world in arms.
But yet, after all these several acts of hostility
against the Government have been perpetrated,
because they assume a deceitful form—appearing
under the sanction of State authority—we are
met on the very threshold with the objection to
using that power, because it will be coercing a
State. Who does not see that the thing is ab-
surd? There can be, legally, no State there; and
so long as the Government keeps within the pre-
scribed powers,within the powers delegated to it
in the Constitution,no State can be there. Why,
the States have not the power which the General
Government possesses. That power has been
surrendered to the General Government, what-
ever theory you adopt in regard to the Consti-
tution—the one that the power was surrendered
directly by the States, or the one that it was
surrendered by the people. I do not care which
theory you take, the result is the same. That
power is delegated, and it is in the hands of the
General Government. How is it possible that a
State can resist that power legally? They cannot
do it. It is a solecism; it is an absurdity; it is a
mere humbug, got up to deceive and cheat the
people, and to drag them into revolution itself.
We very readily see tlit, at the time the Con-
stitution was adopted, it would have been com-
petent for the people to have concentrated allpower
in the hands of the General Government, by giv-
ing all power to one General Government; and it
would then have been an empire,instead of a mere
limited Government for general purposes. If they
had then conferred all possible, rightful power
upon a General Government, necessarily, every
State would have gone out of existence at that
time. There would have been no State any more,
because all powers of State would have been sur-
rendered.
But certain powers were surrendered. The
power of controlling and regulating commerce,
collecting the revenue, making treaties; all these
powers were conferred upon the General Govern-
ment,and many powers were expressly denied to
the States in that instrument. Now, I hold that,
practically, every State went out of existence pro
tanlo—that is, so far as they were expressly for-
bidden from doing anything in the Constitution—
and no State, at least in theory, can exist for that
one purpose. If individuals assemble and attack
our forts, seize our public property, and then turn
round and say "Oh, my State is there," I tell
them their States cannot protect them rightfully,
and your act, with or without the sanction of
your State, if it becomes general, is revolution,
and revolution is rebellion, and rebellion involves
treason.
Now, sir, the Constitution in express terms re-
quires the President to take an oath that he will
see that the laws of the United States are faith-
fully executed. He cannot do any more; he can-
not do any less. And, at least, he can do no less
than to try to use the legal and constitutional
means to redeem his oath according to the true
meaning and intent thereof. He cannot, as I said
before, do more or less. That is his duty.
Now, the Constitution provides that Congress
shall call forth the militia to suppress insurrec-
tion and repel invasion, and to execute the laws
of the Union. This is our duty. And that is all
that is proposed to be done, unless it may be ne-
cessary to execute that power of the Government
which is higher than all law, above all law, before
all law—the power to preserve its own existence
until it shall be dissolved by the power which
made it. And protecting the public property is
exercising this very right. We need no legisla-
tion about that. It becomes at once the question
of the existence of the Republic, and the Repub-
lic is bound to exist until it is regularly dissolved;
not only for its own sake, but to discharge the
high trust which has been placed in its hands by
the people of the United States.
Mr. STANTON. The morning hour has nearly
expired, and with the consent of the gentleman
from Michigan, I will move that the further con-
sideration of this bill be postponed until Monday
next, and made the special order atone o'clock
that day.
Mr. HOWARD, of Michigan. I will yield
the floor for that purpose, with the understanding
that I shall be entitled to the floor when the sub-
ject is again resumed.
Mr. STANTON. Of course.
No objection being made, it was so ordered.
TERRITORIAL BUSINESS.
Mr. GROW. I ask the unanimous consent of
the House to set aside Saturday for the consid-
eration of ordinary territorial business.
Mr. SPINNER. I object to that, because that
will be the last day for the consideration of pri-
vate bills.
Mr. STANTON. I understand that my col-
league, the chairman of the select committee of
thirty-three, desires to take the vote on his prop-
ositions on that day
