1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
and upon the principle practiced by the Congress
of the United States in the case of Florida, to
seize her, pass her under the jurisdiction of the
United States, and hold her as a province.
Mr. President, I have spoken of the possibility
of a State standing in the position of South Car-
olina making alliances with a foreign Power.
What do we see now? Ex-Governor Manning,
of that State, in a specch made not long since at
Columbia, made these declarations:
" Cotton is king, and would enable us in peace to rule
the nations of the world, or successfully to encounter them
in war. The millions in Franco and England engaged in
its manufacture, arc an effectual guarantee of the friendship
of those nations. If necessary, their armies would stand
to guaid its uninterrupted and peaceful cultivation, and
their men-oi-war would line our coasts to guard it in its
transit from our ports."
Ah! are we prepared, in the face of doctrines
like these, to permit a State that has been a mem-
ber of our Confederacy to go out, and erect her-
self into an independent Power> when she points
to the time when she will become a dependent of
Great Britain, or when she will want the pro-
tection of Prance? What is the doctrine laid down
by Mr. Buchanan and Mr. Mason and Mr. Soule?
If Cuba is to pass into the hands of an unfriendly
Power, or any Power inimical to the United
States, wc have a right to seize and to hold her.
Where is the difference between the two cases?
If South Carolina is outside of the Confederacy
as an independent Power, disconnected from this
Government, and wc find her forming alliances to
protect her, I ask what becomes of that great prin-
ciple, the law of self-preservation ? Docs it not
apply with equal force? We are told, upon pretty
high authority, that Great Britain is operating in
the United States; that she is exerting a power-
ful influence. I find that, in a paper issued from
the executive office, Little Rock, Arkansas, and
addressed to the militia of the State of Arkansas,
the following language is used:
"It is my opinion, that the settled and «ccret policy of
the British Government i* to di^tutb the domestic tranquil-
lity of the United States; that objcct ij to break up and
destroy our Government, get rid of a power! u I rival, extend
the area of the lititsrdi dominions on this Continent, and
become the chief and controlling Power 111 America."
I will not read it all. He gives many reasons
why it is so. He says:
UI believe that such a eonspiiacy exists against our Fed-
eral Government, ami that, if ail the secret fact< and trans-
actions connected with it, and the name* of the sccret
agents and emissaries of th-? Untisli Government, distrib-
uted throughout tli" United States, could bo ascertained,
well authenticated, and made public, the patriotic people
of the United States would be filled with astonishment;
and having discovered the real author and instigator of the
mischief, all discoid between the fieo States and the Mave
* States would at once be allayed, if not entiirly cease, and
that then they would become fraternally and'more fiimly
united; and that the united indignation of the patriotic
citizens of tue whole TJnton against the JJntish Govern-
ment and its agents and emi^arie.% would be so great that
war would he declared agrun>t the British Government iu
Jesj, than twelve months.''
The Governor of the State of Arkansas says,
that if all the secret woikings of Great Britain in
this country could be ascertained, war would be
declared in less than twelve months against the
Government of Great Britain. What further does
he say:
" Entertaining these opinions, I deem it my duty to the
people of the State of Arkansas, to warn them to go to work
tit earnest and make permanent and thorough preparations,
so that they may at all time* be ready to protect themselves
and our State against evils which I believe the British
Government intends shall not he temporary and triflinc,
but continuous and aggravated, 'irrepressible' and terri-
ble"
.This is signed by " EliasN.Conway,Governor
of the State of Arkansas, and commander-in-
chief of the army of said State, and of the militia
theicof." But ex-Governor Manning, of South
Carolina,.declares that cotton is king, and that
the armies of Great Britain, and the fleets of
France, and their mon of war, would protect them;
the one in the peaceful production of cotton, and
the otlier in its exportation to the ports of the
world. What sort of times are we falling on?
Where are we goins;? Are these the threats that
wc are to be met with?
Is the United States to be told by one of the
States attempting to absolve itself from its allegi-
ance, without authority, and in fact in -violation
of (he Constitution of the United States, that being
disconnected with the Confederacy, it will place
itself upon our coast to form an alliance with
Prance and with England, which will protccther
more securely than the protection which she now
receives from the United States? The question
recurs, have we not an existence, have we not
institutions, to preserve; and in compliance with
the great law of self-preservation, can we permit
one of these States to take the protection of a for-
eign Power that is inimical and dangerous to the
peaceful relations of this Government? Can we
do it? I do not believe that we can. I repeat, for
fear it may be misunderstood, that there are cer-
tain circumstances and conditions under which the
remaining States, parties to the compact, might
tolerate the secession of one State; and there are
other circumstances and other conditions under
which they dare not do it, in view of the great
principle of self-preservation of which I havebeen
speaking. When any State takes such an atti-
tude what will be our course of policy? The case
must be determined by the existing circumstances
at the time.
But it is expected and said by some that South
Carolina, in making this mo'vement, intends to
carry the other States along with her; that they
will be drawn into it. Now, Mr. President, is that
the way for one sister, for one rebellious State, to
talk to others ! Is that the language in which they
should be addressed? I ask my friend from Cal-
ifornia to read an extract from the message of
Governor Gist, of South Carolina. Ho will do
me a favor by so doing; and then we shall see the
basis upon which we stand, and the attitude in
which we are to be placed. Not only is South
Carolina to go out of the Union in violation of the
Constitution, impeding and resisting the execu-
tion of the laws, but the other States are to he
dragged along with her, and we are all to be in-
volved in one common ruin.
Mr. LATHAM read the following extractfrom
the message of Governor Gist to the Legislature
of South Carolina:
"The introduction of slaves from other States which may
not become members of the southern confederacy, and par-
ticuUuly the border States, should be prohibited by legisla-
tive enactment; and by this means they will be brought to
see that their safety depends upon a withdrawal from their
enemies and an union with their friends and natural allies.
If they should continue their union with the non-slavc-
hoiding States, let them keep their slave property in their
own borders, and the only alternative left them will be eman-
cipation by their own act, or by the action of their own
confederates. We cannotconsentto relieve them from their
embarrassing situation by permitting them to realize the
money value for their slaves by selling them to us, and thus
prepare them, without any loss of property, to accommo-
date themselves to the noithern fiee-.soil idea. Butshoutd
they unite their destiny with u^, and become stars in the
southern galaxj — members 01 a great southern eomcdera-
aon—we will lecetve them with open arms and an enthu-
sin^trc greeting." *******
" All hope, therefore, of concerted action by a southern
convention being lo^t, there i-< but one course left for South
Carolina to pursue consistent with her honor, interest, and
safety, and that is, to look neither to the right or the left,
hut go straight forward to the consummation of her pur-
pose. it is too late now to receive propositions for a con-
ference; and the State would be wanting iu self-respect,
alter having de liberately decided on her own course, to en-
tertain an\ proposition lookingto a continuance of the pres-
ent Union. We can get no better or safer guarantee than
the piesent Constitution; and that has proved impotent to
protect us against the fanaticism of the North. The insti-
tution of slavery must bo under the exclusive control of
those directly interested in its pieservation, and not left to
the mercy of those that believe it to be their duty to de-
stroy it."
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. If my friend
will read an extract from the speech of Mr. Keitt,
of South Carolina, it will show the determination
and policy to be pursued. It is done with all
respect to him; for he is a man upon whom i look
as a perfect and entire gentleman, from all my
acquaintance with him; but I merely want to
quote from his speech to get at the policy they
wish to pursue.
Mr. LATHAM read, as follows:
" Hon. L. M. Keitt was serenaded at Columbia on Mon-
day even nisi ; and 111 iespon.se to the compliment he spoke at
considerable length in favor of separate Stale action. He
said South Carolina could not take one stepbackward now
without receiving the cuiso of posterity. South Carolina,
single and alon« , was hound to co out of tins accused
Union • he would take her out U but thief; men went with
him, and iMav<\- took her b.ick it would be to her grave-
yard. Sir. Buchanan was pledged to secession, and he meant
to hold hhn to it. The policy of the Stat^ should be pru-
dent and bold. His advice \va-, move on, side by 5?ide. lie
requested union and harmony among those embarked in
tin* -ame uieatcciuse ; but yn.hl notadf y too long, and when
the time comes let it come speedily. Take your destinies
in \out own hands.and siiattoi this accursed Union. South
<;:i:ohnu could do it alone. Due it'flic could not, "he could
at leai t thmw her arms around the pillars of the Constitu-
tion. nnd involve all the States in a common ruin. Mr.
Keitt ua. sjn-aTly applauded throughout hnaddiess."
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. Mr. Prcsideiit,
I have referred to these extracts to show the pol- 
icy intended to be pursued by our seceding sister;
What is the first threat thrown out? It is an in-
timidation to theborder States, alluding especially,
I suppose, to Virginia, Maryland, Kentucky,-and
Missouri. They constitute the first tier of the
border slave States. The next tier would be
North Carolina and Tennessee and Arkansas.
Wc in the South have complained of and con-
demned the position assumed by the Abolition^
ists. We have complained that their intention
was to hem slavery in, so that, like the scorpion
when surrounded by fire, if it did not die from
the intense heat of the scorching flames, it would
perish in its own poisonous skin. Now, our sis-
ter, without consulting her sisters, without caring
for their interest or their consent, says that she
will move forward; that she will destroy the Gov-
ernment under which we have lived, and that
hereafter, when she forms a Government or a
Constitution, unless the border States come in,
she will pass laws prohibiting the importation of
slaves into her State from those States, and thereby
obstruct the slave trade among the States, and
throw the institution back upon the border States,
so that they will be compelled to emancipate their
slaves upon the principle laid down by the Ab-
olition party. That is the rod held over us!
I tell our sisters in the South that so far as Ten-
nessee is concerned, she will not be dragged into
a southern or any other confederacy until she
has had time to consider; and then she will go
when she believes it to lie her interest, and not
before. I tell our northern friends, who are re-
sisting the execution of the laws made in con-
formity with the Constitution, that we will not
be driven on the other hand into their confed-
acy, and we will not go into it unless it suits us,
and they give us such guarantees as we deem
right and proper. We say to you of the South,
we are not to be frightened and coerced. Oh,
when one talks about coercing a State, how mad-
dening and insulting to the State; but when you
want to bring the other States to terms, how easy
to point out a means by which to coerce them!
But, sir, we do not intend to be coerced.
We are told that certain States will go out and
tear this accursed Constitution into fragments,
and drag the pillars of this mighty edifice down
upon us, and involve us all in one common ruin.
Will the border States submit to such a threat?
No. If they do not come into the movement, the
pillars of this stupendous fabric of human free-
dom and greatness and goodness are to be pulled
down, and all will be involved in one common
ruin. Such is the threatening language used.
"You shall come into our confederacy, or we will
coerce you to the emancipation of your slaves."
That is the language which is held toward us.
There are many ideas afloat about this threat-
ened dissolution,and it is time to speak out. The
question arises in reference to the protection and
preservation of the institution of slavery, whether
dissolution is a remedy or will give to it protection.
I avow here, to-day, that if I were an Abolition-
ist, and wanted to accomplish the overthrow and
abolition of the institution of slavery in the south-
ern States, the first step that I would take would
be to break the bonds of this Union, and dissolve
this Government. I believe the continuance of
slavery depends upon the preservation of this
Union, and a compliance with all the guarantees
of the Constitution. I believe an interference
with it will break up the Union; and I believe a
dissolution of the Union will, in the end, though
it may be some time to come, overthrow the in-
stitution of slavery. Hence we find so many in
the North who desire the dissolution of these
States as the most certain and dircct and effectual
means of overthrowing the institution of slavery.
What protection would it bo to us to dissolve
this Union? What protection would it be to us
to convert this nation into two hostile Powers, the
one warring with the other ? Whose property is
at stake? Whose interest is endangered ? Is it
not the property of the border States? Suppose
Canada were moved down upon our border, and
the two separated sections, then different nations,
were hostile: what would the institution of slavery
be worth on the border ? Every man who has
common sense will see that the institution would
take up its march and rctieat,.as eertainlyand as
unerringly as general laws can operate. Yes; it
would commence to retreat the very moment this
