1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1099
Mr. WINSLO W. I suggest to the gentleman
from Pennsylvania that he name Tuesday next.
Saturday is private bill day.
Mr. GROW. It was understood last Friday,
when we considered private bills, that the Private
Calendar would notbe reached again this session.
The gentleman from North Carolina suggests that
I should take Tuesday next, and I will agree to
that.
Mr. BURNETT. I have no objection to that;
but I want to vote on the compromise proposi-
tions before we take up territorial business.
Mr. GROW. I ask then that Tuesday next
be set apart for the consideration of territorial
business, and that it be made the special order
for that day.
There being no objection, it was so ordered.
EMPLOYES OF THE HOUSE.
Mr. SPINNER. I desire to. make a report
from the Committee of Accounts, and to report
a bill defining the duties and fixing the compen-
sation of the Clerk, Sergeant-at-Arms, Postmaster,
Doorkeeper, and Librarian, and settling the num-
ber and pay of other employes of the House of
Representatives, and for other purposes.
The SPEAKER. Is there any objection ?
Mr. SPINNER. There cannot be. I ask for
the reading of the resolution under which the bill
is reported.
The Clerk read the resolution, as follows:
" Febhuary 16,1S60.
"Resolved, That the Committee of Accounts be instructed
to inquire into the expediency of additional legislation
securing greater accountability and economy in the dis-
bursement of the contingent fund of the House, and that
they have leave to report at any time, by bill orotlieiwise."
Mr. HASK1N. I object.
Mr. SPINNER. You cannot object.
Mr. HASKIN. Yes. I can. That bill can
only come in under a suspension of the rules.
Mr. SPINNER. I desire to have the rule read
in relation to reporting at any time. No man can
object. We have a right, under the rules of the
House, to report the bill and have it acted on.
Mr. McCLERNAND. I think I can compro-
mise this matter with the gentleman from New
York.
Mr. SPINNER. There is no compromise
about it. I have a right to report the bill.
Mr. McCLERNAND. Has the morning hour
expired ?
The SPEAKER. Not quite.
Mr. KUNKEL. I hope the objection will be
withdrawn. This bill will effect a large reduction
in the expenses of the House.
Mr. McCLERNAND. Thatis a mooted ques-
tion. Itestablishes a new office and a new official
corps.
Mr. SPINNER. The resolution of the House
authorizes us to report it back.
Mr. McCLERNAND. I object to the recep-
tion of the bill. Let the Chair pass upon that
question.
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not see any ;
reason why the gentleman from New York might j
not make the report. The morning hour is out
now, but it had not expired when the gentleman
made his application. He was in time; and the
Chair does not see why he could not make the
report.
Mr. McCLERNAND. On the ground that the
committee were authorized to report at any time ?
The SPEAKER. Yes, sir.
Mr. HASKIN. It cannot supersede the reg-
ular order of business before the House.
The SPEAKER. It will not supersede the reg-
ular order of business; but the gentleman had a
right to make the report at the time he made it.
Mr. SPINNER. If there is any question about
that, I will have the rule read which gives us the
right, not only to report the bill, but to have ac-
tion upon it.
Mr. McCLERNAND. I call for the regular
order of business. The gentleman has made his
report.
The SPEAKER. The hour has arrived at
which the special order must be called.
Mr. SPINNER. I desire to have an order
made that the bill and report be printed.
Mr. HASKIN. 1 object, and call for the reg-
ular order of business.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman object
to the bill being received and printed?
Mr. HASKIN. I do; and I call for the regular
order of business.
Mr. KUNKEL. The gentleman has no right
to object.
Mr. McCLERNAND. The bill cannot be
printed except by order of the House; and objec-
tion is made to that order.
A Member. What is the bill for?
Mr. SPINNER. You may see from the way
in which it is opposed that it proposes reform.
The SPEAKER. The Chair finds that the
gentleman from New Yorlc is under a misappre-
hension in relation to the resolution which has
been read. That resolution has never been agreed
to by the House. It was referred, as it appears
from the indorsement on it, to the Committee of
Accounts, but was not agreed to by the House.
Mr. McCLERNAND. Then I object to the
reception of the bill.
Mr. SPINNER. The resolution was passed
by the House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair believes there is
a misapprehension upon that point. Lettheentry
be read. .
The Clerk read as follows :
" On the 36th of February, Mr. Maynard submitted the
following resolution ; which was lefeired to the Committee
of Accounts."
Mr. HASKIN. Then the resolution was never
passed by the House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands that
the resolution was never agreed to. The gentle-
man from Tennessee [Mr. Maynard] only had
the reference made to the committee, and, in that
aspect of the case, the bill cannot be received.
Mr. BURNETT. Was not the resolution re-
ferred in open House ?
Mr. STANTON. It was referred, but was not
passed.
Mr. BURNETT. If it was referred by the
action of the House, that was sufficient.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands that
the resolution was referred in open House upon
a call for resolutions for reference only. The
resolution was presented, and was referred, as a
matter of course.
Mr. BURNETT. The House did not vote on
the resolution ?
The SPEAKER. No, sir; it did not.
Mr. BURNETT. Well, the report ought to
be made anyhow.
Mr. SPINNER. Has the order to print the
bill been made ?
The SPEAKER. No, sir; the bill is not re-
ceived
Mr. MONTGOMERY. This bill, like all
others of the swmekind, would probably resultin
a deficiency bill, and would increase, instead of
diminishing the expenses of the House.
Mr. SPINNER. 1 move to suspend the rules
to enable me to introduce the bill.
The SPEAKER. It is not in order to suspend
the rules to-day.
Mr. SPINNER. It is within ten days of the
close of the session. We have adjourned over
to-morrow, and there are but ten days of the ses-
sion left. I make that point of order.
Mr. ADRA1N. Oh, no; it is not within ten
days of (he close of the session.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion that
we aie not within the ten clays.
VOTES RECORDED,
Mr. CLARK B. COCHRANE. I was absent
from the House yesterday on business at the De-
partments when the vote was taken on the amend-
ment of the Senate to the naval appropriation bill.
I ask the unanimous consent of the House to have
my vote recorded m the affirmative.
There was no objection.
Mr. FENTON. I ask unanimous consent to
have my vote recorded in the same way on that
question. I was absent in consequence of sick-
ness in my family.
There was no objection.
The SPEAKER. The hour has arrived when
it is the duty of the Chair to announce the special
order, being the report of the committee of thirty-
th rec.
Mr. STANTON. I move that the House re-
solve itself into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, for the purpose of taking
up the special order for to-day—the Oregon anu
Washington war debt bill.
The SPEAKER. The special order takes pre-
cedence; and the gentleman from Missouri [Mr.
Barret] in entitled to the floor.
PADUCAII MARINE HOSPITAL.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I appeal to
the gentleman from Missouri to yield me the floor
for one moment to make a correction which is due
both to myself and the gentleman from Connec-
ticut, [Mr. Loomis.]
Mr. BARRET. I have no objection.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. In the course
of a discussion had a few weeks ago in this House,
in regard to renting of the marine hospitals, and
which attracted a good deal of attention, the gen-
tleman from Connecticut referred" to the case of
the marine hospital at Parlucah, Kentucky, and
made a statement which was on its face rather a
hard showing. As I have taken a good deal of
interest in trying to protect these marine hospi-
tals for the benefit of sick and disabled seamen,
for whom they were established, I desire now to
make a correction of the gentleman's statement.
He said on that occasion:
"And hero let me call the attention of the House to Ex-
ecutive Document No. 27, and report No. 655, of the first
session of this Congress—the latter of which I had the
honor to make at the last session, under mstiuctions from
the Committee on the Expenditures of the Treasury De-
partment. We find Jroin thatdoeument that, atPaducah—
which is only an illustration—a hospital has been erected
at a cost of between fifty and nixty thousand dollars; and
yet, since the year 1854, there has not been a single sick
or disabled seaman admitted there; and yet jt has been
provided, during all that time, with a physician and labor-
ers, to whom we have paid large salaries. Again, the
same gentleman states the cost per week, at this hospital,
as being $16 10."
Now, the gentleman from Connecticut was un-
doubtedly misled by the report of the Secretary
of the Treasury, which showsprecisely the same
state of facts as he alluded to. But i have received
a statement from the physician of that hospital—
a gentleman who I understand stands high in his
profession—and I appeal to the Representative
from that district if that be not so ?
Mr. BURNETT. I desire to say that the gen-
tleman who is physician to that hospital is not,
I suppose, surpassed, m ability, by any man, in
that position, in this country. He is a man of
thorough education, of scientific attainments, and
of as high character as any in the State of Ken-
tucky, or elsewhere.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Well, sir,
this gentleman sends me a transcript from his
books, which shows an extraordinary misrepre-
sentation or perhaps rather an extraordinary omis-
sion in the report of the Secretary of the Treasury.
Instead of there being but a few patients there,
andinstcadof thcircostirg theGovevnment J16 10
per week each, there were admitted into that hos-
pital in the year 1860, three hundred and sixty-
four patients, and the average costofcach patient
was but $6 30 per week, i submit a table which
Dr. Calloway, the hospital physician, has went me:
Number of eas.es of fovm (four died)    161
Number of cases of chilblains (fio.^t bite)  6
Number of cases of dropsy (died)  I
Number of cn^es of consumption (toui died)  4
Number of cases of erysipelas    3
Inflammation and ulceration of loot  6
Inflammation and gangiene (amputation of toes)  1
Gangicnou-5 ulcei (breast)  1
Contused wounds   17
Wounds with knitc  8
Gunshot wounds  3
Ulcers ,.... 45
Venereal diseases 
Chionic iheumalisns - *8
Acute lheumatl-m  ~
Pneumonia  ,*
Dysentery     7
Hemorrhage of the bowels (died)    j
Cancer of face *  *
Sun stioke (three died) *  4
Luxations.
  1
   2
  1
  1
Thish 
Shoulder.
Elbow ...
Fractures.
Shoulder.
Arm 
Leg
Total number of patients admitted in 1860 361
Total number of days relief, 12,268.
Number of days relief to each patient, SO 8? 91,
Total expenses for 1860, $11,000.
Cost per day for relief, 90 cents.
Cost per week for relief, $6 30.
Total number of deaths in I860,14.
