1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
iioi
pile of papers and report the amount actually due.
The chairman, when he came to look into the
bundle of papers, found it impossible to go into
the details, and he addressed a letter to the Third
Auditor of the Treasury, requesting him to make
a statement of the amount allowed to soldiers for
service, and "of the amount allowed for supplies,
and in general terms to classify and give some
idea of the character of the claims. On the 10th
of January, 1859, the Third Auditor transmitted
a letter to the chairman of the committee in reply
to his request, from which letter we learned that
the territorial authorities allowed for mounted
volunteers—the volunteers furnishing their own
horses—four dollars per day. They allowed offi-
cers in that service fees corresponding pretty
nearly with the fees of major generals and briga-
dier generals of the Army of the United States,
with rations also corresponding. And they found
that the supplies were charged at pretty near the
i*ate allowed to volunteers. It is five dollars a
bushe) for oats, and $140 per ton for hay. And
the same person was allowed pay as volunteer, as
laborer, and as ferryman. In this way the same
person would frequently be paid fourorfive times
over for different descriptions of serviceperformed
at the same time.
With claims of this character the committee
found it utterly impracticable to go in person into
the details. We could not, as a matter of course,
go to work and overhaul these accounts and papers
to ascertain what was reasonable in every given
case. The Third Auditor of the Treasury, upon
whom the law devolves the duty of auditing the
Army accounts, had these things in his posses-
sion, and had given the matter much of his per-
sonal examination; and the committee saw no
other mode of meeting this case, or this question ,
than to call upon the Third Auditor to peiform,
in substance, the duty of the committee, fixing
the principle upon winch he should audit and al-
low these claims With that view, the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs reported to the House of
Representatives a. series of resolutions, which
were passed on the 8th of February, 1859. These
resolutions instructed the Third Auditor of the
Treasury to examine these claims, and settle them
upon the following principles:
u 1. lie shall recognize no company or individual as en-
titled to pay etcopt audi as weic called into service by tli#
terntonal authorities of Oregon and Washington, or such
whose seivices have been recognized and accepted by the
said authorities.
" 2. He shall allow to the volunteer^ engaged in said ser-
vice no higher pay and allowances than were given to
officers and soldiers ot equal grade, at that period, in the
Army of the United States, including the extra pay ot two
dollars per month given to tioopa serving on the Pacific,
by the act of J 852.
No person, either in the militaiv or in the civil ser-
vice of the United State*, oi ot said Teiutones, shall be
paid for his services in inoie than one employment oi ca-
pacity for the same period of time, and all such double or
triple allowances lor pay, as appeals in said account--,
shall be lejected.
"4. That in auditing the claims for supplies, transporta-
tion, and other sei vice* incurred for t lie maintenance of said
volunteers, he is duected to have due tegard to the num-
ber ot said troops, to their period of seivice, and to the
puces curient in tiie countiy at the. time, and nor. to leport
said seivice beyond the time actually engaged therein, nor
to lecognizc supplies; beyond a reasonable approximation to
the proportions and descriptions authorized by existing
laws and regulations for such troops, taking into considei-
ation the natuiu and pecuhanties of the seivice.
"5. That all claims of said volunteer for horses, aim*,
and other piopeity lo?>toi destioyed m said seivice, shall
be audited accoidmg to the piovisions of the act approved
Maich 3, 1849."
Upon the 7th of February, 1860, thcThird Audi-
tor transmitted this report to the House, which I
now hold m my hand, containing, mthcaggrcgate,
one hundred and thirty-two pages. The Committee
on Military Affairs has given to that report a pret-
ty thorough and careful examination; and have
found no reason to dissent from the results anived
at by the Third Auditor. We have heard the ar-
guments of the Delegates from the Territories of
Oregon and Washington; and we have examined
their printed arguments, and the committee, on
the part of the House, have come to the determ-
ination to recognize the conclusions of the Third
Auditor of the Treasury as near an approximate
to what the merits of the case require as they arc
able to arrive at. The Auditor reports, in the
aggregate, a sum of $2,714,808 55. The Delegates
from Washington and Oregon protest against this
reduction of their claims from the amount which
was audited by the commissioners sent out by
order of Congress
It will be seen by the Senate bill that that body
has recognized the Auditor's report, so far as the
claims for the personal services of the volunteers
are concerned, and reduced their pay to the Army
standard; but they depart from the Auditor's re-
port, so far as to recognize the contracts for sup-
plies made by the territorial authorities, and to
pay the contract prices. The House committee
cannot see any propriety in that discrimination.
In fact, if there is any reason for giving prefer-
ence to either, it seems to the committee that the
personal services of those who.are called into ser-
vice in an inclement season of the year to go into
a wilderness country, are better entitled to high
pay than those who furnish supplies for the ser-
vice; and certainly this Government is under no
obligation to recognize the contracts of the terri-
torial authorities, and particulaily when it is re-
membered that the territorial authoriticsexpressly
and distinctly refused to have the territorial militia
mustered into the service of the United States, and
supplied by the quartermaster of the United States
Army. The territorial authorities of Oregon made
contracts with parties to furnish supplies, and they,
I suppose, are liable to the parties for the excess
of price they contracted for above that paid by the
regular Army. If this Government pays pro rata
the amount piovidcd for in this bill, the State must
take care of whatever it has contracted to pay
beyond.
Now, sir, I say we cannot recognize the justice
of the discrimination made by the Senate committee
in favor of the parties furnishing supplies, and of
allowing them the contract prices charged, while
the men engaged in the service arc only entitled
to Army rates. And, by the way, there is another
reason for it. The deduction made in the supplies
to the Army rates for similar supplies furnished
to the qiuuteimastcr's department in these Terri-
tories, would not be very different from the amount
that would be properly charged by the territorial
authorities. It unquestionably was nothing be-
yond the difference between the credit of the au-
thorities of the United States and the credit of the
territorial authorities theie. That is all the dif-
feience there can be. But the difference between
the price agreed to be paid for personal service
and the rate paid to soldiers of the United States
in the service of the United States, is a much moie
setious matter. I can sec no reason why, if the
people of these Territories receive the prices that
they were entitled to for supplies furnished to the
Army of the United States, their cash value in that
market and not here, and their cash value at the
place were they were purchased, there should be
any ground of complaint. ThcreccrtainJy is much
more reason for complaining that you could not
procure the personal service of the men who were
engaged in these expeditions, at the rate paid to
the oflicers and soldiers of the Army of the Uni-
ted States, because the personal services of men
would command larger rates.
I think, if there shall be any discrimination at
all, that the Senate have discriminated the wrong
way. I grant you, at once, that it is a loss to the
people of the Territories of Oregon and Wash-
ington to enter the service and serve at Army
pay. But when you remember the condition of the
country, the magnitude of these services, the ex-
tent of our fiontier, you must fix some standard
by which compensation shall be made to volun-
teers called into the service of the country hastily
and temporarily, or you will have no sort of guard
against imposition and fraud. It ought to be the
policy of the Government to pay such prices as
would not make it an object of speculation, as
would not make it the interest of a frontier Ter-
ritory to engage in hostilities with the Indians,
with a view of securing large pay for their ser-
vices. No government in this world ever paid for
military services the prices that labor would com-
mand m the market. No government could do
it. The expenditure is too enormous. The rev-
enues of no government could meet it. Hence,
every man must sacrifice something for the public
good; and when an invasion falls upon a people
of any locality, and they enroll themselves for
their own protection, for the protection of them-
selves and their families, they have no right to
expect to be fully compensated for the loss of time
and seivice as though they were working by the
day. If they are reimbursed to the extent that
the Government of the United States pays its oiH-
cersand soldiers in the regularservice in thesame
locality, that is all this Government can do. I
would say, here, sir, that the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs have applied that principle rigidly,
in ail the claims for services by volunteers,since
I have been a member of that committee. This
House has passed numerous bills recognizing1 and
adopting the same principle; and it seems to be
necessary, for the purpose of administering equal
justice to all the Territories, that we should apply-
that principle here.
By the way, Mr. Chairman, there is an.error
in the report of the committee. It arose from a
misapprehension of the basis of the Senate re-
port. The Senate reported $400,000 for the pay
of the troops called into service. The Committee
on Military Affairs of the House supposed that
that sum would not meet theamountwhich would
be required upon the principles adopted by the
committee, and therefore they increased it to a
sum over five hundred thousand dollars. By a
law passed some six or eight years a^o, two dol-
lars per month in addition to the ordinary Army
pay elsewhere, was allo,wed to the soldiers en-
gaged in the service of the United States upon the
Pacific coast. The committee of the House sup-
posed that extra pay was still applicable, and that
these soldiers were still entitled to it in addition
to their regular pay; but it turns out that since
the passage of the law allowing two dollars ad-
ditional per month to the soldiers upon the Pacific
coast, there has been passed a general law raising
the pay of all the soldiers, and repealing the law
giving two dollars per month extra pay to the sol-
diers upon the Pacific coast. Therefore, the Sen-
ate committee is right in the amount that would
be required to liquidate the claims upon the prin-
ciple adopted by the committee. I thcreforemove
to strike out the sum as it stands in the amend-
ment of the committee, and insert $400,000 in its
stead.
I think that covers all I desire to say on this
subject; and I now leave the subject to other gen-
tlemen, and especially the gentlemen from Oregon
and Washington.
Mr. STEVENS, of Washington Territory. I
give notice that I will at the proper time move an
amendment to strike out and insert. Will it be
in order now, I would inquire of the Chair, if I
moved it as a substitute?
The CHAIRMAN. The first question will be
on the amendment moved by the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Stanton] to the amendment of the
committee. If that should be voted down, then
the question will be on the proposition of the gen-
tleman from Washington.
Mr. STOUT. Mr. Chairman, it would not be
proper for me, at this late day in the session, to
detain the House or the committee unreasonably
in the discussion of this matter; and my only
apology in taking up any time at all, is because
of the importance of the pending measure to the
people I have the honor to represent. In what I
say, I shall be compelled to differ in some respects
with the honorable chairman of the Committee
on Military Affairs, and indeed with the majority
of that committee, who recommend the adoption
of the substitute. I desire, sir, the adoption of the
Senate bill, without further amendment than an
additionalclause providmgfor the payment of this
claim in bonds of the Government, redeemable
in twenty years, at six per cent, per annum in-
terest. That is the proposition my friend from
Washington Territory will submit at the proper
time, for the action of the committee and the
House.
I will now endeavor, Mr. Chairman, to meet
some of the objections attempted to be raised by
the gentleman from Ohio to the Senate bill. In
order that the committee may more fully undcr-
. stand the points of difference between those bills,
| I desire the attention of members while I refer to
the language of the bills themselves. The Senate
bill provides for the payment of supplies, as fol-
lows:
For the payment of supplies, transportation, personal
seivices, &e., £L*,000,000 • Provided, That all claims there-
for, arising from contracts pieviously made by competent
authority, shall be paid upon the presentation of proper
voucheis; but if not so contracted for, they shall be settled
upon terms ot equity and justice, at pi ices not exceeding
the highest lutes pievalcm m that country at thru time, to
be ascertained by purchases made for the regular service ;
but no claim for -services rendered to volunteers after they
were mustered out of the service shall be allowed, nor shall
compensation be made for the services of any person in
more than one capacity for the same time. And all claims
