1104
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 21.
of the Army. They were men of experience and
probity. They state in their report that they trav-
eled extensively over the country, and that in
cases of doubt they took testimony; and they
awarded what, from their own personal knowl-
edge and from the testimony which they took,
they believed that justice required at the hands of
the Government.
Now, Mr. Chairman, we are not here stickling
for the report of that commission being sanctioned
by Congress. We have heretofore fought for that
report, and contended that it was nothing more
than justice to our people that Congress should
give validity to the conclusions of that report.
Such was our demand at the last Congress. Such
was our demand at the last session of the present
Congress. But, as my ftiend from Oregon has
stated, we have concluded to be satisfied with the
report of the Military Committee in the Senate,
and with the Senate bill. How can any gentle-
man make objection to the basis of that bill? We
do not ask now that our volunteers shall be paid
more than the pay of the soldiers of the regular
service, although we think it would be but simple
justice to pay them according to the awards of
the commissioners.
But if there beany point in the argument of the
honorable chairman of the Military Committee in
slating that the Senate should have discriminated,
not in the matter of pay, but in the matter of sup-
plies, it moans this: the Senate having done in-
justice in the one case, it ought also to do injus-
tice 111 the other. Mr Chairman, we are very glad
to have justice even in one case. We did protest,
and vehemently protest, against the injustice of
fixing the pay of volunteeis and for supplies at
the rates allowed in the substitute of the House
committee. 1 shall not go into the tepoit of the
Third Auditor except to state that, in his award,
he litis given us the advantage, not of the highest
piice paid in the legular seivice, but simply of
the average price; and a critical examination will
show that that average is in some cases nearly the
minimum. The Senate bill gives us the advant-
age of the maximum rates paid for in the regular
service. It is notorious that the regular seivice
111 Oregon did pay five dollars per bushel foroa's,
which was referred to by the gentleman fiom
Oliio as a mailt of the extravagance of the volun-
trer service. It did pay ovr one hundred dol-
lars a ton for hay. }3ut, Air. Clianman, it is not
worih while to consume longer the time ol this
committee My own physical strength will not
permit me to go on; and I close, asking the House j
to do justice to these claimants.
Air. STOUT. 1 will state to the Chair that the
gentleman from Ohio lias expressed a willingness
to withdraw his proposed amendment until we
take a vote upon the proposition oil'cied by the
gentli'ioan from Washington.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair jvill with great
pleasure accede to any arrangement the committee
may see fit to make. Under the lules, the first
question would ai lse upon the amendment of the
gentleman from Ohio, as an amendment to the
amendment pioposed by the Committee on Mili-
tary A flairs. If, however, the chairman of that
committee is willing to withdraw his amendment,
and there is no objection on the pait of the com-
mittee, the Chair will fust piopouud the question
on the substitute of the gentleman from Wash-
ington.
Mr. STANTON. I am perfectly willing that
that course shell be taken, though I confess that
I do not sec any advantage to be derived on his
part by having the vote taken on his amendment
at this particular moment. ]f I withdraw my
amendment, 1 suppose it will again be in order
after Ins has been disposed of.
The CHAIRMAN. It will be in order
Mr. STANTON. 1 then withdraw my amend-
ment for the moment.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair supposes^that
even with the amendment of the gentleman from
Ohio withdrawn,undei the rule, he would be bound
to put the question first upon the amendment of
the Committee on Mihtaiy Affairs. The rule pro-
vides that the amendments submitted by a com-
mittee shall iirst be put.
Mr. STANTON. I understand the proposi-
tion of the gentleman from Washington is a sub-
stitute foi the amendment of the committee.
Mr. STOUT. It is.
The CHAIRMAN The Chair understands it
to be a substitute for the whole bill of the Senate,
amendment and all. If there be no objection,
however, he will put the question upon that sub-
stitute.
Mr. STANTON. I will suggest to the gentle-
man from Oregon, that my amendment to the
amendment of tlie Committee on Military Affairs,
had better first be disposed of by way of perfect-
ing that amendment. It does not affect really the
amendment involved at all, but it is necessary, 1
think, to perfect the amendment. I cannot see
any advantage the gentleman from Oregon will
gam by the course he suggests.
Mr. STOUT. I am willing the question shall
be takca upon the amendment of the gentleman
from Ohio, and then let the question come up be-
tween my amendment and that of the Committee
on Military Affairs.
Mr. STANTON. There will, I presume, be
no objection to my amendment at all.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 desire, before any vote is
taken, to offer a provision for paying whatever
amount shall be decided on, in bonds. That will
be necessary, whichever proposition 111 respect to
the amount is determined upon.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will suggest
to the gentleman from Ohio, that his amendment
will be more properly offered, after the committee
has decided which of these particular measures
under consideraton they will adopt.
Mr. SHERMAN. Very well; I will withhold
my amendment for the present.
Mr. 0L1N. I am extremely reluctant to utter
a word against this claim, which has now been
before Congress for the last five or six years. It
is an ungracious task to oppose a bill involving so
lai ge an amount against the Government, in which
so numerous a class are interested. I took occa-
sion , early in the session of the Thirty-Fifth Con- I
gress, to examine, with great care and industry, |
eveiy one of the now very numerous documents
in the Depcutments of this Government which
would throw any light upon the origin, the jus-
tice, and the nature of this claim; and were 1 not
constrained by an urgent sense of duty, arising
from the careful and patient investigation 1 have
given this subject, J should much prefer to give
my silent vote upon it. Out, sir, I am satisfied
that it is a claim which ought not to receive the
sanction of this Congress, and that, if acquiesced
in, it will lead to consequences most disastrous to
the Government. 1 have no doubt, after the most
thorough investigation, as 1 have said, and from
every source of authority upon which 1 could lay
my hands, that if a measure were now before this
House to indemnify the various Indiantribesupon
which these outrages have been committed, it
would stionglv commend itself to the equity and
justice of the Government.
These wars, in their origin, were wholly un-
provoked and wholly needless,and ill every sense
of the word an outrage. They weie prosecuted
in defiance of the General Government, and in
opposition to its authority. I might go into the
details of the correspondence, now on file in the
War Department, and show, fiom every variety
and source of information, that whatever may
have been the cause which provoked the first
outbreak, however justifiable or unjustifiable the
cause may have been, if the Governor of the
Teiritory of Oiegon had assented to the proposi-
tion that the four companies of militia called for,
and attempted to be mustered into the service of
the United States; if he had assented to that
proposition, the greater portion of this expense,
and the greater portion of this bloodshed, would
have been avoided. But if you will look thiough
these documents; if you will examine the cor-
respondence of the Governor of Oregon and the
Governor of Washington, 1 venture to say there
is not one woid to be found which, in the judg-
ment of this House, would be regaided as any
excuse for refusing to have those troops mustered
into the service of the United States. The refusal
of the Governor of Oregon to allow these com-
panies of militia to be mustered into the service
of the United States, was based upon the ground
that these people wanted to make war upon their
own account; that they wanted to pioseoute the
war either for the plunder or extermination of
these Indian tribes, in defiance of the General
Government; and therefore the companies called
for were not permitted to be mustered into the
service Now, I say, whatever may have been
the origin of this war, the fact that it was con-
ducted by the authorities of these Territories, in
defiance of the General Government, would con-
strain me to oppose the payment of the expense
of it by the General Government. The forces of
the General Government had been sent, and were
maintained there at great expense on the Pacific
coast, whose sole object was to preserve peace
upon the frontier between our citizens and the
various Indian tribes. The officers in command
of these forces were responsible to the Govern-
ment for the proper discharge of this duty, and
were eminently better qualified to perform it.
Mr. BURCH. In r&ply to that argument, I
send to the Clerk's desk to be read, a letter from
General Harney, who was then m command of
the army in Oregon.
Mr OLIN. The gentleman ought to know
General Harney was not in command in Oregon
at this time. I will hear the letter road, however,
if not too long.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Washington, D. C., January 21,1861.
Gentlemen: Your communication of the 19th instant
has been icceived. It infoims me ot'youi desire to obtain
my opinion "as to the fairness of the prices chaiged for the
supplies, transportation, &c., furnished by our tcllow-citi-
zens on account of tlie Indian war m Oiegon and Wash-
ington, in 1853 and 185G."
In answer to your request, I should be glad to submit a
much more detailed statement than this communication
can oiler m support of my opinions; but being now sepa-
rated fiom the command in Oregon, I could only obtain this
infoimation by a slow and uncertain piocess. You will
tlieiefoie, J tiust, excuse any omissions in this respect.
The first question to be piesented in relation to the war
in Oiegon ot 1855-56 must be : Was the action of the citi-
zens oi' Oiegon and Washington nccessaiy, m turniMung
men, supplies, transpositions, fccc., for tiie prosecution of
that vvai ?
To tfiis I leply, that the ciicumstances of their position
fmced upon the people ol Oregon and Washington, in
185.5-56, the action they adopted to pievent the Indians
liom destioymg then propeity, muidering their families,
and duving themselves liom the countiy. In the autumn
ot 18 55 theie was a simultaneous bieaking out of lie ice
hostilities in the whole countiy, liom Cahlomm to Puget
Sound The nuiubei of legular tioops at that time m tiiat
command was so few that several ot the military stations
weu* temporaulv held by the volunteer, while the ieeu-
lais weie m the held; and the citizens of Washington Ter-
litmy, in particular, weie compelled to assemble with their
lami'lies at btiong points and put themselves in block-houses.
ThchC building:-, aie to be seen th<ne to this day. As ad-
ditional evidence of tlie unpiotected condition ot that coun-
try m that war, and also that the citizens were not able to
eu[ic with it successfully, 1 retei to the campaign of 1858,
against the Indians of Oiegon and Washington, earned on
by two oi three thousand men, (iegulars,) under the com-
mand ot Geneial Claike.
The campaigns of 1855-5G-58 show that eo far from tbe
wai having been brouyhtabout by the asrgiessive acts of tbe
whites, thcie was a gtand coalition ot all the Indians to
duve the whites liom tin: country ; indeed, infoimation
subsequently obtained established the fact that this coali-
tion was formed (or this purpose.
Such was the state ot attans atter this campaign, that on
my amvulwith that command, I eonsideieditunsafeto re-
duce (he force then there, and made a recommendation to
that effect to the Government. The peace enjoyed in Ore-
gon and Washington foi the last two >e<us wih due to tbe
pioper distubution and maintenance of such a force withm
their hunts.
Second.'The necessity of the war ot 1855-56, on the part
of the people of Oregon and Washington, being admitted,
the question aiises as to the equitable adjustment of their
claims toi mm vices, supplies, See., dm nig the time they were
so engaged Congie^s lecogmzed these claim-', and deemed
it expedient and pioper to direct the Secietaiy ot War to
appoint a commission to investigate and lepoit upon them.
The duty \va« faithfully discharged by the commission, and
it is giatifNing to me to declare, that then decisions weie
as fan, ju^t. and equitable a« could be made. The inteiests
ot the Government, as well as the rights of the citizcns,
were never lost sight of in any case that came under my
observation. Tbe member of that commission I know
well, and I do not believe a more able one, for the duty as-
signed, could have been appointed. I shall therefoie take
tlie liberty ot speaking of these gentlemen individually.
Captain A. .1 Smith, of tbe fust diagoons, went to Cali-
fornia m 1847, with Geneial Kearny's command,and has
seived in eveiy part of that coast fiom San Diego. Califor-
nia, to Walla-Walla, m Washington Tcrntory. Hi.-* inti-
mate knowledge ot the lelative values of all the Army sup-
plies m the different paits of our countiy besides the Pacific
coast, rendered lum a valuable member ot the commission.
Captain llufu^ Ingall*, assistant quaiterma^ter United
States. Atmy, ha=? seived in Oregon and Washington ncaily
twelve \ear>. I coiisidf-r Captain Installs one ot the most
able disbursing officers iu the Aimy, whose energy and in-
telligence distinguish him m advancing tlie interests ot the
Government at all times and upon all occasions. Hisopm-
tons alone should have great weight m such amattei as the
Oregon war debt.
Mr. S. F. Grover, of Oregon, late a Representative in Con-
j gress, was a thud member ot the commission. Mi • Giover
i has been a citizen of Oiegon some ten veais, and was her
i firs-t tt^piescntative in Congie.-s. My personal acquaint-
ance with Mr. Grover has always been agreeable, ami T
found, tioni the leputation lie had established in lus State,
that his appointment on the commission was acceptable to
Iih political opponents.
