1106
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 21,
Company for the last seventy-five years. What
difficulties have they had with them ? Not any.
And there was no occasion for (Bffieulty here, if
any proper and just restraint had been exercised
over oar own population in their intercourse with
them.
In looking over the transactions of the Indian
department, I am convinced that the great, the
fatal mistake of our Government lias been in trans-
ferrihg the management of the Indian bureau from
the officers of the Army to another department of
the Government. I know that the general idea
has been that, to turn over these tribes to the ten-
der mercies of the Army, was indeed cruel; but it
■was the milk of human kindness compared with
■what they have actually received since the man-
agement of this department of the public service
has been taken from the officers of the Army. The
Indian now flees from your citizens to the soldier
for protection. Your Indian agents, as a general
thing, have been wholly onsuited to the duties im-
posed on them; and the first reform which is made
in that direction should bo to return the superin-
tendeney of these Indian tribes to the officers of
the Army.
It is with great reluctance that I have said any-
thing in opposition to these claims. It is an un-
gracious task; and had not my convictions been
thorough and earnest, based upon a most careful
and laborious examination of all the papers in
reference to these transactions, I would not have
opened my mouth. I am persuaded the bill has
no merits m itself; and I am persuaded that it is
setting an example of the most pernicious char-
acter, and one which will entail upon the Govern-
ment endless expense and endless wars.
Mr. STEVENS, of Washington. I desire to
occupy the floor about five minutes. In reference
to the origin of the war, I say first, that it was
not caused by an attack made upon the Indians
by white men; but exactly the reverse. It was
the regular troops which were first engaged in tins
war; and the volunteers came into service incon-
sequence of a requisition of the officers in com-
mand of those regular troops.
Mr. OLIN. Mr. Chairman, I am told that my
language was so understood that I am supposed
to have insinuated that the gentleman from Oregon
[Mr. Stout] was, in some way, interested in this
measure. I certainly never intended to say so,
and am wholly unconscious of having conveyed
or intended to convey such an idea.
1 understood the gentleman fiom Oregon to say
that not fifteen per cent, of these claims were
owned outof the State of Oregon. I merely made
the remark — which every lawyer will see the
force of—that he could not possibly know that,
unless he owned the claims, because he could not
know who owned them, when they had been
transferred, and to whom. 1 certainly did not
mean to imply by that that the gentleman was in-
terested in any way in this measure, or had said
• or done anything unbecoming a gentleman, in any
way.
Mi. STOUT. I wish, in justice to myself,
and in explanation of the remark 1 made at that
time, to say, that my information is based upon
a most intimate acquaintance with the people that
I represent. 1 know them all.
Let me say, further, that no Representative
upon this floor, or at the other end of the Capitol,
has any pecuniary interest whatever in this claim,
diiectly or indirectly, whatever opinion may be
entertained to the contiaiy. Foi my own pait,
1 have a ptusonal interest m ihis measure; for,
pei haps, one of the nearest objects to my heartat
this time is to secure the passage of this measure for
my people. Tint is the only interest I have in it.
Mr. ST EVENS, of Washington. My friend
from New York has referred to the Indian treaties
as a cause of this war. I might answev him by
asking, were the people of those Teiritoi'ies re-
sponsible for the treaties? Those treaties were
made by order ofyour Government, in consequence
of appropriations made by Congiess, and by com-
missioners appointed by the President himself.
But the official records show that the military
officers in that country favored those treaties, and
urged their ratification; and it seems to me that I
might with safety rest the vindication of those
treaties, and the charges growing out of them
against our people, upon the emphatic testimony
of the officers in command in that quarter. My j
friend also referred to the Yakifnas.. I stated that t-j
there was no official report pointing to any specific
outrage upon those Indians. There is none. But
it is notorious that those Indians murdered, in cold
blood, many men whom I know to have been
sober and discreet men; and it was in conse-
quence of those outrages that a force, under the
command of Major Haller, was dispatched against
those Indians, and lie was overwhelmingly de-
feated .
My friend also referred to the Walla-Walla
country. I can speak from intimate personal
knowledge in relation to all those facts. Those
Indians were not friendly, but hostile. It was
%'ell understood at the time, all through Oregon,
and by all the friendly Indians, that the Walla-
Wallas and Cayuses were hostile. I, myself, had
great difficulty in making my way through those
Indians; and had it not been for the Oregon vol-
unteers, I and my twenty-five men would have
been engaged in a conflict with seven hundred In-
dians, who had sworn to cut us off. These things
are all matters of official record. I appeal, then,
to every gentleman present, tmd to the entire
country, whether the charge that our people have
provoked these Indian wars is not, not only mon-
strous, but absurd? They are flesh of your flesh,
and bone of your bone. They left these plains
and slopes on the Atlantic, crossing the mountain
barrier and the unsettled wilderness, to carve out
homes for themselves on the Pacific coast. It is
like a fratricide striking at the heart of his brother
for you to charge these men, who have gone to
the western eoast, with having been transformed
into hyenas and beasts of pray. That is all I de-
sire to say.
Mr. HASKIN. This Oregon war debt bill is
a big thing.- The Treasury of our Government
is now bankrupt. Six States are not represented
upon this floor or upon the floor of the Senate.
Ellis have been urged before this House and in
the Senate of ten times more importance to the
immediate interests of the country than this; and
I suggest that, in point of time, the consideration
of this bill, let alone its passage, is entirely out
of place. Therefore, sir, 1 move that the com-
mittee do now rise; for I know that there are a
number of gentlemen who desire to speak in op-
position to the passage of this bill. I move that
the committee rise.
Mr. STOUT. I trust that the committee will
not rise.
Mr, WASIIIiURNE, of Illinois. What will
be theeiTectif the committee now rises ? Will this
bill be the special order hereafter >
The CHAIRMAN. That will depend a good
deal upon the language of the resolution by which
this bill was made the special order. If this bill
was made the special order for to-day, and from
day to day until disposed of, it will continue to
be the special order.
Mr. STOUT. The special order was confined
to this day.
The CHAIRMAN. The Clmir understands
that the spccial order was only for to-day. If,
then, the committee rises without disposing of
the bill, it will have to take its chances hereafter.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. Will it bo in order
to move to amend the motion of the gentleman
from New York, so that the committee shall rise
and report the bill?
The CHAIRMAN. That amendment is not
in order.
Mr. STANTON. Give us a vote in the House
by yeas and nays.
Mr. SICKLES. In what position will the bill
be, if the committee, now rises?
The CHAIRMAN. It will be on the Calen-
dar, like any other bill.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask the
gentleman from New York to let the bill go into
the House, where we can have a vote on it by
yeas and nays.
Mr. HASKIN. I would be happy to accom-
modate the gentleman from Illinois; but there are
several gentlemen here who desire to propose ad-
ditional amendments. There are one or two amend-
ments that 1 desire to propose myself.
The question was taken on Mr. Haskin's mo-
tion; and the committee refused to rise.
The question was then taken on Mr. Stan-
tont's amendment; and it was agreed to.
Mr. HASKIN. I offer the following amend-
ment:
jProvided, That said amount shall bo paid by ami with
the bonds belonging to the Government of the United States
lately abstracted or stolen from the Department of the In-
terior, as particularly detailed in the report of Hon. Isaac
N. Morris, lately made to this House.
Now, Mr. Chairman,! desire to say that I favor
theadoption of that amendmentin all seriousness.
This Government is, to-day, bankrupt.
Mr. STANTON. I rise to a question of order.
It can Scarcely be in order to move an amendment
of that character.
Mr. HASKIN. Why not? It is negotiable
paper in the market. The Government is bank-
rupt to the extent of flOO,OOO,OO0.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair cannot see pre-
cisely why the amendment is not in order. A
proposition to pay in bond's of the Government
would be in order, and a proposition to pay in
any particular bonds is in order.
Mr. PRYOR. I suggest to the gentleman from
New York that the bonds which he proposes to
apply to the extinguishment of the Ore'gon war
debt do not belong to the Government, but to the
Indians,and were only held in trust by the Gov-
ernment.
Mr. HASKIN. The bonds referred to in my
amendment belong, I trust, to the Government;
though, perhaps, the question as to innocent hold-
ers might intervene, and lawyers might say that
innocent holders should be protected.
But, Mr. Chairman, this Oregon war debt is an
old soldier. It has been before Congress ever
since I have been here. I recollect very well that
General Lane made the passage of this bill his
hobby. I can very well understand why mem-
bers of the Senate from Oregon shoufd be on the
floor of this House urging the passage of this bill.
Mr. STOUT. I rise to a question of order. I
wish to know to what proposition the gentleman
from New York is addressing himself?
Mr. HASKIN. I am addressing myself to the
amendment which I proposed.
Mr. STOUT. I understood the Chair to rule
that amendment out of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair ruled that it
was in order. The question whether this is a
proper mode of paying the debt or not, isanother-
qucstion. The question here is whether the com-
mittee have a right to order it to be paid in this
mode. The Chair thinks it has. Whether it will
do so or not, is for the committee to decide.
Whether the committee will order it to be paid in
moonshine, is a matter for the committee itself.
Mr. PRYOR. If the Chair will allow me, there
is a difference between a proposition'to pay in
moonshine and a proposition to pay in other peo-
ple's money—to dispose feloniously of the prop-
erty of others. These bonds belong to the In-
dians. The property is none of ours.
The CHAIRMAN. That is a question as to
the propriety of the adoption of the amendment.
It is not a question relating to parliamentary ap-
plicability.
Mr. HASKIN. I was about to say, Mr. Chair-
man, that this Oregon war debt is an old soldier.
It has been the hobby of General Lane and Sen-
ator Rice. I can well understand that the gen-
tlemen who represent Oregon in the Senate of the
United States should feel a deep interest in the
passage ofthis bill. Itmaybe that their election
depended upon its passage at this session of Con-
giess. I did myself the honor to vote against the
admission of Oregon as a State, because I was
satisfied that she did not, when she was admit-
ted , contain a population of twenty-five thousand
people, and I do not believe that she contains
that population to-day. If this Government is,
by subsidies of this kind, to purchase into this
Union, and to keep in it, new States—like the
State of Texas, for instance, which threatens to
go out of the Union whenever she sees fit—then I
say it is time that Representatives here should set
their faces against this kind of special legislation
to further the interests of politicians. Now, sir,
it is a well known fact that General Wool, the
second officer in command of the military forces
of the country, as pure, as brave, and as good a
man as lives, has repudiated in toto the whole of
this Oregon war debt.
I ask, Mr. Chairman and gentlemen, whether,
at this crisis in the affairs of the country, we will
increase the value either of United States stocks
or of State stocks, by the passage of such a spec-
ulative bill as this ? .It is true that certain claims
have been audited by the Auditor. Now I desire
