146
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 19,
HOUSS OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, December 19, I860.
The House met at twelve o'clock, ra. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Tiiomas H. Stockton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
CORRECTION OF THE JOURNAL.
Mr. FLORENCE. 1 desire to have the Jour-
nal corrected. 1 yesterday presented, among
other papers,a petition from Mr. William Wheeler
Hubbell, of Philadelphia, in regard to the present
condition of the country, and the questions agitat-
ing it. That petition was referred to the special
committee of thirty-three,along with the proceed-
ings of a public meeting held in Philadelphia,
and propositions submitted l>y myself. It does
not seem, however, that the Journal shows Mr.
Hubbell's petition to have been so referred. I
am not surprised that there should have occurred
this omission, from the fact that there was so
much confusion in the Hall when I presented
these papers, and an opposition to them which
has characterized no other similar proceeding.
I do not know why such a spirit should have been
manifested, unless, indeed, it was called forth by
the loyalty of the city of Pi iladelphia.
The correction was made.
CONTRACTS FOR PUBLIC BUILDINGS.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the Secretary of the Interior,
transmitting, in compliance with the resolution
o£the House of Representatives of April 16,1838,
copies of contracts entered into by the Commis-
sioner of'Public Buildings during the current fis-
cal year; also, a statement giving the names of
bidders, and the prices at which it is proposed
to do the work contemplated by said contracts;
which were laid on the table, and ordered to be
printed.
ADJOURNMENT FOR TIIE HOLIDAYS.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I offer the
following resolution:
Resolved, (the Senate concurring,) That when the two
Houses of Congress adjourn tu rnonow, they adjourn to
luceton the — day of January, 18ol.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. I desire to ask
the gentleman from Illinois whether the statement
made i3 true, that the Senate passed a resolution
of this kind yesterday ?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I under-
stand thai the Senate has not passed a resolution
of this kind; but I presume it will concur with
the House if we should pass this resolution. 1
have left a blank in the resolution for the day to
wluch the Houses should adjourn.
Mr. McPHERSON. I objuct to the reception
of the resolution.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I do not
suppose that a single objection can defeat this
resolution. 1 understand that a resolution of a
similar character has been held by the Speaker
to be in order as a privileged question.
The SPEAKER. The Chair supposes that
the resolution is a privileged one, and is in order.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Then I pro-
pose to fill the blank with the words " Monday,
the 6th," so that it will read:
Resalmi, (tlie Senate concurring,) That when the two
Houses of Congress adjourn to-morrow, they adjourn to
meet on Monday, the 6th day ot Jaituaiy, 1SG1.
Mr. EITHER! DGE. I move to lay the reso-
lution on the table.
Mr. DAWES called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 77, nays 74; as follows;
YEAS—Mems. Charles F. Adams Adrain, Allen, Bab-
bitt, IJeale, Blake, Bocock,Bra}toiu Burch, Kurnhnm, But-
ter/kid, Catry, Case, Clemens, Cobb, Colfax, Conkling.
CovodP, Co*, Curtis, Dawes, Del,mo, Dunn Edward*
Ellieiidgej, Fenton, Gilmer, Gooch, Grow, Gurlev, Hale!
Hattnn. NnnvH   "t.
Kean, McKeuty, McKniglit, MePlierson, Million, Mont-
(joinery, Edward Joy Morris, fsaae N. Moins, Noi lt, Pen-
dleton, I'ettit, Poiter, Pottle, Edwin R Reynold*, John fl.
Wmsfow—"
NAV'S—Med<r*. Gieen Adam5?, Aldtieii, Alley, William
C. Amk'r-on. Avor>, Barksd'iJe, Barr, Barrel, Bolder,
Branch, ISuffmtoii, John B. Clark, James Craig, Burton
Craiae, John G. Davis, De Jarnette, Duel!, Edmundson,
EnglUl), Florence, Foster, French, GartreJ}, Hall, J. Mor-
rison Harris, John T. Harris, llapkin,Hickman, Ilindman,
Holrnan, William Howard, Hughes, IJutehni?, Jackson,
Jenkins, Jones, Landrnm, Latrabee, James M. Leach,
Leake, Lougnecker, Love, Lovejoy, Ulaclay, IMaflory,
Maynatd, McClernand, MiHward, Laban T. Moore. Nib-
lack, Nixon, Phelps, Potter, Pr>\r, Q.uarles, Reagan,
Riggx, James C, Robinson, Sedgwick, Sickles, William N.
fj. Smith, Stevenson, William Stewart, Thomas, Train,
Underwood, Ellihu B. Wat-liburne, Israel Washburn, Web-
ster,Wiutele>,Windom, Wood, Woodson,and Wright—74.
So the resolution was laid on the table.
Before the vote was announced,
Mr. Q.UARLESstated that his colleague, Mr.
Nelson, was absent on the committee of tliirtv-
three.
Mr. KILGORE said he had paired off with Mr.
Crawford.
Mr. BRANCH stated that his colleague, Mr.
Ruffin, wasdetamed at his room by indisposition.
Mr. SIMMS said he had paired with his col-
league, Mr. Burnett.
Mr. COCOCK. Before I cast my vote, I de-
sire the attention of the gentleman from Illinois,
who offered this resolution, ton suggestion which
1 have to make. As 1 understand It, a difficulty
litis arisen 011 this side of the House, in relation to
ihe resolution the gentleman hasoffered, in regard
to the* eff'ct which u will have upon the power of
the committees of the House to sit during there-
cess. Some of us are of the opinion that, if the
resolution is adopted in its present form, the com-
mittees of the House, including the select com-
mittee of thirty-three, will have no power to sit
until the House again meets. I think that the
resolution, in its present form, is liable to that con-
struction, but it maybe changed in form so as to
accomplish the objectthe gentleman has in view,
and also to meet this difficulty.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I will say to
the gentleman from Virginia that if the resolution
is not laid on the table, I will withdraw my de-
mand for the previous question, and allow the
gentleman to offerany amendment which he may
suggest. I ask the gentleman, then, to allow the
vote to be announced upon the motion to lay the
resolution on the table.
Mr. BOCOCK. I just wish to finish what I
was going lo say, and then the gentleman from
Illinois may modify his own resolution. I was
going to say that while, if the two Houses ad-
journ by joint resolution, the committees cannot
meet during the time of the adjournment, if this
House lake a recess for two days at a time, the
committees may then meet during such recess the
same as if the House continued in session.
Now, the suggestion I have to offer to the gen-
tleman from Illinois is this: the House, under
the Constitution, has not the power to adjourn
over for more than two days at a time, without
the consent of the Senate. But if we obtain the
consent of the Senate, we may adjourn over for
more than two days at a time, and the committees
of the House may continue in session as if a re-
cess had not been taken. If the gentleman from
Illinois would accomplish this object, he may do
it by substituting a resolution somethinglike this:
Resolved, (with the consent of the Senate,) That when
thi* House adjourns to morrow, it adjourn to meet on the
Gth day of J.inuaiy next,
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask that
the vote may be announced.
Mr. BROWN (not being within the bar when
his name was called) asked leave to vote.
Objection was made.
Mr. BINGHAM (not being within the bar
when his name was called) asked leave to vote.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, objected.
Mr. FOUICE (not being within the bar when his
name was called) asked leave to vote.
Mr. HASICINS objected.
The vote was announced as above recorded.
TISHKITOMAL BUSINESS.
Mr. GROW. To-day and to-morrow have
been set aside for the consideration of territorial
business. I have been appealed to by a number
of gentlemen to postpone the special order until
some future time. And, inasmuch as we have
information being prepared by the Census bureau
which ought to be before the"House, I will now,
if there be no objection, move that the special
order be postponed, and that the second Tuesday
and Wednesday of January be set apart for the
consideration of the territorial business.
There being no objection, the motion was re-
ceived, and agreed to.
LEGISLATIVE, ETC., APPROPRIATION DILL.
Mr. SHERMAN, from the Committee of
Ways and Means, reported a bill mafeino- appro-
priations for the legislative, executive, alid judi-
cial expenses of the Government for the year
ending 30th of June, 1862; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee of the
Whoie on the state of the Union, and ordered to
be printed.
PUBLIC LAND EXPENSES.
Mr. SHERMAN also, from the same commit-
tee, reported the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Jlesohed, That the Committee on Public Land'' he in-
structed to inquire and report whether any of the offices of
surveyor general can be discontinued without detriment to
the public service.
THE UNION QUESTION.
Mr. EDMUNDSON, by unanimous consent,
presented a preamble and resolution offered nt a
large mass meeting of the people of Botetours
county, Virginia, December 10,1860; which were
referred to the select committee of thirty-three.
NEW MEXICO MILITARY.
Mr. OTERO, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced the following bills; which were severally
rend a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs:
A bill providing for the completion of the mili-
tury road from Telecote to Albuquerque, Terri-
tory of New Mexico; and
A bill providing for the completion of the mili-
tary road from Albuquerque to Dana Aud, Ter-
ritory of New Mexico.
DEFICIENCY BILL.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the bill of the
House (No. 866) to supply deficiencies in the ap-
propriations for ihe service of the fiscal year end-
ing June 30, 18C1, be made a special order in the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the rules bo
suspended, and that the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole
on the slate ol the Union, (Mr, Bocock in the
chair,) and proceeded to the consideration of the
deficiency appropriation bill.
On m >tion of Mr. SHERMAN, the first read-
ing of the bill was dispensed with, and the read-
ing of the bill by clauses, for amendment, was
commenced.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am instructed by the Com •
mittee of Ways and Means to offer the following
amendment:
After line sixteen, insert as follows :
Tu enable the f.uperintendent of the Capitol extension
to pay lor labor, materials, See., for eanying out tlie resolu-
tion of tlie House of Representatives of the 20th of f'ebru-
aiy, 1800, $'2,500,
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means further to report the
following amendment:
Add, at the end of the hill, ns follows :
For tlie completion of the cu-torn-house ami post office
at the eitv of St. Louis, and for fitting up and furnishing the
same,. 13,000.
Mr. Q.UARLES. Iam opposed to that amend-
ment, and / suppose it is not necessary forme to
ofter an amendment to enable me to state my
objections.
There are all over the country, in my own town,
in Charleston, m New Orleans, and all over the
United States, custom-houses and post offices
exactly in the condition of this one at St. Louis.
Why, then, is it that that point is singled out as
an exception to all the others? If we arc to make
an appropriation for the completion of this build-
ing at St. Louis, why not make like appropria-
tions for all the other points? If the condition of
the Treasury is such as to prevent us from making
appropriations to complete all these buildings,
why single out this building as an exception?
The Government has purchased a site for such a
building at the city of Nashville, in the State of
Tennessee, for which the public money has been
paid, but upon which no building has been erected.
