148
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 19,
seven hundred and thirteen Africans have be,en landed at
Monrovia froJn aboard of iter. For us, the Colonization
Society, as well as for Liberia, this is ail alarming and an
embarrassing state of things. In less than four months,
ttorty-fccvon hundred and eighty-one wild Africans have
been landed in Liberia, viz: fromKey West, eight hundred
and ninety-one; from slaveis Storm King, six hundred
and sixteen; Erie, eight hundred and sixty-seven *, Cora,
six huudred and ninety-four, and Bonita, seven hundred
and thirteen. We have received information which leads
as to expect that many more will soon be landed. When
the Cora left the Congo river, and the Bonitalcft Pnntsida
Lenha, there were in the baracoons between five and six
thousand slaves waiting for vessels; and the vessels were
on the coast, lying off and on, waiting for a chance to run
 n and take the people aboard. The United States incn-of
war on that station are all wide awake. They have begun
to understand the subject, and to feel the influence of the
prize money. We may therefore expect to hear of other
captures by the very next arrival from the coast. Under
these circumstances, Mr. Secretary, what is to be done i
We have now on onr hands, and have had for from two to
throe and a half months, thirty-seven hundred and eighty-
one people to clothe and feed and take care of, and we
have received but $27,203 33 fiorn the United States for
their benefit. For the last two cargoes no contract has been
entered into, and nopiovUion made. In these times of
commercial distress and financial embarrassment, it can-
not be considered reasonable or right that we should pro-
vide tor tln'^e people for nothing. Our Liberia population
is small and feeble at best. To-have nearly lout thousand
savages thrown in upon thern, is an oppression which they
ought not to be called onto endure. They might justly
protest against it. And you will allow me to say that, un-
less the United States does speedily make provision for
those already landed, as well as for others who may here-
after be landed, I, in the name of Liberia, being fully au-
thorized to represent her, and we the American Coloniza-
tion Society, shall be compelled toprotest against any more
Reinglanded in Liberia. £ beg to call your attention to this
subject at once. The welfare of the recaptivcs themselves,
as well as the safety and happiness of.Liberia, demand that
immediate and ample piovision should be made tor tho>>o
already there, and that we should be enabled to provide
somewhat in advance for others who may be landed.
I have the honor to be, most respeetiully, your obedient
servant, _ W. We LAIN,
Jnnanciul Secretary .American Colonization Society.
Hon. J. Thompson, Secretary Interior.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is manifest, whatever
may be the objection to t3ie present law in infer-
ence to the African slave trade, that we must
make prompt provision for the rescued negroes
already returned to Africa, and we ought at once
to pass this appropriation. It is improper and
wrong to throw the whole buidcn of supporting;
them upon the Colonization Society, when there
is no money appropriated to enable the President
to carry into effect the contracts already made
with that society.
Mr. JONES. I would suggest to the chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means, that if he
wants to suppress the African slave trade, he had
better repeal the law of Congress of last session,
which authorizes all these recaptured Africans
to be supported, at so much a head, by the Colo-
nization Society. The law now in existence is,
I think, a permanent one,and authorizes the Pres-
ident to make "an arrangement with the Coloni-
zation Society to take care of those persons. Such
a contract has been made, and we pay the Colo-
nization Society an enormous sum to take care of
the class of persons referred to. Therefore you
make it for the interest of that society to have the
Africans recaptured, in order that they might be
paid, and paid liberally, for taking care of them.
1 say to those gentlemen upon the other side of
Use House, who are so anxious to suppress the
African slave trade, that they put a law upon the
statute-book last session which will increase that
trade more than any other measure which has
been adopted by this Congress; for it is manifest,
that the more Africans there are recaptured the
more money the Colonization Society will get.
Therefore they will send out persons purposely
to recapture these Africans, in order, when they
are brought in, they may get pay for taking care
of them. And I do not wonder at the remarks m
the letter of the secretary which has been read
here. He does not care how many are captured
from now to doomsday. i
I say to gentlemen* if they are sincerely de-
sirous to suppress the African slave trade, abol-
ish the law under which the Colonization Society
receives so much money for taking care of these
recaptured Africans. For? so long as that act
stands, that society will send out men to capture
Africans, that they may be turned over to them.
Mr MAYNARD. Can the chairman of the
Oomnut^e of Ways and Means tell us what was
f,he regular appropriation for the current year?
Mr. SHERMAN. I think it was $350,000.
Mr. MAYJNARP- That is my recollection;
and this amendment proposes to supply a defi-
ciency of $900,000—'nearly a million more for this
item of expenditure-—•$!,150,000 for the present
year, four hundred and fifty thousand dollars
are inifnticipation of captures to be made before
the next fiscal year. I do not propose to discuss
this question at length at this time, though I may
seek an opportunity to do so before the close of
the present session. I have not before me the
documentary matter to which I would invite the
attention of the House. But I will piesentoneor
two facts in connection with this subject, import-
ant to be known and considered. The slave trade,
so far as I know, is not carried on between this
country and Africa. Iamnotawarethatbutasingle
cargo of slaves has for many years been landed in
the United States—I allude to the cargo of the
slaver Wanderer. The slave trade, practically, is
carried on between the coastof Africaand the island
of Cuba, and perhaps one or two other points in the
possession of Spam. England has a treaty with
Spain, by which the latter Government is pledged,
for the consideration of §20,000,000, according to
my recollection, to put an end to the slave trade
within her dominion. Great Britain can enforce
that provision of the treaty at any time she pleases
so to do, and so shut up the ports to which slaves
are carried to be sold. And it is utterly futile for
any apologist of that powerful Government to
say that, if she chooses to do so, she cannot, with
her police of the seas, close such ports to-morrow,
or at as early a time as her inclination may
prompt.
Moreover, England has, in addition to that
portion of the coast of Africa under her own ju-
risdiction, treaties extending all along that vast
continent closing that portion of the world to the
African slave trade. So, then, if she chose to
enforce those treaties, she could close the mar-
kets to which slavers resort to make their pur-
chases. But by her connivance, not to say her
participation, this traffic is permitted to be car-
ried on, and the United States Government, by a
treaty stipulation which she has entered into,and
by the propositions which are made to her from
time to time by the British Government, is made
to play the part of police to capture such of those
Africans as she may be able, at an expense to
her of upwards of a million dollars a year. Jt
is an attitude which we ought not to assume. It
is a position our Government ought not to oc-
cupy; and it is one which the members of this
Congress ought to take steps to change promptly,
effectually, and efficiently. If good faith is not
to be observed in this matter by the British Gov-
ernment, the less we have to do with her the bet-
ter for our national reputation and for the cause
of humanity. Unless I am greatly mistaken,
since the adjournment of this present Congress
in June last, a proposition has been directly and
officially made by the British Government, through
Lord John Russell, to the Secretary of State, to
enter into an arrangement with that Government
to organize and carry on the cooly trade, for the
purpose, avowedly, of furnishing labor to the
tropical portions of the world.
A resolution was introduced at the last session
of Congress by a gentleman from South Carolina,
whom I now see in his seat, calling upon our
Government for information as to the disposition
that the Government of Great Britain makes of
her recaptured Africans. If my ear did not deceive
me, a response to that resolution was made early
this session, and it was ordered to be printed. I
have not seen the document. I shall read it with
a great deal of interest, for it has struck me that
it is a subject entitled to consideration. What
becomes of those persons ? In the operations of
the British cruisers on the African coast, so far,
slavers are never capturcd when going into a port,
but only when coming out of port with their slaves
on board. What the reason is, I know not. It
may be that if a slaver is captured while going
into port, the vessel itself alone becomes a prize;
whereas, if she is captured when coming out of
port with slaves on board, a premium is given to
the captors of twenty-five dollars a head for each
slave on board. Hence it is the direct interest of
the vessels that are stationed on the coastof Africa
to let slavers go into the ports and get their car-
goes in the baracoons, and then capture them as
they come out. What becomes of those captured
Africans? Where are they taken? We are told
that they go as apprentices to the British colonies |
in the West Indies. Does that apprenticeship
ever terminate ? What is the limit of it ? What
are the terms of it ? What is the end of it ?
I do not propose, Mr. Chairman, as I said in
the outset, to enter at large into the discussion of
this question at this time; but certain it is that
this appropriation now asked for by our Govern-
ment is one that ought to make us pause before
we grant it. A quarter of a million dollars at the
last session was supposed to be ample for all the
exigencies of this service. Nearly four times that
amount is now asked as a deficiency; and if Eng-
land and Spain are in this manner to connive at
the carrying on of the slave trade between the
coast of Africa and the Spanish colonies, to say
nothing of the English colonies, this Government
ought simply to say, " Hands off; we will pro-
tect our own coast,and keep our skirts clear in the
matter; but beyond that we do not choose to inter-
pose. "
Mr. PRYOR. Do I understand the honorable
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means
to say that the faith of the Government is pledged
for the amount designated in the amendment?
Mr. SHERMAN. Contracts have been made,
I think, if I understand the report of the Secre-
tary of the Interior, for three of the cargoes. For
the fourth cargo—the Bonita—no contract has
yet been made. The four cargoes already cap-
tured will consume §450,000. The remaining
$450,000 is estimated upon conjectural captures
to be made between the 15th Eiecember and the
1st day of July next.
Mr. PRYOR. Mr. Chairman, so far as the
faith of the Government is already engaged, of
course I am obliged to vote the appropriation; but
I do think, from the papers produced by the hon-
orable chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means, that it must be obvious to every mind
that we should revise and reform the system on
which we are acting. What do we find ? We find
that already the Government is taxed $1,000,000
a year for the subsistence of these captured Afri-
cans. Wefind that there are now dependent upoii
the Treasury of this Government in Africa three
thousand persons. Wefind that cases of capture
are increasing in a geometrical ratio. Now, who
knows what enormous appropriations may event-
ually be required under the operation of this sys-
tem ? Who knows but this is a contrivance by
which this Government is to be burdened with the
support of the Government of Liberia? Who
knows, as suggested by the honorable member
from Georgia, [Mr. Jones,] but there is some
connivance, some arrangement, by which, in the
shape of these appropriations for the suppression
of the slave trade, the Colonization Society is to
bo fastened upon this Government?
Now, sir, I am as averse as any gentleman to
the. prosecution of the slave trade. I would not
relax, but, on the contrary, I would confirm and
enforce every enactment for the suppression of
that trade. Still, I do think that, in tne prosecu-
tion of this enterprise we should,consult our own
exigencies. There is one consideration which I
should imagine would appeal with decisive force
to gentlemen on the opposite side, and that is, a
suggestion for which I am indebted to a para-
graph, apparently authentic, in the newspapers,
to tfte^Jfect that this promising Republic of Li-
beria is hi the extremity of being; swamped by the
AfrlSanstoijfipitated upon its bosom through the
agency olfohis Government. Now, I demand of
those gentlemen that they give the Republic of
Liberia a fair chance to illustrate the capacity for
self-government which they claim for the African
race. Do not oppress them by the presence of
cannibals from the dominions of Dahomey.
In every aspect, I do think, then—and I submit
it to the honorable gentleman from Ohio himself—
that we must change our policy. Can we not
do something? Last year I suggested, without
much thought, the idea of adopting the policy
already practiced by the Government of Great
Britain, and that is the policy of reducing captured
Africans to a quasi-slavery—a species of appren-
ticeship. I have thought much upon the subject
since; I have read somewhat upon H, and 1 a.n
only confirmed in the idea I then advanced. I
will cordially support whatever measure the gen-
tleman from Ohio may propose having in wnv
the suppression of the African slave Lade, with
a due regard to the propriety of our position, with
a due regard to tne necessities of our now ex-
