1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
nm
term has expired; and that Cornelius C. Felton,
of Massachusetts, whose term has expired, be
reappointed.
-The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate, ordered to be engrossed for a third reading,
read the third time, and passed.
JEAN A.-B. PAUTI5RIYJ3.
Mr. CRITTENDEN, I move now to take
up the bill (H. R. No. 583) for the relief of the
heirs and legal representatives of Jean A. B. Dau-
terive; a bill that 1 have often moved, but it has
been displaced for several mornings. I hope it
will now be taken up.
Mr. GAVIN. I certainly do not wish to inter-
fere with the Senator from Kentucky; but I made
a motion some time ago, which was only laid
aside for reports of committees. I want to take
up the post route bill, and ask for a committee of
conference.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. If I could give way to
the gentleman without prejudice to my right to
the floor, though I have last several mornings in
succession, 1 would do it.
Mr. GWIN. I will assist the Senator to get
up his bill hereafter. I have examined it, and
am in favor of its passage; but there is an im-
portant bill on the table, which has been there for
some time. On that 1 want to ask for a commit-
tee of conference.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. If I yield, I shall lose
the floor altogether.
Mr. GWIN. 1 had the floor on this matter
this morning, and only gave way for reports.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I hope the Senator will
allow me to go on. I have been displaced three
or four mornings.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senatorfrom
Kentucky moves to take up the bill (II. R. No.
583) tor the relief of the heirs and legal represent-
atives of Jean A. B. Dauterive.
Mr. "WADE. Jf this is a bill that is going to
be discussed for a great while, I think we had
better not take it up; but go on with the general
business. I do not believe wo can get through
with many of these private bills. I suppose it is
a short case; but I do not know anything about
it. If it is to lead to discussion, I shall be opposed
to taking it up now, because, it seems to me, we
ought to be getting through with the public busi-
ness.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I can state for the infor-
mation of the Senate what tiie bill is, without
saying a word as to its merits one way or the
other; and then Senators may judge for them-
selves what time it will bo likely to take. It is a
bill that proposes to confirm the title to some-
thing like half a million acres of land in the State
of Louisiana, and to provide that where thatJand
has been heretofore appropriated by the United
States to the State or to other purposes than the
use of the persons for whose benefit it is to be
confirmed, they shall be at liberty to locate it on
any lands uf the United States that have been
surveyed and are held at $1 25 an acre in any of
the other States. That is what the bill proposes.
It is one of those titles 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair must
interrupt the Senator from Maine. The hour of
half past eleven o'clock having arrived, it is the
duty of the Chair to call up the special order for
that hour. It is the bill (H. II. No. 299) for the
payment of expenses incurred in the suppression
of Indian hostilities in the State of California.
That is the business now in order.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I may move to post-
pone that; and I do so, for the purpose of taking
up this bill for eonsiflerafion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator will
excuse the Chair; he is mistaken in the hour.
He observes that it was half past twelve, and not
half past eleven o'clock for which House billNo.
299 was made the special order. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Kentucky, to
take up the bill indicated by him.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I do not want to take
up the time of the Senate. If I am rightfully in-
formed—I do not understand the quantity, except
from information—instead of the tract being half
a million acres, it is less than half that amount.
Is a bill of this sort never to be acted on, because
gentlemen may choose to discuss it? That can
be no reason for not considering it. I hope it will
be taken up and considered, and discussed until
gentlemen are tired of discussing Jt. The threat
of discussion, 1 hope, will not prevent the Senate
from taking up and considering this bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 can only say that the
bill stands very late on the Calendar. There are
forty, fifty, or more bills, which have been on
the Calendar for sometime, that are befol*eit;and
if there are any rights, about the matter, they are
quite as much entitled to be taken up and consid-
ered as this bill.
Mr. WADE. Would it be in order for me now
to move to postpone all other orders, with a view
to take up a bill ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is a motion
pending now to take up a bill.
Mr. WADE. I know there is; but would not
my motion be in order to supersede that by an-
other bill ?
Mr. CRITTENDEN. And then I could make
another motion to supersede that with another
bill; and so on without end.
Mr. WADE. I do not know how it is; but if
I can make such a motion, I wish to do so. If not,
of course 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
hear the motion of the Senator from Ohio.
Mr. WADE. I move to postpone all prior
orders, including the motion now before the Sen-
ate, and to take up the House bill in relation to
the postal service, which is the unfinished busi-
ness of yesterday morning.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Ir occurs to the
Chair that that is not in order. The question is
on the motion to take up the bill indicated by the
Senator from Kentucky,
Mr. COLLAMER. I desire to know what
that bill is.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary will
again read it by its title.
The Secretary. A bill (H. R. No. 583) for
the relief of the heirs and legal representatives of
Joan A. B. Dauterive.
Mr. HALEe I shall vote against this motion,
for the reason that I think the post route bill,
which hos been here for about a foitmght, on a
motion for a committee .of conference, ought, in
justice to California, to betaken up. I shall vote
against everything else until that is taken up.
T*he motion of Mr. Crittenden was not agreed
to; there being, on a division—ayes 1G, noes 25.
POST KOUTE BILL.
Mr. GWIN. I move that the Senate proceed
to the consideration of the post route bill. I have
moved for a committee of conference. It can be
disposed of in a few moments, I have no doubt.
It has been here on the table for three weeks.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. This is the 22d of Feb-
ruary; and I move that the Senate do now ad-
journ. The House of Representatives have ad-
journed.
Mr. FESSENDEN called forthe yeas and nays,
and they were ordered; and being taken, resulted
—yeas 21, nays 23; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Brty.nd, Btgl^r,"Bragg, Bright, Clin?nmn,
Crittenden, Don^la^, Fitch, Green, Hemphill, Hunter,
Johnson of Arkansas, Johnson of Tormes;-ee, Kennedy,
M.i^on, Nicholson, Pearec, Polk, Powell, Rice, and Wig-
fall—21.
NAYS—Mps«rs. Anthony. Baker, Bingham, Cameron,
Chandler, Claik, OoUamcr, Dixon, Doolitlle, Durkee, Fes-
senflen, Foot, Foster, Grimes, Gwin, Hale, King, Lane,
Latham, Moruli, Scbn-tiai), Simmons Sumner, Ton Eyck,
Tiumbull, Wade, Wilkinson, and Wilson—28.
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill (H.
R. No. 714) establishing certam post routes is
before the Senate upon the amendments of the
House of Representatives to the amendments of
the Senate.
Mr. LATHAM. Mr. President, when the dis-
cussion upon this question terminated last Mon-
day, I was calling the attention of the Senate to
the fact that the object, which my colleague stated
to the Senate was'to be attained by referring the
pending disagreements between the Senate and
House of Representatives upon this overland mail
route bill, could not be attained by referring it to
a committee of conference. He stated that the
Post Office Committee of the Senate, of which he
is now acting chairman, were not satisfied that
the service could be performed for the sum of
$800,000 per year, as provided m the amendment
of the House of Representatives to the bill.
Now, sir, I hold that a committee of conference,
if this is the sole object of its reference to tliem^
will be just as unable to obtain the desired inform-
ation as the Post Office Committee itself is now;
We can never ascertain whether the service can
be performed for any amount that you embody
in the bill, unless it is a greater one tfoan; this
body is willing to vote, until you have received
the proposals, opened the bids, and seenwhat-the
large number of contractors throughout the coun-
try are willing to do- in relation 'to this^subject;
and, therefore, by the mere reference of this ques-
tion (if that is the sole and only object) to a com-
mittee of conference, we shall be no better off than
we are now. The contractors who are in this
city, that might be brought before that committee
of conference, are certainly not the only persons
in the country who woula bid for a proposition
involving the sum of $800,000 per annum for a
period of four years; and even if every contractor
who is here, engaged in carrying the mails, should
say that he would be unwilling to carry it for that
sum, and that it was impossible to do it, it would
not, to my mind, be conclusive on the subject.
But this was not the only difficulty the commit-
tee had-. It was but one of a series of difficulties
presented to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads of the Senate, that they were incapa-
ble of solving. When this bill was brought into
this body three weeks ago to-day, when it lay
upon the table, a motion was made by some one
that the post route bill be referred to the Com*
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads. My
colleague, at the time, not happening to be in the
Senate, I asked that it might lie on the table, be-
cause I thought this body was in full possession,
from the arguments they had had o"n previous oc-
casions, of all the facts relating to the overland mail
service, and just as capable of settling it as that
committee. To my gratification, on the follow-
ing day, two weeks ago last Saturday, my col-
league made a motion that we concur in the amend-
ments of the House of Representatives to this
bill. The bill lay in that condition; it never was
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads of the Senate; but it lay fof two weeks
without any action whatever being taken upon it.
Why? The Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads of this body had before them a new
and original proposition—a proposition offered,
as 1 have been informed, by all the members of the
committee with whom I have conversed, by my
colleague himself—proposing to consolidate the
central route with the Butterfield line, terminate
the latter, and have butone route across the coun-
try. That proposition I have before me, a copy
of which I got from a member of the committee;
and I will ask the Clerk to read it, in order that
the Senate may be in full possession of the exact
condition of this bill.
The Secretary read, as follows:
Jlnd be it further enacted, That the Postmaster General
is hereby authonzed and directed to modify the contract on
route No. 12578 
Mr. COLLAMER. Let me ask if that is the
Butterfield route?
Mr. LATHAM. Yes, sir; route No. 12578 to
the Butterfield route.
Mr. HALE. I would ask the Senator from
California, what was his statement in regard to
that which is being read ?
Mr. LATHAM. I said that was a copy of the
amendment that was before the committee for
their consideration, offered by my colleague, on
which they could not come to a final agreement.
Mr. HALE. I want to inquire if that is in
order. It strikes me that it is contrary to the
rules of proceeding.
Mr. GWIN. I should like to know how the
Senator from California got the inchoate proceed-
ings of the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads ?
Mr. COLLAMER. The Senator has that read
as part of his remarks.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot in
the ehair.) What is the point of order raised by
the Senator from New Hampshire ?
Mr. HALE. That the discussions or proceed-
ings of a committee are not in order to be brought
before the Senate, either to be debated by a mem-
ber or by Senators generally.
Mr. LATHAM. I was not aware that there
was any secrecy connected with anything which
occurred before a committee of this body, of a
