1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
im
e stefe of
^onuftman
hausted Treasury, and with a due regard to the
condition of these negroes themselves.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
The commutec rose informally ;and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, a message was received
from the Senate by Mr. Hickey, its chief Clerk,
informing the House that the President of the
United Slates, on the ITtli instant, approved and
signed an act to amend the fourth section of the
act for the admission of Oregon into the Union,
so as to extend the time for selecting salt springs
and contiguous lands in Oregon. Also, that the
Senate had ordered the printing of certain docu-
ments, of which he was directed to inform the
House of Representatives. Also, that the Senate
had passed the bill of the House making appro-
priations for the payment of invalid and other
pensions of the United States for the year ending
30th June, 1862, without amendment. And also,
that the Senate had passed the bill of the House
making appropriations for tire support of the Mil-
itary Academy for the year ending 30th June.
1862, with an amendment, in which lie was
directed to ask the concurrence of the House. /
DEFICIENCY BILL—AGAIN.
The Committee of the Whole on the
the Union then resumed its session.
Mr. SHERMAN. In reply to the gentleman
from Virginia, [Mr. Pryor,] I will simplysay that
the Committee of Ways and Means have under
consideration an appropriation for the next year
of $900,000, and itis probable that that committee
may report some modification of the law in re-
gard to the slave trade; at least, propositions of
that kind are pending before the committee: but
we suppose that it would be impossible for the
committee to mature, or Congress to pass a law
soon enough to affect the expenditures to accrue
before the 1st of July next.
With regard to the colonization system, it is
not compulsory upon the Republic of Liberia,
nor is it compulsory upon the Colonization So-
ciety,to undertake the care of these negroes. The
President of the United States can, under the law,
make a contract with anybody to take care of
them; and if the Commonwealth of Liberia deem
these Africans a burden upon them, they can re-
fuse, as a matter of course, to receive them, and
tin Colonization Society can refuse to enter into a
contract. That is a sufEcientanswer to that por-
tion of the gentleman's remarks.
Mr. BURNETT. ( ask that the amendment
proposed shall be read.
The amendment was again read
Mr. BURNETT. Would it be in order to move
to amend the amendment?
The CHAIRMAN. An amendment to the
amendment is in order.
Mr. BURNKTT. Then I move to am ad by
striking out " $900,000, ' and inserti- in lieu
thereof" $450,000. * At the last sessi.-i of Con-
gress, {, together with other gentlemen, voted for
the act passed to amend the act entitled " An act
in addition to the act prohibiting the slave trade."
At that time 1 thought the act would be humane
in its provisions, and that the plan proposed would
be the best means that could be adopted foi dis-
posing of the Africans captured and brought to
our shores. There were at that time, I believe,
or shortly before, some twelve hundred slaves on
the coast of Florida, at Key West. I am now sat-
isfied that the act of last session is not only inhu-
mane m its provisions, but is actually cruel. The
report of the Secretary of the Interior shows that
among the Africans who were sent back to the
coast, of Africa, the mortality on board of our ves-
sels, crossing and returning, was about fifty per
cent.
The Psesidentof the United States was directed
to make a contract under this act with any party
he mi?,lit seject, for the pm pose of returning these
Africans, and having them taken care of, at the
price of £100 per head; and he might, m his dis-
cretion, continue that contract for a period of five
years. The act also appropriated $250,000 for the
purpose of eairyinj', it into effect. Prior to the
passage of tha: at t, «ind at the same si ssmn of
Confess, wo had also appiopviated $40,000 in
adiknor, vn<t!;in<;, in all. s;29U«OOw. We are now
J up- - i to appropuaie an additional sum of
but we are informed by the chairman
of' the C"H;mittec of Ways and Means that only jj
£450,000 of that amount is actually needed at
prescin, and that the faith of the Government is
pledgt d to the payment of that amount, growing
out of the act of Congress, to which 1 have re-
ferred. Now, I am willing to vote the money
which wc actually owe, and which, as was well
remarked by the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr.
Pryor,] the Government is pledged to pay. But
I am unwilling, at this time, to vote another dol-
lar under this act. The act ought to be amended*/
and the only course that this Government can
pursue, which would be, in my judgment, wise
and humane, is, that when Africans are captured
and brought to our shores, the apprenticeship
system, as adopted by England in regard to her
colonies, should be adopted by us. It would
certainly tend to elevate the character of those
barbarians landed on our shores; and not only
civilize them, but give the philanthropists of this
country, who are so fond of the negro, an oppor-
tunity of christianizing them. Wc do not render
their position any better by the course pursued
by the Government; and yet we are called upon
not only to expend $900,000 for this year, but to
make an additional appropriation of $900,000 for
the fiscal year ending 30th June, 18G2. This has
becomc a profitable branch of commerce. Wc
now not only pay to thisColonization Society $100
per head—the President being authorized to con-
tinue the contract for live years—but wc also,
under the existing laws, pay to the ships' crews
that capture these Africans, a bounty of twenty-
five dollars per head. We are thus encouraging
instead of suppressing the African slave trade;
and I think that the wisest course to be pursued
by the committee would be to reduce the appro-
priation to $450,000, the amount suggested by the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means;
and tht-n let us amend this law.
Mr. CRAWFORD. It seems to me, Mr. Chair-
man, that there is no difficulty about settling this
question. It has been up for the last two or three
sessions of Congress. Thcgreat mistake has been
in the construction of the law of 1819. In all
probability the sum of £450,000, as suggested by
the gentleman from Kentucky, is enough for the
purpose required. According to my construc-
tion of the act of 1819, the President of the United
States has no power whatever to support and
maintain these Africans one year after they have
been returned. The difficulty is that the Presi-
dent has born authorized to make a contract for
that purpose. The law of 1819 looks to the sup-
port and maintenance of those Africans who are
captured and brought into American ports, until
they are returned to Africa; but there is not one
solitary word or line of the act of 1819 that can
be tortured into a construction allowing for their
support and maintenance for one year after they
are returned to Africa. 1 defy the ablest lawyer
in this House, or elsewhere, to show that there
is any reason or justice requiring, on tiie part
of the American Congress, an appropriation of
$900,000 annually for the support of these Afri-
cansafrer they shall have been returned back. I
admit that they are to be supported while they arc
retained here,and then they are to be returned to
Africa and delivered there to an agent.
Br? it has been implied that because of the use
of tl. 'So words, " d- iivered there to an agent,"
the law requires that the Government of the Uni-
ted States shall support them for a certain time
thereafter. 1 do not hold to any such construction
of the v.w; and I think that,under a proper con-
struction of the law, we can avoid the support and
maintenance of these Africans for one yeai after
they are returned home. If theie were any rea-
son or piopnety in our supporting them there for
a year, I should not have any objection to doing
eo. But the truth is, that there is so much oppo-
sition in the House and in the country, south as
well as norih, to the reopening the African
slave trade, that whenever there is objection made
to the payment of money for the support of these
captured Africans after "their return to their own
country, that objection is construed by many at
the North into the manifestation of a disposition
on mil pat t to rcopt n the African slave trade.
Thai i." not true. I have no idea (bat ilion are a
hundred men in th>' State of Georgia to-day who
nro in or of reopemnrr the African slave trade.
And yei, because of Hie fart that there aie some
men in that State who have Ireim chaiged with
being -tinged in the slave tradc—I do not know
whether they were or not—whenever it is insisted'
on the part of their Representatives in Congress
that money should not be appropriated for tfto
support of these Africans a year tfff-er -they Pre-
sent home, there is a general indignation aroused
against the African slave trade, and the money is
voted out of the Treasury contrary to law. • That
is the whole state of the case. *
Let us construe the act of 1819 aright. Lettka
look at it as lawyers. Let us look at it as men*
of sense. Examine that law; and you will find
that the captured Africans are to be supported*
and maintained while in this country, but not in
their own. Give it that construction, and then
the amount of money necessary to carry out the -
act of 1819 will be far less annually than is asked
for in the present bill. I shall never vote adollar,
either in this House or elsewhere, for the support
of Africansabroad; but I will vote every dollar that
the law requires for their supportand maintenance
while in this country, and for their return to their
own shores. I am satisfied that that is the true
construction of the law; and if those gentlemen
on the other side of the House who are no more
indignant at the reopening of the African slave
trade than are many gentlemen on this side, wHl
vote according to that construction of the faw,
there will be no difficulty about the amount of
money to be expended. I am very indifferent
whether you appropriate $800,000 or (900,000, or
any other sum. I simply desired to bring the
facts to the consideration of the House. * The
House may, for aught I care,\ote to support the
Africans twenty years. It is a matter of no sort
of concern to me. I believe that we should ed-
ucate and christianize them at the South much
cheaper than in Africa. The country is opposed
to it; and, being opposed to it, those of us who
are willing to give a fair construction to the law
are perfectly willing that the necessary amount of
money shall be expended to carry out the law con-
strued properly, and no more. I would not my-
self vote a solitary dollar more than is necessary
to support them while here.
These are the views which I have upon this
question. The House will, as a matter of course,
vote such an amount of money as they deem
proper—$900,000 or $1,900,000; and I would as
soon they should vote one as the other; because,
if it were proposed to appropriate $1,900,000, and
a gentleman in favor of reopening the slave trade
were to oppose it, they would raise it to $2,000,000.
Now, let us construe the law fairly; let us con-
strue it propeily; and then let us appropriate such
a sum of money as is necessary to carry it out
fairly, and no more.
Mr. COBB. \ suppose the question is now
upon the amendment of the gentleman from Ken-
tucky, [Mr. Burnett.]
The CHAIRMAN. Itis.
Mr. COBB. 1 suppose that upon that I cannot
properly speak to the amendment of the gentle-
man from Ohio, [Mr. Sherman.]
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will say to the
gentleman from Alabama that the debate not hav-
ing been closed upon the bill, any remarks perti-
nent to thesubjectofthe bill oreitheroftheamend-
ments will be in order.
Mr. COBB. Very well, then, I will appeal to
your experience, Mr. Chairman,to know whether
an amendment which I have now in my mind,
and am about to suggest, will be admissible? for
I do not like to throw away my ammunition with-
out effect.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair wdl state that
the amendment of the gentleman from Kentucky
being an amendment to the amendment, it is not
in order now to move to amend further.
Mr. COBB. Then I will suggest the amend-
ment which I shall be glad to offer whenever it
may be in order, and I appeal to your experience
and parliamentary knowledge to'know whether,
when the amendment of the gentleman from Ken-
tucky shall have been disposed of, it will be in
order as an amendment to this bill. You have a
law now in force, I believe, prohibiting the steal-
ing of slaves on the coast of Africa.
My object is to insert, as an amendment to this
bill, a provision which shall more effectually ac-
complish that object. I would provide that when-
ever a ship shall be capturea with a cargo of
negroes on board, the Africans shall he taken off,
and the vessel scuttled, and allow the officers,
crew, and all who are engaged in the unlawful
