1110
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 22,
fublie character. If there is, I withdraw this.
certainly would not obtrude on any privacy of
a committee; but I have never before understood
in this body that any great measure pending be-
fore any committee of the Senate was not open
to the investigation of every member of this body,
particularly when it interested his constituency.
Mr. HALE. I raise the question of order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
does not regard it as a question of order to be de-
cided by him as such. It is a mere question of
propriety,
Several Senators. Go on.
The Secretary continued the reading, as follows:
Sec. 18. Jind be it further unacted, That the Postmaster
General is hereby authorized and directed to modify tiie
contract for mail servicc on route No. 12578, so as to" pro-
vide, in lieu of the present service, for the transportation
of the entire mail tri-weekly overland between St. Joseph,
Missouri, or any other point on tiie Missouri river, con-
nected by railroad with the East and Folsom, California,
over the central route, and for the deli very of the entire mails
semi-weekly for Denver City and Great Salt Lake City:
providing by said modified contract that the entire letter
and newspaper mail shall be carried through in twenty
days, when the same shall not exceed six hundred pounds
in weight, and the remainder of the newspaper mail, if any,
and all other printed matter, shall be carried through 111
thirty-five days; but the contractors shall be permitted to
carry all printed matter by the steamship loute at their own
expense, at least semi-monthly, from New York to San
Francisco, the service to commence on thelst day of July
next, and to terminate on the 30ih day of June, 1863; and
the Postmaster General shall require said eontraetois to
run over said route a pony express on aiteinate days with
the mails, by which they shall transport, free of charge,
when required, mail matter not exceeding live pounds in
weight, and shall carry all letters or newspapers for the
public at a charge not exceeding fifty cents per quarter ounce
of weight; such express mails to be canied through during
six months of the year in eight days, and during the residue
of the year in twelve days. And the Postmaster General
is authorized and directed to pay said contractors for the
entire service above provided foi, out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated, the sum of • hun-
dred thousand dollars pel annum; and shall take from said
eontraetois a written release ot all claims for damages for
the mollification of said route No. and allow them
their present rate of pay while transferring tlictr stock and
material to said central route: Prodded, That if the said
contractors on route No. 12578 shall not, on or before the
15th day of March next, assent to a modification of their
contiact on the terms above provided, it shall bo the duty
of the i'ostmastei General to discontinue the mail ser-
vice on said route No. 1:3578, and contiact with the parties
now carrying the mails on route No. 8!)11 for the trans-
portation of flic mails tri-weekly over said central route,
and the establishment of a pony express on the terms and
considerations above specified, and for a compensation not
exceeding bundled thousand dollars p"i year; and if
the said contractors on route No. will, shall lefuso to enter
info such contract, then the Postmaster Ceneial .--hall ad-
vertise loi pioposals foi the perlbnnanee of said service,
and shall award the contract to the lowest responsible bid-
der furnishing ample guarantees of his ability and disposi-
tion to pel form such contract: Vrovidcd, Tliat the amount
ot his 1ml shall not exceed hundred thousand doliais
per } cm ; bids to be received until the 13th ot April next.
Mr. LATHAM. Now, Mr. President, the
Senate will see that here is an entirely new and
original proposition. The asking of a committee
of conference, when it is demanded, necessarily
implies' to the House of Representatives that flu;
Senate stands by the proposition which passed
upon the post route bill at the close of the last
session; that there is a direct disagreement be-
tween the two Houses relative to "the proposi-
tions respectively submitted by each that requires
a committee of conference, in order that there
maybe a reconciliation, if possible. I do not pro-
pose at this time to take up this amendment that
was debated by the committee. I have my ob-
jections to it. On the one hand, it provides hut
for a tri-weekly service across one route, while I
think llie dominant party of this country is pledged
to give to the people of that State a daily servicc.
"When we contrast it with the service under the
bill that 1 am here advocating—which gives a mail
six times a week over one route, and twice a week
over another, making eight times a week—there
is a very marked discrepancy.
What is to be done when yon get a -committee
of conference ? I ask Senators if it is not a clear
intimation to the House of Representatives that
the proposition that we put on the post route bill
at the close of the last session is the proposition
whichis acceptable to this body. When that com-
mittee is appointed and meet in session, if they
find they cannot reconcile the particular proposi-
tions now before the body, and this proposition
just read is brought forwaid, entirely new in its
character, and it is agreed to by the committee,
when that report is brought back to the Senate we
have no alternative but to swallow it, or to take
the responsibility of entirely defeating the post
route bill. The action of a committee of conference
is final. When their report is made, under your,
rules it is not amendable. The simple question
propounded to the body is: " Will you agree, or
will you disagree to the report of the committee?"
If you disagree, you may ask for a new cotamit-
tee, and so the same thing may be repeated.
Now, sir, what I want the Senate of the United
States to do is, itself to pass upon the question.
It is itself the best committee of conference that I
know of, on a great question like this. I know the
Senators from Arkansas want to be heard upon
the destruction of the Butterfield line. The Sen-
ators from Missouri, from Kentucky, from Ten-
nessee, are also directly interested in it. So, also,
are the Senators from New York, because the
stockholders of that line live principally in the
State of New York. So, also, are the Senators
from Ohio, for a portion of the stockholders live
there; and I certainly desire to be heard myself,
for a portion of the people of the State that I rep-
resent are interested in this contract. The entire
lower part of California, by such an amendment
as this, if the proposition should ever be brought
in here, are deprived of all mail facilities. There-
fore, instead of submitting this question to a com-
mittee of conference at this stage of the argument,
at this point of disagreement between the two
Houses, it is far better that the Senate should first
determine on the line of policy that it is determ-
ined to adhere" to, while the subject is within its
power and under its control, and then, if the other
House does not agree to its action, to ask for a
committee of conference. As yet, sir, wo have
come to no final conclusion, adopted no certain
line of action for us to pursue as regards this great
overland mail system.
The Senate will recollect that, upon the last
day of the last session, on motion, I think, of the
honorable Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Wilson,] the proposition as it is now in the bill
was agreed upon by the Senate. It was a dernier
resort. It was offered, after a long and protracted
struggle, to get something like a perfect mail sys-
tem between the Atlantic States and the Pacific
coast. What does that provide for? Over the
central route it authorizes the entire mail tq be
transported, and bids to be received to the 1st
day of December—that is, last December—the
service to commence on the 1st day of July, 1861,
and the amount is entirely left out. It then au-
thorizes temporary steamship service, to be dis-
continued upon ninety days' notice, and provides
for the payment of a sum of money not exceed-
ing $400,000 for that service, and leaves the But-
terfield route entirely untouched. That is the
proposition we sent, to the other House. During
the recess of Congress, events have occurred to
which it is unnecessary to call yourattention, for
they arc familiar to you all. The depressed con-
dition of our public Treasury, the condition of
affairs m our southern States, through a portion
of which the Butterfield line passes, a desire to
economize, have led a large number of the mem-
bers of this body to change their opinions in re-
lation to the postal service between the Atlantic
and the Pacific, and to follow the path of economy
upon the one hand and to look to the prospect of
future difficulty upon the other, and, if possible,
to concentrate and unite these hues, and have but
one great thoroughfare between the Atlantic States
and the Pacific coast.
If the Senate is determined to stand by its own
proposition, the amendment put on by the House
of Representatives, considering the above-named
causes, and these facts as 1 have stated them, is
far more acceptable. Why? Instead of §400,000
to steamships, it limits it to $350,000. Instead
of ninety days'notice, it requires but sixty. In-
stead of putting us afloat on the sea of bidders
and speculators, it limits the sum to $800,000, so
that under no circumstances can the amount for
carrying the mail between the Atlantic and Pa-
cific, supposing the Buttirfield line to remain as
it is, exceed §1,400,000; while upon the proposi-
tion we put on the bill it may be $1,400,000, it
may be less, but it still is within the category of
possibilities that it may run up to $2,000,000, for
there is no limitation whatever.
I desire to call the attention of the Senate, for
a moment, to the sum we are now paying for car-
rying the mail between the Atlantic States and
the Pacific coast, in order, if cconomy is your
object, that you may pursue that policy which,
while it economizes, will at the same time give
us better facilities than we now possess. You are
paying on the Butterfield line the sum of $637,000
per annum. The additional $37,000, not gener-
allly included in the estimate of its cost, comes
from carrying the mail between Comanche Springs
and El Paso, a portion of the old route (as the
Senator from New Hampshire knows very well)
running from San Antonio to El Paso. Thatser-
vice is a semi-weekly service. You are paying,
from St.Joseph to SaltLakeCity,twiceamonth,
$145,000. You are paying, from Julesburg to
DenverCity, once a week, $15,000. You are pay-
ing for the mail carried from Salt Lake City to
Placerville, twice a month, $33,000. That is, in
the aggregate for the land service, you are paying
$830,000. To that you mustadd the amount paid
to the steamships running from New York to
San Francisco, $350,000, and it makes a total of
$1,180,000 for the mail facilities between the At-
lantic coast and the Pacific. You have, for this
large expenditure of money, really but a semi-
weekly overland service; because the service that
now runs from St. Joseph, by way of Salt Lake
City, to Placerville, is for the advantage of no
person except those who hvfe along the line1 of
travel, and it certainly is of no advantage, either
in mail facilities or for any other known purpose,
to the people of the State that I represent. You
have a tri-monthly service by sea; thus making,
during a period of one month, for the Pacific
coast, but eleven mails; while the amendment
proposed by either of the bodies, the Senate or
the House of Representatives, would give a daily
service over one route, and semi-weekly service
over the other, making eight mails per week; sup-
plying not only that coast, but the large and ex-
tensive country lying between the Atlantic States
and the Pacific coast, now comprising your Ter-
ritories.
If the amendment put on by the House of Rep-
resentatives should be acceded to, what, I ask,
will be yourcondition? You will have increased
the expenditures that you are now paying but
$220,000 per annum. You will have a daily mail
service over the northern route, and a semi-weekly
service over the southern route, making eight
mails per week, while the increase of cost, as
against what you now pay, is $220,000 per an-
num, as I have just said. If the Senate say that
this is too much; that this is a larger sum than
they are willing to give; that, in the present con-
dition of the finances of the country, they cannot
give to the people of the Pacific coast, not in view
alone of their mail facilities, but to keep up a line
of travel and emigration, and bind that State to
the Atlantic States, such a large sum of money—
1 ask the Senate, if that is the opinion of a ma-
jority of this body, to determine itself upon the
lino of policy which it will pursue m concentrat-
ing those two lines and in diminishing this ex-
penditure. If I am met here by the argument
that there is a want of time, that there arc but a
few days to elapse, and that it is better to give to
three members of this body the details of a great
measure like this, I say to you, Senators, that by
so doing you let the matter pass out of your power
to make any amendment or modification; and the
report of that committee, when it comes back
here, will create just as much opposition as if you
considered it in the first instance yourselves. The
Senators who are directlv interested in this ques-
tion must be heard; and 1 would prefer that they
should be heard by this body, when it can modify
its action so as to meet their views and their in-
terests, rather than to give it to a committee of
conference, whose report is final, subject to no
modification; and we have either to agree or to
reject it.
Mr. President, I do not propose to occupy the
attention of the Senate. I simply wished to pre-
sent, in as brief a manner as I could, my views
in relation to this matter. I have always believed
that there would be supplemental legislation re-
quired if the amendments of the House of Rep-
resentatives were concurred in by the Senate; and
I believe that if this post route bill had been
pressed over two weeks ago to its passage, the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads of
the House and the Committee on Finance might,
by this time, have agreed upon some proposition
to unite these lines, or to curtail the expenses in
sumo way. doing justice to the contiactors—aomg
