1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
the law passed at the Inst session. That is the
construction which I deem the proper one in this
instance.
The simple question here is whether this appro-
priation should be made for the purpose specified,
namely: for comfortably clothing and maintain-
ing the persons of color received upon the coast
of Africa. I am answered by my friend from
Kentucky [Mr. Burnett] that it. were better not
to receive these Africans upon the coast of Africa
—that it were better not to subject this Govern-
ment to the expense of their conservation and
making their lives comfortable; but, on the con-
trary, that the better policy would be, under the
circumstances which surround us, and in view of
the historical events of the past, to at once em-
brace the English apprentice system, and adopt
these captured Africans as a part of our own pop-
ulation; to make them comfortable within oar
own midst. 1 deprecate this above all other pro-
ceedings. Cad, infamous,as is the African slave
trade, wretched as are its consequences, 1 would
provide some remedy for them. X would, beside
providing for the prevention of the slave trade,
seek to incorporate those who have been arrested
in the proper enjoyment of their natural liberty,
with their natural class—with those of their own
race and color, with those from whom they were
taken, and not with an incongruous population of
different and higher civilization, another order
of beings; for to introduce them into our midst
under cover of an apprenticeship system, or any
other system, for temporary or permanent uses,
would be, to a certain extent, to incorporate them
into our population. It would be adding difficul-
ties to that great problem which this country has
yet to n.eet—beyond the slave trade, beyond sla-
very in the South—what shall be done with the
free colored population of the free States or of the
slave States? a question of great m igmtude in its
dimensions, fearful in its proportions, and yet, in
the future, aS the vista of time discloses, to be
solved, and dreadfully solved, in blood. The two
races cannot live together. The two races are
antagonistic, and Christian civilization, with all
its benefits, will in the future but disclose that
that antagonism will be brought into irrepressible
conflict, and a war of races will begin with the
aspirations of the colored men to alter and benefit
their condition. I would vote for the appropria-
tion of $450,000, which is necessary now, for the
can eel me nt of existing expenses; and,as a meas-
ure of humanity, I would vote for $,450,000 more,
if it be probable, as it seems to me it may bo prob-
able, that in the future, before any further appro-
priation can be made, expenses to that amount
will have been incurred for the same purpose. J
think, therefore, that the amendment as it is
offered should prevail.
Mr. SHERMAN. Unless there is a disposi-
tion to take a vote, I shall move that the commit-
tee rise, for the purpose of closing debate.
Mr. JONES. I would like to have a separate
vote upon this amendment in the House.
Mr. SHERMAN. If it is the desire to have a
vole upon the amendment of the gentleman from
Kentucky in the House, I have no sort of objec-
tion to that.
Mr. BURNETT. I will, then, withdraw my
amendment, if the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means will give me an opportunity to
offer it and have a vote upon it in the House.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will do so.
Mr. REAGAN. I will ask the chairman of
the Committee of Ways and Means if he will
extend to me a like privilege?
Mr. SHERMAN. I cannot open the door to
every one.
Mr. REAGAN. Then I will offer an amend-
ment now.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have the floor.
Mr. REAGAN. The gentleman cannot pre-
vent me from offering my amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Ohio
had the floor for the purpose of moving that the
committee rise.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will yield the floor to the
gentleman from Texas, and them I will move that
the committee rise.
Mr. REAGAN. I move to amend, by insert-
ing the words:
No part of tins sum shall be applied to tile puppoit of
Alricans captured oa vetsels not bound to tlie United
States.
Mr SHERMAN. I rise to a point of order.
It is, that the amendment would change the ex-
isting law. The present law authorizes the Pres-
ident of the United States to pay $100 a year for
the support of all Africans captured by the naval
forces of the United States. This amendment, of
course, will limit the authority and change the
law.
Tlie CHAIRMAN-. I would call the attention
of the gentleman from Ohio to the uniform ruling
upon this point. A distinction has always beet)
held to exist between a provision which changes
the existing law permanently, and a restriction
merely upon one appropriation pending before
the House. Inasmuch as the amendment pro-
posed by the gentleman from Texas applies to
the manner in which this particular money shall
be used, and does not contemplate a permanent
change, the Chair rules that it is in order.
Mr. REAGAN. I ought to have said, in con-
nection with the other remarks I submitted, that
the Governments of Great Britain and France
have heretofore professed to take an active inter-
est in the suppression of the slave trade, and to
hold, before the world, slavery in great abhorrence
—a profession which, so far as the English Gov-
ernment is concerned, still continues to be made.
The object of my amendment is to place this mat-
ter in such a form as to see whether they arc sin-
cere in their professions; to place the policy of
Government, in reference to this matter,upon such
a basis as to test the sincerity of those Govern-
ments. When we recapture Africans we return
them to the coast of Africa. If that policy of our
Government is to be continued, I linve no objec-
tion to it, so far as it applies to those Africans
whose destination is the United States.
But I understand that when British or Ficncli
or Spanish cruiseis capture slavers, they consign
the captuted Africans to an apprenticeship which
amounts to slavery. They make a profit out of
the captured Africans, instead of carrying out
their doctrine of humanity, the importance of car-
rying out which tiny so earnestly imprt3s upon
us; while' oi-.r Government goes on in good faitlj,
and returns not only those negroes which are
taken from vessels bound to our country, butalso
all those taken from vessels of other cotmtriesand
trading between the coast of Africa and Cuba,
and othei dependenciesof Spam. Now, I do not
think it is just to put upon our country the bur-
den of returning those negroes and making pro-
vision for their support for a yeat,in cases where
our citizens are not engaged in the ti ado, or when
the negroes recaptured are not destined to the
United States. If this Government will enter into
an arrangement that Africans taken from vessels
bound to Cuba or Brazil or to any other foreign
country, shall be placed in the bunds of the au-
thorities of the Government from whose port the
vessel sailed, or to the Government to whose port
the negroes were being taken, to be disposed of
at their own expense, I shall have no objection.
Then those Governments would not be preaching
humanity to us, and speculating on the misery ot
the Africans for their own benefit.
I simply throw out these hints, because it seems
to me that facts have been developed which re-
quire that we should change the policy of our
Government. A1 v proposition would be the first
step to a change which would be beneficial in
many aspects. .
Mr. BINGHAM. It seems to me, Mr. Chair-
man, that the amendment of the gentleman from
Texas will operate—though not so intended by
him—to give a license to American vessels en-
gaged in the African slave trade bound to Cuba,
or any other point on the globe, other than the
United States, in which slavery may be tolerated.
Under the existing law, as has been remarked-—
and the genlleman from Texas is fully advised
of it—the Presiden t of the United States is author-
ized to direct the commanders of the armed ves-
sels of the United States to capture all American
vessels engaged in the African slave trade on the
coast of Africa, or anywhere else; to carry the
Africans back to the coast of Africa, and to bring
the persons engaged in the trade to the United
States for trial.
Mr. REAGAN. The genlleman from Ohio
misundei stands the scope of my amendment, if he
supposes that it gives any such license. It is
designed only to prevent the burden of supporting
these Africans being thrown upon our Gdv'crn-
ment, unless they were being, brought to our
coast. ' ■
Mr. BINGHAM. I understand that the amende
ment limits the application of the appropriation to
the support of such negroes as are taken on ves-
sels engaged in the African slave trade and bound"
to the coast of the United States. It follows, there-
fore, of necessity, that no appropriation will be left
to carry into effect the other provisions of the pres-
ent law. Therefore, it does strike me—whether
such a result is intended or not—that the amend-
ment operates as a license to American vessels-
engaged in the African slave trade, bound.to ports
other than ports of the United States, unless tb®
gentleman can show that the acts of 1819 and 1850
can be carried into effect without any appropria-
tion by Congress; which I doubt.
Mr. ICUNKEL. Mr. Chairman, I am reluc-
tant to participate in this debate at all. It has
been protracted so long that perhaps now the
members of the committee are fatigued, and desire
to hear no more upon the' subject. But I rise to
suggest to the committee the propriety of adopt-
ing the amendment proposed by tlie gentleman,
from Texas, [Mr. Reagan.] I am not informed
as to the express stipulations that have been made
by our treaties with foreign Powers in reference
to the suppression of the African slave trade,
I find in the Constitution of the United States—
which is to be our guide in voting money for this
purpose—that Congress, in the ninth section of
the first article, is thus invested with power over
this subject:
"The immigration or importation of such person" 0" any
of the Sutra now exiting shall think proper to admit shall
not be prohibited by the Congress prior to the yenr 1808;
but a tax or duty iriay be imposed on ?uch importation not
exceeding ten dollars for eaeli person."
The object, then, of the Constitution in vesting
power in this Government, by treaty or by law, to
suppress the African slave trade, applied exclu-
sively to this country and not to other nations.
The duty, therefore, of the Navy of the United
Slates, when employed for the purpose of sup-
pressing the African slave trade, should be, under
a strict construction of this instrument, exclu-
sively directed to the prevention of the importa-
tion or immigration of persons of the description
which, under the act of 1808, has heen by law
prohibited; and we should thus fulfill all of our
constitutional obligations and all the obligations
which this Government could have the power to
contract with other nations.
Sir, we have known, we have seen, it is mani-
fest and patent to every member of this House,
that the present laws, under the construction
which has been put upon them by the Executive
D. partments of the Government, have produced,
not the suppression of the slave trade, but, from
some cause or other, there has been a manifest in-
crease. Within thelasL two years,under theircon-
struction—i think an erroneous one—but which,
this House by law ratified at its last session, the
slave trade has increased, and there has been an
expenditure of money to meet this branch of the
public service far exceeding a reasonable, rational
amount for any Government to appropriate for
such a purpose. I doubt whether the chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means can assert,
of his own knowledge, that any other Goverp-
mcnt in Christendom is now taxed to the same
amount for captured Africans, in compliance with
their treaty obligations for the suppression of the
slave trade. Their management of captured Af-
ricans or barbarians is entirely different, as has
been suggested by the gentleman from Tennessee,
[Mr. Maynard,] from the policy adopted by our
own Government.
Mr. REAGAN. Will the gentleman allow me
to state a fact in that connection ?
Mr. ICUNKEL. Certainly.
Mr. REAGAN. I have been informed, al-
though I do not know the fact myself, that the
British Government has proposed to the United
State to take charge of our captured Africans,
apprentice them m the British colonies, and re-
lieve us of all expense. I am informed that that
is the fact.
Mr. ICUNKEL. Mr. Chairman, if the state-
ment of my friend from Texas be correct, here is
a feasible, a practical, a humane mode of reliev-
ing this Government of the care of the Africans
captured by our cruisers; here is an agetit ofier-
i i irtg to attitepl at buf fmrtiW these barbarous Am-
