152
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 19,
cans, and employ them, it is to be presumed,
properly; thus carrying out the provisions evi-
dently contemplated by any treaty stipulations,
which I am familiar with, between this Govern-
ment and any foreign Power. Why should not
England be the custodian of these captured Afri-
cans, instead of the Republic of Liberia? Why
sliould not England do it, who has been so zealous
in impressing,hotonly her own people, butcertain
sections of our own country, with the necessity
of stirring up this agitating question of negro sla-
very to the distraction and almost the destruction
of our Government ? She has been the principal
missionary in all of this anti-slavery and negro-
philanthropy agitation which is now disturbing
the peace of the country. She proffers to the
American Government to receive these captured
Africans and take them under her own kind nur-
ture. Why shouldwenotcommitthemtohercare?
Gentlemen upon the other side of the House are,
perhaps, in the habit of hearing, if they them-
selves do not utter, fulsome eulogies on the negro
philanthropy of Great Britain, chief among ten
thousand, the one who lias glcicd most in her
rabid abolitionism. Why not commit these Afri-
cans to her care for nurture and for education ? She
has paraded herself and made a boast of her ca-
pacity to civilize and christianize and liberalize,
though at the same time she tyrannizes over all
the nations of the earth. She sets herself now
on a pinnacle, proud, defiant, exalted,and claims
that all the nations of the earth shall look unto
her and take example from her teachings and her
practice. Give her the keeping of these barba-
rous Africans. Here is a feasible, direct, and
economical mode of getting rid of them. Why
not adopt it?
But, Mr. Chairman, while I am upon my feet,
I cannot help adverting to some of the remarks
of my friend from New York, [Mr. John Coch-
rane,] who addressed the committee in reference
te some of his peculiar notions of humanity. He
stated that perhaps the act of 1810 would admit
of the construction tlint, inasmuch as our vessels
and officers of the Government are authorized to
receive these barbarous creatures, it may be im-
plied by a fair construction and inference of law
that it is the duty of the Government to provide
for thuir maintenance and their education, and
for the conservation of life-; but while he based
his construction upon the idea of humanity, he
scouted the idea suggested by the gentleman from
Kentucky, [Mr. Beunett,] or some other gen-
tleman; that these captuied Africans should be
treated as the British Government treats those cap-
tured by her own cruisers; that is, taken into the
colonies among white people, whom he admitted
to be a superior race, and there held in apprentice-
ship until they work out a sufficient sum, not
only for their own maintenance, but to defray the
expense of sending them hack to their own coun-
try. He seemed to think that there was no hu-
manity in such a policy as that. I think there is.
I think it is a benefit and a blessing to an inferior
race, even to a race of barbarians, to be brought
in contact with a superior race. The idea ought,
therefore, not to be scouted. The example of
Great Britain can be cited to show that there is
some humanity in such ■> course, something that
shall commend itself to our approbation, or at
least to our deliberate consideration.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I merely rise to
set the gentleman rjght as to an error into which
I think he has innocently fallen. I did not doubt
the humanity of such a procedure as that which
he suggests; but 1 deprecated its adoption in view
of the more serious question which it would raise
—namely, by incorporating pro tanto the colored
race with a superior race, the question would be
presented what in future should become of that
inferior and degraded race ? That was the view
I took.
Mr. KUNKEL. They would be in the con-
dition whioh 1 think the Almighty, our common
Creator, as well as the founders of this Govern- I
merit, wisely detrimmed ih,u they should be put |
in; ami that j«, in <> c.-i „>non of subordination to :
the superior race, by a dental on the part of the i
constituted authorities of the country of their so- '
ciai or political equality. 1 think that the Jecm '
ion of tije founder of our Government, in determ- '
ining the condition of Africans, was wise, was |
proper, was based on experience of true govern- !
mental policy; and has bcei^ not an inhumanity, I
but a blessing to the inferior race. I know that
in these latter days it is the habit of the advocates
of Massachusetts humanitarianism to represent
that all this system is wrong. They do not pre-
tend to go to the Bible for instruction on this
subject. Some of its distinguished and honored
advocates—men honored with prominentpositionS
in both Houses of Congress—represent that the
enlightened patriotism a."d 'humanity of Massa-
chusetts exceeded the wisdom of the prophets
and apostles and martyrs, for the faitii of Christ-
endom, and that the time has come when we must
throw off not only the Constitution of the coun-
try but the ordinance of God himself. They set
themselves up to be some of the great ones of the
earth. They profess not to be as other men—
sinners by nature, sinners bypractice, and need-
ing repentance; but they authoritatively teach
their doctrines as though having a commission to
speak ex cathedra; and they have been, I regret
to say, the prolific source of all the political, social,
and religious evils now distracting our almost
ruined country. Massachusetts, whose soil is so
poor 
Mr. WASHDURNE, of Illinois. I rise to a
point of order. This bill is a special order in
committee, and the discussion must be confined
to the merits of the bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. KUNICEL. I am confining my remarks
to the merits pf the bill; and if I cannot bring it
to the apprehension of my friend from Illinois, I
am sure it is not my fault. If I am allowed to go
on uninterruptedly—as I very rarely disturb the
committee by intruding remarks of mine on their
attention—I think I will convince even him that
my remarks are pertinent and applicable to the
merits of the bill, and to the amendment offered
by the gentleman from Texas, which I am now
discussing. I said that Massachusetts, whose
soil is so poor, so sterile and stony, with the hard-
est rock, too, granite 
The CHAIRMAN. The point of order *:av-
ing been laised, the Chair must say that he tan-
not see how the remarks of the gentleman can be
pertinent to this bill. The discussion of Massa-
chusetts philanthropy, and of the general subject
of African slavery, can hardly come within the
.scope of a deficiency bill.
Mr. KUNKEL. I take pleasure, of course, in
deferring to the opinion of the Chair; and wiiJ,
therefore, suspend any furtherremarks about Mas-
sachusetts. I should like, however, to conclude
my sentence; because it would look awkward in
the Globe, if I am thus broken off in the midst of
a sentence; and the readers of the Globe would
not know how to account for it—whether it was
from the want of connection in the speaker, or
for some parliamentary reason.
I was about, as I thought, to pay a, tribute to
our poor sister, Massachusetts. I thoughtitwas
always in order, in a body representing a confed-
eracy of States, to speak of the confreres in terms
of eulogy: but it has been objected to on the other
side, and 1 have been called to order, and am not
permitted to indulge my desne of paying a just
tribute, whether of laudation or condemnation,
because it might be taken by some, perhaps, to
mean either.
I was about to remark, Mr. Chairman, and I
will bring what I have to say to a close, that it
does appear to me that the amendment propose d
by the gentleman from Texas deserves oui delib-
erate consideration. I assume, from the reading
of the Constitution of our count] </, which we are
ail bound to respect and support, that the duty of
the Government is nothing more or less than to
restrain by law the immigration or importation of
such persons as the act of 1808 prohibited from
being introduced into the country. Here is the
written la,,T by which we arelo be governed. If
the act of iolO be susceptible of the construction
that has been given to it by another branch of
thoGovcrnment; and if,under that construction,
the slave trade, m?te id of being suppressed, is
encouraged, 1 dunk it is our solemn duty so to
amend and construe that law as to lop "off an
expenditure whi.Ji I defy any gentleman in the
llouso to show ha.5 authority nuhe Co., >tUutioii. ;
The question wis taken on Mr. Reagan's
amendment; and u was not agreed to.
The question recurred on the amendment of
Mr. Sherman; and it was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the committee
do now rise, and report the bill to the House.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose: and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Bocock reported that the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
had had under consideration the Union generally,
and particularly House bill No. 866, to supply
deficiencies in the appropriations for the year end-
ing June 30,1861, and had directed him to report
the same back to the House with sundry amend-
ments.
Mr. SHERMAN. I promised to give the gen-
tleman from Kentucky an opportunity to offer his
amendment, if he desired to do so.
Mr. BURNETT. The amendment which I
propose is to strike out $900,000, and insert
$450,000.
Mr. SHERMAN. I now call the previous
question on the several amendments.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The first two amendments reported from the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
were respectively agreed to.
The question recurred on the third amendment
reported from the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, as follows:
To ?upp!v deficiencies in the fund heretofore appropri-
ated to enable the Piesident of the United States to carry
into effect the act of Congress of 3d March, 1819, and any
subsequent acts now m force for the suppression of th«
slave trade, $900,000.
To which Mr. Burnett offered the following
amendment:
Strike out $'900,000, and insert m lieu tiiereof $450,000.
The question being on Mr. Burnett's amend-
ment to the amendment,
Mr. BURNETT called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 67, nays 100; aa-follows:
TEAS—Thomas I.. Anderson, William C. An-
derson, Baik-ulaie, Bocock, Ponham, Boteler, Boulisny,
JJianeh, Brown, Burnett, John B. Clark, Clemens, Clop-
ton, Cobb, Jamc> Craiy, Burton Cr.iuje, Crawford, Cimy,
John C. Davis, I)c Jametto. EdmumKon, English, Flor-
ence. Garnett, Gaitrell, Gilmer, Ilaulcman, John T. Har-
i w, Ilindnian, Ilughes, Jackson, Jenkins, Jones, Laudnim,
Jatno- jH. Lead), Leake, Maclay, Mnlloiy, Mtiynaid, Mc-
Cleinand, McKenty, MeQ,ueen, MeRae. Labm T. Moore,
tfyilcilwnn Mooje, N.blaek, Noeil, Peyton, Pryor, Pugli,
Uu<pI.>, ti'mi-un. Kig^.J.nnevC. Robinson,Scott, Sickles,
Si .iirn<, William Smith, William N 11. Smith, Stalhvoith,
Steven; on, Jame.< A. Stewart, Stoker, Thomas, Under-
wood, V anco. and Wn^ht—67.
NAYS—Me^rs. Gieen Adam?, Adrain, Aldrich, Allen,
Alley, Ashley, Barret, Bingham, Bhur, Blake, Brigq<, Bnf-
finton, Buihnsrame, Burnhara, Butterli^'d, Carey, C'aiter,
Cas-e, Iloiace F. Claik, Clark B. Cochrr .■ , John Cochrane,
Colfax, Covode, Cox, Curtis, Dawes, Delano, Duel!. Gd-
geiton, Edwauls, Sliot, Etheridge, Fainswoith, Fenton,
Foster, Fouke, French, Gooeh, Grow, Gurlej, Hale, Halt,
IlUfkin, Ililrnuk, Hoard, Ho'mai), William IIowmmI. Ir-
vine, Junkin, Ftaneirf W. Kellogg, Kenyon, Kiljrore. Lar-
rabce, DeWitt C. Lcach, Lee, Looini-?, Lovejov, Chmles
D. Martin, MeKean, McKmght, McPherson, Millwn.d,
Montgomery, Mooshopd, Edward Joy Moiu.-i, Palmer, Pen-
dleton, Peuy, Pettit. Portei, Potter. Pottle, Edwin U.P^y-
nold-*. John li. Reynold-;, I?ice. Royce, Scranton. SiiCiruan,
Spauldtng, Spmnei, Stanton, William Stewait. Stout, Tap-
pan, Thayei, Thenker, Tompkins, Train, Trimble, Yal-
landigham, Vandevei, Veiree. Wade, W;)!dion, Walton,
Ellifm [}. Washhurne, Lsiacl Washbuin, Wib&iei, Wells,
and Wilson- -100.
So the amendment to the amendment was dis-
agreed to.
During the vote,
TMr. QlUARLES stated that bis colleague, Mr.
jNllson, was engaged on the special committee
of thirty-three.
] Mr. DAVIS, of Miss itjsippi, (not beinar within
the bar when Ins mime was eaiied,) asked leave to
vote.
Mr. GROW. 1 object. I think it is a very bad
practice for gentlemen to be allowed to vote when
they were not within the bur. I want my objec-
tion to stand as an objection to all such cases'.
Mr. KUNKEL asked leave to vote.
Mr. GROW. ^ I wish my objection to stand in
all such cases, without any respect of persons.
Mr. HILL said: I was absent on a matter of
importance, and 1 ask permission to vote.
The SPEAKER. Objection is made in ail \;cU
cases.
Mr. "WASHSURNjR, of IlEinou. I m'>ve to
dispense with the reading of the names.
The motion was agreed to.
The vote was announced as above Kcoidt d.
The question then recurred on the amendment
reported from the Committee of the Whole on the
