1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
have been engaged in actual service in the field.
Ko allowance is to be made for the services of any
person in more than one capacity for the same
time; and in auditing the claims for supplies,
transportation, and personal services, the same are
to be computed at prices corresponding, as near
as can be ascertained, to the rates paid for simi-
lar supplies and transportation furnished or ren-
dered to the United States Army in the same
country at the same time; and the Third Auditor,
as to all principles not expressly settlpd by this
act, is to be governed in auditing and settling the
claims by the principles adopted in his report
upon the claims of the-Territories of Washington
and Oregon, of the 7th of February, 1860, made
in pursuance ot'a resolution of the House of Rep-
resentatives, passed the 8th of February. 3859.
Whenever, in his opinion, the evidence in sup-
port of any claim forservices,supplies, and trans-
portation, is not sufficient to establish such claim,
or where he may have doubts as to the genuine-
ness thereof, he is to be authorized to require addi-
tional and satisfactory proof touching such claim,
or the value of the services rendered or supplies
furnished, before reporting such claim for settle-
ment and payment. Ko payment is to be made
for the expenses of any of these expeditions, if
the Secretary of War shall be of opinion that there
•was not a necessity for calling out the troops.
The acceptance of the indemnity provided by this
enactment is to operate as a final and complete
discharge and satisfaction of all claims or matters
referred to.
Mr. LATHAM. 1 will make a very brief
statement in relation to this matter. I know very
well that there is a great prejudice in this body,
and probably very justly, against the payment of
the debts of the Indian wars that have been got-
ten up by the western States. 1 will state that, so
far as the wars enumerated in this bill are con-
cerned, in no instance, I believe, were they pros-
ecuted without the express sanction of the State
authorities of California. Hostilities broke out
in differentportionsofthe State; requisitions were
made on the commanding officer of your army at
San Francisco by Governor Weller and his pie-
decessor, who responded that he had not a suffi-
cient force to protect the settlers from the hostil-
ities of the Indians; and the Governor of the 'State
then, in some cases at his own instance, in others
at the instance and by the authority of the Legis-
lature, ordered out volunteers, that the Indians
might be punished. The State paid the volun-
teers, the price of living being high, from thirty
to forty or fifty dollars a month; the officers got
from seventy-five to one hundred dollars. It was
impossible to find men who would enlist, unless
this vfas done. In three different instances the State
itself assumed the indebtedness. They found it
was going to cost more than the General Govern-
ment would probably be willing to recognize, if
bonds were issued, and therefore they paid the
money out of their treasury—over one hundred
and fifty thousand dollars of this sum. After the
other wars were prosecuted, a commission-was
appointed by an act of the Legislature, to inves-
tigate all the claims for purchases and supplies.
They underwent the most rigid scrutiny. When
they were passed upon, the bonds or certificates
of the State were issued, as evidences of indebt-
edness, that the State held itself equitably bound
to pay for these wars if the General Government
did not assume the debt; and that is its condition
before Congress.
This bill has undergone the supervision of the j
Auditor's department, and a letter is on file among !
the papers from the Auditor, stating that no bill I
could possibly be guarded more than the one under I
consideration. It reduces the expenses exactly j
down to what you paid the soldiers of your Army; ;
it allows nothing for transportation of supplies i
more than you have to give for the transportation ]
of your Army supplies; in other words, these ex-
peditions are brought down to the standard that j
theGovernmentwouldhaveliadto pay if ithacthad j
troops there sufficient to have itself protected the i
settlers from the invasions and hostilities of the \
Indians. In addition to this,.as a last guard, after i
the whole bill has undergone the strict rules laid !
down by the Auditor's office, and adopted in the ;
Oregon war debt, if the Secretary of War, from j
the evidence before him, is not satisfied that the !
expeditions were just and proper, and ought to |
have been undertaken, he is authorized to rcpu- I
diate the whole. 1 cannot conceive pf a. bill more
just, more fcomplelely guarded, and :more proper
in all its dotails.
Mr, COLLAMER. How much is the claim?
Mr. LATHAM. It does not exceed §400,000.
Mr. KING. The practice which has been con-
siderably extended in the Government, of paying
for these Indian wars, is one, in_ my judgment,
calculated to lead to extravagant expenditure.
The rule is not what it was at an earlier time,
and not what it ought to be. Gentlemen say that
this bill is remarkably well guarded; that it could
not be better guarded. In my opinion, it could
scarcely be less guarded. It is a simple propo-
sition to transfer this matter to the Department,
to autlit and pay whatever accounts are presented
here for these expeditions, at the rates that were
paid to the regular soldiers in California. The
suggestion that the Secretary of War may, if he
deems these expeditions to have been unnecessary,
reject the accounts, gives him no discretion at all.
These men went out to kill some Indians. I dare
say there may have been Indian depredations,
but it is now five or six years since they occurred,
and there should be some guard against the allow-
ance of extravagant accounts. • It seems to me
that the proper course would be, whenever any
depredations occur, for the State authorities to
call on the Federal Government, or its Army offi-
cers in the vicinity; and if the Federal troops can-
not go to the place where they are needed, then,
under some general sanction, the State must turn
out and defend itself. It seems to me that the
proper mode of presenting these accounts would
be to send them here, to let us see what they
are, and let Congress pass upon the amount, in-
stead of transferring that to some board or officer
of the Tieasury Department. There were claims
to the amount of $7,000,000 presented for the Ore-
gon and Washington Indian war. When the
accounts came to be examined, there were found
to be charges of the most enormous character; in
some instances men claimed to be paid for ser-
vice in two or three different capacities at the same
time.
The sums claimed for expenses of this kind are
enormous. Some four or five years ago, the State
of California, I believe, had over nine hundred
thousand dollars paul to her for similar claims. I
know that when General Wool was upon the
western border, he stated that there was no occa-
sion whatever for theState authorities to interfere;
that the Federal troops were ample for all pur-
poses of defense, if they had been called upon;
but that there was a desire for these military ex-
cursions and enterprises on the part of the popu-
lation; and that they were got up quite as much
for speculative purposes, and for fiolic, as for any-
thing else. Now, here is an account from Cali-
fornia, beginning with 1854 or 1855, going on for
some five or six years—-a regular account, as if it
was the business of the SLate to make these ex-
penditures on its own discretion, without consult-
ation with our officers, as if all it had to do was
to spend what it pleased, and bring in its account
ill the end for us to settle. Many of these cases
lie along in this way for four or five years, until
the claims which exist on the part of the soldiers,
the parties who performed the scrvice, pass into
the hands of brokers and capitalists, and they get
about here m the hands of agents at not much
more than te-n cents on the dollar, until an influ-
ence of that kind is created sufficiently strong to
get up a bill for three or four or five hundred thou-
sand dollars, or two or three million, and then
there is a force about the Capitol here to press it
through. Very little of the money, in many of
the instances, goes to the parties themselves. • I
do not know anything about the condition of these
claims; I do not know in whose hands they are.
Sonic of them are ill the hands of the State, I sup-
pose; others may be in the hands of the parties
who rendered the service; but the whole system,
in my judgment, is not entitled to the sanction of
Congress.
I opposed this bill in the committee on these gen-
eral grounds, and I will not vote for these large ap-
propriations of three or four hundred thousand, or
two or three million dollars, without some lcuowl-
edgeofthecase. lamnotsatisfiedwithamereguard j
in the bill that it shall be referred to somebody |
whom we do not know,to judge of these matters, j
and who conclude that the action of Congress
passes upon the principle. That is generally the I
ground on whiph these public officersact. They
say, "you hav& directed' 'me' to. pay; you have
determined that this is a debt, a liability to'be.paid;
and all I have to do is to ascertain the atji'ouot."
Thus it is, by the division of responsibility, that
sums are taken from the Treasury; and
know how, within the past four or five years, the
Treasury has been emptied, almost bankrupted, ■
by this sort of proceeding, by loose officers sjid
loose commissions.
For these general reasons—not because I know-
much about these particular claims, but because
I do not know that they are due, and ought to be
paid—I shall vote against the bill.
Mr. BAKER. Mr. President 
Mr. LATHAM. Will the Senator from Ore-
gon allow me one word ? I just wish to say, that
the Senator from New York, in the objection he
has made here, is a little mistaken as to the facts.
The State of California, by her representatives,
has been here every year, from the time this in-
debtedness was created up to this time, asking
Congress to pay it. There has been no delay
whatever. So far from these claims going into the
hands of speculators, I will say that nearly one
half the whole sum is in the hands of the State
of California, and for the rest the State has issued
her certificates of indebtedness.
Mr. BAKER. Mr. President, there is nobody
who listens to the Senator from New York with
more pleasure than I do, when hetalksabout what
he does understand, or what he tries to understand;
but there is nobody who listens to him with more
impatience than myself, when I hear him talking
on a subject upon which he is happily and pro-
foundly ignorant. It is the easiest thing in 'the
world for a man to enjoy himself in the luxury of
a seat in the Senate of the United States, repre.-
senting tho great city of New York, and talk dis-
paragingly of our Indian war debts; and if I now,
for about ten minutes 
Mr. LATHAM. The bill will be ruled out in
ten minutes.
Mr. BAKER. Well, five; will that do? If I
now, for five minutes, say a few words, I want
to tell him why I feel deep concern in this ques-
tion. Within four months, or a little more, from
this day, forty-five men, women, and children,
were murdered by the Snakes, the Nez Perces,
and the Shoshones, on the Oregon frontier, (he
men murdered, the women violated, the children
burned at the stake; and that state of facts-impels
me now to answer some of tho insinuations which
the distinguished Senator has chosen to make.
Now, I begin. He says these Indian wars are
not authorized. Who is to authorize them? A
tribe breaks out and massacres our people; and
we seize arms, as best we can, and defend our
frontier,lurtil we have a chance to send, sometimes
a thousand miles, for regular troops, who do not
do much, when they get there, to defend us; and
who is to pay the expense of that war r You are
bound to do it by your Constitution, your law,
and your custom. What answer is there to that
view, upon which these debts are always paid,
made by the Senator from New York? fie says,
here is theOregon war debt. What has thatgot
to do with this? He says there were $7,000,000
claimed in that case. No such thing. It is true
that a commission appointed by this Federal Gov-
ernment, composed, a majority of it at least, of
officers in the Army, high in rank, and higher in
the trust and confidcnce of the Executive, did re-
port that theOregon war, just in its expenditure,
had cost the people of Oregon, lawfully and prop-
erly, $6,000,000, and that they recommended the
payment of that sum. It is true that the Secretary
of War indorsed that recommendation, and asked
Congress to pay the money. It is true that we
have been knockingat these doors ever since that
day, and that at last the Senate, at the last ses-
sion, scaled the debt arbitrarily down to §3,400,000.
They sent that bill to the House of Represent-
atives, and the House scales it again down to
$2,200,000; and now it trembles in tl|£ balance of
that injustice, to-morrow morning, whether it shall
pass at all. If it does puss, it is a poor, miserable
pittance, which we will indignantly reject.
Now for this California war debt. Wo are on
the frontier, children of dispersion, far away from
you and your civilization and your modes of de-
fense. We depend upon the imperfect operation
of regular troops upon fields where they are not
fit to operate,m mountainouscountries where sup-
