1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
155
information as the Executive may think proper
to communicate in his discretion.
Mr. HUNTER, I hope, sir, this resolution
will not be taken un. Do we not ail see that it
eannof ho compatible with the public interest to
reveal all the orUois which the President may-
have issued, and the correspondence which may
have taken place between him and these officers?
Do we not know that the effect of the debate,
which will talce place when it comes up, will be
such as to irritate public feeling, and, perhaps, to
encourage and bring on a collision between the
State and the Federal authorities, which will end
no man can say where?
Now, sir, 1 think it would at least be prudent,
if there be any hope that anything can come of
tins committee of thirteen, that there can be any-
thing of compromise or of concession, to postpone
all such irritating debate until there has been some
action by that committee. Do gentlemen cxpect
to bring this question up, involving directly the
question of coercion, in which fifteen States of
this I) nion feel a deep interest, and pass it through
without debate, and an exciting debate? Why,
Mr. President, 1 am amazed at gentlemen. I do
hope they will postpone the consideration of these
exciting subjects until we see whether anything
can be done or not. When it shall become their
purpose, if such be their purpose, to introduce
any measure looking to force, then it will be lime
enough to be offering such inquiries as this; but
until then I hope their consideiation will be post-
poned.
Mr. MASON. Mr. President, I certainly should
never have offered this resolution, because I have
all the information that is called for; not that I
have derived it either from the President, or any
member of his Cabinet, but I have derived it from
sources equally open to the honorable Senator
who moved the resolution, and to the honorable
Senator from Illinois. The infoi mation is pub-
lished. We all know, inollicially, that no troops
have been ordered to these forts; and we know
the number of troops that are there, from general
public information. When we receive a reply
from the President according to the facts, if the
President should think it compatible with the pub-
lic interest to communicate them, i presume the
object of the mover is, by some resolution of the
two Houses, to require that troops shall be sent
there. I suppose that is the object. We cannot
want the information, for, as I have said, wc have
the information from sourccs beyond doubt, al-
though they are inofficial.
1 agree entirely with my colleague that, at pre-
sent, the only effect of making the call, and the
only effect of a vole of the Senate for the call, will
be to inflame the public mind, North as well as
South; and I submit that, unless it be the object
of the mo\ or, (which I certainly do not ascribe,)
by any indirect action of this sort, to bring about
hostile collision between different sections of the
country, he ought not to press ihe resolution;
but, if that be the object of the mover, (which I
certainly do not impute to him,) 1 would respect-
fully submit, that we know that in a very few
days we shall have events presented to the con-
sideration of Congress, in the disposition of which
in the pleasure of thatScnntor,oranyothcrs who
think with him, this subject will come directly
and practically before Congress. Now, " suffi-
cient unto the day is the evil thereof."
If it should be determined by this Congress
that war shall be declared and the public force
used to compel one or more of these States to con-
tinue in a Confederacy which they have repudi-
ated, it would be more respectful, more dignified,
that it should come from gentlemen entertaining
those opinions, in a practical form. I have never
doubted the perfect and indefeasible right of one
of the States of this Union to determine for her-
self whether her honor and h^r safety will admit
of her longer continuing in this Confederacy. I
could not doubt it unless I denied to the States of
the Confederacy sovereignty, perfect sovereignty.
Nor do I set- how, ap a question of public law, any
JruiL { "an be entrrtained on that question, unless
it be bv those who consider these Slates as an
integral pait o! a consolidated empire, having no j;
eo\er-'so-ntv. Nor do] undei stand how such a ..
position can be maintained, unless it be by those i,
who consider that there is a sovereignty m this ji
Government—the Government created by the Con- ;j
stitunoii. if there be a sovereignty in the Gov- II
ernment created by the Constitution, and no sov-
ereignty in the States who created it, then the
proposition would follow, but not until then, that
the people of the States constituted an integral
part of a common empire*
I do not mean, however, to go into that argu-
ment. None of us entertain a 4oubt that that
question will be presented in a diicct and practi-
cal form, to be disposed of during the present ses-
sion of Congress; and until that time arrives, I
would submit to honorable Senators that the only
effect of pressing such resolutions as this to a vote
will but increase and inflame bitterness, anger,
and resentment.
Mr. CLARK. Mr. President, I very much
regret that the Senators fromVirginiahave so much
misunderstood my object. I can only say to them
that if angry debate arises it will be on that side;
I trust not on this. I do not know the informa-
tion the honorable Senator from Virginia [Mr.
Mason] may have; I have no doubt that he has
more than I have; but I will say to him that my
object, one object certainly, in presenting this res-
olution, was to get the information for which it
asks. He may be aware precisely of what num-
ber of men are in these forts. I am not. I have
been told, I have seen it stated in the papers, that
in one of them there arc ninety men. I have been
again told that m that same fort there are but forty
men. I have also seen it stated this morning that
them are sixty-five men there, and five or six
musicians. But this resolution does not end sim-
ply with asking the number of men. It asks the
Presidentto state the force, and then also to state
whether, in his opinion, that force is sufficient to
protect those forts.
Now, it may turn out, as has been rumored
in the papeis and elsewhere, that there is some
understanding between the President and the
authorities of South Carolina that these forts shall
not be molested. If so, he can say it, and say
that the men are sufficient to protect the forts.
There are also rumors that various steps ht ve
been taken to put these forts in a condition of de-
fense; that various works have been thrown up;
that works also, on the other side of the harbor,
have been thrown up by the authorities of South
Carolina. 1 do not know how that is; I desire to
be informed. The President can inform us. He
can inform us in such way as he may deem for j
the interest of the public; or ho may withhold that
mfoimation; but [ promise the Senators on the
other side that, if they will not commence an angry
debate, none shall be commenced on this side, and
the whole matter may go to the President, to be
acted on m his discretion.
Mr. MASON. Will the Senator allow me a
moment? The resentment, the anger, and the
bitterness to which I referred, are not to be in-
dulged in debate here, but spread among the peo-
ple of the two sections. That is what 1 meant.
Mr. CLAIIIC. I do not see how that can be.
We certainly have the light, and it may be our
duty, to inquire as to the situation of public af-
fairs. It may be the right and duty of the Pres-
ident to communicate that information if, in his
judgment, the public interest requires it, or if it
is not incompatible with the public service. I do
not propose to discuss the abstract question of
the right of a State to secede. That is not ger-
mane, it seems to me, to this resolution; but no
one will deny that the Government has a right
to manage these forts, and put such a number of
men into them as are necessary for the public
service. I desire to know whether the President
has so done, and whether he thinks these forts
are so protected. Can it be any damage to the
country to know that its public property is suf-
ficiently guarded and taken care of? And I will
say to the Senators from Virginia that I have had
no step in my mind, further than that. I had no
intent or desire to move a joint resolution such
as they suggest. " Sufficient unto the day" will
be " the evil thereof," if evil must come, when
we know what the condition of these forts is. I
only d'-sire to be informed, and then mark out
my course of action, and not mark it out before
[ am informed; and how can I be informed-, and
how can the Senate be informed, unless we have
this information in an official way? I do not
choose to pay strict attention to these reports, or
to lely upon them. In our legislation we ought
to have something more definite. If we listened
to the thousand rumors that are afloat, we should
be kept in a state of agitation all the time. Let
us know the truth and certainty of the matter;
and then the public mind will be quieted. It is a
measure of peace, instead of one of war or irri-
tation. ^ >
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, it is very difii- \/
cult, in discussing the question as to the propriety §/
of taking up a resolution, to avoid to some extent
the consideration of its merits. I think wc have
wandered somewhat from the question before the
Senate—that is, the propriety of adoptingthe'res-
olution of inauiry presented by the Senator from
New Hampshire, [Mr. Clark.]
Is it proper that we should call on the President
to communicate the orders he has given and the
correspondence he has had in relation to a fort,
and especially when the circumstances of that
fort are surrounded by such extremely delicate
relations as belong to this ? If it is improper that
we should make such an inquiry, there is no
propriety in taking up the resolution. I propose,
then, to show that it is improper that we should
make the inquiry.
It will be remembered thnt, under thp Confed-
eration, in the infancy of our Government, Con-
grcsshad the control of the Army. A large portion
of the enibanassmcnts which surrounded military ,
operations, during the war of the Revolution,
grew out of that fart; and, taught by experience,
when our fathers formed a new Government, they
transferred the control of the Army and Navy to
the President. But here, while the President is
conducting the affairs of a garrison, it is proposed
to institute an inquiry to learn what correspond-
ence he has had; what orders he has given; what
force there is at the place; and thus to make pub-
lic the very facts which, above all others, the
commander of the Army and Navy should have
the power to keep secret. If it were an ordinary
case, wg might allow it to pass, and leave the Pres-
ident to exercise his discretion as to his answer.
Hut it is an extraordinary case. Wc know, as
the Senator from Virginia has said, that it must
inflame the public mind to agitate the question.
If the President is derelict in his duty in any re-
spect, he is amenable; but it is in the other House,
not in this, ho should be arraigned. If the Pres-
ident is supposed to be performing his duty in the
manner which best conduces to the peace of the
country, wc should but embarrass him in his op-
erations by interjecting such an inquiry as is
proposed.
Whatever the garrison may be—and 1 believe
the whole country has full opportunity to know
what it is—the fact is well known thatthePresident
has not the power to increase it; that he could
not send a company there without the fact being
known before the company arrived. This would
certainly precipitate action, as it would convey a
threat, attended by preparation to execute it, and
naturally result in bringing about the very col-
lision which every man who loves the peace of
his country is now endeavoring to avert. If the
object be to remove the garrison, that is a ques-
tion the decision of which I think properly rests
with the Executive, and of which he is a better
judge than we can be, even if he should present
to us the full record of his correspondence and his
orders. If, moreover, he has given such orders
to the commander of that garrison as, being pub-
lished, would become the subject ofanimad version,
perhaps of misconstruction, our inquiry might
result in an irreparable injury to the public peace
and future hope of those who look forward to an
amicable solution of existing difficulties.
In every view of the case which presents itself
to my mind, it is uttcily improper that wc should,
under the existing circumstances of the case, in-
stitute such an inquiry as this. It seems to me
that gentlemen who have argued on the other side
throughout the whole of this debate—I do not
mean this morning alone—have constantly pro-
ceeded on the supposition that the States belong
to theGeneral Government, and that the Army is
held by the General Government, as one of its
purposes at least, to control the States. Surely
such was not the intention of those who framed the
Government. When the States divested them-
selves of the power to main tain an army and a navy,
and gave it to the General Government, it was
that they might he concentrated for the purpose
of common defense; and if a case were to arise in
which the Federal troops were to be employed
against a State, it would be a ease of such palpa-
