158
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 20,
V
blc violation of the spirit of the Constitution, and
the purpose of its grants, as would not only jus-
tify that State, in repelling such aggression, to
resort to any remedy within its power, but would
claim fonts measures ofresistance the cooperation
of all true supporters of the Constitution.
In the formation of the Constitution it was not
overlooked that a State might require to exercise
the military power which had been delegated to
the Federal Government. It was in direct con-
templation that it might be resumed; and therefore
we find in the tenth section of the first article of
the Constitution,in the second and third clauses,
provision made for exactly such a case as would
arise where the danger of a State could not be sat-
isfactorily provided for by the General Govern-
ment. Senators here this morning spoke of this
case as if the garrison of Fort Moultrie was in
hostile attitude to the city of Charleston; if so, it
should be removed; the site was given, as the
Army is maintained, for defense; who will or can
reverse the purpose? The States, when forming
a more perfect union, agreed that they would riot,
" without-thc consent of Congress," " keep troops
or ships of war in time of peace." What did that
mean? Did it mean to divest the States entirely
of military power? Did it mean to say that the
States should never exercise any military func-
tions? If so, why did this clause of the Consti-
tution contain the words, "without the consent
of Congress?" Is not the conclusion irresistible
that it was foreseen that it might be necessary and
proper for a State to resume this power, and for
Co* ^ress to give its consent to that change of
rc\ iion?
If there is anything more lcmarkable than all
others in this instrument, it is the exactness, the
accuracy, and the appropriateness of every ex-
pression which the Constitution contains. They
meant to express something distinct in every sen-
tence which was incorporated into the solemn
compact, by which sovereign functions were to
be delegated to the General Government of the
States. These men, fresh from the struggles
which they had made as independent States, when
they inserted a clause like this, certainly looked
to its exercise; and if a case should arise, or 1ms
arisen, in which a State looks upon (he Federal
Government as its enemy, when the troopsof the
United Slates are viewed as hostile forces, and
dread is felt lest the power of the United States
should be used to subvert the liberties of the State,
the time has come when Congress should with-
diaw its forces, and consent that the State should
keep troops and ships of war in time of peace, and
if need be, enter into an agreement or compact
wth other States, all of which they may, with the
consent of Congress, do under the Constitution;
and IC if actually invaded, or in such imminent
danger as will not admit of delay," a Stnfe may,
without the consent of Congress, engage in war;
this being a leserved right, and tin; State the sole
judge of the facts winch justify its exercise
There is a passage m the second clause of this
tenth section \\ hieh seems to look to another con-
dition of things. The States Inning delegated
the power to maintain an army and navy, and
divested themselves of the right to maintain ships
of war and troops in time of peace, also provided
that" no State shall, without the consent of Con-
gress, lay any imposts or duties on imports or
exports, except what may be absolutely neces-
sary for executing its inspection laws." This,
taKen in connection with the other prohibition,
suggests a condition of things in which Congress
might give its assent to a State to lay duties upon
imports and exports, in order that it might provide
the revenue to maintain the exercise of that power
contained in the third clause; which is, with the
consentofCongress,tokeep troops and ships-of-
war in times of peace. It seems to be a provision
exactly adapted, if not intended, to give security
to a State when distrustful of the General Gov-
ernment, and to provide the means of defense
within the Union, which, as a separate State out
of the Union, she would possess to repel by force
the invasion of her rights and the disturbance of
her domestic tranquillity.
f trust then- js to be no collision. I trust that \
those* (loops are but to perform ihoordinary,and, I
so far as our own country is involved, the peace- !
able function of holding that fort until transfened '
to other duty; but if there be danger, permit me |
here to say it is because there are troops in it, not I
because the garrison is too weak. Who hears
of any dangr r of the seizure of forts where there
is no garrison: There stand Foits Pulaski and
Jackson, at the mouth of the Savannah river.
Who hears of any apprehension lest Georgia
should seize them ? There are Castle Pinckney
and Fort Sumter, in Charleston harbor. Who
hears of any danger of seizure there ? The whole
danger, then,Mr. President, (and it stands palpa-
bly on the face of the transaction,) arises from the
presence of the United States troops. Is the rem-
edy, then, to increase the garrison ? It is imprac-
ticable to do it, if that were the remedy; and if it
were practicable, I hold it would only increase
the danger. It would only be multiplying the
chances of collision.
I think, altogether, it is much better we should
not make the inquiry; but leave the Army, without
our intervention, to be commanded by the Pres-
ident, as provided in the Constitution; and, when
events have transpired, if then we choose to know
what the Executive has done, not to "embarrass
him in the performance of his duty, but to sit in
judgment on his conduct, it may be proper for us
to call, as well for the correspondence as the or-
ders given in the case; I think not till then.
Mr. CLARK. Mr. President, I do not pro-
pose to follow the Senator from Mississippi in
his range of debate; but I wish to suggest to him
whether, if it is improper that the inquiry should
be made, it would not be better now to take up
this resolution from the table and let it be rejected?
That would dispose of it. If the Senators on the
other side desire to escape irritating debate, that
ends it, for then the resolution is disposed of; but
as it lies here, it is liable to be called up at any
time, by any person in the Senate who may wish
to do so. We may have this occurrence every
morning until the resolution is disposed of. Let
it come up, and let it be disposed of. If it is the
sense of the Senate that it ought not to be passed,
let it be rejected; I have no pride about it. I am
for the public weal and the public, service. I of-
fered it here for a good purpose; I desire to have
it acted on; I desire the information that it may
draw out, if it be not incompatible with the pub-
lic service to communicate it. I leave to the
President, who manages this whole matter, to
say what is compatible with the public service
and what is not? what he will choose to reveal,
and what he will keep secret.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, the Sena-
tors upon the other side, in commenting upon this
bare resolution, asking for information, have
thought proper to lay down a position which is
the basis of, I believe, all that is said upon that
side. They assume that the object of this resolu-
tion is to provide the means to coerce a State, or,
as the Senator from Virginia says, fifteen States.
One of the Senators speaks of declaring war against
a State. If there is anybody in this Senate, or in
this country, who ever talked of the United States
declaring war against one of its States, or of co-
ercing one of its States, or ever entertained such
a notion, I know not who it is. I have never
seen him. This phrase, "coerce a State," is a
phrase calculated to mislead the public mind. It
is like another term that has often been employed
by gentlemen in speaking of the territorial ques-
tion: "the rights of the States in the Territories."
Why, sir, the States, as States, have no rights in
the Territories—none whatever. The Territories
belong to the General Government, and no State
has any right whatever in a Territory, as a State.
Nobody proposes to declare war against a State.
That would admit at once that the State was out
of the Union—a foreign Government. Of course,
we cannot declare war against a State. Nobody
proposes to coerce a State, or to convict a State
of treason. You cannot arraign a State for trial;
you cannot convict it or punish it; but you can
punish individuals. I trust the public mind is not
to be misled or confused by this idea of coercing
States. Men who violate the laws of the country
are amenable to those laws, and if found guilty
of violating the provisions of law thev must suffer
the penalties of the law. The Government has
power to eoerre and to punish individuals who
violate its laws
Air. MASOZ\. Will the Senator allow me one
instant? lie says the>e is no purpose to make
war on a State, but to punish individuals. I un-
derstand war to be the exercise of public force by .
the authority of one State against public force i
under the authority of another State. Now, I
would submit to the Senator, when lie talks about
punishing individuals and cxeeutn.^ tin* laws by
the public force of the Federal Government, and
it is met by the public Jbrce of a State govern-
ment, is not that war 3 Row oa:> Le avoid tiio
conclusion that it is war?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I suppose that I should
have the right to ask another question of thr Sen-
ator. What does he understand by rebtllmn?
Mr. MASON. I will tell the Senatoz with great
pleasure I understand, by rebellion, resistance to
the laws by the citizens—a portion of them—laws
emanating fiorn a common Government of those
citizcns, and the citizcns being but an integral
part of one Government—an empire, a republic,
or anything else. The distinction, I hold, is this
—I shall detain the Senator hut a moment in put-
ting it, and I ask his permission to do it: the
State governments are as sovereign at this day as
they were when they formed the Constitution of
the United States; and being so, the State govern-
ments have the power of absolving their citizens
from their obligations to the Federal compact
which the State entered into; and when the State
absolves its citizens from their obligation to the
Federal compact which the State entered into and
formed, they become as completely foreign to this
Government as France or "Rutland.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr.>resident, I deny
that the Stales are as sovereign as when they
formed this Government. The States aie sov-
ereign as to their reserved rights; but the rights
they surrendered up to the Federal Government
do not now belong to the States. Certain rights
were surrendered when this Government was
made, and this Constitution was formed; but the
State of Virginia, when she gave her assent to
this Constitution—or ra'her the people of the
State of Virginia, when they gave their assent to
this Constitution—agreed that it should be the
supreme law of the land, any law or any consti-
tution of her State Legislature to the contrary
notwithstanding—I care not whether you call it
an ordinance or not. Is that superior to the con-
stitution of your State? You have surrendered
up that power, and you have no power to absolve
yourselves from that allegiance. While, there-
tore, i'n one talks of war against a State, that I
am aware of, and no one recognizes, I trust, the
ris;htof an; S'nte to put heiself into a position
where war eonM be declared against hei„ I under-
stand that th- Constitution of the United States,
and the laws in pursuance of it, are the supreme
law of the land, and that all officers are sworn to
see them faithfully executed.
Now, sir, I am sorry to have been drawn aside
to have said this much upon a lesulution of mure
inquiry. I am especially surprised at the remark
of the Senator from Mississippi, who represents
the imbecility of this Government to be such that
it has no power to protect its public property; no
power over the arsenals, and over the public forts
ceded to the Federal Government by the States,
and over which, by the Constitution, it has ex-
clusive jurisdiction. It has no power whatever
there; but it is at the mercy 
Mr. DAVIS. Does tin; Senator refer to me?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do.
Mr. DAVIS. Did I say so?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I understood the Senator
from Mississippi to say that the Federal Govern-
ment had no power, or the President, perhaps,
had no power to reinforce the garrisons at Charles-
ton.
Mr. DAVIS. Ah ! but you made your remarks
generally. I made a special remark; you have
made it general.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Fitzpat-
rick. in the chair ) The Senator will suspend his
remarks. The houi having arrived for the con-
sideration of the special oi dor, it becomes the duty
of the Chair to announce that as the first business
in ore- r.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I suppose the principle
would apply to others as well as to that, if ii is a
correct principle.
THE ASSOCIATED PUESS.
Mr. SLfDELL. Before the Senator from
Ohm—who is cntitkd to tin* floor r.(1 u-- spcci 3
order—proceeds, f desire to oiler a resoh'tam, of
which I gave an intimation yesterday, in relation
to the reporters of the associated press, I have
