1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1117
Mr. POLK. I shall not object to this amend-
ment; but 1 should like to amend it. There is,in
the city of St. Louis, just exactly such a case as
this. The city has paved two streets with iron
in front of the custom-house, it standing on a
corner; and the United States ought to pay one
half that expense. That bill was sent on to me
by a very responsible constituent, during this
session, and I spoke to the gentleman who was
then chairman of the Committee on Finance, and
he thought it would be impossible to get it in. It
came on too late to be presented to the Committee
of Ways ant) Means in the House of Representa-
tives. 1 think it is welbenough to pay these ex-
penses; I think it right that they should be paid;
but 1 do not think that we ought to make fish of
one and flesh of another. If it be within the rules
to offer an amendment to this amendment, I should
like to offer an amendment that $1,500 be appro-
priated to pay the expense of paving in front of
the custom-house in the city of St. E&uis. I think
it is right enough that the United S^tes, as a
property-holder, should pay the expense of paving
the streets m front of its property, as an individ-
ual property-holaer would have to do. I shall
not vote against this amendment; but I should
like to see equality in such cases.
Mr. HALE. If there be equality, I think it
would be better carried out by paying for paving
in some streets and villages where the United
States have not erected any public buildings.
They are a benefit to the places where they are
put up. 1 live in a town that has a very clayey
soil, and we should like some help in laying down
our pavements, especially as the United States
have put no public buildings there. If there is to
be equality, 1 think we should attend to this.
Mr. WADE. I am not very well acquainted
with the course that has heretofore been pursued
in regard to appropriations of this kind; but T
am told it is usual to make such appropriations,
and I certainly can see no reason why these ex-
penses should not be paid by the United States.
This Government, in the city of Cleveland, owns
alargeamountof'property. Hhaserected abuild-
ing for its own purposes. By the municipal regu-
lations of the city, if a private individual occupied
the same ground for public or private purposes,
he would be obliged to pay for paving and im-
proving the streets in front of it; and why should
the -Government of the United States be exempt
from these expenses any more than an individual ?
That is the question. Why not complete the work
they have begun? Why should the Government
stand upon any different principle from an indi-
vidual in this respect? The Government does not
put up these buildings with a view to favor pri-
vate individuals, of course. If it did, it would
erect them in New Hampshire, in the village that
neighbor Hale speaks of. Undoubtedly, they
want some such accommodation; but that is not
the policy of the Government. When the Gov-
ernment puts up buildings of this kind, it does so
for its own purposes, and not for the accommo-
dation of private individuals. The people there
could not prevent the Government from putting j
up these buildings for its own convenience. If'
private individuals occupied the same ground for
other purposes they would have to pay these ex-
penses; and why should the Government be ex-
empt from them because it uses the ground for its
own purposes? Is it because the public is not as
able to bear these expenses as individuals? I trust
there will be no objection to the appropriation. I
am told that it is usual; and I see no reason why'
the custom should be departed from. I shall not
consume time.
Mr. CL1NGMAN. I am gratified that the
Senator from Illinois has called attention to this >
branch of expenditure. It is very certain that we !
have gone fur in putting custom-houses in the
interior of the country. If the Government had ;
looked with a single eye to its own interests—to
make as much money as possible at as small a
cost—it would have been content with a custom- 1
house near the mouth of the Mississippi river; ■
and you would have had none of these expendi- •
tures at St. Lotus, Cincinnati, and other points I
along that river and its tributaries. There is al- |
ways a great anxiety in every city to get the 1
Government to put up a public building; and it is I
usually agreed, I think, that Government prop- ]
erty shall not be subject to taxation. This kind |
of expenditure seems now to be in its infancy, and i
I think it is the right time to stop it. If you make
this appropriation, you must .expect to go on and
make pavements, and put up lights, and construct
drains, in all the cities where you have buildings;
and as the Senator from New Hampshire very
well says, you will make the system more une-
qual than it now is. I hope the Senate will stop
it. where it is. For myself, I should be ready to
sell some of the post office and custom-house
buildings in the interior, if I couid have my way;
but, at any rate, the system ought not to go fur-
ther than it now has gone.
Mr. POLK. I move to amend the amendment
by adding to it: .
To pay foi paving the streets infiontof the custom-house
in the city ot St. Louis, ,500.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I inquire whether that is
in order? I presume it does not come from any
committee. It makes an appropriation. I raise
the question of order upon it.®
Mr. FITCH. I expected the question of order,
of course, from some one, and rather desired that
it should be raised, because it shows the unfairness
of this one case. Itisnoexceptionto all thecases.
There is not a public building owned by the Uni-
ted States in any city or town m the United States,
but has just similar claims, no better, no worse,
with the claims of this public building in Cleve-
land. I had in my hand an amendment which,
had not the Senator from Missouri offered his, I
should have offered, anticipating, however, the
very result which has taken place, that a question
of order would be made because it came from an
individual Senator, whereas the amendment from
Cleveland has come from a committee. This is a
mere attempt to take it out of the rule of the Senate
and get that through a committee which it was well
known could not be obtained otherwise. There
is a marine hospital m the southwest portion of
my own State, built on the bank of the Ohio,
which is being washed away for the want of an
additional appropriation of four or five thousand
dollars. I desire to move an amendment; and if
this principle is adopted, I shall insist pertina-
ciously on an appropriation for that purpose.
Mr. POLK. 1 wish merely to state that I shall
now vote against this amendment, because I my-
self, as I have said already, applied to the chair-
man of the committee to know whether it would
be possible to get such an amendment for St. Louis
added to this bill by the Finance Committee, and
I thoughtmyself I should not press it. I felt that
if I were a member of the Committee on Finance,
.1 could not allow it, and therefore I did not press
it; but now, when an amendment comes up m favor
of the city of Cleveland, I think it is a case in
which it is eminently true that equality is equity;
and if wc cannot have it for St. Louis, or for the
place referred to by the Senator from Indiana, or
for other places just as deserving 
Mr. FESSENDEN. Nor for Portland, which
is in the same position.
Mr. POLK. If we cannot have it for those
places, I do not think we ought to give it to Cleve-
land, especially in the condition in which the
Tieasury is.
Mr. PEARCE. I doubted the propriety of this
policy when the matter was up in committee,
though I gave my assent to it finally. I am per-
fectly satisfied now that it would be better not to
pass this appropriation at this time. It is scarcely
worth while to consume the time of the Senate in
debate on it; but it seems to me we might as well
quietly vote it down. I think that would be better.
Mr. WADE. I hardly like to have this amend-
ment disposed of in that summary way. The
fact that other gentlemen have not used the means
of having their amendments come in order, is cer-
tainly no objection to this amendment. Ever since
I have been here, the rule has been that no Sena-
tor could move an amendment making an addi-
tional appropriation to a general appropriation
bil.l, without the report of a committee. These
gentlemen do not present you any proof of the
merits of the cases which they bring forward.
They should have gone before the committee and
made their proof there, and prepared themselves
to comply with the rule. Now, they say there is
going to be an invidious distinction between the
city of Cleveland and other places. They do not
object to the propriety of it; they do not object to
the justice of it, because they cannot do so. I ask
again, why should the General Government place
a large building in the streets of a city, and let the
people of the city be at .the expense, of construct-
ing a way to get to it? What immunity hft's' the
Government over e'very other property-holder: ih
a town ? Can anybody tell roe why the GoverEr
ment should be exempt, and the citizens shoald
do that which it is for the convenience and the
necessity of the Government to have done; and
why it should not do that which by the municipal
regulations is required of every private citizen
under the like circumstances ? ,
Gentlemen say there are a great many of these
public buildings, and therefore the Government
should shrink from the payment of this money.
If it is not just, the Government ought not to pay
it; but if it is just, and proper, and right;, I do not
care how many such cases there are; for as often
as the Government, for its own convenience, re-
quires a public building to be erected, it should
continue it and make it complete, and not leave
it a perfect nuisance in the middle of a city,1 and
compel the citizens there to complete its buildings
—for certainly no publio-building would be deemed
complete until there is a' way to get "to it. Will
you block it up, obstruct it with mud and dirt,
so that nobody can get along there, and' then sajr
the citizens Shall do for that property of yours
what every private individual, owning similar
property, would be compelled to do for himself?
There is no justice in it; there is no propriety in it.
The amendment that I bring forward for Cleve-
land is offered to this bill in the regular way. I
brought it before the committee. The proof was
made. There is no doubt of the facts. The com-
mittee assented to it. It comes within the rules.
Now, I am to bo told that this is an invidious dis-
tinction between the city of Cleveland and other
places, because public buildings have been erected
there, and they have claims against the Govern-
ment. When you get them authenticated and bring
yourselves within the rule, I am as ready to vote
for them as for this. They are all just, proper,
and right; and no Senator here can make an argu-
ment that will convince any man that it is not just
and right and proper that the Government, own-
ing the property in a city, should make pavements
in front of it, which the municipal regulations re-
quire every other property-holder to make. I can-
not see any distinction; I can see no reason for
any distinction. All the reason that has been
given againstthisappropriation is, that ifthiscase
be admitted, we shall have others. Very likely.
No doubt there are other cases as just as this; but
it is unnecessary to say that there are many, for
this Government is able, or ought to be able, to
pay all its just obligations. I do not care whether
there is one case or a hundred. Inasmuch as the
Government has seen fit to erect a building for its
own convenience, it should be compelled, like
other property-holders, to comply with the mu-
nicipal regulations of the place.
Mr. DOUGLAS. These are expenditures not
upon the grounds belonging to the Government,
not for the improvement of the Government
grounds, but for the streets that surround the
public.grounds. The grounds belonging to the
Government are exempt from taxation. Before
we erect any public buildings o,r make any im-
provement in any State, we require that the State
shall release the jurisdiction to the soil and sur-
render the right of taxation. The question now
is, whether we are to bear the expenses of those
improvements which the city authorities may
order to be made in the public streets around those
buildings belonging to the Government. If you
pave the streets, you must pave them according
to the rules prescribed by the city, and the next
day they may order the grade to be raised, as has
been done in Chicago, and then you will have to
pull up your paving, and pave again. The ques-
tion is, whether you are going to incur this sys-
tem of incidental expenditures around the public
buildings in the streets, such as gas-lights, laying
pavements, and the sewerage system, and those •
other assessments that are usually made against
city property. If so, I shall have to notify the
city of Chicago that they have been very unjustly
treated in a manner they nevei have even dreamed
of; that they ought to apply to the Federal Gov-
ernment to repay one half the cost of the pave-
ment in front of the marine hospital that they
never dreamed they were entitled to get back. I
shall have to remind them, too, that on Dearborn
street and Monroe street we are entitled to sev-
eral thousand dollars for filling up those streets
