1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
.1-57
deceived a letter from the agent here, which sat-
:sfies me that, individually, he had no concern in
this matter; but there are agents all over the coun-
try who belong to one body, and a common re-
sponsibility should attach to them all. The agent
here has given me no such assurance as is satis-
factory, that the true author of this fabrication
will be exposed and punished. Under these cir-
cumstances, I offer the following resolution, and
will allow three or four days to elapse before 1
call for action upon it, in order that they may
have an opportunity of explaining:
Resolved, That the Vice Piesident be requested to ex-
clude fiorn the rejjojtiTs' gallery ot the Scnato anyiepoiter
or ieporter« \vly5 may be employed, either partially or ex-
clusively, by any agentoi agents of:s the associated press."
Mr. TRUMBULL. With the consent of the
Senate, I desire to say just one word in regard to
the personal matter alluded to by the Senator from
Louisiana. I have received a note from the agent
of the associated press stating that the dispatch
the Senator yesterday alluded to was not trans-
mitted through the associated press of this city,
and that he is altogether ignorant of the source of
the dispatch. It is due to him, I think, that that
fact should be stated.
Mr. SLIDELL. That is the fact.
RAILROAD CONNECTION AT WASHINGTON.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The spccial
order assigned for this hour is the bill (S. No.
377) to authorize the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad
Company to extend the Washington branch of
their road to the Potomac river, and across the
same by the extension of the present structure
known as the Long Bridge, so as to connect with
the Virginia railroads at that point. That bill,
"however, is excluded under the rule from the fact
that the Senate adjourned yesterday without dis-
posing of a certain joint resolution, which is now
the first business in order.
Mr. KENNEDY. Do I understand the Chair
to decide that the special order which 1 moved
yesterday takes precedence this morning?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. No, sir; the
Chair determines that the unfinished business of
yesterday takes precedence.
Mr. KENNEDY. I would ask my friend from
Ohio to allow me half an hour for the considera-
tion of this bill.
Mr. PUGH. If the bill could bo got through
without objection ordebate, I certainly should not
object.
Mr. FESSENDEN and Mr. KING. It can-
not be.
Mr. KENNEDY. Well, 1 withdraw my re-
quest.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The first busi-
ness in order is the joint resolution (S. No. 48)
proposing amendments to the Constitution of the
United Slates.
Mr. KENNEDY. I ask whether there cannot
be an understanding that I shall be allowed to
take up this bill as s.<on as the SciiatorlromOhio
concludes his remarks 5
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will be the
first business in order when this joint resolution
shall be disposed of.
Mr. HAMLIN. I would suggest to the Sen-
ator from Maryland, if he wants to get action on
his bill, that he had better ask the Senate to make
it the speciaforder in the morning hour at half
past twelve o'clock to-morrow, and then wo shall
occupy half an hour with it without disturbing the
general question before the Senate.
Mr. HUNTER. I think that is a good sug-
gestion.
Mr. KENNEDY. I will accept it. I ask that
the bill be made the special order for the morning
hour to-morrow.
Mr. CAMERON. That arrangement will not
suit me. 1 shall leave town to-morrow on some
business that I cannot postpone. Besides, we
shall most likely adjourn over to-morrow, and 1
hope we shall then adjourn over to the 1st of
Mr. KENNEDY. Then I ask, by general
consent, that the hill may be considered as soon
as the honorable Senator fromOhio gets through
his reiYKuhv moini.")£>
Mr FESSEIsDEN. Wo can have no under-
standing of that sort.
AMENDMENTS TO THE CONSTITUTION,
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The unfinished
business of yesterday is the joint resolution (S.
No. 48) proposing amendments to the Constitu-
tion of the United States, on which the Senator
from Ohio has the floor.
Mr. PUGH addressed the Senate. [His speech
will be published in the Appendix.]
Mr. NICHOLSON. Mr. President, I believe
it is the general understanding that we shall give
way to the Senator from Maryland, [Mr. Ken-
nedy;] and I therefore move that the further con-
sideration of this question be postponed, with the
view of taking up the bill which the Senator from
Maryland desires to have taken up.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Biglbrin
the chair.) The question is on postponing the
joint resolution now before the Senate.
' Mr. DOOLITTLE. Did I understand from
the Senator from Tennessee that the Senator from
Mississippi desired to take the floor upon this
resolution?
Mr. DAVIS. No, sir.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Then, Mr. President,
before this motion is passed to postpone this res-
olution, with the leave of the Senator from Ten-
nessee, I desire to take the floor to make some
remarks to the Senate upon this subject; but I
will yield with the understanding that I shall
have the floor upon this question to-morrow, or
when it next comes before the Senate.
Mr. DAVIS. I wilt answer the Senator from
Wisconsin with reference to myself. The Sen-
ator from Tennessee proposes to1 take the floor,
but to postpone the immediate consideration of
the subject, in order that the Senator from Mary-
land may have a bill considered which he has
asked us to consider.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I did not hear the lan-
guage of the Senator from Tennessee.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on postponing the further consideration of the
resolution before the Senate.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Then I understand the
Senator from Tennessee has taken the floor upon
the question that is pending?
Mr. NICHOLSON. Yes, sir; and I move to
postpone it, with a view of allowing the Senator
from Maryland to take up the bill indicated by
him.
The motion to postpone was agreed to.
WEST POINT COMMISSION.
Mr. FITCH. With the permission of the Sen-
ator from Maryland, before his bill comes up, I
desiie to make a few biicf reports from the Com-
mittee on Printing. A resolution was referred to
the Committee on Printing, which was introduced
by the Senator from Vermont, [Mr. Foot,] rel-
ative to the printing of the report of the commis-
sion appointed under the eighth section of the
act of Congress of June 21, 1860, to examine the
organization and system of discipline and course
of instruction in the United States Military Acad-
emy at West Point. They report it back, and
ask for its adoption.
The resolution was considered, and adopted,as
follows:
Resolved, That five thousand additional copies of the
report and accompanying papers of the commission ap-
pointed under the eighth section of the act of Congress of
June 21, IbOO, to examine into the organization, system of
discipline, and course of iiwtiuetion, of the United States
Military Academy at West Point, he printed.
COLUMBIAN INSTITUTION.
Mr. FITCH. The Secretary of the Interior,
in asking for the publication of certain reports
for himself, as the head of that Department,
omitted to ask for additional numbers of the re-
port of the president of the Columbian Institu-
tion for the Deafand Dumb and theBlind;buthas
to-day made a icquest that five hundred extra
copies of that report be printed. I submit the
following resolution on the subject:
licboli ed, That five hundred additional copies of the repoit
of t'te picsideut of the Columbian In&titution for the Deaf
and Dumb and the Blind he printed for the use of that office;;
ami fc-> mueh of th,j iate anmi.il lepoit of the Secretary oi
Iiuer.01 «i>3 relates to the same j-utyjee; be piinted therewith.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
IIKPOKT ON INDIAN ASTAIRS.
Mr. FITCH. A cluneal - rror occurred in a
previous repoi t of (he committee relative to ex-
tra numbers of the rcportof the Commissioner of
Indian Affairs. The error was that of the clerk
of the Committee on Printing. It should have
asked for two thousand copies, the usual c$tr&
number, but it erroneously asked for 011c thou-
sand. I simply move the correction of the error.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The correction
can be made by unanimous consent. The Chair
hears no objection, and the correction will be
made.
ADMISSION TO TIIE ELOOE.
Mr. BROWN. Before wc proceed to the con-
sideration of the bill of the Senator from Mary-
land, I ask the adoption of the following resolu-
tion, which has relation to the subject:
Resolved, That the Mayors of Georgetown and Wnslt-
ington cities be allowed the privilege of the floor of tho
Senate on occasions when business relating to the District
of Columbia is under consideration.
There is a marked propriety in the resolution.
I suppose there will be no objection to it, and I
shall not say anything about it. I take it for
granted that everybody will agree to it.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
ADJOURNMENT TO MONDAY.
Mr. PEARCE. I move that when the Senate
adjourns to-day, it adjourn to meet on Monday
next.
Mr. CAMERON. Before the question is put
on that motion, I desire to suggest that when we
meet on Monday, we adjourn over again for three
days, and so continue until the 2d of January. I
hope that we may have an understanding of that
kind, so that gentlemen who desire to go'away
can dp so without the likelihood of important
measures coming up in their absence.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator so propose to amend the motion ?
Mr. CAMERON. I do.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is the Senate
prepared for the question on this motion ?
Mr. DAVIS. 1 do not know that we shall
achieve much good by meeting; but in the pres-
ent perilous condition of the country, I am not
willing to take a holiday. I propose that wc shall
continue our sessions for good, if God grant it,
and for evil, if wo will have it so.
Mr. CAMERON. Idonotapprchendanyevil
from an adjournment of a day or two. I think
a great deal of good may follow from allowing us
to go homo, and seeing those who sent us here.
Lot us get the wholesome influences of the fire-
sides of our constituents, and the good people
who are not in this strife; and let each one of us
spend these Christmas days as every man ought,
with his wife, his children, and his grandchildren
around him.
The PRESIDING OFFICER The question
is on the amendment offered by the Senator from
Pennsylvania.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I hope it will be stated.
I wish to know exactly what the amendment is.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Maryland moved that when the Senate ad-
journs to-day, it adjourn to meet on Monday next.
The Senator from Pennsylvania moves to amend
that motion by adding, that when tho Senate ad-
journs on Monday next, it be to the Thursday
following; and when it adjourns on that day, it
be to meet on the following Monday.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I hope that will not be
done. It will oblige gentlemen who choose to
attend to stay here. If a majority choose to
adjourn over for one or two weeks, I have no ob-
jection ; but I do not like meeting nominally every
third day. I do not think it fair anyhow. It
seems to mc not to be carrying out that provision
of the Constitution which provides that an
adjournment shall not take place for more than
three days. If we intend to do business, it is in-
convenient to meet every third day to do it; and
if wo do not intend to do it, it is an evasion of
that clause of the Constitution.
Mr. MASON. Let the amendment be reported
by the Secretary.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will be read.
The Secretary read it, as follows: #
That when the Senate adjourns on Monday next, it be
to Thuisd:iy; and that when the Peuato adjourns on
Thai >day. it be to the Monday following.  
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I confess I am notsatis-
fiod with this mode of adjourning over the holi-
days. If we are going tc adjourn over the holi-
days, let us pass a joint resolution, and have it
