1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1119
The particular cage in San Francisco was reported
on its own merits, without having been referred
to the Finance Committee, or any other, except,
perhaps, a Committee on Private Claims. I am
not certain what committee it came from; but cer-
tainly it did not come from the Finance Commit-
tee, and did not constitute part of the ordinary
annual appropriation bills. Now, if this amend-
ment is insisted on, I shall move to defer further
proceedings on this, bill for three or four days,
that other Senators may have an opportunity to
bring their cases before the Finance Committee,
and have them approved of. We have ample
time.
Mr. WADE. I hope this amendment will be
agreed to. However, I will not debate it further.
It is not a very large matter, and Senators can do
as they please in regard to it.
.Mr. BAYARD. I ask for the yeas and nays
on this amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I feel disposed to say one
word upon this subject, provided it will not lead
to another debate, i wish simply to explain how
we stand upon this matter, ft is perfectly obvi-
ous that the city of Cleveland has this subject in its
own power. If the Government does not choose
to pay its proportion of the expense for having
the use of the city sewer, all they have to do is to
cut it off entirely, and set the building afloat.
They can do that at any moment; so that the rem-
edy is in their own hands. I suppose, hovyever,
they would hardly carry it so far, without refer-
ence to the question of paving. What I wanted
to say was, that the committee put this in with-
out much consideration, as stated by the chair-
man. 1 am satisfied, on reflection, that,asa Com-
mittee on Finance, we did what we ought not to
have done. We ought to have allowed it to come
as an amendment from some other committee.
However, without sufficient reflection, it was al-
" lowed to come in, and although it is just and
proper that it should be paid, I have no objection
to striking it out.
Mr. DOUGLAS. But one word, sir. It is true,
so far as the sewerage is concerned, the city could
deprive the public grounds of the benefit of it, if
we did not make this appropriation, or they may
do it if you do make the appropriation. I under-
stand that this tax for sewerage is for sewerage
performed on the public grounds, or near them. I
understand there is a sewerage tax for the whole
#city of Cleveland, and this property is taxed like
other property, and it may be that the whole pro-
ceeds are expended a mile distant from the pub-
lic buildings, and we shall be left then to make
our own sewerage afterwards.
Mr FESSENDEN. The Senator hardly un-
derstands it. I do not know upon what principle
precisely this is done in Cleveland. I presume it
to be something like the principle on which it
was done in mjr own city. They make a sewer;
it may be ten miles long, or it may be fire, greater
or less; and then assess the whole expense upon
the property which is benefited by it, and which
enters into it from different points. They have
a right to do that. They cannot compel, proba-
bly, anybody to enter a sewer from a building;
but if he chooses to avail himself of it, he must
pay his proportion of the expense. That is the
way it is regulated m my own city. I suppose
this may be something in the same way. Now,
I say, with reference to it, the Government hav-
ing a large and valuable building and grounds
there—the building costing three or four hundred
thousand dollars,as I understand, more or lees—
I do not know how much—and it being necessary
that it should be drained in order to preserve it,
if the Government building is to avail itself of the
eity sewerage, it may do so on paying its share
of the expense. If it does not choose to do that,
! but is willing to take all the consequences of leav-
ing the building without that advantage, it may
' do that. It is a matter of choice, probably.
Mr. DOUGLAS. In point of fact, this Cleve-
! land cus'tom-housc stands upon the immediate
1 lake bank, a hundred feet above the water; I think
* it is the most beautifully drained piece of ground
I ever saw, without any Government sewerage at
'' all, so far as my knowledge of it extends.
Mr. POLK. I will state that the amendment I
*<■ offered did notapply tosewerageatall. I happen
to know the fact that the custom-house in St. Louis
*■ is drained into a sewer there, and no charge has
ever been madeforthat. I think, therefore,all that
has been said in this debate shows the impropriety
of putting such things oij appropriation bills as
amendments from committees, and 1 hope this
proposition will be voted down.
Mr. WADE. I am not going to prolong this dis-
cussion. The amount asked for here is not large.
All that I contend for is that Cleveland should be
dealt by just as other cities have been; and in my
judgment, you cannot find a single public build-
ing erected for the General Government in any city
that has not paid just exactly these charges. We
have seen that they have in the case of San Fran-
cisco.
Mr. FITCH. By special bill.
Mr. WADE. Now, Senators say that the State
ceded this property to the General Government.
That is all true. They say the State cannot tax
it. That is all true. But, sir, can they prevent
the municipalities placing it upon the same mu-
nicipal regulation as any other property ? That
is a very different thing from the State taxing it.
That which is for the convenience and the health
of the city, may be applied to public property as
well as to other property. How could you drain
your city;; how could you make your sewerage,
if here, right in the midst, there is erected a great
public building, and the city is bound to stop there
without any drainage, without any sewerage, leav-
ing the health of the whole city to suffer because
your public property is not subjected to this mu-
nicipal regulation? Sir, there would be a great
impropriety in allowing that. This is as just a
claim as iould be made—perfectly just; and no
man yet has attacked its justice and propriety.
Senators say it is not strictly legal. I think it is
strictly legal; but if not, it is strictly equitable, and
just such a claim as no honorable man would
object to if made in his own behalf.
Now, sir, as these claims have been paid as
often as they have been presented, as has been
shown, why should not this be paid? It is just
in itself. This improvement was made for the
benefit of the Government property, without
which the property would have been worth noth-
ing, to complete what they had begun; and why
should they not subject themselves- to those reg-
ulations so necessary and proper for everybody?
Why should not the Government pay for it? We
are told they should not pay for it, because there
are a great many public buildings of this kind.
That is a very poor plea. If that beggarly plea
is to prevail, then why does theGovernmenterect
these buildings, if it cannot carry them through
and pay for them like individuals? There is noth-
ing in that objection at all. Because there are a
number of these buildings, is no reason why we
should reject this amendment
Then Senators say we have an advantage over
them. How so, sir? One gentleman wanted the
Government to publish notice that all might come
in and prove their claims, and then, if that had
been done, they would have been as vigilant as
ourselves, and "been placcd on the same footing.
The Government does not generally do that. It
has about as many claims as it desires to deal
with, brought to its notice by vigilant individuals,
without giving out any such notice. If the Sen-
ator from Indiana had come in with his claim,
approved as this has been, and there was no doubt
of its justice, I think the Senator would have
found 'no difficulty in voting for it; but lie finds
that his constituents have neglected to bring to
notice that they had such a claim, and therefore he
is going against mine. If they had applied to him,
I know in his faithfulness to them he would have
gone before the committee and got it on here, and
it would have been all regular, and I have no
doubt he would have voted for it; but because he
lias not done so, is no reason why we cannot
make this appropriation. I trust the bill will not
I be delayed to allow them to make out such cases.
There is no objection made here that goes to the
merits of the claim. Every objection that has
been suggested is entirely unsatisfactory, and
does not touch its merits at all.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Mr. President,
wo have now sat here until half past two o'clock.
This is a conflict that is evidently "irrepressible."
[Laughter.] There is no hope that we shall ever
reach the end of it. I never could have consented
to delay so long a recognition of the services of
the Father of" his Country, by makinga motion to
adjourn, but for the extraordinary pressure which
this same "irrepressible ..conflict" has brought
upon [Laughter.] I have been compelled jto
delay making a motion to adjourn, with the hope
that four amendments, at-least, would have-been
acted upon. 1 believe the Senate are now in-the
humor to listen to the instincts of patriotism, and
adjourn. [Laughter.]
Mr. PEARCE. I beg the Senator from Ark-
ansas to restrain the ardor of his patriotism alitlle-
while longer.-1 think, if he willao so,wecan,get
through with this proposition, and perhaps all
the amendments of the committee.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Half an hour
is a good while to wait, but a very short time on
this amendment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I guess wc have got
through with the debate on this proposition..
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. But the Sena-
tor from Ohio is compelled to adhere to this mat-
ter. It is impossible that he can abandon his con-
stituency and the city of Cleveland. It will not
do that he should fail in pressing this $2,700,
though it will costgl,000,000 hereafter if weagree
to it. Although the Committee on Finance have
abandoned the thing, as I understand it, why
should it now be given up when it has tho inside
track ? It will never carry hereafter if it does not
carry now. Everybody sees that; it is perfectly
plain; and certainly it ought now to be permitted
to have a fair show; and it will have it to the ex-
clusion of all other matters, and to the exclusion
at least of this side of the House. I really hope
the Senate will adjourn. As I am asked to do so
for the convenience of the Committee on Finance,
I shall not make this motion now; but when Ido
make it, I have no doubt the Senate will adjourn
Of course, I agree to give them five minutes.
[Laughter.]
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment reported by the Committee
on Finance.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, (when his name
was called,) said; I wish to make an explanation
of my vote. 1 am not of the opinion of the Sen-
ators from Texas, who are going outshortly, and
therefore do not care how much money is ex-
pended. [Laughter.] The Senator from Texas
[Mr. Wish-all] said so; and it is in that way,
and only in that way, that I can account for the
vote of the Senator from Texas on my left, [Mr.
.Hemphill.] I vote nay.
Mr. HEMPHILL. I beg leave to explain my
vote. I agreed to this amendment in the Finance
Committee, and I have not since seen any reason
to change it.
Mr. NICHOLSON. I should vote against this
amendment, but I am under pair with the Senator
from Iowa, [Mr. Harlan.] I do not know how
he would vote, and I shall therefore decline to
vote, supposing that he would vote in the affirm-
ative.
Mr, NICHOLSON subsequently said; From
information I have received, I feel authorized to
vote. I vote in the negative.
Tho result was then announced—yeas 15, nays
30; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Cameron, Chandler, Dixon,
Dmkee, Foot, Gieen, Hemphill, Latham, Morrill, Kice,
Simmons?. Wade, Wigfall, and Wilkinson—15.
NAYS—Messrs. Baker, Bayard, Bingham.Brags,Ciaik,
Clitisrman. Cullamei, Crittenden, Doohttle, Douglas, Fes-
senden, Fitch, Foster, Grimes, Hale. Hunter, Johnson
of Arkansas, Johnson of Tennessee, Mason, Nicholson,
Pearce, Polk, Powell, Sebastian, Seward, Sumner, Ten
Ej'ck, Trumbull, and Wilson—30.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. PEARCE. That, I think, is the last
amendment reported by the committee.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have an amendment to
offer from the Committee on Finance; but if the
chairman of the committee has one to offer, I will
give way.
Mr. PEARCE. I give way.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I offer the following
amendment, by direction of the Committee on
Finance, to come in as a new scction:
Jtni be it further enacted, That the sum of $80,000, orso
inueli thereof as may be necessary, bo, and tlie same is
herebv, appropriated for the payment for materials deliv-
ered for the extension of the Tieasury building under ex-
isting contracts. And that the fuither sum of @200,000 be
also appropriated for the continuance of the woik ou ^ueh
extension.
Mr. GREEN. I wish to inquire of the Sena-
tor from Maine whether this amendment has any
