1120
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
reference to the monolithic coiumns for the Cap-
itol? . r
Mr. FESSENDEN. None at all. It relates
only to the Treasury building.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PEARCE. I now move to strike out of
the 4th and 5th pages of the bill, lines eighty-two,
eighty-three, eighty-four, and eighty-five, in the
following words:
For commissions, at two ami a half per centum, to super-
intendents on disbursements for objects outside their dis-
tricts, §1-2,783 27.
I will state to the Senate, briefly, my purpose
in majung this motion. Prior to the passage of
the bill establishing the Light-House Eoard,which
became a law on the 31st of August, 1852, a great
many duties relating to this system were per-
formed by the collectors of certain ports, who
were called superintendents of lights 
Mr. HALE. I wish the Senator would give
way a moment. I desire to make a single sug-
gestion. I wanted to ask if it was not the ordi-
nary courtesy to allow amendments receiving the
recommendation of standing committees of the
Senate before the amendments of individual mem-
bers are proposed. I am directed by the Commit-
tee on the Post Office and Post Roads to report
one or two amendments to this bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Docs the Sen-
ator from Maryland give way to the Senator from
New Hampshire?
Mr. PEARCE. I yield, sir.
Mr. HALE. I am instructed by the Commit-
tee oil the Post Office and Post Roads 
Mr. GWIN. I have an amendment from the
Finance Committee. They have not completed
their amendments yet.
Mr. HALE. Ot course 1 give way to tliem.
Mr. GWIN. I offer the following amendment
from the Committee on Finance  
Mr. BINGHAM. I want to know whether a
vote has been taken on the amendment offeied by
the Sena-tor from Maine?
Mr. GWIN. Yes, sir; it lias been adopted.
Mr. BINGHAM. I have not had a chance to
vole against it. 1 want to do so.
Mr. CLARK. You can vote against it m the
Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
was put to the Senate, and the vote announced.
The Senator from Maryland then obtaimd the
floor, and gave way to the Senator from New
Hampshire; tne Senator from Now l~Iampshire
gave way to the Senator from California; and the
Senator hom California is now asked to "ive way
to the Senator trom Michigan, Does the Senator
fiom California give way to the Senator from
Michigan ?
Mr GWIN. No, sir. I offer the folio wing
amendment from the Committee on Finance; to
add at the end of the first section:
To unable the Socret.it y of tlio Navy to oarrj'ont the con-
ditional contract made by him with flip hnptove-
mcnt Com pan v and Anibio^c YV. Thompson, on (In; 2Kt
clay o! May, foi Uic fHiiptwe of sccnims; to tiic I'liitcd
Mat^ccriani valuable pnvUr-es and rj<<i)i^prci(,r<i ui Un-
said conn act. the sum ot .^00.000: Pt muled. The ^nid
sum shall, as tlu- I'lCMdem ma\ elW-t, he paid m eiMi,ot in
the bond-; of the United Siate>, having twenty \eai-- to 1 un
and bearmnMx pet rent, interest, payable semi-annually!
J he slid conditional contiact is ln*n*bv approv cd, provided
the following amended conditions, explanatory thereof
shall be addod theieto, nainelv : the mi id <. ontiact ^hall con-
vey to the United States, for the ti-e ot the Na\ v Impair-
ment, Mich coves or interior inland liaiboi-, suitable for
the shelter and lepairnt ofthe Xavy.aMiiav be best
adapted theictoi. and which ;ne v,.oni<-d bv the guutNand
pimlc^eN, in lull property and po&.sc<Hon,'' held hv the
*uul eompam and the saal Thonipxm, and slial! convey in
lee, or f>v icnewable lea-csni pci in,}-, of mnetv nine years,
as<hail be detei mined bv the I'i cedent of the United State*,
aJltlie lands rciptued for coal and orhei stations. not ex-
ceeding fiv«  thousand aeieson either side, with the ri"ht
to cut and Use the ttnibm tlu-ieou lot naval purposes, and
shall convey the perpetual right to iw Mi'-h quantity ot coal
irointhe mines ot Chiti(|Ui toi the \a\ v a- mav beieijuireil
tor the Cult "squadron, and a sitpph of cm! lot tlie 1'aciHe
squadron, attef a ladioad "hall be ron-tmeted fiom the At-
antic to the I'acilic, at or near the ItntboiN oi the Ciwriqui
lagoon and Golnto; and shall eonvev the nght of tiaiiri-
portuig over the mad till the piopeities and thing* ot ihe
United f5tate* Government, and all person* in the employ
or bervice tnereot, hee tiom tolls tfTning the petiod of the
giant, so far as t-ueh right k* given undet the *atd grant, but
this riiiiit, 01 the right to u*e the station* on the A.lanhe or
i aeitie, s-hall not be understood to atFeet the soveini^n n«ht
wii'cli Now GiaikmU or Costa Itica mav have over the tei-
lHC1) 1Uie ^'unt0' JamUand puvdege. aie lo-
cated. 1 lie said sum hereby appropriated *hall he paid ^o
soon as a contract shall be entered into, with rniaiatin e* ot
performance satisfactory to the Pie^idem, lor*the delivery
of supplies of coal m the quantities wnich may be e ti-
February 22.
mated to be required per month, at the station of the Chir-
iqui lagoon, at one half the price per ton which coai now
costs the Government at Aspinwall; providingalsoforeup-
plies of coal at Golfito at one'half the price which coal now
costs the Government at Panama: ProvidedJttrtfwr, That
if, upon a reevammation of the titles of the said Clnriqui
Improvement Compam and the said Ambrose W. Thomp-
son, it shall be ascertained by the President of the United
States thiit the grant of land Ki in full property and posses-
sion-5 on the Atlantic, and the grant of land foi colomza
tion within certain limits, "the Territory therein con-
ceded," on the Pacific, which said grants meet at the
summit of the Cordilleras, and extend fiom ocean to ocean,
embracing the haiboisot Adtmial's bav and tin* Chiriqui
lagoon on the Atlantic, and Golfito and Golfo Dulce on the
Pacific, and other giants repiesented in said title papers,
do not include and cover the right to impiove or make a
railroad over the said territory, owned antf held bv the said
Thompson and the said company, he shall then, in htsdss-
cretion, withhold fiom piesent payment $100,000 of the sum
hereby appropiiated, and cause the same to be transmitted
in specie to San Jos6, m Costa Rica, to be applied to ful-
filling the conditions of the railroad giant or contiact, made
under authority of the Congress of Costa Rica, by the Pres-
ident of that Republic, to find with Ambrose W. Thomp-
son: Provided further, That the conditional contract, as
amended and explained in accordance herewith, and the
contract for coal delivery shgll be submitted to the Presi-
dent ot the United States, and receive lus approval before
they shall become binding under this act.
Before the Secretary had concluded the reading
of the amendment,
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I move to dis-
pense with the further reading of the amendment.
It is evident that no one is paying any attention
to it. I think it should be printed. 1 am of the
impression, though no one has directly said so,
that there is a misunderstanding in regard to it,
not only as to its monts, which are great, without
a doul^t, and its dements also, which are said to
be considerable, [laughter,] but as to whether the
Committee on Finance ever had anything to do
with it. I do not say that it had 01* that it had not;
but I do say, it will not do for us to take up this
subject now, for if we do, it will keep us here till
ni<^ht; and out of deference to the memory of
| Washington—the Father of hiw Country—I ap-
peal to the Senate to agree to the motion I now
make, that tho Senate adjourn.
Mr. h ESSENDEN. Will the Senator from
Arkansas withdraw that motion for a moment, to (
enable me to make an explanation with regard to I
this amendment ? j
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. If it is per-
sonal, I will.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is personal, so far as 1
it applies to tin: committee. j
Mr JOHNSON, of Arkansas. If it affects |
their honor, f errfainly will. |
Mr. I'ESSENDEN. It does not affect their '
honor in any particular. i
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Well, I sup-
pose I must yield.
I he PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
to adjourn is withdrawn.
Mr. GWIN. Will the Senator from Maine
permit me to say a word, as I have offered the
amendment'
Mr. FESSENDEN. Certainly.
Mr. GWIN. It is known that the two Houses
of Congress could not agree on the subject of this
amendment to the deficiency bill. The Senator
from Missouri [Mr. Green] was opposed to the
actum of the committee of conference; and in or-
der to get that bill through, as the public interest
was suffering by it not being passed, I stated to
lum that I would see the members of the Com- j
mittee on Finance, and that, in order to give him :
an opportunity to speak upon it, we should bring j
it up on this bill. He would not have had ail 1
opportunity to have the subject considered, un-i
less it was reported by a committee of the Son- :
ate. 1 told him, if he would allow the deficiency j
bill to pass, I would see the members of the Com- i
mittee on Finance, and obtain their consent to !
report the amendment, none of them being under i
any obligation to vote for it; but it was to be !
brought ill, so as to make it in order to let the Sen- :
ate act on it as it chose. j
Mr. JOHNhON.of Arkansas. I really must !
say to the Senator from Maine, that I do not un-
derstand this. I suppose I must address him.'
through the Senator from California. The floor !
is occupied by the Senator from California, and '
I cannot reacii him directly. I am compelled to
travel in that circuit. I gave way to the Senator
from Maine on a personal question, affecting the
honoi of the committee.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hope my friend will
excuse me. I intended to make an explanation;
but tlie Senator from California, who is a mem-
ber of the same committee, thought he could make
it more distinctly than I could, being more directly
acquainted with the facts, and I gave way for that
purpose. J wish to say in addition—and then the
Senator can renew his motion, if he desires to do
so—if the Senator from California has concluded
his remarks 
Mr. GWIN I was through.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish to say, so far asl
am concerned in this matter, it came upon me by
surprise. I recollect, at the time the deficiency bill
came up on the report of the committee of con-
ference, it was said that the Senator from Mis-
souri intended to oppose it; and afterwards, I now
remember, the Senator from California came to
me and inquired if I would consent, if the Senator
from Missouri would withdraw hisopposition, to
let him try it again in the shape of a report from
a committee on this bill. I told him if the com-
mittee thought it best to do so, I had no objection;
and that he might as well try it on this bill, and
letthatpass. I had forgotten all about it. I really
supposed that it was to be brought before our
committee, and reported from the committee; and
if it had been, I should have seen it. I never saw
it. It was never read in our committee, never pro-
duced there at all, as I think it ought to have been,
in order that we might have an opportunity to ex-
amine its detail. That is the simple fact about
it, sir; and I really was quite astonished when it
came u^j this morning as from our committee, for
I had forgotten entirely what was said about it.
I feel myself under no sort of obligation to sup-
port it.
Now, I desire to say another word: I do not
want an adjournment for the sake of having this
amendment printed. I would rather it should go
over.^ Although I advocated it before, I am not'
certain that 1 shall vote for it now; but as to the
adjournment about to be moved by my fuend from
Arkansas, I think it is nor. worth while to post-
pone the consideration of this bill for the sake of
having that amendment printed.
Mr JOHNSON, of Arkansas. The Senator
will allow me to say that I do exceedingly regret
that he will not permit to enter, among the rea-
sons for an adjournment the consideration of the
respect that he owes to the Father oflnsCountry.
[Laughter.] I make the motion with that view,
and to have this Chiriqui amendment printed, so
that when printed he may determine to vote for
or against it as he thinks proper. t
Mr. FESSENDEN. If ihe Senator will ex-
cuse me, I think we best honor the memory of
the Father of his Country by attending to the
business of the country, and not spending our
time in idleness. °
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Then the Sen-
ator is distinguished in that way,'and has con-
sumed a great deal of time that might be valuable
to that business, [Laughter.] Mr. President, I
have no idea that the Senate will for the third
time refuse that motion; and I therefore move
tnat the Senate do now adjourn.
Air. I< ESSEN DEN. I ask for the yeas and
nays.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Let us have
the yeas and nays on it. [•' Oh, no."l I with-
draw the call.
. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
is withdrawn.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. No, sir; I with-
draw the call for the yeas and nays.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is the call for
the yeas and nays withdrawn?
Mr. I'ES^ENDEN. I believe the Senator can
hardly withdraw that call, as ! made it.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I made it also
1 withdraw my call. [Laughter.]
Ihe yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 19, nays 31; as follows:
YEAS—Me^is. Baker, Raynrd, Iiigler, Blight,
U ngni.m, Uittumlcii, Fitch, Gieen, Hemp,nil. Uimter,
Johnson ut AtK.m*av. Jobi^on ot'Teiim'-.K'e, Lane Nicll-
" A"I!V1>""\tI>HVV1'"' ami Thoiiwm—19. '
1 ,,, , /■es^r.-i. Amlioin , JJinffilam, flnmexm, Chand-
' Uail>- tollanicr. Dimii, Doohttle, ljoiiiria^ Dinkee,
'■ ■1 e'1. J hm. 1 n-i.";. Guinea. Gnin. Hale Kui<* La-
taam, M^oa Morrill. Feaiee, Raj,,, f.'euaul,' fim'iiona,
Slimier 1 en Lyck, Trumbuli, Wade, Wmtali, Wilkinson,
and Wilson—3i. ° '
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I will suggest to the Senator
trom California to waive his amendment and let
