160
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 20.
extend the right, of appeal from decisions of cir-
cuit courts to the Supreme Court of the United
Stales, with the recommendation that it do pass;
which was ordered to be printed, and its further
consideration postponed until Thursday next.
WILLIAM A. LINN.
Mr. BINGHAM. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary to report back Senate bill
No. 518, for the relief of William ,A. Linn's es-
tate, with the recommendation that it do pass.
The Clerk read the bill in extenso.
Mr. SHERMAN. That bill makes an appro-
priation, and, under the rules of the House, must
have irs first consideration in a Committee of the
Whole House.
Mr. BINGHAM. I trust that my colleague
will not make that objection to this bill. The
amount of this claim is fixed and ought to be
paid at once. These parties have been long kept
waiting.
Mr. SHERMAN. All bills which make ap-
propriation of money out of the Treasury ought
to be referred to the Committee of the Whole.
Mr. BINGHAM. I think that this is one of
the bills to which that rule ous;ht not to apply.
It was passed at the last day of the last session,
and sent to the President, who refused to sign it
for the reason that U was sent to him at so late
an hour. It has been fully considered by the
House, and there cannot, I think, be any doubt
of its equity and justice.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will not make objection
to this bill; but I now give notice that I will here-
after object to all lulls being passed which make
appropriations of money without having then-
first consideration in the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union or a Committee of the
Whole House.
Mr. BRANCH. 1 renew the objection.
Mr. PHELPS. 1 hope that my friend will
withdraw his objection.
Mr. BRANCH. 1 do not see why this bill
should have the preference over other private bills.
There are many cases pending before the House
which have heretofore passed this House, ,uul a
great many which have passed both Houses, but
at different times. I have heard nothing winch
indicates that this bill possesses any more merit
than those other bills. I think the notice given
by the gentleman from Ohio is a proper one, and
that all of these bills making appropriations of
money out of the Treat*ui y ought to go to a Com-
mittee of the Whole.
Mr. BURNETT. 1 think, as a general propo-
sition, that the objection of the gentleman from
North Caiolina is a proper one, and ought gen-
erally to pievail; but 1 believe in this case there
are leasons which ought to remove it from that
objection. This bill was acted upow at the last
session. I have examined its provisions, and am
satisfied that it ought to pass. It has again passed
the Semite, and it does seem to me liuit we ought
riot now to fui tlu r delay the payment of a just
private chum against the Government, when it
1ms been acted upon, and favorably, by the same
Congress.
Mr. BRANCH. I am informed that this bill
has already passed Congress, and failed only for
want of time for the President to examine it, and
I therefore withdraw my objection.
The bill was ordered to be read a third time;
and it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. BINGHAM moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
JUDICIAL DISTRICT IN PENNSYLVANIA.
Mr. BINGHAM, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, reported back House bill No. 50.),
making an appropriation for a court-room and
marshal's and clerk's offices for the use of the cir-
cuit and district courts of the United States m the
western district of Pennsylvania, and asked that
it be put upon its passage.
Mr. BRANCH. I object; and insist that the
bill, n.aking nn appropriation, must have its fust
consideration in the Committee or the Whole on
the f late of the b'.i.on.
The Sl'KAKKR. The bill must take that
course.
The bill was referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, and ordered to
be printed.
CAIRO.
Mr. BINGHAM, from the same committee,
reported back House bill No. 488, authorizing
the holding of the circuitand district courts of the
United States for the southern district of Illinois
in the city of Cairo, with the recommendation
that it do pass.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I should like
to hear the reasons for the passage of the bill. I
never before heard of the necessity for the estab-
lishment of such a court at Cairo. The bill does
not satisfy me.
Mr. BINGHAM. This bill was acted on by
the Committee on the Judiciary at the last ses-
sion. My recollection is, the facts presented to
us went to the extent that it was necessary to the
speedy administration ofjustice that a court should
be established at Cairo.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. That city is
only twelve or thirteen hours' ride from Spring-
field. This substantially creates a third judicial
district in Illinois.
Mr. LOGAN. With reference to the establish-
ment of this court in my district, I can say that
there is a necessity for the establishment of a term
of the court in that part of the State. It is some
two hundred miles from the city of Cairo to the
city of Springfield; and a great portion of the
business whichis transacted in thecourtat Spring-
field arises in that particular locality. Juroishave
to go from that part of the State that distance;
and the officers of that court have heretofore re-
sided in that part of the State; and a great deal of
the business which goes from the city of Cairo to
the city of Springfield grows out of the commerce
of that place, and the difficulties which arise out
of it; and for that reason I have thought there
was a necessity for the holding of a court there.
And, m fact, m conversation with many of the
leading men and lawyers of the State who have a
knowledge of the business which is transacted at
Springfield, they gave it as their opinion that there
was a necessity for the establishment of a couit
in that part of the State.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I will not
now make a motion for the reference of this bill
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, but I propose that its consideration shall
be postponed until a day certain, so that I can
examine it. Then, if I am convinced that there
is a real necissiiy for the establishment of a term
of the court there, I shall not oppose it. With
my present information I shall be compelled to
oppose the bill. If the gentleman will let it go
over [ will be satisfied.
Mr. LOGAN. I am willing to leave the bill
with the cqnimittee that reported it.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. It makes no
difference with me whether you take that course
or let the bill go over to a day certain, as I sug-
gested.
The SPEAKER. If there bo no objection, the
bill will be recommitted to the Committee on tlu
Judicia ry
Mr. LOGAN. I will then submit a motion to
lecommit the bill, and let it stand upon that mo-
tion.
The SPEAKER. That motion would have to
be disposed of.
Mr. LOGAN. Not at the present time, I sup-
pose ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair can see no ad-
vantage in the motion pending.
Mr. LOGAN. Then I will move that the bill
be recommitted.
The SPEAKER. There being no objection,
the bill will be recommitted.
Mr. LOGAN. Now, I move to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was recommitted.
Mr. WASHBURNE, oflihnois. I hope the
gentleman will not enter any such motion, be-
cause it is a privileged motion, which can be
brought up at .my time, and 1 may be taken by
surprise. Let it be recommitted to the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary, and when they are again
called on to reporf, they can r* port it back, or
let it over'o a d .yci i tain,:- > that I amy km;w
when it wdi ''oine u;-.
j Mr. L.OGAN. 1 shall have no diwposiiion to
| call up the motion to reconsider until the gentle-
1 man has had an opportunity to examine the bill.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. If the gen-
tleman will give me notice when he intends to call
up the motion, I am willing that it shall stand in
that way.
Mr. LOGAN. Certainly I will.
SAL.UUJSS Otf JUDGED.
Mr. BINGHAM. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary to report back, with an
amendment, a bill (H. R. No. 535) to fix the sal-
aries of the judges of the district court witlnn and
for the districts of the State of Ohio, with a rec-
ommendation that it do pass. I a&k that it be put
upon its passage now. It contains no appropri-
ation.
The first section of the bill, which was read,
provides that the salaries of the judges of the
district courts within and for the districts of the
State of Ohio shall be fixed at the rate of $3,500
per annum from and after the passage of the act.
The second section makes provision for the
holding of terms of the district court at certain
points in the State.
The amendment recommended by the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary was to strike out the second
section, and to insert in lieu thereof a section pro-
viding that the judges of the district courts be
authorized and required to hold special terms of
their respective courts, at least once each year, at
Toledo, in the northern district of Ohio, and at
Columbus, in the southern district, in addition to
the regular terms which now are, or may hereaf-
ter be, required by law; and that the time of hold-
ins: such special terms at Toledo and Columbus
shall be fixed by the judges respectively of said
districts, who shall give notice of the time of hold-
ing the same at least two months preceding the
commencement of such special terms, by publica-
tion in at least two newspapers published, and of
general circulation, in such districts.
Mr. BINGHAM. I call the previous question
upon the amendment.
Mr. BRANCH. Does the gentleman propose
to put the bill upon its passage at this time '
Mi. BINGHAM. I do; and i move the pre-
vious question.
Mi. BRANCH. Was it reported by the com-
mittee unanimously?
Mr. BINGHAM. It was; and it provides for
giving the judges of Ohio the same salary as is
allowed to the Federal judges in many other
States, whose duties do not exceed the duties of
these Ohio judges.
Mi. SIMMS. Is it in order now to offer an
amendment ?
The SPEAKER. The previous question has
been demanded.
Mr. STANTON. I hope the cull for the pre-
vious question will not be sustained.
Mr. SIMMS. 1 ask the gentleman from Ohio
to withdraw the previous question, for I want to
move an amendment to the bill—not to injure the
bill at all; far otherwise. At the last session of
Congress, a bill passed this House requiting the
district judge of the State of Kentucky to hold
some three additional terms of the court, but
without increasing his salary. The labor devolved
upon him by virtue of these additional turns is
more than double what it was previously. I pro-
pose to move to amend the bill, if the gentleman
will withdraw the demand foi the previous ques-
tion, so as to increase the salary of that judge
from £t2,5C0 to $3,500.
Mt. BINGHAM. I cannot do that; but if the
gentleman will refei such a bill to the Committee
on the Judiciary, the committee will gladly con-
sider it.
On the demand for the pievious question,
The SPEAKER ordered tellei s; and appointed
Mr. C raig, of Missouri, and Mr. Stanton.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes thirty-three; not a sufficient number.
So the previous question was not seconded.
Mr. STANTON. I am opposed to this bill
upon the principle that I am opposed to giving
officers of the Federal Government within the
States higher salaries than are paid to State olli-
cers of the same giade. I have no idea of giving
such se Lines to Fedeiai ofil< ei ^ as will (haw all i he
t. Jent and ability of the h ir ml-. 4 set t m>{ i.>f
Fulcra1 Government, iea\iog the Sui'. * ;rov. rn-
menJs to take such oifirers as they can command
These are judges of the district courts of the
United States; and, in point of dignity and grade,
