THE CONCESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF COM GUESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Sixth Coxgress, 2d Session.
MONDAY, FEBRUARY 25, 1861.
New Series No. 71.
it be printed, so that it may be ready by to-mor-
row morning, when we can examine it. It is very
lon^.
Mr. GWIN. 1 will state that the subjcct is
entirely under the control of the Senator from Mis-
souri. It was in order to give him an opportu-
nity of discussing this question at large before the
Senate that we brought in this bill, rather than
to delay the dtficiency bill, wheie he was going
to discuss it at length.
Mr. DOUGLAS. 1 understand that; but as it
is a long amendment, I think it had better be
printed, and lie over.
Mr. GWIN. If the Senator from Missouri
agrees to that, I will withdraw it until to-morrow
morning.
Mr. GREEN. I do not want it withdrawn. "
Mr. DOUGLAS. Let it he over informally.
Mr. GREEN. It may lie over informally; but
1 must be permitted to make this remark: 1 with-
drew my opposition when the deficiency bill was
pending on the disagreement on this very ques-
tion between the two Houses, with the special
understanding that it should be moved to this bill.
Having been recommended by the Department, it
is in order for me to move it, whether the com-
mittee recommend it or not: but the committee
did authorize its presentation, preserving the right
to vote as they pleased. This word came to me
before I withdrew my opposition to the other bill.
I then consented that that bill should pass in hai-
niony. This 1 intend to press; but if the Senator
from Illinois desires it to be printed and he over,
1 have no objection at all.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I thought it was better that
it should be printed,
Mr. KING. I am opposed to its lying over
informally. I rise to make a point of order as to
the right of its being here. 1 undoistatid n jx a
question of fact, whether the Committee on Fi-
nance have had this subject under consideration
and agreed to it. if it has not been, then it is not
an amendment of the committee.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I will call the attention of
the Senator from New York to the fact that it is
in order on two points. First, the committee
have offered it; and whether they had a right to
do so or not, you cannot determine. Secondly,
it is recommended by the head of a Department;
so that any Senator would have a right to oiler it.
Mr. KING. If the committee offer it, I do not
object; but I understand it to be questioned by
the committee.
Mr. DOUGLAS. No; and besides, the head
of a Department recommends it.
Mr. PEARCE. I desire to explain my posi-
tion in regard to this subject. It has been assumed
all along that the committee olfers it. The differ-
ence between the Senator from California and
myself is only this: the Senator from California
supposed that the amendment could not be offered
except by the Committee on Finance, and that
when we agreed on the arrangement which he
made with the Senatoi fiom Missouii, we must,
of course, carry thai our, and move the amend-
ment; but I supposed at that time, as I do now,
that it was competent for the Senator from Mis-
souri to make this motion. There was a condi-
tional contract made by the Secietary of the Navy;
and then a small provision under which a com-
mission was sent out;-and then a report came in
at the present session from the Secretary of the
Navy, which, I believe, contained the recom-
mendation; and the estimate is the sum in the
contract, of course. I (onsidered, therefore, it
might be taken as being- under an estimate of the
Navy Department; and therefore it was compe-
tent for thf  Senator from Missouri, who is not a
member of the Committee on Finance, to move
it himself. I assented, therefore, to what I sup-
posed was merely an arrangement that he should
make this motion upon this bill. I did not think
that I was giving my consent to it. If I had, of
course I should have opposed it.
Mr. GWIN. The Senator from Maryland has
stated the question precisely. I thought it could
not eet before the Senate unless it was recom-
71
mended by a committee, and never heard until
within the last few minutes, that there were esti-
mates from the Department which would enable
any Senator to offer it in order. The only objpet
I had in view was not to delay the bill we then had
under consideration.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I ask the Senator from Cal-
ifornia to letus take a vote on printing; the amend-
ment, and then let it lie over informally.
Mr. GWIN. Very well. I move that it be
printed.
Mr. KING. I rise to a point of order. I want
to know whether the amendment conies from the
Committee on Finance?
Mr.DOUGLAS. It is not offered; sothatthat
point does not arise.
Mr. KING. I understand, then, there is no
such amendment offered.
Mr. GREEN. To waive all that, I offer it my-
self, as an individual Senator, based upon the rec-
ommendation of the Secretary of the Navy.
Mr. KING. Then I make the point of order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Missouri is entitled to the floor.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I supposed I was. I had
not yielded it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Illinois was recognized, and gave way until
the Chair was under the impression that he had
resigned the floor.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations to offer an amend-
ment to this bill.
Mr. GREEN. I hope the Senator will allow
the Chiriqui amendment to be printed.
Mr. K1.\G. I rise to a point "fouler. I desire
to know what became of the motion with leg.ud
to this Chuiqui matter '
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That amend-
ment is now pending before the Senate.
Mr. KING. Very well; then I object to its
being introduced.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I supposed that question was
waived oil an order being made to piint. That is
our understanding.
Mr. ICING. I object to it
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from New York objected while the discussion
was going on, and no motion was put to the Sen-
ate on the subject.
Mr. DOUGLAS. There is no trouble about
the question. The Senator from California who
offered it, waives it Cor the pra^nt,and submitted
an Older to print it. Tletice theie is no amendment
pending, and I therefore pi opose an amendment.
Mr. KING. It is upon that very pointof order
that I rise. I do not think itcompeteiit to get up
hereatid make a proposition of this sort and waive
it to have it printed. The Senator may present
it and ask to have it printed as an amendment to
be offered. I want to make a point of order about
the right to oiler it. We first had an understand-
ing that it came here Willi the sanction of the
Committee on Finance; but it seems that the Com-
mittee on Finaricc is unwilling to father this
amendment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Oh, no.
Mr. KING. I so understand. Then let us
know the faets about it.
Mr. GREEN. Will the Senator from New
Yoik allow me to make a suggestion?
Mr. KING. Certainly. I want to know the
position of the thing.
Mr. GPiEEN. I will not ask him to waive any
point of order; but I do ask the printing of the
amendment, if it is not to be considered to day,
which I will offer 
Mr. KING. It is not offered now.
Mr GREEN. Which I will offer before the
bill is disposed of.
Mr. KING. Very well. That leaves the ques-
tion of the right to offer it to be settled when it is
offered. I want to make that point at the proper
time.
Mr. GREEN. It will eome up hereafter,
Mr. DOUGLAS. Now, I believe, there is no
amendment pending, and my motion is >n order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is the motion
to print the amendment objected to ?
Mr. KING. As I understand, the amendment
is not offered, but merely presented, and it is
asked, by unanimous consent to have it printed,
that it may be offered.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That is the
request of the Senator from Missouri.
Mr. KING. In that view I have no objection
to its printing; but I object to its being offered.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
hears no objection to the printing of the proposed
amendment, and it will be ordered.
Mr. DOUGLAS. The Committee on Foreign
Relations have directed me to offer 
Mr. HALE. I desire to say a word, if the
Senator from Illinois will allow me a moment.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I will give way; but I do
not waive my amendment
Mr. HALE. I desire to say that, on my sug-
gestion, the Senator from Maryland gave way
from offering an amendment as an individual mem-
ber, in order that amendments from committees
might be gone through with. In that state of the
case, the Senator from California suggested that
he still had one to make from the Committee on
Finance, and I gave way for that purpose; and
that being disposed of 
Mr. DOUGLAS. And I was on the floor when
the Senator made that suggestion, in order to
move this amendment, occupying identically the
same position.
Mr. HALE. You may offer it; but the Sena-
tor is mistaken altogether.
Mr. DOUGLAS. My amendment will take
but a moment. It is, to insert as a new section :
.<!n<1. be it fin flier cncictcd. Th.it the Seeretaiy ot' State be
diiccted to' audit arid settle the accounts of Charles J.
Ili'tm, consul geneialof the United States at Havana, upon
the principles ul justice and equity, tor expenses incurred
by him m preparing and making "the report? and returns,
and hunting up the an earages of the business ofiiis prede-
cessoi in that office, and loi extra clerk hire ill his office,
and for moneys advanced destitute American citizens,and
for extia tent, and to pay the amount thereof, not exceed-
ing the sum of $8,168, out ot any money in the Treasury
not otherwise appropriated.
Mr. FESSENDEN rose.
Mr. DOUGLAS. One word of explanation.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator will excuse
me. I believe I must make a point of order on
that amendment. It is evidently a private claim,
and cannot be offered, even from a committee.
Mr. DOUGLAS It is certainly not a private
claim.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If it is anything, it is a
private claim.
Mr. DOUGLAS. It is one of the class of ap-
propriations of whic]  there a large progortion
already in the bill. It is to carry out a current
transaction of that Department. Mr. Helm was
appointed consul on the resignation of Colonel
Blythe, at Havana. It was ascertained, after he
arrived there, that the books had not been kept;
the returns had not been made for a long while;
they were a long way behindhand; and, when
called upon to make these reports, Mr. Helm re-
ported at the tune that there had been this omis-
sion to keep up the books; and thereupon he was
directed by the Department to cause them to be
brought up. He employed clerks for the purpose
of making these returns. All such cases as this,
where the person is still in office, going on in the
regular order of business, always go into the ap-
propriation bill. The other day, I think, the Sen-
ator and i voted together on one much stronger,
the case of Mr. Clay, minister to Peru. It was
to allow his accounts to be audited and settled.
I find it has been a usual thing. I do not think
it comes in violation of any ruie. On the con-
trary, it has been our practice,from the Commit-
tee on Foreign Relations, to offer all this class of
cases as amendments to the appropriation bills.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The bill to which the
Senator alludes was a private bill, offered by itself.
It was not put on as an amendment to an appro-
nriation bill.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I am willing to a YOtP
of the Senate on this question. It has been the
