162
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 20,
square with the salaries of the State judges. Now,
if that were done, Mr. Speaker, you would have
to reform ail your salaries of the district judges
throughout the United States. You can haveno
fixed and uniform rule as to salaries at all. In
some of the States the salaries of the district
judges are as large, and in some perhaps less,
than the amountproposed by this bill. The true
rule of legislation m such matters, is: is the sal-
ary an adequate compensation for the quantity
and kind of business and for the dignity of the
office? Any other standard is unworthy of seri-
ous legislation. This bill only proposes to raise
tho salaries of the district judges of Ohio up to
the salary of the northern district judge for the
State of Illinois—$3,500 a year. In the district
of Wisconsin, where there is not so much busi-
ness done as is done m either the northern or
southern district of Ohio, the judges receive a
salary of $3,000 a year. In the District of Co-
lumbia, where, I venture to say, the judges do
not sit as many days in the year as cither of the
district judges of Ohio, they receive $3,500 per
annum. You cannot take the salaries of judges
fixed by State Legislatures, under all sorts of par-
tisan demagogism, for the purpose of breaking
down a good judiciary, as the basis of a calcula-
tion for the salaries of these United States judges.
The district judge of the northern district of Ohio
has all the business incident to the criminal pro-
cedure of the United States, and in patent cases,
and to the large amount of admiralty cases aris-
ing from the commerce of the lakes. It is sitting
almost every 'day in the year, either in court or
in chambers. It does the Federal business for
the half of a State of two and a half million peo-
ple, having a large commerce and extensive inter-
State intercourse. It is the same in the southern
district of Ohio. In addition to his other duties,
the judge has to attend to the large admiralty
business arising out of the Ohio river, and tins
business involves important questions and large
amounts of money. From the statistics which
were carefully examined by the chairman of the
JKidiwary Committee, that committee was unani-
mously of opinion that the salary of these judges
should be $3,500 a year. I think, even without
the additional duties imposed, the salary is not
exorbitant. Compared with the salaries of the
judges of the superior courts of Cincinnati and
Columbus, it is not more than adequate.
But, Mr. Speaker, there is, as I say, an addi-
tional labor imposed upon these judges. The
northern judge,by this bill, is compelled to travel
to Toledo, which lias grown beyond any city in
the West since tho last census, and is now a con-
spicuous point of commercial and grain business
on our lakes, having a large admiralty business.
He is compelled to hold court there. The dis-
trict judge of southern Ohio is also compelled to
travel from Cincinnati to Columbus, there to hold
court at least once a year, for the convenience of
the public, and for the convenience of the gentle-
man's [Mr. Stanton] own constituents. 1 do
hope and trust that if there be in this House an
appreciation of an honest, fearless, and upright
judiciary, it will be demonstrated by givinga lair
compensation to these judges. The gentlemen
who fill these positions m Ohio are not such as
my friend has described them. They are learned
in the law, able, honest, and upright judges; and
I hope they will not receive a repulse from any
Ohio member.
Mr. SIMMS. Is it in order now to move to
amend the bill?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. SIMMS. Then I move to amend the first
section of the bill, by inserting after the word
" Ohio," the words "and Kentucky." Myob-
ject in ottering this amendment is not to preju-
dice the hill reported from the Committee on the
Judiciary. I think that, above all the other pub-
lic officers, the judges of ourcourts should be well
paid; not only the judges of the United States
courts, but the judges of the State courts. There
should be such salaries attached to the position
as would justify the best legal talent of the coun- .
try m undertaking the duties of that office. j
The amendment offered by me to this bill I base \
or thjs ground: the State of Kentucky has but J
one district judge of the United States—the whole \
State composing one district. The judge of that
large district receives for his services only $2,500 !
a year. The State of Florida, with a less popu- 1
lation, and with less business to be transacted,
has two United States judges, who receive be-
tween them $5,250 per year. The State of Mis-
souri has also two judges, receivingbetwecn them
$5,000 per year. The State of Alabama, with a
population not equal to that of Kentucky, and
with less judicial business, "the judge there re-
ceives $2,750 per year. Now, I think that it is
perfectly fair and right that, since the d istrict judge
for the State of Kentucky has to perform all the
duties of his office for the whole State—a labor
certainly equal to that performed byanv other
judge in the southern or middle States—his salary
should be incieased so as to make it at least equal
to that proposed by this bill to be given to the
district judge of Ohio. I therefore move my
amendment, to make the salary of the district
judge of Kentucky $3,500 a year.
Mr. HOLM AN. I suggest to the gentleman
from Kentucky that he shall amend his proposi-
tion so as to embrace within it the district judge
of the State of Indiana.
Mr. SIMMS. I agree to that suggestion; be-
cause the State of Indiana, which is one of the
largest western States, has but one district judge,
and I think it but right that his salary should be
increased. 1 modify my amendment accordingly ?
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire to submit a priv-
ileged motion. I do not wish to interfere with
this matter at all; but, as tho morning hour has
expired, I move that the rules be suspended,and
that the House resolve itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has not
expired yet.
Mr. SilERMAN. Well, my motion is a priv-
ileged one, even during the morning hour; but I
do not care to press it.
Mr. SIMMS. 1 have not yielded the floor.
Mr. SHERMAN. I thought the gentleman
was through.
Mr. SIMMS. No, sir. I now move the pre-
vious question.
Mr. BINGHAM. I raise a question of order
on the proposed amendment.
Mr. BURNETT. I \mderstand that the pre-
vious question has been moved, which cuts off
debate.
The SPEAKER. The Chan* understood the
gentleman from Ohio to rise to a point of order.
Mr. BINGHAM. My point of order is: that
the amendment of the gentleman from Kentucky
is not germane to the bill at all. This is a bill
for increasing the salaries of the judges for the
northern and southern districts of Ohio. The
gentleman proposes to amend it by introducing
legislation touching the salary of the district judge
for the district of Kentucky. That is not in order.
Mr. SIMMS. I think it is.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. Is it in order to
move to lay the whole subject on the table?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I make that motion.
Mr. SHERMAN. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion.
Mr. BURNETT. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. I call up, now, the motion to reconsider
the vote by which the.resolution to adjourn over
the holidays was rejected yesterday.
Mr. SHERMAN, t believe 1 have the floor.
I move that the rules be suspended, and that the
House resolve itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union. Pending that
motion, I move that all debate on the bill before
the committee shall cease in ten minutes after its
consideration shall have been resumed.
Mr. COLFAX. Before that question is put,
I desire to make a statement. The House is aware
that the Post Office Committee 
JVIr. BURNETT. I believe I was recognized
by the Chair, and submitted a motion which is in
order. I called up the motion to reconsider the
vote by which tho resolution for adjournment was
rejected yesterday.
"Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I believe J have the
floor.
Mr. SHERMAN. I submit the motion that
the rules be suspended, and that the House re-
solve itself into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union. This whole matter may
come up afterwards. Pending that motion. I move
that all debate upon the bill pending in committee
bo closed in ten minutes after the committee shall
: resume its consideration.
Mr. BURNETT. What bill is that?
Mr. SHERMAN. The railroad bill.
Mr. COLFAX. £ desire the indulgence of the
House for a moment. The Committee on the Pcfst
Office and Post Roads, as it is known, is in ses-
sion every day. This morning, when the hour
of twelve arrived, a United States Senator was
before the committee, and we did not come into
this Hall until after the call of the Post Office
Committee had been completed. I understood
from the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means that the committees would not te
called this morning, but that the House would at
once go into the Committee of the Whole on the
Pacific railroad bill. What I now ask is, that
after the business of the Committee ori the Judi-
ciary, shall have been disposed of, the Post Office
Comrfwttec may again be called.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection, such
will be the order of the House.
Mr. MONTGOMERY. I object.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the objec-
tion comes too late.#
j\Ir. BUIlNEfa* I now call up my^motionto
reconsider. 4
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion that
the motion of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Sherman] to go into the Committee of the Whole
will take precedence. .
Mr. BURNETT. I hope the House will vote
down the motion to go into committee, and dis-
pose of the resolution to adjourn over.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The motion
of the gentleman from Kentucky is a privileged
one, and takes precedence of the motion of the
gentleman from Ohio, as I understand it.
Tne SPEAKER. The Chair is of the opin-
ion that the motion of the gentleman from Ohio,
being one to suspend the rules, must take prece-
dence.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask that the vote may be
iirst taken upon closing debate on the pending bill
in the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. BRANCH. I question whether such an
order in general terms can be made. The partic-
ular bill upon which the debate is to be closed *
must be stated.
Mr. SHERMAN. My motion was to close
debate upon the bill pending in committee, which,
as it is very well known, is the Pacific railroad
bill.
Mr. BRANCH. Oh, no; I deny that fact.
Mr. SHERMAN. Very well; I say thepend-
ingbill,and the committee will decide what that is.
Mr. BRANCH. What I want decided is, upon
what bill it is proposed to close debate.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands it is
House bill No. 703,to grantland in alternate sec-
tions to aid in the construction of certain railroads
in the Territory of Nebraska.
Mr. BRANCH. Iwant,asl have said, to have
the bill specified on which the debate is to be
terminated. I think we might as well settle the
question here, to what bill the motion refers.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 refer to the railroad bill,
of course.
Mr. BRANCH. I deny that that is the bill
pending in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union. I deny the fact upon which
the gentleman's motion is based; and I deny that
the motion in the form in which the gentleman
states it is in order; because it is based upon a
fact of which the Speaker of this House can have
no knowledge. He cannot know what is pending
in the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union. If the gentleman from Ohio will put
his motion in the alternative, to close debate upon
the Pacific railroad bill, provided that is the bill
pending in committee, I will not object to it; but
I do object to the question being decided here in
the House as to what is pending in the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union. The
House cannot know officially what is pending in
committee.
Mr. GROW. I rise to a point of order. The
rule piovides that when a motion is pending to
close debate upon a bill in the Committee of the
Whole, that motion is not debatable. .
Mr. SICKLES. I desire to refer the gentleman
from North Carolina to the 114th rule, which pro-
vides that—
"In Committee of the Wiwle on the state of the Union,
the hill*? shall be taken up and disposed of m their order on
