1122
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 22,
invariable practice of the Committee on Foreign
Relations, in cases of this kind, to offer them as
amendments to the appropriation bills.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 do not feel disposed to
debate this question. I thmk cases of this kind
aro very frequently rejected. It seems to me very
clear that this is a private claim. I have no other
objection. I thought it my duty to make the
point.
Mr. HALE. The very case the Senator from
Illinois names—that, of Mr, Clay—was passed as
a private bill.
Mr. DOUGLAS. It may have been a private
bill; but these cases have been very frequent.
They occur very often. This man is now in the
office; and these arc unadjusted accounts, sus-
pended now in the Department. It is not a pri-
vate bill in any sense of the word. It was expense
incurred in carrying on the public service. The
Government is now using the returns he was then
called on to make. I have submitted this matter
to the Committee on Foreign Relations, and they
referred it to the State Department. The State
Department have made a detailed report upon it,
and see no teason why it should not be allowed,
both as to the services and the circumstances of
the case. This is simply to authorize the Depart-
ment of State toadiustthe accounts of Mr. Helm,
putting the limit above which they shall not go—
the limit being the same sum that the committee
referred to the State Department, and they re-
turned, seeing no objection to it.
Mr. IilCE. With the permission of the Sen-
ator from Illinois, 1 ask whether Mr. Iiclm did
not make the investigations icferred to, and pei-
form the services for which charges are made,
under instructions from the Department of State?
1 understand that he did, and therefore I appre-
hend that the claim is not of the character which
the lule excludes lroin an appropriation bill.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I am obliged to the Senator
from Minnesota. Being done under the orders of
the Department, it is conclusive that it is not a
private claim.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It does not make the
slightest difference in the world. If the Depart-
ment had n right to give the order and pay for it,
very well. But if it gave the otder and could not
pay the money until they called on us for an ap-
firopmuion, it is a piivate claim. If there is no
aw by winch it can be paid, and no money ap-
propnated to pay it, it makes a claim on the Gov-
ernment.
Mr. DOUGLAS. There is a law under which
it was authorized to be done. I have the law
here, which icquires those reports to be made;
ana in pursuance of that law, the Secretary
directed Mi. Rtlm to make these reports.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Ue makes his own re-
ports.
Mr. DOUGLAS. No; it directs him, then, to
employ a force to make these leports. He com-
plies with it, and this amendment is to pay the
expenses of what the Department ordeied to be
done. - That iy the mam pfcu of the item. There
is another item in the amendment.
The PRESID1NG OFFICER. Under the 30th
rule of the Senate, to any general appropriation
bill no amendment can be leeeived whose object
is to provide for a private claim, unless it be to
carry out the provisions of an existing law or a
treaty stipulation.
Mr. KICK. 1 beg to state to the Senate that
the services were pei tunned by Air. Tlelm under
an existing Jaw. His piedecessor m the consu-
late had neglected his duties, hi* ail.iiis had been
permitted to become disordered, and the Depart-
ment of State ordered this gentleman to perf'oim
this duty under the authority of law. I contend,
therefore, it cannot he a piivate claim.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to sec that
law.
Mr. HALE. Will the Chair indulge me a mo-
ment : I am a little surprised at the view the Sen-
ator from Minnesota takes of this subject. The
rule docs not apply to whether the services w< ie
rendered by law, but whether iheie is a law to
cairy out th * compensation that is asked for. I
presume all private claims ore tenderer! by virtue
of some law. That is not the moaning of the uile;
but the ra'e I-;, thot a private claim shall not be
put on the appropriation bills, unless it is to carry
out a law; not wherherthe services were rendered
according to law.
Mr. DOUGLAS, I do not understand the rule
"as the Senator from New Hampshire does. If
there was a law making payment, we should not
have to come here at all. Hence the rule applies
to cases where the services were performed under
a law, but where there is no law directing pay-
ment. If there was a law directing the payment,
we should not come here to get this amendment
passed.
Mr. FESSENDEN. But it would have been
without an appropriation. It wants an appropri-
ation.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I will read so much of the
letter of the Secretary of State as refers to this
point:
'• In respect to Mr. Helm's claim for extra services in
prepaung the quartcily icturns and the reports which his
predecessor failed to ttansmtt io the Depaitmcnt, I have no
icason to doubt the coirectnoss ot'the statement made bv
him m hisinemoiial. ft wa.>nec'cs&aiytliatthewoiks-i:ould
be done, for the icason that, at a pott so important as Ha-
vana, where American intciate so laigely concerned,
the iccoids ol the consulate should be caiefully kept in a
form readily accessible, reference being made to them in
cases wheie the rights ot slUp-ma>iers, insuiauce compa-
nies, importer, anil cxporteis ofgood^ aie involved. Copter
oftheieiums and icpoits were also required by tins J)c-
paitment in oulei to enable it to comply with the piovis-
10ns or the Ihst and second sections ot die act of Augiut 18,
1S36, amexulatoiy ot an act lequumg f'oieign iemulations of
commerce to be laid annually beloie Confess. Thechar-
actei of the consular reeouis and books, in the natuie of
coiisulni retains, ma> be seen by leJcronoetoehaptensfour-
tcen and fifteen, of the Commercial tteguiattoiis."
I have those regulations here. The law required
these returns to be made, and required the Secre-
tary of State to have them, in order that he might
make the report to Congress. He requires the
consul to have this thing done. The consul did
it; and now this is to pay the expenses of what
the Department required to be done.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is very evident that
this is within the rule. The law requires the Sec-
retary of State to make certain ictuius. He finds
that be is not in the possession of information,
owing to the failure of a consul to give it; and he
calU upon that consul's successor to bring up the
deficiency and give him the information; and that,
the Senatoi f-oin Illinois says, brings this appro-
priation within the existing law. It cannot be so.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Aikansas. I believe the
subject now before the Senate is entirely on the
point of order. The 30th rule, under the head of
" Amendments to appropi lation bills," covers the
case entnely; but 1 believe the debate is now going
on on the incuts of the amendment, and not on
the point of otder. I ask for the leading of the
30th rule. The amendment is evidently in order,
as moved by the direction of a standing commit-
tee.
The Secretary read the 30th rule, as follows:
'•No amendment pioposing additional appropriations
shall he received to any irencial appropriation bill, unless it
he made to cairy om some exit-tin" law, or some actor
le-o'ution pioviouslvpa^sorf by the Senate, during that ses-
sion, or moved bydiieetion ot' a standing or select com-
mittee of the Senate. And no amendmcnt'shall be iceeived
wIiom. object h to provide lor a private claim, unless) it be
to eany out the provision* of an existing law or treaty stip-
ulation."
Mr. FESSENDEN". It makes no matter
whether it is moved by a committee or not, if it
is a privare claim.
Mr. DOUGLAS. This is to carry out an ex-
isting law; for the law in regard to these returns
could not be earned out without this service.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair is
of opinion that this is a private claim,and comes
within the 30th iu!>-. It is therefore excluded.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Then I shall take an appeal;
and ask for the vas and navs upon it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
would prefer submitting the matter to the Senate
ns a question of order.
Mi. DOUGLAS. I withdraw the appeal. Let
the Chair submit the question. I ask for the yens
and nays on the quesbon of admitting this amend-
ment.
The yeas and nays were oidered.
Air. TRUMBULL, if I understand the ques-
tion, it is, is the amendment in order?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That is the
point. The amendment is offered; objection is
made on a question of order, and that question of
order is submitted to the Senate under the rule al-
lowing the Presiding Officer to submit a question
of order to the decision of the Senate.
The Secretary proceeded to ^ali the roll.
Mr. RICE, (when his name was called.) Un-
derstanding that this service was performed under
and by direction of the Secretary of State, and by
the authority of an existing law, I vote " yea."
The result was then announced—yeas 16, nays
25; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Bigler, Bragg, Crittenden, Douglas,
Fitch, Hemphill, Johnson of Arkansas, Johnson of Ten-
nessee, Lane, Latham, Powell, Rice, Sebastian, Seward,
Wigfall, and Wilkinson—16.
NAYS —Messrs. Anthony, Baker, Bingham, Bright,
Cameion, Chandler, Clark, CoHarner, Dixon, Doolittle,
Durkee, Fessenden, Foot, Green, Ginnes, Hale, Hunter,
King, Mortili, Polk, Sumner, Ten Eyck,Trumbull, Wade,
and Wiisou—25.
So the Senate decided that the amendment was
excluded under the rule. •
Mr. BIGLER. I am authorized by the Com-
mittee on Commerce to submit sevcial amend-
ments to this bill. I offer the following amend-
ment, to come in at the end of the first section:
For payment of balances due eonti actors for building
custom-houses at Belfast and Ellswoitii, in Maine, $-H8 75.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I will inquire whether that
is a private claim ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wanted to hear the ex-
planation first, before making that point.
Mr. BIGLER. This is a report from the Bu-
reau of Construction. On page 87 of the esti-
mates, you will find this:
"The custom-house and po=t office at Ellsworth and
Belfast is complete; the building occupied; balance of
$-148 75 is still due the contractor; no available appiopri-
ation."'
There is the regular estimate of the balance of
the contract.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I raise a point of order.
Here is a case where a man has gone on and done
his work, and has a private claim of over four
hundred thousand dollars, and there is no money
to pay it.
Mi. BIGLER,. Four hundred and forty-eight
dollars.
Mi. DOUGLAS. Well, $448. 1 make the
question that it is a private claim. 1 object to it,
and raise the point of order.
Mr. BIGLER.. It is regularly estimated for
by the Department, and the balance set forth in
official papers.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I understand how easy it is
to get estimates that suit gentlemen. The very
gentlemen who ruled out a case of a private claim
a few minutes ago, have occupied ncai Iy half the
day in advocating the private claim of the city of
Cleveland upon this bill; and the very committee
that made the objection on me, repot ted that with-
out a pretext of having a law under which itarose
After taking half a day to go through an amend-
ment for a favorite, where there was no pretext
of its coming under a law or the rule, then objec-
tion is raised and made if a just claim is brought
up on the other side When I spoke to a mem-
ber of the committee upon what it was, "Oh,
but ncomes from the Finance Committee !" Has
the Finance Committee anymore right to offer an
amendment, that does not come within the rule,
thnn the Committee on Foreign Relations? I in-
tend now to expose this scheme by which favor-
ites can be brought in, and then the rule is en-
forced against others.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator from Illi-
nois has a great habit—he cannot do business
here without being abusive of somebody. What
right has he to talk about favoritism ? I stated,
and the chairman of the committee stated, on
tins floor, that this matter, with regard to the
Cleveland claim—if the Senator pleases to call it
so—passed without much consideration, and we
thought wrongly. I stated it publicly that we had
not sufficiently considered it, and that I had come
to the conclusion that we ought not to have ad-
mitted it, and I voted against it; and now the Sen-
ator gets up here,and addressing me, talks about
attending to favorites and introducing favoiite
claims and excluding him. Why, the Senator is
most unjust, and abusive too. I take it, the Sen-
ator has no right, because he happens to be dis-
appointed by the decision of the Senate, to make
these charges upon the committee. I do not sup-
pose that we are exempt from the possibility of
mistakes; but when we frankly admit we have
niade a mistake, and vote against an amendment
in consequence, I think that ought to excuse us,
at any rate from such charges as are made by the
Senator. Now, sir, it is a fact, with regard to
