164
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 20,
I deem it to be my duty to press this point of
order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
point of order, and dccides that the amendments
are properly in order to this bill. ,
Mr. REAGAN. I do not think that the Chair
understands the point of order.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is not in order.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I do not propose to
debate the point of order, but I presume that it
is in order for me to state it.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is not in order on
points-of order. The Chair overrules the point
of order. "Does the gentleman take an appeal?
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I do.
Mr. JONES. If these amendments can be of-
fered at this time or before the bill was read by
sections what, then, was the use of going through
the formality of reading it by sections ?
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from In-
diana moves that the bill be laid aside to be
reported to the House with the recommendation
that it do pass, while amendments are pending.
The Chair decides that the motion is not in order
until the amendments are disposed of. Prom that
decision the gentleman takes an appeal. The
question now is: " Shall the decision of the Chair
stand as the judgment of the committee ?"
Mr. DAVIS, oflndiana. I hope that the Chair
will state further, that the amendments were of-
fered before the bill was read, and that it is not in
order to propose an amendment until the Clerk
reads the bill by sections for that purpose.
The CHAIRMAN. It has been customary to
offeramendments in the nature of substitutes, just
as these were offered.
The committee was divided; and there were—
ayes 87, noes 32.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained.
The CHAIRMAN. The question is upon the
amendment to the amendment.
.Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I made a point of
order upon the amendment, and I desire to have
the amendment read.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman desire
that the amendment proposed by the gentleman
from Ohio shall be first read, and then tho amend-
ment proposed by the gentleman from Iowa?
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. Yes, sir.
The Clerk commenced the reading of the amend-
ment.
Mr. REAGAN. I desire to inquire if that bill
is bill No. 835?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair does not know.
He appeals to the committee to listen to the bill
as read by the Clerk, and then they will know
what it is. It is the amendment proposed by the
gentleman from Ohio to strike out and insert.
Tho Cleric resumed the reading.
Mr. REAGAN. I suppose that we all desire
common fairness, and my object is to know
whether the gentleman from Ohio offered, as a
substitute to the pending bill, bill No. 835, word
'for word ?
The CHAIRMAN. The Clerk is reading the
amendment of the gentleman from Ohio.
Mr. CURTIS. 1 would suggest that the read-
ing of the substitute be discontinued, and that my
amendment bo read, because that is the one upon
which we will have to vote first.
Mr. REAGAN. I ask if the amendment is not
the same as the substitute?
Mr. CURTIS. It is not. The amendment and
the substitute are different.
The CHAIRMAN. AH this conversation is
out of order. When a gentleman calls for the
reading of a paper, it is the business of the Clerk
to read it.
Mr. CURTIS. I wish to say, with the indul-
gence of the House, that there can be nothing
accomplished by reading the substitute of the gen-
tleman from Ohio. A vote will first be taken, I
suppose, unless some mode is found to prevent it,
upon my substitute for his substitute. The two
are different. I hope, therefore, that the amend-
ment will be read which will be first voted on. .
Mr. DAVIS, oflndiana. I withdraw my call
for the reading of the amendment, and will sub-
mit my point of order.
Mr. McCLERNAND. Did the gentleman from
Ohio propose a substitute for the original bill?
The CHAIRMAN. He did; and the gentle-
man from Iowa moved to strike out all after the
enacting clause, and to insert.
Mr. McCLERNAND. Then there is only one
amendment to the bill pending.
The CHAIRMAN. TPhere is one substitute to
the original bill pending, and an amendment to
the substitute.
Mr. McCLERNAND. The proposition is to
amend the substitute, and not the original bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair states that the
original bill has been read through by sections for
amendments, and any amendment proper to be
made at the end of the bill can be received still;
but the committee cannot go back and propose
amendments to the previous sections.
Mr. BRANCH. I suppose that a point of order
going to the reception of an amendment upon the
ground of irrelevancy ought to be decided now.
The CHAIRMAN. It would be in order to
hear the point raised by the gentleman from In-
diana, which went to the relevancy of this amend-
ment of tho gentleman from,Iowa.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I found my point
of order upon the 48th rule, which is as follows;
" No motion or proposition ou a subject different fioin
that under consideration bliail be admitted under color ot
amendment. No bill 01 resolution shall, at any time, be
amended by annexing thereto, or ineoiporatins therewith,
any other bill or resolution pending before the House."
The point of order is, that the bill under con-
sideration is a bill granting alternate sections of
land to the Territory of Nebraska for the pur-
pose of aiding in the construction of a railroad.
The amendment proposed by the gentleman from
Iowa is a different bill in every respect whatever,
and is not germane to the proposition under con-
sideration. It is a bill, not granting public lands
to aid in the construction of a railroad to one of
the States or Territories of the United States, but
a bill to constrict two railroads across the conti-
nent—a Pacific railroad—and to pay for the con-
struction of those roads out of the public Treas-
ury in money. The original bill proposes to
grant to a Territory, to aid in the construction of
a railroad, alternate sections of the public lands;
the other proposes a grant of money to a corpo-
ration, and therefore they are wholly different;
and the substitute is irrelevant. Without elab-
orating tiiis point of order further—for I believe
it is clearly defined to every gentleman here—I
submit it to the decision of the Chair.
Mr. SICKLES. I desire to call the attention
of the Chair to the authorities upon this point in
which the same question has been raised and de-
cided. A similar question was raised in both
the Thirty-First and Thirty-Second Congresses.
During the first session of the Thirty-First Con-
gress, as appears by reference to page 1321 of the
Journal of the House, a bill was pending entitled
"An act proposing to the State of Texas the
establishment of her northern and western bound-
ary, and the relinquishment by the said State of
all territory claimed by her exterior to said bound-
aries, and of all her claims upon tho United
States." " Pending that bill," the Journal says,
" Mr. Boyd moved to amend by adding the fol-
lowing." Here follows a bill of thirty-two sec-
tions, establishing territorial governments for the
Territories of New Mexico and Utah. Mr. Mead
raised the point of order that such amendment
was not germane to the measure under consider-
ation; that the amendment contained provisions
similar to bills already before the House, and
consequently, under the rules, was out of order.
This, certainly, presents a case of dissimilarity
much stronger than the one before the Chair for
his decision. The Speaker ruled that the amend-
ment was in order, stating that he was of opinion
that the bill from the Senate under consideration
brought before the House the question of terri-
tory acquired from Mexico, and that all propo-
sitions affecting that territory, or proposing to
dispose of or provide for it, were germane to the
bill, and therefore in order as an amendment.
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire to state that the
amendment I have offered is not like any other
bill before the House.
Mr. SICKLES. I am aware of that. I am
now upon a different point, and am citing author-
ties upon the point whether the pending amend-
ment is germane or not.
From that decision of the Chair Mr, Schenck
appealed; and upon the question being put to the
House, the decision of the Chair was sustained
by a vote of 123 to 84.
During the first session of tho Thirty-Second
Congress the same point was raised again and
decided. The House had under consideration a
bill reported by Mr. Hall, of Missouri, from tho
Committee on Public Lands, granting therightof
way, and making donations of public lands, to the
State of Wisconsin, to aid in the construction of
a railroad from Chicago to the head of Lake Su-
perior. Mr. Gray moved to amend the bill by an
amendment granting to the State of Kentucky
lands inaidofvariousroadsin Kentucky. On that
amendment Mr. George W. Jones raised the point
of order that the amendment was upon.a differ-
ent subject, and consequently out of order. The
Speaker decided that, inasmuch as the bill pro-
vided for the donation of land to a State to aid in
the construction of a railroad therein, it was com-
petent to amend it by a provision for other States
for a similar purpose. He therefore overruled
the point of order. An appeal was taken from
that decision; and, on a motion made to lay the.
appeal upon the table, the appeal was laid on the
table.
Another amendment was offered granting lands
to other States to aid in the construction of rail-
roads, and that amendment was received. Both
the questions raised in this case were entertained
and decided—first, whether the amendment was
germane; and second, how far the bill contained
provisions in substance like another bill before
the House. • It was held that, although a propo-
sition may be in substance the same, yet, unless
it was for a purpose different, it was notexcluded
by the rule.
And I desire to c®l the attention of the Chair,
in this connection, to the remarks upon rule 48,
on page 10, of the volume of our Clerk, John M.
Barclay, where he states that formerly the rule
was to exclude a proposition if it was not sub-
stantially like the bill before tho House; butthat
it had been held repeatedly, since, that amend-
ments including the same provisions, to a great
extent, as other bills before the House, were in
order.
There are other decisions; but these are suffi-
cient.
Mr. BRANCH. I do not intend to consume
time unnecessarily upon this bill. I only want
the point of order distinctly made. The gentle-
man from New York [Mr. Sickles] will under-
stand that the point of order made by the gentle-
man from Indiana [Mr. D.vvis] is not at all based
upon the fact that this bill contained provisions
similar to other bills pending before the House.
I do not understand that that point is made at all.
The point is made, because the bill proposed as
an amendment is unlike to, and irrelevant to the
bill for which it is proposed to be substituted. I
call the attention of the committee to the titles of
the bills themselves. The title of the pending
bill is as follows; " A bill granting alternate sec-
tions of public lands to aid m the construction of
certain railroads in the Territory of Nebraska."
There is a distinct proposition set forth in the
title of the bill. Its character, its object, its pur-
poses, are made clear by the title. The bill that it
is proposed to'substitute for it also has a title in
the words: "A bill to secure contracts, and make
provision'for the safe, certain, and more speedy
transportation by railroad of mails, troops, muni-
tions of war, military and naval stoics, between the
Atlantic States and those of the Pacific, and for
other purposes." In all the cases cited by the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Sickles,] the
bills were identically the same in their provisions,
alike in their object, and similar in the means they
proposed to attain that object. The decision of
the House in each of those cases was based on
tho fact that they were exactly similar.
Mr. SICKLES. If the gentleman from North
Carolina will pardon me, I can correct him upon
that point.
Mr. BRANCH. I would rather state my point
of order. It is difficult to present these compli-
cated points of order if interrupted.
Mr. SICKLES. I beg tho gentleman's par-
don,
Mr. BRANCH. I will hear tho gentleman.
Mr. SICKLES. I desired to correct the gen-
tleman as to the first authority which I cited. I
think the gentleman did not honor me with his
complete attention, or he would not have fallen
into the error. The bill moved as an amendment
then was a bill to provide territorial governments
for Utah and New Mexico; the bill pending before
