1126
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 23,
Mr. "WADE. I believe this involves precisely
the same principles as the amendment for Cleve-
land. I believe that this is right; I behoved*hat
was right; and I do not think there is any dis-
tinction between them, except that the improve-
ment at Cleveland is a fact accomplished for the
benefit of the Government, and the other is to be
accomplished for the same reason. One is recom-
mended, the other has been done with the appro-
bation of the Government. 1 shall ccrtainly vote
for this, because 1 voted for the other. I believed
that was right. 1 believe no honorable man would
refuse to pay for improvements made for him,
such as the city of Cleveland made for the Gen-
eral Government. They were just as necessary
to the improvement of its property there, as this
will be to its property in Brooklyn. There is no
difference at all in principle. Both are right. The
Government ought to pay both. I shall vote for
this; and then, when we get into the Senate, if
this carries, I shall move again to insert that; and
I hope and expect that the Senate, if they vote for
the one, will also vote for the other. A Jesuit
could not distinguish in piinciple between the one
and the other.
Mr. BRAGG. I shall vote against this amend-
ment, as I voted against the other. Differing from
the Senator from Ohio, 1 believe that was wrong,
and I believe this is wrong—if not entirely so, at
least in part. 1 think it involves precisely the same
principle as that involved in the amendment which
was offered in relation to the town of Cleveland.
I understand that this $60,000 is to be appropn-
ated to build a sewer upon Government piopeity.
The appropriation made m 1857, was this:
u For the consti action ot ;i snwci upon FhiMung avenue,
to Vanderbilt's avenue, thence through the United Suites
grounds to the Wallabout watei, ftGO.UOO." ,
* So the Senate will perceive that the appronria
tion is for the construction of a sewer upon Flush-
ing avenue, to Vanderbilt's avenue, two of the
avenues m the city of Brooklyn. Now the Gov-
ernment property, the navy-yard, may be adja-
cent to those streets.
Mr. GRIMES. Docs not the Government own
to lift center of the street?
Mr. BRAGG. I will not undertake to decide
that nice question. It is a legal question, about
which there has been a great deal of difficulty; and
it depends very mueh on the laws in lelation to
the chaiters of the cities. We cannot decide that
question here; it is a very nu.e question, but not
a very material one, 1 think, so fir as regaidsthis
amend nn'iit.
Mr. GRIMES. Certainly it is mate) in!, if the
Senator bases his opposition to it on the fact that
we do not own the pioperty. It is very material;
because if we do own the piopertv to the center
of'the street, our half of the sewer is on our own
piopei fy
Mr. BRAGG. That, brings up the question
which was debated this niotning, as to whethei
a property-owner is bound to contribute, even
though that property-owner should be the Uni-
ted .States, towai ds the consti notion of sewers for
the bejjefitof acity. The Senator was in too much
of a huiry, for I should have touched that point
directly. I take it that this sower from Flushing
avenue to Vanderbilt's avenue is necessary to the
city There is nothing here to show that it is ne-
cessary in order to afford proper sewerage for the
navy-yard; but I take it, the fact is, that it will
be convenient after this sewer is constructed. It
is necessaiy for the city of Brooklyn, and it will
be convenient that it should be constructed from
the Government grounds into "Wallabout bay, and
that is all of it. If that be true, it amounts to
nothing more than this: that the Government of
the United States is asked to construct for the city
go\ crnment, or rather to pay one haif the expense
of constructing, a sewer that is necessary for the
city government, and then, m order to carry into
effect that work, it will be more convenient to
comey the sewer through the public grounds 
Air. SEWARD. Will the honorable Senator
excuse me one moment; I do not wish to inter-
rupt him longer than to ask leave to make a priv-
ileged motion. I move to reconsider the vote of
the Senate upon the Cleveland sewer.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
to reconsider will be enteied.
Air. BRAGG. Mr. President 
Mr, BRIGHT. The Senator from North Car-
olina will allow me to suggest that this question
is likely to take some time. I have several amend- :
ments that 1 wish to offer, from th^ Committee on
Public Buildings and Grounds, involving the ex-
penditure of a considerable amount, and 1 should
like to have the advice of the committee. They
are to meet in the morning. For that purpose, I
move that the Senate adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
IN SENATE
Saturday, February 23, 1861.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Gurley.
The Secretary proceeded to read the Journal of
yesterday.
Mr. WADE. I move that the further reading
of the Journal be suspended.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is suggested that
the further reading of the Journal be dispensed
with. The Chair hears no objection.
OKDEU 01? BUSINESS.
Mr. WADE. I wish now to move to take up
the bill in relation to the postal service. ["Oh,
no!"] I want to get rid of that bili, and then I
shall not trouble the Senate.
Several Senators. There is not a quorum
here.
Mr. WADE. Then we cannot do anything.
Air. POWELL. I ask the indulgence of the
Senate, to allow me to make a repoit.
Air. KING. I should like to present a couple
of petitions.
Air. WADE. I have no objection.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will call
the attention of the Senate to the fact that we lose
a great deal of time in this way. If Senators will
allow the Chair to call for petitions and reports,
they would never consume more than ten or fifteen
minutes.
Mr. WADE. VcryiwcJJ.
PETITION'S AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. KING presented the petition of Samuel
Rhodes and others, citizens of Philadelphia, Penn-
sylvania, and its vicinity, asking that piovision
may be made by law that whenever, within a
limited number of years, any State of this Union,
now admitting domestic slavery, shall decree the
emancipation of all slaves, and the final extinc-
tion of involuntary servitude, except for crime,
within her boi ders, an exact enumeration of said
slaves shall be made; and foreach and evi.-iy slave
emancipated thine shall be paid from the Treas-
ury of the United States to such State, for equi-
table distribution among the slaveholders, a sum
of money, to be ascei tamed as Congress, in its
wisdom, may direct; which was ordeied to he on
the table.
I le also presented the petition of A. D. Beuhler
and others, citizens of Adams county, m the State
of Pennsylvania, sett ins; forth thattTiey believe that
the provisions of the Constitution are ample for
the preset vation of the Union, and the protection
of all the material interests of the country; that it
needs to be obeyed rather than amended; and that
our extrication from piesent difficulties is to be
looked for in efforts to preserve and protect the
public property and enforc" the laws, lather than
m new guarantees for particular interests, or com-
promises or concessions to unreasonable demands;
and praying Congress, first, and aspaiamount to
all else, to maintain and defend the Constitution
of the United States in its integrity; to make no
concessions or compromises under menace from
any part or portioa.®f the Confederacy; to devise
all just measures to protect the national property,
and to defend the national flag fiom insult or dis-
honor, while avoiding bloodshed, if possible; to
calmly, but firmly, enforce the Federal laws, and
thus vindicate the power of the American Gov-
ernment to maintain itself against all its enemies;
and earnestly representing that the Crittenden
compromise does not meet with the sanction of
the people of Pennsylvania; because her people
will never consent that the national Govern-
ment shall undertake to recognize and protect
slavery in territory of the United States, thus caus-
ing them to participate in the establishment of a
system which they have already abolished within
their own State jurisdiction; which was ordered
to he on the table.
Air. TEN EYCK presented the petition of A.
P. Stanton and others, citizens of the town of
Tom's River, New Jersey, setting forth that, in
their belief, it is not only incompatible with honor
and patriotism, but cowardly and base, for Repub-
licans lo surrender, under the pressure of seces-
sion and secession threats: and, as they have done
no wrong, but have, in the last election,succeeded,
by constitutional means, by addressing the en-
lightened reason and conscience of the people, m
view of long years of misrule, and to maintain
the supremacy of the Constitution and the laws,
they respectfully, but earnestly and firmly, recom-
mend the Senators and Representatives in Con-
gress, and all others in authority, to stand by the
Constitution as it is, and the Government of the
country, and to make no compromise whatever;
which was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. CRITTENDEN presented a petition of
citizens of Michigan, praying for the adoption of
the compromise measures submitted by him, as
modified by the representatives of the border
States; which was ordered to lie on the table.
He also presented a petition of citizens of Lin-
coln county, Maine, praying for the adoption of
the compromise measures submitted by him;
which was ordered to he on the table
REPORTS PROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. WILSON. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and Militia, to whom
was referred a report ot the Secretary of War,
communicating, in obedience to law, a state-
ment of the contingent expenses of that Depart-
ment for the year ending June 30, 1860, to move
that it be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. The Committee on Military
Affairs and ALhtia, to whom was recommitted
the bill CS. No. f>,j3) for the better organization of
the militia of the District of Columbia, have in-
structed me to report it with amendments. I
move that the amendments be acted on at this
time. 1 think there will be no sort of objection.
Mr. MASON. I object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection being
made, it must lie over.
Air. POWELL. The Committee on Pensions,
to whom was recommitted the bill (H. R. No.
909) for the relief of Thomas Chittenden, have
instructed me to report it without amendment,
and recommcnd its passage. I ask the consent
of the Senate to consider it now. It is a very mer-
itorious case of an old soldier in the Army. He
is very aged. He served as an ensign and lieu-
tenant in the Army. It is only eight dollars a
month.
Mr. KING. I object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will lie over
Mr. GW1N, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, to whom was referred the
bill (H. R. No. 723) lor the telief of Harris &,
| Ilodge, of Missouri, reported it without amend-
ment.
COMMITTEE CLERKS.
Mr. FOSTER. I offer the following resolu-
tion; and ask for its present consideration:
Rcwlced, That the Clerk* of the standing committees,
except those of Finance, Claims, and Printing, shall re-
ceive the u*u«it compensation for sixty days alter the ad-
journment of the Senate.
Mr. GRIMES objected to the consideration of
the resolution; and it lies over under the rule.
POST ROUTE BILL.
Mr. GWIN. I am very anxious to dispose of
the question that was interrupted in the midst of
some remarks I was making yesterday, in regaid
to appointing a committee of conference on the
post route bill. It will consume a very short time
now, I think, if the Senate will take it up. I have
but a few more remarks to make.
Air. GRIMES. That is the question on which,
I understand, there is a controversy between the
Senators from California.
Air. GWIN. It will be very short. It is a
mere question whether we shall have a commit-
tee of conference or agree to the amendments of
the House of Representatives. I shall have very
little to say m addition to what I have said. Then
the Senate may do what they please with the bill.
The motion to take up the post route bill was
agreed to.
Air. KING. I desire to make a report.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If no objection be
made, the report will be received.
Air. POWELL. I object.
