1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1127
Mr. KING. Then I will not make it.
Mr. GWIN. I was stating yesterday that,
while I preferred the amendment as it passed the
Senate, without any restriction as to the costof a
daily mail over the central route, the objection to
the House amendment was, that the entire mail
service to the Pacific coast, including that created
by the bill, would cost a much larger sum than
the present state of the Treasury justified; butthe
main objection I had was, that I thought it would
jeopardize, if not destroy, the service on the cen-
tral route.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is a great
deal of noise and confusion to the left of the Chair.
The voices are louder than that of the Senator on
the floor. The Chair will arrest public business
and the Senator in his remarks, until gentlemen
resume their scats.
Mr. GWIN. These mail facilities across the
continent should be performed for the lowest pos-
sible sum: but the conveyance on the central route
ought to be certain. There should be no uncer-
tainty in the conveyance of the entire mails on
some route. At present, we know that the route
through Texas, the Butterfield route, has been
interrupted. "We have intelligence, which is cn-
tncly reliable, to that effect. We know that when-
ever any disturbance takes place in this Govern-
ment—if there should be any collision between it
and the one that has been established in the south-
ern States, almost as a matter of necessity the
ocean route will be interrupted—there.will then
be danger on the route; for privateers could easily
intercept steamships passing to and from Califor-
nia. That will make it hazardous, at least, to
trust the entire mail on that route. So that if, at
tins time, we should pass the House bill, and it
should prove, by experience, impossible to carry
the mails on the central route for $800,000 a year,
we may have no mail at all. If we should adopt
the proposition, which I have no doubt we can
agree upon, to carry the entire mail on the central
route, we can do it, in the aggregate, for the next
four years after the 1st of July, fur $1 ,500.000 less
than the proposition contained in the House bill.
If it should go into operation, and we be com-
pelled to continue the ocean service at $350,000 a
year for these four yuais, it would be $2,500s000
more than we can get the entire service performed
for on the central route.
Now, I come to what occurred yesterday. My
colleague sent a paper to be read at the Clerk's
table as the proceedings of the Post Office Com-
mittee of the Senate. My colleague was warned
at the time by the Senator from New Hampshire
[Mr. Hale] that it was an unusual thing to in-
troduce the proceedings of a committee before this
body; and it was a timely and a friendly warning
too, because, if my colleague alluded to what oc-
curred before that committee at all, he ought to
have told the whole truth, and not give in part
what he represented that the committee had agreed
upon, without giving its whole proceedings.
To show that the gentleman committed a grave
error, at least, by introducing that paper, 1 will
state what did occur in relation to this matter.
When I endeavored to get the House amendment
concurred in, as I said before, objecting to its
main features, it was in the expectation of getting
amendments on the Post Office appropriation bill
that would remedy its defects; but when I saw
that a formidable opposition had sprung up against
the House, amendments, such as 1 believed would
jeopardize the passage of the bill, it was then de-
termined by the committee, of which I am acting
as chairman, to endeavor to overcome these objec-
tions. Various propositions were made. Itwas
the desire of the committee, if possible, to secure
a certain service at the least possible expense to
the Government on the central route. The But-
terfield route had been in operation for yeais; it
had performed the service well; it had always come
up to the contract; and knowing that there was
danger of its being interrupted, knowing there
was a possibility that the mails could not be car-
ried on that route, owing to apprehended dis-
turbances in the South, and desiring that they
should not suffer loss by the destruction of ser-
vice on their route, and thus subject the Govern-
ment to heavy damages, it was proposed to transfer
the service under that contract to another route;
and for that purpose it was considered in the com-
mittee whether it was not better to report to the
Senate an amendment to the House bill for its con-
sideration, by which the expenses of the service
could be reduced, the Butterfield contractors re-
moved to the central route, and we have a certain
mail to California on that route.
One of the main objections to a daily mail by
four-horse post coaches was, that it was much
more expensive than a tri-weekly mail; anditwas
the subject of consideration before the committee,
whether or not we had not better recommend to
the Senate that they should take this lower degree
of service three times a week, and a pony ex-
press three times a week, which we could secure
for amuch less sum of money, than to require these
contractors to carry the mail six-times a week in
four-horse post coaches, taking into consideration
the vast amount of printed matter necessarily to
be carried over. That committee determined at
one time to make that report to the Senate; buton
this day week, after a long interview with the
chairman of the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads of the other House, and with my own
colleague, [Mr. Scott,] a member of that House,
expressing their grave doubts whether we could
get through that House any amendment to this
bill; and whether we should not jeopardize the
measure,if we did not passitjustas it camcfrom
the House of Representatives, and then put our
amendments on the Post Office appropriation bill,
I called the Post Office Committee specially on
Monday morning last. That was the time of their
regular meeting; but in order that there should be
no mistake, I sent notices to the members of that
committee to meet at ten o'clock that day; and the
first proposition I made, as will be recollected by
all its members who were piesent, was, that we
should take up and pass the House bill; do pre-
cisely what my colleague has been urging here;
and state to the Senate that the committee had pre-
pared a plan to offer, as an amendment to the Post
Office appropriation bill, to do away with the ob-
jections that wc presumed now existed in this
body in regard to passing this proposition in its
present form. I brought before that committee a
direct proposition to take up the House bill that
morning, and pass it if we could; and if it did pass,
to give an assurance to the Senate that wc wou£d
move an amendment to the Post Office appropria-
tion bill, by which we would render itabsolutely
certain that we should have mail communication
on the central route; and if we could not get it,
as provided in this bill, for $800,000, then it
should be offered to the Butterfield contractors at
$1,000,000 for tri-weekly service; and if they
would not take it, then that their contract should
be forfeited, giving them $300,000; and then the
service was to be offered to the lowest responsi-
ble bidder, to carry all the mails at a limitation of
#1,100,000.
Here is the proposition which I had written
out, that was under favorable consideration in the
committee at the very time this motion fora com-
mittee of conference, was made. I make this ex-
planation that the Senate may understand that it
was based upon the assumption that the House
amendment limited the compensation on the cen-
tral route, for the eastern mail, to ^800,000:
Sec. —. Jlnd he U further cnactcd^ That, should the Post-
master General bf  unnhle to obtain the mail seivice speci-
fied in section eighteen of the *■' Aetefctabls-dungeertairi post
routev' appioved Fcbiuary —, l^bl, piovidmsr lor a daily
oveil.md lu.ui. then it shall be his duty to modify tho con-
tract for mail seivice on route No. 125TB, so as to provide,
in lieu of the piesent service, for the transportation ot the
entiie mail tri-weekly, overland, between t?t. Joseph, Mis-
roum, or any other point on tne Missoun nver eonneeted
by rathoad with the Ea?t, and FoUom, in California, over
the ceutial route, and tor the delivery of the entire mail-:,
semi-weekly, foi Denvei City and Great Salt Lake City,
and provide" by vini modified conuact, that the enure let-
tei and nevvspapei mail shall be earned through in twenty
days, when the -ame shall not exceed m.\ hundred pounds
in "weight, and the remainder of the newspaper ma)!, if any,
and all other punted mattei, shall be earned tlnouyh in
thirty-live days; hut the contractors .-hall he permitfed to
curry all punud matter by the steam-hip louto.at then own
expense, at le;wt semi-monthly, from New Yoik to San
Franei-eo. And said contiactors s>hail be lequhed toiun
over said route a pony expie-.s, on alternate days, with the
mails, b> which they shall transporter the Hnited States,
iree ot charge, wnen required, mail mattei not exceeding
live pounds per tup in weight, and shall cany all lettoioand
new-paper? for the pubbc at a ehaige not exceeding riity
cf-Mits pci quartei ouneeof weight; such express mail to be
earned thiough duuns sixmorithsot the year ineightdays,
and duung the icsidue ot the year in twelve days ; tlie ser-
vice to tominenco on the It-t of July, 18G1, and terminate
on the 30th of June. 1865. And the Postmaster General is
authorized and directed to pay to said contractors for the en-
tire service above pioyfded lot, out of any moneys in the
Trea-ur\- not otherwise appropriated, a sum not exceeding
$1,000*000 per annum.
Sec. —. *ftnd be it further enacted, That should the Post-
master General be unable to obtain a satisfactory mail ser-
vice according to the terms and conditions of the eighteenth
section of the actestablishing certain post routes, approved
February —, 1851, or should" the contractors on said route
No. 12578 fail or refuse to assent to a modification of their
contract as hereinbefore provided for, it shall be the duty
of the Postmaster General, m either of these events, to dis-
continue the mail service on said route No. 12578, paying
to the contractors as damages in full of all claims against
the United States, six months' mail pay—the modification
or discontinuance of the*ioute No. 13578 not to affect any
mail routes connected therewith.
Sec. —. Jlnd be it further enacted, That should the Post-
master General fail to obtain daily overland service accord-
ing to the terms of the act establishing certain post routes,
approved February —, 1861, before referred to, and should
the contractors on route No. 12578 fail or refuse to accept
the modifications of their contract, as hereinbefore pro-
vided for, then he be, and is hereby, authorized and directed
to procure a daily transportation of the entire United States
mails over the central route, from the Missouri river to Fol-
soni, California, and a semi-weekly conveyance of the
mails to Denvci City and Great Salt Lake City. All letters
to be carried thiough in twenty days, printed matter in thir-
ty-five days, with a privilege tothecoutiactortocarry such
printed matter by steamship route from New York to San
Francisco twice a month. And that lie be authorized to
pay for said seivicc a sum not exceeding §1,100,000 per
annum out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated. The service to commence July 1,1861, and
terminate June 30, 3865.
That was the proposition that was last consid-
ered by the Post Office Committee, and I may
say was approved by the committee, when the
Senator from New Hampshire suggested that
probably we could get clear of the difficulties and
complications of first passing the bill and then
notifying the Senate that we were going to amend
it on the Post Office appropriation bill, by asking
for a committee of conference. That is the way
this motion came here. Itwas not (as the infer-
ence could be drawn from what has been said)
that we desired a committee of conference for the
purpose of ingrafting on this bill the provision*
which my colleague had read yesterday. That
was abandoned by everybody, and the proposi-
tion I have now read is the one that was under
1 consideration at the time the suggestion was made
, by the Senator from New Hampshire [Mr. Hale]
I to nsk for a committee of conference; and yet the
inference can be drawn, from what my colleague
said yesterday, that we had asked for a commit-
tee of conference in order to have the proposition
ho read incorporated in the bill. Nothing is more
destitute of truth than that. It was not in the
mind of any member of the committee, and any
insinuation of that sort, come from what source
it may, is utterly false and without foundation.
It was intended for no such purpose, directly or
indirectly. That proposition had been entirely
abandoned, and the one I have read was under
consideration, when we asked for a committee of
conference. The proposition was to pass this bill,
and then prepare amendments for the purpose of
removing its defccts, and make secure the carry-
ing of the mail on the central route, the only cer-
tain one we have now, where external or inter-
nal disturbance cannot interrupt it, because, even
if the State of Missouri was to secede and disturb
the St. Joseph terminus, we provide that the mails
could be conveyed from Iowa, for we know that
State will not secede.
Mr. GRIMES. No, sir.
Mr. GWIN. The whole object of the com-
mittee from the first has been to make a certain
communication on the central route, and to give
full and fair compensation to the contractors on
the other routes that were to be discontinued. In
fact, all of these contracts will expire on the 30th
of June next, except on the Butterfield route, and
no damages to be paid to any except on that.
We can concentrate this service at the outside
expense for conveying the entire mail daily, for
$1,100,000, by the central route, and that would
be the entire cost per annum to the United States
for the next four years of the mail service between
the Atlantic and Pacific coasts.
The conveyance of these mails is very expense
ive. For ten years we have not paid less than
$738,250 ft year for the service to the Pacific
We have paid as high as $2,300,000 for it annu-
ally. That was when the Treasury was. flush,
and the Government could afford to indulge in the
luxury of many overland routes. Now, our ne-
cessities are upon us, and I am willing, so far as
I am concerned, to concentrate the whole of the
mail service on one route, and be certain to con-
vey the mail every day in the year, and for the
smallest sum of money—
