1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
stated that there are two amendments pending in
the nature of a substitute, and that no further
amendments arc in order. The question now is
on the amendment of the gentleman from Iowa,
[Mr. Curtis,] which is to strike out and insert.
If agreed to, no amendment will then be in order
except to add.
Mr. McCLERNAND. X do not wish to wrestle
with the opinion of the Chair.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman take
an appeal from the decision of the Chair?
1 Mr. McCLERNAND. I do not. I only wish
to stevte, if the amendments pending are in the
nature of substitutes, that I think we have the
right to make amendments to them before the
question is taken on their adoption. The one
for which the other is offered as a substitute, is,
i think., open to amendment as if it were the ori-
ginal text.
The CHAIRMAN. If the gentleman will con-
sult Barclay's Digest, at page 80, he will find the
Chair's decision to be the correct one.
Mr. KUNKEL. I rise to a pointof order. I
understand—and if I am wrong 1 hope that I will
be corrected—that the substitute offered by the
gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Curtis] is the same
as House bill No. 835, which is upon the Calen-
dar, and near the end of it.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Iowa
has stated that his substitute is not the same as
<any bill pending in the committee or before the
House.
Mr. KUNKEL. I have not heard the substi-
tute read, and I am unable to tell whether it is
like the House bill to which 1 have referred or
not. If it be the same as the bill now upon the
Calendar, then it is not in order.
The C^HAIRMAN, The gentleman is labor-
ing under a mistake. The substitute is not the
same as the bill to which he refers, and it has
been so stated by the gentleman from Iowa, who
submitted it.
Mr. KUNKEL. I desire to call the attention
of the Chair and the committee to the facts.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is not in order
If the gentleman rises to a question of order, he
will stale it.
Mr, KUNKEL. I do: and I will refer to a rule
of the House before the Chair dccides upon the
point I present. By a vote of the House, a few
days ago, substantially the same proposition as
the pending substitute was refused to be consid-
ered in the House, and was referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
it was determined to be an appropriation bill of
that chaiactcr wlticli required it to be first con-
sidered in the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union. Such was the decision of the Speaker,
and I understand that the whole House acquiesced
in that decision. My point of order is, that this
substitute, being the same as the Pacific railroad,
bill which was referred, under the rules, to this
committee, cannot now be entertained. It must,
J contend, be discussed and have full considera-
tion here before it can be reported to the House.
I would direct the attention of the Chair to rule
112 and the comments of Mr. Barclay, our Jour-
nal Clerk, upon the subject.
The CHAIRMAN, We are now in the Com-
mittee of the Whale on the state of the Union,
and the substitute is open to amendment and dis-
cussion to theextent ai ready -stated by the Chair.
Mr. SCOTT. The same point has been made
and decided oncc before, and I call the gentleman
from Maryland to order.
Mr. KUNKEL. I suggest, with all fespect to
the Chair, that this substitute has not been dis-
cussed and considered in this committee to the
extent designed by the rules of the House. It has
not been discussed and considered as the rules
require all appropriation bills .shall be considered
and discussed in the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union.
Mr, COLFAX. I call the gentleman to order.
The CHAIRMAN- The Chair overrules the
point of order raised by the gentleman from Mary-
land.
•Thequestion was taken on Mr, Ccutis's amend-
ment to the amendment', and it wns agreed to.
Mr.REAGrAN. Ipresumeihatl raayaoiv offer !
my amendment to the amendment of the gentle- 1
man from Ohio, [Mr, Sherman,] as amended.
The CHAIRMAN. The committee having
adopted the substitute of the gentleman from
Iowa, the amendment as amended is not now m
order, except by a motion to add to it. Nothing
which has been inserted can be now stricken ouu
Mr. BRANCH. Does the Chair decide that a
portion of what has been inserted cannot \)e
stricken out?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides that it
is not in order to move to strike out what has
just been inserted.
Mr. BRANCH. The Chair is certainly cor-
rect, so far as striking out the whole of what has
been inserted. But does'the Chair decide that it
is not in order to move to strike out a portion of
what has been inserted?
The CHAIRMAN. What has been inserted
has been adopted as one amendment, and it is now
open to amendment only by addition. In the
opinion of the Chair an amendment in the sec-
ond degree, adopted as a substitute for an amend-
ment in the first degree, is not open to amend-
ment, except by addition.
Mr. REAGAN. I haveanamendmentto offer,
adding several new sections.
Mr. MAYNARD. If the ^ent'eman will per-
mit me, I will make a suggestion. It is this: it
is manifest that we cannot debate this substitute
in the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union. I therefore suggest that we take the
bill into the House with the understanding that it
mny there be discussed—say for one, two, or three
hours—and that amendments may be offered, such
as may be suggested by the gentleman from Tyfiis,
as well as other gentlemen.
Mr. REAGAN. I prefer to submit my^mend-
mentnow. ,
The Clerk read, as follows:
Add the following:
Sec. 16. And he it further evaded, That the persons
herein named m the first section of this act, be authorized
within thtee months alter the passage ot this act, todeteim-
me the amount of private capital stock which will he ne-
cos-iaiy to the completion of this road; and that they be
authorized to open hooks of subscription for said stock in
the cities of New York, St. Louis, and New Oilcans, and
in such other places as they may think proper, and to keep
the same open for the term of six months; and at the ex-
piation of said six months said stockholders shall meet at
such place as may he agreed on, and elect a board of direc-
tor* of not loss than twenty-live nor moie than forty mem-
bers, who shall supersede the poisons heiein named in the
control and management ot thcaffair^of said company; the
stock to be taken in shares of $100 each, and each share to
entitle the shaieholdar to one vote; and that no one per-
son or fiim shall he allowed to take more than $500,001) of
saidptoek: And provided fiuther, That five per cent, on
the amount of the stock sub-.mbod, shall bo paid to the
company, in ca^h, at the time ot taking the same.
Sec. 17. And be it fuitkcr enacted, That if any existing
tail road shall he adopted a* a part of either of the lines of
railroad to ho built under the provision-; of this act, it shall
ho under the following conditions, that is to say: the value
of the woik don:: on any load to be so adopted, and of all
the mateiiais ami .supplies belonging to the same, shall be
a^cciiained by three commissioner, to be appointed by the
Pie-udent of "the United States, who shall appraise the
same, undei oath, at their fair cash value; and tho board
of dneetors of any load so to be adopted shall, under oath,
make a full and (air statement and exhibit of all the liabil-
ities of tiie same ; and if the liabilities of any such loaddo
notexceed the value of the work done on, and materials and
supplies belonging to, the same, then it may be adopted as
a part of such line ot railroad ; and the company adopting
it as a part of such line of laihoad, shall become respons-
ible for all its liabilities so ascertained, but shall not become
responsible for any liabilities not so ascertained ; and if the
liabilities of any such railroad be greaiei than the value of
the work done on, and materials and supplies belonging to,
the same, then it <-hall not be adopted as a pait of cither
line of railroad authorized to be built by this act, unless
the stockholder and dircctois theioof shall consent to as-
sume and pay all of us liabilities over and above the value
ot the work done on, and materials and supplies belonging
to, the same.
Si;c. 18. And he it further cnacted, That the board of di-
rector of any raihoad proposed to be made a pari of either
of the lines of lailroad authorized to foe built under the
provisions of this act shall, under oath, make out a full and
fair statement and exhibit of all the stock taken in the same,
by \yhom taken, and when, and, if shown by the stock
books ot the company, by whom held at the time; and how
much has been paid on the same in cash; and if payments
have been made on the same otherwise than m cash, in
what meaner such paymontswere made; and hovy much
of the same has been issued without the payment of money
oi other consideration therefor; and how much of the same
has been issued on condition that the holder should pay less
than the face value on it, and how much was paid, or was
to be paid on any such stock. And alter the board of di-
rectors of any swell company shall have made the statement
and exhibit of the stock of the same as above required, the
President of the United States shall cause, the same to be
examined by threp commissioners, to be appointed for that
purpose, who shall ascertain what amount has been paid
on any and all of said stock in cash, and what amount has
been paid on such stock in services, material, supplies, and
labor; and shall issue to the holdcisof&ueh stock, at their
ejection, eilhera ceitifieate for the amount the stockholder
has paid as so much full paid btock under this act, or a cer-
tificate for any amount of stock, not exceeding the value
of the whole estate of the stockholder, nor in any event
$500,000, upon which the .pay mews made by such stock-
holder would be equal to five per cent,or more?,and the
same shall constitute so much of the private capitalIstoek
of the line oi railroad to which It may belong, authorized
1 to be built under this act; and all otherJStoclc held many
| railroad to be adopted as a part of cither of the lines of
i railroad authorized to be built under this act, shall be cut
off and disallowed by the consent of the stockholders 'arid
dirertors-of such railroad before it shall be allowed to he
made a part of either of said lines of railroad. And if^tfte
commissioners aforesaid shall not be satisfied that apy pay-
ments on said stock have been fairly made in good faith,
they shall take such other testimony, in addition to that
furnished by the stocks, books, and exhibit aboye required
to be made by the board of directors, as will sho\^ tfcetniti)
of the claim, and aliovv so much thereof as may be just and
proper, and no more. And a compliance with the require-
ments of this and the preceding section of this act shall be
necessary jis a condition precedent, before any existing rail-
road shall be allowed to form any part of either of the lines
of railroad authouzed to be built by this act, and before the
same shall be entitled to any of the Government affl herein
given -
Mr. REAGAN. Mr. Chairman, the first'por-
tion of the amendment just read was offered last
session to the bill then under consideration; and
was adopted, after full discussion, by a" vote of
nearly two to one. It was referred with the bill
to the special committee; which committee, dis-
regarding the large majority by which it had been
sustained in the House, struck it out of-the bill
which they reported. I only ask to restore what
has already been adopted by this House, and
which has been left out by the special committee.
My amendment is not intended to cripple the bill;
but, on the contrary, to perfect it, and to make it
stronger. My design is to place this project upon
a sound and sure basis. It will be perceived, from
the reading of the proposition, that it rests upon
good faith and fair dealing, by excluding, as far
as could be anticipated, all chance of making this
enterprise a mere matter of speculation to the
stockholders. It will prevent the incorporation,
into eithewof the roads to be built by the Federal
Government, of any of the badly-managed and
broken-down concerns now in existence. I speak
more particularly with reference to the road which
passes through the State of Texas, and through
the central part of the district which' I have'the
honor to represent upon this floor. Iam not will-
ing that a company shall be saddled upon this
enterprise which, upon examination, it is shown
cannot succeed-.- It would not do to co-fined with
this enterprise a company with sixty or a hun-
dred million dollars of stock a portion of which
is confessedly spurious, and has never been paid
for. It would not do to fasten so much stock upon
these roads with any hope that they will succeed.
If my amendment be adopted, it will strike off all
such things. No company will be incorporated
with the enterprise unless its affairs have been
propeily managed, and it is proved to be solvent
and in a good condition. I have not time to de-
bate this matter. If you pass the amendment in
the shape in which it now is, in my judgment
twenty-five miWS of the southern branch of the
road cannot be built, nor do I believe that the
northern branch of the road will be more success
ful; butthat,on the contrary,anumberofpersons,
peculiarly favored by the bill, will be made rich at
the sacrifice of millions of dollars, to those who
may be incautious enough to invest their capital
in the stock.
Mr. McCLERNAND. I desire to ask the
gentleman a question. I want to know what the
gentleman from Texas is prepared to say about
the com) lany mentioned in that bill in connection
with Texas.
Mr. REAGAN. 1 am not familiar with the
condition of that company. Our State engineer
lias shown that.they had $65,000,000 of stock in
the market, and he did not know how much more.
The common rumor is, that a large amount of this
stock* lias never cost the owners of it anything.
It is the incorporation of such stock as that in
this enterprise, to break it down, that I am op-
posed to; and therefore I oppose the bill.
Mr. SCOTT. I wish to state, while I am
willing that every gentleman upon this floor should
offer sucli amendments to this bill as he deems
proper and correct, that I shall certainly vote
against every amendment. At the last session,
this Congress appointed a committee of fifteen.
For three months was that committee in session,
having under consideration and perfecting the bill
which is now proposed by the gentleman from
Iowa as an amendment. It must be obvious and
apparent to every gentleman upon this floor, by
