148
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 20,
the majority by which this amendment was
adopted a few minutes since, that the House is
decidedly in favor of the amendment offered by
the gentleman from Iowa. I venture to assert,
if you will recfd the report of the committee of
fifteen, you will find that the amendment metes
out justice to each and every portion of this Con-
federacy. You will find that it gives a Pacific
railroad to the South, and a Pacific railroad to
the North; that it appropriates the common do-
main for their construction; and also appropriates
the bonds of the United States, which we. are all
responsible for.
Now, sir, while "I am willing to pay all due
deference to the opinions of gentlemen, and while
I may approve of the action of those gentlemen
in presenting their different amendments, con-
ceiving that they are performing their duties to
their constituents, I say again, that this railroad
bill is the product of the joint labors of the com-
mittee of fifteen, representing all sections of the
country, and adopted by them according to the
best of their judgment, after careful investigation
and due deliberation. They reported a bill which
will give every portion of the country a link with
the Pacific slope. I therefore say that, while
gentlemen may think it their duty to offer amend-
ments, 1 shall oppose and vote against them,
because the insertion of amendments to the bill
will, in my judgment, prejudice its passage in the
other House. 1 am led to believe, from conver-
sation with Senators, that if the House adopts
the bill #ow before it, the Senate will pass it; and
that if additional amendments are put to it, if it is
burdened with a dead weight, in order to repre-
sent the peculiar views of gentlemen representing
particular sections, that will jeopardize the pas-
sage of the bill in the other body. Being one of
the Representatives who feel a deep and abiding
interest in this matter, and believing that it is
about to culminate in what the friends of a Pacific
railroad have been waiting for for eleven years,
I shall oppose, and strenuously oppose, any and
all amendments which may be offered to this bill.
The question was taken on the amendment
offered by Mr. Reagan; and it was not agiced to.
Mr. ALDRICH. I desire to offer an amend-
ment, by way of an additional section.
The amendment was read, as follows:
ripe. 10. Jbitl be it further enacted, That to insure the
safe, certain, and speedy trauspoiiatiou of mails tioops,
and public stores, Samuel l>* Snickland of tho State oi
Maine, Joseph Grmnell of the State of Massachusetts,
George G. Fogg of the State, of New Uampshnc, Erastus
Fail banks ot tho State of Vermont, Oi ray Toft ol the State
of Rhode Island, 1). F. Robinson of the State of Connecti-
cut, Simeon Drapet of the State of Now York, YV. YV. Mur-
phy oi the State of Michigan, Nathan Cornlth of the Slate
ot Illinois, Samuel Marshall and J. H. Tweedy of the State
of Wisconsin, Samuel R Curtis of the State of Iowa, Alex-
ander Rantsev and Edmund iticc of the Slate of Minnesota,
William W. Miller of the Territoiy of Washington, and
David Logan of the State of Oiegon, shall have power to
lay out, construct, furnish, maintain, ami enjoy, a contin-
uous lailroad from the western honl«*ri>fthe SiateofMin-
nesota, on the iniht eligible imitc, to t*uget hound, a-^ may
bed'tei min"d bv the roiporationoforporalionscon-tiuct-
mg said road; and thi-road to he called the Northern Pacific
lailroad, and to be a continuation ol the railroad now being
constructed m the State ol'Miniu'-ota : and said corporation
or corporation^*, undeitalcing to buiM vaul road, m.iy con-
solidate, confedeiate, and associate with any other legal
and duly organized companies or corporations meorpotatcd
l>y any of the States, for the purpose ol aiding in the con-
struction of mi til road, upon just and equitable tetms;
and haul corpoiation or eorpoiations shall be entitled to
receive Government land per mile and bond.-of the United
Stales on said Northern Pacific iruhoad to tho same amount
and ou the sum' term* as aie given to the other companies
or corporations, duly and legally otganized, berembcfoie
mentioned m tin-, act, and cveij pioviMon,condition,lim-
itation, or lestnetion, in this act < ontained, applied to, or
imposed on, said companies oi corporations hercmbefoie
mentioned in this act, or madepaitot the giants to said
companies or eorpoiations, shall be, anfl the same aieh'Tf-
hy, cxpiessly applied to and imposed on tiic company under-
takingto build the Northern Pacific railroad ; and whenevci
said corpoiation or companies shall have filty < onsi\ utive
miles of anv portion of said raihoad and tclegia(>h line le.uly
lor the service contemplated by this act, and s-hall repoit
the same to the President of tiie United States, it shall be
the duty of tho President of' the United States to appoint,
immediately, three commissioners, at least one ot whom
shall be a civil engineer, who shall examine the same and
make report to him in relation thereto; and the services
contemplated, together with the duties ol the companies or
coj porations, shall he subject to the same provisions and re-
quirements as embraced in tho fourth section ot tins act.
Mr. ALDRICH. Mr. Chairman 
Mr, STEVENS, of Washington. Will the
gentleman allow me a moment5
Mr. ALDRICH. I yield to the gentleman
from Washing-Ion Territoiy.
Mr. STEVEJN'S, of Washington. I know, Mr.
Chairman, it is entirely useless to expect the adop-
tion of this amendment; bat I would feel that I
did injustice to this subject, and the interests of
the section I represent, if I did not occupy the
attention of the committee for the five minutes
allowed me, in urging the adoption of this amend-
ment. I have no question that theselectcommittee
of fifteen upon the Pacific railroad sought to do
justice to the great interests of the Pacific coast,
as well as to the interests of the States and Ter-
ritories on the Atlantic; but I am equally well con-
vinced that, practically, they have not done justice
to the great and growing interest of that Pacific
slope. I contend that their bill is not a measure
of justice either to our present or to our future
development. The bill of the committee proposes
not a northern and a southern route, but a south- i
ern and a central route; for the line of locatioa of J
what is there called a northern route, goes mostly
upon the parallel of forty and forty-one degrees
of north latitude; in other words, through the geo-
graphical ccntcr of this continent. We claim that
the great interests of commerce, and the develop-
ment of our interior, should cause this committee
to vote for the amendment of my friend from Min-
nesota.
Why, Mr. Chairman, this very last season we
have been compelled to send troops to Oregon and
Washington over the route of this northern line.
They went up the Missouri; they crossed over by
the wagon road recently constructed, and were
thflhcc distributed to the different military posts
in the department of Oregon. If this committee
and the House are determined to decide that there
shall be no northern route,let me call their atten-
tion particularly to the decision they make. That
decision will be putting o(F indefinitely this north-
ern route, so far as Americans are concerned, and
ignoring tho great line of commerce and the great
line of communication from our lakes to that
northwest Pacific. The question is simply this:
will this Congress see to it that we have a line of
travel on that great line of commerce; or shall
such a line of communication be the work of our
British neighboisr Shall that great line of com-
munication go north of our northern parallel?
Gentlemen frequently talk of the glowing future
of tins country and the growing strength of the
Pacific; but, ifyo'u pass this bill without amend-
ment, you will yield up that Pacific and the north-
western poition of our country to our British
neighbors and to British advancement; for they
have there a growing empire northwest of our
borders. We have there, not simply Puget Sound,
but great inland waters now alive with commerce,
and reverberating from the foiestsof their shores
the sin ill sound of the steamer. This very sea-
son the products of British Columbia arc five or
six million dollars; and we have now a great gold
region developing in our Territory. 1 wish to
present this question definitely. I have suggested
that this northern route is the great route of com-
merce; that it is the easiest route to grade; and
that it saves a great distance m the route to Asia.
It is the natural route of the. great international
commerce which must How through our midst.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr, CURTIS. The reason the committee did
not think it best to attempt three railroads was,
that it seemed to them that it would weigh down
the whole enterprise. The region of country to
which the gentleman from Washington referred,
is destined, some day, to be a most important
section of the Union; but at the present time it
has, eompaiatively, a very small population.
Washington Territory has but eight or ten thou-
sand inhabitants. Would it, therefore, be rea-
sonable, right, and proper, for the Government,
at this time, to commence the constinotion of a
railroad to a region of country where there are
so few inhabitants ? The time will come when 1
shall be glad to cooperate with the gentleman from
Washington in constructing the extreme northern
line proposed by the amendment of the gentleman
from Minnesota
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I call for
tellers on the amendment. I want to see if the
northern route has any friends here.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Aldiuch
and Baku were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes forty, noes not counted.
So the amendment to the amendment was dis-
agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I hold in my hand
an amendment in the nature of a substitute, and
I desire to make a proposition to gentleman upon
the other side, with a view to put an end to this
struggle.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman pro-
pose an amendment.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. Yes, sir; butl desire
to make a proposition first. I hold in my hand
an amendment, in the nature of a substitute for
the entire bill. My only object is to get a vote
upon it in the House; and if gentlemen will allow •
me to offer the amendment, and have a separate
vote upon it in the House; 1 will give no further
trouble at this time. That is a fair proposition.
Mr. CURTIS. I do not feel that it would be
proper for me to make any such arrangement. It
is not necessary at all. I think we are entitled to
a square vote on the amendment as amended.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from In-
diana asks the unanimous consent of the House
to have his amendment reported to the House.
Mr. HJNDMAN. I object.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. Then, Mr. Chair-
man, as the only mode in which I can get my
opinion before the House as to what Pacific rail-
road scheme I would vote for, I offer the amend-
ment which I send to the Clerk's desk, to como
in at the end of the bill as additional sections. I
ask that my amendment be read.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I desire to
make a suggestion to the committee. I under-
stand that the gentleman from Indiana proposes
not to take up the time of the committee now if
he can have a "vote on his proposition in the
House.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. Give me a vote in
the House; that is all I ask. *
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Then I sug-
gest to the gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Curtis]
that he had better agree to that, and let us go into
the House, have the main question ordered on
the bills, and come to a vote. I suggest that that
will save time and be much the better way.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. That is all I ask.
The CHAIRMAN. Tho gentleman from In-
diana asks the unanimous consent, of the com-
mittee to have his amendment reported to the
House to be voted on. Is there objection ?
Messrs. HINDMANand SICKLES objected.
The,Clerk then read Mr. Davis's amendment,
as follows:
That, with the view of aiding in the construction of a
suitable raihoad and telegraphic communication between
the Atlantic States and the Pacific ocean, there shall he,
and hereby is, appropriated and set agar! a quantity of pub-
lic land equal to the alternate sections-, fm the space of fif-
teen nulce. on each side of the following road and blanches,
fiom their eastern to their western termini; that is to say,
one main trunk railroad and telegraphic line fiom some
point on the western bonndaiy of the State of Missouri or
Iowa, between the thirty-seventh and forty-thiid decrees
of north latitude, on the nearest and most eligible loute to
the city of San Francisco, on the Pacific ocean; and also
two branch railroads and tflrgiaphic lines, one diverging
fiom the said main trunk load at some eligible point east
of the Rocky mountains, between the one bundled and
third and one hundred and fifth parallel of west longitude,
and running tinougli the Temtoiiesof the United States in
the direction of Memphis, in the State of Tennessee, which
shall he known as the southern bianeh; and one diverging
fiom said mam trunk load at the point last aloresaid, and
lunning through the Tcmtories of the United States to the
mo>t eligible point on the we-tern shore ot Lake Superior,
winch shall he known as the northern branch ; such lands
to he selected from the sections which shall be designated
m the public suA'cys of said lands (when made) by odd
number.?.and to be held and conveyed as bciein piovided;
and hi all ca-ics, when the United States may have dis-
posed of said lands or any pait theieof, or shall, from any
eau>Cj be unable to convey a title theieto, the deficiency
may be matle up hj the paity or p irties who may become
entitled thereto from any unoccupied and unappropriated
land belonging to the United States within the distance of
timty miles of said toad or roads: Provided, however, That,
foi such deficiency withm the State of California, and also
in lieu of all mineral lands m said State, (which are hereby
excepted fiom the appropriation herein made,) such selec-
tion may he made trom any unoccupied and unappropri-
ated lands of the United States within fifty miles of said
road m the said State.
Sec. 2. And be it further enactcd, That it shall be the
duty of the Secictary of the Inteuoi to cause advertise-
ments to he published in two newspapers in each State, and
in the District ot Columbia, for a reasonable time, not ex-
ceeding six months, winch advertisements shall invite
sealed and separate piopor-als for the construction of each
of said lines of road and telegraph in the manner herein
provided. Said advertisement shall include a copy ot this
act, as containing the terms upon which the United States
are willing to conuact for the construction of either of said
lines of mad and telegiaph,and shall require separate sealed
proposals, stating specifically whether it be tor the mam
tiunk,or northern oi southern bianeh line ; and also, Fir«t.
The time in which the party or pai ties propos£ tocon.«Uucl,
