1128
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 23,
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
California will be good enough to pause. It is
the duty of the Chair, at this hour, to < all up the
special order, being the joint resolution authoriz-
ing Commodore Paulding to receive n sword and
a grant ofland from the Republic of Nicaragua.
Mr. DOOLiTTLE. 1 suppose that will not
occuoy five minutes.
Mi.GWiN. Letmegoon. i shall get through
in live miiiuti'8, myself. k
The VICE PRES1 DENT. Does the Senator*
from California ask unanimous consent to pro-
ceed i
Mr.GWIN. Yes, sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair hears
no objection.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. This resolution lies over
informally.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Yes, sir.
Mr. GWIN. Bo far as I am concerned in re-
gard to this whole question, I neither have any
speeches to make for Buncombe, nor have I any
extraordinary protestations to make of my being
exceedingly serviceable to my constituents. All
I mean is this: that I neither intend to cheat nor
to be cheated. I was cheated last year—I do not
intend to be again—in regard to the service on the
central route. 1 want it established; I want the
service to be daily. I want it at the very lowest
sum that it can be got for. The other House limit
it to $800,000. 1 hove been assmed it could not
be done for less than §1,000,000; but for fear there
was a mistake about it, I have determined, as the
committee did, on the suggestion of the Senator
from New Hampshire, [Mr. Hale,] to put it up
to $1,100,000. That is what we were considering;
but wc did not act finally on it, when I was in-
structed to ask for this committee of conference. I
believe it can be performed daily for §1,000,000
on the central route; and I give everybody the
benefit of censuring me by saying further, that if
we cannot get a daily mail on the central loute
six times a week in four-horse post coaches, I will
agree to take it three times a week, and three times
with a pony express. The expense of running
four-horse post coaches six times a week is wry
much greater than of running tri- weekly. I should
be willing, m the present state of the Treasury,
to take that, if I could got no more. 1 do not care
who censures, like.*, or dislikes, what 1 say on this
subject here or elsewhcie. J believe the people
of California, in the present exhauxud stale of
the finances of the eoiuidy, will a^ire to a tn-
wu-kly letter mail and ti (-weekly pony expn.ss,
if we can get nothing better from Congiess. 1
know perfectly well the mails can be carried
cheaper over the central route than any other,
because it is the shortest and best. I wish to be
peifectly understood. 1 am for carrying the en-
entne mad on that route, where tin le can be no
dfsuubance, and where we can always get the
seivice.
I know, Air. President, that a great deal has
bet n $aiu about these ovetland mails. I was heie
a! the beginning of the system, four years ago,
when this very Butterfield line was established.
Ii was pronounced impracticable then. Every-
body now knows that it is practicable, and a per-
fect success. I was in favor of the experiment
being made on every oveiland route. It was then
believed that we eouid not carry 1 he mail on the
central route in the winter months; it is now
detnonstiated we can carry them the entire year;
and 1 am willing to concentiate the whole service
on that route.
Air. HALLS. Air. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The special order
was laid aside by unanimous consent to allow the
Senator fiom Caiifoi nia to conclude his remarks.
Air. GWIN. I hope we shall get through with
this subject this morning. This bill will be lost,
if we do not haw: some notion on it now.
Air. HALE. I feel it due to the Senate and the
subject, as 1 am on the committee, to say a few
woids.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no ob-
jection, the Senator from New Hampshire may
proceed.
Mr. HALE. I do not want to occupy more
than a few minutes. Tins matter has been some
two years before our committee, and 1 have de-
vot< d a good deal of time and attention to it, and
been a good deal harassed by it. I must say a
word, though, in regard to the course that has
been adopted by both the Senators from Califor-
nia. I have no word of censure, not the slightest,
to cast upon either of them; butl wish simply to
say that my understanding of the orderly course
of piocecdingm this body is, that the delibera-
tions of a committee are not the matter of discus-
sion in the Senate. 1 only understand the rule
for myself, and do not undertake to prescribe one
for others. That has been my understanding of
the rule, and therefore I shall have nothing to say
of what transpired in the committee; but 1 will
say this: I have from the outset been in favor of
a daily overland mail on the central route; but I
have been unwilling to impose upon the country
the burden of that expense at the same time that
we kept up what is called the Butterfield route,
and I want to have the action which establishes
the central route at the same time dispose of this
lower route.
If I thought this measure was a practicable
measure; if I thought that a daily overland mail
could be carried according to the terms of the con-
tract, as proposed in the House amendment at
this stage of the session—we have got so late in
the session—I would at once go for it, and let
them both go together until the next session of
Congress. But, sir, let me say that, in order to
be sure that 1 did not go in the dark, 1 have ap-
pealed to very many gentlemen from California
conversant with this matter, mail contractors and
not mail contractors, and 1 do not know that I am
trespassingupon the proprieties of the place when
i say that among those gentlemen were both Rep-
resentatives from the State of California in the
House of Representatives, and I have asked them
upon their honor as gentlemen if they would as-
sure me that they thoughtthe bill proposed in the
House could be carried out, and they failed, either
of them, to give me an affirmative answer. I do not
believe it is practicable; and I will tell you why.
When you had the continent to go over, you se-
lected a semi-weekly mail, and you gave ^600,000
for it; and the testimony of contiactors is gener-
ally that, in doubling your service, you nearly
double the expense, and in trebling the service you
nearly treble the expense. Therefore, if you had
to give £600.000 for a semi-weekly mail, you
would have to give wry nearly eighteen hundred
thousand dollars for a daily mail; and the House
amendment only proposes to give $800,000. 1
do not behe\e, thereioie, that it will be done. 1
deem it due to candor to say that some of the
gentlemen to whom 1 have appealed—and I have
sought information from every source wheie I
was likely to get it—have gone so far as to say
that they believed the contract could betaken;
and that is the extent. Not a man whom 1 have
consulted has given me an opinion that this con-
tract could be taken, and the service faithfully
performed, if 1 understand them aright, and I
think 1 do. Then, sir, 1 am unwilling to play
this child's play. I am unwilling to say to the
country and to the people of California, " we will
give you a daily mail by the passage of this pro-
vision," when, in my conscience, I do not believe
it will give them any such thing.
Such being the case, I think the course sug-
gested by the honorable Senator from California
faithest from me, [Mr. Gwin,] in this stage of the
session is the only practicable one. There are a
great many propositions of various sorts; and I
thmk that if we disagree to the amendment of the
House of Representatives, and take a committee
of conference, that committee of conference will
present a practicable scheme; and if they do not
present a practicable scheme, it will be open to us
at the very last day of the session to agree to the
proposition which has come from the House of
Representatives.
Now, sir, it is because I do not want to [day a ,
child'sgame here, and pass a bill fora dailymad, !
which 1 do not believe will give a daily mad, that ;
I am opposed to the passage of the House bill; '
and because 1 think, also, thatany legislation that j
does give this central overland daily route should i
be coupled with some sort of a disposition of the
Butterfield route. I thought so a year ago. A
year ago the Butterfield contractors would have
quit the concern, and gone off for a year's pay.
You would not do it, and what has been the re-
sult? They have got their year's pay, $600,000;
and you have got back, in the shape of postages,
$131,000; so that there is a dead loss of $470,000;
but if you had given them the $600,000, you could
have got rid of them, and be ready now to have
a central route. You are going to do the same
thing again, unless you dispose of this matter.
Now, you are to pay them $600,090 a year for
thre'e and a half years; and it you establish this
overland route, get infinitely less than #100,000 a
year. In fact, it is the payment of a bonus of
$2,000,000, and keeping the country out of what
they want—a piacucabie daily overland mail over
the central route.
If I know myself, I have no opinions to be vin-
dicated; 1 have no outsiders to please; I have no
prejudices on this subject; but 1 desire faithfully
to discharge my duty here, on this floor, as a
Senator of the United States; and, under my re-
sponsibilities, I think the public good requires
that we should agree to the proposition for a com-
mittee of conference; and I believe, notwithstand-
ing the fears of my honorable fiiend, the junior
Senator from California, that a committee of con-
ference will present a practicable bill to the two
Houses.
Before I sit down, I will say one thing more. If
this committee of conference is appointed, as I
hope it will be, I trust the Chair will not appoint
me on it. I have been twelve years a member of
this Senate. It was a good many years after I
came here before I was "healthy " enough in my
political organization to be on any committee,
and 1 have never yet so far recovered as to be on
a committee of confeience, and I do not want to
begin at this late stage.
Mr. LATHAA1. I want to say a word. I do
not mean to protract this discussion. My col-
league made some strictures upon myself, and
the Senator from New Hampshire has alluded to
them, which require that 1 should answer.
I want to say to the Senate, as well as to my
colleague, that I make it a rule in public life—and
I endeavor to do in private life—to say what I
mean, directly. I have too much respect for my-
self to attempt to do anything by insinuation. In
what I said yesterday, I was speaking of facts.
I was speaking of that which I believed to be a
part of the record of this body, a record of one
of the committees of this body; and therefore any
assertion by him is entirely destitute of truth that
I meant to insinuate anything except just what I
stated, which were simply facts that were patent,
and nothing more.
I do not question, in my official capacity, the
motives of any gentleman. Each member stands
on his own responsibility, as 1 do. What my
colleague said verifies what 1 stated yesterday m
this argument; and that was simply this: that
when he made the assertion last Monday that the
object of having a committee of conference was to
see if this mail could be carried for $800,000, as
provided by the House bill, that was not the only
question before his committee. That was all 1
stated, and this assertion he confirms by his own
statement. The amendment that I read yester-
day was given to me by a member of the commit-
tee, from whom I asked for a copy of what was
pending before the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads relative to thisgreatoverland mail
system, with the statement that it was being pressed
by my colleague, with whom the Senate knows
I am not on such terms that I could ask for it from
him. 1 regarded it as a public and official act;
and I have yet to hear from any Senator, except
from the intimation of the Senator from New
Hampshire and my colleague, that there is any
impropriety in speaking of acts befoie a commit-
tee. 1 expressly stated that 1 waived any right
I might possess to aigue it; that 1 had objections
to this amendment; but as it was not pending be-
fore the body, I would not discuss it. Now, the
| Senator from New Hampshire, if I correctly un-
I del stood him in the remarks he lias just made,
] supposes that if this committee of confer* nee is
I had, (and he seems to be put forward as the leader
| in this matter,) the two committees will not agree
[ on some new and different proposition from the
! one now pending between the two bodies. Do 1
1 correctly understand him, as supposing that the
| committee of conference will not bring in a new
proposition ?
Mr. HALE. I do not know.
Air. LATHAM, 1 suppose you referred to
that.
Air. HALE. I did not say that.
Mr. LATHAM. Now, Air. President, it is
apparent to my mind that the House of Repre-
