1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
complete, and finish the entire road and telegraph ready
for use, which period must not exceed ten years from the
signing of the contract; and also what extent and portion
thereof they propose to complete and put in operation du-
ring each and every year. Second. The time in which
such party or parties will surrender and transfer, free of
cost to the United States, for the purpose of being surren-
dered to the seveial States, as herein provided, the said
road, with its appurtenances and furniture. Third. The
sura, not exceeding $300 per mile, for cauying the United
States mails daily, both ways, 011 said road, under the direc-
tion of the Post Office Department, for the period of fifteen
years from the completion of the road ; and, while in course
of construction, for the portion in use, and at what rate
per mile, for a like period, arid on the portions in use while
being constructed) they will carry on said road, under the
direction of the proper Department, nil military and naval
stores, supplier, munitions, troops, and iieights of all kinds
for Government purposes, which sum or rate must not ex-
ceed that now paid in tiie aggregate for such service; and
from and after the expiration ot said period of fifteen years
said transportation, postal, military, naval, and for every
other Government purpose, shall be in like manner per-
tormed on said load, under the direction of the proper De-
partment, at reasonable prices, not exceeding those usually
paid for the time being on other first-class roads, to be as-
certained by Congress in the event ot disagreement between
the Government and the owners of the road.
Sec. 3. Jindbe it further enacted, That the Secretary of
War, the Secretary of the Navy, the Secretary of the In-
terior, and the Po&tmaster General, under the direction of
the President, be, and they arc hereby, authorized and in-
structed to contract with the party or parties whose pro-
posals, tis.aforesaid, for each of said lines shall be consid-
ered by them to be on the whole the most favorable for the
lull and complete construction and keeping up of each of
f^aid lines of road and telegraph, for which proposals shall
he made, complying with the terms of this act; the said
contract or contracts to provide for the road or roads as
herein described, and also for a telegraph line or lines on
the most approved plan; and that the party or parties whose
proposal or proposals shall be accepted, shall each deposit
Willi the Sccietaiy of the Treasury the sum of $500,000. or
the value thereof, in bonds, or certificates of stock of the
United States,t>r State bonds, whose market value shall be
at or above par at the time ot making said deposit, which
may be subsequently drawn our by them in sums ot $5,000
as the work proceeds, on the production of vouchers, show-
ing satisfactorily to said Secretary that an amount equal
thereto hat> been applied in good taith to the construction
of said road; and all obligations, contracts, andseeunties,
shall be binding and obligatory in law on the contracting
parties, accoiding to the exact term:* of their lespcctive
obligations, contracts, and undertakings ; all questions of
damages and forfeiture by rea-on of any breach of said
contract being determined by the express terms ot such ob-
ligations, contracts, and undertakings: Provided) That in
all contracts made in pursuance of this act the provisions
of tlie act shall betaken and considered as parts of said
contracts in like manner as if the same were bet forth in
full in said contracts.
Sec. 4. Jind be it further enacted, That in making said
contracts it shall be stipulated that, for the sake of conve-
nience, the said road shall be divided into sections of one
hundred miles cacb, and that none of said lands shall be
conveycd to the contractors until one of those sections shall
he completed and put in successful operation, when the
President shall convey, by patent to the contractors, three
fourths of the land pertaining to the section so completed,
retaining the other fouith as security for the completion 01
the next section of one hundred miles; and when the sec-
ond section shall be completed, the President shall in like
manner convey to the contractors three fourths ot the land
pertaining to that section, together with the lemaimng
tourth on the previous sccilou ; and so with each section,
conveying three fourths, and retaining one fourth as secu-
rity for the completion of the next, until the last section of
the road shall he finished and put in operation, when the
President shall convey to the contractor* the residue of the
land*; and it«hall also be stipulated in said contract*',that
the mails shall at all times be earned on said road undei the
diiection of the Post Office Department, and that nil other
transportation for the use ot the United States, as provided
in this act, shall be performed under the diiection of the
proper Department, and that the compensation therefor, at
the prices specified in said contract in pursuance of this
act, shall bo regularly paid from the Treasury of the United
States, quarterly, or at such times as shall be agreed upon:
Provided, That no money shall be advanced, nor shall any
such compensation be made, untd the service to the extent
of the payment so made shall have been first performed.
Sec. 0. Jind be it further enacted, That should any con-
tracting party or partressubstantially fail, neglect, or refuse
to prosecute the work undertaken by said parly or parties
in a manner to secure the completion thereof, in compli-
ance with their contract, and within the time stipulated, or
Mioitld such party or parties violate the terms of the con-
tracts, then all rights of said party or parties to said road,
n«ht of way, or prnpertv, shall bo and bocome forfeited to
the United States, and the United States may, and shall,
enter upon and possess the same. In the event of suehior-
feiture, to he determined by the Secretary of War, feeere-
tarv of Navv, Secretary ol Interior, and Postmaster t cn-
eral, with tile approval of the President, said Secretary of
War Secietarv of Navv, Secretary of Tnteuor, and Post-
master General, shall proceed to relet the work remaining
under such forleited cont.del, and p.ovide for the A bpo -
tion of the work done, in sueli manner as will secure its
eailiest completion in conformity with the provisions ol this
act' J-roS, That they shall not stipulate on the part of
the United States for any higher, or other terms, than are
herein expressly authorized and provided.
SEC."' M be it further enadad, That the party or par-
ties with whom the contractor mrtimB alorramd «1
made shall proceed, as soon as prac icable after
lion of such contract or contracts, to loeati the ,encral loute
ol Mud toad 01 roaiH. and fix tlte eastern and western term
inua 01 the same; and as soon as such general routt, 01
routes shall be determined, which shall not be more than
two years from the date of said contract or contracts, a
statement thereof shall be furnished by said party or parties
to the Secretary of War; and, as soon as practicable there-
after, the President shall cause the public land on each side
of said route or routes, to the extent of at least forty miles,
to he surveyed, and the Indian title thereto extinguished,
if practicable; and the provisions of the act of September,
1841, granting preemption rights, and the act amendatory
thereof, shall be, and the same are hereby, extended to such
lands, saving and excepting the lands herein set apart and -
appropriated lor the use of said road or roads aforesaid:
Provided however, That the alternate sections and parts of
sections of land which by this act shall remain to the United
States within the lines of fifteen miles on each side of said
road or roads shall not be entered or sold,by preemption or
otherwise, for less than double the minimum price of the
public lands when sold: Provided further, That so soon as
a contract shall be made, as aforesaid, for the construction
of either or each of said roads, it shall be the duty of the
President to cause the public lands,for not exceedingforty
miles on each side of so much of said route as the con-
tractors thereof shall indicate, in pursuance of this act, to
be withheld from settlement, sale, or occupation, until the
lands shall have been surveyed and the alternate sections
selected, as provided in this act.
Sec. 7. Jliul be it further enacted, That the party or par-
tics receiving grants of alternate sections of land, under
the provisions of this act, shall be required to sell and
unconditionally convey one half of the same within five
years from and after the issuing of the patent for the same,
or any part thereof; and all lands so granted to such party
or pai ties, and remaining the property of such party or par-
ties, or which may be held to the use or for the benefit of
such party or parties, at the expiration of ten years from
the date of the patent, shall be and become forfeited to the
United States.
Sec. 8. id be it further enacted, That the lands of the
United States, for two hundred feet wide along the entire
line of said road or roads, shall be, and are hereby, set
apart and dedicated as a highway for railway and telegraph
purposes; and the said party or paities may take any earth,
gravel, stone, timber, 01 other necessary materials for the
construction of said roads or telegraph from any adjoin-
ing lands ot the United States. All contracts jnade m pur-
suance of this-act, for the construction and keeping up of
a railroad or roads, and telegraph line or lines, shall pro-
vide for and require the railroad or railroads to be con-
structed in a substantial, thorough, and workmanlike man-
ner, with all necessary drains, culverts, bridges, viaducts,
crossings, turnouts, sidings, stations, watering places, and
all other appurtenances, including thefurmture and rolling
works of the road or roads, equal in all respects to a road
of the first class when prepaied for business, with rails of
the best quality, weighing not less than sixty-four pounds
to the yard, and a uniform gauge throughout the entire
length of each road; and shall also provide lor and require
a telegraphic line of the most substantial and approved de-
scription along the line of each road: Provided, They shall
not charge the Government higher rates than they do indi-
viduals for like service.
* Sec. 9. Jlnd belt further enacted, That the party or parties
constructing or owning either of sard roadi may at any time
construct one or more additional tracks along said routes
within the two hundred feet herein granted tor the right of
way. And all connections with said road or roads shall be
made under the direction of the Legislatures ot the States
or Territories, respectively, in which the same shall be con-
structed ; and no road shall be made in pursuance of this
act in the State of California without the authority of the
Legislature of that State, and then only by virtue of the
authority of such State.
Sec. 10. And be it further enacted, That whenever the
sard road or roads shall he surrendered to the United States,
in pursuance of the provisions ot this act and the contracts
authorized by it, thereupon so much of said road or roads
as may be within any ot the States shall, with their assent,
ve«t in and become the property of the State or States
within the limits of which the same may be located, subject
to the use of the United States for postal, military, and ali
other Government scrvrce; and also subject to such regu-
lations as.Congress may prescribe, restricting the charge
foi transportation thereon. And all other States organized
and admitted into the Union thereafter shall acquire the
same rights, subject to like provisions and restrictions.
Sec. U. Und be it further cnacted, That should the Sec-
retary of War, Seeretaiv of the Navy, Secretary of the
Interior, and the PostmasterGeneral, under the first adver-
trsement, fail to receive proposals, in compliance with the
provisions of this act, for making all or either of sard roads,
it shall be the duty of the <-ard Secretary to issue new ad-
vertisements, in like manner, for new pioposals, once 111
each year, until each ot said railroads and telegraphic lines
shall be put under contraet, in pursuance of the provisions
of this act, unless Congress shall otherwise order and direct.
Mr. DAYIS, of Indiana. Mr. Chairman, I
know that it is impossible, in the space of five
minutes, to enter into a discussion of this Pacific
railroad proposition; and therefore I do not in-
tend to attempt it. I know that my amendment
will be voted down. I know further, that there
is a majority in this House who are determined
to pass the bill as the special committee have re-
ported" it. I offer this amendment only for the
purpose of letting the country know what kind
of a Pacific railroad bill I am willing to vote for.
I desire to say further, sir, that the bill which
has been brought in here, and which, under the
whip and spur and gag' of the previous question,
will be passed through the House, without any
opportunity being afforded to those of us who
desire to propose amendments to it, will involve
this country now in a debt of £96,000,000, and,
before these majestic works* are- completed,in a
debt of |300,000,000; and that, too, when your
Treasury is bankrupt-j-when itis not able even1 to
pay the pages of this House; when-it i  notable
to pay the members of this House; when it is not
able to pay a single debt against it; and when
financial embarrassments hang like a pall over
the whole country; and when your public debtis
now over f50,000,000. At such atjme,and under
such circumstances, you are about, under the
whip and spur of the previous question, to- fbt^e
through the House a bill involving this country
finally in a debt of §300,000,000, or, perhaps,
twice that amount! x
I desire, Mr. Chairman, before the vote is taken,
that it shall go to the country what my opinions
are on this question, as a justification of the vote
which I shall give. Sir, 1 have always been in
favor of a Pacific railroad. Nearly ten years ago,
1 introduced a proposition into this House—and
it is the oilly measure for a Pacific railroad that
ever passed the House—similar to the amendment
which 1 now have the honor of presenting.
Sir, I yill vote for every reasonable proposition
to build a single Pacific railroad across this conti-
nent, but, so help me God, I will liot. now or
hereafter, vote to involve the Government in this
immense debt to build two railroads across the
continent.
[Here the Jiammer fell.]
Mr. GARNETT. Mr. Chairman, I should
not have participated in this debate, but for a re-
mark which I heard fall from my friend from Cal-
ifornia, [Mr. Scott,] who said, when speaking
of the bonds which one of these bilk proposes to
issue, that we were all to be responsible for them.
Sir, I know that it would be useless to debate this
bill in this House, for its course has shown that
it will not permit any rational discussion of the
principles of the bill; it ha's shown that it is de-
termined to pass it underthe lash and spur of the
previous question, without hearing the merits of
the bill or its constitutionality discussed. I know
that there arc gentlemen here, who, like my friend
from California, believe that the bill ought to be
passed; that itis constitutional, and that it is prac-
tical; but I believe there are many others who
have no dreams that this road would ever be con-
structed if you were to pass twenty bills, and with
whom the whole subject is simply a foot-ball for
parties in the game of President-making; and I
would advise those gentlemen, before they pursue
this game further, to inquire whether they will
ever have an opportunity of electing another Pres-
ident.
I return now to the remark of the gentleman
from California, who says that we are all respons-
ible for these bonds. Who are "all ?" Who are
"all?" Why,sir, even while your bill isunder
debate, one of the sovereign States of this Cob-
federacy has, by the glorious act of her people,
withdrawn, in vindication of her rights, from the
Union, as the telegraph announced to us at half
past one o'clock; and I have to say to the gentle-
man from California and to the House, that the
people of Virginia—ninety-nine in a hundred-
believe this bill to be unconstitutional,and though,
like mariners on the point of shipwreck, you may
break into thestore-roomforthe purpose of plund-
ering it, though you may squander the publiclands
and attempt to increase the public debt, itis my
solemn belief that the people of Virginia, when
my State takes that course which the thronging
events will lead her to take; will not hold them-
selves responsible for the first cent of these bonds
and appropriations.
Here the hammer fell.
The question was taken on Mr. Davis's amend-
ment to the amendment, and it was disagreed to.
The question recurred upon agreeing to the
amendment as amended.
The CHAIRMAN putthequestion, and stated
that the noes appeared to have it; butsubsequently
corrected himself,and announced that theayeshad
it; and the amendment as amended was agreed to.
Mr. CURTIS. I now move that the commit-
tee rise, and report, the bill to the House.
Mr. STEVENS, of Washington. I have an-
other amendment to offer. ' '
Mr. BARRET. I desire also to offer an amend-
ment. - - ,
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will state that
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Sherman] offered
an amendment, in the nature of a substitute, to
