1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1129
sentatives will never recede from the position it
has taken on these amendments which it has
adopted. They were considered deliberately by
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads?
of that House. 1 speak of them in juxtaposition
to the amendmentsof the Senate. The object that
my colleague wants, economy, was the very thing
they sought for; and they saw full well, as I stated
to the Senate yesterday, that if these amendments
of the House were not agreed to, and if the amend-
ment of the Senate should become the law—as I
really wished, as I advocated last session—it would
involve an expenditure which they could not at
that time calculate; and they were unwilling: to
let ltgo without having some definite understand-
ing as to the amount of money to be paid for this
service. That was the reason why they inserted
the limitation of $800,000 in their amendment;
and it was because 1 believed that body would not
stand by the amendment made by this body last
year that I thought it better for the Senate to
adopt the amendment of the House of Repre-
sentatives, and let it become the law; and then,
jf there was to be supplemental legislation after-
wards, such a course of economy could be pur-
sued in concentrating the two lines, the Butter-
lield line and the central line, as might have the
effect Senators wish.
My colleague says now, that his intention was
to put this bill through just as it came from the
House of Representatives, until lie saw these dif-
ficulties staring him in the face; and that these
matters were considered before the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads alone with a view
to have them apply to supplemental legislation
on the Post Office appjjppnation bill. If that had
been the policy of the committee, as I stated yes-
terday—if two weeks ago the bill had been pressed
to its passage—that committee and the committee
of the House of Representatives could, by this
time, have agreed on some proposition; but now
we are just at that stage of the session, within a
few days of its close, when, if you let the subject
go to a committee of conference, and they can-
not reconcile the discrepancies between the two
Houses, and this committee bring in, as they
have the right to do, a new proposition relating to
the same subject-matter, the whole bill may be
lost. When the proposition comes back to this
body from the committee of conference, we have
either to take it as it is, or assume the responsi-
bility, at that late period, of defeating the bill.
We have either to agree or disagree to the report
of the committee of conference; and if we disa-
gree, there is a new committee of conference, and
they may bring in a new proposition; and thus,
by this game of legislative bat'ledore and shuttle-
cock between the two bodies, the result may be
that we shall have no legislation at all. I do not
wish to occupy the time further.
Mr. GWIN. The Senator seems to forget that
a committee of conference, and this very com-
mittee of conference, if it is ordered, will take care
of all that difficulty; and if they cannot agree on
some plan by which the post route bill maypas%
—we have passed no post route bill for three
years, and the country is suffering for want of
one—they can strikeout the whole subject of over-
land mails and move it as an amendment to the
post office appropriation bill. He seems to for-
get the fact that we can get clear of this question
on this bill—which has hung between the two
Houses for two sessions—if the conference com-
mittee cannot agree on an amendment that can
pass through both Houses of Congress, and bring
in an amendment on the Post Office appropriation
bill, where we can have certain action in regard
to the overland service. That is the reason why,
last year, I was opposed to passing the Post Office
appropriation bill through the Senate before secur-
ing this overland service on the post route bill;
and that is the very reason that now 1 want this
question settled before the Post Office appropria-
tion bill comes before the Senate. It has not been
yet reported from the Finance Committee, and
we have more than a week of the session to ma-
ture and act on these measures. I wish my col-
league not to go out, as I am going to make a re-
mark personal to him.
My colleague has stated that, in asking for the
reading of the paper which he presented to the
Senate yesterday, he made no insinuation that
the committee of confeience was askedf to have
the amendment he had read incorporated in the
post route bill, but stated it as a fact. Very well,
sir, if that was the fact he meant to state, it is
absolutely untrue, for they had no such intention.
It had been abandoned before the committee of
conference was suggested or thought of, and was
never entertained except to report it to the Senate,
to be acted on as a substitute for the House
amendment. It was abandoned and destroyed,
and no copy was in existence, except in his
pocket, when he sprang it upon the Senate yes-
terday. It had been utterly abandoned for a dif-
ferent policy, which was to pass this bill, and pre-
pare an amendment to the Post Office appropria-
tion bill to remedy its defects. That was under
consideration when the committee of conference
was proposed. Therefore, if it was intended as
an insinuation, or any other way, that a commit-
tee of conference was asked to incorporate any-
thing like that on the post route bill, it was en-
tirely destitute of truth; for it was not in the mind
of any member of the committee, in my judg-
ment—certainly not in mine—even to propose u.
When it was under consideration, it was to be re-
ported to the Senate as an amendment to be con-
sidered in this body; and he brought it forward,
as an objection to a committee of conference, that
that committee of conference might incorporate
that provision in this bill. If he had chosen,
when inquiring into the action of the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads, to obtain and
tell the whole truth, he would have ascertained
that a directly opposite intention was the cause of
asking for this committee of conference. But I
will not detain the Senate.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I feci very
much inclined to take the views of the junior Sen-
ator from California about this matter; but in
looking into this subject, and trying to understand
it, it seems that the House of Representatives
passed this bill and sent it to us; it is here marked
as a House bill. From what the Senators have
said, I presumed it started from this body in the
first place.
Mr. GWIN. No sir It started in the other
House; came here, and was amended; went back
to the House of Representatives; was reamended
there, and now comes back again.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. And it is now
proposed to reamend it?
Mr. GWIN. No; the committee have not
amended it.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Is it not pro-
posed to amend it ?
Mr. GWIN. No sir; but to send it to a com-
mittee of conference.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I understand
the Senator to say that it is proposed to have a
committee of conference on this bill.
Mr. GWIN. My proposition is, that we insist
upon our amendments to the amendments of the
other House, and ask for a conference.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Is there such
a thing as getting a committee of conference until
we have disagreed to the House amendments? I
believe not. There has been no disagreement to
the House amendments; nor has there been any
vote on them. Then, how are we to have a com-
mittee of conference, and upon what?
Mr. GWIN. That is my very motion; to dis-
agree to the amendments of the House of Repre-
sentatives, and ask for a committee of conference.
Mr. GREEN. The order of questions is, first
to amend, then to agree, then to disagree,and then
to ask for a conference. To ask for a conference
is the last thing in order.
Mr. GWIN. It can be amended, if the Senate
choose to amend it.
Mr. JOHNSON, of A rkansas. I perceive upon
my table a proposition to amend it by striking
out a number of these sections—an amendment
offered yesterday,by the Senator from New York,
[Mr. Seward.] The debate on this subject has
taken a course that confuses me somewhat. If
you are going to have a vote on the amendment
of the Senator from New York in the first place,
before we vote upon the amendments of the House
of Representatives, the debate ought to be con-
fined to that entirely. I desire to know whether
it is true, or not, that we are first to vote upon the
amendment offered by the Senator from New
York. I shall not go into the merits of it. I will
merely express the hope, that the Senator will
not confine the Government merely to one route.
It is proposed, now, to confine the overland mail ;
to California to one route, and to give up the only
route which has ever been testeu with any suc-
cess. I refer to the one over which the overland
mail is now carried. As to the adoption of an-
other and an additional route, I not only do not
oppose, but 1 support it. 1 am opposed, however,
to entering into any arrangement by which the
line that has proved its capability of carrying the
mail safely and peaceably all the way across tlus
continent, shall be discontinued for the purpose
of having a new experiment. 1 assure the Senate
that, in myjudgment, I cannot regard it as a wise
measure. The amendment of the House of Rep-
resentatives, as I understand, proposes to reduce
and limit the amount to be expended for the addi-
tional route to $800,000 a year. I am willing to
do that. I am willing to take the House amend-
ment; but 1 am not willing to adopt any amend-
ment which shall reduce us to one line and one
route alone, cutting off the only one that we can
feel certainly will be carried through with success
and perfect security.
Mr. RICE. I did not listen very attentively to
the debate this morning between the two Senators
from California; in fact, I was not in the Chamber
when the senior Senator commcnced to speak.
Something has been said in regard to the manner
in which the juniorSenator received a copy of the
paper which was read yesterday in the Senate.
1 first heard outside ot the Senate that a proposi-
tion would be offered in the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads similar to that which was
read yesterday. That, however, is a matter of no
importance. A mail contractor) a friend of mine,
spoke to me upon the subject, desiring toknowif
there would be a change in the House bill. I re-
plied that the bill was under consideration before
the committee, and I was unable to answer the
question. Tasked ouractingchairman [Mr. Gwin]
for a copy of the proposition, which he gave to me.
While 1 was examining that copy, the junior Sen-
ator from California came to me, and stated that
he had heard that there was a new proposition be-
fore the committee. 1 said it was true that there
was, and I handed him the paper. He asked if
he could examine and copy it. I told him cer-
tainly;and he did take,examine,and copy it. If
he or any other Senator had asked me for a copy,
I should have obtained it if I could, and furnished
it to him. I believe that is the rule in the Senate.
I know that the chairman of one committee of
which I am a member has directed the clerk to
furnish to any Senator who may desire it a copy
of any paper before the committee. So much in
regard to that.
When this bill came back from the House
amended,! was most strenuously urged, as a mem-
ber of the committee, to give my assent to it. I
was told, that if it were not agreed to in the Sen-
ate, the bill would fail in the House. I consulted
with my colleague on the subject, knowing* full
well that our interest in the Northwest had been
stricken down by the defeat of the amendment
providing for the northern route; but the circum-
stances were such that he gave his approbation
to the request made. The bill has been under
consideration, I think, quite as many as half a
dozen times in the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads. Various propositions have been
suggested as amendments to this bill. On some
occasions, I believe, we would agree to the House
amendment, and the next time we would not agree
to it. We found one great difficulty, which has
been always in our way^so far as an overland
mail is concerned, ever since I have been on that
committee; and that is, in regard to the Butter-
field route. I understood that one object of hav-
ing a committee of conference—probably there are
others—was, that by some means or other that
Butterfield route could be disposed of. I know
I spoke of it, and it was the main point in my
mind at the time. I then voted for the committee
of conference.
Mr. LATHAM. I should like to ask the Sen -
ator from Minnesota whether, when he gave me
that copy, I did not ask him if it was the propo-
sition pending before the committee; and whether,
when he gave me permission to look at it, I did
not state to him, when I handed it back, that I
had taken a copy of it?
Mr. RICE. The Senator did say so. He said
he had taken a copy,
Mr. LATHAM, That is what I wanted to
know
