1130
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 23,
Mr. RICE. Had he asked me for a copy, I
should have given it most cheerfully, and I believe
I should have done so without any violation of
the rule.
Mr. GWIN. Certainly. The Senator was at
perfect liberty to give him a copy of every paper
in the Post Office Committee. So far as I am
concerned, every member of this body may go
there and look at every paper before that com-
mittee. I do not objcct to my colleague having
it at all. What I objected to was, that it was
brought forward as the basis upon which we
were asking foracomvnittee of conference, when,
in fact,the pioposition had been abandoned. My
objection was to the statement he made, that wc
called for a committee of conference with a view
to introduce that proposition, and he then went
on to argue against it.
Mr. LATHAM. If my colleague will allow
me, he is certainly in great error. Unless I am
greatly mistaken, my remarks, made yesterday,
will show that 1 simply brought it forward, as
showing what propositions were being considered
by the Senate Committee on the Post Officc and
Post Roads, and which might be considered also
by a committee of conference, upon which the
Senate had expressed any positive opinion. That
was the reason 1 presented it—nothing more—
and my remarks will show it.
Mr. GWIN. That proposition had been aban-
doned entirely by every memhei of the Post Office
Committee, on the representation that it was dan-
gerous to amend-the bill, as has been stated by
the Senator from Minnesota. The subsequent
proposition that we should pass the bill, and pie-
pare an amendment to the Post Office appropiia-
tion bill, was the very question before the com-
mittee, and met with the favorable consideration
of iho committee. Wc asked for a comnuttee of
confeiencn, without ever intending, directly or
indirectly, to bring up this subject befoie the
committee of conference, because it was found to
be impracticable: it was not likely we could get
it through the House at all. it was never in-
tended to be brought before the committee of con-
ference. As to any secrecy about it, theie is no
paper m that committee, or anywhere else, con-
nected with this or any other s< rvin , (hat 1 am
not willing to have brought here before the Sen,;to.
M r. GREEN. The f-vnior Senator from New
Yoik (Mr. fiiiwuiu] proposed an amendment
yesterday, which, as a matter of course, will he
the first question upon which the Senate w ill vote,
lie is not now piesent. lie is absent, peihaps,
on account of recent arrivals in the city. I would
propose, theiefore, to postpone the furtlnr con-
sideration of the subject until becomes in, injus-
tice to him.
Mr.GWIN. We shall lose the bill then.
Mr. GREEN. 1 think justice to him requires
that he should be present before the. vote is taken.
Mr GWIN. Then 1 hope the Senate will take
up the California war debt bill. Let us do some-
thing for that State fo-day. We can get through
that bill in five minutes, and then we can take up
this other bill. 1 do not think it will take live
minutes to dispose ot it. it is the special order
for half past twelve o'clock to-day. and 1 hope the
Senate will now proci ed to consider it.
Mr. CLINGM AN. if Senators ngtee to letup
have a vote in five minutes, I hope we shall hold
on; for i do not ihink California ought to consume
the morning houi of everyday, i shall make no
objection if we can gefa vote.
Mi. LATHAM. The bill is ready to be voted
upon.
Mr. GWIN. The Senator from New York is
absent.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. liiiianr in
the chair.) Does the Senntoi fiom Missouri name
any time to which the bill shall be postponed5
Mr GREEN. I move to postpone it until to-
morrow morning, at half p;ist twelve o'clock.
Mr. LATHAM. Say half past eleven.
Mr. GREEN. Verv Well.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is moved
that the further consideration of the subject be
postponed until Monday next, at half past eleven
o'clock, and be made the special order for that
hour.
The motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Forney, its Clerk, announced that the
House hud passed the bill of the Senate (No. 345)
for the relief of Mary Walbach, widow of the late
Brevet Brigadier General John De B. Walbach,
of the United States Army.
PRINTING OF DOCUMENTS.
The message further announced th'atthe House
had ordered, on the 21st instant, the printing of
a letter from the Secretary of the Treasury, in
answer to a resolution of the House of Represent-
atives calling for information as to whether the
duties on imports continue to be collected in the
ports of entry established by law in certain south-
ern States, &c.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message further announced that the Speak-
er had signed the following enrolled bills; which
thereupon received the signature of the Vice Pres-
ident:
A bill (II. R. No. 400) for the relief of James
Floyd;
A bill (H. R. No. 514) for the relief of Samuel
S. Green;
A bill (H. R. No. 625) for the relief of Captain
Alexander Y. Frazer;
A bill (H. R. No. 678) for the relief of Samuel
Perry; and
A bill (II. R. No. 996) for the relief of Azel
Spaulding.
DILL BECOME A LAW.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Glossijiilnneu, his Secretin y, an-
nounced that the President had approved and
signed, on the 21st instant, a joint resolution (S.
No. 49) to repeal the joint resolution approved
June 15, i860, for the relief of William IT. De
Groot.
INDIAN HOSTILITIES IN CALIFORNIA.
Mr. GWIN. I hone the bill m relation to the
California war-debt will now be taken up, and
passed. It will eome up as the special order in
half an hour. I make the motion to take up the
bill (H. R. No. $)9) for the payment of expenses
incurred in tin4 suppiession of Indianhostihties m
the State of California.
Mr. CRITTENDEN I have a memorial,
which 1 wish to present to the Senate.
Mr. GWIN. When the bill is taken up, the
Senator can oiler bis rnemoiial.
The PRESIDING OFFICER Will the Sen-
ator allow the question to be .stated?
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Certainly.
The motion of Mr. Gwin was agreed to.
The PRES1 DING OFFICER. By unanimous
consent the Chair will receive petitions.
Mr. CRITTENDEN presented two petitions,
which will be found m a preceding column.
Mr. HARLAN. 1 move to take up the joint
resolution of ihe House of Representatives (No.
70) to quit title to lands in the State of Iowa.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is the Senator
aware that there is a bill already before the Sen-
ate ?
Mr. IIARLAN. I was not aware of that.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill for
the paymcntof expenses mcuried m the suppres-
sion of Indian hostilities in the State of California
S is now befoie the Senate as m the Committee,of
j the Whole. Shall the bill be lead ?
i Mr. LATHAM. I suppose not. It was read
1 yesteidav.
j The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
! ment pending will be read.
i The Secretary read the amendment, to insert,
| at the end of the lirst section, the following:
; Ami the Secietniy of the Tieasiny, when the said e\-
j priiMJi ot the State of California shall have he en audited
1 and allow ed. shall be, and heieby i-, authoi ized to pay the
^ same in boinl-. of (Iv United Urates;, antlioj uod to be i^iied
; by the act of Febiiiatv 8, 1KIL.
j Mr. LATHAM. I have no disposition to op-
\ pose that amendment, although I must say it is
! exceedingly haid for the State of California to
, pay out its money, and lie out of the use of it,
| and then be compelled to take the bonds of the
j Government; but 1 know very well the condition
] of our finances, and 1 am not disposed to object
j to the amendment. It may be incoiporated into
the bill. 1 agree to the amendment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to hear the
amendment read again.
Mr. LATHAM. It is the amendment offered
by the Senator from Maryland [Mr. Pearce] yes-
terday.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I will inquire of the Sen-
ator fi om California whatamount is appropriated
by this bill? Is there any limit to it2
Mr. GWIN. Yes, sir; every dollar to be paid
is stated, down to a cent.
Mr. LATHAM. The amount paid is not to
excced $400,000. (
Mr. GWIN. Every cent of it is audited.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate, as amended;
and the amendment ordered to be engrossed, and
the biil to be read a third time.
Mr. KING. I should like to have the yeas and
nays taken on the final passage of this bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 32, nays 4; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Baket. litgler, Hrngg, Bright,
Clingman, Collamer, Ciittenden, Dixon, Douglas, Duikee,
Fesninden, Foot, Foster, Gicen. Gwin, lias lan, Hemphill,
Johnson of AiUan^as, Johnson of Tennessee, Lane, La-
tham, Morrill, Nicholson, Polk, Powell, Rice, Seba uan,
Simmons, Ten Eyck, Tmmbull, and VVii.-on—32.
NAYS—>les*is. Bingham,Chandlei, Clai k, and King—1.
So the bill was passed.
DES MOINES RIVER GRANT.
Mr. HARLAN. I now renew my motion to
take up PIouso joint resolution No. 70.
Mr. LANE. What is the joint resolution r
Mr. HARLAN. A joint resolution to quit
title to lands in the State of Iowa.
Mr. GREEN. I hope that will not be taken
up now 11 in vol ves a great deal more than would
be supposed from its face. It involves live or six
hundred thousand acres of"land.
Mr. HARLAN. It will appear from the read-
ingof the icportof the House committee that the
Senator from Missouri is entirely mistaken. It
involves the title to but a very small quantity of
land that would not be conveyed to Iowa under
other grants. My colleague and myself do not
propose to debate the question; but wc desire to
have a vote.
The motion was agreed to; and the joint icso-
lution (II. II. No. 70) to quit title to lands in the
State of Iowa was considered as in Committee of
the Whole. It proposes to relinquish to the State
of Iowa oil title which the United States still re-
tains in the tracts of land along the Des Moines
rivci, and above the mouth of the Raccoon fork
thereof, which have been heretofoie certified to
the State improperly by the Department of the
Interior as part of the grant by act of Congress
approved August 8, 1846.
Mr. GREEN. I regard it as my duty to make
a little explanation of this joint resolution. The
title of it reads, u a joint resolution to quit title."
Such a title to a bill or joint resolution I have never
seen before. " Quit title!" It means to surrender
all the title the Government of the United States
lias. Now, I will give the Senate a little history
of this Des Moines grant.
Jn 1846, the fust grant was made to make a
slack-water navigation on the Des Moines nver,
from its mouth to Raccoon fork. About sixty
miles that river makes a common boundary with
the State of Missouii; and if the slack-Wciternuv-
igation had been made aecotding to the terms of
the grant, Missouri, having a town at the mouth,
and being contiguous forabout sixty miles, would
have participated largely in its benefits. But in-
stead of that, they went to work; and every su-
perintendent who has touched it has become im-
mensely rich; the lands granted have been wasted
awiy, and the navigation of the Des Moines is
absolutely injured. Instead of coming down to
the mouth, when they got down to St. Francis ville
they undei took to cut a canal, and Ui veige ft om the
Des Moines river around to the town of Keokuk.
That was in violation of the true intent and pur-
pose of the grant. Next, the question came up;
how much land passed under that grant 1 Mr.
Stuart, according to my recollection—orpeihaps
it was Mr. Ewing; I am not certain which—de-
cided that it wentup'to the noithern line of the
State; and a small portion of land was certified
to it lying north of the Raccoon fork. The lan-
guage of the grant is so express that I do not see
how any one could misunderstand it. That grant
extended only to the terminus of the improvt ment.
The terminus of the impj ovement was the Raccoon
fork. Iowa was again dissatisfied, and claimed
it up to the source of the river, up into the State
