170
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 20,
the original text of the bill. The gentleman from
Iowa [Mr. Curtis] offered an amendment to
strikeout that substitute, and insert another. The
committee agreed to that amendment, and has
since agreed to the amendment as amended; and
no further amendment is now in order to the bill.
Mr. PHELPS. Does the Chair decide that no
further amendments are in order?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair so decides.
Mr. BRANCH. I shall take an appeal from
that decision; and I take the liberty of saying to
tfiis committee that, before the decision of the
Chair was announced, I myself heard the gentle-
man occupying the chair state, in an undertone,
that on the adoption of the amendment as amended,
the noes had it. Under that impression, gentle-
men upon this side of the House did not ask a
division; but the Chair, when he came to an-
nounce the result, said that the ayes had it. You
gentlemen upon this side of the House were aware
of the decision that the Chair had made. I heard
distinctly, from the other side of the Hall, a voice
say, " I call for a division."
Mr. CURTIS. I call the gentleman.to order.
Mr. BRANCH. I have a right to debate the
appeal for five minutes.
The CHAIRMAN. No debate is in order on
the question of appeal.
Mjr. BRANCH. I submit whether I have not
a right, in taking the appeal, to m^ke a five min-
utes explanation.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate having been closed
on the bill, questions of order are not debatable.
Mr. BRANCH. I will simply say, that since
I have been a member of this House, I have never
seen a bill passed through in such utter disregard
of the rules of order of this House. I wish that
statement to go on the record in connection with
the statement made by my friend from Virginia,
[Mr. Garnktt,] a few moments ago, that the
payment of-these bonds may, at some future time,
be contested.
Mr. COLFAX. I suggest that if there be any
doubt as to the last division, the vote be taken
again.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair proposes to
state to the committee, that when ho used the
word " no" on the last vote, he intended to say
" ay." He then waited a little, and as there was
no demand for a further count, lie declared that
the "ayes" liad it. If the committee desire to
have the vote taken again, the Chair will put the
question.
Mr. BRANCH. I state from my own personal
knowledge thatgcntlcmcn 011 this side of the House
heard the Chair say the " noes" appeared to have
it, and that they refrained from voting in conse-
quence of it.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is not in order.
If the gentleman desire to have the vote taken
again, the Chair will put the question.
Mr. PHELPS. Supposing that the Chair had
decided that the amendment was not adopted,
then further amendments would be in order; and
now tin; only thing is to leave the question pend-
ing so that further amendments may be offered.
The CH A iRMAN. Does the gentleman from
Missouri desire to propose an amendment?
Mr. PHKLPS. My colleague [Mr. Barret]
has an amendment which he wishes to propose
first. I have not been in the Hall to-day during
the proceedings 011 this bill, but came in at the
time when the gentleman from Indiana was speak-
ing.
Mr. BARRET. I offer the following amend-
ment, to come in as an additional section:
Sko. 16. Jlnd he It further cnacled, If, upon propel' Mir-
Vtjys and estimates, it shall he ascertained ttiat the route
by the vicinity of the great Salt Lake, as piovided for 111
section first, is not the best, tho?e having in riiaige the
location and buildmc of thi-5 woik arc hcieby required to
locate tile same 011 the ,-hortest, most economical anil prac-
tical route from the mouth of the Kansas river to the city
of Sail Francisco, in the Htate of California.
I do not rise, Mr. Chairman, for the purpose
of making a speech at this time. My object in
offering that amendment is this: by the fiist sec-
tion of the bill the route of the road is located by
the vicinity of Salt Lake City. I have always
contended that this body had not the necessary
information to enable it to direct the location of
railroad routes. That should be left to the en-
gineer. Hence, I propose, by this amendment,
that in case it shall be ascertained by actual sur-
veys that the route by Salt Lake City is not the
best, the parties having in charge the location and
building of this road shall locate it by the.short-
est, most economical, and most practical route.
Mr.'MORRIS, of Illinois. I move that the
committee rise. I make' the motion in order to
give members time to consider this bill.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. I have repeatedly
stated in this House that I would vote ior a Pa-
cific railroad bill starting anywhere above the
Gulf of Mexico and south of the British line.. But
I object to the amendment of my colleague, [Mr.
Barret,] for the reason that it is evident to this
House and to the country, that the special com-
mittee in proposing the line as specified in the
amendmentreported by the gentleman from Iowa,
meant to force this road through the gold fields in
the region of Pike's Peak and Carson's Valley.
There is no population on any other route that
can bo proposed, while there are thousands and
hundredsof thousands of American citizens on the
line indicated in the amendment of the gentleman
from Iowa. I am, therefore, satisfied that it is
not only the right, but the duty of this Congress
to send the Pacific railroad through that part of
the continent where it will accommodate the
greatest number of American citizens. I wish to
make a formal objection to, and hope the com-
mittee will vote down, the amendment offered by
my colleague.
The question was taken on Mr. Barret's
amendment; and it was rejected.
Mr. BRANCH. I rise to a privileged motion.
I move that the committee do now rise.
Mr. SICKLES. I move, as an amendment,
that the committee rise and report the bill to the
House, with a recommendation that it do pass.
The CHAIRMAN. There is still an amend-
ment pending.
Mr. BRANCH. The- bill will come up the
first business in order when the llouse shall next
go into the Committee of the Whole 011 the state
of the Union.
Mr. H1NDMAN. If a majority of the com-
mittee desire that the bill should be reported back
with a recommendation that it do pass, they will
then vote against the motion of the gentleman
from North Carolina, with a view of voting in
favor of a motion that the committee rise, and
report the bill to the House.
The CHAIRMAN. If the motion of the gen-
tleman from North Carolina prevails, the commit-
tee will rise. If not, the committee will still be
in session. That is all the decision the Chair can
make about it.
Mr. HINDMAN. And then we can make
such further motion as we see fit.
Mr. PHELPS called fortfcllors on Mr. Branch's
motion that the committee rise.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Craig, of
Missouri, and Edwards, were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 60, noes 76.
So the committee refused to rise.
Mr. PHELPS. I offer the following amend-
ment, to come in as an additional section:
Sr.c. 10. *4nd be it further cnacted, Tlint tiic persons to
whom the grants in tins act arc made, shall havo the tight
to select the nearest and most economical loutc for a rail-
road to San Funcisco.
I had desired, Mr. Chairman, to participate in
the debate that has taken place on this bill, but I
was engaged during the day in scwicc on the spe-
cial committee, and therefore was not able to be
present here.
I have heretofore taken occasion, Mr. Chair-
man, fo express the opinion that it was unwise
on the part of Congress to indicate the route for
a Pacific railroad. I expressed that opinion at the
last session of Congress. Hence I desire that this
bill shall be amended so that the persons to whom
the grant of land and money is made by this act
may be at liberty to select the best and most eco-
nomical route to the Pacific ocean. By the terms
of the bill, as it now stands, they would not have
that privilege. I do not stand here to complain of
the points from which the road is made to start*
I believe, however, that it is unwise in the Gov-
ernment of the United States to aid in the con-
struction of more than one road at any time. If
it was now proposed to aid in construction of a
road on the route which I favor, and which I be-
lieve to be thebesian^ mostpracticable route,and
it were proposed, in this bill, to incur a debt of
$96,000,000, as this bill proposes, I should still
feel constrained to vote against it. There are other
questions to engage the attention of the legislative
department of the Government besides the ques-
tion of the Pacific railroad. The preservation of
the Government is now the great question of the
day; and yet, while members of Congress are
aware that our Government is crumbling into
pieces, they are proposing to add to the burdens
of the people, while the national Treasury is not
ablerto pay its honest debts. I am unwilling, by
my vote, to increase the indebtedness of the na-
tion, when I know the Government is compelled
to borrow money to defray its ordinary expenses.
The securities of the Government are now selling
at a heavy depreciation, and I am unwilling to
still further aid in their depreciation by creating
a debt of $96,000,000. If this was a proper time
for the consideration of the subject; if we had not
the more important question of the preservation of
the Government pressing upon us; and if the Gov-
ernment securities were not depressed by a fear
of a dissolution of the Government, I would cheer-
fully give my vote for the construction of one
road, and for suitable aid by the Government
towards it. I am in favor of a railroad to the
Pacific; but, under the present circumstances, I
cannot vote for this bill. ,
Mr. COLFAX. I oppose the amendment pro
/oma, and ask for a vote upon it.
The amendment to the amendment was disa-
greed to.
Mr. STEVENS, of Washington, offered the
following amendment to the amendment:
Add to the end of the amendment, as follows:
Jind be it further cnacted, That Hie Presfdent be, and lie
is hereby, authorized and directed to cause the public lands,
to the extent of forty miles on each side of the route here-
inafter mentioned, to be surveyed, and the Indian title
thereto to be extinguished as soon as practicable. And
upon the payment of ten cents per acre, all persons entitled
to the preemption laws, who have or may settle upon any
of the lands within the limits above mentioned, (excepting
those herein sot apait and appropriated for the use of t-aUl
roads and for other purpose*,) «hali be entitled to the pro-
visions of the act of 1841, granting preemption rights, and
the acts amendatory thereof.
Jlnd be it further cnacted, That there be, and hereby is,
granted to the States and Territories that are or may be
formed upon the lines of the herein-mentioned road, for
the purpose of aiding in the construction of a railroad to
the Pacific—from Lake Superior to Puget Sound, with a
branch to the navigable waters ot the Columbia—every
alternate section ot land designated byoddnumbeis,forten
sections in width on cach &idc of said load and bianch;
but in case it shall appear that the United Stares have,
when the line orioute of said road and branch are defin-
itely fixed, sold any sections or parts of sections granted
a«? aforesaid, or that the right of preemption has attached
to the same, then it shall be lawful for any agentor agents,
to be appointed by the Governors of said States or Territo-
ries, to sclect, subject to the approval of the Secretaiy 01
the Interior, from the lands of the United States nearest to
the tieis of sections above specified, so much land in al-
ternate sections or parts of sections as shall be equal to
such lands as the United States have sold or otherwise
appropriated, or to which the rights of preemption have
attached as aforesaid ; which lands (thus selected in lieu
of those sold, and to which preemption rights have attached,
as aforesaid, together with the sections or part* of sections
designated by odd numbers as aforesaid, and appropiiated
as aforesaid,) shall be held by the said States or Terutones,
respectively, for the uses and purposes aforesaid : Proiided,
That the land to be so located shall in no case be fuither
than twenty miles from the line of said load or branch, and
bdectcd tor and on account of said road or branch : Pro-
vided further, That the lands hereby granted for and on
account of said load and branch shall be disposed of only
as the work progresses, and the same shall he applied to
no other pui pose whatsoever : Jind provided further, That
I any and all lands heretofore reserved to the "United States
by'any act of Congress, or in any other manner by compe-
tent authority, for the purpose of aiding m any object of
internal improvement, or i'or any other purpose whatso-
ever, be, and the same are hereby, reserved to the United
States from the operation of tins act, except so far as it
may be found nceossaiy to locate the routes of said i.iil-
road and branch through such reserved land*, in which
ease the light of way only shall be granted, subject to the
approval of the President of the United States.
Jlnd be it further enacted, That the said lands hereby
granted to the said States and Territories shall be subject
to the future disposal of the Legislatuies theieof, respect-
ively, for the purposes herein e.xpiesaed and no othei.
Jind be itJurther enacted, That tiie land heieby granted
to said States or Territories shall be disposed of by said
States or Territories in the manner following, that is to
say: that a quantity of land not exceeding two hundred
sections for said road and branch, and included within a
continuous length of twenty miles of said road and branch,
may be sold; and when the Governors of said States or
Territories, respectively, shall certify to the Secretaiy of
the Interior that any twenty continuous miles of said road
or branch is completed, then another quantity ot land,
hereby granted, not to exceed two hundred sections lor
said road and bianch, having twenty continuous miles com-
pleted, as aforesaid, and included within a continuous
length of twenty miles of said road or branch, may be sold;
and so from time to time, until said road and branch are
