1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1131
of Minnesota. The Des Moines river rises in
Minnesota, and Iowa claimed the land all the way
up to the head spring of the river. Mr. Thompson,
Secretary of the Interior, said he was willing to
abide by the act of his predecessor, if Iowa would
be content with it. Iowa said she was not con-
tent, and insisted on going to the head spring of
the river, away up into the State of Minnesota,
where no navigation could possibly be had of the
river. An agreed case was made. TheSecretary
of the Interior said: " If you will take the question
before the Supiemc Court of the United States, 1
will make my decision confurm to the decision of
the Supreme Court." They broughtup the case;
and Judge Mason argued it. It was decided by
the Supreme Court that the grant did not go one
inch above the Raccoon fork, which is about the
middle of the State of Iowa. There it ends.
Now, the object is to get the lands lying above
the Raccoon foik. If it goes up to the State line,
it will be about four hundred and fifty thousand
acres. If it goes up to the source of the river, it
will be about six hundred thousand acres. That
is the case we are acting on. It is true, I would
rather let Iowa have the land than throw itaway
in useless homesteads; but the true policy of the
Government is, to administer the lands in that
manner which will best promote the public inter-
est; and I think that this is not a fair mode of
disposing of the public lands. I am willing that
Iowa should have, and she now has, the alternate
sections on each side of the river, six miles in *
width, up to the Raccoon fork.
There is another difficulty. North of the Rac-
coon fork, land grants have been made to rail-
road companies, running ea^ and west from the
Mississippi river, across to tne Missouri. Under
the decision, of the Supreme Court, the original
grant did not include anything north of the Rac-
coon fork. These railroads do cross north of the
Raccoon fork; and grants have been made in good
faith, permanent and binding, to those railroad
companies. They can hold them, therefore, in
spite of the United States; and I do not want to
be engaged in the folly of undertaking to say I
will quit title where is no title. Wherever these
lands fall within the limits of railroad grants, we
have no title; and wherever they are outside of
those railroad grants, Iowa has no right to them.
That is an end of the case.
Mr. HARLAN. As an answer to the speech
of the Senator from Missouri, I ask that the re-
port of the House committee may be read.
The Secretary read, as follows:
" The Committee on Public Lands, to whom was referred
the bill 1 for the icliei of the State of Iowa and for other
purposes,' be*; leave to report:
"That bv the act of Congress of August 8,1846, the alter-
nate sections, in a strip ten miles in width, lying along; the
Des Moines river, were gianted to the fcHateot Iowa to aid
in impiovmg the navigation ot the said tiverlrom its mouth
to the Raccoon fork. This grant wa< made on certain con-
ditions, which weie assented to, and the State undertook
the execution of the tiust.
" Not long aftei vvard<, doubts were raised as to the extent
of the grant; whether it was limited to lands lying below
the mouth of the Itaccoon foik, or whether it extended to
the source of the river. The question was earned befoie
the then Secretary of the Tiea-sury, who decided, on the 2d
of March, 1849, in favoi of the more extended giant, and
the State proceeded to plan the work m coirespondenec
with the means thus provided for its execution.
•'After the lapse of something more than a year, the
same question was again raised. The Secretary of the In-
terior, befoie whom the matter was brought, held that the
grant did not extend above the Raccoon fork ; but after an j
appeal had been earned befoie the President, and twice
leterred to two diffeient Attorneys General, by whom the
subject was carefully considered, it was determined, on
the 29th of October, 1851, thatthe claim of the State should
be allowed, and that the lands should be certified which
lay above the Raccoon foik. Within two years from that
date above fourhundred thousand acres of land lying above
the Raccoon foik were certified to the State by the Inte-
rior Department. This land has all been sold by the State,
and the proceeds applied to the improvement ot the Des
Moines river, in compliance with the conditions of the
grant. A large propoition of these lands are now occu-
pied by actual settlers, all holding under patents fiom the
State,"which are founded on certificates from the Secre-
tary of the Interior.
<k Within the past yeai the Supreme Court of the United
States has decided against the construction put upon the
act of August, 1846, by the Secretaries of the Treasury and
Interior, and the Attorney Geneial, that the titles by which
the lands are now held are wholly nugatoty, and that, not-
withstanding the ccitificates and sales, they would still re-
main the property of the United States. But on the 15th
of July, 1856, Congress made another grant of land to the
State ot Iowa, to aid m the construction of certain railroads
herein specified. This grant covers all butaboutone thou-
sand acres of the same land which had been ceitified and
sold under the act of August, 1846, and is therefore beyond
the reach and control ot tiic Government of the United
States. That portion not covered by the grant of July, 1856,
would revert to the United States; but, in the judgment of
your committee, it would be an actof gross injustice fortius
Government to repudiate the acts of its own highest offi-
cers, and thus deprive those persons of their possessions
who have paid their money on the faith of the Government.
They propose, however, nothing more than a relinquish-
ment of the title held by the United States in the lands
which have been certified by the Secretary of the Interior,
under the Des Moines river grant, and afterwards sold to
bona fide purchasers. For this purpose, your committee
recommend the adoption of the following joint resolution,
proposed and approved by the Secretary of the Interior."
Mr. GREEN. I believe that is the report of
the committee of the House of Representatives;
not of the committee of the Senate.
Mr. HARLAN. It is the report of the House
Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. GREEN. The committee of the House of
Representatives are a little at fault. They under-
take to say that we cannot repudiate the act of our
own officer. Iowa repudiated it, would notsland
by it, and claimed the land up to the source of the
river. Then the Secretary said: " I will x'eopen
the case and submit it to the court."
Mr. GRIMES. The Senator from Missouri is
mistaken, I think. Mr. Robert J. Walker, when
he was Secretary of the Treasury, some three or
four days before he left that office, the Land de-
partment then being under his general superin-
tendence, decided that tins grant extended to the
source of the river, and that was the first decision
that was ever made by any of the Departments
here on the subject. Upon the strength of that
decision, the Government of the United States has
certified to the State, or, in other words, conveyed
(for that is the manner which the United States
adopt in conveying their lands) these lands to the
State; and the State has sold to settlers and to
others, 1 think, every foot of the lands. Now, all
that this joint, resolution proposes is, that the Fed-
eral Government shall confirm, or, in the language
of the resolution, " relinquish" to the State those
lands, and those lands only, that have heretofore
been certified by its own officers as belonging to
the State, and which the State, placing implicit
confidence in that certificate, has conveyed to third
parties for a valuable consideration.
Mr. GREEN. The Senator is a little mistaken.
Mr. Robert J. Walker, who was then Secretary
of the Treasury, before the Interior Department
was created, had charge, but he took no action,
except to give an opinion; and when the Depart-
ment of the Interior was created, 1 think it was
first put under Mr. Thomas Ewing; and he de-
cided, when the question was brought before him,
against this claim. He said the grant only went
to the State line.
Mr. GRIMES. Who did?
Mr. GREEN. Mr. Ewing.
Mr. GRIMES. Yes.
Mr. GREEN. And so did Mr. Stuart.
Mr. GRIMES. But Mr. Johnson, when he
was Attorney General, decided that it wentto the
source of the river. We had conflicting opin-
ions. Mr. Crittenden, when he was Attorney
Genera!, decided that it only wentto the Raccoon
fork.
Mr. GREEN. Mr. Crittenden was right. He
decided according to the law.
Mr. GRIMES. I think so myself. I think the
grant originally never extended above the Rac-
coon fork; but the grant was construed by your
own authorities as extending to the source, and
we acted upon it; we acted upon your decision
in good faith; we received the certificates; we
have conveyed the land for a valuable considera-
tion; and now we only ask you to indemnify us
for what we havedonc. My pwn individual opin-
ion is, that the grant originally did not extend
above the Raccoon fork.
Mr. GREEN. There is no difficulty atall about
this. The law is very clear. Itonly went to the
Raccoon fork. The Supreme Court has so de-
cided. Attorney General Crittenden so decided.
All these, however, were nothing but opinions,
except the judgment of the court; and that was on
an agreed case made between the State and the
Secretary of the Interior, Mr. Jacob Thompson.
He was willing to stand by what Mr. Stuart did,
and to say that it might go up the northern line
of Iowa, but not into Minnesota. Now, so far
as the grants to those lateral roads running through
it are concerned, we cannot interfere with them.
Mr. GRIMES. They have not been certified
as belonging to the State under that grant.
Mr. GREEN. Yes, sir.
Mr. GRIMES. No, sir; not a foot of them, as
I understand.
Mr. GREEN. Yes, sir; some of them were
certified before the railroad grant was made; so
that there is a conflict between claimants, even if
we make this quit-claim, as it is called. Now, I
am willing to go thus far: Iowa has sold lands
that she had no right to; I do not want to interfere
with the private citizens; I will not interfere with
public grants; but to the extent that it affects pri-
vate citizens, and does not interfere with public
grants, I am willing to go. I am not willing to
cover all this immense tract—to grant this im-
mense amount of land, equal to six hundred thou-
sand acres—in addition to what they have already
received up to the mouth of the Raccoon fork.
Mr. POLK. My colleague will allow me to
interrupt him. Perhaps an amendment which I
propose to offer will meet his views; to insert the
words:
And by the said State sold to aetual settlers.
Mr. GREEN. Say, " and not interfering with
any other public grant."
Mr. GRIMES. What is that amendment?
Mr. POLK. To insert:
And by the said State sold to actual settlers.
Mr. GRIMES. If the Senator will change it
so that it'shall apply to any purchaser, or any
grantee of the State of Iowa, it will be entirely
satisfactory.
Mr. POLK. The only objection to that is,
that I do not like to give this congressional bounty
to land speculators.
Mr. GREEN. That is just what it is.
Mr. POLK. But to the actual settlers, X am
willing to give it.
Mr. GRIMES. It would cost a great deal of
trouble for us to determine who happened to be
actual settlers at any particular date, or at the
passage of this resolution, or whether it should
apply to those who are actual settlers now, or
those who were actual settlers at the time they
purchased.
Mr. GREEN. All that can be guarded by
saying, "any actual bona fide settler who, or
whose grantor, actually settled on the land."
Mr. GRIMES. The man who, by virtue of
your own action, the action of your own officer,
went there and obtained the land, if he be not an
actual settler, is morally and politically and in
every way just as much entitled to receive justice
at the hand's of the Senate as the man who is an
actual settler. He is a bona fide purchaser. If
the Senator will insert the words, "any bona fide
purchaser from the State of Iowa," I shall be
satisfied.
Mr. POLK. The objection to that is, that it
would not shut out the speculators.
Mr. GREEN. The only objection to that is
this: that rich grant of land, the best body of land
in the West, was fooled away to a New York
company, who never performed the work, but
have actually, by the construction of their dams,
injured Missouri. They first applied to the State
of Missouri to give them leave to build their dams
to our bank, and we gave them leave. They then
constructed them so that the overflow of water
would wash right in and destroy private prop-
erty, and thousands on thousands of dollars have
been destroyed by the misconstruction of this
work. Again: every dam built and every lock
put'down, is a greater obstruction to navigation
than if it had not been done. 1 want another con-
dition put in; and if we do give them this land, I
want the Slate of Iowa to remove all these ob-
structions, and leave the river as it was. This
New York company have a speculation on hand.
They want to claim that they are bona fide pur-
chasers; but I want aetual, resident, citizen pur-
chasers.
Mr. HARLAN. It would be unjust, in my
judgment, to adopt the amendment suggested by
'the Senator fiom Missouri, [Mr. Polk.] I wish
to state an important fact, which I think is mis-
apprehended by the other Senator fromMissouri,
[Mr. Green.] The State of Iowa did, as he sug-
gests, claim about twelve hundred thousand acres
of land-under this original Des Moines grant, lying
above the Raccoon fork of that river; but much
less than one fourth of that amount was certified
to the State by the officers of the General Gov-
ernment. So far as this land has been certified to
