1132
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 23,
the State, the State has accepted the land, and at-
tempted to apply the proceeds of the grant in the
improvement of the river. A partof this land has
been sold by the State directly to actual settlers.
A part of the granthas been sold to the gentlemen
who were applying their money in putting in locks
and dams, to which reference has been made, and
they, in turn, have sold to other parties. Some of
them perhaps, are not improving the land; bat
many of them are actual settlers. The purpose
of the amendment he proposes, is to cut out all
those who may have bought those lands of the
Des Moines River Improvement Company. That
would be unjust to t,he company, and unjust to
the purchasers from the company. All that we
claim is, that the General Government shall quit-
claim to Iowa the amount of lands conveyed to
Iowa by the officers of the General Government,
although, as alleged, wrongfully conveyed, or
without sufficient legal ground. We do not claim
one acre above the Raccoon fork, which has not
been certified to the State; and the whole amount,
as 1 understand, is one fourth less than is claimed
by the State, and for which she derived a clear title
under the original Des Moines grant.
Mr. POLK. The view I take of it is this: that
there is no claim in law, or in equity, against the
United States for the granting of this land; but I
am willing that the United States should relin-
quish the title where an actual settler has bought
the land and gone on it; but I am not willing to
do that favor to persons who have bought as
speculators. Wheie persons have bought for ac-
tual settlement, and have gone on the land, I am
willing to vote to relinquish to them, and lam
wilting to vote for the bill with that amendment.
1 will oiler the amendment, and take the sense of
the Senate upon it, to insert the words, " and by
the said State sold to actual settlers, and not in-
terfering with public grants."
Mr. DOOL1TTLE. I will move an amend-
ment to the amendment, and then I think 1 shall
sustain n—" by the State or grantee of the State
to any actual settler."
All*. GREEN. That is the same thing. It is
aheudy implied.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Ithinknot Itsays"sold
by the State to actual settlers."
Mr. POLK. As 1 understand, that is to in-
clude any granlee of the State.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Some person may, bona
fide* have purchased the land fiom this company.
Air. POLK. 1 have no objection. I will ac-
cept that amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment to the amendment is accepted; and the ques-
tion will be on the amendment proposed by the
Senator from Missouri, as modified.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. 1 will suggest to gen-
tlemen, as there is some difficulty about the pro-
vision in reference to actual settlement, to say,
"all bona fide purchasers deriving title under the
State." It seems to me that would cover every-
thing.
Mr. GRIMES. That will be cntiiely satisfac-
tory to me. It seems to me to be just to all par-
ties. I understand it is satisfactory to the Sen-
ator from Missouri.
Mr. POLK. I agree to it.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Mr. President,
I do not care what course is taken in leference to
the amendment, nor do 1 feel any personal inter-
est in this matter at all. The joint resolution cer-
tainly covcrs a very large amount of land; artd I
feci it my duty to make a statement to the Senate
in legatdto wli.it has transpired with lefeienceto
it. This is a very large grant of land that is now
pioposed to be made to the State of Iowa, and it
is a pure, entire, unmixed donation. It is with-
out any consideration at all. 1 forget how much
it is; but it is stated at six hundred thousand acres
by some. It seems to me that is more than it is;
but it is a very large amount at any rate. I forget
now the precise amount. This matter was con-
sidered under a law of the United States granting
alternate sections for the improvement of the Des
Moines nvei, by one of the Departments, and
undei the extraordinary pressuie that was brought
upon the Department by our friend, no longer a
member of this body, (Senator Jones,) and such
a pressure as scarcely any other Senator couid
bring upon any Department of the Government,
they obtained a wiong decision here which ran
tiuu grant above the Raccoon fork for hundreds
of miles. They obtained that decision, and un-
der it got certificates to the State of Iowa to that
effect; but the subject has since been before the
courts, and the courts have decided that the law
makes no such grant at all. That decision of the
court sustains a decision which was rendered, I
believe, by a Senator now here from Kentucky,
[Mr. Crittenden;] and the whole of the grant
itself is purely gratuitous upon our part, if the
decision of the Supreme Court is at all correct.
Now, this matter here seems to be mixed up with
actual settlers, with speculators, with conflicting
interests under grants that we ourselves have
made of railroad lands. I think it had better be
left without any legislation at all from us, at least
in this direction; and so the Committee on Public
Lands seem always to have regarded it. It never
was reported back from the Committee on Public
Lands until very recently; and I have no idea, if
I had been present in the committee at that time,
that it would have been done then. I do not be-
lieve it could have been carried. I neversawthe
day in the Committee on Public Lands when this
measure could get the sanction of thatcommittee.
I legard the whole thing as wrong, as an attempt
to make us responsible for wrong acts that were
brought about by the personal influences of the
Representatives of that State, for which it is now
sought to make the Government of the United
States responsible; and out of which it is at-
tempted to create a title such as compels us to
render to them the legal title.
Without any intention, Mr. President, to inter-
fere with this matter any further, with no dispo-
sition to make any factious opposition to the joint
resolution—for I do not care one cent which way
it goes—but simply in the discharge of my duty
as chairman of the committee, I state to you my
conviction, for myself, and I believe the majority
of the committee, that this thing is all wrong, and
no part of the resolution ought to be passed at all.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secretary
will read the amendment as now modified by the
Senator from Missouri.
The Secretary read it, to insert in line nine, after
the word " six," the words il and which is now
held hv bona fide purchasers under the State of
Iowa;*' so that the resolution will read:
That all title which tlx' United States still retain, in the
tiaets of land along the De^ Momes nvei, and above tiie
inun111 of (he Kaceoon lurk theieof, in tin* Slate of Iowa,
wliu h hnvr been hcictolm e reiuJicd in haul State miprop-
eily, hy the Depaitinent of the Intel 101, a* pait ot the giant
1>> aetot Con^ie-s nppiovcd Austin 1M6,and whieh is
now held by bona fide pnudia-ei.-i nndci the State of Iowa,
be, and the same is heieby, relinquished to the State of
Iowa.
The amendment was agreed to.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
as amended; and the amendment was concurred
in, and ordered to be engrossed, and the resolu-
tion to be read a thud time.
AJr. HUNTER. I desire to have the yeas and
nays on the passage of the joint resolution.
The yeas and nays were oidcred; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 30, nays 7; as follows:
VF.AS—Mct-.-is. Anthony, Biyler, Bingham, Bright,
Chanrtiet, Cl.irk, Coll.nner, Crittenden, Dixon, Doug.as,
DuiUee, Fessenden, Fitch, Foot, Foster, (ii lines, Johnson
ot Tennessee. Lam*, Latham, Morrill, Nichol-on, Polk,
Powell. Simmon-., Sutnnei, Ton Kyok, Tiuinbull, Wade,
Wilkinson, and VViKon—3D.
NAYS—Messrs. Brays, Doohttle, Green, Hunter, John-
son ot Arkansas, King, and Suba&tian—7.
So the joint resolution was passed.
Mr. LANE subsequently said: I rise to a priv-
ileged question. I move to reconsider the vote
upon the passage of the House joint resolution
quit-claiming to Iowa the Des Moines grant. I
want to say to Senators who feel an interest in the
joint resolution, that I do it in all kindness. I
have heard some suggestions, m relation to the
report and the facts, that perhaps I had not very
carefully examined. I examined the papers to
some extent, and made up my mind that the joint
resolution was right; but on hearing some sug-
gestions, I have concluded to make this motion,
that I may have an opportunity—and I shall not
lose much time m doing it—to look over ail the
papers and facts connected with the subject.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foster in
the chair.) The Chair will state to the Senator
from Oregon, that the resolution to which he lefors
is not in the possession of the Senate. It has
been sent to the House of Bepu senium ess.
Mr. LANE Then I believe it is competent io
move that the House of Representatives be re-
quested to return the joint resolution.
The PRESIDING'OFFICER. The usual mo-
tion is, to direct the Secretary to request the return
of the joint resolution.
Mr. LANE. I make that motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is moved
that the Secretary of the Senate be directed to re-
quest the House of Representatives to return the
joint lesolution indicated by the Senator from
Oregon.
The motion was agreed to.
INDIAN HOSTILITIES IN UTAH.
Mr. BRAGG. I ask the Senate to take up,
and consider at this time, House bill No. 435. It
is a bill that ought to be put on its passage at
once.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I am desirous of taking
up the appropriation bill now; but as there are
about ten minutes left before the hour for calling
it up arrives, I will not interfere with the Senator
for that time.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (H. R. No. 435) to refund to the
Territory of Utah the expenses incurred in sup-
pressing Indian hostilities in the year 1853. It
directs that there be allowed and paid to the Ter-
iitory of Utah, the sum of $53,512 20, to reim-
burse the Territory for expenses incurred in sup-
pressing Indian hostilities in the Territory in the
year 1853, being the amount so expended, less
the excess paid to officers and soldiers by the
Territory, over the rates allowed to the United
States troops serving on the Pacific coast in the
same year. *■
Mr. BRAGG. Perhaps I should say a word
of explanation, if the Senate desire it.
Several Senators. Oh, no; it is not necessary.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to hear
some explanation of it.
Mr. BRAGG. Then I will make a very short
explanation. As Senators will perceive, this is a
bill to refund to Utah certain expenses which it is
alleged thatTerntory incurred m the suppression
of Indian hostilities in the year stated in the bill.
It went through a very elaborate examination in
the House, and was reported upon favorably. It
came to the Senate, and the papers were submit-
ted to me for examination. All I can say to the
Senate is, that I examined them with great care;
and that, so far as the cvidcnce in relation to the
claim is concerned, it seems to me ample and
complete. Indeed, I have never seen a case in
which the formalities were so well complied with.
Of course, I cannotundertake to say how true the
certificates are; but from Governor Youngdown,
in relation to every expenditure, it appears to be
m proper form. I have never seen pay-rolls made
out with such accuracy and such detail, except in
the regular service of theCJovernment; 1 mean the
regular Army. I have no reason to believe that
there is anything improper or false about it; and
the committee, 1 believe, reported the bill unani-
m ously.
I will say further, that the Delegate has been
here from time to time asking that the bill be
taken up. The Territory has no Representative
on this floor: and 1 feel it my duty, having re-
ported the bill, to comply with his request. Iam
teminded hy my friend from Oregon, [Mr, Lane,]
that at the tunc of these hostilities, it appears from
a letter from the Adjutant General that there were
no troops of the United States within several hun-
dred miles of the Territory; and it is certain that
m calling out the force at the time, it was abso-
lutely necessary to put a stop to and prevent
Indian hostilities.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to know
whether these papers have passed at all under the
supervision of the War Department5
Mr. BRAGG. They have been there; they
were ail filed there: but the Department had no
authority to settle the matter, and turned jt over to
Congress.
Mr. FESSENDEN. They may have turned
it over to Congress; but did they make an exam-
ination of it2 Is there a report from the War
Department with reference to the propriety of the
claim, or any opinion given in regard to it?
Mr. BRAGG. They state nothing' against it.
Of course, they can come to no other conclusion
than ihdt which the committees came to, so far as
