1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ent strupture known as the Long Bridge, for the
purpose of connecting with the Virginia railroads
at that point.
The first section proposes to empower the Bal-
timore and Ohio Railroad Company to extend
the Washington branch of their road from a point
in Washington city, near G street north, passing
through First street east, to near D street south,
thence by a curve crossing New Jersey avenue,
south Capitol street, and the canal, to E street
south, and through the last-named street to the
Potomac river, and to extend this line of railroad
across the river by means of a pile structure,
adjacent to and connected with the Long Bridge,
for a railroad track on the eastern side of the
bridge, so as to form a connection with the Vir-
ginia shore, and with such railroads as may be
made, or already have been made, by authority
of the State of Virginia to said point; with a pro-
viso that such widening or extension of the Long
Bridge shall be constructed with suitable draws
for the convenience of navigation.
The second section proposes to authorize the
Baltimore and Ohio Railroad Company to con-
struct a tunnel upon that portion of the line lying
between a point near C street north and the west
side of New Jersey avenue, so as to involve no
injury to the public grounds or permanent ob-
struction to the use of those streets for ordinary
purposes; and to use steam or locomotive power
on the whole or any part of the route.
The third section proposes to empower the com-
pany to lay a track, and to use the same for the
transportation of passengers and freight, from
some suitable point on the route authorized to be
extended to tide-water, between the Long Bridge*
and the Navy-Yard, so as to be connected with
southern lines of steamboats plying on the Poto-
mac river.
The fourth section provides that the company
shall have authority to lay a street track from
some convenient point on the main route author-
ized by the bill to the depot of the company in
Washington, and to transport upon it cars for
burden and passengers until such time as the tun-
nel authorized by the second section shall be com-
pleted.
The fifth section proposes to authorize the Bal-
timore and Ohio Railroad Company to charge for
the transportation of merchandise or freight, of
every description, upon the connecting railroad
authorized by the bill, to the termini thereof at
tide-water and on the Virginia shore, at the rate
of not exceeding twenty-five cents per ton net,
and for the transportation of passengers at a rate
not exceeding twenty-live cents for each passen-
ger carried by them upon the said connecting rail-
road.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Mr. President, on the
4th of May last there was a memorial of a com-
mittee of the corporation of Georgetown submitted
to this body, and a motion was made to print it.
That motion was referred to the Committee on
Printing. I have been requested by the Mayor
of Georgetown, this morning, to ask that their
memorial be read for the information of the Sen-
ate; and m compliance with that request, I ask
that the memorial be read. ,
The Secretary read it.
The Committee on the District of Columbia, to
whom the bill was referred, reported it, with
amendments, which the Secretary proceeded to
read. The first amendment was in the eleventh
line of the first section, to insert the words, " or
other suitable"between " pile"and " structure,"
so as to make it read, "and to extend said line
of railroad, by means of a pile or other suitable
structure, adjacent to, and connected with, the
Long Bridge."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was, in lines fourteen,
fifteen, and sixteen, of the first scction, to strike
out "the Virginia shore, and with such railroads
as may be made, or already have been made, by
authority of the State of Virginia to said point,"
and in lieu thereof, to insert " the Alexandria and
Washington railroad on the Virginia shore;" so
as to make the clause read, " so as to form a con-
nection with the Alexandria and Washington
railroad on the Virginia shore."
Mr. CAMERON. I desire to move an amend-
ment to the first section.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Doesthe Sen-
ator offer that as an amendment to the amendment?
Mr. CAMERON. It is a proposition to be
added to the end of the first section.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Thatis notin
order at present, and the Chair will restate the
question to be on the second amendment of the
committee.
Mr FESSENDEN. I should like to know,in
the first place, what bill is up 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
will Suspend his remarks. The Chair will remark
that it is impossible to transact business with so
much confusion in the Chamber.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I desire to know whether
this is the original bill, or that which was reported
from the committee with amendments.
Mr. KENNEDY. It is the bill-that was re-
ported from the committee with amendments.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Has there been any action
on any of the amendments r
Mr. KENNEDY. We have acted on two of
them, I think.
Mr. FESSENDEN. They passed without any
observation. I should like to inquire of the Chair
what amendments have been acted on.
The PRESIDING OFFICER Thefirstamend-
ment reported by.the committee has been agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Which is thatr
The PRESIDING OFFICER. In line eleven,
page 2, after the word " pile," to insert" orother
suitable" before " structure."
Mr. FESSENDEN. I was not aware of it. I
was conversing with another Senator while it
passed. It was to that particular amendment that
I wished to make objection.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
say, that it is notin order at this stage of the busi-
ness to debate that amendment, as we have reached
the second amendment. After that is disposed of,
it will be in order for the Senator to move to re-
consider the first amendment. The second amend-
ment of the committee is now before the Senate.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Which is the second
amendment?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secretary
will read that for the information of the Senator.
The Secretary read it, as follows: in section one,
lines fourteen, fifteen, and sixteen, to strike out
" the Virginia shore, and with such railroads as
may be made, or already have been made, by the
authority of Virginia, to said point," and insert
" the Alexandria and Washington railroad on the
Virginia shore "
Mr. KENNEDY. I will only state, for the
information of the honorable Senator, that that
amendment was put in to obviate any difficulty
about connecting with other roads. It was merely
to compel this company to connect with the Alex-
andria road, which is already constructed.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have no particular ob-
jection to that amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Thereisanother
amendment from the committee, which will be
read.
The Secretary read the next amendment; which
was, in the fifth section, to strike out the words
" at the rate of not exceeding twenty-five cents
per ton net, and for the transportation of passen-
gers at a rate not exceeding twenty-five cents for
each passenger carried by them upon the said
connecting railroad," and, in lieu of them, to in-
sert "such rates per ton for merchandise and such
rates per capita for passengers as may be agreed
upon from time to time by the connecting rail-
roads interested in this extension."
Mr. CAMERON. I hope thatamendment will
not be agreed to. It will give the power to these
connecting railroads to raise the toll on freight,
and the passenger fare, whenever they may think
proper, and to just such price as they may please.
The priee in the original bill is too high. Twenty-
five cents for carrying a passenger across these
four miles, is at least twice as much as ought to
be paid. Ten cents would be a high price. I
object to this amendment; and when it is disposed
of I shall make a motion to reduce the sum for
carrying passengers across, to ten cents. I think
that no Senator here will be in favor of this amend-
ment if he will reflect a moment about it. No
one would be willing to give such immense power
to two or three corporations here, who may be
induced by then* avarice or their interests at any
time to impose exorbitant rates on the trade and
travel passing across.
Mr. BRAGG. 1 think there is much foree ih
what has been said by the honovahteSenator from
Pennsylvania about this proposed amendment;
and I think there is an additional objection to il.
It is vague and uncertain. The amendments put
on the bill before make the Alexandria road only
to connect with this branch to the Potomac. Then
it says that the rates of toll for merchandise and
passengers shall be " such rates "per capita for
passengers as may be agreed upon from- time to
time by the connecting railroads interested in this
extension." That is a very vague "expression.
The only connecting railroad, it would seem from
the amendment before adopted, is the little Alex-
andria railroad; and it would be difficult to ascer-
tain what other railroads are interested in this
connection. My friend from Maryland tells me
that all the roads south of it, upon the great mail
route, are interested. If so, they ought to be
specifically named; for, as the matter nowstands,
it seems to me the regulation of the tolls on freight
and of the rate of carrying passengers will lie
with the Alexandria road and the road which it
is proposed to extend. I think, if that amend-
ment is insisted on, it should be rhade more cer-
tain than it is now; for from uncertainty it would
be void, I think, except as to the two roads I
have mentioned; and I do not think the public
ought to be put in their power.
Mr. KENNEDY. In order to accommldate
gentlemen, I am perfectly witling that they may
make it as specific as they please. They may
specify every road—the roads north and the roads
south of this—by name if they choose. The ob-
ject was no t to give this particular company, which
is to make the extension, a right to charge any
specific rate, but to restrict it to just the amount
that will be agreed upon by the roads south of it
and the roads north of it, which connect with it.
I mean by that, the roads that lead from the Balti-
more and Ohio road in Baltimore, to Philadelphia;
the road from Washington to Alexandria, connect-
ing south and southwest with the Orange and
Alexandria road; and the whole line of roaas run-
ning to the southwest.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. CAMERON. Now I move to amend that
section 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
state to the Senator from Pennsylvania, that the
amendments proposed by the committee are ncit
yet through, apd they are first in order.
The fourth amendmentof the committee was to
insert as a new section:
Sec. 6. Jlndbeit further enacted. That in the construc-
tion and use of the road hereby authorized the said Balti-
more and OhioRaihOJid Company shall have,exercise, and
enjoy the same rights and privileges as have heretofore
been granted to the said company by the act to which this
is a supplement, and the supplement thereto.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I desire to amend that
amendment before' it is passed upon, if possible,
by adding at the end of it the following words:
Provided, The same are not inconsistent with the provis-
ions of this act.
These words will do no harm if the bill remains
as it is, and they will be rendered applicable by
some provisions which I hope to get inserted in
the bill before it is finally acted on.
Mr. HUNTER. I should like to know what
the object of the amendment is. I should like to
have some explanation of it. I mean not the
amendment to the amendment, but the original
amendment offered, as I understpod, by the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania.
Mr. FESSENDEN. This is the amendment
of the committee, to which I offered an amend-
ment. I take it there can be no objection to my
proposition.
Mr. KENNEDY. There is no objection to it.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think there ought tobe
some explanation of the meaning of this provis-
ion. The Senate will observe that it is very
general:
Seu. 6. Jliid be it further cnacted, That in the construc-
tion and use of the road hereby authorized, the said Balti-
more and Ohio Railroad Company shall have, exercise, and
enjoy the same rights and privileges as ijave hereiofore<beeii
granted to the said company by the act to which ti)is is a
supplement, and the supplement thereto.
I would ask if this has particular reference to
any substantial provisions of acts which have
heretofore been passed, and what they are.
Mr. KENNEDY. Ithasnot. It is merely to
