174
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 21,
bring this extension under the same restrictions,
rights, and privileges, upon which the company
now operates its road within the limits of this
District.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It refers to acts that have
been passed by Congress, I suppose.
Mr. KENNEDY. Of course—the existing
laws that control the road hero now, as this is a
mere extension of it.
Mr. PESSENDEN. I think, then, there should
be an amendment. I would suggest to the Sena-
tor from Maryland that, after all, his explanation
is not quite satisfactory. It will be observed that
the language is, the " privileges" which " have
heretofore been gran ted" "by the act to which this
is a supplement,and the supplement thereto."
Now, the title of the bill refers to nothing, that I
can perceive—to no other act. This is the first
reference to any other act. We all understand
that remarkable privileges were granted to this
company by the Legislature of Maryland; and it
may bo that the former acts of Congress refer to
them. I think the Senator, to make it satisfac-
tory, should insertsome words by which it should
have some reference by way of amendment to the
acts that have heretofore been passed by Congress
in relation to this road.
Mr. KENNEDY. I have no objection to that.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
stat& to the Senator from Maine that it would not
be in order, at this stage of the proceedings, to
offer an amendment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It would be an amend-
ment to an amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Thereisalready
an amendment, and an amendment to the amend-
ment; and a further amendment would not be in
order.
Mr. FESSENDEN. My suggestion is an
amendment to the amendment, before we have
finally passed on it. We have already made one
amendment to it, and, I take it, there is no ob-
jection, in point of form, to making another.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Will the Sen-
ator send up his amendment?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Yes, sir. It is, after the
word " granted," to insert the words " by Con-
gress;" so as to read, "heretofore granted by
Congress."
The amendment to the amendmentwaa agreed
to; and the amendment, as amended, was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment of the Senator from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Cameron] is now in order, which he sent up to
the Chair before.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I trust the Senator from
Pennsylvania will waive that at present.
Mr. CAMERON. I waive it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. • I move to reconsider the
vote by which the first amendment of the com-
mittee was adopted. It passed without my ob-
servation. I wish to state a single objection to it.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to; and
the question recurred on agreeing to the amend-
ment, which was, to insert the words " or other
suitable " between " pile " and " structure."
Mr. FESSENDEN. It will be observed that
the amendment is to insert the words " or other
suitable." Now, 1 have understood—it has been
urged to me as an aigument by this company—
that the design was simply to erect a pile struc-
ture, which would not offerany additional serious
obstruction to navigation or create any very great
difficulty, and which could be removed if neces-
sary without very much trouble. By the inser-
tion of these words, however, " or other suita-
ble," you will authorize the company to build a
solid stone bridge there, if they see fit, which is
different entirely from the suggestion that was
made to me on the subject. Now, sir, I want to
know whether tile company design any such thing.
If not, they may confine themselves, f apprehend,
and ought to confine themselves, to tiie first pro-
vision which was inserted by the committee, on
the statement, as I understood, of the persons
who appeared on behalf.of the company. It will
be seen manifestly that, if these words be inserted
and this act be passed, this company will have
authority to put down a solid stone structure,
simply leaving draws, as in the ordinary case, for
the passage of vessels. I should be opposed to
that in the present state of things there. I hope,
therefore, the amendment will not be adopted.
Mr. KENNEDY I have no desire at all to
interfere in any way whatever with tiie rights of
other corporations or other roads; nor do I want
to take advantage of anybody by these words,
" or other suitable structure;" and I am perfectly
willing myself that the gentleman shall word the
clause in his own terms. The only object we
have is to get across the river, and connect with
the continuous line of railroads that runs all the
way to New Orleans, and to do it safely. 1 am
perfectly willing that this bridge shall be'built
with such guarantees and restrictions in regard to
the draw, and all other matters connected with it,
as may suit all parties who have any opposition
to it. The main objection to this bridge has been
urged heretofore from Georgetown. Their ob-
jection has been based upon the idea that the pile
bridge that stands there now has so greatly ob-
structed the navigation of the river that the com-
mcrce of Georgetown has been destroyed by it.
That is not so. All the reports from the topo-
graphical department, since 1804 to the present
time, go to prove the fact that the navigation of
the river has been improved by it. This day the
water in that channel stands deeper than it did
before that causeway and bridge were built. The
evidence is all here before m(v I am perfectly
willing, however, to agree to the Senator's prop-
osition, if he wants to put in any definite or spe-
cific plan for building this bridge. All that we
want is the right of way across. You may give
it with such checks and guards as you please.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator does not
understand me. 1 do not feel disposed to discuss
the question of the effect that has been produced
by the former bridge, or what effect will be pro-
duced by the new one. I only say that there has
been a question which has continued for some
period of time, whether the present bridge should
remain or not. If you grant this privilege to this
company of erecting such a suitable structure as
they may deem proper, the result is that that
question is determined; because they may put
down a bridge which, from its very nature and
character, cannot be removed at all; and the ques-
tion with regard to a solid, permanent bridge over
the Potomac river at that place will be precluded
forever by the very character of the erection itself.
Now, I want the Senate to understand what the
question is. If they are disposed to vote forcon-
tinuing this structure, very well. I have always
been opposed to it. Strike out the words now
proposed to be inserted, and the company can
erect a pile bridge to answer their purposes, which
is the ordinary bridge.
Mr. KENNEDY. Say " or such suitable struc-
ture as shall be approved by the Commissioner
of Public Buildings," or any other governmental
authority that may be named.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That does not save the
question. You must name the kind of bridge,
and that was done by the committee originally.
Mr. KENNEDY. Well, strike out those
words.
Mr. YULEE. I hope that no amendment will
be made which may render valueless this bill. If
a majority of the Senate are in favor of allowing
the connection between the roads in Virginia and
Maryland, I hope that the bill which provides for |
that connection will be in such shape as will se- I
cure us the advantage designed by the proposed j
legislation. I apptehend that a difficulty, which
may defeat the purpose of this bill, will grow out
of the amendment proposed by the Senator from
Maine, and which I find my friend from Mary-
land disposed to adopt. A wooden pile bridge,
I fear, would not have the strength and solidity
necessary to make a safe structure for the passage
across the river, especially in seasons of the year
when very large drifts of ice are moving down
the river. A pneumatic pile bridge would be
strong enough, but it would be exceedingly ex-
pensive to cross that wide river with pneumatic
piles; and I apprehend that the cost of crossing
on pneumatic piles would probably defeat the
purpose of the bill, and defeat the construction,
for the same reason that a construction by the
way of Georgetown is prevented, because the cost
is beyond the advantage to the companies on
whom it will be thrown. I hope, therefore, that
if a wooden pile bridge is not found to be a suffi- .
ciently safe and stfong structure, the bill will open !
to the parties who arc to construct the crossing j
the privilege of making it in some other form, as !
little obstructive to navigation as possible, but |
still secure and economical enough to permit its
being made.
Mr. I^ESSENDEN. Will the Senator allow
me to ask him whether the bridge he speaks of
will cost as much as a solid stone masonry struc-
ture ?
Mr. YULEE. I cannot say.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is very easy for any-
body to answer. The expense Joes not stand in
the way.
Mr. YULEE. The difficulty would be, that at
one part of the river they might safely use piles,
and at other parts a stone structure would be requi-
site; but under the amendment as now proposed,
they would be obliged to use piles altogether; and
inasmuch as the ordinary wooden pile would net
answer the purpose, it would have to be pneu-
matic piles all the way across, which would bo
extremely expensive. I cannot say exactly what
the cost of one pile is; but I think some tenor
fifteen thousand dollars.
Mr. DAYIS. More than that.
Mr. YULEE. More than that for each pile.
Mr. MASON. If it is intended, Mr. Presi-
dent, to connect this line of communication, North
and South, by a bridge across the Potomac river,
I suggest to the Senator who offeied the amend-
ment, and to the Senate generally, whether it
would not be unwise to restrict the company in
such manner as might really either disable them
from doing the work, or compel them to make it
so incomplete and destructive as to last but a very
short time. Now, to build a railroad or viaduct
across that river will be a very important and ex-
pensive undertaking. The river there, 1 suppose,
'must beat least a mile, or more than a mile, wide.
We all know that, m the freshets in the early
spring, coming down with immense bodies of ice,
these structures are very seriously endangered,
and more than once they have been carried away.
I presume, therefore, that the best engineering
skill will be called in aid by the company to see
that it is properly done.
Now, the amendment which was proposed from
the committee leaves it discretionary with the
company to make it a pile bridge, " or other suit-
able structure." The Senator from Maine pro-
poses to strike out those words, and to limit them
to a pile bridge, i have very little knowledge of
engineering; but I have some knowledge of the
force of this river when it has the freshets in the
spring with the great masses of ice which are
brought down against any structure in it; and I
think it would be unwise, therefore, if we intend
to enable them to make this connection, which is
really a very important one, to disable them in
effect by restricting them as to the mode in which
it shall be done.
The Senator says that if these words "orother
suitable structure" are left in the bill, it will bo
in their power to put so solid a work there as to
be unsusceptible thereafter of being removed, if
it should be contemplated at a future day to make
a very solid structure for a highway as well as
railroad. Well, a very solid structure, I suspect,
will be put there, if it is necessary to effect the
object of connecting the two roads; but it will be
no mpre solid than will be necessary to effect the
objects of the company to make a permanent
bridge. The bill guards what is really the im-
portant matter; for it provides that no matter what
structure is there, it shall have the necessary fa-
cilities for keepingopen navigation by draws, dec.
In the present bridge, which I have been familiar
with for a great many years, many Senators may
know there is a causeway, probably one fourth
the distance of the bridge, running from the Dis-
trict side over to the Virginia shore—a permanent
causeway of earth and stone—which obstructs
the lide and the flow of the water, not injuriously
at all, for it is built near the shore, and, in fact,
where it docs not affect the navigation; and be-
yond that the whole structure is upon piles. Now,
what this railroad company may contemplate I
do not know. I should presume, however, that
the structure which is already there, would be
the best guide for our Government. They may
design, and probably do, merely to enlarge that
causeway, to widen it, so as to give them a
breadth there for their railroad.
Mr. KENNEDY. I can say to the Senator
that that is their view; to build a bridge alongside
of the present one on piles.
Mr. MASON. I should suppose it was. Now,
