1134
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 23,
enue, and the United Slates to do the balance of the work
to low-water maik.
The Improvement to be made on these grounds, until this
scwei be constructed, will be subject to the wash from the
whole of Flushing avenue. J therefore respectfully lecom-
rneml that the Committee of Ways and Mean?; he asked to
insert in the navv bill an appropriation of $60,000 for the
construction of the sewer, with a proviso that the city of
Biooklyn shall pay one halt the cost ol the same on Flush-
ing avenue.
I have the honor to be. with great respect, your obedient
servant, JOSEPH SMITH.
Hon. J. C. Dobbin, Secretary of the Navy.
It was upon that suggestion, proceeding from
the Navy Department, that the appropriation of
$60,000 was made in the act of the 3d of March,
1857. 1 learn, too, that by a suppiemental esti-
mate which came from the Navy Department
since the commencement of the present session of
Congress, which I understand has been ordered
to be printed by the Senate, but has not yet been
laid on our tables, a new estimate has been made,
for $ similar amount. The water from about six
hundred acres, embraced within the limits of the
city of Brooklyn, now flows on to Flushing ave-
nue; and the chief of the Bureau of Yards and
Docks says that it is necessary either to have a
sewer constructed in order to drain that water off,
or else to build a liigli wall adjacent to Flushing
avenue, on our own property, so as to prevent
the water that comes down to Flushing avenue
passing off through our own grounds; for now all
the water from that quantity of land finds its way
across our grounds, through the buildings and
between the buildings that have been erected for
the accommodation of the public officers there. It
is, therefore, necessary, m the view of those who
are familiar with the subject, cither to have this
sewer, in order to carry off the water that drains
down on Flushing avenue, or else to build a wall
there and clam up the water on Flushing avenue,
thus creating a nuisance, not only to our own
people who aie located there, but to the people
generally. I also have a letter from Commodore
Smith, written this morning, in which he says:
Bureau of Yard* anu Docks, Fchriuay 1861.
Sir : 1 have received ) our lettei ol the k22d mutant, and
In icply would state that no estimate was Mihimttcd by
the buiean,m it- annua) estimates, for ihe scwei men-
tioned; but an amendment was made to the N.ivv appl-
anation bill, appioved Hd Maieh, 18.V7, b.Lsed, 1 ptounie,
upon the letter of the Hmeaii to the Seeietai) of lite N.ivj,
dau-d bill January, 18.Y7, a copy of winch is heiewith in-
closed.
That is the letter which I have just read.
The act of the .'Id Maieh, 18.77, nppinpuafe-* .«(>0.00() for
the conjunction of a >-e\vei on Flu-dung avenue, thiough
the United State?, ptopei ty at the Btookhn nav\ v.ml, to
tin.* waters, of the Wallahout, on condition that ihe eity of
UiooMyn should pa) one half of the expense of the same
on Flushing avenue.
Tin: city of Brooklyn foiling to comply with the piovii-
ions oi .lie act, the sower was not constructed; and, alter
the expiration of two yoats, the money went baek to the
sin| lu-5 fund of ihe Tiea-my, according to l.ixv.
Tlnv inipiovenient, in tin* opinion of the htneau, in abso-
lutely neces.sarj, both tor the accommodation of the oily
and Government property. Theco-aol the work cannot
be pieeUHy stated ; liut the engineer ol the yard thinks the
amount (.^G(),UOO) sulheient. Of the-, however, thebmcau
is m doubt.
1 am, sn, very respectfully, yom obedient servant,
JOSEPH SMITH.
Hon. J. W. Crimes, United States Senate.
I have nothing further to say in regard to the
necessity of this measure. The Senate have all
the facts before them.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 would suggest to the
Senator that the amendment winch he has offered
wants a little correction, in my judgment. As it
stands now, it really uppiopnaics nothing.
Air. GRL\1E>S. It was diawn by the Depart-
ment.
Air. FESSENDEN. By looking at if, my
friend will see that the amount should be stated
at the end of the amendment.
Mr. GRIMES. I will ask the Cleik to read it,
as it is amended.
The Secretary read, as follows:
Tint the sum of §00,000 be, and the *amc h hereby, ap-
propuated, out of any money in the Tr< a-tn > not otheiw
appi opi iated, for the ^-appropriation ol that sum which was
nppiopnated on the 3d oi March.
Mr. GRIMES. That will do.
Air. BAYARD. With the explanation of the
honorable Senator from Iowa, this amendment
presents a very different ease from what it did
yesterday. I have no doubt, not only of the
power, but the duty of the Government, if the
health of its office is and employes at the navy-
yard requires that a sewer shall be constructed
through the public grounds, to construct it, and
pay the whole expense, through the public
grounds, it is apart of its duties certainly to
provide for the health of the men employed at the
establishment which it considers necessary for
the general naval service of the country; but I do
think it somewhat of an objection to this appro-
priation now, that it comes without any examina-
tion by an engineer who has estimated the cost
of the construction.
Mr. GRIMES. If the Senator had paid atten-
tion to theletter which I first read, written in 1857,
he would have seen that there was an estimate.
Mr. BAYARD. I understand that letter; but
no estimate of the engineer is given. I speak of
an estimate in its proper sense, asan examination
by a competent scientific officer—or man if you
please; I do not care whether he is a civilian or
an officer—who litis made his estimate of the cost
of the construction of the work on some specific
design—on some particular plan. Here there is
nothing of the kind. It is a mere loose recom-
mendation.
So far from the fact of appropriations made in
1857 being a recommendation for their passage
now, itisknown thatthen, with a redundantTreas-
ury, there was no species of appropriation that
could not be got through Congress, if any one, hav-
ing any influence in the body, chose to press it. It
comes to me, therefore, with no recommendation
on the ground that it is a reappropriationof money
appropriated in the early part of 1857, when we
had a Treasury which every one who was then a
member of this body knows there was evei y desire
to deplete in every possible mode. We do not
stand in any such position now. If this woik was
really of so great an importance as it must be, if this
whole avenue is overflowed—I know what loose
statements superintendents of navy-yards can
make on these matters—so as to affect the health
of the inhabitants on the other side of the stieet,
as well aw of the officers stationed at the na\ y-yard,
how was it, that when the United States made so
liberal an offer as to pay the entire cost of the con-
struction of this sewer through the public grounds,
and one half of the cost of its construction through
the avenues of the city of Brooklyn, (conceiving
it of great importance to the city also,) the city
did not condescend to accept it? That being the
! case, I cannot suppose the emergency is so press-
ing, or the necessity, in reference to health, so
exigent as to require tluw appropriation now.
Well, then, sir, when you come to look at the
present condition of the Treasury—if this appro-
priation could be suffered to lapse, because the
city of Brooklyn did not think it of sufficient im-
portance to go into the measure at such a greatly
reduced cost to herself—I do not think we ought
to he called upon at the present time to make the
appropriation. If it had been of this overwhelm-
ing iiunoUanee, the city of Brooklyn certainly
would have accepted the appropriation made by
Congress in 1857. I am willing to give that def-
erence to the statement of the Department, to sup-
pose that it is a work which may be proper and
right; and yet, it appears thoie is also an alter-
native. I think we should not lightly agree to
make an appropriation of §60,000, which may end
m §500,000, for aught we know, because the work
is to be constructed without any estimate having
been made by any scientific man, without any
calculations of its cost, without any detailed plan.
The honorable Senator merely presents a plan of
the harbor of New York and the navy-yard at
Biooklyn. There is no plan giving the dimen-
sions of this work. We know nothing about it.
We have no estimate of the cost; but we are asked
to appropriate $60,000, in the iirst instance, pro-
vided tin; city of Biooklyn will agree to pay half
the cost of a certain portion of the sewer. What
is the icIjUvc cost of the sewer, I do not know.
Whether the honorable Senator can tell me, I do
not know. I mean its relative cost tlnough the
public grounds, and that portion which goes
through those avenues. 1 do not know the rela-
tive length; I do not know the whole length; and
I do not suppose the Department knows the whole
extent of the sewer. I do not suppose there has
been any species of calculation of the cost made.
Now, is it right; do we in other respects, in our
public improvements,act m the same way? When
we construct a harbor of refuge, do we not require
that there shall be an inquiry and an estimate
made by competent officers, allowing the cost of
the work ? Does not every one know, that if we
make a general appropriation for the construction
of the work, with no estimate, when the $60,000
is expended they may tell you that they have
begun; that Flushing avenue has been opened, and
that you must go on with the work; and whether
it is to cost §600,000, or $500,000, or $300,000,
you will then be compelled to pay the balance.
It seems to me that the necessity of this work—
as it has been laid over because the authorities of
Brooklyn did not consider it of sufficient import-
ance to the health of the city to act upon a most
liberal appropriation made by the Federal Govern-
ment as regards the relative interest of both par-
ties—cannot be so pressing as to require us to ap-
propriate this money qow. The city authorities
let it pass for four years; and I am not aware that
even now they have made any application for it.
The proviso is putin that they are to agree to pay
one half the expense of a certain portion of the
work; but whether they have asked for it, we
have no official information whatever. We do not
know that they will consent to it now. Under
these circumstances, I think that it may go over
for the present; that the exigency does not demand
the appropriation; that the navy-yard can get
along without the health of the officers and men
there being seriously impaired; and we may, in
the present state of the Treasury, dispense with
this until we get more accurate information as to
the character of the woik and the sum it will cost.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foster.)
The question is on the amendment on which the
yeas and nays were ordered yesterday.
Air. BRAGG. I merely wish to say, in ex-
planation of my vote, that I opposed this amend-
ment yesterday; but on an examination of the
map this morning, and hearing privately what
the Senator from Iowa has stated on the floor, I
have become satisfied it ought to be adopted. L
shall vote for it.
The yeas and nays were taken.
Air. GREEN said, (before the result was an-
nounced,) I voted, butjf had agreed to pair off
with the Senator from New York, [Mr. Sew-
ard.] If this subject is considered one of those
questions proper for a pair, I ask leave to with-
draw my vote.
Air. BINGHAM. How did the Senator voter
Mr. GREEN. In the negative.
Air. GRIMES. I hope the Senator will not
withdraw his vote, so as to leave us without a
quorum.
Air. FESSENDEN. It will not change the
result.
Air. GREEN. I think my honor compels me
to withdraw my vote.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Not if it does nolchange
the result.
Air. GREEN. If the Senators on the other
side say u may stand, [" yes,"] I shall not in-
sist on withdiawing it.
The result was announced—yeas 26, nays 12;
as follows:
YEAS --Messrs. Anthony, Bingham, Biagg, Bright,Chan-
dlo, Clark, Collaniei, Ciittemlen, Dixon." Doohtile, Fes-
senden, Foot, Fostet, Grimes Hale, Hemphill. Latham,
Mon ill, NiehoKon, Pen ice, Simmons, Sumner, Ten EycK,
Trumbull, Wade, and WiKon—OS.
NAYS—Messr<. Bayaid, Clingman, Fitch, Gieen, Hun-
ter, Johnson ot Arkansas, Johnson ot Tennessee, Lane,
Polk, Powell, fck'b;u,tian, and Wilkinson—12.
So the amendment was agieed to.
Air. FITCH. I offer the following as an ad-
ditional section to the bill:
rfml he it further enacted, That, to enable the Superin-
tendent ol Public Printing to c\ecute the binding and rut-
ins, and to furni-h blank books lor the iegitdative, execu-
tive, and judicial department5?, at'tei the 4th of Maieh, 1861,
in accordancc with the piovisions of the joint je-olutiou
of June 23, I860,in relation to iltr public pi intnis," the
Secretary of the Tieasiny he, and he i-> heicbv, directed to
place to the ciedit ot the Supeimtendent ot Public Punt-
ing the sninv heietofore appiupiiated for binding, ruling,
and bianlcbooks for the said depaitment* nvpectivelv ; and
should the rrinteis or Bmdeis to the present Congie^, or
either of them, decline or lad to execute any ot the print-
ing or binding oub.-red b\' the Senate or IIoihp of Itepie-
sentatives during the present set^ion. the Stipeuntendetit
of Public Printing h heieby autiioi ued and dneeted to
cau'-se the printing ot binding so oideied and declined to be
executed under the provisions of the joint resolution here-
inbefoie leieried to.
It will be perceived that the amend mentis merely
to guard the public work. The binding of the sev-
eral Executive Departments is now done under the
supervision of the head of each Department. Un-
der the law of last year, it will doubtless be done
