1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1135
hereafter at this establishment. They will, of
course, no longer selcct each his own binder, but
will send all their work, the binding, and ruling,
and the furnishing of blank-books, to the printing
establishment. The first clause of the amendment
simply provides that such portion of the depart-
mental contingent funds as are setaside to pay for
this work, shall be placed to the credit of the Su-
perintendentofPrinting, so that in the settlement of
the accounts his certificates may apply to that
fund m payment of the work; otherwise, there will
be no means of paying for it. The second clause
is to meet a very possible contingency; namely,
the refusal of the Printers or Binders of either of
the two Houses to do the work ordered during
this session, and to enable theSuperintenriont in
the event of such refusal or neglect, to have it done
at the Government establishment. If they execute
their work according to their contracts, of course
there will be no action by theSupermtcndentunder
this clause.
Mr. BAYARD. I want to move an amend-
mentto the amendment, which will pioperiy come
in there, which 1 was instructed by the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary to move as an amendment to
this bill. It relates to printing the records of the
Supreme Court of the United States. The law
of last session, when you come to examine it, I
do not think intended to include their printing.
The judges have their doubts about it, and have
a difficulty in giving a construction to it; but be-
lieving that that printing may be more properly
left, for it is a very small matter, to the supervis-
ion of the court, and done under contract, as it
lias been by the provisions of the act of 17th of
June, 1844, 1 have been instructed .by the Judi-
ciary Committee to report an amendment; arid I
move it as an amendment to this. I do not mean
to embarrass this in anyway. I think it very
proper in itself, and 1 suppose there will be no ob-
jection made to it. The object is to keep distinct
the printing of the Supreme Court, which amounts
to some six thousand dollars a year—their records
merely. There is nothing else to be printed for
the court, under the act of 1844.
The Secretary read the amendment to the
amendment, to add as a proviso:
Pioiitlcdj That the printing lor the SuptemeConrtot the
United States shall continue to be done by contiact, pur-
suant u> the act of 17th of June. 1844.
Mr. FITCH. I am unwilling to throw any ob-
stacle in the way of the adoption of any amend-
ment the Senator may offer; but i think the adop-
tion of this one a matter of very questionable
Eropriety. The Supreme Court js a cooidinate
ranch of the Government. The Government
now has its own printing establishment. I do not
see the propriety of allowing this, that, and the
other branch of Government, a particular bureau,
or a particular head of a Department, to make a
contract for his prmtmgand his binding as a sep-
arate item. The whole work should be under the
charge of the one officer who is responsible to
Congress and to the President for the discharge
of his duty, and not have the heads of the sepa-
rate Departments, when expenditures aie made
for printing, ordei it without our having any
check upon them; without our having any means
of knowing the amount involved, or whether the
printing ordered by them was or was not abso-
lutely essential. 1 do not, however, wish to in-
terpose any lengthened objection to the Senator's
amendment.
Air.BAYARD. The honorable Senator started
with an allegation that be had no particular ob-
jection to my amendment, and then went on to
state a series of objections to it. He is not very
friendly to it, evidently. There is a distinction
in this case, i have always been in favor of hav-
ing a public printing establishment, with a view
mainly to disconnect Congress and the Executive
Departments from subsidiary action upon the
press. That was my principal reason. As to this,
printing, however, it is of a distinct character;
there is nothing discretionary about it; it is the
printing of the records of the Supreme Court that
are transmitted there in cases that may be filed.
They are printed under the order of the court: it
is entirely definite; there is no discietion that can
lead to abuse. There may be more one year than
others, arising from the number of cases and the
size of the record. AH 1 can say is, that I have
no particular desire in reference to the amend-
ment. I think it right. I received a note some time
ago from one of the judges of the court, stating
the views of the court; and the committee thought
that they should be satisfied in that respect. He
says:
"The judges of the Supreme Court have difficulty m
eon-truing the resolution of last year, providing for the pub-
i lie punting. We have come to I he condition that our
i tccoids c:\nnotdulyandiii time be printed, and tlmtthe old
j mode suits best. It is therefore desired by the judges that
' the appropriation bilJ be so amended as to free the lesoiu-
Uon tiom doubt. I speak by the authority of the court."
There may be a practical inconvenience aris-
ing, if this printing be done at the Government
establishment. Congress being in session at the
same time with the Supreme Court, the business
must necessarily beconducted at the pubhcpnnt-
ing office, under the joint resolution, m the order
in which it is received. The Supreme Court may
have before it a ease for argument in which it
may require the printing of the record out of the
order in which it was filed. The general rule is
to print the recoids as they come in; but some-
times an appeal or wut of en or is taken,and the
record not filed for some time afterwards; and
they are printed m the order in which they are
filed; but when a case is about to be called, it may
be that some other, removed from it on the docket
by fifty or sixty or a hundred numbers, may re-
quire to be considered with it, m order that jus-
tice may be dispensed to the parties by a'full
hearing, and that there may be no delay in wait-
ing for the heaiing of the second cause before
the first is decided. Under these circumstances,
it frequently happens—this is the assurance to
me of the officers of the couit—that they are
obliged, u nder the contract which they have for
this printing, which is done by contract with the
lowest bidder, as it has been since 1844, to have
the records printed out of their order. No com-
plaint has been made of favoritism in this print-
ing; because there is no discretion as to the char-
acter of the subject-matter. They require often
that the contractor shall throw aside any other
business in ordei to print, whenever it becomes
necessary, a iccord that should be immediately
printed.
1 have examined the law of the last session,
end I doubt very much whether it did intend to
include this printing of the Supreme Court. The
language relates to the congressional printing, and
the punting of the executive and judicial depart-
ments, and of the Court of Claims. 3f it had
meant to include the Supreme Court, when it
included the Court of Claims by name, I think
it would have mentioned theSupremc Court. The
term " judicial department," we all understand,
applies to the Attorney General's office. I do not
think it intended to include the Supreme Court.
The printing is, as 1 stated, specific in its character.
It is not in the discretion of the court; it depends
on the number of suits, and vai les with the amount
of the records. The judges have, after consider-
ation, expressed the opinion, through one of their
number, to the Committee on the Judiciary,* that
the present system, m this respect, should be con-
tinued; and 1 trust the amendment which I have
offered will be adopted.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I am very much afraid I
that, if we begin with these exceptions, we shall ■
hardly know where to leave off; and 1 do not sec !
the practical difficulty suggested by the Senator !
from Delaware. These records are far in ad vance j
of the arguments m the court. They are most:
of them filed at the beginning of the u-nn. We ;
all know the coui t is behindhand. These iccords i
are pi inted mostly m vacation, and generally ready ;
at the beginning of the term; and if any of them
come in during the session of the court, they go j
so far behind on the docket that there isan abund- !
mice of time to print them before they are reached '
in the ordinary course. All experience shows i
that. We know that the clerk, at the beginning :
of eveiy session of the court, has a large number ■
of records of case.^ which have been printed dur- !
ing the recess; and the most of the printing would i
be done during the recess. Theie is a question
about the price. We have been at a great deal i
of expense m order to put up this establishment, !
and it was with a view to save expense in print- .
ing, tile Printer'^ fw-<s, the difference between fat :
and lean, &c.—terms which I do not understand, I
except when I come to pay the hill. As a mem- 1
ber of the Committee on Printing, I had occasion ;
to look over that matter. We do not know on j
what terms it is to be done. If it is continued to j
be done under the direction of the Supreme Court,
they do it, of course, according to the ordinary
terms of printers outside of tho Government estab-
lishment.
Air. BAYARD. The act of 1844 provides that
u shall.be done by contract to the lowest bidder,
it is done under contract always.
Air. FESSENDEN. Undoubtedly; but out
own establishment docs not come nuo competi-
tion as the lowest bidder.
Mr. BAYARD. It cannot.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Undoubtedly,it cannot;
and for that reason we shall have to pay move for
this printing. Next, we shall have an applica-
tion to exempt the Court of Claimsasnot strictly
part of the judicial department. If the words
'' judicial department of the Government'* do
not include the Supreme Court, I really do not
know what they can include. The Courtof Claims
is mentioned because there is doubt whether that
be considered a part of the judicial depaitmcnt.
It cannot render any judgment. It only makes
up cases, and presents them to us for our judg-
ment. It does not render judgments that are final;
and therefore, in regard to it, there might have
been a doubt as to whether it. was included in the
general terms, '' judicial department;" and to
make it certain. It was mentioned specifically.
Really, 1 have listened to the honorable Senator
from Delaware, disposed to go for this if there
seemed to be any necessity for it; but the neces-
sity docs not strike my mind as it does his.
Mr. BAYARD. I am not at all anxious about
this amendment. If it is the pleasure of the Sen-
ate to reject it, be it so. The court have requested
it after consultation among themselves. They
have stated that, in thiiv opinion, it would be
practically mconvenientthat their printing should
be done at the Government establishment; and it
seems to rhe, from my knowledge of the practice
of the court, that it may well be so. The honor-
able Senator fiom Alaine is entiiely mistaken in
supposing that the records arc printed in vacation.
I venture to say that there are but few of the rec-
oids filed until the commencement of the term,
although the cases may be appealed during vaca-
tion. The oider of the court requires the record
to be filed within ten days after the commence-
ment of the term, or the cause is liable to be dis-
missed, and it is very seldom that they are filed
before. Frequently there a hundred and fifty or
two hundred cases brought to a term, and the rec-
ords are very voluminous indeed, especially in
the appeals in California land cases. They are
obliged to print thi-m,and they prmtthem usually
in the order in which they come in. That is the
statement of the cleik to me. I have hSd state-
ments made to me of the practical inconvenience
which might result. The officers of the court are
sometimes obliged to compel the contractor to
throw aside his otdinary business in order to ap-
propriate the labor of ten or twelve men to the
speedy printing of a record, where,in the course
of the administitition of justice, it is necessary
to print u in advance. Sometimes it may be be-
hind a hundred other cases, and yet justice may
require that it should be heard with a previous
case.
Again: upon motions to dismiss, which may
always be made on one week's notice, it is re-
quired that the record shall bo before the court.
That is the standing order of the court. The
printed record must be before them when the mo-
tion is heard. The motion to dismiss may be
made, and the rccord may not be printed; and if
the record is not printed, the motion cannot be
heard.
I cannot go into all these details. I give you
the opinion of the court; I give you the opinion
of the officers; I have given you cases in which
it wouldbepiacticaily inconvenient. I have shown
you that it is a very small sum in its aggregate;
that,fr( m tho character of the printing, it neces-
sarily cannot lead to any abuse of discretion what-
ever, which I consider—not the mere question of
expense, but the question of abuse of discretion—
as the main reason for transferring the public
printing from a contractor, or from partisans ap-
pointed by either House, to a public establish-
ment disconnected with the press. I never sup-
posed there would be any materia! saving to the
Government m the mere costof printing; but tJie
saving will arise from the fact that you will not
order in Congress the same amount of printing
