176
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 21.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair did
Hot so understand the result; but the fact is that
very few Senators voted on either side, and the
Chair will put the question again. The question
is on agreeing to the amendment reported by the
committee which has been reconsidered. *
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move to amend by add-
ing to the first section:
Jlml provided further, That from and after the accept-
ance of the privileges confeired by this act, the pioperty of
the said company within the Distiict of Columbia shall be
subject to taxation as real estate, in the same manner and
to the same extent as the real estate of individuals, except-
ing, however, the road bedot the said company within said
District.
I will state the grounds upon which I offer the
amendment. I do it *ff the request of certain gen-
tlemen connected with the city corporation here.
I understand that when the original charter was
granted by Maryland to this company, there was
an exemption from taxation, in consideration of
the fact that a certain sum was levied upon each
passenger for the benefit of the State of Mary-
land—fifty cents, I think, on a person passing
through the State—and which was in full of all
taxes and assessments whatever. When Con-
gress passed the bill allowing the road to be ex-
tended into the District of Columbia, there was a
clause in it which gave the right to the company
upon the same terms with their original charter.
I understand that the attention of the officers of
the road was called to it at the time, and the an-
swer was made, that they did not intend to avail
themselves of that exemption here in the District
of Columbia-, but, as a matter of fact, they have
objected, and all their property of every kind and
description in the District of Columbia, including
their valuable real estate, is holden free from as-
sessments for the support of the government here,
to which other property is subject. I suspect that
it is the only instance of the kind on record. The
property of these corporations, the real estate
especially, is always considered as fit for taxation,
like all other property. It will be at once per-
ceived that it has the benefit of the protection of
the city, of the police of the city—such protection
as it may afford; and it hay all the other privileges
that are common to other property m the city.
Now, is there any reason in the world why this
large and valuable property of the Baltimore and
Ohio Railroad Company within the District of
Columbia should not pay its proportion to the
supportof the several items of municipal expense
like other property? I can sec none; and I think
now, when we are granting them additional priv-
ileges in this city—the privilege to pass across it
and to pass across the river within the District—
they should subject themselves willingly to what
all other companies of the same character are
subjected to; pay their proportion of taxation
accoidmg to the property that they hold within
the limits of the District, for municipal purposes;
and 1 have moved the amendment for the purpose
of effecting that object. It strikes me as emi-
nently proper.
Mr. MASON. The effect of the amendment,
I understand, will be not only to subject to fixa-
tion this new structure that this company will
make through the cify of Washington, but to
subject to taxation their present property within
the'District, which, I understand, is not now sub-
ject to taxation.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Certainly; that is my
purpose.
Mr. MASON. I would ask the honorable
Senator if that right or privilege is asked for by
the city of Washington ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. I said that I offered the
amendment at the requestand suggestion of some
gentlemen who are members of the city corpora-
tion. ft was suggested to me by the Mayor of
Washington this morning, and it had been before.
Mr. MASON. I did not know how that fact
was. I do not know anything about the previ-
ous legislation on this subject; but I had pre-
sumed that if the city of Washington allowed the
railroad company to make its present structures
within the city limits without at that time asking
that they should be subject to taxation, it must
have been upon some arrangement or actual com-
pact between them, tacit, if not express.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It was stated to me, as
I said, that at the time when the original act was
under consideration to allow them to extend their
road into this District, this objection was made
and pointed out to the officers of the company, it
being said to them that they were not subject to
taxation in Maryland, and that by the terms of
the act all their property-here would be holden
free from taxation. The answer was, that that
might be so; but that they did not intend to avail
themselves of that privilege within the District.
But after the act went into operation—and it is
in accordance, of course, with the proceedings of
all companies in like cases—when the attempt
was made to subject them to assessment, then
the legal objection was made; and from that time
to the present they have paid nothing. Now, it
is manifest to my mind that all the property o'f
this company ought to be taxed just like all prop-
erty of other corporations and of individuals. No
consideration whatever is received by this city
more than is received by other cities in like cases.
Mr. MASON. The informant of the honorable
Senator, whoever he was, meant, of course, to
ascribe bad faith to the company. Now, I have
hardly a personal acquaintance with any member
of the company that 1 know of, and no other feel-
ing than a desire to faclitate this connection; but I
submit to the Senate and to that Senator, whether,
uponlooseand informal conveisations in that way
with gentlemen who are members of the City
Councils, orwhoeverthey arc,it would be respect-
ful or respectable in us necessarily to ascribe bad
faith to a company in which I doubt not there are
men of as high character as are to be found in the
country. If they did plant their public works
within the city of Washington with an exemption
from taxation under existing laws in Maryland,
stating at the same time that they would not avail
themselvesof thatexomption, and afterwardsdid,
there was not only bad faith but mendacity. Now
I can hardly conceive that if the city of Wash-
ington designed or desired to tax that property,
if it was a greater object to the city to tax it than
to have thebenefitofits presence and the terminus
of the road here at that time, they would have
been content with loose conversation. I am sure
the Senator from Maine would not have been; I
am sure I would not have been. Men arc not
accustomed to transact important business in that
loose manner, subject to the caprices, or subject
to the improprieties, as it may be, of one of the
parties. I know nothing about the facts; but I
can hardly conceive it possible thata railroad com-
pany, with a law that exempted them from tax-
ation, could have satisfied the authorities of the
city of Washington that they did not mean toavail
themselves of the privilege of that law. These
loose and informal conversations are more apt to
mislead than to enlighten our judgments.
This new structure that the company are to
make will be one, doubtless, of very great ex-
pense; because they aie to tunnel through the
Capitol Iiill under some of the streets, and they
are to make an erection across the river. The
increased emolument they will derive from that
portion of the road will be very little m propor-
tion to the expenditure; and now, to avail our-
selves of their icquest, to extend the power of tax-
ation over property now exempt from taxation,*
would be a burden that I should think they could
hardly bear.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not consider it ma-
terial at all, whether there was this bad faith or
not. It was given to me as an explanation of the
matter. It is very clear, there is no dispute about
the fact that they are not now subject to taxation.
If that is so, it appears to me just and reasonable
that they should be. If I have been misinformed
in any particular—and I have not looked at the
acts—of course what I have said will go for noth-
ing. I shall be very happy to be corrected, if I
am in error at all; but if the fact is that this large
amount of property in this city is not subject to
assessment for taxes at this time, and no consid-
eration has been paid for the exemption, I think
on every principle it should be subject to taxa-
tion; and therefore I shall insist on the amend-
ment, unless gentlemen can give a better explan-
ation than 1 have heard.
Mr. DAVIS. I suppose the connection of the
Baltimore and Ohio railroad, through the city of
Washington, with the great system of southern
roads, is to the advantage of other persons rather
than of the company. It is well known that the
great capital of that company is invested in the
Baltimore and Ohio road. The road to this city
is a mere branch, small in extent, small in its
amount of businesscompared with the other; and
the connection of that branch with the system of
southern roads is to the advantage of other people
rather than of the company; and any incumbrance,
either by taxation in the District or by any oner-
ous-requirement as to how the connection shall
be formed, may deter the company from the un-
dertaking. I think the connection of this vacant
link of great importance to others; of some im-
portance to the company certainly, or they would
not undertake it; but only important when every
facility is afforded to them to enable them to make
it at the smallest expense. I regret, therefore,
that any condition should be imposed upon them
in relation to the bridge, other than such as was
necessary to secure the navigation. The remarks
of the Senator from Maine, so far as they were
directed to the public question of the navigation
of the river, I thought entirely correct; and I con-
curred with him in all his remarks so far as they
tended to that result. Beyond that, I do not see
why we should engage in the question'of the
bridge. The railroad company nave an interest
in making the best bridge they can afford to build.
A bridge which resists the ice, and which bears
the sudden concussion of the track running over
it, must be a peculiar structure. If they avail
themselves of the present causeway for the greater
portion of the bridge, the remainder of it must be
constructed upon a plan which will serve the pur-
pose of the railroad company; and if we impose
the restriction that it shall not interfere with the
navigation of the river, I think we do all that the
public interests require. I will say here that I
have known 110 occasion in which Congress have
undertaken to interfere with an engineering ques-
tion, to direct how any engineering problem
should be solved, that they have not done mischief
and mischief only; and I should be glad on this
occasion if we would simply allow this company
to construct the cdfinection of their branch with
the southern roads, without throwing in any hin-
drance, either in the form of taxation or 111 direc-
tions as to the engineering problem of how they
shall cross the river.
Mr. CAMERON. Mr. President, I am sur-
prised that there should be any objection to pay-
ing this tax to the city of Washington. This is
the most profitable piece of railroad in the United
States—forty miles of railroad on which thechar^e
is $1 50. They pay say fifty cents of that to the
State of Maryland; but one dollar is the highest
price paid for traveling the same distance on any
road north of this. The road is constantly crowded
with passengers, and so profitable is it, that within
a month I will guaranty to find a company who
will make a road alongside of it, and who will
agree to pay taxation on all their property, and
give you a bonus besides, jf you wish. The truth
is that there is business enough for two roads here.
This is a close corporation, which has been man-
aging its affairs entirely for its own benefit. The
Senator from Maryland believes these gentlemen
are not anxious to make the connection. He tells
us every now and then that if we do not hurry up
and give them this piivilege, they will make their
arrangements to go around the town. I am not
in favor of their going through this town unless
they do it to the satisfaction of the citizens of
Washington and of Georgetown.
The Senator from Maryland said, a little while
ago, that the channel above this bridge was deeper
now than ever before. That is probably true;.but
the reason for it is, that the city of Georgetown
paid, during the last summer, more than ten thou-
sand dollars for deepening the channel and remov-
ing the deposits which have been made there in
consequence of this bridge, as they say. A large
portion of the citizens here say that this new road
is to be an injury to them. They have nobody
in this House or the other to represent their
wishes; but it is the duty of Congress to take
care of their interests. I believe that this company
should be willing to pay those taxes. They ought
to do it. They have possibly $300,000 worth of
property in this town. I do not'know how much
it is; but I presume it is that much at least. The
taxation which is charged property-holders here
I understand is sixty cents on the $100. That
rate on $300,000 would give $18,000 a year—a
sum of money small, probably, to the company,
but which would be very large and useful to the
people of this city. There is no reason why a poor
