1136
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 23.
you would have done if you had the editor of a
press, elected by each House, as Public Printer.
Any one can understand the operation of that.
Again: in connection with the Executive Depart-
ments, there is a general discretionary power, of
course, and the abase of that discretion might be-
come dangerous as a source of patronage; but here
the power is limited. The question connects it-
self with the records of the court alone. The
judges themselves neither know nor care anything
about them, except that under a general order the
records are printed. The contract is made with
the lowest bidder. I doubt whether there will be
any difference in the expense whether the work
be executed by the Government office or by con-
tract, as at present, as a mere matter of expense.
The law was made to correct evils in other print-
ing; and, m my judgment, does not reach the
printing of the Supreme Court. If the Senate think
differently, and choose to refuse it, it is a matter
of no moment to me. I only desire that the judg-
ment of the Senate shall be expressed.
Mr. FITCH. I have listened, as well as the
noise around me would permit, to the arguments
adduced hy the Senator from Delaware in favor
of his proposed amendment; and the more I look
into it, the more convinced i am of the impro-
priety of its adoption. 1 have the joint resolution
now before me; and if Senators will listen to the
first clause of U, they will find that his amend-
ment is a repeal, in part, of the system we have
just established before it goes into operation. All
the objections, urged by the Senator, or rather the
arguments urged by him m favor of his amend-
ment, growing out of delays which have occurred
in the printing for the Supreme Court, apply only
to the present system; they cannot apply to the
new one, because it has not been tried.
Mr, BAYARD. The honorable Senator is mis-
taken, 1 did not say delays had occurred. 1 said
delays had not occurred,"but would occur under
the now system. Both the court and Congress
being in session at the same time, the printers at
your office cannot give the preference to the ju-
dicial printing of arecoid where a motion is made,
or where the record is requned to bo printed m
anticipation of its regular time. They would give
the prefeience to the record, (t is not like an
ordinary bill; it is very oflen a book.
Mr. FiTCU. Weil, Mr. President, I misun-
derstood the Senator; and, instead of stating that
delays have occurred hrretofoie, he seems to be
anticipating that of which (here is no probability.
The capacity of the establishment about to go into
operation is far superior to any demands we can
make upon it; and his proposition is merely to
initiate a separate printing establish me in for every
head of Department and for every branch of the
Government. That will be the result of it. Here
is the language of the first clause of the joint res-
olution ot the J23d of June last:
"That the Hupeiimendent ofthe Public Printing be,and
he hereby,authorized anddueeted to have executed the
printing and binding siuthoi i/,ed by lift' Senate and IIou->e
of Repie^entauve>, the cxecutn e and judicial dep.ntments,
and the Couit of Claims.
It covers every branch of the Government; and
all combined cannot make demands upon the new
printing establishment which it cannot promptly
execute.
Mi. BAYARD. I stated that I was very in-
/Jiflerent, personally, about this matter. 1 cannot
set; tin- evil that the honorable Senator depicts. 1
cannot see any probability of this leading to the
exception of other piloting from the opetaUon of
our own printing office, if 1 thought so. I would
vote ^ainiitmysejf; butl donotsee it. Although
th" Senator may be very confident as to the law,
it is certain that the judges t bought if was doubt-
ful \n its construction; and it seems to me doubt-
ful, from the character of its language. 1 do not
think the Supreme Court can be called a "judi-
cial department," in the proper sense of the term,
as used in the joint resolution; and, therefore, the
law being somewhat m doubt, whether one con-
st! notion or the other be proper ts not the ques-
tion; but even supposing it had been otherwise,
if there are no reasons for including it within that,
there are reasons why it should be exempt. 1
have heaid nothing to satisfy me. If the sen^e
of the Senate is against it, | do not wish to ern-
bairass the amendment, and it may go, 1 have
performed the duty 1 undertook to perform under :
the instructions of the Judiciary Committee. J I
should like to have the exact sense of the Senate,
and 1 ask for the yeas anct nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 6, nays 30; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Bright, Crittenden, Douglas,
Pearce, and Powell—6.
NAYcJ—Me si&. Anthony, Baker, Bingham, Bragg, Cam-
eron, Chandler, Clark, Col lamer, Dixon. Doohttle, Burkee,
Fessenden, Fitch, Foot, Green, Grimes, Hale, Hemphill,
Huntei, Johnson ot Arkansas, Johnson of Tennessee,
Lane, Morrill, Nicholson, Simmons, Sumner, Ten Eyck,
Trumbull, Wilkinson, and Wilson—30.
So the amendment to the amendment was re-
jected.
The amendment of Mr. Fitch was agreed to.
Mr. LANE. I have an amendment from the
Committee on Public Lands to come in at the end
ofline two hundred and seventy-eight, on page 12,
after the appropriation for land surveys in Wash-
ington Territory;
Provided, That the proviso in the clause of the act ap-
proved 23d June, iSb'O, appsopiiating §8.000 to carry into
etfcct the act approved the JGth day of Way,1860, creating
an additional land distnct m Washington Territory be, and
the same is heieby, repealed. *
It appropriates no money; but perhaps a little
explanation may be necessary.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to hear the
explanation of what the operation of it will be.
Mr. LANE. I will read the proviso that it is
proposed to repeal:
" That said sum shall be patd out of the proceeds of the
sale ol lands in said district, and not otherwise."
Now I want to mention to the Senate, that the
lands in "Washington Territory and m the State
of Oregon have not yet been broughtinto market.
Two land offices have been established in the
Territory of Washington and two in Oregon, but
the lands are not sold, because they have not been
brought into maiket; but preemption claims are
being made daily, and as soon as the lands are
brought into market, money will be received at
these land offices. In the mean time the officers
have been discharging their duty. These land
offices were established last year, land officers
were appointed, and they have been on duty ever
since; but they cannot be paid because the lands
are not in maiket. Tins amendment proposes to
repeal the proviso that provided tha't they should
he paid out of the proceeds of the sales of the
lands. The proceeds of the lands cannot be had
until the hinds are brought into market. 1 will
state, further, that at no land offices in the United
States have the officers been so constantly busy as
in the. Territory of Washington and the State of
Oregon. The surveys have gone on, and hun-
dreds and thousands of preemption claims have
boon filed, and the parties secuie their right to
purchase the lands by making their entry of the
preemptions in the land office. These men have
discharged theirduties; but the money has not been
received; itwiil be,assoonas the landsarebrought
into market; and 1 only desire to repeal the proviso
providing that they shall be paid from the pro-
ceeds of the sales of the lands in that Territory.
The amendment makes no appropriation; it asks
not for a dollar; but it leaves it in the power of
the Secx'otary of the Interior to pay the officers
on duty in that land office, for it only applies to
one established last year in Washington Terri-
tory.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I suppose the effect of it
will be this—I inquire of the honorable Senator
whether I am right: the act establishes the land
office, but makes no appropriation for the pay-
ment of the offieois; and then, when wc come to
the appropriation bill, there is an appropriation
of <8,000 to meet the expenses of that land office,
with a proviso that it shall be paid out of the pro-
ceeds ofthe lands sold; now if we repeal the pro-
viso, we fall back upon the appropriation made last
year, which may then be used, so that, although
this makes no appropriation, as the Senator says,
yet it takes £8,000 out of the Treasury, which
otherwise would come from the sales of the lands,
which i take to be the same in effect.
Air. LANE. The same in effect; but the lands
cannot be sold until they are brought into market.
Mr. FESSENDEN. it is substantially aqucs-
tion whether, under that state of facts, the Senate
w.!I approprmte out of the general funds of the
Treasury s^,000 for the nurpon-: of putting tins
land office into operation, because by taking off ,
the proviso, it necessarily throws it on the Treas- !
urv. |
Mr. LANE. It has beer, put in operation; and
1 understand the lands will be brought into mar-
ket the ensuing summer. But it is not very likely
that the officers in that office—the register and
receiver—will be there next summer: they will
go out of office without having received a cent ,of
pay. Now, if you repeal this proviso, they will
receive their salaries, and it will provide also that
those who come in after them shall receive their
salaries; and every man knows that as soon as
the lands are brought into maiket, the money will
be received there from every person who has pre-
emptions, and from hundreds who have not pre-
emptions; so thatit is no loss to the Government.
The lands now are ordered to be broughtinto
market m the spring or summer. They"will be
in market very likely m June; but that is longer,
I think, than these gentleman will be in office.
They have had to perform duty, and they ought
to be paid.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BRAGG. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Public Lands to offer the following
amendment, which 1 think will come in as appro-
priately at the end of the bill as anywhere else,
it is to insert as additional sections:
And be it futther enactcd, That to reimburse all registers
and receivers ot district land offices of the United States
who have employed clerks since the passage of the act of
Augu&t 1£, lbo6, the seventh section of which looks to the
payment of clerks in the various district land offices, and
" e\uaordinary expenses incident to said offices," incurred
under certain circumstances, the Secretary of the Intenor
be, and he is hereby, authorized to audit and adjust the ac-
count* of such distnct land officers, and allow, on the pro-
duction ot satisfactory vouchee, such sum or sums as may
have been so paid, it," in his judgment, the same shall have
been deemed indispensable lor the perfoimanco ofthe pub-
he business: Provided, That such allowance shall not ex-
ceed the sum of tour dollais per day tor such tune as said
cleiks were actually and necessarily employed, and upon
the pioduction of satisfactory vouchers : And pioi'ided jur-
thi'i, That should it be decided by the depamnent? or by
the courfsot the United States that.under any existing law
oi regulation, the lCi^teiMind icceivers of any ol said land
offices are entitled to commissions for locating land war-
rants of any kind whate\ er, so as to make the compensa-
tion ot said otlicer-. exceed the sum of $3,000 per annum,
then tii" >-aid e\ee-.«., when paid, ihall be deemed and Ix-id
to lie. to the extent of said payment, in part or in whole,
as the ca^c may be, ot the compensation and leimlmrse-
ment of Mjeli otfirei - herein provided. And proiuua j ur-
ther, That ihe salaiies of such officers, whether hy cotn-
nii-.-ion or othet wise, shall in no case hereatter exceed the
said sum ot ft3,000.
And be U Jin ther enacted, That to meet the demands
above provided tor, the sum of #6-1,000, or so much thereof
as, maybe necessity, is hereby appropnated out of any
money in the Tieasui} not otheiwise appiopriated.
And hp it Jurthei enacted, That tor the said seivices for
the leinaindei of the cinrent and loi the next tiscal year,
ending 30th ol June, 1$W, to be expended in the manner
above presciibed, the Mini of $100,000, or so much thereof
a* may be necessary, be, and the same is hereby, appio-
pnatcd out ot any money in the Treasuiy not otheiwise
appropriated.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I raise a question of
oidei upon that amendment. The first portion of
it evidently relates to a private claim. The only
difference between this and a number of others
that have been ruled out, is that this amendment
comprehends a great many private claims instead
of a single one. It is to pay for services rendered
without any law requiring that they should be
rendered.
Mr. BRAGG. My friend from Maine is mis-
taken about that matter. There is a law on that
subject. I will read the law which is referred
to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There is no law author-
izing the payment.
Mr. BRAGG. The law which is referred to
in the proposed amendment is the seventh section
of the act of August 18,1856, making appropria-
tions for certain civil expenses of the Government
for the year ending June 30, 1857, and is as fol-
lows:
"Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That in the settle-
ment oi the account* ot registers and reeeiveis ot tiie pub-
lic land office^, the Secietaty ot the fnteuor be, ami lie w
hereby, authorized to allow, subject to the appro\al of
Congress, •such lea^onaiile compensation lor additional
cleneal eciviees and extruouhmuy expenses incident to
said offices as he shall tlunk just and pioper, and to lepott
to Confess all suchca^-es ot'allowance at each succeeding
sesMon, with the estimates ofthe sum or sums required to
pay the same."
Now, sir, the difficulty has been found to be
this: we have a great many cases before us asking
for payment for these rents, and far clerk Sure.
In fact, the Department has passed upon few or
none of them. Some of them have been sent to
us with recommendations that they ought to pass,
