1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
TO
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to have the
yeas and nays on the amendment to the amend-
ment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SIMMONS. In all the charters passed in
my State, of every kind, since 1822, we have a
clause that the act shall be subject to all future
action of the Legislature, whether in repeal or
amendment. We never have had any trouble.
I think it ought to be so now.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is what it is now.
Mr. SIMMONS. If you do not amend the
amendment to the amendment, but if this amend-
ment should prevail, it would only make a quar-
rel as to how far you can restrain them.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 21, nays 20; as follows.
YEAS—Messrs. Benjamin, Bragg, Clingman, Davis, Fitz-
patrick, Green, Gwin, Hunter, Iverson, Johneon of Arkan-
sas Kennedy, l-atham, Mason, Nicholson, PoUc, Powell,
Rice,Saul(-lmry, SItdeli, Wigfall, and Yulee—21.
NAYfS—Messrs. Anthony, Bingham, Cameron, Chan-
dler, Clark, Collainer, Dooh'ttlo, Durkee, Fossenden, Foot,
Foster, Crimes, Harlan, King. Simmons, Sumner, Tium-
bull, VVade, Wilkinr-on, and Wilson—20.
So the amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now is on the amendment as amended.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I suppose there is no ob-
jection to it as amended.
The amendment, as amended, was adopted.
Mr. CAMERON. I desire to offer an amend-
ment. Insert as a new section the following:
Sec. —. Jlnd be it further enactcd, That all the provis-
ions of this act shall be inopeiative unless the said Balti-
more and Ohio liaihoad (loni[iany shall pio rarr: lor pas-
senger lares and check baggage over their main line or
braiicnes to and fiom Washington city, with and over all
railroads terminating at Alexandria, Washington city, oi
Baltnnoie, and withthe connections of the same, on terms
as favorable as the said Baltimore and Ohio Railroad Com-
pany may make with any other teimmating or connecting
lines.
Mr. KENNEDY. I hope that amendment will
not bo adopted. I do not really see what the great
Senate of the United States has got to do with
checking baggage on roads in other States. We
are notquite prepared to play the part of baggage-
masters, I think. 1 hope the amendment will be
rejected.
'Mr. CAMERON. I am very much delighted
with this evidence of dignity—very much indeed.
The Senator would'like to know what we have
got to do with checking baggage in the States. I
think we have everything to do with the public's
comfort and convemcnce. Here is a railroad that
makes the connection with Philadelphia, going
North, by one route, but will not do so with
others. Wily shall a man living away up in
Pennsylvania and going to Charleston, South
Carolina, be compelled to pay a tax of fifty cents
on going through the city of Baltimore because
oftiiis railroad ? No man going North from Balti-
niote, or coming from the North to Baltimore,
going to the South, can do so withoutpaying fifty
cent? for getting his baggage carried across from
om- depot to another. He is even prevented from
making the connection at Pittsburg and other
places "North just because his baggage is not
checked, unless he travels by the Baltimore and
Ohio road. For instance: a man leaving Pitts-
burg, coming down to Baltimore and Washing-
ton by the Baltimore and Ohio road, and going
further south, can get his baggage checked at
Pittsburg and delivered at the end of his journey
at Charleston; but if he thinks proper to come
from Pennsylvania by another route, by Pitts-
burg mid down the straight road, then they will
not do so.
Now, 1 can see no harm that this amendment
can do to anybody; but it will do a great deal of
good to the public. I cannot imagine why this is
to he made a party question on the other side;
because all the votes upon this bill to-day, on
that side, have been brought up as closely as if
it had been the most strict party question in the
country. Are the North and the South here to
be divided about checking travelers' baggage or
about compelling lailroad companies to do their
duty to the public? I cannot imagine that this
in to be so. It is a fair proposition, and I
it for granted that every nr.iu who has the public
convenience at heart, and who desires to tiavel
conveniently himself, will vote for it.
Mr. KENNEDY. I disclaim any design on
my part to make it a party question in any view
whatever. We have asked simply for the right
of way to go through the public property, to
facilitate the transportation of the mails. If we
carry out the amendment of the Senator, we may
just as well be compelled to check baggage with
every other road in the United States. I do not
conceive that it is the business of the Senate at
all. It is a thing for the railroads themselves to
settle hereafter.
Mr. CAMERON. Why, Mr. President, they
do check baggage with every road in the United
States going on their favorite route. A man at
Boston can get his check there and receive liis
baggage in Washington by this road; but a man
coming from the northeast, from Syracuse or
Oswego or from Niagara Falls, cannot do so,
because it docs not suit the interests of this com-
pany, which has a close connection with the Phil-
adelphia and Wilmington road.
Mr. WADE. Or the northwest.
Mr. CAMERON. No place in that direction.
It is just what every other railroad in the United
States docs for a passenger starting from any point
in the United States. ^There is no other road or
no other piece of road of this extent in the whole
country on which you canntJt pass from one point
of the country to another, with your baggage
checked through, except this one.
Mr. DOOL1TTLE If I understand the object
of this amendment it is simply this: when this
railroad company comes here to ask for a great
convenience for themselves and the traveling pub-
lic to go through this city and connect with the
railroads south, I think it is but just that we put
some limitation upon this privilege. Now, this
Baltimore and Ohio railroad will check baggage
from here to Chicago, if you will go over the
whole line of their road, and go to Indianapolis,
and in that way to Chicago; but if you desire to
go there by a more direct route, by Pittsburg and
Cleveland, your baggage cannot be checked
through at all. Now, sir, it is not for the simple
question of checking baggage that we want to
put a little restriction upon this great mammoth
corporation that is taxing every passenger that
goes over it a much higher rate than is charged
upon railroads generally.
Sir, the vote which we have just taken by yeas
and nays gives to me one of the most instructive
lessons in the whole political history of the coun-
try. For twenty years, when 1 stood in the ranks
of the Democratic party, and helped to fight its
battles and win its victories, one of its rallying
cries was not to give, by legislative power, au-
thority to corporations beyond the power of the
Legislature to repeal it. What do we see here?
The whole party calling itself the Democratic
party of the country, voting in a solid mass to
put beyond the control of Congress any power
over this corporation.
Now, sir, I am willing to grant a reasonable
privilege to this corporation, and to accommodate
the public; but when they ask favors, let them
yield favois. It is no more than right to ask
that this company, if it checks baggage from
Washington over one route, shall be required to
check baggage and also to make connections with
the other roads that connect with it at Baltimore
or at Alexandria; that this road which asks priv-
ileges here for the benefit of the public, shall act
fairly and justly with the traveling public and
with the railroads that run into it.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I am willing to insert any
provision in the bill that is proper to secure equal
facilities to all the railroads that may be con-
nected with the one that will use this tunnel; but
it seems to me that when they merely ask the
privilege of making a tunnel under the hill to
make this connection, it is hardly right for us to
try to regulate travel and transportation on all
the other roads. It strikes me so.
I cannot understand the attempt to make this a
party question. We are told about the Democ-
racy all being in favor of one doctrine. Well, if
this side has all changed on this subject, it seems
tome the other side has changed too; and there-
fore, on the question of consistency, we are even.
I do not think it is necessary to put in any reser-
vation at all. I think the power exists to make
any modification of a corporation of this kind,
when; ver the public interests require it, without
a reservation of power. It is a curious thing to
find aparty question made upon an " underground
railroad," this side all for it, and that side all
against it. I know it is the first time I ever was
in favor of it, and the first time ! ever knew them
to be against it. [Laughter.]
Mr. KENNEDY 1 desire to say* a single
word to correct the misapprehension of genue-
men on the other side, especially the Senator from
Wisconsin. You can check baggage now by this
route all the way from New Orleans to New
York, and from New York to New Orleans.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I admit that. That is just
the thing of which I complain. This road will
chock baggage upon some particularfavorite routes
of their own, with which they are connected; but
they will not check baggage for other routes that
run into their road. From here to Chicago, over
the Pittsburg and Fort Wayne road 
Mr. KENNEDY. You are under a great mis-
apprehension. It does not connect with that'road.
It is separated by the city of Baltimore, that is on
one side of the town and this road on the other.
These lines on which it does clieck all the way
through all connect. It is a continuous rail all the
way through.
Mr. CAMERON. If the Senator from Wis-
consin will allow me, I desire to correct the .Sen*-
ator from Maryland. The Senator from Mary-
land lives in the city of Baltimore, and it is most
surprising that he should be so ignorant of the
conncction with his own city. He says this road
is on one side of the town and the Baltimore and
Ohio road on the other. They connect just as
much as the Philadelphia and Wilmington road
connects. They conncct with the Philadelphia
and Wilmington road by a road running through
thecity, and they have another connection through
Howard street m Baltimore; and the Senatorcer-
tainly ought to know it.
Mr. IVERSON. Mr. President, I am disposed
to favor this amendment as a matter of public con-
venience. I know the difficulties and annoyances _
that occur to travelers; because I have experi-
enced them in my own case, when we are com-
pelled to give up our baggage at certain points
and recheck it frequently upon the road. It is a
very great convenience to travelers to have their
baggage checked through from one point to the
other, and not be compelled to break for the con-
venience or the interest of the railroad companies.
In this case this corporation come to Congress
and ask for what, of course, must be considered
a very important privilege. If it was not so, they
would not ask for it. Undoubtedly we have the
right to impose terms upon them; and if we give
them an important monopoly of this kind, a priv-
ilege which is important to them, it is just and
proper that we should impose such restrictions
upon them, and such terms as will conform and
conduce to the public convenience. I think it is
just and proper that this road should be compelled
to check the baggage of passengers through on all
the roads that connect with it, and not put them
to the inconvenience of rechecking at Baltimore,
or any other point.
The Senatorfrom Maryland says that this Penn-
sylvania road does not connect at Baltimore. That
is a matter of no consequence.. One runs into
Baltimore, and the other runs out of Baltimore,
and they can connect. Tiiey can carry the bag-
gage by transportation by omnibuses or by bag-
gage-cars, which is frequently done on other roads.
Between here and my residence in my own State,
there are numbers of breaks in the railroad. There
is one at the city of Richmond; there is another
at the city of Petersburg. It is more than a mile,
perhaps a mile and a half, between the two de-
pots; and yet our baggage is checked through, and
we never have any difficulty. They can check
through at Baltimore, and carry the baggage
across to the Pennsylvania road without any in-
convenience, and with very little expense to them.
If the railroad company is not compelled to do it,
then the passengers must do it, and attend to it in
person. It is a very great inconvenience, espe-
cially to females, who sometimes travel without
any protection. I think this provision ought to
be put in the bill; and as we are giving them an
important privilege, they should be at least com-
pelled to extend this convenience to the traveling
public. ,
Mr. GREEN. I shall vote against this amend-
ment. It is true, we have a right to impose terms
and conditions within this District; but°to impose
terms and conditions on a business a thousand
