1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1189
has been no resolution on the subject during this
session. I am only anxious to preserve the rule.
Mr. GRIMES. This is a very important ques-
tion, and wili be cited hereafteras a precedent; and
theiefore I desire the yeas and nays, that we may
know who votes for it, and who vote against it.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
before the Senate now is, " Shall the amendment
offered by the Senator from Tennessee, from the
Committee on Contingent Expenses of the Sen-
ate, be received as in order under the rule?"
Mr. PEARCE. If the Senator from New
Hampshire was right in supposing that this con-
structive mileage was received under a law, at all
events he is wrong in supposing this present ap-
propriation is to carry out an existing law. There
is no law of that sort existing now, whatever may
have been the case. The fact is. we all recollect
the occasion of Mr. Dallas's decision; and if the
law was so then, it is not so now. That is very
certain; so that that will exclude it according to
the rule in one aspect.
The Senator from Maine has stated another
objection to the amendment being leceived now;
that is, no resolution has been passed at this ses-
sion which this appropriation is to carry out. It
passed at a former session, as I understand it.
The truth is, we ought never to have passed it at
all. It was passed under an entire misapprehen-
sion on the part of many members of the Senate—
not on my part, for I knew, and stated to many
gentlemen around me, that there was no founda-
tion for it at ail. The Senator who introduced it
was misinformed that other Senators had received
mileage on those occasions for which it was pro-
fosed to give mileage to the widow of Dr. Linn,
t was a pure gratuity, contrary to the practice
of the Senate, and never authorized by any law,
further than the construction which Air. Dallas
had given to the compensation act passed many
.years before. No Senator had ever received it;
and there was 110 propriety in passing it origin-
ally. 1 think the best thing we can do is to refuse
the appropriation, and by and by rescind the
resolution.
Mr. POLK. This will be in order if it is in
pursuance '■ of some act or resolution previously
passed by the Senate during that session," or
offered " by direction of a standing or select com-
mittee, of the Senate." This is moved by direc-
tion of a standing committee of the Senate.
Mr. PEARCE. The Senator has made a mis-
take in the rule. He has confounded two distinct
paragraphs of the rule, which I have no doubt the
Senator occupying the chair perfectly well under-
stands. The first part relates to amendments made
to a general appropriation bill, not to a private
claim.
Mr. POLK. If the Senator from Maryland
will allow me, T believe I have the floor. I said
what Ididto correct what Ithoughtwasa wrong-
ful application by the Senator from Maine of the
first clause of the rule to his case. I know there
is a latter clause, which propeily applies to the
claim; but the Senator brings to the claim, as a
mode of excluding it, a provision which is con-
tained in the first clause of the rule, and which is
not applicable to it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not know what the
Senator alludes to. I objected to it on the ground
that it was not to carry out any existing law, and
that it was a private claim.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Mr. President, I do not
believe I had anything to say or do with the ori-
ginal resolution that the Senate passed to give
tins money to Mrs. Linn, in consequence of the
claim upon which the Senate chose to rest it; but
you passed the resolution; and in the confidence
that the resolution of the Senate was unquestion-
able, and that the money would be paid, the lady
to whom it was granted has lncui red expenses,
as stated to the Senate, and involved herself m
debts upon the faith of that resolution. Now, sir,
does it become us to make nice inquiries whether
that resolution was right or wi'ong, under these
circumstances? Have not the parties, in fact, who
are to receive this money, a just and bona fide right
to claim it of us? Say it is a loss to us: can we
turn the loss which we have incurred under a
mistake away from ourselves, and throw it upon
one who trusted that we knew what we were doing,
and that we would do what we said ? That is the
question before the Senate. We gave ourselves,
by the decision of our President, constructive
mileage exactly under those circumstances. 1
never got a cent of it. I thought it was wrong;
and my convictions were so strong on that sub-
ject that I did not consider myself authorized con-
scientiously to take it, and 1 did not; but never-
theless the Senate decided it, and that decision
stands. We have done nothing more in the case
of Dr. Linn than decide that question, as we de-
cided it in one instance for ourselves, and got the
money. I do not say that Senators received mile-
age the sessions for which this is claimed for Dr.
Linn; but he would, under that decision, have
been entitled to constructive mileage. The Sen-
ate chose to assume that as the basis of a claim,
as the basis of a right on her part, and of our own
motion we passed a resolution that she should
receive it. That is the substance of it; and now
this amendment is offered to carry into effect our
own resolution, and redeem our faith, and our
honor. That is the way I look at it. I intend to
vote for it.
The gentleman says there is no law. There is
an order, a resolution of the Senate, which is em-
braced by your rule just as much as a law, and
it ceases now to be a private claim, and the ques-
tion is with ourselves, whether we shall exclude
our own resolution in every way in which it is
called up; and after having been passed, after hav-
ing been granted, after having been acted upon by
the Department, and debts incurred upon the faith
of it. we now turn about and scruple nicely upon
the subject. When the Secretary refused to pay
it, and you are come back to that payment, then
you doubt it; then yon say the Secietary may
have been right in his decision. If it were per-
tinent, I could show ease after case m which this
Senate have ordered this same payment, and in
which the same Secretary has complied with the
ordci—instance after instance, without any ques-
tion or any scruple; yet these scruples have come
up, and not only come up here, at every stage of
this proceeding, but it seems to me almost a prin-
cipal object that this claim shall not be paid.
I do not believe that is the sentiment of the
Senate, and 1 hope we shall be turned aside by
no scruple now, from seeing that our order is ex-
ecuted, and that the money shall be appropriated.
I say it required no appropriation; that it ought
to have been paid out of the contingent fund, by
the Secretary; because, by the act, the appropri-
ation had already been made, and it was money
no longer m the Treasury, to be drawn by con-
stitutional rule of appropriation, but money in
the hands of our Secretary, out of the Treasuiy,
to be expended according to our order. You have
made that order; and the question is not on a pri-
vate claim; but it is whether the order of the Sen- j
ate shall be executed in behalf of a venerable old ;
lady, who is ultimately interested m this matter;
upon whom, in place of a bounty, you have im-
posed a delusion which involves her in a debt
from which she has no hopes of ever extricating
herself. That is the condition of the question be-
fore the Senate.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr. President, theie was
no sort of propriety m passing this Senate reso-
lution in the first place. The Senate showed af-
terwards, most conclusively, that if they had un-
derstood the facts of the case, they would not
have passed it; for we refused to make an appro-
priation to pay it. That is the simple statement
about it. Dr. Linn received all the mileage that
anybody ever received while he was a member
of Congress; and if this is paid to this lady it is
paying"her his constructive mileage for two ses-
sions of Congress, when no other Senator ever
leceived it m the world. It was improper; and
it was under a misunderstanding, an entire mis-
apprehension with regard to the subject, that the
resolution of the Senate ordeiing it to be paid
was passed. But, sir, it is true that, in conse-
quence of the passage of this resolution, Mrs
Linn did negotiate, as I understand, her order
upon the Secretary of the Senate, and has been
put to a good deal of trouble and expense and
mortification in relation to the matter, in conse-
quence of our carelessness, or our ignorance, if
you please, of the facts for which we are respons- i
ible. Under these circumstances, if gentlemen i
will bring a private bill into the Senate, to pay
Mrs. Linn, I have no doubt it will pass without
much objection from any quarter; because it is a
peculiar case, and such a bill should be founded,
if at all, not upon any right she, lias, but upoji
what she has been exposed to arising; from our
carelessness, and I have no doubt it will be paid
But, because her equity is so strong; because she
stands in that position, it is no reason why we
should violate the plain, distinct, palpable, rules
of the Senate, and put it on this appropriation
bill; otherwise you may put every hard case in
it. The rule of the Senate is distinctly that a pri-
vate claim—and this is no more—slwl not be put
on an appropriation bill, unless it is founded on
an existing law, or a resolution of the Senate,
passed at the same session; but this does not
come within the rule in any shape or form. If
the Senate undertake to put it on here, they vio-
late ono of their rules, and they have no more
right to violate it in one case than in another; no
more right to violate it for a lady than for a man.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. The gentleman has a
good deal of right to be quite confident about the
rules of the Senate. He has been here along
timc,andisanattentive member of the Senate", and
an able one. I have no right to be confident in
my opinion, because I have been as careless as
he has been attentive about such matters. I know
but little of them. He pronounces, though I
think rather more peremptorily than he is entitled
to do, that this is a plain violation of the rule. I
have been contending that it is not so. My opin-
ion, to be sure, in itself, need not create any great
doubt about the matter; but I have expressed a
different opinion from the Senator, and endeav-
ored to maintain it, simply by saying it is no 
longer a claim or demand on the p'artofMrs. Linn;
but it is a question whether a resolution of the
Senate shall be executed. That is the question.
Is that a private claim? It is a claim that is
founded on our own resolution; and the question
is, whether we shall accomplish our own purpose,
our resolved and declared and recorded purpose.
The gentleman says we were under a delusion.
Well, sir, if we were under a delusion, shall we
charge the consequences of that upon this lady ?
I understand that others have advanced money
to her ifjjon the faith of the Senate's resolution, to
the whole amount of the claim. That is my un-
derstanding, I think from herself.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have no doubt of it.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Now, the gentleman
says bring in abill. Sir,is not that giving a stone?
Bring in a bill now! We have been worrying
along, hoping the Senate would #nd means to ex-
ecute its own resolution; and now the gentleman
tells us, when we find that is unavailing, and we
come to the last week of the session, bring in a
bill. Thisismockery. Ifyourresolutionwasade-
lusion to this old lady, this ismockery. Talk about
bringing in a bill I No, sir. If the Senate mean
in sincerity what they have said, and to stand
by it, right or wrong, when the consequences have
reached and affected others, as they do, this pro-
vision should be made now and here; and we
should not stand back in terror at any capricious
construction that may be put on this amendment.
It may be considered, in one point of view, a pri-
vate claim. It may be considered, in another, a
proposition on the part of the Senate to carry its
own resolution into effect. In the latter sense, it
is proper as an amendment. Which construction
will you give, that which will enable you to evade
for the second, third, or fourth time the obliga-
tion which you incurred by this resolution, or that
which will enable you to fulfill it? I am for tak-
ing it in the latter sense; and in the latter sense it
is perfectly in order.
I hope, theiefore, this amendment will be adopt-
ed. It is not the ca«e, as the gentleman supposes,
that ever since we have passed the resolution ,w hich
was done under a delusion, as he says, we have
repented of it. At this identical session, I was
one of those who went to make application to the
Secretary for the payment of the money, in com-
pliance with the resolution of the Senate. He
had doubts about it. He declined to pay it. I
have no reproaches to cast on him on that sub-
ject, although if I had been in his place, I would
have paid the money in the pcrfect confidence that
if there was any doubt about it, the Senate would
protect me in obeying its resolution. But, sir, 1
have no reproaches to make here. Let us now ful-
fill our purpose, and not evade it. The gentleman
is wrong in supposing that everybody has re-
pented of that ever since. As I have said, I went
as one member to the Secretary, and asked for
