1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1141
Mr. BAKER. What is the name r
Mr. LATHAM. Cassin. The father was
formerly a member of our Legislature.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DIXON. By direction of the Committee
on the PostOffice and Post Roads, I offeran amend-
ment to the bill, as an additional section:
~1n<l be it further enacted, That the sum of $-100,000, or
so much thereot as may be necessary for the puipose, be,
and is hereby, appropriated out of any money in the Tieas-
ury not otheiwise appropriated, for the payment for marble
finished or in preparation for the new custom-house at
Charleston, South Carolina, under existing contract with
the Government; and the Secretary of the Treasury is
hereby directed to pay such sum for such marble, or ou
account thereof, as shall be proportionate to its full value
delivered under said contract.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I should like to know if
that is an old debt that the United States owed,
or if it is for something in future ? I am not will-
ing that money shall be appropriated to build any
custom-house in South Carolina. I should like
to know whether it is a past obligation.
Mr. DIXON. It is for materials already pre-
pared and furnished, and labor already performed.
Mr. POLK. Who is to be paid?
Mr. GRIMES. The proposition, as I under-
stand it, is not only to pay for material already
furnished, but material in process of being fur-
nished or being prepared for delivery.
Mr. SIMMONS. I will explain to the Senate
what the position of this work is. There is a con-
tract for furnishing the marble and highly carved
work for the Charleston custom-house. Last year
we refused to make an appropriation; and an
order was given to withdraw one side of the build-
ing, so as to have a complete front. These con-
tractors were at work, and in June last, 1 think
it was, Congress refused to make an appropria-
tion, and they stopped. For the work that was
dune, and for the blocks that they got out, as if
the work was to be fulfilled, they ask that they
may be allowed a fair valuation, and close it up;
because it is doubtful what may be the condition
of this custom-house and post office. The Gov-
ernment has absolutely stopped the work. Some
very highly wrought columns are now in the
hands of the contractors and ready for shipment.
They are willing to ship them to Charleston, but
the Government has not taken them. They have
expended their money, and they want the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to have a survey, and pay
them what is right and equitable, and relieve them
from the contract.
Mr. CLINGMAN. If this be a debt which the
United States actually owe, and which could be
enforced against an individual in a court of jus-
tice, I am willing to pay it; but if it has not reached
that stage, it ought not to be paid; and it seems
to me, if legislation be necessary, it ought to be
rather to authorize the Secretary of the Treasury,
or some officer, to take this marble for any other
purpose that it can be used for, if we ought to
take it, or to leave it in the hands of the persons
who have gotten it out, and pay them any loss
they may have actually incurred on it.
Mr. SIMMONS. That is what this appropria-
tion is wanted for. The money is wanted for
work actually done, and let the Government take
the marble and do what it pleases with it. If it
orders it to Charleston, the contractors are ready
to carry it there.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I hope the amendment
will be read again.
Mr. ANTHONY. The amendment contem-
plates precisely what the Senator from North
Carolina desires.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Let us hear it.
Mr. POLK. I raise a point of order; it is a
private claim evidently. If it is in pursuance of
any existing law, I should like to know what the
law is. I apprehend that if the claim be that it
is founded in any law, it will be found to be a law
appropriating a certain amount of money to build
a custom-house at Charleston, which has not been
sufficient, and now it is sought to appropriate
more to carry it on.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will endeavor to ex-
plain, if the Senate is desirous of knowing, what
the exact condition of this matter is. Last year
these contracts for the building of the Treasury
extension and the Charleston custom-house and
the New Orleans custom-house, which had been
going on for several years under a law providing
for their erection, and under contracts to furnish
the necessary stone and marble, came up before
the Committee on Finance. We considered the
whole matter, and looked at the contracts. We
had no doubt whatever that contracts had been
made. They were before us in some cases. We
moved amendments then to the appropriation bill
appropriating a certain amount for the work th4t
had been done on the Treasury extension, and a
certain amount to pay for what had already been
furnished to the New Orleans custom-house and
the Charleston custom-house, and an additional
amount to continue the erection of the custom-
house at New Orleans. The House of Repre-
sentatives disagreed, and that was finally struck
out of the bill. AH we agreed to do last year,
which we did do, if my recollection serves me
right with regard to the Charleston custom-house,
was to pay for the marble which had been ac-
tually delivered on the spot; but we refused to
make any additional appropriation then for the
work. The contract for the Treasury extension
is a continuing contract. It has no limitation,
there is an absolute contract with the contractors
to furnish the stone necessary as they may get it
ready for the completion of the building. There
is no power retained to stop it at any time until
it is completed. There is no power retained to
check the delivery or the finishing of it, in any
way that we could discover; and it was deemed
advisable therefore to continue that, and for other
reasons.
With regard to the Charleston custom-house,
there is a provision substantially that the marble
shall only be delivered according as an appro-
priation is made to pay for it. Of course, there-
fore, no finishing and delivery of marble could
be made, unless in pursuance of an appropriation.
There was no appropriation last year for that
purpose; but they claim, under a construction of
the contract which is made by some of the officers
connected with the work of the Treasury Depart-
ment, which has grown into a custom, that when
the specifications and the plans arc given out for
stones, that is an order for the delivery. The
order may be given or may be stopped at the
Treasury Department, unless there is an appro-
priation; that is substantially the provision of the
contract, but the plan and the specifications being
given, the contractors claim that that is an order
from the Treasury Department within the terms
of the contract. There arises a difficulty which
we discussed in the committee somewhat: that as
these plans and specifications cannot bo made in
pieces to meet the amourit of an appropriation,
the specifications must be made by an architect
comparatively as a whole; and when they are de-
livered, if that construction prevails that that is
an order, there is no power whatever to give out
plans and specifications without, at the same time,
giving an order for the whole work. When we
came to look at it, for one, I concluded in my
own mind that that construction was not a rea-
sonable one; and inasmuch as it was absolutely
necessary that the specifications should be made
to a very much greater extent, to be intelligible,
than the appropriation would meet, it could not
be considered as an order, and no power existed
for them to make an order whenever they saw fit
to do so. Under this state of facts, this request
of an appropriation for ยง100,000 came. No order
had been given specifically to stop preparing ma-
terial for the Charleston custom-house, and as no
order had been given, and no intimation that it
was intended to do so, they went on preparing
the material, and they have at their works mate-
rial prepared which is fit for nothing else, the
stone carved, all brought to the position required
by the plans and specifications ready to be deliv-
ered; it is there at their works, and they have not
delivered it, because there was no occasion for it;
it had not been called for. The question is:
whether they shall be paid for that. Since then,
there has been an order to stop the work, to de-
liver no more, to make no more, to prepare no
more until an appropriation shall be made for the
purpose; but that ยง100,000 worth, more or less,
I do not know how much there is exactly 
Mr. SIMMONS. I think there is about sev-
enty or seventy-five thousand dollars' worth.
Mr.FESSENDEN. Tlusisdrawnfor$100,000.
In fact, there has been no survey in order to as-
certain what amount there is; and this is drawn
large enough to cover it. We do not know how
much there is there. No officer has been there to
estimate it; and, as it stands there,.we are making;
an appropriation large enough for paying what is
right; ana that is all that has been done'about it.
The Committee on Finance refused, under the
circumstances, to make the appropriation. It is
certainly a very hard case for these contractors.
They had made their contract; had received their
plan; had received their specifications; they went
on under it during the year that has elapsed, and
perhaps previous to that time, and have prepared
a certain amount, according to the specification,
ready for delivery at any moment, when they re-
ceived the order to stop the work. Now, they
ask simply that that amount of work which they
have got ready should be paid for by the United
States, and they are willing to stop there for the
present; at any rate until Congress sees fit to make
a further appropriation in relation to the matter.
It is for the Senate to decide whether, under the
circumstances, they will appropriate enough to
pay these contractors for what they have honestly
done under a law and under a contract. I have
no idea that this comes within the rule. It was
not so considered last year, and it has not been
so considered at any time. It is considered as an
appropriation to carry out an existing law, aji
existing contract.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I do not think the expla-
nation of the Senator from Maine justifies us in
making the appropriation precisely in these terms.
If I understand the amendment, it not only applies
to the work actually finished and ready for de-
livery, but all in course of preparation. J would
be perfectly willing to authorize the Secretary of
the Treasury to pay to these contractors what-
ever they are entitled to, he either taking the work
done, and disposing of it as he thinks proper, or
allowing them to retain the material, and paying
them the damage actually incurred; and, if the
Senator who moves it will offer an amendment to
meet that view of the case, I shall be satisfied. I
will say further, that, according to the terms of
the amendment, I am not sure but what we might
authorize them to go on and complete the work
that they are now upon to a certain extent. I
think it is possible that this is a private claim, as
gentlemen suggest; but whether it be or not, I will
not vote for it in the terms in which it is now
brought before us.
Mr. SIMMONS. Will the Senator from North
Carolina.indicate what limitations he wants put
on the amendment? He may limit it in any way
he wishes; but not a dollar can be paid until there
has been a survey and appraisement of this work.
If Senators want any further limitation, of course,
the Senator from Connecticut, who offered it, will
have no objection. They do not want a dollar
more than just enough to pay for work and ma-
terial actually got ready, which they were ordered
to do. They send this work only by whole ves-
sel loads at a time. When the Government orders
it, they charter a vessel and send it to Charleston.
All they ask is to be paid for what they actually
expended, and be allowed tb stop the work until
the Government makes another order, if they
should desire to do so.
Mr. POLK. The question now is on the ques-
tion of order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foster
in .the chair.) No question of order has been
made on the reception of the amendment.
Mr. POLK. The President is mistaken. I
made the question uf order distinctly.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair did
not hear it.
Mr. POLK. I made the point distinctly that
it was a private claim, and cut oft* by the 30th rule.
The Senator from Maine has shdwn that it is a
claim under an existing contract; but I submit,
that he has not shown it is a private claim under
an existing law.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The law authorizing the
contract to be made.
The PRESIDING OFFICER.. _ Does the Sen-
ator from Missouri make a question of order on
the reception of the amendment?
Mr. POLK. Yes, sir.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That question,
under the rule of the Senate, must be decided
without debate, and the Chair will submit the
question to the Senate. The question is, shall
the amendment be received under the rule of the
Senate ?
Mr. SIMMONS. I do not desire to debate this
