1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
181
that privilege. "We are not only compelled to
recheek our baggage there, but we are compelled
to purchase tickets there; and in many instances
passengers have missed their connections by this
very detention. Only the other day, when I came
over the road, there was a lady going into Vir-
ginia, traveling alone, who lost her baggage in
consequence of coming over the Pennsylvania
Central railroad, because she did not understand
that it* was necessary to recheek it at Baltimore.
She did not discover her mistake until she got
nearly here. It is a monopoly that is against the
interests of the traveling community; and though
we cannot interfere with that, I will not give my
vote to add to its privileges, unless the evil com-
plained of be corrected.
Mr. KENNEDY. I have but one word to
say, and it is this: if this amendment prevails, I
believe it will nullify all the privileges asked for,
and I not think this company can accept the bill
with such restrictions on it as these. If they do
not check this baggage upon such terms as other
companies may prescribe, the whole act is nulli-
fied. I beg that such a provision may not be
inserted.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 25, nays 21; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Bmiei, Kincham, Cameron,
Chandler, Clark,Coilatwr, Dixon, Doolitilo, Douglas, Dar-
ker, Fet-sendon. Fitch, Foot, Fo-ter, lluuiui.lver-on, King,
Hiee. Simmons, Sumnci,Trumbull, Wade, Wilkinson, and
Wil-o'i—-2f4.
NAyx—Benjamin, D.tvi«, Fiupati:ck,
Grtvii, (Jwln, HniUt'i, Johnson o! Aikan-'a*, Rennfuiy,
Lane, Latham, Mason, N.chobon, Polk, Powell, yaul<-
bnr>, Sebastian, Slideli, Toombs*. Wigfall, and Yuke—21.
So the amendment was agreed to,
Mr. BRAGG. I have an amendment to offer
cs an additional section to the bill:
3};c. — Jlnd be. it,forth er enacted, That i n oi d''r to accorn-
inod.itu the local tiavel butwoon the cities of Washington
Tinft Alexandria, authority is hereby given to the Alcxandi i«i
and Wa-hmston Raihoad Company t«> lay a i ait road track
irom :;ome suitable point near the Lung Budge, eoimecting
with the Baltimore and Ohio It.ulroad Company as hcit'in
nuthotiz"d, to he extended to and along Maivkmd avenue
wild Seventh sticet w>tto the YWhinaton city canal; oi
mound by the shoie of the Petomae liver to the southern
fcaukofthe Washington city canal, and along the same to
tome point not luither east than Sixth street west, as shall
bo deemed best by said company, and to use and operate
the same &o as to form a continuous line of railway from
Alexamhia to the terminus of said road on the canal; the
*atd Alexandra and Washington Railroad Company pay-
ing to the Baltimoie and Ohio Railroad Company, for the
use of their bridge, such rates per ton for meiebandise and
such iate-3 per capita for passengers, as may be agteed upon
from time to time by the two companies, and winch, in the
event they cannot agree, shall be settled by arbitiator.-s to
be. appointed by each company with power to call in an
umpne it necessary; Prodded, honevcr, That the bridge
shall not be used lor the local travel, po as to ob>truet or
delay the regular connections of the through trainc* JintL
provided further, That if the bridge hereby authoi ized to he
conducted by the said Balumoie and Ohio Ka'hoad Com-
pany be not mj l.'r completed within two veaj.-* irom the
pas-mg of this act, as to p -nnit the passage of tianis over
it, the11 m *ueh event the privileges hoiein conferred on tiie
})iit tnoie and Ohio Kaiiioad Company ^hall inure totlio
ben.'1st o and become vested in, the Alexandria and Wash-
ington ihuhoad Company.
It will 1)0 seen that the object of the amendment
is purely to accommodate local travel. I believe
the Senator from Maryland has 110 objection to
it. I hope it will be agreed to.
Mr. KENNEDY. I will only say that I should
prefer that it were not put in the bill; but as it is
deemed a matter of importance to persons on the
other side of the river, and to peisons traveling
between here and Alexandria, with such restric-
tions as are in the amendment, though I would
prefer the bill without it, I shall not object further.
Mr. CAMERON. 1 think the amendment of
the Senator from North Carolina is right. It is
an act of justicc to the company owning the road
across the river, and it ought to pass.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended.
ThePRESIDlNGOFFlCER, (Mr. Foster in
the chair.) The question is, will the Senate con-
cur in the amendments made as in Committee of
the Whole. If noohjection be made, the question
will be taken on these amendments coliecuvcly.
The amendments were concurred in.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish to make another
effort'to protect the rights of the people here to
some extent; and I have modified my first prop-
osition, and i ow move this amendment, to come
in at the end of section one; to which I presume
there will be no objection:
And provided further, That the extension of the said
road hereby granted, and the property of said company con-
nected theiewith, shall be subject to taxation as real estate
in the city of Washington, to the same extent as the real
estate (ft' individuals.
Mr. KENNEDY. I would rather not, have
that in, for the same reasons which I stated when
the Senator offered his amendment before. I am
not disposed to debate it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. This is new property
which they propose to bring into the city. The
question is simply whether you mean to extend
their exemption from taxation, not only to what
is now exempted, but to what they may hereafter
bring;. Certainly nobody would contend for that
exclusive privilege.
Mr. GREEN. I desire to understand the amend-
ment. If it simply embraces the local property
of 
Mr. FESSENDEN. I did not intend it should
embrace anything else. The Senator can hear it
read again. It is very plain in its terms,! think.
Mr. GUEEN. If it embraces only that, it is
r,tTh*e PRESIDING OFFICER. Is the reading
of the amendment asked fer?
Mr. HUNTER. Yes, sir.
The Secretary again read the amendment.-
Mr. GREEN. Thatisalittletoobroud. "The
property connected therewith" is the language.
It may include passenger cars and freight cars.
There ought to be something to guard against
that. The phraseology ought to be " the local
propei ty."
Mr. FESSENDEN. I am willing the Senator
should alter it in that way. That is my idea
entirely.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I am not willing to vote for
the amendment even with this modification. It
seems to me that the object of the amendment is
to subject to taxation the right of way with the
cost of the tunnel, and the money expended in
making it under the ground. It is an improve-
ment that is to be mode at great expense under
the hill:, and really 1 do not think we ought to tax
the underground work of this company, taking
the whole cost of the work as the basis of taxation.
It can be of no harm to the city of Washington to
have the work done. It is underground. It does
not release the land above from taxation. There
can be no Joss of any kind to the city. This is a
burden on the company that I fear will defeat the
perfotmance of the work. I, for one, shall not
vote for it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is a new idea to me
that taxation is based upon the cost of the thing.
I did not know that before. It was not my in-
tention, certainly, if this work under the hill
should cost ten. or fiftyjora hunched thousand dol-
lars, and be no property in itself, that it should be
taxed; but where a certain amount of iron is laid
down to make the road-bed, thatmight very well
be subjected to estimation and taxation. Nobody
can pretend for a moment that any municipal cor-
poration would have a right, in the assessment of
taxes, to pr<dicate its assessments upon what a
thing happened to cost. That is never done to
my knowledge at all. The idea of the amend-
ment is simply this: that where thry have prop-
erty, consisting of a road, iron, and a depot con-
nected therewith, or other arrangements, turn-
tables, if you like, and an engine-house at the other
end of the city, if they have one, or anything of
that sort, it is properly taxable. That is all I mean
to convey by the amendment. If the Senator from
Missouri desires any modification in order to ex-
press that idea more definitely, I have no objec-
tion.
Mr. GREEN. Suppose you say " real prop-
erty."
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have said "real estate."
Mr. DOUGLAS. In making this tunnel, they
have to excavate a large amount of earth; they
have, then, to erect an arch of brick, I suppose,
to prevent the earth' from falling in. I suppose
that those bricks that support the arch will be
property, just as much as the iron over which
the cars tun. In order to find 'he ratio of taxa-
tion, under the Senators amendm--:^, I suppose
it will be necessary to find out what the no\v road
is worth. One of the means of ascertaining it,
and a very satisfactory one generally, is its cost—
what they paid for ihc right of way; what they
paid for excavating the tunnel; what they pmd
for the arch thut supports jf. I think it inputting
a very heavy rate of taxation on an object that
ought not to he subjected to taxation in that way.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is simply Impossible
that it should be so, unless the corporate author-
ities of Washington are all knaves. They would
never do anything of that sort.
Mr. GREEN. I desire the word " real" to be
inserted before <s property."
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have provided that it
shall be taxable as real estate.
Mr. GREEN But you make everything con-
nected with the road taxable as real estate.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Well, I have no objec-
tion to making the modification.
Mr. KENNEDY. I should like to understand
the amendment as it is now.
The Secretary read the amendment as modified,
as follows:
Jlnd provided further, That the extension of the paid road
hereby granted, and the real property of said company con-
nected therewith, shall be subject to taxation as real estate
in the city of Washington, to the same extent as the real
estate of individuals.
Mr. GREEN. The word " property" should
be stricken out, and " estate" inserted.
Mr. KENNEDY. Would it not be more spe-
cific to say "all buildings and lots?"
Mr. FESSENDEN. They are real estate, of
course.
Mr. KENNEDY. That would leave the road
out.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is the Senate
ready for the question on the amendment as mod-
ified ?
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have one more amend-
ment to propose. 1 will state to the Senator from
Maryland, and others, that I deem it very import-
ant, exceedingly so, that the corporate authorities
of the city should have, for the protection of life,
and the protection of property, some power to
make regulations with regard to the running of
these locomotives through their streets. I have
confined it to that. By the bill as it now stands
they may run their engines through the streets of
this city, within the limits assigned, by day or
by night. There is not a provision in the bill
with reference to the erection of gates where they
cross main streets going ihe whole length of the
city, or for lighting the crossings, or for the ring-
ing of bells, or for anything. They have power
to do the whole thing, and there is no provision
whatever, and we cannot putin the ncccssary pro-
visions here. I have draughted this amendmentso
us to cover that, and I think it very important for
the protection of life and property both. I move
to insert at the end of the second section, which
gives authority to use steam power:
Upon s-ueh tcims and condition?, as the coiporate author-
ities ol the city of Washington may impose for the safety
of pen-on* ami pioperty ; and the said corporate authorities
arc authoi ized to ptcvent &ueh use of steam power within
the corporate limit-*, unless such terms and conditions are
complied with.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I would suggestan amend-
ment to the Senator from Maine. There might bo .
something ambiguous in the expression " upon
such terms and conditions." I propose to sub-
stitute for these words, " subject to such rules and
regulations.55
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wili accept that.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment, as modified.
Mr. FESSENDEN. " Rules and regulations"
should be put in both places where " terms and
conditions" occur. 1 think that is an improve-
ment, and am much obliged to tlie Senator for it.
The amendment was'agreed to.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed, and read
the third time. It was read the third time.
Tiie PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is: "Shall the bill pass?"
Mr. FESSENDEN I ask for the yeas and
nays on the passage of the bill. I am opposed to
it any way.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 30, nays 15; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Benjamin, Bigier, Bragg, Cameron, Gol-
lamer, DavW, Dixon, liouglny, Fitch, Fitzpatriek, Foster,
Green, Gwin, Hemphill, Hunter. Johnson of Arkansas,
Johnson of Tennebsee, Kennedy, Lane, Latham, Mason,
Nicholson, Powell. Rice, ^.lulsbury, Slidcll,Toombs, Wig-
fall. Wtlbon, and Yuioc—30. _t , I%
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Bingham, Brown, ClarK, uoo-
little, Dnrkee, Fesscnden,'Foot, Harlan, Kins. Sebastian,
Sumner, Trumbull, Wade, and VVilkin?6ii-~i5- ^
So the bill waa passed; atfd the title was
