1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1143
the Treasurer for the amount of such recovery, in favor of
the parly or parties by whom such recovery shall be had,
directing the said Treasurer to refund the same out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
Mr. HALE. I object to that, as a private claim,
so far as it is retroactive to pay back duties which
have been already paid.
Mr. BIGLER. This certainly cannot be con-
sidered as a private claim.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
of order being made under the rule, it will be de-
cided without debate', and the Chair will submit
the question to the Senate.
Mr. BIGLER. Will it not be in order for me
to make an explanation of the amendment, that
Senators may understand it? This is a proposi-
tion to change a general public law, and can by
no possibility be construed to be a private claim.
I am denied the right to speak of its merits, as I
understand the Chair; but it is a proposition to
change the law in reference to the liability of col-
lectors. The collectors are now liable, in their
personal estate, for unascertained duties, or duties
paid under protest, and they are required to de-
posit immediately, under the penalty of being
held liable for embezzlement, and they do deposit
every day the amount which is paid, whether it
be the amountascertained, or paid under protest.
As the law stands now, they are responsible in
their individual estates for the money which is in
the Treasury of the United States, and they have
no remedy. In ordinary times, when the'Gov-
ernment had 8n abundance of money, and was
prepared to meet its liabilities at any day, this
was no great matter of complaint; but when your
Treasury is exhausted, and when you are on the
eve of bankruptcy, why should you take the
property of individual citizens for the debts of the
Government? That will be the inevitable result.
They are required to deposit every dollar they
receive every day, and they have no remedy
whatever. If the Government of the United States
fails to make the payment, the individual estate
is to be sold and sacrificed for this debt. That is
the whole of it; and certainly the Senator from
New Hampshire will withdraw his point of order
on this proposition. It is no private claim. It
proposes to change the law prospectively; but I
can give him cases perfectly startling on this sub-
ject.
Mr. HALE. If the Senator will allow me a
moment, I do not object to that part which pro-
poses to change the law; but I say that part which
orders money that, has already been paid to be
refunded, and paid back to these men who have
paid duties, is a private claim.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The other part is the
worst of it. , ,
Mr. HALE. Both are bad enough; but it is
the private claim that I object to. I think we
have a pretty strict law on that subject, and we
had better stick to it.
Mr. BIGLER. This is the law now.
Mr. HALE Then there is no use in reenact- ]
ing it. |
Mr. BIGLER. Would the Senator from Vir-
ginia [Mr. Hunter] pretend to say that there |
should be no remedy where duties are paid under ;
protest? Unquestionably, as the law now stands, ]
the collectors are liable m their individual estate
for money that is in the Treasury. That is the ,
whole of it; and if Senators will have the report j
read, it sets forth the whole history of the case,
and I think will make it perfectly clear. [" Oh,
no!"] , „
Mr. HUNTER. I would suggest to the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania that this a matter which
involves so important a change 111 the public pol-
icy of the country, that it ought to be brought up
as a separa te and independentmeasure. Heought
not to insist upon dclaytng the appropriation bill
for this, because it is a matter which the Senate
ought to act upon without deliberation. I fear it
•is one of the most dangerous propositions which
has been made here, so far as the receipts of the
public Treasury are concerned.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 regard it in the same
light, as exceedingly dangerous. It is a matter
that would certainly require a great deal of dis-
cussion and examination-, before we could ven-
ture to pass upon it. I hope the Senator will
withdraw it, and not attempt to press it on this
bill.
Mr. BIGLER. I wish, in justice to the com-
mittee and myself, now to ask permission to say
a few words further, and to ask for the reading
of the report; and if the Senators then think it is
really of that serioug nature, I will withdraw it;
but it does not involve one dollar.
Mr. POLK. Will the Senatorallow me to ask
him one question?
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator says he has
withdrawn his amendment.
Mr. POLK. I did not understand him so.
Mr. BIGLER. 1 say I will ask for the read-
ing of the report; and then,if Senators think there
is any doubt about it, I will withdraw it.
Mr. POLK. I desire to ask the Senator one
question.
Mr. HALE. I rise to a question of order. This
question is to be decided without debate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That is the
decision of the Chair; but at the instance of gen-
tlemen, the Chair suggested it to the Senate, and
no objection was made to the discussion,and the
Chair therefore did not interrupt it.
Mr. BIGLER. I call for the reading of the re-
port.
Mr. HALE. I hope not. I want the question
of order decided, as to whether this is a private
claim.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
submit that question to the Senate. The ques-
tion is, " Shall the amendment be received under
the rule?"
The question being put, the Senate refused to
receive the amendment.
Mr. BIGLER. Then, sir, I will offer another
amendment, if the Chair will entertain it, from
the same committee. It is the one which was
ruled out of order yesterday. I did not take an
appeal from the decision. It is to insert, at the
end of the first section:
For payment of balance due contractor for building the
custom-house at Beliast and Ellsworth, in Maine, $448 79.
Mr. HALE. The same objection applies to
that; it is a private claim.
Mr. HUNTER. We had a decision on that,
yesterday.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I suggest to the Senator
from Pennsylvania that he cannot offer that again
in committee. It has been once rejected. He can
offer it in the Senate.
Mr. BIGLER. 1 will offer it in the Senate,
and also the proposition which the Senate have
just refused to receive; and in the mean time, I beg
leave to request Senators to look at it.
Mr. GREEN. I now ask the Senator from
Arkansas to offer a certain amendment. If he
does not, I shall ofier it.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I will offer the amend-
ment. The Senator from Missouri has a copy
of it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The following
amendment, proposed by the Senator from Mis-
souri 
Mr. GREEN. No, sir. The Senator from
Arkansas, from the Committee on Indian Affairs.
I happen to have it in my possession; that is all.
Mr. SEBASTIAN, ft may be considered as
from the Committee on Indian Affairs. 1 pre-
sented it once before. The Senator from Mis-
souri will explain it.
Mr. CLARK. I desire to inquire of the chair-
man whether it was ever submitted to the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. Itistheamendmentknown
as the amendment in favor of Brigham Young.
It was authorized by the committee once before,
and rejected by the Senate, and I promised the
Senatorfrom Missouri thatl would offer itagain.
I happen not to be able to lay my hands on the
amendment just at this moment, but he has a
copy of it, which he will piesent to the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The proposed
amendment will be read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
To enable the Commissioner of Indian Affairs, to adjust
the accounts of Bugham Young, late Governor of tuali
Territory, and ex officio superintendent of Indian atfaiis,
for disbursements alleged to have been made by linn on
account of tne Indian service in said Territory, $32,734 lo :
Provided, That no portion of said accounts shall be paid
until a full examination shall have been made in regard to
the propnety of ihe disbursements, and the result of saen
examination appioved by the Commissioner of Indian. Af-
fairs, and the Secretary of the Navy.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is a private claim.
I raise the question of order on it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is, " Shall the amendment "be received underlie
rule of the Senate?"
Mr. GREEN. I do not regard this as a private
claim, and I beg leave to make One' remark.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
can proceed, by common consent. The Chair
hears no objection.
Mr. GR.EEN. This is a deficiency under a
prior law. It is for nq individual, but for the
adjustment of accounts 
Mr. DOUGLAS. Under the "higher law,"
did you say ?
Mr. GREEN. No, sir; aprior law. I never
resort to the higher law in the Senate; I do on
my knees, privately. The Department of the
Interior has recommended this to supply a defi-
ciency, but coupled with a condition that no part
of it shall be paid until the whole accounts are
fully examined and approved. I can give you one
ipstance: Messrs. Little&Alcock, ofthe city ofSt.
Louis, were doing business in Utah. Mr. Brig-
ham Young, acting superintendent, was author-
ized to draw on the Indian department. He drew
a draft, and wanted the money. They had the
money, and paid the cash out of their pockets for
his draft, amounting to $9,000. Before the drafts
arrived here, Brigham Young had stirred up his
difficulties there, and, in consequence of that, the
Department suspended all his accounts. All that
question has been passed; and this amendment
proposes simply to investigate them, and, if they
are not right,not to paya single dollar,but to let
the Department judge whether it is right or not.
There can be no wrong in it; it can do no harm
to anybody; andif thecitizens have been unjustly
kept out of their money, I jthink they ought to be
paid.
Mr. CLARK. I desire to make one sugges-
tion in regard to this amendment. It provides the
money, and enables the Secretary of the Interior
to pay it if he thinks the accounts are right. _ I
think it would be very much better, in this in-
stance, to pass a resolution authorizing the Sec-
retary ofthe Interior to adjust the accounts, and
then report them to us, so that we mightexamine
them, and appropriate the money. This appro-
priates the money, and then provides for an ex-
amination of the accounts. I should rather ex-
amine the accounts first; and if they are right,
appropriate the money afterwards.
Mr. GREEN. The money was appropriated;
and the Secretary had the same power under the
former appropriation that he will have under this;
but, suspending the-accounts in consequence of
the difficulties in Utah, he exhausted the"appro-
priation in other superintendences; therefore, we
propose nowsimply to put back an equal amount,
with the same power he had before—no more, no
less. Under the general law, he had that right._
Mr. CLARK. That may be true; but still this
provision is, nevertheless, that the money shall be
appropriated, and then the Secretary of tho Inte-
rior examine. It is to enable him to settle the
accounts when he has examined, and when he has
found them just and right. I say, let them be first
examined and reported to us, so that we may see
if they are just and right; and then let us pay the
money. I object to this method of turning every-
thing over to the judgment of the Depa-tments,
Congress should judge in relation to these matters
when they appropriate the money. We have
fallen into a good many mistakes, and, in my
judgment, appropriated a good deal of money
which would not have been appropriated if we
had examined the accounts in the first instance.
Mr. GREEN. The Secretary-had this power
under theformerappropriation; but,outof abund-
ant caution, in consequence of the difficulties m
Utah, lie stopped it; and then, needing the money
in other superintendences, he applied it, and
exhausted it. Since the difficulties have been
settled, all he now asks is the same power, and
the same appropriation that he before had to ad-
just the accounts as they before stood. We do
not therefore transfer from Congress any power
that Congress has heretofore exercised. It leaves
it exactly as Congress heretofore had vested it in
the head of the Department. I do not know who
will be the head of that Department; but I am will-
ing to trust him. I am willing to trust any honora-
ble, honest man, and I have confidence enough to
believe that tft ere will bean honest man at the head
ofthe Department. Such being the case, what harm
