I860..
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
183
to which he was entitled, have had the same un-
der examination, and do not find the petitioner
sustained by the service and facts existing at the
time, and therefore make an adverse report.
The report was ordered to lie on the table.
PACIFIC RAILROAD.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I ask leave to introduce
a bill of which no previous notice has been given,
for the purpose merely of having it laid on the
table and printed. It is a bill that has been put
in my hands with the request that I would intro-
duce it. It is entitled "An act granting public
lands and a loan of the credit of Government to
the People's Pacific Railroad Company,to aid in
the construction of a railroad from the Missouri
river to San Francisco, on the Pacific coast, and
tile same to aid the construction of the northern
and southern Pacific railroad."
I move that leave be granted to introduce it, and
to have it printed, in order that it maybe laid be-
fore the Senate.
Leave was granted; and the bill (S. No. 527)
granting public lands and a loan of the credit of
Governmentto the People's Pacific Railroad Com-
pany, to aid in the construction of a railroad from
the Missouri river to San Francisco, on the Pa-
cific coast, and the same to aid the construction
of the northern and southern Pacific railroad,
was read and passed to a second reading, and or-
dered to be printed.
AMENDMENT OF TII1S CONSTITUTION.
Mr. PUGH. I ask the unanimous consent of
the Senate to introduce a joint resolution without
previous notice.
Leave was granted ;and the joint resolution (S.
No. 51) in regard to a convention for proposing
amendments "to the Constitution of the United
Stall's was read the first time by its title.
Air. PUGH. I ask that it be read a second
time, if no objection be made to its introduction,
and referred'to the select committee heretofore
appointed.
The joint lesolution was read a second time,
and referred to the select committee of thirteen,
appointed-under the resolution of Mr. Powell,
which was adopted on the 18tli instant; and is as
follows:
A )(>:nr icsolution (3. No. 31) in regard to a convention for
piopo.'iiig amendments totheConstitution ot theUnitcd
tetcltC'Si . -
Rc*ol>-cil hy the Senate and House of Representatives of
the United Slates of Jimcrica in Congress assembled, That
it b" lecommended to the legislatures of the several Stales
to apply It) Congress, as soon as practicable, to call a con-
vention lor proposing amendments to tbo Constitution of
the United States,asr ptovidedin the fifth article thereof.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Mr. President, I hold in my
hand a proposition for ccrtam amendments to the
Constitution, which I desire to have formally re-
ferred to the select committee of thirteen. I de-
sire now to lay it on the table, and wish to have
it printed, in order that it may be more conve-
niently examined, and referred formally to that
•committee.
The PRESIDING OFFICER-, (Mr. Foster
in the chair.) It is moved that the proposition
of the Senator from Illinois, proposing amend-
ments to the Constitution, be printed,and referred
to the select committee of thirteen. The resolu-
tion will be read.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I do not suppose it neces-
sary to have it read. If Senators desire it, how-
ever, I have no objection.
The joint resolution (S.No.52) proposing cer-
tain amendments to the Constitution of the United
States, was read twice by its title, and referred to
the select committee of thirteen, appointed under
the—resolution of Mr. Powell, adopted on the
I8th instant, and ordered to be printed.
Cfc'AHIS AGAINST MEXICO.
The PRESIDING OFFICER.. If no further
petitions, orreports, or resolutions,be offered, the
bill (S. No. 112) to further carry out the provis-
ions of tin- fifteenth section of the treaty between
(he United Slates and Mexico, concluded on the
2d day of February, 1848, is the unfinished busi-
ness of the morning hour.
Mr. IVEK.S0N. I move that that bill lie on
the table for the present.
The motion was agreed to.
DEFICIENCY BILL.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. Forxey, its Clerk, an-
nouncing that the House had passed the follow-
ing resolution:
Resolved, That the Clerk be directed to request the Sen-
ate to return to this House the bill (H. R. No* 86G) "to
supply deficiencies in the appropriations for the service
of tlitt fiscal year ending June 30,1861," to correct an error
in engrossment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER put the questio n
011 agreeing to the request of the House; and it
was ordered that thebillbereturned to the House
of Representatives.
LIEUTENANT GEORGE I;. DAKTSUFP.
Mr. BINGIIAM. I ask the Senate to take up
the bill (S. No. 523) for the relief of Lieutenant
George L. Hartsuff, United States Army. This
bill was reported by the Senator from Mississippi,
[Mr. Davis,] the other day. Lieutenant Hart-
suff was wrecked on the steamer Lady Elgin,
with some Government stoics; and to make his
account good he paid over to his successor about
three hundred dollars, which this bill proposes
to reimburse to him. I think there will be no ob-
jection to it.
There being no objection, the bill (S. No. 523)
for the relief of Lieutenant George L. Hartsuff,
United States Army, was read a second time,
and considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It directs the Secretary of War to pay to Lieu-
tenant George L. Hartsuff,acting assistant com-
missary of subsistence, United States Army, tbo
sum of ^380, lost by wreck of steamer Lady El-
gin, it being thcamount of public funds ho had in
his possession while traveling under orders on
boaul of that steamer, in the month of September,
1860, which sum he subsequently paid over to
his successor, in order to balance his accounts oil
the books of the Treasury Department.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
31 A.TO It BENJAMIN ALVOltD.
Mr. LANE. I move to take up the bill (which
remained unacted upon at the end of the last ses-
sion) for the rcliefof Major Benjamin Alvord, pay-
master of the United States Army. It was re-
ported by the Committee on Military Affairs, and
its passage recommended. I suppose there will
be no objection to it.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S. No.
376) for the relief of Major Benjamin Alvord,
paymaster United States Army, was read a sec-
ond time, and considered as in Committeee of the
Whole. It directs the properaccounlingofficcrs of
the Treasury Department, in settling the accounts
of Major Benjamin Alvord, paymaster United
States Army, to credit him in the sum of $14,000,
that being theamountof public money for which
he was accountable, lost by the shipwreck of the
steamship Northerner, on the 5th January, 1860,
near Cape Mendocino, California, it having been
forwarded to him at Fort Vancouver, Washing-
ton Territory, by that vessel, by the assistant
quartermaster at San Francisco.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment. .
Mr KING. Is there any report m the case?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is a re-
port. Is the reading of the report asked for?
Mr. KING. Yes, sir.
The Secretary read the report, from which it
appears that on the 4th of January, 1860, the me-
morialist delivered to Brevet Major Robert Alien,
of the quartermaster's department, at San Fran-
cisco, in California, $14,000 in specie, to be trans-
ported through that department to Major Alvord,
at Vancouver, Washington Territory. Major
Allen turned this money over to Wells, Fargo &
Co., for transportation, and they placed it on the
steamer Northerner, W. L. Dall, master, which
left San Francisco the same day for the Columbia
river- The treasure was in care of a faithful agent
of the company, D. W. Barry. On the 5th or
January 1860, the Northerner was wrecked by
striking a rock near Cape Mendocino, and the
money was lost, in despite of all the efiorts of its
custodian, Mr. Barry, who lost his life iri his
attempt to save these funds. These tacts are sus-
tained bv the sworn testimony of Major Allen; by
Samuel Kriigiit, ail agentof Wells, Fargo & Co.;
and by Captain Dall, inastei of the steamer, lhe
conim'ittce were fully satisiied that the money was
lostm the manner stated; that the utmost exertions
were made to save it; that lis part of it has been
recovered, there being no insurance against the
dangers of the sea; and that Major Alvord, the,
memorialist, is free from all blame in connection
therewith; and they therefore reported a Uilf for
his relief. - .
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
\T. II. "VESBY.
Mr. SUMNER. I ask the Senate to take up
the bill (S. No. 463) for the relief of William H.
Vesey. It is very similar in character to that on
which we have just acted.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S. No.
463) for the relief ofWilliam H. Vesey was reada
second time,and considered as in Committee of the
Whole. 11 authorizes the proper accounting offi-
cers of the Treasury to examine the evidence to be
presented before them by or on behalf ofWilliam
H. Vesey, late consul of the United Statcsat Havre,
in France, in regard to an alleged loss of $1,518
deposited by him on account of the fees of his con-
sular office, belonging to the Government of the
United States, in th.e banking-house of Mossrs.
Greene & Co., of Paris, lost by their default, and
paid by him into theTreasuryofthe United States;
and upon the production of proof satisfactory to
themthatthelosswasactuallysustainedasallcged,
and through no want of care upon the part of the
depositor, it is to bo the duty of the Secretary of
the Treasury to reimburse and repay to William
H. Vesey, or his legal representatives, a sum not
exceeding $1,518, with interest thereon from the
date when the loss shall appear to have occurred;
but he or his legal representatives, before repay-
ment of the loss, are to execute and deliver to the
proper officer of the Government a sufficient trans-
fer and assignment, for the benefit of the United
States, of afl claim, at law or in equity, which he
may have upon the said banking-house of Greene
& Co., of Paris, or its representatives, on,account
of the loss alleged to have been sustained by him
by reason of their default.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
ELIZA A. MERCHANT.
Mr. 1VERSON. I move that the Senate take
up the bill of the House (No. 436) for the lelief
of Mrs. Eliza A. Merchant, widow of the late
first Lieutenant and Brevet Captain Charles G.
Merchant, of the United States Army, which lma
been reported from the Committee on Pensions.
I make this motion, bccause I understand it is a
very meritorious case. The lady is advanced in
years, and is very much in want. The bill has
passed the House of Representatives, and been
examined by a committee of this body, and re-
ported on favorably by them. There can be no
objection to it. I understand it presents strong
grounds for relief. I hope the Senate will indulge
me, and the friends of the bill, in taking it up.
It will occupy butrlittle time.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (H. R. No. 436) for the relief of
Mrs. Eliza A. Merchant, widow of the late first
Lieutenant and Brevet Captain Charles G. Mer-
chant, of the United States Army. It directs the
Secretary of the Interior to place the name of
Eliza A. Merchant on the pension list, at the rate
of fifteen dollars per month, to commence on the
4th day of March, 1860, and continue during her
life. . .
The Committee on Pensions reported the bill
with two amendments; in line five, to strike out
" fifteen," and insert " twenty-five;" and in line
eight, to strike out the word " life," and insert
"widowhood," so that the bill will read:
Be it enacted, ^e., That the Secretary of the Interior!*;,
and he is hereby, directed to place the name of Eliza A.
Merchant on the pension list, at the rate of twenty-five
dollars per month, to commence on tile 4th day of March,
1 I860, and continue during lier widowhood.
The PRESIDING OFFICER.- Is the Senate
ready for the question on the fiist amendment re-
ported by the committee?
Mr. K'ING. If there is a report in the case, 1
should like to hear it read.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The reading
of thr report is asked for. It will be read.
The Secretary read the report made to the
House of Representatives on the 23a of March,
I860, by Mr. Butfi.vto.v, torn the Committee on
