184
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 24,
Military Affaire, from which it appeared that the
petitioner, on behalf of herself and child, claims a
pension for the reason that her husband, the hue
First Lieutenant and Brevet Captain Charles G.
Merchant, died in the military service of the Uni-
ted States, at Pascagoula, Mississippi, on the 4th
of September, 1855, The petitioner alleges that
her husband, Lieutenant Merchant, graduated at
the United States Military Academy at West
Point on the 30th day of June, 1843, and was pro-
moted to brevet second lieutenant in the eighth
regiment United States infantry July 1,1843; that
he served during the war with the Mexican repub-
lic, and was brevctted first lieutenant September
8, 1847, for gallant and meritorious conduct at the |
battle of Mohno del Roy, and brevet captain Sep- '<
temher 13, 1847, for gallant and meritorious con- i
ductat the battleof Chepultepiv.; and on his return j
from Mexico he was ordered to Texas, and in an
affair with Indians May 20, 1850, was severely
wounded, from winch he ne\er fully recovered;
in April, 1858, he was ordered to East P.isengoula,
Mississippi. The testimony of J. J. B. Wiight,
surgeon United States Army, and John F. Ran-
dolph, who was acting assistant smgeon United
Stales Army, both strongly coi roborate the state-
ment of the petitioner, that the wound alluded to j
was the cause of his death. The Commissioner j
of Pensions, in a letter to the committee dated j
January 2, 1857, says: " If the committee aie of
opinion, fiom the medical testimony, that his
death was hastened by the wound, the claim of
the widow to a pension would seem to be as mer-
itorious as some others which have been allowed
by special act." It is also disclosed by the Com-
missioner of Pensions that Charles G. Merchant
was a first lieutenant at the time of his death.
The committee, aftera careful examination of the
testimony, were of opinion that the death of Lieu-
tenant Charles G. Merchant was hastened by a
wound received in a hatth' with Indians iYlay £0,
1850, and that the application of Mrs. Kir/a A.
Merchant, his widow, is worthy the favoiahle
consider.itif.il of Congress.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the first amendment reported by the commit-
tee, to strike out " fifteen " and maei t " twenty-
five.
Mr. GRIMES." I desire to suggest tomombeis
of the Senate present that there is a principle pro-
posed to be changed by this amendment; that is,
a principle that has been acted upon by the Sen-
ate heretofore, it has been the practice to grant
to widows of officers of the Army half pay; that
is, one half the pay to which the officer was entitled
at the tune of ins decease. This amendment, I
believe, proposes to grant to the widow the half
pay of a brevet captain whilst he was only a
lieutenant in the line, and wns only drawing the
pay of a lieutenant. The amendment now before
the Semite is, to increase her half pay from fifteen
dollars a month, or sixteen dollais and sixty-six
cents it oti^ht to be, to twenty-five dollars. If it
is to be the inle hereafter that the widowsof offi-
cers of the Army shall diaw the half pay of the
■ rank of their husbands if they were full captains,
or if they held office in the line to which they
have been bi evetted, then it 1 s i j«> ht that we should
adopt this amendment. 1 have nothing furfhei
to add, except that I desire this question to he
settled, so that the Committee on Pensions may
understand what is to be the view of the Senate
hereafter m its action; whether wc aie to give to
widows of officers the half pay of their brevet
rank or of their rank in the line. It has been
hitherto the latter. This amendment proposes
to change that rule.
Mr. CHANDLER- What was his pay at the
time of his death ?
Mr. GRIMES. Tie wasalieutenantand brevet
captain; and this amendment proposes to give Ins
widow the half pay of a captain.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment repotted by the committee
to strike out "fifteen5' and insert ''twenty-five."
Tlie amendment was rejected.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now is on the second amendment leported by the
committu, which proposes to strike out the word
{< life'' and to "i^ert the word " widowhood."
Mi. IVERS. N- I will merely suggest to the
Senate that it would be better not to concur in that
amendment, bccause it would take the bill back to
the House. She is a very old woman, and whether
the pension is granted to her for life or widow- j
hood, is a matter of no consrqucnce, as she will ;
never get married again. Let the pension be for I
life. I hope the Senate will disagree to thatamend- j
ment, and let the bill pass as it came from the j
House. i
The amendment was rejected.
The bill was reported*to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
ADJOURNMENT FOU CHRISTMAS.
Mr. MASON. To-morrow being a holiday, I
suppose that the Senate would desire to adjpurn
over until thefollowing day; and with the assent
of the body, I move that when the Senate adjourns
to-day, it adjourn to meet on Wednesday next.
The motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Forney, its Clerk, announced that the
House had passed a bill (No. 467) granting a
pension to Eliza Reeves, in which the concurrence
of the Senate was requested.
ADMISSION OE KANSAS.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foster.)
The Chair will state that, by a vote of the Senate,
to-day at one o'clock was assigned specially for
the consideration of the bill (H. R. No. 25) for
the admission of Kansas into the Union. That
hour lias not yet arnved; but as there seems to
be no other business before the Senate, the Chan-
will announce the fact; and he will further state,
that that special order would be superseded by the
joint resolution proposing amendments to the
Constitution of the United States, that being the
unfinished business of Friday: and that, unless
objection be made, the Chair will now take up
the joint resolution (S. No. 48) proposing amend-
ments to the Constitution of the United States,
on which the Senator fiom Tennessee [Mr. Nich-
olson] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. COLLAMER. If I understand the mling
of the Chair, it is that the special order, being the
bill for the admission of Kansas, is superseded
by the unfinished business.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is so in the
opinion of the Chair. The Chair understands
that to be the practice of the Senate.
Mr. COLLAMER. I desire to inquire of the
Chair what becomes of this special order ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will be the
next business in order after the resolution, which
is the unfinished business of Fiiday, shall have
been disposed of.
Mr. COLLAMER. I desire to know whether
it will stand of its own right, superseding other
business, on the disposition of that?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It would, in
the opinion of the Chair, be the business next m
order after the expiration of the morning hour
each day.
Mr. COLLAMER. Experienced Senators sug-
gest to me that probably there is some misanpie-
hension about the effect of passing over this rpc-
cml order. 1 do not wish to take away from the
gentleman who has the floor the oppoi (unity of
add t essmg the Senate*, but I desire that something
mav be done m relation to this Kansas bill which
shall keep it from bemgoverslaughed. If the hour
runs out for this without our proceeding with it,
it may be jjone entirely.
Mr. GREEN. I will suggest to the Senator,
that this is a special order, and it remains as a
special order; and the oldest special ordei js al-
ways the one to be called up. unless there is some
unfinished matter on the table; and it will retain
its place as the oldest special order.
Mr. COLLAMER. Tins bemsrmnde a special
order,as I understood,at one o'clock,supersedes
| all pievious special orders, until this is put out of
| the way in some way.
! Mr. TRUMUULL. 3 think the Chair is un ier
j a misapprehension tis to what-has been the ruling
I of the Senate on this point. My recollection is
dtlfeient from that of the Chair. We have dis-
cussed this matter once or twice, and my recol-
lection is that a special order tor a particular hour
comes up, notwithstanding the Senate may have
adjourned upon unfinished business the day pre-
vious.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, With the per-
mission of the Senator from Illinois, the Chair
will state that that is the opinion of the Chair, and
it becomes his duty to name the special order at
that hour: tocall it up, but to suggest,at the same
time, that the unfinished business? of the day be-
fore takes the precedence, according to the practice
of the Senate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Bagging the pardon of the
Chair, I think the practice is quite the reverse;
and the unfinished business does not take prece-
dence, but we mu t get rid of the special order in
order to get up the unfinished business. That has
been my understanding. Otherwise, business oncc
c.nmm< need would be progressed with until it was
finished. My understanding is. that when a spe-
cial order is fixed for a particular day and hour,
the first special order at that day and hour comes
up, even if the Senate is engaged on business at
the time. Whenever the hour arrives, the Pre-
siding Office! ai rests the speaker on the floor and
calls up the special order: and if Iv. would do so
at that tune, though a person were upon the floor
' addressing the Senate, its-'ems to me suiely that
| the fact that tle-re was unfinished business of a
| previous day would not crowd out the special
i order.
The PRESIDING OFF ICER. The Chair will
have the tale read, which, in his opinion, controls
the mattei.
The Secretary read the 15th rule, es follows:
v* 15. The lui'lm-hed bu^uu^s in which the Senate was
envied at the in^t pu'cednisz adjournment shall liav/3 ihc
preference in the special oideia of the day."
Mr. COLLAMER. Has the unfinished busi-
ness, to which the Chair has called our attention,
ever been made the rpecial order of the day?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It has not, ac-
cording to the recollection of the Chair.
Mr. FOOT. Let the 31st rule bo read.
The Secretary read if, as follows:
"31. When the iionr shall have aruved tor the consider-
ation ot a -pocial (nun. it s-hall he the <!uty of the Cha.r to
ink-- tip ^ucli -peetal outer, and the Semite .-.hat! piocced lo
coiiMder it, utiles it b* po tpone<{ by vote ot the Senate.
•• When two ot m<n<- -abject* shall have been "-penally
UNHFlied foi eoH-j.ueiaiiou, lln*> -!m!I preeedenee ae-
( oul'ii^ to l!v' older ot tune at which they \veu  seveially
trued, and Mich ouler >-liall at no tune be lo-t oi changed
except by the dilution ot the Senate.
'■Whin two or mere -ubjerts shall have been n-^isrncd
for the Mime lioui, the Mibjcet fii-t a-Mcrned (or Unit hour
shall take p; (M-edenee ; bur special oider- '•hall always have
piecedcne" oi general oulec. utiles such f-pcei.il orders
rhall b" postponed b\ direction ot' the Senate.
"■ Sp'eial oid.Ms flu!l not lo.se then position on account
of nilei veuinir adjoin anient -; noi shall the\ lo-e their iel-
ative po-iiwm on lie (\i!emlat,e.xceptb\ voteot tbeSesiate,
until finally di-poM'd of."
Mr. COLLAMER. Now, Mr. President, i
understand that the subject-matter unfinished at
the adjournment was not a special order, and
never has been at all.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If it were, it is not an
older special order than this.
Mr. COLLAMER It is not a special order
at all.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The hour of
one o'ehu k having now arrived, it is the duty of
the Cluxir to call up the bill for the admission of
Kansas into the Union, which, by a vote of the
Senate, was made the special order for this day at
one o'clock. That bill is now before the Senate.
Mr. MASON. 1 presume we can test the
sense of the Senate upon the construction of the
rule. My experience in the Senate has been,
that the unfinished business of the day preceding,
under the 15th rule, is the first business prop-
erly before the Senate at one o'clock on the suc-
ceeding dav, unless by a vote of the Senate it is
! ordered otherwise. That has been the practice,
! I think; and, if the Chair decides otherwise, I
| should like to have the opinion of the Senate
S upon it
| Mi. FITZPATRCK. I know there has been .
i some diversity of opinion as to the effect of the
! two rules which have been read; but I think the
I general practice has been that the unfinished busi-
1 noss takes precedence over any special order; and
th< refore, in my opinion, the Chair was light, in
his fust ruling, in stating that it become his duty
to announce ih.it the special ord^i was set for a
p:\iticulai tune, but, at the saor ume, to o[v<
precedence to th ^ unfinished business, if the Sen-
ate adjourned without closing it. I thmk that
has been the uniform ruling, so far as my knowl-
edge extends, both of the Vice President and of
the various chairmen who have presided tempo-
rarily in his absencc. If there had been no un-
