1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mm
the very best evidence which can be obtained un-
der the circumstances, and must be satisfied with
it, especially when it all points in one direction;
and there is not a solitary fact to give it a con-
trary direction.
This question about the sufficiency of evidence
would deny to an Indian altogether any kind of
justice. I do not think there is the slightest moral
question in the world but that he has established
his right under the sixteenth section of the act of
1834. 1 should be more tolerant to an objection
of this kind if it were a white man claiming the
benefits of this act against an Indian tribe who
have no representatives here; but under the pres-
ent circumstances, 1 think it is well and right
and just, that the Senate should pass the appro-
priation.
Mr. PEARCE. These are the papers sent to
me from the desk, which were here before. I will
not read them alt; but 1 will read two of the cer-
tificates. Here is one of them:
Sac and Fox Agency, Kansas Territory,
July 10, 1653.
Wc certify that we have been often at the house of John
T, Jones; also, was passing while said house was in pi og-
ress of building, and suppose it would cost $4,000 to com-
plete it. Also, saw shade andlruit treeb that weie de-
stroyed by the burning of the house.
Can certify thai said house was well furnished with li-
brary, nice household goods, and that Mr. Jones was liberal
in furnishing his house and family.
ISAAC G. BAKER,
ilARKElt S. ItANDOL.
Major F. Tymany,
XJnitod States Indian Agent, Sac and Fox Agency.
Certainly there is no proof there that the house
was destroyed by white men. Then there is a
report from a Mr. James:
Sac and Fox Agency, June 11, 185S.
The agent here, Major F. Tymany, and Mr. Jones, have
both requested of ine a statement m rcgairl to the burning
ot Mr. John T Jones'? house, during the late ih>tuibances
in the Teintory, on the 30th August, 1855 1 presume the
fact of his house having been burnt and all he had m it at
that time is not disputed ; the only difference is as to the
amount that should be paid for it.
House and property ,....^6,000
Gold and silver.    700
Damage    1,000
Total   $7.700
Mr. SEBASTIAN. That "damage" is stricken
out by the Commissioner.
Mr. PEARCE. It deducts from the value of
the certificate that, after stating the worth of the
house, they give damages without stating what
for.
The above is my estimate of the real value at that time.
I presume Mr. Jones had some property destroyed that I
know nothing of; of course, that he will prove by others.
I have reference to such property as goes to make up a
family household.
Mr. Jones was badly treated. He had a good residence,
and was doing well. The house and it-> furnishing having
been done when aiticlesof every kind were very high, and
had to be hauled about sixty miles. 1 was the a«*ent at the
time this took place. B. A. JAMES.
Major F. Tymany, United States Agent Sacs and Foxes.
No proof there of the depredation being com-
mitted by white men; and the same is the case with
the others. I have looked over all these papers,
and there is no proof of that fact, which is essen-
tial to establish the claim under the act of J834.
That is all I see. I read over all the papers be-
fore, and I do not see that fact proved: so that I
do not think he is entitled to the money. These
parties ought to make out their claims strictly.
It is impossible for the Government of the United
States to pay for all sorts of depredations. It is
a very possible thing, for aught the papers show
in this case, that the man's house was burned up
by an accidental conflagration. There is no sort
of evidence that it was set on fire. It is assumed
that it was set on fire, and that it was done by
white men; but it is not proved. Therefore, I
think, we ought not to allow it.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I think there are more
papers in the case, which probably may be found
on the files of the committee, and were not sent
to the Secretary's desk. I have only to say that
the Senator may be right as to the contents of the
papers there, but other papers were before the
Committee on Indian Affairs, and I think other
members of the committee will bear me out in the
assertion that there was other and more distinct
proof. I am satisfied we never could have come
to a conclusion without proof of that kind. I
know there was an affidavit of Jones himself.
Mr PEARCE. That is not evidence.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. It is evidence, for there
are a thousand cases where we must act on the
statement of the party himself, particularly where
there are other circumstances to corroborate the
truth of what he says; and especially so in the
case of Indians. I wish the Senate to bear in
mind that this fact was notorious, not only in the
neighborhood but in the county and in the Ter-
ritory, as to the men who perpetrated the act. I
have knowledge of it in detail, and particularly
from the most indubitable sources. It is evident
that the thing was done; and the Senate act on
evidence which affords a moral conviction to the
body. It would be very hard in the case of an
Indian to exact that legal certainty as to the com-
petence of testimony that would be required from
other persons. I submit the question, however,
to the Senate without further remark, and ask for
a vote on the amendment.
Mr. POLK. I suggest to the Senator from Ark-
ansas, that if he thinks there is proof before the
committee more than has been offered in the Sen-
ate, and beyond that which has been referred to
by the Senator from Maiyland, it would be bet-
ter, perhaps, not to press this cfaim now. For
one I feel disposed to vote for it, rather from what
I happen to know of the facts of the case from
intelligent sources, than from the proof that has
been read. I know this man; I spent a day and
part of a night once in his immediate neighbor-
hood, and at his house, and'l have seen him
here. I have no doubt that his house was burnt,
and burnt by white men. He is not an Ottawa
Indian himself. He belonged originally to an-
other tribe, but lives in that tribe. He is an edu-
cated Indian. He was educated at the Indian
school in Kentucky. He is a very intelligent
man indeed,and a very worthy man, as I believe.
I have no doubt he has been damnified, and dam-
nified by an act of lawlessness, and felony, in
fact. I should like to see him paid. I feel dis-
posed to vote for it, and believe I shall; but I
nardly think (he proof now presented by the
chairman is sufficient to command the vote of the
Senate.
Mr. RICE. As a member of the Committee on
Indian Affairs, I ask the chairman if this may not
lie over for a few days, withoutjeopardizing the
claim, to oome in on some other bill.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I will withdraw the amend-
ment, and also refrain from offering one of a kin-
dred nature, which I had intended to present, so
as to look more particularly into the character of
the evidence. I think the Senator from Maryland
is mistaken; but I cannot ftay positively. As it
is, I will avail myself of the suggestion of the
Senator from Minnesota, and with draw the amend-
ment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If no further
amendment be proposed, the bill will be reported
to the Senate.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I have another amend-
ment. I offer this as a new section:
-And be it further enacted, That for the purpose of defray-
ing the necessary expenses of holding a tieaty with the
Nez Percys tribe of ! ndians, of Washington Territory, and
for the payment m full for that pomon of their reservation
north of the Snake and Clear-Water nvcis, the sum of
&o0,000 is hereby appiopuated, out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated, the amount "thu*= ap-
propriated to be disbursed by the Commissioner of [ndian
Affairs, under the direction of the Secretary of the Interior.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to under-
stand exactly what it is.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. The proposition is recom-
mended by the Indian Office and the Secretary of
the Interior. It involves an appropriation of
$50,000 for the purchase of about one fourth of
the territory now occupied by the Nez Perces In-
dians, part of which lies in Washington Terri-
tory and part in the State of Oregon, east of the
Cascade mountains. The necessity for it arises
from this state of facts: since the treaty of last
year, which, it will be remembered by the Senate,
was almost three years old before it was ratified,
a considerable amount of that Territory has been
discovered to be a gold-bearing region; and the
consequence is, as might be expected, that the
whites have gone into it and occupied all that part
of the country lying north of the Snake river and
the Clearwater. Already, I am informed, about
sixty miners are there; and, from the tone of the
public journals in Oregon and Washington, it is
very evident that there will be a rush of white
immigrants and miners next year. The Nez Per-
cys occupy, now,aboutpix thousanrt square miles,
with a population of nearly four thousand souls*
most of ttiem living south of this gold-bearing re-
gion. This is intended to be atimely appropri-
ation for the purpose of extinguishing their title
to about one thousand five hundred square'm'iteBi
being about one fourth of their present territory,
for the purpose of avoiding collision between the
Nez Perces Indians and the whites, and the're-
currence of a war in Washington and Oregon,
our experience of which makes it quite advisable
that we should sometimes expend cents in ad^
vance, rather than dollars afterwards. I have no
doubt, from the information I have, and from my
ability to compass and comprehend the condition
of things in So distant a Territory, that it would
be wise for the Senate ta make this appropriation,
although it involves the acquisition of further In-
dian territory, which I know is a proposition dis-
tasteful to the Senate.
This is regarded as an exceptional instance;
and I think the amendment ought to be adopted.
I submit it to the Senate without any further ar-
gument. I present those facts that are furnished
to me by the Department, and by the Delegate
from Washington Territory, who is very con-
versant and familiar with these subjects. The
Senator from Oregon [Mr. Lane] has a general
information in reference to the necessity of this
appropriation. I think it will be wise, and we
may avoid the expenditure of large amounts of
money hereafter, m suppressing a war, the foun-
dation of which, it seems, is being laid at this
time. I do not press it further than the mere
statement of the facts upon which the appropria-
tion is asked.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hope everybody will
vote against this who does not want to have an-
other treaty with Indians, and a war on the top
of it, and annuities to an amount of God knows
what; for all that comes directly after one of these
Indian treaties, and they begin with appropria-
tions to make them. We have seen the conse-
quences, umil our Indian bill is about the heaviest
bill we have to bear. We do not avoid any wars
or any difficulties by such provisions. If there
is any necessity for this thing, let us .have it
brought in in the shape of a bill, with a report-on
the facts properly before the Senate, that we can
see and understand it, and not attempt to put it
on the tail of an appropriation bill, with an ex-
planation five minutes in length, upon a subject
which may involve us in an expense of millions.
I hope the Senate will have nothing to do with it
in its present shape.
Mr. BAKER. I am obliged to agree with the
view of the Senator from Maine. This may be,
and probably is, a very proper measure at the
proper time, and in tho proper way; but 1 donot
feel that, under the circumstances, it is right to
ask the Senate to put such an amendment on this
bill, at this time. 1 will join with gentlemen in ex-
amining it carefully, although I have not heard of
the particular measure before, and in pressing it,
at the proper time, and in the proper way.
Mr. GREEN. I hope, if the members from
Oregon do not desire it, it will be voted down.
Mr. LANE. Well, Mr. President, I am from
Oregon also; and I desire to say that, while I shall
not insist upon the Senate adopting the amend-
ment, I believe they can do nothing so proper,
nothing so wise, nothing so calculated to save
peace, to prevent war, to prevent the shedding of
blood, and to prevent heavy expenses hereafter.
One of the first officers of the American Army
on duty in that country, who has conducted cam-
paigns against these very Indians, who knows
them we'll, and who has watched theirconduct and
their course of action for years, advises this Gov-
ernment that, unless something is done now, to
prevent an outbreak that threatens to burst upon
us instantly, an expensive war will spring up in
that country; and a penny-wise policy will in-
volve us in millions of expense, besides the shed-
ding of any amount of blood, and the loss of
many families, and massacres as terrible as that
of which the Senator from Oregon spoke yester-
day. I understand this question. I know that
the proposition is right. Besides the opinion of
Colonel Wright, we have the opinion of the su-
perintendent of Indian affairs, who notifies us
that he can see no way to preserve or maintain
peace with these Indians, but by treaty with them
for the extinguishment of their right to that por-
