1146
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 23,
tion of the country that our people are now rap-
idly settling. If the Senate will authorize this
treaty, and the extinguishment of the title of the
Nez Forces to that portion of the country, they
will have done much to advance the settling up
of that country, and will almost to a certainty
have prevented a bloody war.
I have no personal interest in this matter; but
I plead for the welfare of the community, for jus-
tice to the Indians, and for justice to our settlers,
and with the view that the country may be settled
up, and heavy expenses stopped that would oth-
erwise burst upon us. I hope the Senate will not
suppose, every time any little treasure comes up
for that portion of the country, that it is an im-
position about to be practiced upon the Govern-
ment. It is with a view of preventing things of
that kind; it is with a view of doing justice to the
Indians, and to the whites, that this appropriation
is asked. It is recommended by every officer
whose duty it is to recommend such measures, by
those who watch over the peace and welfare of
the settlers in that portion of the country, and
want to protect the Indians from the horrors, so
far as they are concerned, of a war that must ulti-
mately, it one after another springs up, exterm-
inate them. If we would preserve them, and I
want to do that; if we would be just to them, and
I want to be just, we shall hold this treaty with
these Indians, appropriate the money necessary,
and by it you will save millions to the United
States.
Mr. BAKER. I desire it to be understood,
that I express no opinion, or if I did express any,
it would be rather coinciding with the Senator
from Oregon, as to the justice and expediency of
this measure. What 1 deemed it proper to say
was, that I feel very greatly the necessity of this
bill going through; we are within a week of the
adjournment, and I feel bound, in fairness, as I
think, to enter my dissent to this being the time
and the place for this proposition. I am not for-
getful of the necessity of it, and I will join with
any gentleman, at the proper moment and in the
proper mode, to accomplish.the result; but I feci
that we should not do it, if we tried, in this way.
First, I know we cannot get it 011 this bill here
to-day; and I know if we did, we could not carry
it through the other House.
Mr. LANE. I will only say, that every Sena-
tor knows that treaties cannot be made with the
Indian tribes now without the consent of the Sen-
ate. The appropriation will be necessary; mid
in order that the Senate may understand this ques-
tion, I ask for the reading of the reports; for I
hope it will not be disposed of without under-
standing this question
Mr. CLARK. There is 110 report.
Mr. LANE. There is a report from the De-
partment of the Interior.
Mr. CLARK. While the Secretary is looking
for the report, I will make a few suggestions which
I have to make in regard to this measure. As I
understand it, these Indians, the Nez Perees, have
a well-defined, accurate location in the State of
Oregon, running into the Territory of Washing-
ton. The northerly portion of that Territory is
found to be an auriferous region, which produces
gotd; and settlors are going into it. Now, 1 want
to ask the Senator from Oregon if these wais come
ill Oregon and Washington, whose fault it will
be. The Indians will not go off their settlements;
and if you lot them alone, there will not be war.
Mr. LANE. The Indians desire to sell the
land, that we may have it, and develop the wealth
that is in the earth there, and send it over to the
■ gentleman's country.
Mr. CLARK. I understand that the wealth is
in the earth; but I understand that the Indians do
not want to sell it; and you want §50,000 to in-
duce them to part with it.
Mr. LANE. So far as the gentleman's charge
of plunder is concerned 
Mr. CLARK. Not on you personally, of
course.
Mr. LANE. I hope it does not apply to any
of the people whom 1 represent.
Mr. CLARK. I hope it does not.
Mr. LANE. Nor to any of the people of
Washington Territory. There are none of that
kind there.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then there will be no
war.
Mr. LANE.
Yes, Mr. President, there will
be a war. Colonel Wrightpointsthat out. I will
say right here, though it interrupts the line of
argument I was going to make, that wars have
Broken out in Oregon without any offense on the
part of the white people. You cannot guard
against it in this case; for I will say to the Sen-
ator that the Nez Pcrces arc a very intelligent
tribe of Indians; they are numerous and warlike;
they are wealthy, and well prepared for war.
They will promise you peace, if you agree with
them upon a condition of things that they know
is right and proper, pay for that portion of their
country that our people go on to. Allow me to
tell the Senator from New Hampshire that every
Yankee that gets to that country will go where
the gold is. You cannot keep him off; and this
is not a bit'moie the case with a Yankee, than
with any other American citizen. You cannot
shut them out from the gold mines; but you can
remove the Indians by paying them that which
will satisfy them. It will not require much to
open the country to the use of his constituents
and mine, and the constituents of other Senators,
who will go there for the sake of the gold. I
think wecandonothingso wise, nothing so proper,
nothing so humane as to adopt this amendment,
and provide for maintaining peace.
1 was going to remark to the Senate that these
Indians aie not only wail ike and always prepared
for war, but I know some of them who to-day
hold a thousand head of horses apiece, and have
a great deal of otherproperty;and itisno trouble
for them to make war in a body. They like
war; they are semi-civilized; they understand our
habits; they understand our language, many of
them; and they want to imitate us, to make their
living as we do, to cultivate thesoil; but while they
own the country, being a proud and gallant peo-
Ele, they will not allow white men to go on to it;
lit white men will go, and difficulty will spring
up, unless that portion of the country where the
white people will go shall be purchased from them.
If you purchase it, the white man will go there,
bring out the gold, and the country will have the
benefit of it. While it is in the hands of the In-
dians, they have not the benefit of it.
Mr. RICE. Will the Senator fiom Oregon
yield to me for a moment'
Mr. LANE. With very much pleasure.
Mr. RICE. I should like to know when this
report of Colonel Wright was made?
Mr. LANE. I will say to the Senator that the
report of Colonel Wright reached the Interior
Department within the last few weeks; and also
a report of the superintendent of Indian affairs,
calling the attention of the Government to the.
danger of a serious war with these people.
Mr. RICE. That is satisfactory so far. I
should like then to ask liiin why that matter has
not been refenedto the Committee on Indian Af-
fai rs ?
Mr. LANE. It has been.
Mr. RICE. If it lias been, the committee has
never acted upon it.
Mr. LANE. The chairman is here to answer
for himself.
Mr. RICE. I have attended eveiy meeting of
the committee, and this matter has never been
brought up.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. What is (he question?
Mr. RICE. 1 say this claim was never brought
before the Commiltee 011 Indian Affairs.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. That is true.
Mr. RICE. I want to know why it was not
referred to the Committee 011 Indian Affairs; and
as a member of that committee, I have a right to
ask the question.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. Certainly. I informed
the Senator from Minnesota before he spoke 
Mr. RICE. But a moment ago.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. That it had never been
submitted to the committee; nor did I say to the
Senate that it ever had been. Iam authorized,
as an individual Senator, to submit an amendment
in accordance with the estimates of the Depart-
ment. There is nothing wrong about it. It came
too late for the last meeting of the committee.
Then, the Senator remembers, or if he does not,
other Senators do, I informed the committee they
would not be called in consultation anymore; but
if anything came in, it would either be shown
around, and their private assent asked, 01 I should
offer it on my own responsibility. There is noth-
ing under the rules which requires me to consult
the committee on it. The absence of their assent
may detract from its authority before the body,
however.
Mr. RICE. No, it may not; but I only want
to clear myself from any responsibility for it as
a member of the committee.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I am perfectly willing that
every member of the committee shall make a pro-
test that he is entirely clear of all responsibility
for it. It is not offered by the committee.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to inquire,
then, by what authority it is offered?
Mr. SEBASTIAN. By my own authority;
not as chairman of the committee. I did not so
state; and yet it seems to be inferred that I offered
it as chairman.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not know how the
Senator could offer it under the rules. I under-
stood it to be offered from th« committee.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. It seems to be inferred
here that I offered it as chairman of the commit-
tee, because it happened to succeed an amend-
ment that was offered by the committee.
Mr. FESSEN DEN. I supposed so, or I should
have objected at the time.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I did not think of advis-
ing the Senate of the precise line dividing the
committee's amendments from those offered by
mvself.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then I raise the question
of order on it now.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. It is based on an esti-
mate of the Department; and any Senator is com-
petent, under the rule, to offer an amendment of
that kind without the recommendation of a com-
mittee.
Mr. FESSENDEN. What officer of the De-
partment?
Mr. SEBASTIAN The Secretary of the In-
terior.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to hear the
estimate, so as to see what his recommendation is.
Mr. LANE. The paper is at the Secretary's
desk.
Mr. LATHAM. Read it.
The Secretary proceeded to read:
£l Department of the Interior, Office of Indian Affairs,
February 11, 1861."
Mr. FESSENDEN. Who is it signed by?
The Secretary. "A. B.Greenwood, Com-
missioner of Indian Affairs."
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is not from the In-
terior Department, but from the Commissioner of
Indian Affairs.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator from Maine raise a question of order with
respect, to the amendment ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Yes, sir; that it does not
come as an estimate from the head of a Depart-
ment, or on the recommendation of any commit-
tee, and therefore it is not in order.
Mr. LANE. I should be very glad to have the
letter read.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I object to its being read
while the question of order is pending.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Unless this ap-
propriation is recommended by a Department, or
comes from a committee, in the opinion of the
Chair the amendment cannot be received.
Mr. GREEN. The Senator from New Hamp-
shire has an amendment intended to cover the
general principle which I had proposed in my
amendment that the Senate rejected; and I hope
he will propose that now.
Mr. CLARK. I offer this as a distinct section
to the bill, at the request of the Senatorfrom Mis-
souri:
Jlnd he il further ciiaded, That the Commissioner of In-
dian Aftdiis be duected to examine the accounts of Biigliarn
Young, late Governor ot the Utah Terntoiy and ex officio
supeinitcndent of Indian affairs, for disbursements alleged
to have been made by him on account of the Indian ser-
vice m s-IUd Territory, and repent a statement thereof to
ConsrebS.
Mr. CLARK. It only provides for a statement
of the accounts.
Mr. FESSENDEN. No objection to that.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PEARCE. If there are 110 more amend-
ments from committees, I will offer an amend-
ment which I suggested yesterday, to strike out
in the 4th and 5th pages, lines eighty-two, eighty-
three, eighty-four, and eighty-five.
Mr. GREEN. If the Senator will allow me,
I I have an amendment, which I shall press; but I
