186
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 24,
the facilities well known to be constantly far- |
nished to the free States for the escape of fugitive \
slaves; by referring; to the difficulty and danger
of executing the fugitive slave law; by referring
to the statutes passed by many of the free State
Legislatures for the acknowledged purpose of
obstructing the successful execution of a plain
obligation imposed by the Constitution; by refer-
ring to the well-known fact that anti-slavery so-
cieties arc tolerated in the free States, when the
avowed purposes of their association are to scattcr
incendiary publications through the South, tend-
ing directly to the production of discontent, re-
bellion, and insurrection among the slaves; but
I forbear. It is only necessary to allude to the
facts to repel the allegation of the Senator from
Ohio, that our convictions as to the hostility of
his party are unfounded, and based only cn the
information derived from the enemies of his party
in the North.
But, Mr. President, without going outside of
the most authentic sourccs of information, rely-
ing upon no facts stated by the friends of the South
at the North; but upon the acknowledged evi-
dences furnished by the Republican party itself, I
shall proceed to state, as briefly as possible, what
I understand to be the complaints of the South
k Mr. President, in regard to the sentiments of a
I majority of the northern people upon the subject
of slavery as an abstract proposition, either mor-
ally or politically, I presume there can be no di-
versity of opinion. Looking to all the sources of
information that, are reliable, I understand these
propositions to present fairly the sentiment of the
northern mind—I mean the prevailing sentiment—
in reference to the subject of slavery:
1. That slavery, as it exists in the southern
States, is a moral as well as social and political
evil.
2 That the owners and their slaves are created
equal; that they are endowed alike with the in-
alienable lights of life, liberty, and thcpursuitof
happiness; nnd that to secure these rights equally
to both governments are instituted, deriving their
just power from the consent of the governed.
3. That as the ownets and their slaves are
created equai,the former cannot rightfully acquire
or hold dominion over, or property in, the latter
without his consent.
Now, Mr. President, these I understand to be
the prevalent sentiments of the northern mind in
reference to the question of Mavery, viewed either
socially, morally, or politically. These senti-
ments have prevailed from the beginning of the
Government. They have characterized no par-
ticular sect or party prior to the year J856. I
make no complaint ngainst the entertaining by
northern men of thoscopmions. Under the free-
dom of speech and the freedom of conscience, they
have a full and perfect right to entertain these
opinions. It is no cause of quariel between us
and them. On the other Intml, we of the South
enti-i tain duectly antagonistic opinions as matte is
of conscience and as matteis of political opinion,
on each one of these propositions. We claim tho
right under the sam^ high sanction to entertain
these opinions, and we say that it is no cause of
quarrel, and should be none.
These opinions, Mr. President, prevailed, as we
all know, in the convention that framed our Gov-
ernment. There was precisely the same antag-
onism then and there thai exists to-day between
the Nouh and South on these questions; yet it
was no cause of disruption; it was no cause of
quarrel; it was no insuperable obstacle to the form-
ation of this Government. Men who believed,
as does the Senator from Ohio, that slavery is a
moral, social, and political evil, in that conven-
tion, sanctioned the Constitution, and labored for
its adoption and ratification; yet in that Consti-
tution we all know the legality and the rightful-
ness of property in slaves are conceded m more
than one clause; that it even goes the length of
conceding the right to increase the number of
slaves by new importations for twenty years. How
can it be, then, that we who stand now jn the
same position, cannot set'lo these conflicting
opinions upon the same principle that they did '
That principle was to iea\e every man to the en-
joyment of his own conscientious opinion, and to
require every man to agree that the Constitution
of the country is the supreme law of the laud, and
in the discharge of his obligations as a citizen, to
yield to this supremacy of the Constitution.
What we now complain of is, that in the year
3856 these questions, known to be questions of
antagonism, morally and socially, if not politi-
cally, incapable of reconciliation between the
North and South, were seized upon by political
leaders at the North and incorporated as the basis,
as the "cejitral idea," of a political association
which, rising upon the strength of this prevail-
ing sentiment at the North, has finally taken pos-
session of the Government of the country. Mr.
President, the first fatal stab to this Union was
made at the Philadelphia convention, in 1856,
when these propositions wore incorporated as a
part of the Republican platform. There was the
birth of Republicanism, and there was the birth
of organized sectionalism; its legitimate fruits are
agitation, dissension, alienation, and, finally, dis-
union, in some form or other. In myhonestcon-
vietion, there is to be found the true origin of
disunionism, and there the real responsibility for
that catastrophe.
Mr. President, I desire now to turn the atten-
tion of the Senate to the Republican platform, for
the purpose of showing that the surprise which is
expressed here at the prevalence of the feeling of
resistance in the South ought to have no exist-
ence. The resolution in that platform to which
1 particularly refer is this:
" Resolved, That, with our republican fatheis, we hold
it to be a self-evident truth that all men are endowed with
the inalienable rights toiife.hbeity,and thcpursuitof hap-
pino-s; and that the primary object and ulterior designs of
our Fedeial Government were to secure these rights to all
persons within its exclusive jurisdiction ; that as our re-
publican fathers, when they had abolished slavery in all our
national tonnory, ordained that no person should be de-
piived of life, liberty, or property, without due process of
law, it becomes our duty to maintain this piovision of the
Constitution against all attempts to violate it for the pur-
pose of establishing slaveiy m any Terntoiy of the United
States, by positive legislation, prohibiting its existence or
extension therein. That we deny the authority of Con-
gress, of a Territorial Legislature,-of any individual or as-
sociation of individual-., to give legal cxistcnce to slavery
m any Ten i lory of the United States while the present
Constitution shah be maintained."
There, Mr. President, in my estimation, is the
incorporation into a political platform of prin-
ciples which nuilee up an issue between tin; North
and the South which I lcar is wholly ineeoncli-
able. There is sectionalism in its length and
breadth; and I regict to add , sectionalism largely
impregnated with fanaticism. Who was the au-_
thor of that platform? I think 1 have peon it
stated recently that a distinguished gentleman,
late a member of Congiess from Ohio, Mi. Gid-
dings, claims the honor of having inserted this
plank in the Republican platform. It is a plank
in that platform worthy of that prominent man's
known hostility to southern institutions, lie has
succeeded in incorporating a principle which,
sooner or later, must result in the destruction of
our Federal system of government, unless we enn
return, in truth and in honesty, to the real senti-
ments and patriotism of our fathers who framed it.
JVtr. President, when the principle was incor-
porated into the Republican platform, there was
a distinguished citizen of the State of New York,
then, or soon after, a candidate for the Presidency,
who spoke words of warning on this subject whfeli
it will now be of use to recur to for more pur-
poses than one—I allude to Mr. Fillmore. In his
criticisms upon this party and its organization,
he Ktatod in plain, simple, and few words, the
truth, the whole truth, ami the end of this sec-
tional organization. Listen to him:
•* l)iit we now see a paity organized in the North for the
fust time ^elctmir candidates for President and Vice Pres-
ident exclusively from the noithern States, with the avowed
intention of electing them to govern the youth as well as
the North."
And again:
The North is, beyond al! question, the most populous,
the mo.st wealthy, and ha* tho most voters; and therefore
has the power to inflict this injustice upon the South. 13ut
\\ e fan bo-a judge of it* consequence* In reversing the case.
{Suppose the South was the most populous,the most wealthy,
and possessed the greatest number of electoral votes; and
that it j-hould declare that, lor some fancied or real in-
justice done at the Noith, it would elect none but a Pres-
ident and a Vice President of slaveholders from tile South
to rule over the Noith • do joti think, tellow-emzen-:, you
would -ubmit to this injustice * [•'No !" <kNoi1'] No,
tmiy\ou would nor; but one mavei.-ai cry of"- no P'would
ter.d the skies ! And '-an \ ou .suppose jour southern btPlti-
len k--- sfii-ifnc tluui yourM'lvc.s, or jealous of their
ii^Iin ? If j nu du, let ine tell you that you aie mistaken ;
and \ou must therefore perceive that the success ot such a
party, with such an object, must be*'---
What:
ua dissolution of the Union.
There, Mr. President, is the truth spoken in
plain, unmistakable words. What is the com-
plaint? It is that the majority of the people of one
section of the Union, having the numerical power to
obtain possession of the Government, form them-
selves into a political organization upon principles
thatexcludetheminoritysectionfrom cooperation,
for the purpose of governing that minority section.
That is a spccies of dominion in this case connect-
ed with the aggravating circumstances attending
sectionalism, combined with fanaticism, that no
brave and high-minded people would longenduie.
Hence Mr. Fillmore said truly, when this party
was organized, and organized upon this purely
sectional principle, that the necessary result of its
triumph would be a dissolution of the Union.
His words would have been verified in 1856, but
for the brave and the successful exertions of those
very northern men whom the Senator from Ohio
regards as his mortal enemies. It was the men
of Pennsylvania and of New Jersey and of In-
diana and of Illinois who then averted the catas-
trophe which hung over the country. Mr. Fill-
more's sentiment was responded to throughout
the whole South, and received as a declaration of
patriotism that placed him highm the estimation
of southern men. It was responded to everywhere
as a sentiment worthy of a patriot. Why? That
he was a dissolutionist, a disunionist? No; but
that he saw that it was an act of despotism on the
part of the majority to adopt a principle or prin-
ciples which necessarily made their organization
sectional, ni cessanly excluded the minority from
any actual participation in the Government, and
held them, therefore, as mere subjects, in the event
of the permanent triumph of that organization.
Why can gentlemen express surprise at the
state of things now existing, when we all know
that precisely the same state of things would have
occurred if the Republican party had been suc-
cessful in 1856? The same ground which existed
then exists now in a more aggravated form; for,
in addition to tho same platform substantially, the
candidate placed upon it, in my estimation, makes
the triumph even more offensive than it would
have been in 185G.
Now, Mr. President, let us see what it is in
this platform that is so offensive to the South; for
thereal foundation of our complaint isto be found
here. Gentlemen of the North seem not to com-
prehend this. They even take up the idea thatit
is a mere suspicion that some wrong may be done;
some, that it is merely because we weicdeflated
in the election; because we have lost our candi-
dates; because we have failed in holding the Gov-
ernment which we have held so long, that we
manifest such deep concern. I tell them, in all
candor, that they are mistaken in this. If Mr.
Lincoln had entertained opinions and stood upon
a platform that did not, in our estimation, involve
our final destruction—I mean the destruction of
our southern interests and institutions—we should
have acquicsced in his election as cheerfully as in
that of any other man. What, then, is it in this
platform to which we take exception? The first
thing is, that it recognizes the general principle
that all men are created equal; and, in recogniz-
ing this, asserts, as a fact, that Governments are
made for the purpose of securing alike the rights
of life and liberty and the pursuit of happiness to
the slave and to his owner. That general prin-
ciple, if applied m the States, would liberate four
million slaves. This is a necessary deduction
from the assertion of the principle of the equality
of the two races. But the Republican party, I
must do them the justice to say, do not in their
platform make the application of this general prin-
ciple to the States. They confine it to those
places within which Congress has, according to
the platform of 1856, " exclusive jurisdiction."
Then, the position is this: you concede the't in
the States we have a right to enjoy this piop-
erty, and you profess to be willing thot this con-
stitutional guarantee shall be maintained: yet,
in so doing, you avow a principle to be applied
Jj to all other places within which Congress has
ii juusdiction, which principle fixes a stiqma on
'j every southern man who is the owner of a slave;
| which principle would, if applied, (and which, if
j you had the power, it is fair to infer, you would
! apply,) would set free every slave of the South,
'i Without undo taking to say that this would be
! done without regaid to other consequents than
; the loss of property, yet to a southern mind these
