1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
would suggest the propriety of an adjournment.
We cannot, got through to-night.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 suggest that, if the
amendment of the Senator from Missouri is likely
to take much time, it would be quite as well to
offer it in the Senate. I should like to get the bill
out of committee.
Mr. GREEN. I have no objection; but I un-
derstood the chairman of the Finance Committee
to say he had an individual proposition to offer.
Mr. PEARCE. Certainly. If it be desired to
pass the bill out of committee, I am willing that
it should be done now, and I will offer the only
two amendments I have to offer, in the Senate.
Mr. FESSENDEN. They are to strike out,
rather than .insert, I believe.
Mr. PEARCE, One is to strike out, and the
other is to insert.
Mr FESSENDEN I do not wish to inter-
fere.
Mr. PEARCE. I doubt whether there is a
quorum present; and ifthe Senate wish to adjourn,
1 am willing to yield for that purpose.
Mr. FESSENDEN. As the Senate is so very
thin, and the amendment to be offered by the
Senator from Missouri is so important, as is alst 
that of the Senator from Maryland, if I under-
stand it aright, I suggest that they withhold their
amendments for the present, and let us take the
bill out of committee; and they can move their
amendments in the Senate, and have them decided
there. I think that will save time. 1 should like
to finish the bill to-night, but suppose that is im-
possible.
Mr. PEARCE. I am willing to waive my
amendment until the bill comes into the Senate.
Mr. POWELL. I move that the Senate now
adjourn,
Mr. FESSENDEN. Let us take the bill out
of committee.
Mr. WILKINSON. I have an amendmentto
offer:
*And be it further enacted, That the judge of the disti iot
court tor the thstiiet ot' Minnesota is hereby required to
hold a teun of the said eouit m each year at Mankato, to
commence on the fn t Monday of June, instead of Pieston,
as now icquiu-d by law ; and so much of the act ot Con-
gross approved Maich 3,1859, lequinng the ?aid judge to
hold a teim foi the said court at Treston, is hereby lepealed.
AH there is about it is merely changing the
place of holding the court m that State.
Mr. GREEN. I inquire of the Senator if his
colleague agrees to ii?
Mr. WILKINSON. This amendment applies
only to my portion of the State; and my colleague
does not wish to interfere with it.
Mr. GREEN. Then I have no objection.
Mr. POLK. Will it add to the expense, in any
way, by changing the locality of the clerk's office,
or anything of the kind?
Mr. WILKINSON. Not a cent. It is merely
changing the place. ["All right."]
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SIMMONS. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Claims to report an amendment for the
purpose of carrying out a treaty.
Mr. POWELL. I move that the Senate do
now adjourn.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I ask for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. POWELL. I am perfectly willing to with-
draw the motion, if Senators will take the bill out
of committee.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I want to take it out of
committee as soon as 1 can.
Mr. POWELL. I insist on the motion to
adjourn.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas G, nays 25; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Biglei, Douglas, Johnson of Tennessee,
Nicholson, Paaice, and i'ovvrlj—fi.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Baker, Bingham, Chandler,
Clark, Dixon, Doolittle, Durlcee, Fe&senden, Foot, Fos-ter,
Grimes, Hale, Hailan, Kuig,Lano, Latham, Moirill, Uice,
Simmons, Sumner, Ten Eyck, Wade, Wilkinson, and
Wilson—25.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is no
quorum voting.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It does not require a
quorum to refuse to adjourn.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It does not;
but business cannot go on without a quorum
Mr. FESSENDEN. But there may be a quo-
rum in when the next vote is taken.
I ask for the yeas and
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Some Senators
are present who did not vote
Mr. LATHAM. I hope the Presiding Officer
will see whether a quorum of the Senate is pres-
ent.
Mr. GREEN. I paired off with the Senator
fiom New York, [Mr. Seward,] with the spe-
cial privilege of being allowed to vote, if neces-
sary to make a quorum, not otherwise; and if my
vote will make a quorum, I will vote.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I barely wish to say that
it does not take a majority to refuse to adjourn;
and when the next question is put, there may be
no call for a division, or Senators may come in.
Unless Senators choose to call for a division on
every question that is raised hereafter, we can go
on and do business.
Mr. POWELL. I move again to adjourn. I
sec no necessity for sitting here at this lime in the
evening.
Mr. FESSENDEN.
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. POWELL. I withd raw the motion. I
will state to the Senator from Maine again, that
I am perfectly willing to have this bill taken out
of committee. I withdraw the motion for that
purpose, as I understand the Senator from Rhode
Island will withdraw his amendment.
Mr. SIMMONS. Very well; I will withdraw
my amendment, and offer it in the Senate for the
purpose of facilitating business.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion to
adjourn can be withdrawn only by unanimous
consent, the yeas and nays having been ordered.
The Chair hears no objection.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on concuiring m the amendments made as in
Committee of the Whole.
Mr. POWELL. I move that the Senate ad-
journ.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to act on
the amendments.
Mr. POWELL. I do not think that would be
right. There are a great many Senators absent
who may want to vote on them.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Of course, if any one
wishes to reserve an amendment, it can be done.
Mr. GRIMES. I desire to reserve all those in
relation to post offices.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The pending
motion is that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not understand that
any such motion has been made.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Kentucky made the motion very distinctly.
Mr. POWELL. Yes, sir. I understood the
Senator to wish the bill to be taken out of com-
mittee. It 1ms been taken out.
Mr. FESSENDEN. We may aot on those
amendments that are not objected to. It will take
a very few minutes.
_ Mr. POWELL. I will not withdraw the mo-
tion any more.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I ask for the yeas and
nays.
The -ycfis and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 5, nays 27; as follows:
YEA?—Messrs. Hemphill, Johnson of Tennessee, Nich-
olson, Prnrco, and Powell—5.
NAYS—Messis. Anthony, Baker, Bingham, Chandler,
Ciaik, Dixon, Doolittle, Douifla^, Durkee,Fcsaenclfn,Foot,
Foster, Grimes, f/arjan, King, hano, hath.im, Afornil,
Ilice, Sebastian, Simmons, Sumnei, Ten Eyck, Wade,
Wilkinson, anil Wilson—27.
The PRESSING OFFICER. There is no
quorum voting.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I suspect there may be a
quorum here. I hope there will no objection now
to acting on the amendments, reserving those to
which there arc objections.
IVJr. GREEN. You mean toact on those formal
ones as to which there is no controversy?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Yes, sir.
Mr. BINGHAM. I want a separate vote on
the appropriations for new buildings.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Read them over.
Mr. PEARCE. It is hardly worth while to
read them all. Let gentlemen state the amend-
ments which they want excepted.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The questfon
is, " Will the Senate concur in the amendments
made 'tis in Committee of the Whole?" The
question will be taken on the amendments collect-1
ively; "unless Senators indicate those "which they
wish to except.
Mr. KING. There are not so many that the
Secretary cannot soon read them. I think that
had better be done.
Mr. FESSENDEN. X suppose, as suggested
by the chairman, thatevery gentleman knowswhat
he wants to except.
Mr. SIMMONS. I want to exceptthose amend-
ments which provide for Indian matters. I do not
taow exactly Row many of them were passed.
Mr. KING. I ask that the amendments be
read.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The reading of
the amendments is asked for. They will be read
in course.
The Secretary read the first amendment, which
was to increase the appropriation for the Coast
Survey.
Mr. GRIMES. I except all amendments in
relation to the Coast Survey.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
will be taken on each amendment; and every Sen-
ator can be heard on each amendmentsingly, the
reading of each having been asked for.
Mr. HALE. I do not want to make any op- ^
position; but I desire to know how our Journal
will read if it records that we took a vote and
found no quorum, and yet went on doing busi-
ness, in the face of an- express rule.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It will not appear, I take
it, that no quorum is acting, unless a division is
called to ascertain the fact'.
Mr. HALE. A division has been called; and
it shows the fact.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is on a question of
adjournment.
Mr. HALE. I ask for the reading of the rule.
There is a rule that we can do nothing but adjourn
under such circumstances.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If there is such a rule,
let it be read. I was not aware of anything of
that sort
The PRESIDING OFFICER. In substance,
the rule is that business cannot proceed unless a
quorum be present. That may be ascertained in
various ways; either by bringing Senators in, or
by a count. The Chair apprehends there will be
no difficulty about the Journal.
Mr; DOUGLAS. I suppose the Presiding'Offi-
cer must know that there is a quorum, if the rec-
ord shows there is not one; and he must know
that fact by a count, or some other mode.
Mr. HALE. Let the rule be read.
The Secretary read the 8th rule, as follows:
"8. No member shall absent himself from the service of
the Senate without leave of the Senate first obtained. And
in ease a less number than a quorum of the Senate shall
convene, tliey are hereby authorized to semi the Sergeant-
at-Anns, or any other person or persons by them author-
ized, for any or all absent members, as the majority of such
members present shall agree, at the expense of such absent
members, respectively, unless such cxcuse for non-attend-
ance shall be made as the Senate, when a quorum is con-
vened, shall judge sufficient, and m that case the expense
shall be paid out of the contingent fund. And this rule shall
apply as well to the first convention of the Senate, at the
legal time of meeting, as to each day of the session, after
the hour has arnved to which the Senate stood adjourned."
Mr. SUMNER. There is still another rule.
Mr. PEARCE. It is manifest that there is not
a quorum in the Senate; and at this late hour of
the day, after a hard week's work, it is not worth
while here to detain us longer by reading rules
and sending for members. I move that the Sen-
ate adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, February 23, 1860.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Tiiomas H. Stockton.
The Journal of Thursday was read and appro ved.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Patton, one of their clerks, notifying the
House that the Senate had passed, withoutamend-
ment, bills of the following titles:
An act (H. R. No. 400) for the relief of James
Floyd;
Ail act (H. R. No. 514) for the relief of Sam-
uel G. Green;
An act (H. R. No. 625) for the relief of Cap-
tain Alexander V. Fraser;
