1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
18-7
other consequences are so frightful, that when a
party plants itself on a principle so alarming and
so destructive, if carried out into all its legitimate
results, we can but feel that our security is small
when all wo have to repose upon is the profes-
sions of that party that it will regard our rights
within the States, when the same party tells us
that rights which we regard the same outside of
the Slates, it intends to disregard. This party
promises us, as the inducement to our repose, that
our rights of property in slaves shall not be inter-
fered with in the States, because the Constitution
recognizes those rights. But they refuse to ex-
tend that promise to our rights of property in
slaves outside of the States, although, upon the
authority of the high judicial tribunal of the coun-
try for deciding constitutional questions, we have
exactly the same rights outside of the States,
within thejurisdiction of the Federal Government,
as the owners of any other species'of property
have. They concede our rights in the one case,
because they are expressly recognized by the
Constitution; they deny them in the other, and
in so doing, repudiate the authoritative adjudica-
tion of the Supreme Court.
But, suppose this general principle bo carried
out within those places where Congress has ju-
risdiction: then it will be carried out in this Dis-
trict, for here Congress has jurisdiction; it will
be carried out in the forts and arsenals, for Con-
gress there has jurisdiction; it will be carried out
in the Territories, for Congress there has juris-
diction, Suppose a State makes application for
admission into the Union with the recognition of
slavery in its constitution: is not that another
case within your jurisdiction? And do you not
stand, at least by implication from the principle
you assert, pledged to reject the admission of
such a State?
These are vital points with southern men. Sup-
pose your party gets possession of both branches
of Congress: then, under this platform, and under
your pledge to carry out this general principle of
yours, what guarantee have we, what hope have
we, that this District will not at once be visited
with yourpower? And so of the forts and arsenals
within the slave States. We know that in the
Territories you wouldat once erect an impassable
barrier. We believe that you would exclude
every oihor slave State from the Union. Will
any fair-minded man deny that these measures,
in their practical consequences, work not only to
the prevention of the spread of slavery, but to its
final extinguishment in the States wneieitnow
exists? Will any candid man deny that these
principles and measures arc expected and intended
by the Republican party to result in the universal
emancipation of the slaves?
But, Mr. President, while these measures, if
carried out into practice under the feeling that
you manifest, look, as we honestly believe, to a pe-
riod when they will result naturally, legitimately,
and necessarily, without any violence upon the
Constitution, according to your mode of constru-
ing it, in the final extinction of slavery,—a more
fearful aspect of the case is presented when it is re-
membered that, without any violation of the Con-
stitution, the operation of these measures is to 1
swell the already formidable disparity between the
two sections, by increasing the number of free
States. The same power that will enable you to
carrv outthose measures will enable you to hasten i
the introduction of free States to the number that
will enable you to adopt such amendments to the
Constitution as your party may desire. Is it
strange to you that southern men, looking to the
final catastrophe which they believe is the ulti-
mate end of your organization, shall look to the
period when you obtain the pow<*r to'makc these
amendments as the end of the institution of sla-
very ?
Mr. President, these, in my estimation, arc the
grounds on which the southern mind is now rest-
ing, and upon which the southern people have
come to the settled conviction that the election of
Mr. Lincoln to the Presidency, on the principles
laid down m the Republican platform, is tanta-
mount to a declaration of war against an institu-
tion which, in the South,is identified with all our
interests, with all our happiness, with all our
ptosperity, socially, politically, and materially.
This is oui conviction, and this conviction is
strengthened when we turn to the antecedents,
politically, of the candidate whom you have suc-
ceeded in electing. Against him personally, I have \'<
not a. word to say. lie may be all that his friends '
represent him, and I shall not controvert it; but
the point is, is he a fair representative in his an-
tecedents of these principles and these measures
which we look upon as threatening our institu-
tions. When I turn to his record, I find a most
remarkable coincidence iaali respects between his
position, as deliberately and frequently repeated
by him, and the principle to which I have referred
as constituting the " central idea"of the platform
of the Republican party. Upon a careful exam-
ination of Mr: Lincoln's sentiments, as declared
again and again in his celebrated controversy, in
1858, with Judge Douglas, and other speeches of
his published and relied upon by his friends in the
late contest, in the volume which is before me, I
come to the conclusion that he entertains these
opinions: lie hates slavery as much as an Abo-
litionist hates it; he says so m so many words.
He believes that the slave has the same right to
be protected in his life, liberty, and pursuit of
happiness, as his owner. He believes that man
cannot have property in man without his consent;
that is Mr. Lincoln's " central idea,"his " sheet-
anchor" of Republicanism. He believes that sla-
very is a social, moral, and political evil. He
desires its ultimate extinction. He looks to the
Republican party to adopt and carry out such a
policy, not inconsistent with the Constitution as
he construes it, as will induce the public mind to
repose on the conviction that slavery will be
finally extinguished. I-Ie believes that such a pol-
icy is compatible with the continued existence of
the Federal Union. He believes the Constitution
can be so construed, administered,and executed,
that it will be, ifyiot the instrument, at least no
obstruction to th&,final extinction of slavery.
Now, Mr. President, in the triumph of the Re-
publican party thevfoftve placed in the presidential
chair a President vMo entertains these views, in
strict accordance, I agree, with the principles and
sentiments which characterize his party. In all
seriousness and earnestness, I ask gentlemen on
the other side if it is surprising that the southern
mind is moved, is disturbed, is alarmed at the tri-
umph of a party entertaining these opinions and
at the election of a candidate avowing these senti-
ments ?
The whole import and purport, therefore, of
yourtriumph is plainly this: that you have forced
and-intend to perpetuate a political organization
which must, from its principles, be confined to one
section, and that the stronger section, with the
avowed purpose of so construing and administer-
ing the Constitution as finally to extinguish the
institution of slavery. You have the voting power
to carry out yourprinciples; I mean you have the
voting power in the North, and you have suc-
ceeded in combining that power into a political
organization, and you have taken the first great
steps towards the ultimate accomplishment of
your purpose. You have secured the executive
department of the Government; you ha\e the
whole power and patronage of that Department,
with its millions upon millions of dollars, for the
next four years. Is it, then, surprising, I again
ask, with all these facts, that the southern mind
is disturbed; that the question of disunion is agi-
tated; that the question of secession is the great
absorbing question of the day?
Mr. Piesident, what Mr. Fillmore referred to i
as the great point of danger of this organization,
we have now to look full in the face. The reign
of sectionalism now begins. Under the perma-
nent dominion of the Republican party, what is
the condition of the South? Suppose she con-
tinues to send her representatives here: what is
her condition ? She is nominally represented; ac-
tually, she is without representation. She has no
voice in electing the Executive—none that is
counted; none that is potent. She has no voice
in making the law; for if this sectional majority
chooses to combine in the enactment of laws as
it docs in the election of a President, though every
southern State is here represented and casts its
vote, that vote does not weigh a feather in the
enactment of any law, or in the prevention of its
enactment. In view of consequences like these,
and the commencement of a reign of political sec-
tionalism, rendered doubly terrible from its con-
nection with religious fanaticism, I am imazed
that gentlemen,on the other side, with cool indif-
ference, express their inability to understand why
southern men manifest so much uneasiness and '
so much concern, and meet us with no disposition
to aid in promoting any measure for averting the
calamities that threaten our country.
We are asked to repose quietly, because the
President elect is said to be a conservative man.
I do not believe he intends to violate the Consti-
tution's he construes it; but where is the neces-
sity of his violating it? The measures that he
proposes to carry out, and that party stand pledged
to carry out, require no violation of the Constitu-
tion, as they construe that instrument, for their
ultimate success. It is only a matter of time.
The end may be hastened under the administra-
tion of a fanatical President, and a fanatical Con-
gress, or it inay be delayed with a more conserv-
ative President and Congress; but the result is
fixed; it is inevitable. Mr. Lincoln desires to
place this Government in a condition in which the
public mind will repose upon the conviction that
the institution of slavery is finally to be extin-
guished. What sort of appeal is that to southern
men, whose interests and nappiness are identified
with this institution? What sort of appeal is it
to those men in the extreme South, where not
only all they have is identified with this institu-
tion and is involved in it, but where the lives of
themselves and their families are constantly liable
to be destroyed and sacrificed by some misguided
fanatic or monomaniac, who, feeling restive and
unwilling to await the slow process of the Repub-
lican mode (if liberating the slaves, chooses to
resoit to the torch and to insurrection? Is it not
a most astonishing appeal to make to them, to
say to them, 44 expect you to repose quietly
upon the conviction that in five years, ten years,
twenty years, or thirty years, all that you have
is to be swept away?"
Repose is the great object desired by the South.
It is essential to the peace, happiness, and pros-
perity of her people. To them the constant agi-
tation of the slavery question is full of danger. U
was to secure repose that the South sought for
years, and with earnestness, to secure the recog-
nition of congressional non-intervention as thy
established polieyof the country. Although this
principle has been declared by the Supreme Court
to he the true intent and meaning of the Consti-
tution, we have failed to secure repose, bceausc;
the Republican party repudiated that solemn ad-
judication, and resolved to continue the agitation
of the question until its reversal could be secured.
We can never have repose until the right to hold
slaves as other property is placed beyond discus-
sion and agitation. This can only be accom-
plished by an express constitutional recognition
of that right. It is for that reason that the South
now demends this express recognition as a neces-
sary condition* to a final and satisfactory settle-
ment of the issue between the North and the
South, and to the preservation and perpetuation
of the Federal Union.
Without going outside of your platform and
the declarations of your President elect, we find
ample justification for the feeling now pervading
the southern States. Under a solemn conviction
that the permanent ascendency of a purely sec-
tional organization, looking necessarily, by its
principles, though carried out without violation
of the letter of the Constitution, to the overthrow
of our domestic institutions and the revolutioniz-
ing of all our social relations, the sentiment is
largely, oveiwhelmingly predominant in the south-
ern State.3 that nothing short of full and explicit
and unalterable constitutional guarantees can avert
a disruption of the Confederacy. I admit that
there, are some who, while they deprccaic the
result of the election as a fearful calamity, yet,
from their ardent devotion to the Union and their
dread of the sad consequences of its dissolution;
are willing to acquiesce so far as to waitforsome
open act of aggression on the part of the new Ad-
ministration. I confess that I do not look for dan-
ger so much in open aggressions as ihe insidious
and covert attacks upon our rights. According
to my information and observation, this portion
of the southern people constitutes a meager mi-
nority. No State in the Confederacy has been
more conservative in its sentiments or more earn-
estly attached to the Federal Union than that
which I represent in part. To a just, constitu-
tional Union that attachment is as ardent and as
earnest to-day as it ever was. But the late elec-
tion has been followed by the wide-spread con-
