1148
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 23,
An act (H. R. No. 678) for the relief of Sam-
uel Perry; and
An act (H. R. No. 996) for the relief of Azel
Spalding.
Also, that the Senate had passed resolutions
and bills of the following titles; in which he was
instructed to ask the concurrence of the House:
A resolution (No. 45) authorizing1 the issue of
the same quota of arms to the State of Califor-
nia for the years 1850 and 1851 as was issued to
that State for the year 1852.
A resolution (No. 64) for the appointment of
regents of the Smithsonian Institution; and
An act (No. 502) for the relief of Taylor Dud-
ley, of Minnesota.
Also, that the President of the United States
has notified the Seriate that he did, on the 18th
instant, approve and sign bills of the following
titles:
An act (S. No. 125) for the relief of John
Peebles;
An act (S. No. 274) for the relief of Townsend
Harris; and
An act (S. No. 154) for the relief of Randall
WILLIAM IIAYNIE.
Mr. STOKES. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to discharge the Committee of the
Whole from the further consideration of House
. bill No. 177, for the relief of William Haynie. It
is a bill for the benefit of one of my constituents,
and it is the last favor 1 have to ask of the House.
The bill, which was read, directs the Secretary
of the Interior to pay to William Haynie, admin-
istrator of Ann Haynie, deceased, the. difference
between ^380, to which she was entitled, and
$159, which she received.
It appears from the report that William Haynie
served three years in the Revolution, certainly,
and probably live. lie served one year as adju-
tant, and two years as private, ensign, and lieu-
tenant. His widow was married to him prior to
the commencement of the revolutionary war. He
died 25th of August, 1825, and his widow died
10th of November, lcJ43. The Pension Office al-
lowed her $J59 per annum from 4th of March,
1831, to her decease; but she was entitled to $380
per annum.
Mr. CRAIG 111, of North Carolina. I would
inquire of the gentleman the number of ycats
over which tlrs difference of pay extends?
Mr. STOKES. Only twelve years.
No objection being made, the bill was brought
before the llous<> fur consideration, was ordered
to be engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. STOKES moved to reconsider the vote by
which the Uil was passed; and also moved to lay
the motion to jeconsider on the table.
Tlie latter motion was agreed to.
COMPROMISE RESOLUTIONS.
Mr. TRAIN presented to the House the peti-
tion of some four hundred citizens of Lowell,
Massachusetts, praying for an adjustment of our
national di/Hcukics upon the basis of the Critten-
den compromise; which was laid on the table.
Mr. ELIOT. I ask the unanimous consent of
the House to discharge the Committee of the
Whole from House bill No. 501.
OllKCON WAR. UBBT, ETC,
Mr. THOMAS, i cail for the regular order of
business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is the bill for the paymentof the Oregon and
Washington war debt.
Mr. ELIOT. I ask to have my motion en-
tered.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot receive
that motion at present—not until the regular or-
der of business is disposed of. Then the gentle-
man will be entitled to the floor.
The bill for the payment of the Oregon and
Washington war debt was then taken up; and the
first question was upon the amendment reported
by the Committee on Military Affairs, as amended,
to the bill of the Senate.
Mr. EIASKIN caiied for the yeas and nays
upon the adoption of the amendment.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. STO(JT demanded the previous question
upon the third reading of the bill.
The previous question was seconded; and the
main question ordered to be put.
The bill was then ordered to a third reading;
and it was accordingly read the third time.
Mr. STANTON called the previous question
upon the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question oraered to be put.
Mr. STOUT called for the yeas and nays upon
the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BURNETT. If 1 understand it, the bill,
as it now stands, is the bill reported by the Mili-
tary Committee.
The SPEAKER. The bill reported by the
Military Committee as amended, upon the mo-
tion of the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I move to
lay the bill upon the table.
Mr. SHERMAN. I trust the gentleman will
allow us to have a direct vote upon the passage
of the bill. That will save time.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I have no
objection to that; and I withdraw my motion.
The question was then put; and it was dccided
in the affirmative—yeas 90, nays G3; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Green Adams, Adiain, Aldtich, Ashley,
Blake, Botelor, Bouligny, Bmj ton, IJngg?, Hnstow, Buffm-
ton, liurch, ttuihngnme, Burnett, Campbell, Case, John B.
Clark, Claik B. Cochrane, CoM.ix, Corwni, Covodc, Cur-
tis, II. Winter Davi*, Dawes, Delano, Ducll, Dunn, Edcer-
ton, Edvvauls, Eliot, Fenton, Florence, Fouke, Fiench,
Gooch, Gtow, Hamilton, J. Moiihon Hams, Ilelnnck,
William Howard, William A. Ilowaid, Hughes, Hutching
Irvine, Junkiiij Fiancis W. KeiIo<r?, Kenvon, Iviigoie, Lar-
rnbee, DeWitt C Leach, Lee, Maclay, Mallory, Marston,
MoClernand, McKonty, McKnight, MilUvard, Laban T.
Moore, IVIoorhead, Morse, Ne^on, Nixon, Noeil, Pettit,
Peyton, Ri^, Christopher Robinson, Scott, Scranton,
Stanton. Stevenson,William Stewart, Stout, Stratton, Tap-
pan, Thayei, Tiain, Valiant! isjtmm, Vance, Veirce, Wade,
Waldion, Cadwn'ndor C. Washburn, Ellihu B. Wash-
burnc3 Webster, Whiteley, Windoni, Wood, and Wood-
son—90.
NAYS — Me^rs. William O. Anderson, Avery, P,nrr,
Blair, Bial^on, Btown, Butnham, Butterlkld, Carry, Gar-
ter, Conkhii", John G. Davis, De.Tainetm, Edmiind^on,
Ely, Ethei ids?e, Feuv, Gtlmor, Giaham, (JurJey, Iia^km,
H.mon, Hickman, llo.ud, Jeukms, Killmsjvr, Ktmkel,
Jaine^ M. Leach, Leake, Lo^an, Loomw, Lovejoy, Elbert
S. Martin, Mr-Kean, jVIePherson, Oim, Palmer, I'eiry,
Phelp-s, Pottei, Pottei, Pottle, Piyor, Ctuarle*. Edwin it.
Reynolds, John II Reynolds, Janie* <\ Robnwm,
Rufiin, Ilur«t, Sedgwick, Sherman, Spnuldinjr, Spm'wr,
Steven?, Stoker, Thomas Tompkins, Walton, Wells, Wil-
son, VVoodrutl, and Wrijjhl—6J.
So the bill was passed.
Duiing (he call of the roll,
Mr. CASE stated that Air. 1'i.vghah was con-
fined to his room by indisposition.
Mr. TRAIN stated that Mr. Cox was detained
from the House by sickness, and had paired off
with Air. Rice, who is also confined to his house
by sickness.
Mr. IIALE stated that he had paired off with
Mr. Maynard; otherwise, he should vote " ay."
Mr. HARRIS, of Virginia, stated that he was
paired off with Mr. Anderson, of Missouri, upon
this vote; otherwise, he would vote m the nega-
tive.
Mr. HOWARD, of Ohio, stated that his col-
league, Air. Allen, had been called home to Ohio,
by reason of sickness in his family.
Mr. FRANK*stated that he had paired off upon
this voto with Air. Niblacx.
Mr. STANTON stated that Air. Thimble was
confined to his room by severe indisposition.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM said: Alycolleague,
Mr. Pendleton, is still detained at home by the
sickness of his father. Aly purpose originally
was to vote against this bill; but I am satisfied,
upon reflection, that it is wiser, juster, and more
economical that claims of this chaiactur should
be paid early and promptly. I therefore vote
u ay."
Air. PERRY stated that his colleagues, Air.
Foster and Air. Coburn, were absent by mason
of their attendance upon the peace conference.
Air. POITLE stated that Mr, Van Wyck was
detained from the House by indisposition.
The result was announced as above recorded.
Air. STOUT moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved to lay
the motion to rcconsider on the table.
.The latter motion was agreed to.
PRESERVATION OF THE PEACE.
Air. AlcCLERNAND called for the* regular
order of busines.
The SPEAKER stated that the regular order
of business was a motion to suspend the rules to
introduce a resolution authorizing the purchase
of the debates of Congress for members of the
House and Senate.
Mr. WOODSON. I ask the gentleman from
Illinois to allow me a moment to introduce a bill.
Air. CURTIS. I object.
Mr. WOODSON. I hope the gentleman from
Iowa will do me the courtesy to allow me to in-
troduce a bill.
Mr. CURTIS. Is it merely for reference?
Mr. WOODSON. Only that it may be laid on
the table and printed.
Mr. CURTIS. And not to put it upon its pas-
sage ?
Mr. WOODSON. No, sir.
Mr. CURTIS. Then I withdraw my objection.
The bill was then introduced; which was read
by its title, as follows: A bill to preserve the
public peace.
Mr. WOODSON. I ask that the bill be read
for information; and then I will move that it be
laid on the table, and printed.
Air. CAMPBELL. I call for the regular order
f)f business.
Mr. WOODSON I have the floor. I an-
nounced the fact that, after the bill was read, I
would move that it be laid on the table, and printed.
I now ask for the reading of the bill.
Mr. CURTIS. I object.
Mr. WOODSON. It is very brief. It is a bill,
the title of which, it seems to me, should com-
mend it to eveiy man in this House.
Air. CURTIS. Let the title be read; and then
let the bill be referred, and printed. The gentle-
man did not ask for anything more.
Mr. WOODSON. If gentlemen are unwilling
to hear a bill which is intended to preserve the
public peace, let them say so.
Mr. CURTIS. The gentleman knows I am
for peace; but the gentleman said he only wanted
to introduce the bill, that it might be referred and
printed.
Mr. WOODSON. It will not take live minutes
to read it.
Air. AlcCLERNAND. Let us hear it.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to the
reading of the biil?
Several Members objected.
Mr. WOODSON moved that the bill be laid
upon the table, and oidered to be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
DEBATES OF CONGRESS.
Air. McCLERNAND. I now call for thereg-
ular order of business.
The SPEAIvER. The business first in order
is the motion to suspend the rules for the intro-
duction of a resolution—a joint resolution author-
izing the purchase of the achates of Congress, to
furnish to members who have not heretofore re-
ceived them.
Mr. PETTIT. How does that resolution get
before us >
The SPEAKER. It was submitted some time
ago; and the question now is on the suspension of
the rules in order to introduce it. It is now taken
up in its regular order.
Air. BOCOCK. Is it a joint resolution ?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. CRAlCrE, of North Carolina. I demand
the yeas and nays on the suspension of the rules.
Air. SHERMAN. This resolution involves a
large amount of money, and I hope that the yeas
and nays will be ordered.
Air. McCLERNAND. The gentleman is mis-
taken. It only provides for the disbursement of
money which has been already appropriated.
Air. CAREY. Are these books printed ?
Air. AlcCLERNAND. They are. The money
for these books, I will state further, was appropri-
ated years ago; and it is now in the hands of the
Clerk.
Mr. CRAIGrE, of North Carolina. The act
giving increased compensation to members of
Congress, provided, as I understand it, that this
voting of books to members should cease. I know
that it was the understanding at the time that there
should be no appropriations of this sort. The
record will bear me out.
Air. AlcCLERNAND. I differ with the gen-
tleman from North Carolina on that point. It
was never intended to cut off the printing of the
