1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1140
Globe, -which contains the official record of our
debates.
Mr. SHERMAN. Iwantsimplytoinformthe
House that, under the operation of the members'
compensation act, if this resolution be passed,
these books will be charged to the members.
Mr. McCLERNAND. Not at all.
Mr. SHERMAN. Although this money was
appropriated a long time ago,g&ntlemen ought to
know that it has gone back into the general fund.
Let me ask the gentleman how much his resolu-
tion will cost the Government?
Mr. McCLERNAND. The statements of the
gentleman are erroneous.
Mr. SHERMAN. How much will it cost?
Mr. McCLERNAND. Thirty or forty thou-
sand dollars. Thirty thousand is in the hands of
the Clerk, and has not lapsed into the Treasury.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is not in the hands of the
Clerk, but in the Treasury.
Mr. McCLERNAND. It has been appropri-
ated for the payment of these books.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 44, nays 111; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Green Adams, Aldrich, Ashley, Avery,
Bariet, Boteler, Bribtow, Bureh, John B. Ciaik, John Coch-
rane, Conkling, Curtis, Duell, English, Florence,' Foulce,
Hmdman, William Howard, Francis YV. Kellogg, William
Kellogg, Kenyon, Kilgore, Lairabee, Logan, Maclay, El-
bert S. Martin, McClcinand, McKean, Montgomeiy, Morse,
Nelson, Niblack, Ohn, Edwin R. Reynolds, John II. Rey-
nolds, Royce, William Stewart, Stout, Waldron, Walton,
Wil&on, Wmdom, and Woodson—44.
NAYS—Messrs. Charles F. Adams, William C. Ander-
son, Babbitt, Barr, Beale, Blair, Blake, Bocoek, Brabson,
Branch, Brayton, Brown, Buftmton, Burnham, Campbell,
Caiey, Clark B. Cochrane, Colfax, Corwin, Conway, Co-
bnrn, Covode, Burton Craige, John G. Davis, Dawes, De
Jarnette, Delano, Edgerton, Edmundson, Edwatd*, Eliot,
Fenton, Ferry, Frank, Gainett, GUmei, Gooch, Giaham,
Gjow.Guiley, J. Momson Harris, John T. Harm, Haskin,
Hattoh, Holmick, Hickman, Humphrey, Ilntcluns, Irvine,
Jenkins, Junkin, Killmgcr, Kunkel, DeWitt C. Leach,
James M. Leach, Lovejoy, Maliory, Mai&ron, Charles 1).
Martin, MclOnty, McKnight, McPheison, Million, Laban
T. Moore, Moorhead, Morrill, Edward Joy Morns, Nixon,
Noell, Palmer, Ferry, Pettit, Phelps, Porter, Potter, Pottle,
P yor, Q,uarles, Rigg1*, Cluistophei Ilohmson, Rust, Sctan-
ton, Sedgwick, Sheiman, Sickles, Simms, William N. 11.
Smith, Spaulding, Spinnei, Stanton, Stevens, Stevenson,
Stokes, Stratton, Tappan, Theakcr, Thomas, Tompkin",
Tiam, Vallandigham, Vance, Verree, Wade, Cadwalader
C. Washbuni, Elhhu B. Washburne, Wells, Wluteley,
VVm.slow, Wood, Woodiufl", and Wnght—111.
So the House refused to suspend the rules for
the introduction of the resolution.
During the vote,
Mr. QUARLES stated that his colleague, Mr.
Maynard, was paired with Mr. Hale, of Penn-
sylvania. !
On motion of Mr. SHERMAN, the reading of
the list was dispensed with.
The vote was announced, as above recorded.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. THEAKER, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that they had examined and
found truly enrolled biils of the following titles;
when the Speaker signed the same:
An act (H.R. No.514) for the relief of Samuel
S. Green;
An act (H. R. No. 625) for the relief of Cap-
tain Alexander V. Fraser;
An act (H. R. No. 400) for the relief of James
Floyd;
An act (H. R. No. 678) for the relief of Sam-
uel Perry; and
An act (II. R.No. 996) for the relief of Azel
Spalding.
TARIFF.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask leave to introduce
the following resolution:
Resolved, That House lull No 338, with Sen ue amend-
ments, r>e taken from the Speaker's table, and that it be
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, to be considered as a special ordei ; that gen-
oial debate on it leimmate within ten minutes alter it is
eonsidi-'jod. and that the Mouse now le&olve itself into
committee on the same bill.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. That bill is not
printed.
Mr. SICKLES. I object. Let the bill be
printed.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senate amendments
will be printed and distributed before wecan make
much progress with them in the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union. The amend-
ments are all very simple, and can easily be under-
stood when read from the Clerk's desk. If gen-
tlemen are willing to give the means of raising
revenue this is the time to do it.
Mr. SICKLES. I protest against it. I hope
the vote taking up this bill will be deemed a test
vote.
Mr, GARNETT. Is it in order to demand the
reading of the bill ?
The SPEAKER. The bill is not before the
House.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. How many amend-
ments are there?
The SPEAKER. One hundred and fifty-six.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is House bill No. 338, to
provide for the payment of outstanding Treasury
notes, to authorize a loan, and to regulate antTfix
duties on imports, and for other purposes.
Mr. SICKLES. I call for the reading of the
bill before any vote is taken on it, I have the
right to have it read.
The SPEAKER. The bill is not before the
House.
Mr. SICKLES. I ask for the reading of the bill.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has no right
to demand the reading of the bill until it is before
the House.
Mr. SICKLES. "With the utmost respcct, I
appeal from that decision. We cannot vote until
we know what it is we are voting on.
Mr. MONTGOMERY. I move that the ap-
peal be laid upon the table.
Mr. STEVENSON. How can any member
upon this floor vote, understandingly, whether he
will sustain the motion of the gentleman from
Ohio or not, unless he is entitled to have the bill
read ? I inquire of the Chair, whether I am to be
compelled, as a member of this House, to vote
blindly upon this motion? Must 1 vote on a bill
without knowing what it contains?
Mr. HOWARD,of Michigan. I rise to a ques-
tion of order. The motion that the appeal be laid
upon the table is not debatable.
Mr. SICKLES. I ask that a paragraph of the
Manual be read.
Mr. PHELPS. I desire to make a suggestion
to the House. I am willing to consider the amend-
ments of the Senate to the tariff bill; but we can-
not consider them understandingly until they are
printed. Let us discuss the general principles
until the amendments are printed. 1 have no de-
sire to throw obstacles m the way. If gentlemen
on the other side want to pass this bill, with them
is the responsibility, I want a recorded vote on it.
Mr. SHERMAN. Gentlemen can haveavote
on every amendment, by yeas and nays, if they
choose. I only want the bill put in a position
where it may be consuleied. The bill is not be-
fore us, but the Senate amendments are, and I
want them disposed of.
Mr. SICKLES. I ask the Clerk io read a par-
agraph of Barclay's Digest of the Rules which I
have maikcd.
The Clerk read, as foilo'ws:
•c Wheie paper* ate laid befoie the Hon*c or rcferied to
a committee, every member has a right to have them once
lead at the table hoioie he can boeomptlled to vote on j
them , and thisapplies to the leading oi'papeisoua motion
to refer them "
Mr. SICKLES. Now, sir,under that author-
ity, I demand the reading of the proposition on
which I am to vote.
Mr. HOWARD, of Michigan. The bill and
amendments ar<- not before the House.
The SPEAKER. We are not now consider-
ing the bill at all. When the bill conies up, the
rule to which the gentleman refers will apply.
We are now acting on a motion to suspend the
rules to take up a resolution.
Mr. SICKLES. The resolution is in effect a
motion to rufei the bill; and under the authority
which I have had read, before the vote is taken
on the motion to suspend the rules, the bill which
the resolution proposes to take up must be rend.
Mr* SHERMAN. The motion is to suspend
the rules, to introduce the resolution which I
offered.
Mr. Sherman's resolution was again read.
Mr. SICKLES. Now, sir, that resolution in-
volves the bill.
Tiie SPEAKER. The Chair decides that the
gentleman has no right to call for the reading of
the bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. After the rules shall have
been suspended, the gentleman will have a right
to call for the reading of the amendments.
Mr. SICKLES. No, sir; the bill is involved
in the motion to suspend the rules.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE, f wish to be per-
mitted to suggest, for the consideration of the
gentleman from Ohio and of the House, that this
bill has just come to us from the Senate, and that
the amendments have not been printed. They
are not only unknown to us, but they are un-
known to our constituencies.
Mr. SHERMAN. The bill itself was printed
long ago, and the bill as it now stands, with the
Senate amendments, will be printed before the
general debate closes.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. If the gentleman
from Ohio will consent to make this bill the spe-
cial order for Monday, he will expedite the mat-
ter instead of protracting it.
Mr. GROW. There is a special order for
Tuesday.
Mr. FLORENCE. I object to further debate^
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order. The
question is on the motion to suspend the rules.
Mr. SICKLES. I demand the yeas and naya
on that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was'taken; and there were—yeas
122, nays 49; as follows:
YEAS— Messrs. Charles F. Adams, Green Adams, Ad-
rain, Aldrich, Alley, William C. Anderson, Ashley, Bab-
bitt, Beale, Bingham, Blair, Blake, Bouligny, Brayton,
Bristow, Bufhntoii, Burhngame, Butteriield, Campbell,
Carey, Clark B. Cochrane, Colfax, Coupling, Conway, Cor-
win, Covode, Curtis, Dawes, Delano, Dimmiek, Duell,
Dunn, Edgerton, Eliot, Ely, Etheridge, Fenton, Perry/'Flor-
ence, Frank, Gilmer, Gooch, Graham, Grow, Gurley, Hale,
Hamilton, J. Morrison Harris, Haskin, Hatton, Helmick^
Hickman, Hoard, Wilham A. Howard, Hutchins, Irvine,
Junkin, Francis W. Kellogg, William'Kello?g, fcenyon,
Kiigoie, Killmgcr, DeWitt U. Leach, Lee, Longnecker,
Loom is, Lovejoy, Malloiy, Marston, MeKcan, MeKenty,
McKmght, McPherson, Mill ward, Montgomeiy, Laban T.
Mooie, Moorhead, Morrill,Edward Joy Mollis, Morse, Nel-
son,Nixon, Olfn, Palmer,Perry, Pettit, Porter, Potter, Pot-
tle, Edwin It. Reynolds, John if. Reynolds, Biggs, ChnsK*-
phei llobmson, Royce, Scranton, Sedgwick, Sherman,
Spauldmg, Stanton, Stevens, William Stewart, Stokes,
Stout, Stratton. Tappan, Thayer, Theaker, Tompkins,
'J1!am, Verree, Wade, Waldron, Walton, Cadwalader C.
Washburn, Elhhu B.Wabhburne, Webster, Wells, Wilson,
Wmdom, Wood, and Woodruff—122.
NAYS—Messis. Barr, Batret, Bocock, Boteler, Brabson,
Bianch, Bnggs, Hoiace F. Clark, John B. Clark, John
Cochrane, Burton Ciaige, John G. Davis, Do Jarnette, Ed-
nmndson, English, Fouke, Garnett, John T. Harris, Wil-
liam Howard, Jenkins, Kunkel, Larrabee, JamesM.Leach,
Logan, Maclay, Charles* D. Mrm.ni, Elbeit S. Martin, Mc-
Clernand, Million,'Niblack, Peyton, Pryor, Quarles, James
C. Robinson, Ruflin, Rust, Scott,Sieklcs, Simms, William
N. il. Smith, Spinner, Stevenson, Thomas, Valiandigham,
Vance, WhneJoy, Wmsiow, Woodson, and Wright—49.
So (two thirds voting in favor thereof) the rules
were suspended.
During the roll-call,
Mr. CURTIS stated that Mr. Vandever was
absent from the House in attendance upon the
peace conference.
Mr. BURNETT stated that, if he had beens
within the bar when his name was called, he should
have voted " no."
MESSAGE PROM THE PRESIDENT.
A message was received from the President, by
A. J. Glossbrenner, his Private Secretary, in-
forming the House that he had approved and
signed a joint resolution giving the assent of Con-
giess to certain acts passed, or to be passed, by
the Legislatures of the States of Arkansas, Louis-
iana, and Texas, or any two of them, in relation
to the raft of Red river, and for other purposes;
and an act making appropriations for the naval
service for tho year ending 30th June, 1862. Also,
communicating to the House a message in writing.
THE TARIFF AGAIN.
Mr. SHERMAN. I now move the previous
question on the adoption of the resolution.
Mr. SICKLES. I hope the gentleman will not
insist upon going intocommittee on this bill when
there are one hundred and fifty-six Senate amend-
ments, which have never been printed. 1 move
that the House do now adjourn.
Mr. SHERMAN. The best way to filibuster
would be to have the bill read.
Mr. SICKLES. You will not allow the bill to
be read; the amendments have not been printed;
and we must defend ourselves the best way we
can. I ask the yeas and nays on the motion to
adjourn.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The House refused to adjourn*
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I wish to say a
