1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
189
eminent was formed, and who, for reasons like
these, claim the right to resume her delegated
sovereignly, or to seek for redress or self-proser-
vation in revolution, I cannot consent to make
■war, unless the subjection of such State is imper-
atively demanded for the general welfare and
safety of the other members of the Federal Gov-
ernment. In every such case, the interests of the
States remaining in the Union, as well as those of
the State proposing to withdraw, must be involved.
Both parties to the case have rights to look to, and
obligations to discharge; all the surrounding cir-
cumstances must be examined with an eye to all
the consequences. It would require a stiong case
to inducc me to incur all the horrors of a civil war,
either to cxccute the laws against the people of a
sovereign State, or to conquer such people to their
former allegiance. 1 cannot forget that the Union
was not formed by force, and I know it can never
be maintained and perpetuated by force. Resting
on fraternal feelings among its members it was
created. If it is to be preserved, it must be done
by the persuasive but efficient instrumentalities of
kindness, forbearance, patience, and fraternity.
If South Carolina stood alone in this crisis, I
would see no blood spilled to coerce her; but
knowing, as vvc all do, that in the grievances on
which she is taking so responsible a step, four-
teen of the other members of the Confederacy are
strongly sympathizing with her, and are earnestly
considering what measures for redress and safety
they will adopt, it cannot be doubted for a moment
that war upon South Carolina would involve the
entire Confederacy in the conflict, and destroy
forever all hope of either preserving or recon-
structing the Federal Union. In this connection,
I do not pause to contemplate the horrors of the
civil war that would follow an attempt to cocrce
South Carolina. If nothing else can be saved; if
the Union must perish; if the members of the
Confederacy must be severed, let us, at least, save
the biood of our countrymen.
Instead of considering the question of warupon
one of our sister States, it rather becomes us, the
representatives of the other sisters of the Con-
fedeiacy, to elevate our thoughts, oui feelings,
our hearts, into the atmosphere of a pure and
unadulterated patriotism, and from that elevation
look down with calmness, with kindness, with
unprejudiced minds, upon the causes which have
impelled South Carolina to this fearful experi-
ment, and which are impellingfourteen other sov-
ereign States to seek for remedies for great evils
with which they feel they are threatened; and
upon this view to see whether it is not possible
for us to find a peaceful and effectual solution of
the frightful catastrophe of civil war and destruc-
tion of our Government which is impending over
us. It surely cannot be that the people of fifteen
States aic so deeply moved and so painfully in-
tent upon having additional securities for their
rights m the Union without some just and sub-
stantial cause for their grievances and their de-
mands. If the people of the other States can see
no ground for this alarming state of things, or if,
seeirtg it, they arc resolved finally and unalterably
that they cannot accede to the demands for guar-
antees, tlu*n it will become us to look,the conse-
quence full in the face; that consequence is, that
there is an antagonism of interest, or of senti-
ment, between the dominant parly in the North
and the people of the South, which is wholly and
entirely irreconcilable, and which must end in
separation, either violently or peacefully. I am
not willing yet,asdiscouraging as are all the pres-
ent signs, to admit the existence of such a irrec-
oncilable antagonism. I do fear that, so far as
the decision of the question depends upon us
here, now, there is scarcely a ray of hope for a
favorable solution. What then? Shall we make
up our mmds thatall is lost; that civil war is in-
evitable; that physical force must settle the con-
flirt, and that the work of blood shall commence
in South Carolina? I trust in God that if we can-
not agree upon a remedy for the evils thatalready
overwhelm us, we can at leastagree to buch meas-
ures of forbearance and conciliation as will allow
an appeal to the people of the North before we
superadd to them the horrors of a civil war. If
we must see the Union perish, let us at least re-
solve that we will bury it in peace and with blood-
less hands. If we cannot agree to live together
in harmony as brotheis of one Confederacy, let
us separate in peace, showing, by our justice to
each other in the act of separation, that we are
determined so to live as neighbors that the hope
of a future.reconstruction of our Confederacy,
and of the resurrection at no distant day of our
Federal Union to an immortality of grandeur and
prosperity, may not be forever destroyed.
Mr. DOOL1TTLE. Mr. President, 1 do not
desire, if we can arrive at a vote upon this ques-
tion, to occupy the time of the Senate. I intend,
at some time, to make some observations upon
the resolutions pending before the Senate. One
word, however, in relation to Kansas. I believe,
sir, that the admission of Kansas is the immediate
duty of.Congress, and is more likely to give peace
and quiet to the slavery agitation than any other
measure. We had peace before the repeal of the
Missouri compromise, by which repeal the Ter-
ritory of Kansas was opened to a fearful struggle
—a struggle for years. Happily it is now ended,
so far as Kansas is concerned. When admitted
into the Union, we shall have peace. Non-inter-
ference by the Federal Government, or by free-
State men, against slavery in the States; and non-
interference by the Federal Government, or by
slaveholders, against freedom in the Territories,
is peace. It was the ripening of Kansas to sla-
very which brought strife; its admission as a free
State will end the struggle, and restore peace.
Mr. COLLAMER. Mr. President, I propose
to confine my remarks entirely to the question on
the bill before us for the admission of Kansas;
nor do I propose to take a very long time in open-
ing the subject.
This bill was passed by the House of Repre-
sentatives by a very large majority at the last ses-
sion. It came to the Senate, and was referred to
the Committee on Territories. The Committee
on Territoues differing in opinion on.the subject,
came to no conclusion, and of course no majority
or minority report was made in relation to it.
The bill was merely reported back to the Senate.
It therefore is now a question on the passage of
the bill. Some debate was had on this subjectat
the last session, and it was finally deferred by the
Senate preferring to take up and dispose of other
subjects, which I suppose they iooked on as more
important.
Then having no report in relation to it, per-
haps I shall be not only justified, butcalled upon,
to make some general statement in relation to it.
I am not disposed, Mr. President, to go into the
history of the transactions in Kansas, nor to un-
dertake to account for the troubles which have
been connected with that Tenitory. It is not
necessaiy to the disposition of the question which
we have before us. The people of Kansas have
formed this constitution. They have formed it
with a vciy great degree of unanimity. They
have ratified it. on its being presented to them by
a majority of, I believe, something more than two
to one. I have never heard any suggestion but
that the convention was legally and fairly and
propeily selected, and fully deliberated on the
.! subject. Their deliberations resulted in forming
'j this constitution, which was submitted to thepeo-
|| pie, and which has been ratified by them, and is
I; now presented here for ratification on the part of
Congress.
Now, Mr. President, in the exercise of the power
of admitting Territories as States, which is a dis-
cretionary power, there has generally been a very
great degree of liberality on the partot Congress.
It has generally been considered that a territorial
condition of the people was far from a natural one
in our Government. It is not m its nature a pop-
ular Government. In the freest forms which have
been given to it, its executive is not appointed by
its people, and its judiciary is not appointed by
its people. Two great departments of the gov-
ernment are out of their hands. The legislative
|| department has been sub modo committed to the
hands of the people, subject at the same time to
have their action vetoed by the voice of a Gov-
ernor appointed by the President of the United
States. This is the condition of the people in a
Territory in the most liberal form of territorial
government. It is certainly not one which it is
desirable to continue longer than is absolutely
necessary. In almost all eases whete the Terri-
toiies have heretofore applied to Congress forad-
mission, I say Congress has generally admitted
them with great liberality until you come to this
one of Kansas. Here there has been difficulty at
various stages of it. Different constitutions have
been presented, and different measures taken. J
will not go into them.
There was an act passed called the English bill,
by which they were admitted as a State on eon*
ditions. Certain subjects were returned to them
with their constitution, which was called the .Le-
compton constitution-, and if they agreed to them
by a vote of the people, they were to be admitted
asaState. They were submitted to them,and they
did notagree to them. Now, underthatbill there
wasaprovisionthatunless they agreed to them and
took measures to ratify the constitution, they
should not be admitted until they had a number
of people such as would entitle them to a Repre-
sentative in Congress. That is the substance of
it, I believe. The Wyandotte constitution,-which
we have now before us, was made by that people,
as I have said, by a convention, and, as 1 insist,
they have that population.
The first material element to be considered in
the formation of a Territory into a State, is that
they have the proper amount of population. Mr«
President, the Senate and the House of Repre-
sentatives, three years ago, agreed that Kansas
had population enough to be admitted under the
Lecompton constitution. They would not make
a point but what they had enough then. The
question is, have they enough now? I do not
consider that Congress has any power practically,
as they attempted to do in that English bill, to
prevent another Congress from exercising their
discretion in the admission of that Territory.
They could not put limitations on the power of
Congress in the exercise of their discretion of ad-
mitting that as a State as well as any other. But
no matter, Mr. President; I insist that in fact this
Territory has come up in point of population to
that requirement. The census has been taken;
and I have a certificate from the Census bureau
in relation to it. I will here observe that the west-
ern boundary of the proposed State of Kansas
lies a little west, by a certain line of longitude, of
what is called the sixth meridian. That is a meri-
dian fixed for the purposes of the surveys of the
public lands; and the line of the State is a little
west of that meridian. Here is the certificate from
the Census bureau in relation to the population of
Kansas:
Census Office, Department of the Interior,
Washington, December 7, I8ti0.
Sir : 1 have the honoi to inf&rni you, in reply to your
Inquuy relative to the population of Kansas, that returns
have been received from all the territory lying ea*t of the
Mxth principal meridian—which is a little east of the west-
ern boundaiy fixed la the constitution—the total popula-
tion of which is ascertained to bo approximately one hun-
dicdand nine thousand four bundled. No returns have
reached the Census office giving the population west of that
line, and, of couiac, none fiom the Pike's Peak region.
The bonndanes observed are those established by the ter-
ritorial act organizing Kansas Territory.
Very lespectfuiiy, your obedient seivant,
JOHNC.G KENNEDY, Superintendent.
Hon. Jacob Collamek, United States Senute.
It appears that the population there no wamounts
to one hundred and nine thousand, in round num-
bers. That does not include quite all. Therein
a small amount of settlement, perhaps near a thou-
sand, west of this line, to the west of the line of
the Sute. I do not know precisely what the ap-
portionment may bo under the new census; but
certain it is that they have a population which
would entitle this district of country now, if with-
in a State, to one Representative; and so it would
in the next Congress,because the next Congress
is to be elected upon the same apportionment;
members have been elected in many of the States
already on the same apportionment that we have
for the present Congress. They have, then, by
the existing law, ami for the existing Congress,
and for the Congress elect, to commence on the
4th of March next, the necessary population to
entitle them to a Representative in Congress.
Thus, I think, in point of population they come
within the requirement, even if we say that
requirement is binding, which is provided in the
English bill. There seems to be, therefore, in re-
lation to that, a kind of plighted faith to which
these people are entitled to appeal at the hands
of Congress that they shall now be admitted.
The next element is the. extent of territory. TJin
extent of territory in Kansas within the present
boundaries, as now proposed m this constitution,
is a little over eighty thousand square miles; I
believe about eighty-one thousand square miles.
It makes the State larger than Illinois; larger than
Missouri; larger than Virginia. It is true that the
