190
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 24,
boundary of the State does not exactly conform
to the boundaries of the Territory; and for this
reason: it has been ascertained since that Terri-
tory was formed that there is a large region of
almost or quite uninhabitable country lying be-
tween Kansas on the Missouri, and Kansas by
Pike's Peak, away next to the Rocky Mountains,
where there is inhabitable country. There is a
large region of country separating these two, some
two or three hundred miles, which will never be
settled to any very considerableextent. The bound-
ary now runs across that region of country, as
fixed by this constitution, including eighty thou-
sand square miles. It is not of very much im-
poitance where that western Hne runs; but itgoes
acioss that region leaving a part of it to be in-
cluded in any Territory that shall be formed west
of this Slate.
These, Mr. President, are the materials or the
elements which constitute the claim for admission
on the part of Kansas: its population; its terri-
tory; the formation of its constitution; it being
ratified by the people, and having the proper num-
bei; and'l know not exactly what objections will
really i)e made. I must wait to hear them, ltseems
to me, sir, that not only for the sake of the people
there, but for the peace of the country at large,
it is about time we should put an end to this Kan-
sas mattei; that the people may be empowered to
proceed in their right of popular self-government
like the other people of the United States, and
that there should not be any feeling of resent-
ment to them, though the wholo course of that
people may not be entirely satisfactory to Con-
gress. That people cannot keep peace and quiet-
ness in their Territory. They have not the com-
mand of the Executive; they have not their ju-
diciary; they have not the control of their own
affairs. They are hampeied; and when individ-
uals make outbreaks they cannot control them.
It is necessary to their peace, it is necessary to
the peaee of tiie country, that this subject should
now receive some definitive action at the hands of
Congress. 1 shall say no more at piesent, but
attempt heieafter to meet sueh objections as may
be presented in various forms. There may be
devices n.soi ted to to contrive ways how not to do
it; th<-y may be found in amendments or delays
of various kinds, for which 1 must wait.
jVIr. GREEN obtained the floor.
Mr. IVERSON. If the Senator will allow me,
this is the eve of Cluistmas, and it is now three
o'clock. Tiie House of Representatives lias ad-
journed, 1 understand, and 1 think the Senate is
nardly disposed to go on with the consideration
of so grave a subject on this occasion as the ad-
mission of Kansas; 1 propose therefore that the
Senate adjourn.
M i'. f'OELAMER. Will the gentleman delay
that motion a moment'' I take it if we adjourn
now.it will be tonieetto-morrow, which is Christ-
mas day.
Mr. IVERSON. The Senate has aheatly
ngieed to adjourn over until Wednesday.
Mr. COfJLAMER. Oh, very well. I was
not aware of it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator fiom Georgia withdiaw his motion to ad-
journ ?
Mr. BIGLER. I desire to suggest to the Sen-
ator from Georgia that the day on which we are
again to meet should be changed 'to Thursday.
The committee of thirteen meet on Wednesday
morning, and as we shall probably do no business
here of very great importance, 1 think that day
might be devoted to the committee.
Mr. IVERSON. I will withdraw my motion
if the Senator fiom Pennsylvania desires to recon-
sider the vote adjourning over until Wednesday.
Air. BiGLElt. I make that motion for the
purpose of naming Thursday, in order that the
committee may have Wednesday.
Mr. DAVIS. Will the Senator yield to me for
a moment ?
Mr. BfGLER. Yes, sir.
Mr. DAVIS. I ask the Senate to make an order
to print, for the use of the select committee, a res-
olution which 1 shall lay before them. I present
it to the Senate in order that it may be ordered to
J^The'PRESIDING OFFICER. By common
consent, the resolution will be received. The
Chair hears no objection. The resolution will be
read.
Mr. MASON. The resolution will be printed,
and I suppose it can hardly be necessary to
read it.
Mr. DAVIS. Oh, no; let it be printed.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is moved
that the resolution be printed.
Mr. POLK. I prefer to hear it read.
Mr. YULEE. I hope it will be read.
\ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The reading
of the resolution is asked for. It will be read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Resolved, That it shall be declared, by amendment of the
Constitution, that property in sJaves, lecognized as such
by the local law of any of the States of the Union, shall
stand on the same tooting in ail constitutional and Federal
relations as any other species of property so recognized;
and, Hkeothei property, shall not be subject to be divested
or impaired by the local law of any other State, either in
escape thereto] or of transit or sojourn of the owner therein;
and in no case whatever shall sueh property be subject to
be divested oi impaired by any legislative aetof the United
States, or of any of the Teiutoues theieof.
The resolution was ordered to be printed.
Mr. BIGLER. The order adopted this morn-
ing could be changed by common consent, so that
it shall be, when the Senate adjourns it adjourn
to meet on Thursday. I think it very important
that the committee of thirteen should have Wed-
nesday without interruption. I make that sug-
gestion, if there be no objection to it.
Mr. BROWN. I object to it.
Mr. BIGLER. Then, Mr. President, I will
move to reconsider the order by which the Senate
agreed, that when it adjourns it adjourn over until
Wudnesday, for the purpose of making it Thurs-
day.
Mr. BROWN. I observe through the public
press that commissioners from South Carolina
will be here, to-morrow. Nobody can tell what
a day is to bring forth. There can be no pressing
necessity for our passing over until Thursday,
and I think it, therefore, better that we meet on
Wednesday. There Miay be no occasion for a
session, and I suppose there will not be; but still
I think it is better that we meet on Wednesday,
and I stand,therefore,by the order already made.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on reconsidering the vote by which the Senate
no reed that when it adjourns, it adjourn to meet on
Wednesday next.
The motion was agreed to; there being, on a
division—ayes ,'32, noes 6.
Mr. BIGLER. Now, Mr. President, I move
that when the Senate adjourns, it be to meet on
Thursday next.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. GREEN. By common consent, I shall
move to postpone the further consideration of this
special order until Wednesday of next week, at
one o'clock.
Mr. COLLAMER. And make it a special
order.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is a special order now.
Mr. LATHAM. 1 will state to the Senator
from Missouri that there is a special order for
that time. The Pacific railroad bill is set down
for next Wednesday week.
Mr. GREEN. I thought it was Tuesday.
Mr. COLLAMER and Mr. WADE. Put it
Tuesd ay.
Mr. GREEN. That is New Year's day.
Mr. COLLAMER. Put it Monday.
Mr. GP.EEN. I will say Monday, at one
o'clock.
Mr. COLLAMER. And make it the special
order for that time.
Mr. GREEN. Yes, sir; I make that motion.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. IVERSON. I now move that the Senate
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, December 24, 1860.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas H. Stockton.
Tiie Journal of Thursday last was read and
approved.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
A message was received from the President of
the United States, by A. J. Glossbrestnti:r, his j
Private Secretary, informing the House that the
President had appiovod and signed a bill making |i
appropriations for the payment of invalid and
other pensions of the United States for the year
ending June 30, 1862.
"WITHDRAWAL OF MEMBERS.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House the following communication;
which was laid on the table, and ordered to be
printed:
Washington, December 21,1860.
Sir: We avail ourselves of the earliest opportunity,
since the official communication of the intelligence, of mak-
ing known to your honorable body that the people of the
State of South Carolina, in their soveieign capacity, have
jesumed the powers heietofore delegated by them to the
Federal Government of the United States, and have thereby
dissolved our connection with the House of Representa-
tives.
In taking leave of those with whom we have been asso-
ciated in a common agency, we, as well as the people of
our Commonwealth, desire to do so with feelings of mutual
regard and respect for the rights of each other, cherishing
the hope that, in our future relations, we may better enjoy
that peace and haunony essential to the happiness of a fiee
and enlightened people. JOHN Mc&UEEN
M. L. BONHAM.
W. W. BOYCE.
J. D. ASI1MORE.
Hon. William Pennington,
Speaker of the House of Representatives.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, dated December 22,1860,
transmitting a statement of expenditures for the
coast survey during the fiscal year ending June
30,1860; which was laid on the table, andordered
to be printed.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from the
Interior Department, transmitting the annual
statement, required by the act of May 1, 1820,
prepared by the SccondComptrollerof the Treas-
ury, showing balances of appropriations standing
upon the books of that office to the credit of that
Departmenton the lstof July, 1859; the amounts
appiopiiated by Congress for (lie service of the
fiscal year ending 30th of June I860, including re-
payments and transfer of appropriations; and the
aggregateamountsappiicable to the service of said
fiscal year; also the amounts drawn from said
appropriations, or carried to the surplus fund, from
July 1, 1859, to June 30, 1860, and the balances
remaining in the Treasury at the last named date;
which was laid upon the table, and ordered to be
printed.
DELIVERY UP OF FUGITIVES.
Mr. MOORE, of Kentucky, by unanimous con-
sent, introduced a bill to give a construction to the
first section of the act of Congress, passed Feb-
ruary 12, 1793, in relation to the delivering up
of fugitives from justice; which was read a first
and second time.
Mr, Q/UARLES. I ask to have that bill read.
The bill, which was read, states that, whereas
a different construction has been given to the first
section of the act of Congress, approved Feb-
ruary 12, 1793, and whereas a misconstruction
thereof has resulted in the escape of persons guilty
of high crimes; therefore, be it enacted, &c., that
the first Section of an act entitled "An act re-
specting fugitivesfiom justice, and persons escap-
ing from the service of their masters," passed Feb-
ruary 12, 1793, be so constiued as to embrace all
cases of a demand of a fugitive from justice, when
made in the mode and manner directed by said
act, whether the offense for which the fugitive is
charged or indicted, be an offense at common
law or by the statute of the State to which the fugi-
tive shall have fled or not, so that it be an offense
by the laws of the State from which he escaped.
The bill was referred to the select committee
of thirty-three.
FRAUD IN THE INTERIOR DEPARTMENT.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I ask the unani-
mous consent of the House to introduce a resolu-
tion.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Resolved, That a committee of five be appointed to in-
vestigate the circumstances connected with the abstraction
of certain bonds f«om the Interior Department; to whom
given, and for vviiat purpose used, and when taken : the
said committee having lull power to command the presence
of witness-, and the production of papers, with a view to
ascertain the true offender or offenders, and seeme the
Government from all loss, as far as possible.
Mr. SHERMAN. I trust the e-ontleman from
