1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
Illinois will withhold that resolution for a short
time, as I am informed we shall soon have a
communication from the Secretary of the Interior
in reference to that matter. The resolution will
then be proper enough.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. Under those cir-
cumstances, I will let the resolution rest for the
present.
ADJOURNMENT OVER.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I move that when the
House adjourns to-day, it adjourn to meet on
Thursday next.
The motion was agreed to.
"WITHDRAWAL OF PAPERS.
On motion of Mr. STOUT, it was
Ordered, That leave be granted to withdraw from the
files ot the House papers relating to the proceedings of the
California, Oicgon, and Pacific railroad convention, for the
purpose of being used in the Senate.
OFFICERS IN TERRITORIES.
Mr. OTERO, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill to provide for the appointment of
Federal officers m the Territories of the United
States; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Territories.
ARMS TO CALIFORNIA.
Mr. BUR.CH, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced the following joint resolution; which was
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs:
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives <5*c.,
That the Seciotary of War be, and is hereby, directed and
required to issue to the State of California quotas of arms
for the years 1850 and 1831, equal to the quota issued to
said ritatc for the year 1852, of such description as the au-
thorities of said State may require.
PRINTING OP PRESIDENT'S MESSAGE.
Mr. McCLERNAND. I desire tn propound
a question to the chairman of the Committee on
Public Printing. 1 wish to know whether it is
the intention of that committee to report in favor
of printing any extra numbers of the President's
message ? I understand that the time within which
their printing; can be ordered is about to expire,
and that the "Printer has had his type locked up
for some time, awaiting the order of the House.
Mr. HASKIN. In reply to the gentleman from
Illinois, 1 would state that the chairman of the
Committee on Public Printing is absent, but that
he lias directed me to report to the House this
morning, from that committee, two resolutions,
■which will bo an answer to the questions the gen-
tleman has propounded. I thereforeofter the fol-
lowing resolution:
Resolved, That fifteen thousand extra copies of the an-
nual report of the Secret.lry.of the Treasuiy on tlie state of
the firmnccs, be printed for the use of tile IIousc, and one
thousand copies for the use of the Treasuiy Department.
1 will state that that is the usual number, and
the same that was ordered to be printed last ses-
sion.
The resolution was agreed to.
Mr. HASKIN offered tlie following resolu-
tions:
Resolved, That there tic printed for the use of tlie House
twenty live thousand copies of the message of tlie Presi-
dent of tlie United States, with the rcpoits propel of the
head? of Departments and chiefs of bureaus connected
therewith, omitting the statistical matters and details ac-
companying said repot.
Resolved further, That there be printed, m addition, for
the use of the House, five thousand extra copies of the said
message and accompanying documents.
The resolutions were agreed to.
Mr. HASKIN moved to reconsider the votes
by which the several resolutions were adopted;
and also moved to lay the motion to reconsider
on the table.
, The latter motion was agreed to.
GENERAL IIARNEY.
Mr. SCOTT, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be requested to fm-
nish to the House of Representatives copies of all corre-
spondence nil file in tlie War Department, not heretofore
published, having reference to Gsneral Harney's adminis-
tration ot the military dopaiinient of Oregon.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I call for the regu-
lar order of business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of bust-
ness is the call of committees for reports for
reference only.
The committees were then called.
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. SHERMAN,from the Committee of Ways
and Means, reported a bill making appropria-
tions for the support of the army for the year
ending Jane 30, 1862; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union,„and ordered to
be printed.
DEFICIENCY BILL.
Mr. SHERMAN. The deficiency bill, which
we sent to the Senate, contains an error which
crept in in the engrossment. 1 therefore offer the
following resolution:
Resolved, That tlr* Clerk bo directed to request the Sen-
ate to return House biil No. 833, to supply deficiencies in
the appropriations for the fiscal service for the year ending
June 3J, 18G.1.
The resolution was agreed to.
FISIIING BOUNTIES.
Mr. ELIOT,from the Committeeon Commerce
reported back, with a recommendation that it do
not pass, House bill No. 51, to repeal all laws or
parts of laws granting bounties or allowances to
vessels employed in the bank and other cod fish-
eries; which was referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. HOUSTON. Will it be in order to ask
the action of the House upon that bill at this time?
The SPEAKER. Only by unanimous consent.
Mi;. HOUSTON. Does it require unanimous
consent?
The SPEAKER. It does
Mr. MAYNARD. I would inquire of the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts if the report of the
committee was unanimous?
Mr. ELIOT. My impression is that the report
was unanimous, but 1 think the committee was
not full.
Mr. HOUSTON. Will the House consent to
take a vote upon that bill now?
Mr. ELIOT. It cannot be done.
Mr. HOUSTON. If the report of the com-
mittee is to be sustained by the House, let us
have a vote now, and not smother it .this short
session.
Mr. ELIOT. It cannot be done now under
the rules.
Mr. HOUSTON. That is what I cxpected of
the gentleman.
SHIP JUNIOR.
Mr. ELIOT, from the Committee on Commerce,
asked leave to report a bill for the relief of D. R.
Greer and others, owners of the ship Junior, of
New Bedford, that it might be printed and re-
committed to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. HOUSTON. Is it in order during the
morning hour to make a report of a bill, in order
to have it printed and recommitted ? I understand
that the object is to give that bill an advantage
over the bill which the gentleman just previously
reported, and which he proposes to sink in the
Committee of the Whole—a bill in which the
whole country is interested,and by which the gen-
tleman's constituents are permitted to fleece mine,
as I believe. I object to giving this last bill that
advantage, and therefore I object to the gentle-
man 's motion to have it pi inted and recommitted.
If the gentleman had given us a fair ch-ance upon
the other bill, I would not have objected; but if
I have the right, I now object.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the gen-
tleman from Alabama has the right.
Mr. HOUSTON. Then I object.
The SPEAKER. The bill will be returned to
the gentleman from Massachusetts
Mr. ELIOT. At an early meeting of the Com-
mittee on Commerce this session, I was unan-
imously instructed to report this bill to the House,
for the purpose of having the report printed and
the bill recommitted. If the honorable member
from Alabama sees fit to apply his objection to
this bill, 1 ecitainly shall not ask any favors; but
shall take the bill back into my custody. In re-
gard to the expression which fell from the lips of
the gentleman from Alabama in respect to the
fishing bounty laws, let me say to him that I am
not here to return phras<s of that description.
Mr. Speaker, these laws have stood upon the
statute-book since the institution of our Govern-
ment; and I respectfully submit that it does not
become any one to apply to the States which have
the benefit of these laws, language such as the
gentleman from Alabama has thought proper to
employ. -
Mr. CURRY. I rise to a Question of order.
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 believe the gentleman from
Massachusetts is through.
Mr. ELIOT. No, sir.
Mr. CURRY. The point of order that I de- *
sire to make is; that the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts has no right to discuss his proposition.
I have no objection to the discussion provided a
reply is allowed, and a vote can be had upon his
bill.
Mr. ELIOT. What I said was in reply to
remarks made by the gentleman from Alabama,
[Mr. Houston.]
Mi*. HOUSTON. It was no reply at all, Mr.
Speaker. It did not reach the point I made.
The SPEAKER. No debate is in order at all.
That is clear.
IIENJRY RICE.
Mr. ELIOT, from the Committee on Com-
merce, reported back, with a recommendation that
it-do pass, a bill (S. No. 501) for the relief of
Henry Rice; which was referred to a Committee
of the Whole House, and, with the accompanying
report, ordered to be printed.
COMMITTEE DISCHARGED.
On motion of Mr. COLFAX, the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads was discharged
from the further consideration of petitions of Oli-
ver Evans Woods, of Philadelphia and others;
and the same were laid upon the table.
METROPOLITAN POLICE.
Mr. KILGORE, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill to provide for the organization of a
metropolitan police force for the city of Wash-
ington; which was read a first and second lime,
and referred to the Committee for the District of
Columbia.
UNITED STATES COURT-ROOMS IN NEW JERSEY.
Mr. PORTER, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, reported a bill to compensate the State of
New Jersey for the use of court-rooms for the
United States courts in the State House at Tren-
ton, in said State; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, referred to tlie Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, and ordered to be
printed.
MRS. ELIZABETH MONTGOMERY.
Mr. BRIGCS, from the Committee qji Revo-
lutionary Claims, reported back, with a recom-
mendation that it do pass, a bill (S. No. 95) for
the relief of Mrs. Elizabeth Montgomery, heir of
Hugh Montgomery; which was referred to a
Committee of the Whole House, and, with the
accompanying report, ordered to be printed.
MARY BERAULT.
Mr. BRIGGS, also, from the same committee,
reported a bill for the relief of Mary Berault,
administratrix of Lieutenant Joseph Wheaton:
which was read a lirst and second time, referred
to a Committee of the Whole House, and, with
the accompanying report, ordered to be printed.
CAPTAIN CHARLES FIEItElt.
Mr. DUELL, from the same committee, re-
ported a bill for the relief of the legal representa-
tives of Captain Charles Fxerer; which was read
a first and second time, leferred to a Committee
of ihe Whole House, and, with the accompany-
ing report, ordered to be printed.
FREDERICK VINCENT.
Mr. DUELL, also, from the same committee,
reported back, with a recommendation that it do
not pass, a bill (S. No. 275) for the relief of Fred-
erick Vincent, administrator of James Le Cnze,
surviving partner of Le Caze & Mallet; which
was laid upon the table, and ordered to be printed.
JOHN W. WILDER.
Mr. DUELL, also, from the same committee,
made an adverse report on the petition of John
W. Wilder, administrator of Stephen C. Graham,
praying for commutation pay; which was laid
upon the table, and ordered to be printed.
PETER TREZVANT.
Mr. DUELL also, from the same committee, re-
ported a bill to refund to the State of Georgia cer-
tain moneys paid by said State to Peter Trezvant,
