THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. HIVES, WASHINGTON, P. C.
New Series.....No. 73,
—     £ 
Thirty-Sixth Congress, 2d Session.
TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 26, 1861.
permit the Treasury notes to be redeemed at the
Treasury Department, at the time they respect-
ively bccome due. But I do think, Mr. Chair-
man, that it ia wrong for us to issue stock in
sums of $500, or of $50, as has even been pro-
posed. I think it wrong to issue stock in these
small sums, particularly when it is in exchange
for Treasury notes, which are issued bearing G
per cent, interest. This act provides for the issue
of stocks bearing 6 per cent, interest. If your
Treasury notes shall command a premium, they
will necessarily pass into the hands of capitalists,
and can be just as readily converted into stocks
of the denomination of $1,000 as of $500. These
are the reasons which induce me to offer the
amendment.
Mr SHERMAN. The only difference between
the amendment of the gentleman from Missouri
and the Senate bill, is this: by the Senate amend-
ment, these Treasury notes are made, at any time,
receivable in the payment of public dues, and also
convertible into Government stocks, when any
person having $500 of them chooses to convert
them. It authorizes any holder of $500 inTrcas-
ury notes to receive United States bonds for them.
My own impression is, that it is better to have
> the smallest sum—the one named in the Senate
amendment—so that the Treasury notes may be
retired as soon as possible, and converted into a
funded debt. I trust, therefore, the amendment
of the gentleman from Missouri will not be adopted.
Mr. PHELPS. I have just been furnished
with a printed bill which purports to contain the
amendments of the Senate, but this amendment
to section four is not in it.
Mr. SHERMAN. The bill which the gentle-
man has is the bill printed in the Senate, and does
not contain all the amendments. The bill, with
all the amendments, will be here in a lew minutes.
Mr. PHELPS. 1 supposed that when the order
was made to print, it was to print the bill with
all the amendments adopted by the Senate.
Mr. SHERMAN. Certainly; but this is not
that bill. This is the bill as printed by order of
the Senate.
Mr. PHELPS. Oh, I thought it was our bill.
Mr. SICKLES. 1 think this is a good com-
mentary on considering bills which have not been
printed. The members of the Committee of Ways
and Means cannot agree in their understanding
of it.
The question was token on Mr. Phelps's
amendment to the amendment; and it was dis-
agreed to.
The question recurred upon the amendment of
the Senate.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I will endeavor to
offer an amendment to that amendment; but 1 do
not know that I shall succeed in doing so. From
the cursory reading I have given to it, I think it
is defective in certain particulars. I move to add
to it the following:
Provided, That none of paid notes shall be receivable lot
public customs.
I have no argument to submit upon that point.
I will submit merely a simple statement—one
which has the authority of the Treasury Depart-
ment. It is discovered, sir, now—it has been the
fact for the last ten days—that quite one half of
the public revenue of the country, receivable in
customs, has been received in these Treasury
notes, and Treasury notes that have been issued,
and arc not redeemable for many months. Hence
it is true that, at a time when we are in great pecu-
niary distress, in want of funds, and our exchequer
at the lowest ebb, this Government is engaged m
paying debts not yet due. It is of great importance
that we should have the full amount of our public
imposts, in order to enable us to meet the expenses
that are occurring from day to day; and if we pro-
ceed at this rate, the Treasury Department will,
in the future, be in greater distress than it is at
present. I may refer to the income of the custom-
house in New York. On the 21st day of Febru-
ary, at least two thirds of the customs leoeivcd
were received in Treasury notes not yet due. I
present these facts to the House for its informa-
TO
I 9  >
tion, in order that it may vote upon this proposi-
tion with icference to our affairs hereafter, and
that a proviso may be adopted that none of these
Treasury notes shall be receivable forpublic cus-
toms.
Mr. SICKLES. I move to amend the amend-
ment of my colleague by adding:
Jind provided further, That the same sisal! not be receiv-
able in payments for sales of the public lands.
Mr. Chairman, I suppose that the chairman of
the Committee of Ways and Means, in bringing
this bill before the House in manuscript, and in
thus keeping the House ignorant of its contents,
as far as possible, meant to put the House in a
position as closely resembling Air. Lincoln's as
possible; for he said at Pittsburg that he did not
know anything about the tariff; and the gentle-
man from Ohio wanted gentlemen of the House
of Representatives, at l^ast, to have that much of
resemblance to the President elect: namely, igno-
rance of the subject. I cannot imagine any other
reason why the chairman of the leading commit-
tee of the House should thrust such a bill as this
upon its consideration, and press its passage,
while the House cannot know its contents.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair reminds the
gentleman from New York that he must confine
his remarks to the pending amendment.
Mr. SICKLES. 1 will come to the point now.
I must conguitulate the chairman of the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means upon the sagacious and
enlarged statesmanship which has evidently pre-
sided over the inception and elaboration of this
measure. At a moment like this, when the Con-
federacy is menaced with dismemberment, and
when all eyes are turned upon the policy which
will control European States—whether it is to be
the policy of non-interference, or the policy of
recognition—the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means is offering the strongest prov-
ocation to England to a precipitate recognition of
the southern confederacy, by antagonizing with
the free trade policy of England and France, and
reinaugurating a protective policy. Is this to be
the controlling policy of the northern, western,
and eastern portions of the Confederacy ? Sir, the
gentleman and his party have for years, in all this
anti-slavery crusade, been the mere instrument of
England's secret wish to dismember our Con-
federacy
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will state to the
gentleman from New York that his remarks are
out of order.
Mr. SICKLES. I supposed they were quite
germane to the subject.
The CHAIRMAN. They are not. The gen-
tleman moved to amend the amendment of his
eolk-ague, so as to exclude the use of Treasury
notes in payment for public lands. He had a
right to discuss that subject, as Ins colleague dis-
cussed the propriety of'his amendment; but cer-
tainly the remarks which the gentleman was
making were not in order under the lules of the
House.
Mr. SICKLES. Something may be allowed by
way of introduction, I trust
Mr. Sickles's amendment was rejected.
The amendment of Mr. John Cochrane was
then disagreed to.
The question recurred on the amendment of the
Senate.
Mr. PHELPS. I move to strike out so much
of the amendment under consideration as relates
to the convertibility of the Ticasury notes into
stocks of the United States.
I submit the amendment pro forma. You may
call mo to order, sir, for f do not intend to address
myself to it, but to appeal to the gentlemen upon
the other side of the House to know if they will
coerce us to vote upon these amendments without
their being printed, and when wc are unable to un-
derstand them5 What can we understand of the
amendments from hearing them read at the Clerk's
desk? I desire to vote understandingly upoiuhis
question. I believed, from the representations
made by the chairman of the committee of which
I am a member that the amendments adopted by
the Senate would be before us, so that we could
consider them and vote upon them understand-
ingly. They are not here; and I say that it is not
our duty at this time to vote in this manner.
I know that there are gentlemen upon the other
side who have said they will put this bill through
to-day. That is a question to be tried in the fu-
ture. It cannot be done. We cannot be forced
to vote upon one hundred and fifty-six amend-
ments, which have not been printed, and which
none of us understand. I am willing to be one to
prevent any legislation for the residue of this Con-
gress, if it is the intention to force matters upon us
in the manner threatened by somegentlemen upon
the other side. I utter nothing by way of threat.
1 desire to vote understandingly on these amend-
ments. I would interpose no obstacle to their con-
sideration, if they were printed and before us. I
believed they would have been printed to-day. I
relied on the statement made to us, that they would
be ready before to-day Js session commenced, and
jn time for us to consider them to-day. All I ask
is that I may have the amendments before me, so
as to he able to vote understandingly. I do not
want to impede the progress cf the bill m the least,
nor to delay the public business. I have thus far
during the session endeavored to expedite it. But
I ask that we shall not be asked to vote without
having the amendments before us. I therefore
submit the motion that the committee rise.
Mr. SHERMAN. I _ desire to reply to the
gentleman from Missouri. *
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will state to
the committee that the Chair does not desire to be
constantly arresting the debate when it is out of
order, if gentlemen of the committee do not think
proper to object.
Mr. PHELPS. I acknowledge that my re-
marks were not in order. I violated the rule, but
without any intention to be disrespectful.
Mr. SHERMAN. With due respect to the
Chair, I think it is his duty to arrest improper
debate. Now, in regard to the amendment offered
by the gentleman from Missouri. He proposes
to strike out that portion of the Senate amend-
ment which provides for retiring these Treasury
notes.
Mr. PHELPS. Forconvertingthem into stock.
Mr. SHERMAN. It amounts to the same
thing. Now, first, in regard to the printing of
these amendments. As a matter of coursc, I can-
not control the printing of the House. These
amendments were ordered to be printed lastThurs-
day; and I think it is an outrage that the business
of the country should be interrupted for two days
for a little matter like this. I might say, what
has been told me, that the foreman of the printing
office stated that he would not print them yester-
day; that he was going to take a holiday any way.
He does just as he pleases. As a matterof course,
I cannot go and set the types myself, for I do not
not know one type from another.
Mr. PHELPS. Does not the responsibility
rest on the Printer of the House?
Mr. SHERMAN. Certainly.
Mr. PHELPS Then the gentleman should
not place it on the foreman.
Mr SHERMAN. I understand that the Printer
of the House has offered, over and over again, to
resign, simply because the compensation allowed
for the printing does not afford him any profit.
Now, in regard to the amendment: is there any
gentleman here so lacking in intelligence that he
cannot, from the reading of the amendment, un-
derstand its purpose? It seems to me that it is
perfectly plain and obvious. It provides that, in
case the Secretary of the Treasury cannot sell the
bonds provided for by the first clause of this bill,
he may refuse the offers made; and that, instead,
he may issue Treasury notes of a certain charac-
ter for the time being. It then provides that at
any time, whenever the holder of $500 worth of
these Treasury notes desires to retire them, or to
convert them into convertible bonds, he may pre-
sent them for that purpose and have them con-
verted.
This is a plain and simple proposition I know
