1154
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 23,
it would be more satisfactory to have the printed
amendments before us. But X know very well
that if we were to wait for these documents to be
printed, under the present organization of the
House, the business of the country could not be
finished by the 4th of March. Next Monday we
are to have special orders. Next Tuesday we are
to have special orders; and so on to the close of
the session. There are several appropriations yet
to be acted on—the Army bill, the Indian bill, and
the miscellaneous bill. So that, unless gentlemen
are willing to vote on these amendments to-day,
Congress will adjourn,without having provided
the ordinary revenue for the Government. All
the loan bills heretofore passed are simply for re-
demption of outstanding indebtedness. I have a
table showing that the debts of the United States
now amount to $100,000,000, including those that
are likely to be made this session—including the
Washington and Oregon war debt, and debts of
that character. We have got to provide for the
payment of these debts. They are not the debts
of the incoming Administration. There is no loan
proposed for the incoming Administration, except
the loan contained in this tariff bill; and that is
simply conditional. We know very well that
whenever a new revenue measure is started there
is, for the time being, some suspension of the
ordinary trade, it is inevitable, therefore, that
this tariff bill should provide that in case the rev-
enue should fall short, for a little while, of the
expenditures, §10,000,000 should be placcd within
the control of the President to make up for this
deficiency. Not one of these loan bills, of which
so much has been said, is for the incoming Ad-
ministration. They aie all to pay your debts,
gentlemen. When your Adminstration came into
power, there was less than §20,000,000 of indebt-
edness. Now the indebtedness of the nation is
nearly $100,000,000. Do not charge that to us.
Mr. PHELPS. What was the indebtedness at
the commencement of this Administration ?
Mr. SHERMAN. About $20,000,000, after
deducting the balance on hand, which was nearly
§17,000,000.
Now, it the incoming Administration shall go
out of power with such a record as that, I shall
be very much disappointed. On the other hand,
if, by means of this tariff bill, and if, by means of
the economical administration of the Government,
the national debt be not reduced during the in-
coming Administration, then I probably will not
be a supporter of it.
That is just the position of affairs. We must,
as a mattci of public duty, pass this or some other
revenue bill. I do not care what bill it is. If Con-
gress will not pass this bill, let the tariff bill of
184G, or any other measure, be introduced and
passed. But this Congress should not adjourn
without providing means to pay the ordinary ex-
penses of the Government. This is nota favorite
measure of mine. 1 had nothing to do with it. It
was not framed by me.. 1 am for a revenue tariff,
with such fair and reasonable incidental protec-
tion to industry as may be derived from a rev-
enue tariff. 1 am in favorof specific duties in all
cases wheie they can be applied. 1 believe that
this bill, with the Senate amendments, comes as
near to being a correct revenue bill as we can pass
at this session of Congress. It is always open
for amendment.
Mr. SICKLES. How much time has the gen-
tleman left ?
The CHAIRMAN. A minute and a half.
Mr. SICKLES. Then the Chairman's watch
and mine differ.
Mr. SHERMAN. Well, I will sit down, and
call fore vote on the amendment.
Mr. PHELPS. Because these amendments
are not printed, and not for the purpose ot delay,
I move that the committee do now rise.
The motion was not agreed to.
The question was taken on Mr. Phelps's amend-
ment; and it was rejected.
Mr. PHELPS. I now move, in good faith,as
I did before, that the committee rise; and I call
for tellers.
Tellers were ordered ;and Messrs. Pur-i.rs, and
Stevens of Pennsylvania, were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 24, noes 80.
No quorum voting, the roll was called; and thefol-
lowing members aided to answer to their names:
Messrs, (Jreen .Mien. Thomas, L. Anderson
Ashley, Ashmore, Babbitt. Barksdale, Barr, Barret, Bing-
ham, Bonhain, iloteier, Bouliguy, Bovce, Branch, Butter-
fie.id, Carey, Horace F. Clark, Clemens, Ctopton, Cobb,
Conkling, Corwin, Cox, James Craig, Burton Ciaige. Craw-
ford, Curry, Davidson, H. Winter Davis- Reuben Davis,
Dawes, English, Farnsworth, Ferry, Foster, Foukc, Gai-
nett, Gartreli. Hamilton, Hardeman, Haskin, Hawkins,
Hindrnan. Ho'linan, Houston, Jackson, Jones, K>itt, Wil-
liam Kellogg, Lamar, I.andrum. Jatnes M. Leach, Logan,
Longriecker, Love, Slaclay, Maliory, Chailes 1). Martin,
Elbert S. Martin, Maynard, McClemand, McQueen. Mc-
liae, Miles, Sydenham Moore, Noel!, Pendleton, Pettit,
Peyton, Phelps, rotter, Pottle, Pryor, i'ugti, Quarles. Rea-
gan, John II. Reynolds, Rice, James C. Uobm-on, Ruffm.
Rust, Scott, Seranton, Sickles, bimms, Singleton, William
Smith, Somes, Stallworth, James A. Stewart, Stout, Tay-
lor,Trimble, Underwood,VallaiKhgham, Vance, Yandever,
Van Wyek, Walton, Wilson, Woodson, and Wright.
Thecommitteeiose; and Mr. Stevens,of Penn-
sylvania, having taken the chair as Speaker pro
tempore, Mr. Colfax reported that the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union had
found itself without a quorum, and had directed
him to have the roll called, and the names of the
absentees reported to the House.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. ANDERSON, of Kentucky, stated that
his colleague, Mr. Adams, was paired off with
Mr. Va.yce on the tariff bill; that the former would
have voted for it, and the latter against it.
Mr. FRENCH stated that his colleagues, Mr.
Coburn and Mr. Foster, were engaged in the
peace congress
Mr. MARTIN, of Ohio, stated that Mr. Mar-
tin, of Virginia, had left the House on account
of ill health.
Mr. STANTON stated that Mr. Trimble was
absent through illness.
A quorum of members having answered to their
names, the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union resumed its session, (Mr. Colfax
m the clitur.)
The motion for the committee to rise was not
agieed to.
The CHAIRMAN stated the question to be
upon the amendment of the Senate.
Mr. PHELPS moved pro forma to strike out
the last two lines of the amendment under con-
sideration.
Mr. SICKLES. With the permission of the
gentleman from Missouri, I move that the com-
mittee rise.
Mr. PHELPS. I will yield for that purpose.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to know for
what purpose the gentleman wishes the commit-
tee to iise?
Mr. PHELPS. 1 desire the printed bill to bo
in possession of the House; and then I will not
interfere with the passage of the bill. There are
measures in this bill that are covered up. We
cannot tell, fiotu the mere reading, when it is pro-
posed to strike out an article from one schedule
and insert it in another, what the effect of the
amendment is. When it is proposed in a certain
line to stiike out " ]0" and insert "20," we
cannot tell, without, the punted bill before us, to
what extent the amendment, which thus proposes
to laise a schedule of duties, goes.
Mr. SHERMxlN. With the permission of the
gentleman from Missouri, I wish to submit this
question: I desire to know if it is not the purpose
of gentlemen on the other side of the House, by
lillibusterism, to prevent the passage of this bill?
Mr. PHELPS. We have been told that gen-
tlemen upon the other side have said, " this bill
shall pass to-night." In that we join issue with
them.
Mr. SHERMAN. The gentleman has not
heard me use that language. I simply desire to
know whether that is the intention of gentlemen
on the other side of the House?
Mr. PHELPS. The gentleman knows that we
have been told this bill shall be passed to-night.
If that be the intention, we join issue with them.
Mr. MOORE, of Kentucky. I desire to know
if this debate is in order '
The CHAIRMAN. It is not. It has been
indulged in by unanimous consent.
Mr. SHERMAN. Gentlemen having indicated
their purpose to defeat this bill by factious oppo-
sition, I think it is right that the majority shall
decide, that question. As a matter of course,
there is no cause for us to stay here and worry
oursc Ives with this sort of proceeding. I hope
the committee will rise
The motion was agreed to.
;! The committee accordingly rose; and Mr. Ste-
vens, of Pennsylvania, having taken the chair, as
Speaker pro tempore, Mr. Colfax reported that
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union had, according to order, had the Union
generally under consideiation, and paiticulaily
the tariff bill, and had come to no resolution
thereon.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move to discharge the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
from.the further consideration of the bill before
the committee, with the purpose of calling the
previous question on the adoption of the Senate
amendments. I do not know whether the motion .
is in order. If not, I move to suspend the rules.
Mr. SICKLES. I demand the yeas and nays
on the motion to suspend the rules.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE called for tellers on
the yeas and nays,
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Gooch and
Pfenus appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
thirty-three in the affirmative.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. PHELPS moved to adjourn.
Mr. SICKLES called for the yeas and nays on
the motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken on Mr. Phelps's mo-
tion, and it was decided in the negative—yeas 34,
nays 100; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Avery, IJiabson, Briggs, Brown, Burcb,
Binnelt, John B. Claik, John Cochrane, Burton Ciaige,
John G. Davis, Edmundson, JohnT. Harris, William How-
ard, Hughes, Jenkins, Kiinkel,Lairabefi, James M. Leach,
Leake. Mat-lay, MeClcrnand, Millsnn, Niblaek, Phelps, ,
I'ivoi,Untitles, Euffin, Bint, Sickles, Stevenson,Thomas,
Wbiteley, Winslow, ami Wnght—34.
NAYS'—Messi*. Chailes F. Adams, Admin, Atdrich, Al-
ley, William V Andeisnn. Ashley, Barr, Bt;ui, Blake, tliay-
ton.Bristow, Buft'mton, lluilingame, Burnliani, Butteifield,
Campbell, Carey, Caifei. C;ee. Colfax, Conway, D.uves,
Delano, Dimmiek, Duell, Dunn, Edgerton, Edwards Eliot,
Ely, Etheudire, Fenton, Kerry, Floienee, Frank, French,
Gilmei, Gooch,Graham,Grow, Gurley, Hale, Hall, J. Mor-
nson [Jams, Hatton, Ilehnick, Ilindman, iioatd, William
A Howard, Iluinplney, tivine, Junkm. Francis W. Kel-
logg, Ken>on, Kilgoic, Killinger, DeWitt C. Leach, Lee,
Longnecker, Looiius, Lovejoy, McKeari, Melieiuy, Me-
Kmght, Mct'her on, Millward, Montgomery, Laban T.
Mooie, Mooihcad, Moirill, Edward Joy Monis, Isaac N.
Moms, Moise, Nel=on, Nixon, Olin, I'almer, Poiter, Pot-
tei, Pottle, Edwin it. Reynolds, itiggs, Chiistophei Robin-
son, Royeo, Sei.mton, Sedgvviek, Slieiman, SpauUiing,
Spinner, Stanton, Steven*, William Stewart, Stokes,
Stout, Stratton, Tappan, Theaker, Tompkins, Tram. Ver-
rce, Wade, Wuldion, Cadwalnder C. Wasllbuin, Webster,
Well*, Windom, Wood, and Woodruff—109.
So the House refused to adjourn.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. HUTCH INS said he had paired off for the
day with his colleague, Mr. Vallandigham,and
did not feel at liberty to vote. He had, however,
sent to he released from his pair whenever Ins
vote was necessary for a quorum.
Mr. CURTIS stated that he had paired with
the gentleman from Kentucky, Mr. Simms, upon
the tanff bill solely lie had voted, not suppos-
ing the motion to adjourn was involved in that
bill; but believing that the motion had been made
to defeat or delay the tariff bill, he would with-
draw his vote.
The question then recurred upon Mr. Sher-
man's motion.
Mr. PHELPS. I desire to make a proposition
to the gentleman from Ohio, and I hope it will be
acceded to by the House. 1 propose that when
the House adjourns to-day, it adjourn to meet at
ten o'clock on Monday, and that at one o'clock
on that day the bill shall come out of committee
in whatever condition it may be, and the House
then proceed to vote on it under the previous
question. We shall then have the printed bill
before us, and those who are opposed to the bill
may indicate what amendments they desire sep-
arate votes upon.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope that proposition will
be acceded to. I think it will accomplish the pur-
poses of gentlemen upon both sides of the House.
Mr. THOMAS. I object.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will withdraw the motion
1 have made ro suspend the rules to dischaige the
committee from the further consideration of the
tariff bill, and move to suspend the rules to sub-
mit the proposition the gentleman from Missouri
has indicated.
The rules were suspended, (two thirds having
voted therefor.)
The motion suggested by Mr. Phelps was then
submitted, and agreed to.
