1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1155
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire that the House will
now go into committee and dispose or the amend-
ments of the Senate to the Indian appropriation
biii, so that they may go before the committee of
conference. 1 move that the Senate amendments
to that bill be madethespeciaf order in committee
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I now move that the rules
be suspended, and the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, (Mr. Colfax in the
chair,) and proceeded to the consideration, as a
special order, of the Senate amendments to the
bili of the House (No. 865) making appropriations
for the current and contingent expenses of the In-
dian department and for fulfilling treaty stipula-
tions with various Indian tribes for the year ending
June 30, 18G2.
First amendment:
Page 19, lion eight, after the word " on," strike out the
words " investment of;" so that the paragraph as amended
wtli lead,
For interest on $231,257 86, at five pei r-entum, for Mi-
anil Indian? of Indiana, per Senate'.*-amendment to fourth
article tieaty 5th June, 1&>4, §11,0.32 b9.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended a concurrence in the amendment.
The amendment was concurred in.
Second amendment:
Page 525, line two, after the word u the," when it first
occurs, strike <mi the woid same," and insert the word
" shop ;  s>o tnnt the amendment, as amended, thai! r^ad :
For puiehase of iiun and s.toei. and other neee^aues for
shop, during the pica^tne ol the President, per fouith arti-
cle tieaty 2'lth Septembei, 1857. $500.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended a concurrence in the amendment.
The amendment was concurred in.
Third amendment:
Tape 28, hue fifteen, insert, as follows :
Fot reappiopruit.on ot this amount due the Pottawato-*
mies, the l'oitawatomies ot Indiana, the Pottawatomies of'
thePniiiie,aml the J'ottawatomieso! the Wabash, included
in wammt No. 10 of the War Depaitment, for the fiscal
year end-mg June 30, lb!7, being balances of appropgfll-
tions to fulfill treaty stipulations (oi payment of annuities
earned to the sutplu* fund, viz: §42,905 06, to be paid to
said Indians during the curient fisual year.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Fourth amendment:
Pase 47, line MYteen, =trike out "$r)00," and insert
"$1,500 so that the paragraph, as amended, will read :
For second of twentv installments for the pay of each of
the head chiefs of the Flathead, Kootenay, and Upper Pend
d'OicdJes tubes, per filth aiticle treaty ltith July, 1855,
$1,500.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Fifth amendment:
At the end of the hill add as follows:
For payment to the Si«-=eeton and Wah-pa-ton bands of
the Dakota oi Sioua Indians, tor their reservation on the
Minnesota uver, in the State of Minnesota, containing five
hundied and sixty-nine thousand six hundiedacies, atthnty
cents pui aet<', §"170.880.
The committee recommended that the amend- I
ment of the Senate be concurred in with an amend-
mcnt, as follows:
"Strike out the entire amendment, and insert, in lieu
thereof, a:, follow^:
Foi the payment of interest for one year on #17^,830,
awarded b) the Senate to the Sisseeton and Wah-pa-tou
foand^ot tin* Dakota or Sioux Indians, for then reseivation
on the. Minnesota river, m the Slate of Minnesota, contain-
ing five bundled and sixty-nine thousand six hundred acres,
at thnty cents. per acre, $10,73.2 80.
The amendment to the amend ment was agreed to.
The amendment, as amended, was concurred in.
Sixth amendment:
-\dd. *i= follows:
For pu incut to the Med-a-wa-kan ton and YVa'i-pa-
koo ta hands of the Dakota or Siou\ Indians, tor their les-
eiv.it ion oil the Mi un^ota rivei, in the btate of Minnesota,
coieammg thiee hundred and twenty thousand aeies,at
thntv cents por acre, $93,000.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended that the amendment of the Senate be con- j
curred in, with an amendment, as follows:
Strike outthe entire amendment, and insert in lieu there-
of as follows.
For tne payment of interest for one year en $96,000,
awarded by the Senate to the Med-a-wa-kan-ton and YVah-
pa-koo-ta bands ot the Daeotah or Sioux Indians for their
reservation in the State of Minnesota, containing three
hund t ed and twenty tnousand acres, at thirty cents per acre,
§5,760
Theamendmentto the amendment was agreed to.
The Senate amcnement, as amended, was con-
curred m.
Seventh amendment:
For the expenses of concentrating the Indians in the
Territory ot Utah on reservation* therein remote from em-
igrant routes, purclwfec of agricultural implements and stock
cattle, and for the election of houses, fitc., including the
necessary tiavehng expenses? of the superintendent of In-
dian affairs, agents, oleik hire, See , $45,000.
The CHAIRMAN. The Committee of Ways
and Means recommend a concurrence in that
amendment.
The amendment was concurrcd inf1
Eighth amendment:
For salary of one supeiintending agent for the northern
district of the Indian service in California from 28th of June,
1860, when he cnteied on his duties, to 30th of June, 1881,
pei act of 19th of June, 1800, at $J,GOO por annum, $3,029 67.
The CHAIRMAN". The Committee of Ways
and Means recommend a concurrence in the
amendment.
The amendment was concurred in.
Ninth, amendment:
For salaiy of one £upormtendmg asrent for the southern
district of the Indian m rviee in California from 19th Sep-
tember, 1^60, when he enteied on his duties, to 30th June,
1861, at $3,600 per annum, per act of 19ih June, 1860,
$2,510 08.
The CHAIRMAN. The Committee of Ways
and Means recommend a concurrence in the
amendment.
The amendment was concurred in.
Tenth amendment:
For salaries of five supervisors to the Indian reserva-
tions in California to instruetthe Indians in husbandry,at
$1,800 pci annum each, tor the half yeai ending 30th June,
1801, per aet of 19th June, 18fn), $1,500.
The CHAIRMAN. The Committee of Ways
and Means recommend a concurrence in the
amendment.
The amendment was concurred in.
Eleventh amendment:
For compensation to twenty laborers for the five reserva-
tions in California, at fiuv dollats per mouth, for the half
year ending iJJth June, lSot, pei act 19th June, Jo60,$6,000.
The CHAIRMAN. The Committee of Ways
and Means recommend a concurrence in the
amendment.
The amendment was concurred in.
Twelfth amendment:
Foi >alaiy foi an additional agent for the Indian service
in \>w Mexico from'"Hd Aujiut, 18oO, when he executed
lus official bond, to 3Jth June, 1^61, pei aet of 25th June,
1860, at§l,53J per annum, $1,!&9 90.
The CHAIRMAN. The Committee of Ways
and Means recommend a concurrence in the
amendment.
The amendment was concurred in.
Thirteenth amendment:
Forsalaiy foi an agent to the Ponea Indians fiotn the
QKt Augu-t, 1P60, when he executed his official bond, to
30th June, 1861, at Si,500 per annum, per act 25th June,
1860, $1.29u 19.
The CHAIRMAN. The Committee of Ways
and Means recommend a concurrence in the
amendment.
The amendment was concurred in.
Fourteenth amendment:
For cahtry for an agent to the Pawnees, from 18th Octo-
ber 1830, when h>' executed his official bond, to 30th June,
lb'Gl, at $1,500 per annum, per act of 25th June, 1860,
$1,0.35 70.
The CHAIRMAN. The Committee of Ways
and Means recomiAend a concurrence
The amendment was concurred in.
Fifteenth amendment:
For salaiy for an agent to the Yancton Sioux, for the fis-
cal yeaf ending the 3Jth June, 1831, pet fifteenth article of
treaty of 19rh April, 1858, ;?L;5.')0.
The CHAIRMAN. The Committee of Ways
and Means recommend a concurrence in the
amendment.
The amendment was concurred in.
Sixteenth amendment:
For payment for suoli peimanent improvements as may
have be^ii made by claimant-: to land on the reserve named
in the second auicie of tieatyof 10th September, 1853,
with the Rogue llivei Indians, pei second and third articles
of said treaty, $3,000.
The CHAIRMAN. The Committee of Ways
and Means recommend a concurrence in the
amendment.
The amendment was concurred in
Seventeenth amendment;
For arrears of interest due 1st January, 1861, on $70,000,
five per centum bonds or the State of Indiana, $7,000.
The CHAIRMAN. The Committee of Ways
and Means recommend a concurrence in the
amendment.
The amendment was concurred in.
Eighteenth amendment:
For expenses attending the negotiation of the treaties of
19th June, 1858. with the Lovtfcr and Upper Sioux Indians,
per tenth ailicles of said treaties, $50,865 76.
The CHAIRMAN. The Committee of Ways
and Means recommend a non-concurrence in the
amendment.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Nineteenth amendment:
For cariying into effect the eleventh article of the treaty
with the Choctaw tribe of Indians, made the 22d day of
June, 1855, and the award of the Senate made pursuant
thereto on the 9th of March, 1859, the sum of $1,902,560 85,
being the undisputed balance due them, so much thereof as
the pioper authorities of the tribe shah determine to be ne-
cessary foi the payment of the claims which, by the twelfth
article of the treaty, the Choetaws have a^uraed to pay,
and of such other liabilities of the tribe as they may ascer-
tain and detcinune to be just, shall be paid over on their
requisition at such time and in such manner as they shall
rpquest; and the lesidue remaining after satisfying such
claims and liabilities shall be held in trust for the benefit of
the Choetaws, according to the provisions of the thirteenth
article off-aid tieaty. In heu of making such payments in
money, tin; Secretary of the Treasury may, at his discre-
tion, issue to the Choetaws, on their requisition as afore-
said, certificates of stock in the name of the United States,
beating inteiest at the rate of six'per centum per annum,
payable seini-annually at the Ttea.Mtryof the United States;
said ri'itifirute1* to be redeemable in ten years or sooner, at
the pleastue of the President of the United States, and to
be transferable by the pioper authonties of the Choctaw
nation in such foi m as the Secretary of the Treasury shall
presoube: Provided, That the question whether the unde-
termined balance not now appropriated, of .$1,130,000 of
the sum icported bv the Committee on Indian Affairs as
due to the Choetaws uiulei the treaty and awaid aforesaid,
is a Jegitnnaie charge against the Choetaws by the terms of
the said awaid, be rescived for the futuie decision ol the
Senate.
The CHAIRMAN. The Committee of Ways
and Means recommend a non-concurrence in that
amendment.
Mr. STEVENSON. I wuuld like to hear from
the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means the grounds upon which a non-concurrence
in that amendment is recommended. If I under-
stand what plighted faith is, what the solemnity
of a judicial award is, then I do not see how the
Govern ment of the United States can repudiate this
debt. 1 should be glad to hear from the chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means why that
committee recommended a non-concurrence in
this Senate amendment.
It l as been thoroughly investigated by every
department of the Government; and this award is
the result of a solemn treaty with those Indians.
I hope the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means will explain its action.
Mr. SHERMAN. The amendment involves
over a million and a half dollars; and the first
ground for recommending a non-concurrence was
that this was not a proper amendment to be put
upon one of the regular appropriation bills; that it
should be no more put upon an apptopriation bill
than the Oregon war debt, or any other disputed
matter growing out of the ordinary treaty stipula-
tions or the Government.
That is not alone the reason for the recommend-
ation of the committee. This is, as my friend re-
marks, 54 an old soldier." We had neither the time
nor the patience to give it proper consideration.
It ought to be reported on by the Committee on
Indian Affairs and acted on by the House fully
and fairly, and at a time different from this.
There were other reasons. The terms of the bill
were objectionable. They refer the payment of
the balances to the award simply of the Senate,
so that under a simple resolution oT the Senate
more than $1,500,000 rouM be taken out of the
Treasury. If non-concurred in, the amendment
will go to a committee of conference, which com-
mittee will examine the subject more fully than
we hucfany opportunity to do.
Mr. STtWENSON. 1 have never made a fac-
tious opposition to any measure, since I have been
a member, and I will not now; but i consider when
any measure arises in this House, in which the
fair fame of a common country is involved, that
