i860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
to offer to the Pacific railroad bill which has
passed the House of Representatives.
The amendment was ordered to be printed.
STATE Of THE UNION.
Mr, RICE. I also have a proposition which
I wish to submit to the committee of thirteen; and
I ask thoconsentof the Senate to have it printed.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr.FrrzPAT-
rick.) Does the Senator desire it to be read?
Mr. RICE. No, sir.
The resolution was ordered to be printed.
MESSAGE FltOM TIIE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Barclay, one of its clerks, announced
that the House had passed the bill of the Senate
(No. 523) for the relief of Lieutenant George L.
Hartsuff, United States Army.
BILL BECOME A LAW.
The message further announced that the Pres-
ident of the United States approved and signed,
on the 21st of December, an act (H. R. No. 861)
making appropriations for the payment of invalid
and other pensions of the United States for the
year ending June 30, 1862.
PRINTING OF DOCUMENTS.
The message farther announced that the House
had ordered the printing of the following docu-
ments:
Letter from the Secretary of the Treasury,
transmitting a statement of expenditures for the
Coast Survey during the fiscal year ending June
30, 1860—ordered on the 24th instant, at twelve
o'clock and thirteen minutes;
Letter from the Secretary of the Interior, trans-
mitting the annual statement, required by the act
of May 1, 1820, prepared by the Second Comp-
troller of the Treasury, showing balances of ap-
propriations standing upon the books of that office
to the credit of that Department on the 1st of July,
1859; the amounts appropriated by Congress for
the service of the fiscal year ending 30th of June,
I860, including repayments and transfer of appro-
priations, and the aggregate amounts applicable
to the service of said fiscal year; also the amounts
drawn from said appropriations, or carried to the
surplus fund, from July 1,1859, to June 30,1860,
and the balances remaining in the Treasury at
last named date—ordered on the 24th instant, at
twelve o'clock and fourteen minutes; and
Letter from the Secretary of the Interior, call-
ing the attention of Congress to the abstraction
of Indian trust fund—ordered on the 24th instant,
at one o'clock, p. m.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The following bills, from the House of Repre-
sentatives, were severally read twice by their
titles, and referred as indicated below:
A bill (No. 864) making appropriations for the
consular and diplomatic expenses of the Govern-
ment for the year ending the 30th of June, 1862—
to the Committee on Finance; and
A bill (No. 909) for the relief of Thomas Chit-
tenden—to the Committee on Pensions.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Barclay, one of its clerks, announced
that the House had passed the following bills, in
which the concurrence of the Senate was requested:
A bill (No. 905) for the relief of Lieutenant
George L. Hartsuff, of the United States Army;
A bill (No. 909) for the relief of Thomas Chit-
tenden; and
A bill (No. 864) making appropriations for the
consular and diplomatic expenses of the Govern-
ment for the year ending June 30, 1862.
MILITARY ACADEMY BILL.
The message further announced that the House
had concurred in the amendment of the Senate to
the bill (H. R. No. 862) making appropriations
for the support of the Military Academy for the.
year ending June 30, 1862.
DEFICIENCY BILL.
The message further announced that the House
having corrected the clerical error in the engross-
ment of the bill (H. R. No. 866) to supply de-
ficiencies in the appropriations for the service of
the fiscal year ending June 30, 1861, he was di-
rected to return it to the Senate.
GEORGE L. HARTSUFF.
The bill (H. R. No. 905) for the relief of Lieu-
tenant George L. Hartsuff was read twice by its
title.
Mr. BINGHAM. The Senate passed a simi-
lar bill to this, and the House has just sent us a
notice that they have concurred inSt. I will there-
fore move to lay this bill on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
TERRITORY OF ARIZUMA.
Mr. GREEN. If there is no other morning
business, I move to take up the order of the day,
which is territorial business.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The first ter-
ritorial bill on the Calendar is the bill (S. No.
365) to provide a temporary government for the
Territory of Arizuma, and to create the office of
surveyor general therein.
The bill was read a second time, and consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. GREEN. I shall not make any extended
explanation of this bill, because it is m the ordi-
nary form. The necessity of a territorial organ-
ization for the people there, I think, must be
apparent. Their remote condition from the au-
thority of Santa Fe, the ruling power of New
Mexico, renders it necessary to give them a sep-
arate territorial power. This bill is in the ordinary
form. It contains nothing that will be objection-
able to anybody. The area is sufficient, the char-
acter of the country justifies it, and there will be
a population to make a very fine State. The
country is mostly mineral; but there are some por-
tions of it well adapted to agricultural and grazing
purposes. Without, however, enlarging on this,
I propose a little amendment to the fourteenth
section. I wish to get at the formal parts before
the general debate arises. In the seventh line of
the fourteenth section I move to strike out the
words "in said Territory and," and then in the
eighth line to strike out the words "and Terri-
tories." This section of the bill sets apart the
sixteenth and thirty-sixth sections in each town-
ship of the public lands for school purposes; and
it says that they shall be "applied to schools in
said Territory, and in the States and Territories
hereafter to be erected outof the same." I wish
to confine it exclusively to the States; and I will
explain to the Senate why I propose the change.
The Territories frequently, by virtue of this, claim
the right to dispose of the lands when the popu-
lation is very small, and thu value of the lands
very little; and the consequencc is that the bene-
fits intended to be conferred on the future popu-
lation are all lost, and the lands are put away.
It is better to reserve them during the territorial
existence, and let the States dispose of them.
They will sell to better advantage, and the whole
people will enjoy the benefit, rather than a few
speculators who go out to induce-the Territorial
Legislature to sell, in order that they may buy.
1 wish to deprive the Territory of the power to
sell the sixteenth and thirty-sixth sections—the
school lands—but to leave them in reserve for the
State, and let the State dispose of them.
Mr. GWIN. I ask the Senator from Missouri
whether the Territory, in the mean time, cannot
use these lands—by leasing them, for instance.
Mr. GREEN. Certainly.
Mr. GWIN. Is it intended only that the title
in fee shall not pass until it becomes a State?
Mr. GREEN. Certainly.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GREl5 N. I have another slight amend-
n\entto makc;\p?the sixth section, ninth line,after
the word " residents,".to insert:
Nor shall any law be passed impairing the rights of pri-
vate propeity.
So that the section will read: .
Sf.c. 6. And be it further enacted. That the legislative
power of the Teiritory shall extend to all rightful subjects
of legislation, consistent with the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States and the provisions of this act; but no law shall
be passed interfering with the primary di.-po.<a! of the soil;
no tax fehall be imposed upon the property of the United
States; nor shall the lands oi other property of non-resi-
dents be taxed hiprhor than the lauds or other property of
residents ; nor shall any law be passed impairing the rights
of private pioperty; nor shall any disci hmnation be made
in taxing different kinds of property, but all taxation shall*
be in proportion to the value of the property taxed.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GREEN. I have a third amendment to
offer. In page 9, section nine, line twenty-three,
after the word "jurisdiction," I propose to in-
sert: ,
And authority for redressof all wrongs committed ttgainst
tne Constitution or laws of the United States,or Ter-
ritory, affecting persons or property, . ; .
So that the proviso will read:
Provided, That justices of the peace and probate courts
shall not nave jurisdiction, of any matter in controversy
when the title or boundaries of land may be in dispute, or
where the debt or sum claimed shall exceed ftlfo: fel
tbe said supreme ami district courts, re*pcctiveiy, sfca{l
possess chancery as well as common-law jurisdiction, and
authority for redress of all wrongs committed against tbe
Constitution or laws of the United States, or of the Terri-
tory, affecting persons or property, &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BROWN. I move the following as an
additional section, to comc in at the end of the bill:
Jlnd be it further enacted, That the act of the Legislative
Assembly of New Mexico, approved February 3,"1859, en-
titled "An act to provide for the protection of property in
slaves in this Territory," be, and the same is hereby, ex-
tended to and declared In forcein the Territory of Arizuma,
and it shall not be repealed during the territorial existence
of said Territory.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move to amend the
amendment offered by the Senator from Missis-
sippi, by striking out the whole of it after the
word " that," and inserting:
The law m respect to African slavery as It existed in
said Territory at the time of in acquisition from Mexico,
shalt remain unchanged until its admission as a State.
Mr. DOOLITTLE and Mr. BROWN rose.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Fitzpat-
rick.) The Senator from Mississippi.
Mr. BROWN. If the Senator from Wiscon-
sin desires to go on with the speech which the
Senate expected him to make to-day, I am will-
ing to yield.
JVlr. DOOLITTLE. I intend to speak upon
this amendment.
Mr. BROWN. Then let the Senator go on.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I am willing that the Sen-
ator should finish, unless he designs to occupy
some considerable time.
Mr. BROWN. Go on.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Wisconsin.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President, I shall
vote for the amendment offered by the Senator
from Illinois, [Mr. Trumbull.] We have lived
together, under the Constitution of the United
States, in slaveholding and non-slavebolding States
for more than seventy years, and have lived to-
gether in peace. That peace, however, has rested
upon two fundamental ideas: first, that the Fed-
eral Government and the citizens of the free States
shall make no aggression upon slavery in the
States; and the other, equally fundamental, that
neither the Federal Government nor the slave-
holders of the slave States shall make any aggres-
sions upon or undertake to overturn freedom in
the Territories. Upon these grounds we have
lived together for these eighty years, and we may
live for generations to come; but if the citizens of
the free States or the Federal Government shall
undertake, directly or indirectly, to overturn
slavery in the States where it exists, or if the
citizens of the slave States or the Federal Gov-
ernment shall undertake to overturn freedom in
the Territories, we cannot have peace.
The amendment of the Senator from Missis-
sippi [Mr. Brown] is an attempt by a law of
Congress to repeal the law of .Mexico against
slavery, and to legalize it; while the amendment
of the Senator from Illinois [Mr. Trumbull! af-
firms that the law of freedom existing in the Ter-
ritory at the time of its acquisition shall remain
unchanged during its territorial condition.
Sir, the Constitution of the United States is the
supreme law of the land and of every State, and
speaks the same language and has the same force
everywhere; in Virginia, Wisconsin,and in South
Carolina. That Constitution was made for States,
and not for Territories at all. It does not men-
tion them, except to give Congress the power to
govern them; but when extended over them by act
of Congress it must be construed there, and every-
where, and always, to mean the same—no more,
no less.
If it contains any language which abolishes sla-
very in a Territory, it would abolish it in a State.
If it contains any language which would establish
it in a Territory, it would establish it in every
l/
