196
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 27,
N
State within its jurisdiction, for it tenders the
same oath,'and speaks in the samp voice, every-
where—in every Legislature and in every court.
The wise men who framed it knew that the laws
of "some States would maintain, and the laws of
other States wouHdeny, the right of property in
man. They foresaw that the people of free States
and slave States might disagreee fundamentally
on this question; and, therefore, in a Consti-
tution which was to be adopted by all, and to
become the supreme law of all, they neither
affirmed the right of property in slaves, which
would have established and made perpetual sla-
very in all the States, nor did they expressly deny
the right of property in slaves, which denial would
have abolished slavery in every State, instantly
upon its adoption.
They framed all its provisions in wisdom, and
none more wisely than those which undoubtedly
refer to African slaves. They would not have
the word " slave " in a Constitution for States
which had just come out of a seven years' war
for freedom and the rights of man. It refers to
them always as persons; as persons held to ser-
vice, not by the Constitution or laws of the United
States, but by the laws of the States where held.
State laws may hold them to service, and make
property of the masters' right to their service; but
the Constitution of the United States does not do
it. ItalloAVS the States, if they will, to do it within
their jurisdictions. By the laws of the free States,
minors and apprentices may be held to service till
twenty-one years old. They might change their
laws and hold them until twenty-five years old.
In the slave States white persons, minors and
apprentices, arc also hcld*till twenty-one years
old. Their laws might be changed so as to dis-
charge them at eighteen or hold them until twenty-
five. So colored persons of African descent may
be held to service till twenty-one, or thirty, or
fifty years of age, or for life.
The Constitution recognizes the fact that per-
sons may be held to service under the laws of the
several States; and provides that if they escape to
another State, they shall not be discharged from
such service, but shall bo delivered up on claim
of the party to whom such service or labor may
be due " But 1 desire, now, to confine myself to
the territorial question. I may recur to this sub-
ject of the rendition of fugitives hereafter.
Mr. President, so much has been said about the
famous Dred Scott case, that it may appear rather
late at this day to speak of the principles agreed
upon by the majority of the judges, if, indeed,
they were agreed upon anything, except that
Dred Scott waa not a citizen, and therefore could
not sue in a Federal court. I will state one thing,
however, which was not decided. I believe that
no gentleman who has carefully considered their
opinions will take issue with me when I say that
nothing contained in that decision or in the opin-
ions of a majority of the judges can warrant any
man in maintaining that the Constitution of the
United States, of its own force, enters a Territory
where slavery lias already been abolished by law
of the sovereign power of whom we acquired it,
and establishes or guaranties the right to take and
hold slaves in any such Territory in violation of
that law. I will admit thc.t a majoiky of the
judges oxpicssed the opinion that the act of Con-
gress abolishing slavery in a portion of Louisiana
Territory was void; but they put their opinion
upon the ground that the Constitution gives to
Congress no power of legislation upon that sub-
ject. Justices Taney, Campbell, Grier, Wayne,
and Daniel all concur in that. But with the ex-
ception of one or two sentences in the opinion of
Justicc Taney looking in that direction, there is
nothing contained m the opinions of those judges
which justifies any one in inferring the right to
lake and hold slaves mall the Territories, including
those acquired from Mexico, wherein slavery was
abolished, not by a law of Congress, but by a law
of Mexico, before their acquisition.
I admit that one of the questions upon which
a majority gave their opinion was, the power of
Congress to abolish slavery in a Teiritory, and in
a Teiritory m which slavery existed, at the time
of its acquisition, by the law of France. Justice
Catron denied the power, upon the giound that
the exercise of it was in violation of the treaty
with France. Justice Grier concurred in the
opinion of the court, that the act of Congress of
1820 was unconstitutional and void; but he did not
give the reason for that opinion. Justicc Nelson
concurred in the judgment of the court, upon the
ground that the question had been disposed of by
the law of Missouri; that, whatever might have
been the effect of the law of Congress on the terri-
tory north of 36° 30' upon Dred Scott, on his re-
turn to Missouri, by the law of that State and the
decisions of its courts, he returned to the condi-
tion of a slave. He concurred in the judgment of
the court, but no-t in the opinion of the Chief Jus-
tice. Justice McLean and JusticeCurtisdissented
from the opinion altogether; and, it is a remark-
able fact, but one judge (Justice Wayne) con-
curred in the opinion of Judge Taney, " without
any qualification of its reasoning or its conclu-
sions.
Now, sir, the point which I make, and to which
I desire to call the attention of gentlemen on the
other side of the Chamber, is this: that there is
nothing in this Dred Scott decision, or in the opin-
ions expressed by a majority of the judges mak-
ing that decision, upon which gentlemen can base
any right to take and hold slaves in the territories
acquired from Mexico; with theexception of one
or two sentences contained in the opinion of the
chief justice, which may be tortured into that,
there is nothing, absolutely nothing, in the Dred
Scott case, to justify them in saying that the Con-
stitution of the United States enters the territo-
ries we have acquired from Mexico, repeals the
Mexican law against slavery, and establishes a
law, or guaranties the right to take and hold slaves
in those Territories in violation of the Mexican
law. All the world knows that by the laws of
nations, and by the decisions of all courts in civ-
ilized countries, the municipal laws of a ceded
territory remain in full force until changed by
the sovereign power to whom the cessionis made.
The law of Louisiana territory, as ceded by
France, was the law of slavery until the passage of
the Missouri act abolishing it north of 30° 30', and
west of Missouri. The law of New Mexico and
Arizona is the law of freedom until changed by
Congress, or by some other body or tribunal under
its authority. Suppose we were to acquire Can-
ada, where, by the law of that country, or by
usage—having the force of law—the institution
of slavery is not allowed to exist: do gentlemen
on the other side of the Chamber contend that
the moment we should acquire that territory the
Constitution enters it, repeals the law against
slavery, and establishes a law in favor, or guar-
anties a right by winch slaves may be taken
and held there in violation of its existing law?
Where are the words in the Constitution which
give any such power? If there are any which
would give it such power there, they do it in
Wisconsin and in every other State in the Uni-
ted States; for the Constitution is declared to
be the supreme law of every State, anything in
their laws or constitutions to the contrary not-
withstanding. Tins amendment, therefore, pro-
posed by my honoiable friend fiom Illinois, [Mr.
Trumbull,] that the law of Mexico existing in this
Territory against slavery, at the time of its acqui-
sition, should remain unchanged until it is admit-
ted into the Union as a sovereign State, meets
the case exactly, and does not conflict even with
the opinion of the Chief Justice, much less of a
majority of the judges, in the Dred Scott case.
For one, I can never assent to the principle,
that Congress has no power to legislate for the
Territories upon this subject; but 1 have discussed
that on another occasion, and will njft repeat my
argument now. 1 turn now to the /onsidemtion
of other subjects. ^ #
The other day, the Senator from Tennessee,
[Mr. Nicholson,] whom I do not now see in
his seat, stated that at the present time there
was a very wide-spread alarm existing in the
southern States in relation to the principles and
ulterior designs of the Republican party. He
said that it was not so much the violation of the
fugitive slave law, nor the denial of the right to
enter the Territory with slaves, which occasioned
that alarm, but from the growing numbers and
power of the free States, he apprehended that the
time would come when they would have power
to amend the Constitution itself, and give to the
Federal Government the power to abolish slavery
in the States, if it be true that such wide-spread
alarm exists among his people—and 1 do not
doubt it—I desire to ask that honorable Senator
why he did not, while speaking upon that sub-
ject, embrace in his speech, which is to circulate
among his constituents, the expressive language
adopted by the Republican party, as one of its
fundamental principles, at Chicago. I will read it:
"That the maintenance inviolate of the rights of the
States, and especially the right of each State to order ami
control its own domestic institutions, according to its own
judgment exclusively, is essential to that balance of power
on which the perfection and endurance ot our political fabric
depends ; and we denounce the lawless invasion by armed
foice of any Stale or Territory, no matter under what pre-
text, as among the gieatest of crimes."
If that honorable Senator desires that the peo-
ple of his State should know what are the views
of the Republican party, and especially of that
man who is about to take possession of one de-
partment of the Government, why, 1 ask, in all
candor, should he not, in his speech, which is to
circulate among his people, incorporate these au-
thorized declarations of the Republican party? Mr.
Lincoln has been elected as President of the Uni-
ted States, and certainly, if that Senator desires,
instead of increasing, to quiet the alarm of his
citizens, why dons ho not quote in his speech, so
that it can reach them—for ours do not—what
Mr. Lincoln declared, over and over again, in the
State of Illinois in the presence of his own people ?
Why not let your people understand precisely the
grounds upon which Mr. Lincoln and the Repub-
lican party do stand? Quoting into his speech the
other day that one declaration which was made
the subject-matter of so much discussion between
Mr. Lincoln and the honorable Sen'atorfrom Illi-
nois, [Mr. Douolas,] in the canvass of 1858, I
insist that it would have been but just and fair to
his own constituents, as well as to the President
elect and to the Republican party, that he should
have quoted, also, into his speech what Mr. Lin-
coln has said, again and again, in reference to
this same declaration. Upon one occasion, in re-
ply to the charge of Mr. Douglas that he was in
favor of making war by the North upon the South
for the extermination of slavery, Mr. Lincoln
said:
" i do not believe the language I employed tvillbearany
such construction : 1 know that I never meant any such
thin?, and 1 believe that no fau mind can infer any such
thing tiom anything 1 have evei said.
If, indeed, your people rest under such appre-
hensions, why not proclaim in every speech that
can reach the people of the slaveholding States,
that the incoming President declares:
£< I have no puipose, directly or indirectly, to niteifere
with the institution of slave* v in the States wheio tt e\isf=:.
I believe I have no lawful right to do so, and 1 have no in-
clination to do so." * when it is
paid that I am in favor of interfering with slaveiy wheie it
ousts, 1 know it is unwarranted by anything I have ever
intended,and, as I believe, by anything 1 have evei said."
* * * * "I hold myself under consntution.il
obligations to allow the people m all the States, without in-
teifeience, direct or indirect, to do exactly as they please,
and I deny that I have any inclination to interieie with
tbeni, even if there weie no such constitutional obliga-
tion "
If there is one thing for which he is known and
distinguished, it is for his inflexible integrity of
purpose, unquestioned even by his bitterest polit-
ical enemies. When he declares that he has no
purpose, no inclination, and believes that he has
no constitutional power, either directly or indi-
rectly, to interfere with slavery in the States; that
he could not if he would, and would not if he
could, I ask the Scnatorfroni Tennessee why not,
in Heaven's name, quote these declarations into
the speeches which he is sending home to his con-
stituents, if, in truth, he desires to quietthat alarm
which ho says exists among them.
Mr. NICHOLSON. Mr. President 
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Mason in
the chair.) Does the Senator from Wisconsin
yield to the Senator from Tennessee?
Mr. DOOL1TTLE. Yes, sir.
Mr. NICHOLSON. I must say to the Senator
from Wisconsin that, in the remarks which I
ljiado in commenting on the Republican platform,
I stated in explicit language, as plain as I could
utter it, that in that platform they professed their
determination to regard the rights which southern
men claimed in their slaves in the States, and
that Mr. Lincoln fully and explicitly accords with
the sentiment and declarations of his platform. I
did not quote the language of the platform m that
respect. I stated, though, what was my view of
