1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Wi
that platform, and that it did profess explicitly
to allow to the people of the southern States the
enjoyment of their rights within the States, but
laid down a principle outside of the States which,
if carried out to its ultimate consequences, would
destroy their rights within the States. I do not
know what more I could have done without quot-
ing the whole platform and Mr. Lincoln's discus-
sions with Mr. Douglas, which would have oc-
cupied more time than 1 desired to consume.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I understood the Senator
from Tennessee to say that their great apprehen-
sion was, that the purpose of the Republican party
in getting possession of the Government was
so to increase the number and power of the free
States that they would obtain, at last, the power
of amendment over the Constitution; and when
they obtained that, it was their purpose to ex-
ercise it, and emancipate the slaves within the
States. I understand him to say that in substance
J10W.
Mr. NICHOLSON. 1 took the position that
the policy, principles, and measures of the Re-
publican party as avowed by them, if carried to
their consequences, in the course of time, would
extinguish slavery in the States. I expressed the
apprehension that when they had the power, by
the increase of free States, if they intended to
carry out their purpose of ultimate extinction of
slavery, they would resort to that power, and
thereby bring about the result which their candi-
date, Mr. Lincoln, expressly said he desired
should come about—the final extinction of slavery.
That was my position.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President, the Repub-
lican party, as 1 understand it, maintain the re-
served rights of the States; that all powers not
■expressly delegated, or necessary to carry into
effect the powers which are delegated, by the Con-
stitution of the United States, are expressly re-
served to the States; and that it is fundamental
to maintain the independence and sovereignty of
the several States in respect to all matters which
are not conferred upon the general Government by
the Constitution; and that among the powers not
conferred, but reserved to the States, is an abso-
lute, independent, sovereign control over all their
domestic institutions; and I undertake to say to
that honorable Senator, that there are no Repub-
licans to be found, within my knowledge, within
any of the States, who have ever expressed the
purpose, or the desire, that the general Govern-
ment should have the power to interfere with
slavery in the States. Not one, sir.
I know that some years ago,a book published
by Mr. Lysander Spooner, took the ground that
the Constitution of the United States, of itself,
abolished slavery; but, sir, it finds very few sup-
porters. It is just as unfounded as that other
idea which finds, I regret to say, so many sup-
porters now in the South, but which found very
few,even there, until 1343—that the Constitution
of the United States is a slavery-extending Con-
stitution, and by its own force establishes sla-
very, or what is the same thing, guaranties the
right to take and hold slaves, in the Territories.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I avail myself of this oc-
casion to ask the Senator a question, as he speaks
knowingly on this subject. I have no knowledge
of the fact, but it was published in a newspaper,
and therefore I call his attention to it. He says
that no respectable authority, or man of standing,
adopts this view of Spooner. There was a pub-
lication last winter in some of the newspapers, I
think, stating that the honorable Senator from
New York [Mr. Seward] had commended the
work in very high terms. There was a note pub-
lished, purporting to have come from him. Now,
I should like to know of the honorable Senator,
whether he means to say that that was a forgery;
or does he mean to say that the honoiable Sen-
ator from New York is not such authority as
should be considered of weight in the country on
these questions?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I remember, too, that the
honorable Senator from Mississippi [Mr. Brown]
also commended the book as one of great ability,
here, on the floor of the Senate. He thought Mr.
Spooner was a man of great ability and ingenuity.
But, I repeat, this idea that the Constitution of the
United States abolishes slavery by force of ns own
terms, in any State or Territory, or that it estab-
lishes slavery in any State or Territory, has not,
in my opinion, the shadow of afoundatiori. The
truth is, that upon eitherground, the Constitution
never could have been formed at all. It was framed
by men who knew the words which they em-
ployed, and the meaning of those words. They
recognized, it is true, the rights of the Stat s to
have persons held to scrvice under their own State
laws—not under the Constitution, nor under the
laws of the United States, but under their own laws.
They acknowledged the right, and made it the
duty, that persons so held to service, when es-
caping into other States, or those States where
such laws did not exist, should be delivered up
on claim of the person to whom the service was
due. But they have not declared, anywhere in
the Constitution of the United States, that prop-
erty in man exists by virtue of its provisions.
They neither affirm nor deny that it can exist by
State authority under State law. They leave,
just as they intended to leave, each State perfect-
ly sovereign and independent over its own laws
on the subject of slavery. There was aprovision,
itis true, that until 1808, Congress should nothave
power to prevent States from importing or im-
migrating such persons as they should desire to
have come into their jurisdictions; but the Con-
stitution of the United States does not refer to
them as property, nor as merchandise; but refers
to them as persons held to service. The law of
the slave States makes them property; the law
of the free States does not make them property.
Tho Constitution does not make them either.
That is the truth about it.
Neither Mr. Spooner, with his idea that the
Constitution abolishes slavery, nor this fanatical
idea that has grown up within the last ten or
twelve years at the South that the Constitution
cstaolishes slavery, has any foundation what-
ever. I say to these gentlemen that, upon that
idea that tile Constitution establishes slavery, you
cannot have peace on the slavery question; and
you may just as well know it first as last. The
people of the United States do not believe that the
Constitution is, and will never consent that it shall
be altered so that it will become, a slavery-extend-
ing Constitution by force of its own terms. We
do not ask either that you put upon it that con-
struction which shall abolish slavery in any State
or in any Territory. We say, let the Constitution
be as our fathers made it; let it be neutral—neither
affirming nor denying, and then you can have
peace.
Mr. President, one word further as to the pur-
pose or designs of the President elect of the United
States. He says;
"Let me say I have no prejudice iicainst the southern
people. Tliey aie just wlmt we would be in their Muni-
tion. If slaveiy (lid not exist among them, they would not
introduce it. If it (lid now exist among us, we should not
instantly give it up. This I believe of the masses, Noitli
and South. Doubtless there are individuals on both sides
who would not hold slaves under any circumstances; and
others who would gladly introduce slavery anew if it were
now out of existence. We know that some southern men
do free their slaves, go north, and become tip-top Aboli-
tionists; while some northern ones go south, and become
most cruel .-.lave masteis.
" When southern people tell us they are no moio re-
sponsible for the origin ot slavery than we are, I acknowl-
edge the fact. When it is said that the institution exists,
and that it is very dnficult to getndof it in any satisfactory
way, I can understand and appreciate the saying. I surely
will not blame them for not doing what I should not know
how to do myself. It all eaitllly power were given me, 1
should not know what to do as to the exiting institution.
My fust impulse would be to fice all the slaves, and send
them to Liberia—to their own native laud. But a moment's
reflection would convince me that, whatever of high hope—.
as I think there i—there may he in this, in the long run its
sudden execution is impossible. If they were all landed
there in a "day. they would perMi in the next ten days; ard
there are not sut plus shipping and surplus money enough
in the world to carry them tlieie in many times ten day-.
What then? Free them all, and keep them among us as
underlings ? Is it quite certain that this betters their con-
dition? I think I would not hold one 111 slavery, at any
rate ; yet the point is not clear enough to denounce people
upon. What next ? Free them, and make them politically
and socially our equals ? My own feelings will not admit
of tins: and if mine would, we well know that those of the
great mass of white people will not Whether this feeling
accords with justice and sound judgment, is not the sole
question, if, indeed, it is any pait ot it. A universal feel-
ing, whether well or ill founded, cannot ho safely disre-
garded. We cannot, then, make them equals. It does
seem to me that systems of gradual emancipation might be
adopted ; but for that tardiness in this respect, I will not
undeitaketo judge 0111 brethren of the South
'•When they remind Us of their constitutional lights, I
acknowledge them—not giudgmgly, but tully and iauljs
and I would Live them any legislation foi the reclaiming 01
their fugitives which should not, in its stringency, be moie
likely to carry a free mail into slavery than our ordinary
criminal laws are to hailg an innocent one."—SfeecK'at'
Ottawa, Illinois, Jhiguxt 21,1658. ' <' ' ; '
Now, X ask gentlemen upon the,other sido'of
the Chamber, those of you who do not
upon this agitation for the purpose of making the
agitation greater; those of you who"do; hot wish
to aggravate this excitement and quarrel;, those
of you who desire_ pence and the preservation of
the Union, why, in the speeches that y-ou cir-
culate among your people, do you not iticltiffe
these declarations of Mr. Lincoln, made a hun-
dred times over in his own State, and published
throughout the whole of the free States, with the
full knowledge of which he has been elected "by
such majorities to be the President of the United
States? If you want peace among your people,
why is it not just and fair; and why are you not
called upon, if you desire to quiet the alarm
which you say is. existing among them, to put
these declarations into your speeches, and circu-
late them among your people?
And now, Mr. President, I desire to speak of
what are now alleged to be the causes of irritation
existing at the present moment between the citi-
zens of the slttveholding and non-slaveholding
States. One which was introduced by the hon-
orable Senatorfrom Kentucky [Mr. Powell] the
other day, I regretted exceedingly to see intro-*
duced at this time. The subject-matter of it has '
existed from the very foundation of the Govern-
ment, but I believe it is but very recently that we
have heard of it, in connection with this contro-
versy. The complaint is this: that some of the
non-slaveholding States x-efuse'to surrender crim-
inals who arefugitives from justice. I know that
upon this subject of demanding fugitives from
justice, the States have generally adopted this as
the rule of their action: if tho erime with which
the individual stood charged was a crime within
the laws ef the State to which he flees, he should
be surrendered; and nototherwi.se. Such lias been
the practice of the oldest States, beginning with
Virginia, at a very early day. When certain in-
dividuals were demanded by the State of Pennsyl-
vania to be delivered up as fugitives from justice,
charged with kidnapping free negroes from that
State, the Governor of Virginia refused to deliver
them up, and put his refusal upon that ground.
So, too, in relation to obtaining money under false
pretenses.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Will the Senator be good
enough to give us his authority for that last as-
sertion? 1 should like to examine that.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. You will find it referred
to in one of the dissenting opinions of the Prigg
case.
Mr. BENJAMIN. In the Prigg case?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Yes, sir. So, too, in re-
lation to the obtaining of property by false pre-
tenses. We all know that obtaining property^ by
false tokens, or false pretenses, was not a crime
at the common law; it was a simple misdemeanor,
a cheat; but by the laws of the State of New
York it is made a felony; and since they have
made this a felonious crime, they have sometimes
demanded fugitives from the State of New York
to be delivered up by several States, by Ohio, and
other States, and they have been refused in those
States where the crime is not made felonious by
their own laws, but remains as a simple misde-
meanor.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Maine refused Massa-
chusetts, 011 the same ground.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I understand my friend
here to say that Maine has refused to deliver up
to Massachusetts, oil precisely the same giound,
It was because the States were unwilling that the
State of New York, in which the great commercial
transactions take place, should have the power to
make every cheat, every fraud, a felony underthe
law of New York, and make those laws a kind
of criminal creditor's bill, by which they could
send out the process of the State of New York,
and demand his surrender from other States, to
bring him within the jurisdiction of that State,
and enforce the payment of a debt.
So, too, between the States bordering upon the
Ohio. A man, a member of the Legislature—I
believe it was of the State of Kentucky—several'
yuars ago, was indictccl in the State of Indiana
for the offense of Ttid napping free negroes from
the State of Indiana, ana taking them into the
