198
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 27,
State of Kentucky. The Governor of Indiana
made a requisition upon the Governor of Ken-
tucky, and the Governor of Kentucky refused to
deliver him up, and upon the same principle. So,
too, it is true, as the Senator from Kentucky has
stated, the Governor of Kentucky has demanded
of the Governor of Ohio to surrender up one in-
dicted for stealing slaves from the State of Ken-
tucky, which was refused, and put upon precisely
the same ground, that the test of criminality
should be the law of the State to which they flee,
and not the State from which they escapc.
Mr. President, lay aside all this excitement that
exists in this body, and throughout the country,
on this negro question, and I undertake to say that
there are not ten men to be found on this floor who
would advocate the doctrine thata State, by its own
laws, can make whatsoever it pleases a crime, and
that its indictment shall be conclusive evidence
of the guilt as well as of the escape of the per-
son charged, and that ho shall be absolutely sur-
rendered by the Governor of the State where he
may be found. The honorable Senator from Ken-
tucky may complain that it is annoying. So I
grant it is. It is exceedingly annoying that the
free negroes of Ohio and of Indiana can be kid-
napped and carried into slavery in Kentucky, or
elsewhere. So it is annoying for the slavehold-
- ere, on the contrary, that their slaves may be en-
^ ticed to run away from them. 1 know ail that;
but, sir, there is a higher principle involved. I
will read my authority for the statement which I
made in relation to the action of the Governor of
Kentucky—a statement which I find in the Louis-
ville Journal:
"Governor Magoffin knows very well that one of his
predecessors, a Governor of this State, a good many years
ago, refused, upon a requisition from the Governor of In-
diana, to hunender a fugitive charged with kidnapping si
negro fioin that State, the ground assumed being that it was
no crime by Kentucky law. The oflemlei in that case was,
wc understand, n membei of the, Kentucky LeirHature,
and he was demanded as a fugitive from ju-tice bv the
Governor of Indiana for having gone over to that {State and
foicibh seized and brought a negro to Kentucky without
legal pioeess*.; and the Governor ot Kentucky, vu^talned by
the Kentueky Legif-lanue, declined, as we have paid, to
surrender the alleged lugitive, on the gionnd that he had
done nothing which the laws of Kentucky recognized as a
crime."
I do not care to go into a discussion of whether
the right or wrong principle has been adopted by
the Governors of these several States, in insisting
that the crime for which they are to be delivered
up should be a crime within their own limits or
not; but whichever is right, or whichever is wrong,
it is a principle which has prevailed in this coun-
try almost from the beginning of the Government,
and ought not to be brought forward to-day for the
purpose of aggravating the excitement now exist-
ing in the slave States, to prove that the people of
the free States arc unwilling faithfully, to all in-
tents and purposes, to abide by the Constitution,
and by ail its compromises.
Mr. Piesident, another cause of irritation is
alleged to be the non-rendition of fugitives from
service. I admit the validity of the clause in the
Constitution which denies to any State the power
to discharge a fugitive from .service from the obli-
gation he owes to his master. I admit that it js
one of the clauses of the Constitution which 1
have sworn to support, and I feel bound m con-
science to admit the validity of this clause, as
well as of every other clause in the Constitution.
While I do this, I must say, m ail fiankness and
sincerity, that two questions have arisen on the
construction of this clause of the Constitution.
Foi myself, believing as 1 do that the Constitu-
tion of the United States should be strictly con-
strued, if it were left for me I should decide that
it did not belong to Congress to legislate at all on
this subject; that it belonged to the States, and
only to the States; and that it would be the duty
of the States, if it were left to them, and to them
alone, to make provision bylaw faithfully to carry
into effect this clause of the Constitution. This
same opinion was expressed by Mr. Webster, and
by Mr. ilhett, of South Carolina, when members
of tin* body; the same opinion was expressed by
a majority of the judges of the supreme couit of
Wisconsin. Att'esame time,! admit, with equal
frankness, lor I have to concealment whatever
on this question, that the majority of ttie peo-
ple of the United Star'3, ''all sec/,ions and of all
parties to-day, outside of the State where I reside,
admit that by this clause of the Constitution and
the action of the Government under it, Congress
does possess power to legislate for the rendition
of fugitive slaves. The Supreme Court of the
United States on repeated occasions, and the su-
preme courts of Massachusetts, Ohio, and New
York, composed, too, of Republican judges, have
held that it belongs to Congress and not to the
States to legislate on this point. 1 understand, too,
that by the clear declaration of thePresident elect,
(Mr. Lincoln,) he is one among the number who
admit thatCongress possesses the power to legis-
late on this subject. He said, in his speech at
Alton, on the 15th of October, 1858: -
" E suppose most of us (I know it of myself) believe that
the people of the southern Slates arc entitled to a congres-
sional fugitive slave law. As the right is constitutional, I
agree that the legislation shall be granted to it, and that not
that we like the institution of slavery. Wc piofess to have
no taste for running and catching negroes; at least, I profess
no taste for that job at all. Why, then, do 1 yield support
to a fugitive slave law ? Because I do not understand that
the Constitution, which guaranties that light, can be sup-
ported without it."
Now, although, as 1 have stated frankly, in my
own opinion it belongs to the States, and not to
Congress, to legislate on this subjcct, still, I am
bound to dcclare with ccjual frankness that the
President elect of the United has declared again
and again that it belongs to Congress; and that
Congress is bound to give an efficient fugitive
slave law. In his own language:
" I would give them any legislation for the reclaiming of
thoir fugitives which should not, in its stiingenev, be more
likely to carry a freeman into slavery than our oidinary
ciiminal laws are to hang an innocent one."
While, in my judgment, reasomngas I do in favor
ofastrictconstructionofthe Constitution,! believe
that it belongs to the States, and not to Congress,
to legislate; still, 1 am compelled to admit that,
outside of my own State, the judicial authority
has been almost unanimous the other way; and
such is the opinion entertained by the President
elect; I must say, however, that in my humble
opinion, reason is upon one side, and the weight
of precedent and authority is upon the other.
But, Mr. President, what have been the facts in
relation to the execution of the fugitive slave law?
Where has any slave that has over been taken into
custody,and been brought before a commissioner
under the fugitive slave law—wheiehasany such
slave, with the exception of two or three instances,
ever been rescued or ever escaped? In my own
State a slave was arrested under circumstances
calculated to produce an immense degree of ex-
citement in the immediate locality. He was res-
cued; and this fugitive slave law was put into
execution against an individual who was charged
with being instrumental in his rescue I refer to
the editor of a newspaper in the city of Milwau-
kee. He was brought before the district court of
the United States, and convicted and sentenced;
and he is in prison now. That is the only case
that ever occurred in Wisconsin. How has the
fact been in Illinois, in Ohio, in Indiana, and
anywhere in the United States, in reference to
any pcison who has actually escapcd as a fugi-
tive and been claimed under this law?
But gentlemen say that fugitives sometimes
escape, without ever being arrested. That is
very true indeed; so they do; but that is not the
fault of the law. That grows out of the fact that
you own a species of property which has a will
and legs of its own, and which desires sometimes
to escapc to liberty. That is your misfortune,
not ours. If you invest your money m a species
of property which has a will and power of its own
'to escape, we arc not rcponsible for that. Wc
are not made insurers of your slave property,
against its running away. We are only required
to surrender persons held in your service when
you claim them.
But, Mr. Piesident, I desire to look at this in
another point of view. The Senator from Vir-
ginia, [Mr. Mason,] the other day, told us that it
was estimated in 1850, that at least $100,000 every
year of property in negro slaves was lost from
the State of Vitginia; and he believes that the
same is true now, that the annual loss of Virginia
by the escape of slaves is $100,000. Concede it,
for the sake of my argument. W is the w.- <;e
value of the p aperty in slaves in Virginia, or
what was it before this recent panic ? On an
average they were worth from five hundred to
one thousand dollars apiece, as I am told by
; gentlemen; perhaps, half that now. There are
about five hundred thousand in the State of Vir-
ginia. At $800 apiece, they would amount to
§400,000,000. Now I ask what is the annual loss
of theStateofVirginiaupon$400,000,000in thees-
cape of fugitive slaves? The Senator says $100,000.
One hundred thousand dollars upon $400,000,000
is but one fortieth of one per cent.; it is but one
fourth of a mill on a dollar, growing out of the
peculiar risk which men who invest their prop-
erty in slaves run in the State of Virginia; and
that is one of the border States of this Confeder-
acy. Concede that this estimate of the Senator
from Virginia is right, that the State of Virginia
loses $100,000 every year: it is a loss, I repeat, of
but one fourth of a mill on a dollar, and one for-
tieth of one per cent. Every species of property
has its own peculiar risks. If you invest in lana,
in grain, in merchandise, in stocks—invest your
property in what you will, it has peculiar risks of
its own; and the loss on this property, which is
subjected toapeculiai risk, gi owing out of the fact
that the person that is made the subjcct of prop-
erty has a will and a disposition to run away, is
but one fourth of a mill on a dollar—less than the
peculiar risk which is incurred on any other spe-
cies of property in the United States.
Why, Mr. President, suppose the slavehold-
ers of Virginia were to form themselves into a
mutual insurance company, by which to insuro
themselves against loss from the escape of their
slaves: how slight, indeed, would be the amount
paid upon that insurance! One fourth of a mill
on a dollar of the slave property of Virginia would
secure that property against all loss by runaway
slaves. This peculiar species of property which is
subjected to so slight a risk has peculiar ad vantages,
too, under the Constitution of the United States.
It is entitled to representation. That cannot be
said of any other property. Four hundred mil-
lion of the property of Virginia is represented
in the other branch of this Congress; and for the
bencfitof thisrepresentation, is itanythmg strange
that those who own that propeity in Virginia
should be subjected to some peculiar additional
risk ? When that risk is ho slight—the one fourth
of a mill on the dollar—they have no right, on
that ground, to undertake to break up this Union,
to destroy all its advantages, and plunge the coun-
try into eivil war.
I ask, what will you gain by breaking the bond
of the Union? launder this bond, which now
compels us to surrender your fugitives, you incur
the risk of but one fouith of a mill on a dollar in
the border States, how much liskwiil you inrurif
you break the bond, and we are no longer held to
surrender your fugitives? Biing down the line of
Canada to Virginia, and then how much risk would
the slave property of Virginia have to pay to secure
themselves against loss by escapc? Would one
pcrcent., five per cent., ay, sir, would ten per
cent, secure you against the loss from the escape
of your slaves ?
Mr. President, let the bond of this Union be
broken, and the non-slaveholding States no longer
compelled by the Constitution to surrender these
fugitives, and slave property would of necessity
letire from the border. I assure gentlemen on
the other side of the Chamber that those men
who are regarded as the Abolitionists in this
country; those men who have denounced the
Constitution as being a covenant with hell, be-
cause we were bound to return these fugitives to
slavery,stand looking on to-day witii an anxiety
and intensity of interest which you cannot con-
ceive. Their prayers go up, day and night, that
this Union may be broken—that the free States
of the North may no longer be compelled by the
bond of Union to surrender your fugitive slaves.
They know what the effect would be; and they
desire the dissolution of the Union, to produce
just that effect in all the border States. Now, by
the statement of the gentleman from Virginia, the
loss which is submitted to by that State—and it is
a border State—is but one fourth of a mill on a
dollar. Break the bond of the Union, and no ten
per cent, upon the full value of the slave property
of Virginia would secure them against loss by the
escape of fugitive slaves.
So, too, Mr. piesident, these very Abolitionists
whose declarations have so often lk under-
taken by our political enemies to be identified
with the doctrine and purposes of the Republican
party, stand in anxious suspense, hoping and
