1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1159
the opinion that it would hp very valuable to judges, district
attorneys, and other and thPiefore recommend
such legir-lation by Consuls is contemplated b> ifopjoint
resolution No. 39, which I have now the honor heiowkhto
return.
Veiy respectfully, youi obedient seivant,
J. THOMPSON, Secretary.
Hon. R. VV Johnson, Chairman of the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, United States Senate.'
This is a compilation,a digest, riot only of the
laws which are scattered in every direction through
our general collection of laws, but of all the de-
cisions of the various courts in regard to a num-
ber of subjects here mentioned, which renders the
volume of exceeding value, not only to the public
service, but to every private legal library. Under
the authority of the committee, I brought in the
resolution during the last session, with a limita-
tion that m no event should more than two thou-
sand copies be purchaspd for the use of the Gov-
ernment. H comes peculiarly recommended, and
comes with advantages and benefits to the public
service of peculiar value. 1 ask that the resolution
may now be considered and passed; and I hope
and believe it will excite no debate, after this, as
I think, full explanation of the matter.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate re-
sumed, as m the Committee of the Whole, the
consideration of the joint resolution (S. No. 39)
authorizing the Secretary of the Interior to pur-
chase certain books, the question be ins; on the
amendment of the Committee on Public Lands, to
strike out ail after the resolving clause, and in-
sert:
That the Secretary of the Interior be, and is hereby,
authorized to puichase of W. W. Lester, Mich numhci of
copies of u Le>uu':s L«u d [jaws, Hegulations, caul Decis-
ion V may ,n' neces>ary to finni^h one-copy to each sur-
veyor geneia), resistor of a land oflice.ancl receiver of pub-
lic moiipys, and io every olheei of the (Jmteil Stat'"- now
cmitled bv law to the I aw-a oi the United Static, pubh-bed
by Little & Brown, to be belafoi the ti^e oi tb< ir le^pi-r-nvc
odices, at a puce not exceeding loui iloU.u.- j i*i coj>\ : P)0-
ridcrf, hotvever, Tb.it no sjicaiei numbei ot copies .-hall be
purchased than may be ictjuin-d by the ret ins above set
totth, aiuL^hall m no event exceed #2.000: JJad fuithcr,
That it $-2,000 «;|ial! piove to be instiliicieut to supply the
ofiioea bejcnibofoic tpoeificd, then u hlial! be the duly of
the Secretary of the humor to select ^uch piopci ollices
lb) thedistubution a-, in hi& judgment, shall be deemed best
for the public interest.
Mr FESSENDEN. I do not know but that
the amendment is well enough; but I do not sec
any reason for passing it at all. It looks to ine
very much like a great many things of the same
kind wo have had. A man has compiled a book,
and he wants to yell it, and he comes here, and
we are asked to buy a couple of thousand copies
for the different offices. There is no reason why
these officers should not inform themselves of the
laws governing their offices, and their duties, as
other people do. Yv"hy should we again begin the
system of purchasing these publications, and giv-
ing them currency? We stopped it once, and 1
think we may as well keep it stopped. At any
rate, we have not any money to lay out in books
now.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. After the ex-
planation I have made, I do not think if necessary
to consume time, in reply to the Senator from
Maine. 1 merely ask that a vote be taken.
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr.Mason in
the chair) put the question on the amendment,
and declared that the noes appeared to have it.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. There was but
one man voting on each side. Ineverheaid of
such ,j decision.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
can call for a division.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Certainly the
amendment ought to be adopted.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The amendment is well
enough, I suppose.
The amendment was agreed to; there being, on
adtvision—ayes twenty-seven, noes not counted.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
as amended, and the amendment was concurred in.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now is, "Shall the joint resolution be engrossed j
and read the third timer"
Mr. KING. I ask for the yeas and nays on
the passage.
Several Senators. Oh, no; we shall reject it
without.
Mr. BRIGHT. I should like to hear the res-
olution read, or sonv* g"ntleman state what it is.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The joint res-
olution will be read the third time.
Mr. COLLAMER. I suggest that the ques-
tion on the third reading be taken by a count,
without the yeas and nays.
Mr. KING. I will withdraw the call for the
yeas and nays until a count is had.
POST ROUTE BILL.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr.Mason in
the chair.) it is the duty of the Chair to announce
that the special order for half past eleven o'clock
is the bill establishing certain post routes, which
must be taken up.
Mr. POLK. That bill has been occupying the
morning hour of the Senate for three or four days
past; and I think it ought to be postponed, that
we may be allowed to do something else which
does not require so much time. '
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I ask that it
be postponed informally, until we take a vote on
this joint resolution.
Air. POLK. I move to postpone it until one
o'clock, because then some other things can come
up.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Attwelveo'cIoclc,I shall
move to take up the civil appropriation bill.
Mr. POLK. WJI, then, to-morrow at one
° The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair is
infoimed that the Senatorfrom Missouri is prob-
ably mistaken as to the hill to which he referred.
The bill to which the Senator refers is the bill
(PI. It. No. 950) in relation to the postal service.
The biif which is before the Senate at eleven
0 'clock is the bill estabhshingeertam post routes.
Mr. POLK. 1 am not. mistaken. It has been
up throe mornings; at least the whole morning
houi has been occupied for two days with speeches
01 The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
rntoitam the motion.
Mr. POLK. I move that the bill be postponed
until to-moirow at half past twelve o'clock.
Mr. LATtlAM. I hope that will not prevail.
I think the object might be obtained by post-
poning it to twelve o'clock. That will £ive half
an hour for presenting petitions and other busi-
ness. I move to amend the motion by saying,
tweUc o'clock to-day, if this subject is post-
poned at all.
Mr. POLK. 1 think half past twelve o'clock
to-morrow will be soon enough. 1 prefer that
hour. I have been trying to get up a bill for some
time past. Other Senators are in the same posi- .
fion. I had my bill up once, and it was post-
poned for this.
The PRESIDING OFFICER It is moved
that the bill establishing ceitam post routes be
postponed until to-inoirow, at half past twelve
o'clock, and made the special order.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It may just as well be
disposed of to-day. There is no objection, 1 sup-
pose. to voting on it; but if we postpone it from
day to day, we have the same speeches on one
side and the other over again day after day, and
we shall never get thiough.
Mr. GWIN. We ought to take up this bill
and act on it now.
Mr. FESSENDEN. We may as well settle
it at one tune as another. I suppose tht re will
be no <il)ji etion to allowing it to be voted on
Mr. POLK. I am not sure it can be acted on
now; because the Senator from New York [Mr.
Seward] has an amendment, and the Senator
from California [Mr. Gwin] has just ptoposed an
amendment to that amendment, and had an oider
made to print it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator from New
York, if he has an amendment to anything before
the Senate at the present time, ought to be here
to vote on it. I am opposed to postponing for
anybody at this last week of the session. If Sen-
ators cannot be here to move their amendments,
1 shall not pay much attention to them.
Mr. GWIN. I offered my amendment a few
minutes ago; but the first motion is to have a
committee of conference on the bill, which ought
to be disposed of now.
Mr. WADE. If it is in order, I move to post-
pone all prior ordcis, and take up House hillNo.
950.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
state that tlic-re is a motion pending to postpone
the bill now before the Senate until to-morrow,r
at half past twelve o 'clock, which has precedence.
The motion to postpone the post route bill
until half past twelve o'clock to-morrow was not
agreed to.
Mr. GWIN. Now, I hope that the Senate will
proceed with tht consideration of the bill.
The PIJESIDIiNG OFFICER. The bill (H.
R. No. 114) establishing certain post routes is
now before the Senate.
Mr.WADE. ^ 1 move to postpone it, and take
up House bill No. 950, in relation to the postal
service. It has been up here and debated, until I
hope it will be acted on without further debate
on it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Will the Sen-
ator state to what time he proposes to postpone
the pending bill? - -
Mr. GWIN. If the Senator will propose to
postpone 11 ic bill now under consideration to half
past eleven o'clock to-morrow, I am perfectly
willing.
. Mr. WADE. Very well.
Mr. POLK. I object to that. This bill has
crowded out everything from the morning hour
on thiee different days. No legislation can be
had becausc of this bill, which was held up some
two weeks after it came in here, as stated by one
of the Senators from California, without action
on it.
Mr. GWIN. Who held it up ?
Mr. POLK. I do not know.
Mr. GWIN. The Senate held it up.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Senators Will
preserve order. The Senator from Missouri has
the floor.
Mr. POLK. I hope the Senator from Ohio will
fix a later hour in the day to postpone it to, and
let other Slates have some possible chance of get-
ting something before the Senate duiing this last
v. eetc of the s( s.non.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is now moved
to postpone the bill (H. R. No.714) establishing
eei tain post routes until to-morrow at half past
eleven o'clock.
Mr. GWIN . There is a special order for that
hour—the Oregon war debt bill—and I think we
had better dispose of this bill now.
Mr. LATHAM. I would suggest to my col-
league, who has control of this bill, that he con-
sent to let it go over to half past twelve o'clock
to-morrow, with the understanding that the Sen-
ate will then take it up and finally dispose of it.
Mr. GWIN. I am willing to agree to that.
M r. FESSENDEN. I cannot be a party to
any understanding that a bill is to be taken up
and finally finished, as long as there are two ap-
piopnation bills behind the one at present under
consideration. I am willing to allow a reasona-
ble time; but I cannot consent to any such ar-
rangement.
Mr. GWIN. I do not want any further under-
standing than that, if a majority of the Senate will
take it up and dispose of it at half past twelve
o'clock, to-morrow, I shall be satisfied.
Mr. LATHAM. That is sufficient.
Mr. GREEN. 1 shall vote for postponing this
bill, but against taking up the bill indicated by
the Senator from Ohio. I will do so for this rea-
son: there are important tetritonal matters that
ought to be attended to to-day, so that the House
of Representatives can act on them to-morrow,
which is devoted to territorial business in the
House, and 1 think therefore that we ought to
ha\e at least an hour to-day to act on territorial
business.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Those in favor
of postponing the post route bill until half past
eleven o'clock 
Mr. GWIN. Half past twelve o'clock.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
of the Senator from Ohio was half past twelve
o'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED. ~
A message from the House of Representatives
by Mr. Fornet, its Clerk, announced that the
Speaker had signed an emolled bill (H. R. No.
435) to refund to the Territory of Utah the ex-
penses incurred in suppressing Indian hostilities
in the year 1603: which thereupon received the
signature of the Vice President.
TIIE POSTAL SliRVICE.
Mr. WADE I now ren%w my motion.
