1160.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 25,
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Ohio moves to take up for consideration
House bill No. 950, in relation to the postal ser-
vice.
The question being put, there -were, on a di-
vision—ayes 20, noes 14.
Mr. GREEN. Is thirty-four a quorum?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair so
understands.
Mr. GREEN. I wish to call the attention of
the Presiding Officer to the fact that we have
thirty-four States and sixty-eight Senators.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understands that thirty-four at present constitute
a quorum.
Mr. GREEN. Thirty-four?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Yes, sir.
Mr. GREEN. There are thirty-four States,
unless some have seceded. If there is no seces-
sion, there is no quorum.
Mr. FESSENDEN. One (Kansas) has not
got in yet.
Mr. COLLAMER. It is not organized.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator from Missouri state any question that he
desires to make ?
Mr. GREEN. I raise the question that there
is no quorum.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator from Mis-
souri will hear me one moment, I think he will
not persist 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator from Missouri yield the floor?
Mr. GREEN. Wo.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Allow me to make a sug-
gestion merely ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Missouri has the floor.
Mr. GREEN. If there are any others in be-
sides those who have voted, so as to make a
quorum, I do not want to waste time.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is the very matter
I wanted to state.
Mr. GREEN. I knew it as much as you, and
I wanted to state it myself.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is an
amendment pending to the bill, which will be
read.
The Secretary read the amendment of Mr.
Fitch, which was, in line five, to strike out the
words " or the postal laws maintained;" so that
the bill would read:
Be it enacted by the Senate and House, of Representatives
of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That
whenever, in The opinion of lite Postmaster General, the
po-'tal service cannot be safely continued, or the po-^t office
revenues collected, 01 the contents of the mails pieseived
inviolate till delivered to the propel addict, on any po^t
route, by loa^-on nt' any tnsuriection or to the
laws- of the United Stafes, the Postmaster Goneial i*< heichy
authorized to discontinue the postal service on such some,
or any part theieof, arid any post ofi'iee* thereon, till the
*ame (an be &afely restored, and shall icport his action to
Congre?.s.
Mr. HEMPHILL. I ask whether it would he
in order to take a vote on the substitute I offered
now, or whelhcrotheramendments must be voted
on first >
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair un-
derstands that the parliamentary practice is to per-
fect a bill as far as the friends ot" the bill can do
it, before the question is taken on a substitute for
the entire hill. The question is on the amend-
ment which has been stated.
The amendment was rejected.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment of the Senator from Texas is now in order.
Mr. PEARCE. Before that is offered, 1 desire
to present an amendment to the bill, to strike out,
in the eighth line, the words " insurrection or;"
so that it will read, " by reason of any resistance
to the laws of the United States;" which, i think,
is quite sufficient, arid it will make the bill more
palatable to some who would not otherwise go
for it.
Mr. FITCH. There is an amendment of the
character indicated by the Senator pending, of-
fered by myself and the Senator from North Car-
olina; and one prior to that likewise, in the fifth
line, to strike out "or the postal laws main-
tained."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That has been
acted on
Mr. FITCH. Unless a dis'isiori is called for
on striking out and inserting, the next proposi- ;
tion is to strike out the words indicated by the !
Senator—" any insurrection or resistance to,"
and insert " a refusal to acknowledge."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will state to the Senator from Indiana that the
Senator from Mary land has offeredan amendment,
which is in order.
Mr. FITCH. I am perfectly content with the
amendment offered by the Senator from Mary-
land, if other Senators are, simply striking out
the words "insurrection or."
Mr. CL1NGMAN. I desire to know how it
will read if the words be stricken out
The Secretary read, as follows:
  Beit enacted, #c., That whenever, in the opinion of the
Postmaster General, the postal service cannot be safely
continued, or the Post Office revenues collected, or the
laws maintained, or the contents of the mails preserved in-
violate till delivered to the proper address, on any post
route, by reason of any resistance to the Jaws of the United
States, the Postmaster General is hereby authouzed to dis-
continue the postal seivice on such loute,orany part there-
of, and any post officer theioon,tdl the t-ame can be safely
iestoied,and shall repoit lus action to Congress.
Mr. CLINGMAN. T shall not be satisfied
with that, anil cannot vote for the bill in that
form. 1 withdrew my amendment,and accepted
the amendment of the Senator from Indiana.
Mr. FITCH. On that account, and the better
to meet my own views, I propose to renew my
amendment, because the Senator from North Car-
olina withdrew his only on condition that mine
should be substituted.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Mr. President, I may say
that the difficulty in the case is simply this: we
afi understand that it is what has occurred in the
speeding States that gives use to this bill. If it
be stated that they have seceded from the Union,
gentlemen on the other side do not wish to vote
for the proposition. If, on the other hand, you
deny that the secession is valid, by simply calling
it " insurrection," or 44 resistance to the laws,"
I, and those who ihink w iih me, wdi not vote for
it. The object, therefore, which I had in view,
and which it struck me the amendment of the
Senator from Indiana would effect, was to avoid
expiessing an opinion upon the validity of the
secession. The word " refusal " does not exactly
meet my view, and yet I cannot get a word to
answer my purpose better. ] am willing to vote
to withdiaw our postal service from those States,
and 1 desire to do that, indeed, I will not vote
to continue it thou:, i deny the right of the Gov-
ernment u> continue it thne. I hope the amend-
ment of my fr'end from Indiana will be road again ;
and if it meet the view which I am endeavoring to
state, 1 shall veiy, very eheeifuily vote for the
pioposition.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
state that the amendment before the Senate is that
offered by the Senator from Maryland.
Mr.PEARCE. To give the gentleman an op-
portunity to oiler his amendment, I withdraw my
amendment; and then, if his fails, I shall renew
mine.
Mr. FITCH. The amendment which T sup-
posed was pending. I now move to strike out, ni
lines seven and eight, the words "any insurrec-
tion or resistance to," and insoit "a refusal to
acknowledge;" so that the bill will lead:
Be it mrtrted by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United Slates of Jlmcneu in Con^rex assembled, That
whenever, m the opinion oi the Po-tnia-nci Geneidl, the
pos-tal seivice cannot ho j-.iieiy continued oi the Po--t Office
levennes collected, or the po-u! laws maintained, or the
content^ of the mails pieseived inviolate Mi dehveied to
the propei addie^, on an> post loute, by roa-on of a ictu-al
to acknowledge the law? of the United States, the IV-tinas-
tei General is heichy authouzed to discontinue the po-tal
seivieeon Mich route, oi any pait thcieot, and any po-st
offices thereon, tilt the sune can be tatoly restored, and
j-hail lepoit his action to Congiess.
Mr. BAYARD, I should prefer to have this
bill amended in a different mode from that. I
suppose the object of it is to give a discretion in
regard to the postal service, without the expres-
sion of any opinion on the part of Congress as to
tiie existing relations of the country in this bill,
even by implication. I should suppose that the
proper amendment to this bill, to make it answer
all its legitimate purposes, would be to strike out
all after the word " collected," in the fifth line, to
the word "on,"in the seventh line, and also after
the woid " reason," to strike out any insurrec-
tion or resistance to the laws of the United States,"
and insert " from any cause whatsoever;" so as
to make the bill read in this way:
That whenever, in the opinion of the Postmaster Gene-
ral, the postal service cannot be safely continued, or the
Post Office revenues collected, or the postal laws main-
tamed on any post loute, by leason of any cause whatso-
ever, the Postmaster General is hereby authorized to dis-
continue the postal service on ar.y eueh route, or any part
thereof, and any post offices thereon, till the same can be
safely restored ; and shall report his action to Congress.
That gives full discretion, and full discretion
on twu legitimate grounds, namely, where the
mails cannot be safely carried, and where the rev-
enues cannot be collected. I can easily see that
the words, " or the mails preserved inviolate till
delivered to their proper address," might be made
—Tdo not say that such is the intention—a seri-
ous cause of discontent; or they might be used as
the pretext for the withdrawal of the mails even
where they were safely carried, and where the
Post Office revenues were collected. I admit, if
the mails cannot be safely carried, or the Post
Office revenues cannot be collected, in either case
the Postmaster General ought to have the author-
ity, be the cause what it may, to discontinue the
service on such a route. I think this is all that
can be legitimately asked.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to ask the
Senator what objection he has to the words, " or
the contents of the mails preserved inviolate till
safely delivered to the proper address."
Mr. BAYARD. I will answer the honorable
Senator. The other propositions fully cover it.
To say that, if the revenue cannot be collected,
or the mails safely carried, or the postal laws
maintained, fully covers the whole question. To
leave in the words cited by the honorable Senator
might involve a question as to the police power
of the States. Suppose a book, which is per-
fectly well known to the Senate, which I suppose
the honorable Senator from Maine would not ap-
prove, should be circulated through the mails and
delivered to its address throughout the slavehoid-
mg States of this Union—I speak of Helper's
book, as it is called: it might be held by a Post-
master General that, if the laws of the State re-
quired the non-delivery of a book calculated and
intended solely for the purpose of creating a do-
mestic insurrection in a State which could have
no other effect, whatever, that was a sufficient
ground for withdrawing the mail service on that
route. Now, sir, 1 am willing to give ample au-
thority, and let the Postmaster General have it,
in all cases where the postal service cannot be
safely continued, or the Post Office revenues col-
lected, or the postal laws maintained on any post
route, by reason of any cause. Is not that broad
enough ? Is not that sufficient, instead of making
this bill, by its peculiar language, in the present
excited state of the country, add to those feelings
which are already causing the Union to crumble
into pieces? Sir, I prefer legislation which shall not
have such an effect as that in its language, but
which shall give full powers—and I would agree to
give them—to the officer to carry out the proper
duties of his office. I do hope that on the other
side this will be assented to. It seems to me that
it will be sufficient to say, " if the postal laws arc
not maintained." I take it for granted the Post-
master General will judge that necessarily the
postal 3aww require the mails to be inviolate; but
we all know the fact perfectly well, that there has
been, m some respects, a conflict in some States
between the legislation of the State under its po-
lice power and the action of the Federal Govern-
ment in regard to the delivery of certain docu-
ments or papers. Every one that has studied the
Constitution of this country and the opinions of
the Supreme Court—I allude to the opinions m
no paiticular case, but in a variety of cases—
knows that though there are broad distinctions in
many instances between the powers of the States
and thos--* of the General Government, they often
approximate so closely that it requires great care
and great discrimination; and indeed, it is almost
impossible to slate a general principle which
draws a line in every particular case.
I think you are giving full power when you
say that the head of the Post Office Department,
whenever the postal service cannot be safely con-
tinued, or the revenues collected, or the postal
law** maintained, on any post route, by reason ot
any cause whatever, shall have the discretionary
power to withdraw the mail service on the route
till the same can be safely restored, and report his
action to Congress. 1 think that would answer
the efficient purpose of the law, without preserv-
ing in this bill what I believe, so far from being
