200
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 27,
How is it with Louisiana, the State which the
honorable Senator himself represents ? The Gov-
ernmentof the United States,upon wise principles
of great national policy, purchased of the First
Consul of France the Territory of Louisiana, at
an expense of §15,000,000. And for what? To
obtain exclusive possession of the great valley of
the Mississippi, and above all things to take the
mouth of that river, through which its commcrce
discharges itself upon the high seas, away from
the control of a foreign Power. Does that Sen-
ator contend here that the people of his State, to
whom the Federal Government has granted its
lands, and has permitted to be organized and ad-
mitted as one of the great family of States, in a
moment of disaffection or excitement, by a mere
resolution of a convention of her citizens, can re-
solve themselves outside of this Union; absolve
themselves from their allegiance, and bccome to
us a foreign Power, and take with her the con-
trol of the mouth of the Mississippi? I tell
you, sir, and I tell the Senator from Louisiana,
that if any such doctrine had been understood
when Louisiana was admitted into the Union, she
would never have been admitted. I tell you, sir,
that with any such doctrine as this, her people
would not have been permitted to take possession,
and to cultivate the swamps of Louisiana. Louis-
iana would have been held as a Tciritory now.
The people of this country will not consent that
she shall become a foreign Power, and hold the
mouth of that river, which floats their commerce
to the Gulf. They will never consent that the
mouth of that river shall pass under a foreign
jurisdiction, comc what may.
How has it been with the State of Texas? The
Federal Government admitted Texas as one of
the States into this Union at a time when she had
a sparse population, many debts outstanding,
with broken credit, and an empty treasury. Her
independence had been acknowledged, it is true,
by England, Franco, and Belgium, but she was
still in a feeble condition. We took her as one of
the States into this Union. Her annexation was
followed by the Mexican war, by which Mexico
undertook to subjugate her to her dominion. It
cost us forty thousand lives to defend her against
Mexico; H cost us near ahinulred million dollars;
and now, when we have made her a great State,
built her fortifications, paid oil her debts, when
wc have raised her up by a friendly hand to the
position she now holds, which will make her, in
the end, greater than any southern State—greater
than Georgia herself, thus far regaided as the
empire State of the South—is it possible that now,
in a moment of passion, " when madness rules
the hour," the people of Texas can resolve them-
selves out of the Union and become to us a
foreign Power ?
Mr. WIGFALL. T ask the Senator to let me
make an explanation.
The PIUCSIDINO OFFICER, (Mr. Foster
in the chair.)1 Does the Senator from Wisconsin
yield to the Senator from Texas?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I shall be through in a
very few moments, and then the Senator can make
his icmarks.
• Mr. WIGFALL, I would rather they would
go in your speech, so that the public would see
them both together.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I do not know that I shall
publish my speech.
Air. WiGFALL. The Senator is mistaken in
supposing that this Government paid the debts of
Texas. He is utterly mistaken in supposing that
they have ever conferred any benefit upon the
people of that State by annexation. By the terms
of annexation they were to defend that border,
and that people have been left to defend them-
selvesfrom the time that they came into thisUnion
up to the present time. There has been a constant
war with American Indians. They have builtno
forts that they agreed to do. There is afort thatis
in the process of construction at Galveston. The
Secretary of War ordered some guns to be sent
there the other day, and a free-soil abolition mob
in Pittsburg interposed and committed an act of
treason by levying war against the Un:?ed States;
and vet nothing is said about that. They have
j.ui paid the debts of Texas; but after having, by
treaty stipulation, by the action of the legislative
department of this Government, by the action of
the executive department of this Government,
recognized the Rio Grande as the boundary of
Texas, this Government, under free-soil rule
during the days of Mr. Fillmore, disputed the
title which they had three times asserted and main-
tained, for which they went to war, and swindled
us out of thirty thousand square miles, which now
compose a part of Kansas and Nebraska. This is
the faith that this Government has kept with
Texas; and, as I said the other day, if we have
been bought and paid for, I trust that Senator will
come down, under the fugitive slave clause, to get
his property. We are going out.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I have no objection to the
Senator going out. All we claim is that,the State
shall remain.
Mr. WIGFALL. The State will go out.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I shall not now go into a
detailed statement of the amount of Federal ex?
penditurcs paid on account of Texas over and
above the war expenses. Ten million was given
for her surrender of what she claimed in New
Mexico. But that is not essential to my argu-
ment. As to the matter of publishing my speech,
1 do not expect to publish it in pamphlet form,
at all. If the Senator on the other side desires
to publish his, I would be very much obliged to
him if he will publish mine too, and let it go along
with his to ins constituents.
Mr. WIGFALL. Thank you, sir. I should
suppose that the facts were material to your argu-
ment.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. _ A word, Mr. President,
in relation to this doctrine as applicable to Cali-
fornia. 1 believe the bonds are still out which
we gave to Mexico, upon the purchase of Califor-
nia, by the treaty of peace. Do you upposc that
when the fortresses at San Francisco, and other
defenses of the State, arc all completed, and we get
our railroad built across to California, that may
cost us a bundled million more, California, by a
simple resolution of her inhabitants, can with-
draw from the Union without our consent, and
take our harbors and our fortresses and our great
national railway into a foreign jurisdiction ?
How was it in relation to the Island of Cuba?
Two years agb all the Senators on the other side
of the Chamber were pressing upon the Govern-
ment of the United States the purchase of that
island, for which they were willing to pay the sum
of$200,000,000. Suppose we had paid the money,
taken possession of the island, and entered the
long-coveted Moro Castle, mounted upon it our
best guns, and completed all its harbor defenses,
impregnable as Gibraltar: could the people of that
island then resolve themselves out of the Union,
take possession of our forts, and destroy our
commerce by the very means we have bought or
built to protect and defend it? Upon what ground
did they press upon us the purchase of Cuba?
To command the outlet of the Mississippi valley,
and to control the commerce of the Gulf. Such
great national considerations as those were urged
by gentlemen upon that side of the Chamber.
But what would it all be worth? what is our
whole Government worth ? what is American citi-
zenship? what is American greatness? what is
American nationality ? what does it all mean ? Is
it all a farce and a delusion, and has it been from
the beginning?
Mr. President, gentlemen sometimes complain
that the Republican party in its policy is disposed
to do injustice to the citizens of the South, and
especially to what they call their social institution
of slavery. What has been the history of this
Government? Since the adoption of the present
Constitution, we have acquired Florida, Louis-
iana, Texas, and the Territories from Mexico.
Wc surrendered a part of Maine. We have given
up our claim to a large portion of Oregon. The
same party and canvass which biought Texas
gave up 54° 40', and came down to 490,givmg up
on the north Vancouver Island, and almost six
degrees of latitude. Wc purchased the Louisiana
Territory, and nearly two thirds of all the good
lands in that Territory have been given up to the
social institution of the South. The annexation
of Texas, the war with Mexico, and the acqui-
sition of those territories from Mexico, including
Texas, may be regarded as but one tiansaetion,
for they all followed close upon each other. Now,
I ask you, gentlemen, in all fairness and candor,
to i ay, of all those Territories that we acquired
from Mexico, whether, by sunendering up the
whole of Texas to your social institution, wc
have not surrendered up to you an empire as big
as the kingdom of Franco ? We have surrendered
to your social institution in Texas alone more
than your full share of all the territories acquired
from Mexico, when you compare the number of
those persons who are employed under your sys-
tem of labor with the free white laboring popula-
tion of all the United States. When you speak '
of injustice it is imaginary, not real. You have
had your full share, and more than your share, of
all the Territories that wc have acquired from the
beginning to this hour, since the adoption of the
present Constitution.
Most of you say that New Mexico is entirely-
unfitted for slave labor. Why then make this
struggle? The repeal of the Missouri compro-
mise, and the struggle to wrest that Territory
from free labor, and to force slavery upon it, to
which it is not adapted, has brought upon us all
this agitation and trouble. Why attempt to do
the same in New Mexico?
Mr. President, I am tired of hearing gentlemen
complain of the injustice done to this institution
by our territorial policy. There is no founda-
tion for it m our history—none whatever, it seems
to me. In proportion to the number of persons
held in your system of laboi you have had alto-
gether more than your full share, in comparison
with the free white laboring population of the
United States; and you now claim further, not
only more than your share, upon a fair division,
but you claim what the Constitution of the United
States does not give at all—the right to go into
these territories acquired from Mexico, and to
carry your slaves there, in violation of the Mexican
law against it. It has been my purpose to show
that the Constitution of the United States, even
under the Dred Scott decision, does no such thing;
that there is nothing in that decision to show that
the law ofMcxico, existing when we acquired the
territory, is not still the law of that territory;
that there is nothing in that decision which affirms
that the Constitution of the United States repeals
or abrogates it; and when the slaveholder claims
the right to take his slaves there under the Con-
stitution, lie claims a right which the Constitu-
tion does notgivc. There is, therefore, no founda-
tion for this charge which we so often hear, that
we deny the equality of the States or the equality
of their citizens in those Territories. What do
we deny to you that we do not deny ourselves ?
What single right in New Mexico have we that
you have not got theie also ? You say that this
cloctrine* excludes your social institution; sop it
excludes our banking institutions; it excludes
our manufacturing corporations. Your social
plantation system is but a kind of close corpora-
tion existing under the laws of your States, per-
mitted or established by the local law. Wedeny
you no light which we do not deny ourselves.
We give you every right and every privilege
which we give ourselves.
Mr. GREEN. Will the Senator allow me to
give a little illustration?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I will say to the Senatoi;
from Missouri that I am very nearly through
the remarks I intended to make. I will hear the
Senator after I have done.
Mr. President, the Senator from Oregon [Mr.
Lane] seemed to complain on this subject with
great feeling, that the Republican party were de-
nying the equality of the States in the Territories
of the Union, purchased with common blood and
common treasure. Now, sir, I stand here to say
that if the Constitution of the United States gives
to the slaveholder the right to carry slaves as
property into the Territory, it follows, of neces-
sity, that he has a right to have his property pro-
tected there. I will not admit a right, and at the
same time deny the remedy. I will not admit
that he has a constitutional light to take and hold
his slaves there, and at the same time say that
they may be lawfully taken from him. "That
a thing may be lawfully driven from a place when
it has o lawful nghtto stay," I could never recon-
cile m logic or in morals. But I deny the right
altogether, in the Mexican territories, under the
Constitution, as construed by the Dred Scott case
even. There is no such right established by it.
He complained of what I had announced in a
letter to Milwaukee, tl at <'thefree territories ac-
quired, or to be acquired, fiom Mexico or Gtcat
Britain should remain free." Well, sir, 1 main-
tain that such is the law of the acquisition of ter-
ritory under the Constitution, and thatis but just.
tor
al\
theW
