1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
When we acquire free territory, it is asking too
much of us to convert it into slave territory. It
is impossible, I say, that we can have peace on
the slavery question on any such constitutional
doctrine as that. You must consent to allow free
Territories to remain free. We stand pledged not
to interfere, directly orindirectly, with your insti-
tutions in the States where they exist. Upon
these grounds we can have peace—permanent,
perpetual peace. Sir, that is peace; and I repeat
what I declared the other day, that non-interfer-
ence by the General Government or by free-State
men against slavery in the States, and non-inter-
ference by the General Government or by slave-
holders against freedom in the Territories, is
pcacc.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I do not desire to address
the Senate now on this question, because I under-
stand that we shall have it soon before us requir-
ing practical decision. We shall have the direct
and positive issue placed before us in the course
of a day or two, It is known to the Senate, and
to the country at large, that one of the States of
this Union has withdrawn from the Union, and
declared her independence; and, although that fact
has not yet been officially communicated to us,
it is also known to the public that the State of
South Carolina,as an independent nation, has sent
diplomatic messengers to us for the purpose of
treating with this Government; and as that ques-
tion must necessarily be presented before us on
Monday, when we meet again, and as the issue
will be plainly and distinctly brought before us,
whether we will recognize that independence, or
intend to wage war against the State, I desire to
speak to that direct issue when it comes up on
Monday.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Move an adjournment.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I will move an adjourn-
ment.
Mr. GREEN. Not yet; let us pass this bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is the motion
to adjourn withdrawn?
Mr. BENJAMIN. I merely desired to take
the floor for Monday.
Mr. BROWN. I have no disposition to inter-
fere/vitb the Senator in his speech.
?he PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
fafm Mississippi is entitled to the floor, if he
lairas it now.
Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, it seems to me
that northern Senators most pertinaciously over-
look the main point at issue between the two sec-
tions of our Confederacy. We claim that there
is property in slaves, and they deny it. Until we
shall settle, upon some basis, that point of con-
troversy, it is idle to talk of going any further.
The southern people have $4,000,000,000 locked
up in this kind of property. I do not mean to
say that their slaves arc worth so much; hut their
real property, their stock, their household goods,
and all that belongs to them, are dependent upon
the security of that kind of property.
During the first forty years of our national ex-
istence, I undertake to affirm that no man, North
or South, pretended to deny the great fact that
there was such a thing as property in slaves.
About 1818, 1819, 1820, this doctrine of refusing
to recognize the right of property in slaves sprang
up. It has continued to intensify from that day
to this, untilwe find ourselves in our present con-
dition. Now, I ask Senators on the other side
if, looking at this thing calmly, they can for an
instant suppose that, under any possible con-
ceivable state of the case, we can voluntarily con-
sent to live under a Government passing into the
hands of a power, on the 4th of March, which
openly and undisguisedly tells us that all this vast
interest is to be outlawed underthe common Gov-
ernment; that the $4,000,000,000 invested in this
property, the accumulation of centuries of hard
labor, muscular and physical labor, is going to be
voluntarily abandoned—abandoned, 1 mean, so
far as the action of this Federal Government is
concerned; and that we, the inhabitants of fifteen
States of this Union, will consent to live under a
Government outlawed by its authority? That
is the stern proposition which you submit to us.
That is tile pioposition which we as sternly le-
ject. Can we ever consent to lemain in a Gov-
ernment, and know iu only through its taxing
powei ? Do rational men of the North suppose
that nine million southern people can ever con-
sent to live in a Government outlawed by the
Government, and known by it only when it wants
tribute? Whenever you choose to tax, you tax
our southern labor, sometimes, we think, more
excessively than we tax your own; but certainly
you claim to be taxed equally. You tax our prop-
erty. Bearing all the burdens of the Government,
we feel your power; but when the obligation be-
comes reciprocal, and we demand protection, then
you say "no; you own a kind of property which
we outlaw; which this Federal Government, this
central Government, the agent of all the States,
will never recognize." Such, sir, was the temper
of the speech which we heard this morning. I
have no hope, no expectation, of changing the
judgment of Senators on the other side, and very
little hope of ever reaching their constituents;
but there are some stubborn facts in history which
it were well enough their constituents should
come to learn. After a seven years' war, which
resulted in the recognition of our independence
by the mother country, a treaty was entered into.
The seventh section of that treaty—I mean the
treaty of independence—isin the following words.
I will ask my friend to read it for me, as I cannot
see very well in this light.
Mr. GREEN read, as follows:
" Akt. 7." ' " All prisoners on both
sides shall be set at liberty, and his Britannic Majesty
&h,ill, Willi all convenient bpeed, and without causing any
destruction, or carrying away any negroes or other prop-
erly of" the American inhabitants, withdraw all iiis armies,
garrisons, and fleets fiom the said United States, and liom
every poit, place, and harbor, within the same." * *
"Done at Paris, Novembei 30, 1782.
"ltldlARD OSWALD, [l. s.]
"JOHN ADAMS, [l. s.]
" 15. FRANKLIN, fL. s.)
"JOHN JAY, [i.e.]
" IIENRY LAURENS, [L. S.]"
Mr. BROWN. I desire to call the attention,
not of northern Senators—because they are fa-
miliar with it—but of the northern people, to the
fact, that the very treaty which made us aninde-
pendentpeople, signed by John Adams, Benjamin
Franklin, and John Jay, spoke of " negroes and
other property;" thus, in'the very beginning of
our existence as a nation, recognizing the factfor
which we contend to-day, that there was such a
thing as property in negroes. If gentlemen are
ready to go back and live by the treaty which
made us one people, which made us an independ-
ent people, we shall again have laid the founda-
tion for a permanent peace. If John Adams,
Benjamin Franklin, and John Jay, could recognize
property in slaves, why cannot the Senators on
the other side do the same thing now?
This was not an acknowledgment extorted
from Great Britain, but a voluntary admission on
her part. It was not even a demand upon the
part of the American commissioners who signed
the treaty of independence; but it was a univer-
sally recognized fact at that day, under which
the Government lived for forty years, never dis-
puted up to 1820, then first denied, and to-day
more pertinaciously denied than at any former
period of our history.
Well, sir, in the progress of events, wo had
another war with Great Britain. I will ask my
friend to read the first article of this treaty—I mean
the treaty of Ghent.
Mr. GREEN read, as follows:
"Art. 1." "* * * * "Shall be restored with-
out delay, and without causing any destruction, or carry-
ing away any of the artillery, or other public property, ori-
ginally captured m the. said forts 01 places, and which tliall
icmam therein upon the exchange of the notifications of
this treatv, or anv slave? or other private property.
" Done' in triplicate, at Ghent, December 24,1814.
" GAMB1ER. O s.;
"JIENHY COULRUUN, [l. S,.
" WILLIAM ADAMS, [l. S.;
41 JOHN ClUINCY ADAMS, fL. s..
"J. A. BAYAKD, f> sv
"II. CLAY, [l. 5..
"JONA. RUSSELL, (> s'-
" ALBERT GALLATIN, [l. s.J"
Mr. BROWN. There, I see the signatures of
two most illustrious citizens of Massachusetts—
the elder and the younger Adams—to these two
treaties; the first being the treaty which made us
a nation, the second being the treaty which set-
tled what is gunmally tunned the second war of
independence. 1 ask the gentlemen on the other
side, 3 afek theirconstituenls, to do what the elder
Adams did; what was done by Benjamin Frank-
lin and John Jay; what was done by John Cfcuinoy
Adams and Henry Clay, and the illustrious men
who had the control of the Government at home
and abroad during the first forty years -of our
national existence.. Do this, and there can be do
further controversy on this subject. If, the;<two
Senators from Massachusetts were itrtfteir places
to-day, I would ask them whether they pretend
to be wiser, greater, better, purer? and more patri-
otic, than Jonn Adams and John Gluincy Adams?
I show you that they recognized property jft
slaves; triat in two treaties it was'recognizee, -
If that be not sufficient, I have a volume in my
hand entitled The Law of Freedom and Bondage
in the United States, by John Codman Hurd,
counselor at law, Boston; published by Little,
Brown & Co.,in 1848; and! begtocall attention
to three or four short extracts from that volume.
In 1698, Massachusetts passed—
"A law forbidding to trad** or truck with 4 any Indian,
molato, or negro servant or slave, or other known disso-
lute, lewd, and disorderly person^ of whom there is just
cause of suspicion,-* and such persons to be punished by
whipping for so trading."
I will now read from a note on page 264:
" Between the years 1767 and 1773,several unsuccessful
attempts were made to procure legislative acts against the
slave trade, an accounN>f which is gtvefl by Dr. Belknap,
in his letter to Jude Tucker, vol. 4, Massachusetts Histor-
ical Society's Collection, p. 201."
In 1714, we find the following law;
" An act prohibiting the importation or bringing into tills
province any Indian servant or slaves.—Prov. L. c. 41.
" Whereas divers conspiracies, outrages, barbarities,
murders, burglaries, thefts, and other notorious crimes and
enormities, at sundry times have of late been perpetrated
and committed by Indian and other slaves within several
of her Majesty's Plantations in America, being of a mali-
cious, surly, and revengeful spirit, and very ungoverna-
ble, &c."
Again, in 1650:
" In this code, under the title Indians, the lawfulness of
the slavery of both Indians and negroes is recognized by
the general court, adopting, in terms, a 4 conclusion* of
the commissioners of the United Colonies of New Eng-
land, dated September 5,1646."
Again:
" 16-13, May. A confederacy, to be known as the United
Colonies of New England, was entered into at Boston by
delegates from Plymouth, Connecticut, and New Haven,
and the general court of Massachusetts. (2 Hazard, 1 6.)
Among the articles of agreement, the eighth is as follows."
Without reading it all, 1 will read the extract
to which I wish to call attention. This, recol-
lect, sir, [Mr. Foster in the chair,] is a confed-
eracy in your own country:
"It is also agreed that if any servant run away from his
mastei into any of these confederate jurisdictions, that in
buch ease, upon ceitificate of one magistrate m th<> juris-
diction out of which the said geivant fled, or upon other
due proof, the said servant shall be delivered either to his
master or any other that pursues and brings such certificate
or proof."
I could go on from this volume and multiply
other proofs. J read these extracts, Mr. Presi-
dent—ami 1 have maikcd a'great number in this
volume—to show that Massachusetts and all New
England recognized the right of property in man;
that you confederated for the purpose of having
them rendered up when they escaped; and that,
too, upon the certificate of a single magistrate.
Arc you wiser and better and purer than your all-*
cestors? These were the descendants of the Pil-
grim Fathers. They seemed to recognize the law
of meum and tuum. They seemed to recognize
the great fact that property stolen should be given
hack, and that, there being property in slaves, if it
escaped it should be returned. All we ask ot you
is to live up to the faith of the Pilgrim Fathers;
to do what your ancestors did; to do what the
signers of the treaty of independence did; to do
what the elder Adams, John Jay, and others
did, when they signed the first treaty of Inde-
pendence; to do what John duincy Adaras and
Henry Clay did, when they signed the second
tventy of Independence; to admit, in other words,
that all the wisdom of the world is not concen-
trated in New England now, as you seem to
imagine, but that the men who went before us
knew something. Do that, and you will lay the
foundation of a permanent and lasting settle-
ment.
If you stand by the doctrine that we are to be
outlawed in our own country; that over four
billion of property is not to be recognized as prop-
erty at ail; that this Government is to be known
to us only through the taxing power, and that
we are never to recognize it by its protective
power; then, sir, there is but one of two alterna-
tives to be chosen: either separate in peace, or
separate by force. You know, as well as I do,
