1162
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 25,
merit -of the Senator from Delaware, I will not
press the vote on my subs^ute. However, I
move to strike out the last clause of the amend-
ment offered by him, in the following words:
" till the same can be safely restored, and report
his action to Congress."
ThcPRESIDlNGOFFICER. The Chair will
state that the amendment having just been adopted,
a motion to strike out any part of the amendment
is not now in order. The Chair is also informed
that the bill has already been reported to the Sen-
ate, and this amendment was made in the Senate.
Mr. MASON. I want to understand the exact
condition of this thing. Has the amendment of-
fered by the Senator from Delaware beenadopted?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It has, and the
bill is now in the Senate, and still open to amend-
ment.
Mr. MASON. I understand the Senator from
Texas offers a substitute for the bill.
Several Senators. He withdrew it.
Mr. HEMPHILL. I offered asubstitute, but
I do not know that it would be worth while to
press a vote upon it. However, I will take the
vote on it any way.
The Secretary read the substitute; to strike out
all after the enacting* clause of the bill, and insert:
Whereas several States have withdrawn from the Union,
and the laws of the United Suites have no longer any force
therein:
Be it enacted, $c.} That in all States situated as above,
the Po&unaster General is hereby directed to di&eontinuo
the service within the limits of such States, or make
arrnns'Tnents with governments of the same for intei-postal
communication.
Mr. HEMPHILL. I ask for the yeas and
nays upon the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. FITCH. The amendment offered by the
Senator from Texas declares in its preamble that
the laws of the United States are repealed or not
in force merely, by virtue of the act of secession,
in those States which have seceded. This dec-
laration is widely different from the passage by
Congress of a joint resolution or law repealing or
suspending all those laws in such States. I cannot
recognize as an existing fact, that the laws of the
United States are not in existence and nominally
in force in those States. In making this declara-
tion, however, 1 must not be understood a« ex-
pressing an opinion relative to the propriety or
impropriety of the passage of a law suspending
all laws of the United States in any State which
has seceded.
Mr. WfGFALL. Mr. President, I did not
intend to discuss this matter, and I shall not dis-
cuss it. 1 wish simply to draw the attention of
the Senate, before voting upon this measure, to
its full import. It is as well for us to look mat-
ters steadily in the face, and determine for our-
selves what course we are going to pursuo. I
think, myself, that all action upon this subj<- tis,
at this time, most inopportune, and will be most
unfortunate. That certain States have withdrawn
from the Union, is a fact. Whether they legally
had a nsjht to do it, is a matter about which Sen-
ators and individuals may entertain doubts, ac-
cording to their views of the forms of govern-
ment under which we are living; but that they
have (lone it, is a fact about which there can be
no dispute. A man may not have the right legally
to fell me to the ground; but after I have been
prostrated by a blow, it is useless for bystanders
to discuss the question as to whether I have been
knocked down or not. Now these States have
withdrawn—whether legally or illegally,constitu-
tionally or unconstitutionally, is a matter about
which we may dispute; but that they have with-
drawn from the Union is a fact as fixed as the
center.
What are my reasons for asserting that it is a
fact? The State governments have assembled
conventions; the members to those conventions
have been elected by law; and those conventions,
armed with the sovereign power of the different
States, have solemnly declared, by the authority
of the people—and in some of the States the dec-
laration has been referred back, and there has
been a popular indorsement of it—that they have
ceased to be of the United States; that they have
revoked respectively the ratification of the Con-
stitution oftheUnited States; that they have ceased
to be parties to the compact; that they have re-
voked all the powers which they had previously
cxercised conjointly with their co-States through ;
this common General Government; that thcyhave
resumed the right to exercise all these high pow-
ers, and vested that right in their State govern-
ments. These are facts. It is known that these
States have entered into a new confederation; that
they have elected a President and Vice President;
and *hat they are organizing an army, and a
navy, and a treasury. These are facts. No man
can doubt it.
The question, then, is, howshall we deal with
these facts ? if the other States, acting through
their organ—this Federal Government—intend
by force of arms—and they can do it in no other
'way—to put down these State governments and
that Federal government, which they may con-
sider revolutionary and wrongfuland illegal, that
is a matter for this Government to decide upon.
Let us decide upon it. If this Government, rep-
resenting the balance of the States that have not
withdrawn, that are still confederated together,
does not intend to put down this revolutionary
government, both State and Federal, that is now
organized on the Gulf, then we should pursue
another policy.
Two policies, or two modes of etccomplishing
the same object, may be pursued. We may send
a commissioner or minister to that Federal Goxr-
ernment, to arrange terms for our peaceable rela-
tions hereafter. We may wait until a minister
comes from that Government, and the executive
department, with the advice and consent of the
Senate, receive him, and enter into amicable ar-
rangements for the future. We may pursue that
policy, or we may declare war; or we may call it
insurrection, and attempt to put it down; but
whatever course we intend to pursue should now
be marked out in the beginning; and, if we intend
to pursue a peace policy, everything that is cal-
culated to produce irritation and lead to conflict
should bo avoided. The Postmaster General has
ample power to discontinue any mail route that
he sees fit. Why, then, pass this bill to vest in
him that power which he already has? Why
repeal all these laws, or declare them inoperative ?
My judgment is, that all the laws of the United
States now are inoperative within the limits of
the confederate States, except those which they
have, by their own act, made operative, if we
intend to pursue a peace policy, we may as well
shut our eyes, when we can, to any mere irreg-
ularities for the present; wait, and see if some
permanentarrangement may not be made. If we
desire not to send a minister to that confederation,
but to receive one, there will be no difficulty in
arranging these postal matters so as to be mutu-
ally beneficial to both sections. Boston, New
York, Philadelphia, all the great northern import-
ing and manufacturing cities, have commercial
relations now with the people of the seven seced-
ing States. Their merchants desire to commu-
nicate with their creditors there. They desire to
communicate with those with whom they have
business transactions. If the postal arrangements
remain as they are for the present, a few weeks
may develop the policy of this Government, either
for peace or for war; and, if for peace, the con-
federate States can easily assume all the contracts
which have been made for carrying the mails, and
become responsible for all the postage stamps
which are there, their postmasters usirfg them
temporarily, until some permanent arrangement
can be made. If, on the contrary, we determine
upon hostilities and mutual inconvenience, then
meet the thing°fairlyand squarely,lookit steadily
in the face, and proceed, not by bills of this sort,
but by bills which, upon their face, declarc that
they are force bills.
Therefore, whilst I shall vote for the substitute
which has been offered by my colleague, I think
this whole matter is inopportune, and will be
unfortunate. We surely cannot continue longer
to treat the solemn ordinances of these States
as mere "blank paper, and expect to keep the
peace. The Federal flag cannot longer float
within the territories of those States with safety.
The revenues cannot there be collected for this
Government in that foreign country. Whatever
policy is to be pursued may as well be determined
upon now; and upon this bill it is just as well to
have a showing of hands as upon any other.
As 1 said, I do not intend to discuss the merits
of this matter, but simply to suggest that we ought
not longer go on blindly, but we ought to determ-
ine our policy, and take some definite action. As
to enforcing laws, collecting revenue, suppressing
insurrections, it is futile and idle to talk in that
way. You must strike at the root of the evil;
you must crush out the revolutionary govern-
ments, if you see fitso to consider them, and leave
the people in those States at liberty, without co-
ercion, to obey your laws if they see fit-, but until
you havecrushed out those revolutionary govern-
ments and relieved the people from the pressure
and the coercion which their own State govern-
ments and their present Federal government are
exercising upon them, it is idle to think of having
the laws of this country there obeyed.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is moved
that the bill be amended by striking out all after
the enacting clause, and inserting what has been
read. Upon this question the yeas and nays have
been ordered.
Mr. HEMPHILL. I will amend my amend-
ment by striking out the preamble, in these words:
" whereas several States have withdrawn from
this Union, and the laws of the United States no
longer having any force therein and also to
strike out the words " situated as above,'* and
substitute " which have withdrawn from the
Union," and strike out " shall have power" and
insert " is hereby directed;" so as to make the
substitute read:
That, in all States which have withdrawn from the Union,
the Postmaster General is hereby directed to discontinue
the postal service within the limits of such States, and
make arrangements with the governments of the same for
mtei-postal communication.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Texas proposes to amend his amendment.
Mr. HEMPHILL. Without withdrawing any-
thing that I have said, or believing that the issue
is any other than such as 1 have presented, on
consultation with my friends here, I believe it will
be expedient to withdraw the amendment; and I
therefore withdraw it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment can be withdrawn only by comnfon consent;
the yeas and nays having been ordered.
Mr. WADE and Mr. KTNG. I object.
The PRESI DING OFFICER. Objection being
made, the amendment cannot be withdrawn.
Mr. GREEN. When the Senate adjourned
upon this question the last day it was under con-
sideration, I had the floor and had spoken four
minutes only. I had yielded to others, time and
time again, and now it seems as if it were a very
difficult matter for me to get a chance to conclude
the few remarks I then intended to submit. I will
go on now, although I have addressed the Chair
six times before being recognized.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Missouri will pardon the Chair for inter-
rupting him. The yeas and nays having been
ordered upon the amendment proposed by the
Senator from Texas, it cannot be modified except
by common consent. The amendment which he
proposes to make to his amendment must be ac-
cepted by common consent, or it cannot be made.
Mr. HEMPHILL. Nobody objects to that.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. U objection
interposed?
Mr. CLARK, Mr. WADE, and Mr. KING
objected.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objection is
made to the modification proposed by the Sena-
ator from Texas; and the question must therefore
be taken on the amendment as proposed by him
originally, the yeas and nays having been ordered
before any modification was suggested by him.
The question is on the amendment as originally
offered by the Senator from Texas.
Mr. GREEN. I propose to make a very few
remarks, and as the time is getting short, I shall
not detain the Senate long. When we last had
this bill under consideration, 1 was replying to
this idea: the bill had bpen called a peace measure;
and it had been represented that, without this
bill, a collision might, and perhaps would neces-
sarily ensue. I take exactly the opposite ground.
I say that this is to initiate a system which will
lead to an attempt at coercion; the coercion itself
will never be carried out; but will be an attempt
at coercion. This is the entering wedge. This
is the first step in the line of policy. This is a
segment in that circle of measures. It is for that
reason that 1 wanted to oppose it. When Sena-
tors said it was a peace measure, they gave as a
reason that it was a peace measure, that it would
