1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
tic-men light down to the point; and if lam wrong
1 want to surrender, and to surrender like a man;
and if you are wrong 1 want you to do the same.
I support this amendment offered by the Sen-
ator from Illinois [Mr. Trumbull] because it
affirms that the law of Mexico in relation to Afri-
can slavery when we acquired it ought to remain
unabolished by Congress, and remain the law
of that Territory up to the time when it shall be
admitted into the Union. I say to you in all sin-
cerity, and I believe I speak the sentiments of
nine tenths, not only of the Republican pai ty, but
of the Democratic party who supported the hon-
orable Senator from Illinois for the Presidency,
that they will never consent to the idea that the
Constitution of the United States, of its own force,
or by any of its provisions, is to carry the law of
slavery anywhere. They are willing to admit
that the Constitution, of itself, is neutral. They
are willing to say that it neither abolishes slavery
where it exists, nor establishes it where it does
not exist; that when we acquire slave territory it
doesnotabolish it; and when we acquire free terri-
tory it does notestablish it,orin any manner guar-
antee its right to enter; but they will never consent,
no, sir, the American people will never consent
to say that wherever the Constitution goes, slaves
may go as property by force of its provisions,
against the local law of the Territory, imposed
by the sovereignty from which it has been ac-
quired; that it has the power (call it by what
name you please, establishing, recognizing,guar-
antying;, or what you will) of overcomingthe law
of freedom in the territory existing at the time of
the acquisition.
The Senator from Missouri compares what I
said upon this subject to the invitation of the fox
to the stork to come to the feast. Let us look
into history a. little, and see. Sir, we acquired
Florida: which was the fox and which was the
stork at that feast? We acquired the Louisiana
Territory, and gave you two thirds of all the
good land there. Who had the advantage when
invited to that entertainment ? After you had got
your full share, and we were about to enjoy that
portion winch was expressly reserved for us, just
as we were ready to partake of it and enjoy it—
what then? You snatched at it, and undertook
to take it from us by force. To drop all figure,
you demanded the right to allow slavery to en-
ter 
Mr. POLK. Mr. President, I merely wish to
say 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin yield the floor to the Sen-
ator from Missouri?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Well, if it is for a simple
explanation, I will.
Mr. POLK. I desire to correct a mistake into
which the honorable Senator fell. He has. re-
peated twice over this morning that two thirds
of the Territory of Louisiana was given to the
South.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I said of the good lands.
I did not say two thirds of the surface including
deserts. 1 meant the good lands.
Mr. POLK. I think the Senator is entirely
mistaken in that, too.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I say, just as we were
about to enterandtake possession with our system
of labor, the Missouri compromise was repealed,
andslavery was invited to enter. I shall not repeat
the story of the subjugation of Kansas. We
have had a struggle for the last six years, grow-
ing outof thattrausaction, which, may Godgrant,
we shall never see again. Jackson and Clay,
Webster and Wright, were no more. The only
two, Houston in this and Benton in the other
House, who took part in the compromise of 1820
opposed its repeal. They warned the country
what would be the effect; but they were unable
to successfully resist it. What they then pre-
dicted is almost history now. For my own part,
J aided the election of General Pierce, and m put-
ting the Democratic party in power in 1852. 1
stood before the people of Wisconsin and invited
them to support General Pierce upon the ground
that the slavery question had been settled m all
the Territories "of the United States; north of 36°
30'—it was settled by the act of 1820; in New
Mexico and Utah it was settled by the act of
1850—and I asked them to support him upon that
ground. It was upon that ground he was elected.
At hisj nauguration, while the oath of office was yet
upon his lips, he repeated hiapledge never to re-
open the slavery agitation. The territorial ques-
tion was at rest. The country was at peacc on
this question. Suddenly, like a clap of thunder
from a cloudless sky, the whole country was
startled by a proposition to repeal the Missouri
compromise, and to open the Territory-of Kansas
to slavery. Then followed a struggle to carry it
there by force of arms. Would to Heaven that
page of our history could be blotted out. I will
not dwell upon it. Let us admit Kansas now into
the Union, and close up thatcontroversy forever.
Now, I ask you,arc you notabouttoopen anew
point of quarrel?
Not satisfied with destroying the compromise
of 1820, you now propose to repeal the compro-
mise of 1850, in relation to New Mexico. You
see what peace has been given to the country by
repealing one compromise. How much more
peace will you get by now undertaking to repeat
another compromise—that of 1850—by which the
territorial question was settled in New Mexico
and in Utah ? Breaking the compromise of 1820
gave no peace in 1854. Breaking the compromise
of 1850, as to New Mexico, will not l'estore peace
now. The proposition of the Senator from Mis-
sissippi is, that Congress shall distinctly recog-
nize and protect slavery in all that territory. I
cannot give it my support. In the amendment
to it by the Senator from Illinois, [Mr. Trum-
bull,] I fully concur.
Mr. President, I have been drawn into a longer
discussion than 1 had intended. I shall not tres-
pass further upon the time of the Senate. -
Mr. GREEN. Mr. President, the Senator from
Wisconsin is a little at fault. When he says the
proposition of the. Senator from Mississippi pro-
poses to violate the compromise of 1850, lie over-
looks the fact that the proposition now before the
Senate, the amendment, proposed by the Senator
from Illinois, proposes exactly the same thing
thatheis supporting; and when he talks so loudly
and so vehemently and so eloquently about sus-
taining the compromise of 1850, he ought to look
to the fact that the proposition ofthe Senator from
Illinois is this: to enact the laws of Mexico, and
make them, like the laws of the Merles and Per-
sians, irrepealable. I understand the law of 1850
to be, that the Territories shall regulate this ques-
tion as they please, consistently with the Consti-
tution of the United States.
Mr. SEWARD. Will the honorable Senator
allow me to ask him a question ?
Mr. GREEN. I will hear it.
Mr. SEWARD. The subject is so entirely
new and interesting that I beg the Senator's par-
don for interrupting him to ask him whether it
cannot possibly keep over until some other day,
and let us adjourn?
Mr. GREEN. After a little while the subject
will keep well; but I have a few words to say
yet. I say, therefore, that he ought not to try to
present himself before the country as the advo-
cate and peculiar defender of the compromise
measures of 1850, because the very proposition he
is now supporting proposes to violate that com-
promise.
Now, one word upon his legal proposition, that
the Constitution does not, propria vigore, give the
right to carry slavery into a territory belonging
to the United States, and that the Mexican law
continues until repealed by the proper authority.
I will give three answers to that, and I want them
distinctly understood. First, under the law of
1850, New Mexico has passed a law on this sub-
ject, and it is now the law over Arizona, which,
after the Gadsden treaty, was made a part of
New Mexico, and was annexed to it, and is to-
day a part of NewMexico. The exact law, word
for word, that the Senator from Mississippi pro-
poses to apply to Arizuma, after we make it a
separate organization, is this moment the law of
Arizona. It is an enactment by the Territorial
Legislature of Santa Fe. The whole of Arizona
is under the jurisdiction of Santa Fe, and was
made so by law. Therefore, what the Senator
from Mississippi proposes to do is simply to con-
tinue the existing law of Aiizona.
The second answer is this: that the law of Mex-
ico,or of any other country, which would becon-
tinued after the acquisition by this country, is not
continued because it is the command of the su-
preme power that originally promulgated it. The
law does not spread like a thin vail all overaTer-
ritory; and you do jiot,,when yo.u anney itj {alee
it with that vail over it. .If.it is the> law,.and;,
bctomes an existing custom, anil private, rights
depend upon it, then, when annexation takes
place, those private rights are to be -protected-
You may have a thousand laws obsolete,- dormant
in Mexico, never executed, no attention paid -t0>
them, and no occasion to which they couid apply;
and when you take the Territory, you do not
take the law over it which existed in the city
of Mexico, and can be found among the musty,
records there in the proclamations of dictators, or
in the decrees published by the various chieftiins
that arise there. You take the existing, living
customs. We take them, and we call them laws;
but they are nothing but customs. They are prac-
ticed rules; and whenever a practiced rule exists,
and that practiced rule has been the cause of pri-
vate rights growing up, those rights are protected
after annexation. Why, there are a thousand laws
there. Did you take the laws of peonage ? It is
a law of Mexico. A white man, according to
that law, can be made a peon, and can be kept in
perpetual bondage. If he cannot work enough
to pay his expenses, his master keeps him in per-
petual slavery. Did you annex that law? No.
Why? Because it is inconsistent with thegenius
and principles of the American Constitution. I
am informed that they have just such laws against
the Protestant religion. Can you practice your
Protestantism in Arizona now? Yes. Why?
Because our Federal Constitution, which spreads
over the Territory, says there shall be no distinc-
tion made in religion; and the Senator can prac-
tice his religion there as fully, as freely, and as.
perfectly, as 1 can mine, and that would be a good
deal.
Now, Mr. President, the third reason is this:
if the law existed as a practical custom, the very
moment annexation took place it would be null
and void. Why? Because it is inconsistent with
our present Constitution, which is the supreme
law of the land in the Territory, and which has
no intermediate jurisdiction authorized to prohibit
slavery. Then the question is, why is it incon-
sistent with the Constitution of the United States,
or is it so ? I answer, because the Supreme Court
has said that I have a right to go into any Terri-
tory—there being no counter-jurisdiction to in-
hibit this privilege, by virtue of the Constitution;
not that it establishes slavery, but that it guaran-
ties the right for any man tn hold any property-
known to and recognized by the Constitution.
This is the simple reason, and the three points
cover the whole case, to wit:
1. The New Mexico law, our own law, passed
under our own eyes, our own jurisdiction, estab-
lishes the very law that Senator Brown proposes
to spread over Arizona. It is now the law of
Arizona, this moment of time when I am speaking;
2. The decree of the dictator was but a decree,
and its provisions were never carried out; and
3. It never became an existing and living cus-
tom, and therefore there was no law.
But finally, if there had been a law, being in-
consistent with the Constitution, it would be null
and void. If Congress has not the power, under
the Constitution, to prohibit slavery, then the pre-
vious prohibition made by any other power in the
Territory, the moment of annexation would be-
come null and void. Therefore, it all resolves
itself into this: has the Congress the power to
prohibit slavery in the Territory? If Congress
does not have the power under the Constitution,
then it is inconsistent with the Constitution; and
if a previous prohibition had existed, it would be
'null and void the moment the treaty was ratified.
Mr. President, I do not desire to prolong this
discussion. I see we cannot get through the bill
to-day, and if my friend from New York will sug-
gest a time agreeable to him, I will move to post-
pone it. As he is not here, I will move to adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, December 27, 1860.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas H. Stockton.
The Clerk commenced the reading of the Journal
of Monday.
CALL OP TIIE BOLL.
Mr. JONES. I make the point, before the read-
