1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
hydrography to be done yet. It is estimated that
this portion of the work, at the present rate of ap-
propriation, can be completed in eight or nine
years. So says the Superintendent, if, however,
the appropriations for the Atlantic and Gulf coast
be not applied to all the different sections—and
the work has been going on in all the sections for
the whole Atlantic and Gulf coast heretofore—if,
by reason of the secession of several States, it
shall be unadvisable to carry on the survey along
their coasts, the whole appropriation can be ap-
plied to complete the surveys of those shores
where there is no secession, and in this way noth-
ing will be lost. In fact, when you make liberal
appropriations, you do the work more cheaply
than if you make stinted ones. Thirty thousand
dollars for surveying this great coast is but a trifle.
Let not the Senate be disturbed at the idea of the
appropriations made for this object. It is a great
object to a commercial country; and we should
not be too strict and niggardly. The commerce
of the country is as deeply interested in the accu-
rate survey and delineation of its coasts, even out
in deep water, as it is in your tariffs.
Well, sir, these $30,000, therefore, would be
very trifling; and here I will mentiun that the Brit-
ish survey has been £oing on since 1791, and they
have spent $25,000,000 upon it; and it is not done
yet. The Senator says we have spent between
six and seven million dollars. Wc have, alto-
gether, a coastline of thirty thousand miles. I do
not know what other country can speak of such
a coast line as that. I include in that the Atlantic
and the Gulf coast and the line of the Pacific.
The increase of expenditure of late years has
been owing to two circumstances. First, we ac-
quired Texas; and it was desirable that the survey
of that coast should be carried on; it is a very
extensive coast. Then we have acquired a very
extensive coast on the Pacific ocean, amounting
to about ten thousand miles, with all the indenta-
tions; and there the prices of labor have been very
hi°;h. Atone time the cooks employed on the
co$st survey vessels received more pay than the
superintendentofthe party charged with the whole
expenditure and all the operations of the work.
The prices have come down since, but they are
still very high.
Now, sir,you will accomplish little or no work
if you reduce the appropriation for the survey of
the Atlanticand Gulf coasts to $100,000, because,
as I said before, all the expenses of the organiza-
tion of the office are included in that, and it would
leave too small a sum to make any progress in the
work. If you apply the whole of the appropriation
to the survey above the southern line of North
Carolina, and if you should continue to do so, you
can accomplish the whole work, provided there
were no secession, which would consume some
eight or nine years, in four or five years. There
will be nothing lost. If there is not money in
the Treasury, of course the Superintendent of the
Coast Survey will have to restrict his operations.
Gentlemen voted the other day for Jl,200,000
additional to the Navy bill to build war-steamers,
although they were informed that the appropria-
tions already in the bill were fully equal to all the
appropriations last year, and indeed exceeded
them. They did so because they said these things
were proper; and if there was no money in the
Treasury it could not be expended, but if there
was, it might be applied to the purpose. So I
say in regard to the Coast Survey.
1 will not consume the time of the Senate fur-
ther. I believe the Senator's objections apply
only to the appropriation for the Atlantic coast.
Mr. GRIMES. To all of them.
Mr. PEARCE. Then, I beg to say a word or
two more. The appropriation in the bill for the
survey of the western coast was only $70,000.
The estimate was $130,000. I have stated the
circumstances which make the expenses very
great on that coast; and it is a coast of which com-
paratively little surveying has been done, though
much has been done that is very useful to com-
merce; but we think it is advisable to restore the
estimates there, too.
Then in regard to the survey of the Florida
reefs and Ueys, the gentleman must not confound •
that with what might be called the local survey j
of the coast of Florida. The Florida keys and
reefs are those which run from Cape Florida
around the coast westwardly to the Tortugas,
the terror of all mariners who navigate the Gulf
of Mexico; and this improvement is not for the
local benefit of the State of Florida, but for the
commerce of the whole United States, and I may
say of all the world, with that portion of America.
Wrecks have already been much fewer in number
of late years, in consequence of the surveys of this
coast, as far as they have progressed, it is esti-
mated that in two years more they will be com-
pleted. The House of Representatives appro-
priated $20,000. The estimate was $40,000. In
two years more, at $40,000 a year, the whole
survey of these reefs will be completed, and it is
notorious that since we have been surveying these
reefs, and putting upbeaconsand sea-marks,and
establishing light-houses, the wrecking business
has vastly decreased, and the wreckers complain
that the Coast Survey and the Light-house Hoard
are ruining their business; in other words, are
saving the property and the lives of our mariners.
I hope the estimates will be restored. The
money will be expended economically, as I know
every expenditure has been in,that office; and if
the circumstances of the country do not admit of
the Treasury supplying all the means for these
amendments, we shall be no woise off, because
the money will not of course go out of the Treas-
ury, and the work will not be done. It will only
be done on this scale if the Treasury can afford it.
Mr. GRIMES. I am resolved not to get into
a controversy with the Senator from Maryland,
or anybody else, over the coast survey. I do not
intend to be enticed or provoked into opposition
to it. I am in favor of the coast survey, as I un-
derstand it, upon a moderate,and yet, as I believe,
a liberal basis, and am willing to make what!
believe to be liberal appropriations. I have learned
one fact, however, from the Senator from Mary-
land, which I am glad to learn. Did I understand
the Senator to sny that the law of Congress re-
quires that there shall be a hydrography survey
opposite to the American coast as far out as the
Gulf stream >
Mr. PEARCE. Yes, sir.
Mr. GRIMES. I should like to know, then,
how far it is off the coast of Maine to the Gulf
stream ?
Mr. PEARCE. I cannot tell.
Mr. GRIMES. According to the map which
1 have before me, from the northeast corner of
the State of Maine, it is about 80.
Mr. LANE. It is all that.
Mr. PEARCE. Possibly it is.
Mr. GRIMES. I do not wonder that a liberal
appropriation is asked for, if we are going to have
a hydrographic survey for 8° off that coast. No
man can predict when this survey is to cease, if
such is the law; and if it be for such a purpose
that wc are to make appropriations to complete
hydrographic surveys, such as have already been
commenced, such as have been prosecuted off the
coast of New Jersey and in the Chesapeake bay,
as far out as the Gulf stream. The Senator from
Maryland quotes the example of England, and
states, I believe, that $30,000,000 have been ex-
pended there.
Mr. PEARCE. Twenty-five million, I think
I said.
Mr. GRIMES. Well, sir, according to a state-
ment which has been put in my hands by an offi-
cer connected with the Coast Survey, I find that
there had been expended, up to 1856, $10,000,000
in the hydrographic survey of all the British isl-
ands. They must have expended since 1856 a
very liberal amount to reach $25,000,000.
Mr. PEARCE. If the Senator will allow me
to explain, I will state, what I believe is the fact,
thattne survey of Great Butain is what is called
an ordnance survey; and I niesurne that, in the
estimates the Senator has had, they do not include
the pay of the officers engaged in it, who are
attached to the army.
Mr. GRIMES. In Great Britain, France, and
some other countries of Europe, they have a top-
ographical survey connecting with their hydro-
graphic survey. That is a sepaiate and distinct
thing. It is true, the topographical survey had
up to that time cost some twelve million dollars;
but up to that time there had been expended, from
1791 to 1856, upon the whole surveys of the Brit-
ish Islands, only $10,000,000; whereas, we have
expended, from 1843 up to 1860, nearly seven mil-
lion dollars, and that does not include a great many
of the incidental expenses that are connected with
our coast survey But I said before, I only want
to put myself right upon the, record in regard to
this matter. I only want to plaee' iwyself in such
a position that the vote that I give to-aay shall not
be quoted against me as a reason .why. I should
vote for similar amounts year afte,r year, as lgng
as I remain here. When I become^more iJa^roughly
acquainted with the coast survey, it is.possibte
that 1 may change my views, though I'-do' npfc
think I shall. -
Mr. PEARCE. I will merely state a fact to
the^Senator in reply to what he has just said. J
read from a report of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, made in 1851, in regard to the cost. Speak-
ing of the cost in Great Britain, he says u one
year's cost of her hydrography (1845-46) was
$893,910* In 1845-46, and in 1846-41, it was
equal to the whole coast survey appropriation to
1849." That gives you an element of compari-
son.
Mr. GRIMES. I also read from a little pam-
phlet, put in my hands by an officer connected
with the Coast Survey, in this city, that:
"The trigonometrical survey for Englaiidalonebadcost,
up to 1856, $5,000,000; that of Ireland, $5,300,000; that or
Scotland, $i,40D,OOOj making, for the United Kingdom,
$11,500,000."
That is for the land surveys that we do not
have. ["Oh, yes!"] No; we make points on
the land; but they go over the whole country.
There is not a city, a village, a hamlet, in the
whole of England that is not thoroughly surveyed;
every stone, almost, is put down on their maps.
I happen to have seen some of them.
Mr. PEARCE. That is the topographic sur-
vey. Will the Senator aJlowme to state one word
more? and that is, that this deep-sea work, far off
the coast, towards the Gulf Stream, is of a very
different kind from the closer and more accurate
survey within ten miles along the shore.
#Mr, GRIMES. This goes on to say:
"This is for land work. Besides this, however, $10,000,000
weie expended m liydiogiapliy, up to 1856."
That is the kind ©f survey we make here,
which we call a coast survey.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 do not feel disposed to
make an argument on this subject. It has been
argued before the Senate a great many times, and
before most of us here. I will only state the
reasons which actuated the Committee on Fi-
nance, as I understood them, for proposing to
increase this appropriation.
They were well convinced that economy re-
quired it, if we are to continue the work at all;
because, if we struck off more than one half, as
proposed by the House of Representatives, of ne-
cessity it breaks up the corps as at present organ-
ized, and it diminishes entirely the efficiency of
tbe work. We have begun it, and continued it
for many years. It is a great national work, ne-
cessarily involving many years of time, and many
millions of expense; and it will be well worth ail
its cost, as everybody knows, when it is con-
cluded. Then the simple question is, do we mean
to continue it or not? I presume there is no Sena-
tor who doubts that that is the policy of the coun-
try, and that the interests of the country and of
commerce require it. Then, if we mean to con-
tinue it to the end, is there any reason why we
should break up the corps as it now exists in its
efficient state, under its present very able man-
agement, and reduce it more than half, and thus
check the progress of the work at the present
time? I suppose the House of Representatives
were actuated by the idea that in the presentstate
of things in certain portions of the country, the
work could not be continued. We inquired into
that matter of the Superintendent of the Coast
Survey, and we found that all the money asked
for could be economically expended; because, if
it were not expended over the whole space, it
would only be doubled upon other portions, and
the work be brought just so much nearer to its
conclusion. So that there would be nothing lost,
but much saved, by continuing it in its present
condition. We therefore supposed it was advis-
able to do so, and understood that that fact had
not been communicated to the other House.
We were influenced, moreover, with regard to
this first amount of $,250,000, which the House
of Representatives cut down to $100,000, by being
informed that, if it was cut down to $100,000,
and the expenses of the office taken out of it> there
would hardly be anything left to continue the
survey of the northern coast—a very trifling sum,
