1168
THS CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 25.
which, could not be made efficient; and we sup-
posed the House of Representatives did not un-
derstand this fact.
In regard to the survey of the Pacific coast, it
itf going on now at a very moderate rate; and we
were informed and believed that a less sum than
that proposed for the coast of California and Ore-
gon would be to render the survey entirely ineffi-
cient, and wnjtld result m a loss. We believed
the statements that were made; andunder the facts
as stated to us, after careful examination and con-
sideration, we came to the conclusion that sound
economy required that the appropriation asked
for should be made, with a view, if it was made
here, that the whole matter would undoubtedly be
submitted to the House of Representatives again;
and if there were any good reasons to reduce, in
fact, any of the amounts, on a conference those
reasons could be understood, and it would be done.
I remain of the same opinion. I think the work
a very great and important one; and I do not be-
lieve it is consistent with sound economy, or the
interests of the country, that the amount asked
for should be substantially reduced. Such was
the opinion of the officers, and of those officers
I have a very high opinion, and believe that the
money will be expended carefully and well undei
their supervision.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I do not intend to go into a
discussion of the merits of the coast survey. It
is very clear to my mind that,unless we are going
to abandon it in toto, economy requires that we
should keep the appropriations up to the esti-
mates. We have already all the implements, the
boats and materials that are necessary to keep it
up, according to the estimates. If we are going
to dispense with them by curtailing the appro-
priation one half, you render them useless; and
when you go to raise it again, you will have to
incur additional expense; and when you cur tart
the appropriation one half, you almost entirely
stop the work, because a large portion of this
appropriation is expended, as has been said, in
the organization in this city in the maps and charts
and plans, &e.; and it is almost equivalent to dis-
continuing the work upon the coast. Wo matter
what may happen, I trust the coast survey will
go oil. It is essential to the commerce of this
country, to the national defense, to the American
character, that the coast survey should go 011 and
bo completed; arid I have no idea that anything
will occur to interrupt Liu; harmonious and peace-
ful prosecution of this woik; and i hope, there-
fore, we shall concur with the Committee 011 Fi-
nance in keeping the appropriations up to the
estimates.
Mr. HALE. I am not a convert to that kind
of cconomy which goes on increasing and increas-
ing expenses continually, and when a motion is
made to reduce them, cnes out that a due regard
to economy requires that the highest sum shall
be appropriated; because, if the highest sum is
not given, the whole corps will be broken up, and
when you come to employ them again it will cost
more. That I have 110 doubt is true; but lhat, 1
think, is not the kind of economy which the Gov-
ernment or the country wants.
The theory of our Government generally is—
though, to be sure, the Senate have a negative on
all the doings of the House of Representatives—
that the House of Representatives are the legiti-
mate guardians of the Treasury; and that they
understand quite as well as the Senate what the
wants of the public service are. 1 remember that
in a noted instance, not long since, when the ap-
priations for the navy-yards were cut down very
much by the House of Representatives below
what they had been, the Senate thought it was
wisdom, m tiiat case, to follow the House, and
the Senate did follow the House; and the appro-
priations for the navy-yards were cut down very
largely. I have never heaid or seen it intimated
that any detriment to the public scrvice grew out
of the concurrence of the Senate m the aetion of
the House in cutting down the estimates for navy-
yards very much; although, tf my memory serves
me right, something like ninety per cent, of the
estimates of the Department were cut down by
the House of Representatives, and the Senate
concurred.
There is another thing. I confess, for one, that
I am not satisfied that there is a proper supervis-
ion and control over the expenses of the coast
survey retained by any department of the Gov-
ernment. The appropriations are voted some-
what ill gross; and they are disbursed without
that supervision by any accounting officer of the
Government that there ought to be. AVhen we
are obliged to borrow money, and go into the
markets of the country, and sell our obligations
for something like ten per cent, discount, I think
it is not a time to encourage these large expend-
itures. I think the coast survey is a very good
place to begin. The difficulty is, that if you at-
tempt to begin any reformation, any retrenchment
anywhere, there are particular friends of that par-
ticular branch, who will tell you that that is not
the place to begin, and that now is not the exact
time, and that you had better take some other
time, or some other place. So it will be with
every single branch of the public service where
you attempt to practice any economy. Now, sir,
1 think this is an eminently fit time, and the coast
survey an exceedingly appropriate measure upon
which to* apply a litttle wholesome retrenchment
and economy; and I am for concurring in the ac-
tion of the House of Representatives.
Mr. DOUGLAS. One word in reply to the
Senator from New Hampshire. I am not a con-
vert to that system of economy which consists in
striking off twenty-five or fifty per cent, from an
estimate, without reference to the merits or de-
merits of the estimate. I remember that, some
years a o, there was a chairman of the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means, noted for his economy,
who had a fixed habit of striking off twenty-five
per cent, from each estimate, without reference to
its nature, 011 the ground that if ho struck off
twenty-five per cent, he saved so much to the
Treasury. I was new in the House of Repre-
sentatives at that time; and I hurried off to the
Secretary of the Treasury, and notified him that
twenty-five per cent, was about to be stricken
from lm estimates. "Oh," said he, " I know the
habits of ihechainnan of Ways and Means so well
that I provided for that; I made my estimates,
and added twenty-five per cent., expecting the
chairman to strike them off, and knowing that he
would be gratified in saving that much to tile Treas-
ury, and we should get just what the public ser-
vice required." 1 was never a convei t, however,
to that system of economy which consists in strik-
ing right and left, twenty-five or fifty per cent.,
without reference to the merits of the particular
branch of the public service for which the money
is wanted. If the Senator can show that these
estimates arc erroneous, or that they are too much
111 any particular bianeh, I will help linn to cur-
tail wherever lie will show them to be unneces-
sary; but striking 111 the dmk, blindly, without
leference to the sufficiency of the estimates, is not,
to my mind, satisfactory evidence of wisdom, or
of economy
Mr. HALE. I take it that, in the present con-
dition of the country, we are not going to pursue
iho roast survey on the coasts of States that deny
your rightand claim that they have seceded from
iiie Union, and therefore all the money that is
calculated to be spent there may be saved; but in
that suggestion, 1 am met by the Senator from
Maine, who tells us that the Superintendent of
the Coast Survey says be can very comfortably
spend the money, notwithstanding,profitably and
wisely elsewhere. I do not doubt it; I do not
doubt it in the least; lint I think, at this time, all
the money which was intended by the estimates
to be expended on those States may be stricken
out, and that when our "territory is diminished
and the amount of coast where we can prudently
and judiciously operate is diminished, and our
means arc less and our money is bortowed, it is
a good time and a good place to begin the work
of letrenehment.
Mr. PEARCE. I will barely state, in reply
to what has fallen from the Senator from New
Hampshire, that I think, the last few years, the
expenditures of the Coast Survey have been scru-
tinized with keener eyes than have been turned
upon any other office under this Government.
There has not been a very friendly feeling towards
it in certain quarters; and a pretty acute vision
lias been employed to detect anything that might
seem to be wrong or be tortured into it. The Scn-
atorseemsto think itis notundersufficienteontrol.
Well, sir, there is, by law, full authority given to
the Secretary of the Treasury to control all these
expenditures, and make regulations for the pur-
pose of bringing them down to the lowest proper
point, and all the accounts are examined by the
Auditor and by the Comptroller. The whole is,
besides, under the general supervision of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury and of his assistant, and
I know the fact that a vast amount of the expend-
itures under the Coast Survey are made upon a
narrower scale than in any other branch of the
Government. For example, take a young man
who may wish to become a surveyor; he is put
into the Coast Survey at the lowest grade of em-
ployment; he gets §190 a year and a ration per
day—that is his pay. He often gets up to his
waist in salt water, in winter—a capital school
for reforming bad boys. [Laughter.] You pay
to a common laborer here, a ditcher, a man that
uses a spade in these grounds, two dollars a day.
A young man who has been to school and studied
mathematics has to work his way up in the Coast
Survey. They are promoted by merit. No such
thing as favoritism is known; no such thing as
politics is known. A young man is promoted
according to his merit. When he shows himself
competent for a higher grade of service, he is em-
ployed at it, and gets the compensation appropri-
ate to it, and in 110 case is the compensation large.
Mr. KENNEDY called for the yeas and nays;
and they were ordered.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll.
. Mr. GREEN, (when his name was called.) I
have paired off with the Senator from New York
[Mr.* Seward] on all party questions; and if this
is a party question, I cannot vote.
Mr. HALE. It is the party of reform against
the party of extravagance. ^ .
Mr. GREEN. Then I vote in the affirmative.
The result was announced—yeas 35, nays 11;
as follows:
YKAS—Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Bigler, Bragg, Clark,
Chngman, Coilamer, Cuttenden, Dixon, Douglas, Durkee,
Fessemlcn, Fitch. Foot, Foster, Gieen, Gwm, Hemphill,
Hunter, Kennedy, Lane, Latham, Mason, Moriilt, Peaice,
Powell, Iiice, Sebastian, Simmons, Sumner, Ten Eyck,
Thomson, Wigfaii, Wilkinson, and VVil-on—35.
NAYS—Messrs. Baker, liinghrnn, Cameion, Chandler,
Doohttle, Gumes, Hale, King, Nicholson, Trumbull, and
Wade—11.
The Secretary read the next excepted amend-
ment, which wns to increase the appropriation
" for continuing the survey of the western coast
of the United States, including compensation ef
civilians engaged in the work, from §70,000 to
$130,000.
The amendment was concurred in.
The next excepted amendment made in Com-
mittee of the Whole was, m page 2, line twenty-
two, to strike out " forty," and insert" twenty;"
so that the clause will read:
For continuing the survey of the Floiida reefs and keys,
(including compensation 01'civilians engaged in the work,
and excluding pay and emoluments of otficers of the Aimy
and Navy, and petty oflicers and men of the Navy employed
oil the worK,) &40,G00.
The amendment was concurred in.
The next excepted amendment was to strike
out the following clause:
"For the pre.-ctvation of the collections of the exploring
and suive} nig expeditions of the Government, and the eon-
sti notion of suitable cases to receive said collections,
^6,1)00."
And in lieu of it to insert:
For the distnbution of the collections of the exploring
and surveying expeditions of the Government, and the con
struction of additional cases to iceeive such paitof :aid
collections as may he letained by the Government, $6,000;
such distribution "to be only to institutions witling to receive
the same, and at their own expense.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hope the Senate will
not concur in the amendment to that amendment
that was made in Committee of the Whole. I
think itis unnecessary.
Mr. PEARCE. As I understand, the amend-
ment of the Committee 011 Finance has been
amended on the motion of the Senatorfroni North
Carolina, [Mi'.Brjgc..] The Senatorfrom Maine
wants to get rid of the amendment of the Senator
from North Carolina. What course does he pro-
pose to take ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senate, I suppose,
may refuse to concur in the amendment to the
amendment.
Mr. PEAR.CE. The question will not be put
upon that, as I undeistiind, but on the amend-
ment, as amended; and I think we had better let
it pass.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If the chairman is con-
tent with it, I have no objection to make.
