208
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 27.
the accounts which are presented afterwards, by
the clerk or stenographer employed, for adjust-
ment to the committee on which I have the honor
to serve. I would suggest to him the propriety
and necessity of fixing "the amount of compensa-
tion to be allowed to the stenographer or clerk em-
ployed by the committee, if the House should see
proper to grant the enlarged discretion embraced
in this resolution.
But, Mr. Speaker, I would suggest another dif-
ficulty which occurs to my mind in reference to
this resolution. It proposes to authorize the com-
mittee to sit elsewhere than in the city of Wash-
ington. It must be obvious to every gentleman,
who has had any experience in reference to the
proceedings conducted by committees of this na-
ture, that exigencies arise from time to time in
reference to the non-attendance of witnesses be-
fore them, and they have to apply to the House
for compulsory process in such cases. How can
that power to compel the attendance of witnesses,
which is vested in the House itself, be exercised
when the committee is ata distant point? i should
think it would be more proper for the committee
to apply to the House from time to time for leave
to go elsewhere and conduct the investigation,
and not to ask this general power now, when the
chairman of the committee is unable to say to the
House that there is any necessity at present ex-
isting for conferring it upon them.
[ therefore appeal, to the gentleman to consider
well the terms of this resolution before he presses
it upon the consideration of the House. Unless
the gentleman will withdraw his resolution for
the present, I will move to lay it upon the table.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I ask that the resolu-
tion be again reported.
The resolution was again read.
Mr. CRAWFORD, if the gentleman from
Maryland will withdraw his motion to lay the
resolution upon the table, I will offer an amend-
ment which, I think, will meet his views.
Mr. KUNKEL. I withdraw my motion, sir.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I move, then, to strike
out all after the word u elsewhere" to the end of
the resolution. I am perfectly willing; to allow
the committee to sit during the sessions of the
House. 1 have no objection to that. I have no
objection to their sitting at any place in the city
where they may think it advisable; but I do not
see any necessity for giving the committee a rov-
ing commission to travel to any part of the coun-
try for the purpose of investigating this matter.
The uniform rule for the last six years, I will
state to the gentleman from Illinois, has been,
where a committee has felt it necessary to go else-
where, to send a sub-committee. Except in the
case of the Kansas investigating committee, a
whole committee has never been authorized to go
away. In the case of the Kansas investigation,
it was thought better to send the whole commit-
tee. because it was more economical to send the
whole committee than it would have been to bring
the witnesses here who would have been neces-
sary to investigate what the committee were ap-
pointed to investigate. The committee were,
therefore, authorized to go to Kansas. There
have been other committees appointed since that
time; and wherever it has been thought necessary
to make in vestigations outside of the city of Wash-
ington , a sub-committee has been appointed. That
is the course which has been uniformly adopted,
so far us [ know; and I am,therefore, in favorof
striking out all after thatpoiUon of the resolution
winch authorizes the committee to sit during the
sessions of the House. I am also opposed to the
employment of these stenographers. It only af-
fords occupation to some gentlemen who desire to
spend a few weeks in the city of Washington at
four, five, six, or seven dollars a day. I do not
know what is the amount. I am informed by a
member of the Committee of Accounts, that we
pay them fifty dollars a day.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. I hope thegen-
tleman fiom Georgia will allow me to say a word
or two.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I am opposed to employ-
ing stenographers, or any one else, for the pur-
pose of ivpnrtingspeechcsfor gentlemen to be put
in the newspapers of the country, with a view of
distinguishmgpartios who make eloquent speeches
before the committee. We have had enough ex-
pens.' in that way. I do not see that thereisany
nece>,,'ty for it. I therefore hope that the House
will vote it down, all except the first portion of
the resolution. And now I will hear what the gen-
tleman from Maryland has to say before I yield
the floor.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. The gentleman
from Maryland will be very brief. In the first
place, as to the employment of stenographers, I
will simply say to the gentleman from Georgia,
that unless the committee are allowed to employ
a stenographer, it will be impossible for them to
transact their business. They must have a clerk,
and if their clerk is to write down the testimony
word for word, his pay, from the extension of
time, will amount to as much as the pay of a
stenographer. We cannot get along without a
stenographer. It will be impossible for the com-
mittee to go into the investigation with which
the House has charged them, unless the House
chooses to give them the necessary facilities.
As to a roving commission, the gentleman may
be entirely satisfied, and the House may rest well
assured, that unless there is some controlling and
imperative reason which requires it, the commit-
tee will never move one step from this District.
They have sufficient information already, I may
be permitted to say, to satisfy them that the au-
thority which they ask is essential to the proper
conduct of their investigation, and I hope that,
without further discussion, the House will have
sufficient confidence in their discretion and good
sense to confer this power upon them.
Mr. CRAWFORD. Do I undei'stand the gen-
tleman to say that the committee have already a
clerk ?
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. No, sir; we have
no clerk.
Mr. CRAWFORD. Do you want both a clerk
and a stenographer?
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. No; we want
only a stenographer, who will act both as a clerk
and stenographer. #
Mr. MAYNARD. I suggest to the gentleman
from Georgia, that it would be utterly impossible
to conduct an investigation of this kind without
the aid of a stenographer to take down the evi-
dence; it would be utterly impracticable, unless
the evidence was heard m parole, and not pre-
served at all. 1 can readily conceive that,, in the
investigation of a matter of this kind, there might
be an exigency requiring the committee to leave
the District, of such a nature that it would not be
proper to disclose the object at present, for it
might defeat the very purpose intended to be ac-
complished. I hope, therefore, the resolution will
be adopted.
Mr. CONKLING. I move the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. CRAWFORD. The gcntlesnan has not
the floor for that purpose.
Mr. CONKLING. I supposed the gentleman
from Georgia had yielded the floor.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. The committee
were informed, at an informal interview with the
Secretary of the Interior on the day of their ap-
pointment, that their labors would be extensive
and laborious, and that it would take some time
to investigate this matter. They have consulted
him in the premises.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I would ask the gentle-
man from Illinois what amount of money will be
paid per diem to the stenographer under this res-
olution ?
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. Just what is paid
to the stenographers in the employment of the
Globe oifice.
A Member. IIow much is that ?
Mr. CRAWFORD. I understand that, under
this resolution, the stenographer would receive
fifty dollars a day; and, for one, I am not pre-
pared to authorize the payment of that amount.
Unless, therefore, the amount to be paid to the
stenographer is specified, 1 shall vote against the
resolution.
Mr. McCLERNAND. I would suggest to the
gentleman from Georgia, that before he yields the
floor, he move to amend the resolution, so as to
limit the amount of compensation to be paid to
the stenographer.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I have submitted amotion
to strikeout all after the word " elsewhere" in
the resolution.
MESSAGE rnOM THE SENATE,
A message was received from the Senate by
Mr. Hickey, its chief Clerk, informing the House
that the President of the United States had noti-
fied the Senate that he did, on the 22d instant,
approve and sign a bill for the relief of William
A. Linn's estate; also that the Senate had passed,
without amendment, a bill (II. R. No. 436) for
the relief of Mrs. Eliza A. Merchant, widow of
the late first Lieutenant and Brevet-Captain
Charles G. Merchant, of the United States Army;
also that the Senate had passed bills of the fol-
lowing titles, in which he was directed to ask the
concurrence of the House:
* An act (No. 376) for the relief of Major Ben-
jamin Alvord, paymaster, United States Army;
An act (No. 463) for the relief of W. H.
Vesey; and
An act (No. 523) for the relief of Lieutenant
George L. Hartsuff, United States Army.
LIEUTENANT GEORGE L. IIARTSUFJb1.
Mr. STANTON. I ask the gentleman from
Georgia to give way for one moment.
Mr. CRAWFORD. Certainly.
Mr. STANTON. On Monday last the House
passed a bill for the lelief of Lieutenant Hartsuff;
on the same day the Senate passed a similar bill,
which has just been sent in. I now ask that by
unanimous consent, the Senate bill be taken up
and passed.
There being no objection, Senate bill No. 523,
for the relief of Lieutenant George L. Hartsuff,
was taken up, received its several readings, and
was passed.
STENOGRAPHER FOR COMMITTEE—AGAIN.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I propose this amendment
to the resolution of the gentleman from Illinois:
that the stenographer shall act as clerk, and that
his rate of compensation shall be $4 50 per col-
umn of the Daily Globe.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I have no objection
to that.
The amendment was agreed to.
The SPEAKER stated the question next to be
on the furthei amendment striking out the clause
of the resolution permitting the committee to hold
its sessions elsewhere than in Washington city.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Is that pending
before the House? I thought that amendment
had been withdrawn.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I will state that, after the
remark of the chairman of the committee that the
Secretary of the Interior has indicated his opin-
ion that the committee may be required to sit else-
where, I am willing to withdraw that amend-
ment.
The resolution as amended was then adopted.
Mr. CASE moved to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution was adopted; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. SHERMAN. I now renew my motion
that the rules be suspended, and that the House
resolve itself into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, and, pending that motion,
I move that the Indian appropriation bill be made
a special order in committee.
The motion making the bill referred to a spe-
cial order was agreed to 
Mr. SHERMAN. I now ask for the vote upon
my other motion.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, (Mr. Stanton in the
chair,) and proceeded, as a special order, to the
consideration of House bill No. 865, making ap-
propriations for the service of the Indian depart-
ment and for fulfilling treaty stipulations with
various tribes of Indians for the year ending June
30, 1862.
The CHAIRMAN stated that the first reading
of the bill would be dispensed with if no objection
be made.
Mr. GARNETT. I require the readingofthe
bill.
The Clerk commenced to read.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will state to the gentle-
man from Virginia that the bill is fifty pages
long, and that after its first reading it must be
read by clauses for amendment. I hope he will
withdraw his objection to dispensing with the
first reading of the bill.
