1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
211
by them, unless they should decline to occupy it;
and if they should decline to occupy it on any
occasion, it might be appropriated to citizens of
the United States.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Is it too late to object to
the consideration of this resolution?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There was no
objection made at the time the resolution was of-
fered. It is under discussion now, and the ques-
tion is on agreeing to the resolution.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is a matter that I do not
wish to take up the time of the Senate in discuss-
ing; and I think the best way to get rid of it
would be to object to^to consideration, and let it
go over. [" Postpone u."] I move to postpone
it until to-morrow.
The motion was not agreed.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I will make a single
remark or two. I hardly think that I should have
proposed this resolution at all if I had supposed
it would be deemed a matter of consequence or
importance enough to lead to any discussion or
any objection. I did not suppose it would. It is
assigning to respectable foreigners, who are here
in official capacity, a seat in the gallery. Is there
any thing in this that does not become the hospi-
tality and courtesy with which the American peo-
ple, in their private capacity, in their private
houses, receive respectable strangers and foreign-
ers? It is because I think it becomes the hospi-
tality, and is a graceful exercise of the courtesy,
of the people of the United States, that I have been
induced to offer this resolution and shall vote for
it; that is all. I view it in that light. I never
thought of starting any question of rivalry be-
tween these foreigners and our American citizens
as to privileges or distinctions to be granted here.
It is not the occasion for any such question. It
is a matter of civility and courtesy to strangers
and to foreigners who are here on business with
our Government; that is all. I am sure it is not
for us beyond that measure of courtcsy which
they would receive from every American gentle-
man in whose house they might be.
Sir, there is a reason a little beyond this, I
think, why they should have scats assigned them.
We desire to open to them all the means of in-
formation whatever of the country and of the
Government to which they have been sent. This
is one of the means. Important debates are ex-
pected to-day. How could any one get into these
galleries? You have privileged ministers to como
on this floor; but that does not include the whole
class of official foreigners by any means; and all
but the ministers themselves would be excluded.
I will not argue the question at all. The Sen-
ate may dispose of it as they please. If they
choose to convert a mere question of courtesyand
of hospitality into a great question of privileges and
distinctions, I have nothing more to say about it;
but I think there is not an American citizen who
would not feel that the Senate of the United Suites
might well show this mark of the courtesy and
hospitality of America and of this Government. I
have no more to say about it. I hope the ques-
tion will be put.
S The resolution was agreed to.
STATE OF TIII3 UNION.
Mr. POWELL. Mr. President, the special
committee of the Senate, to whom was referred
that poi tion of President's message relating to the
present agitated condition of the country, have
directed me to report. I send to the Secretary's
table the journal of the proceedings of the com-
mittee. I ask that the report be read.
The Secretary read, as follows:
The cnmnuttec of thirteen, appointed by order of the
Senate, of the '20th instant, have agreed upon tlm fallowing
jusolution, and report the same to the Senate :
Resohed. That the committee have not been able to agree
upon any general plan of adjustment, and repoit that fact
to the kienate, together with the journal of the committee.
Mr. POWELL. I move that the report and
the lournal of the committee be printed.
ThePRESIDINGOFFICER. That order will
be made, unless objected to.
Mr. DOUGLAS rose.
ThePRESIDINGOFFICER. TheChairhears
no objection.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I rose to say a word on the
question of printing.
ThePRESIDINGOFFICER. TheCluurwill
hear the Senator.
Mr. DOUGLAS. 1 desire to discuss the ques-
tion which is contained in the reportaryl journal;
not at this time, but at as early a period as pos-
sible. The Senate will not meet to-morrow; and
I desire that the motion may lie over untn^Ved-
nesday.
Mr. GWIN, I will suggest to the Senator
from Illinois that he had better sclect some other
day. There is a special older—the Pacific rail-
road bill—for that day; and I hope, the Senator
will not interfere with it. Say Thursday.
Mr. DOUGLAS. If I had any assurance that
the Pacific railroad bill could be disposed of in
one day or two days, I should be willing to waive
my remarks for that time; but, from what I have
learned, I am perfectly satisfied the Senator can-
not get the Pacific railroad bill through on Wed-
nesday.
Mr. GWIN. It is the special order for that
day.
Mr. DOUGLAS. But ill the present condition
of the country, certainly there aic otherquestions
that will override it. Otherwise, I would not be
in the way; for the Senator well knows that I have
always supported every Pacific railroad bill. I
am certain we cannot get action on it on that day.
Mr. MASON. Allow me to suggest to the
Senator to let the order to print be made, and
move pro forma to print an additional number of
copies.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I am willing to do that, if I
may have the floor on Wednesday to discuss the
question.
Mr. COLLAMER. Does the Senator propose
to make it a special order for Wednesday?
Mr. DOUGLAS. No; I move to postpone it
until one o'clock on that day, for the purpose of
then addressing the Senate.
Mr. COLLAMER. A special order will take
precedence of it, of course.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The order then
will be, that the usual number be printed.
Mr. POWELL. The order is already made
that the report and journal be printed.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
on printing extra numbers will remain over.
Mr. POWELL. 1 now move that one thou-
sand extra copies of the report and journal of the
committee be printed.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That motion
will go to the Committee on Printing, under the
rules.
Mr. POWELL. Let it stand over until Wed-
nesday, at one o'clock.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That will bo
considered as the sense of the Senate, unless ob-
jected to.
\ AMENDMENTS TO TUB CONSTITUTION.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I had the honor, some
days ago, of submitting to the Senate a resolution
which was referred to the committee of thirteen,
I believe. I desire to inquire whether there was
any icferencc of it. I did not move any refer-
ence; and I am not sure, though the committee
had it under consideration, that there was any ref-
erence.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator refer to the joint resolution that he intro-
duced ?
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Yes, sir.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It was not
referred, the Chair is informed.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Then, sir, I desire to
fix some day for its consideration The gentle-
man from Illinois has moved to postpone this re-
port till Wednesday; and peihaps it would be
better—though there can be but little hope that it
will be discussed on that day—that this should
accompany that. The one is germane to the
other. I move, therefore, that it Ge made the spe-
cial order for Wednesday next, at one o'clock.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The first ques-
tion will be on taking up the resolution for con-
sideration. The Senator from Kentucky moves
to take up the joint resolution (S. No. 50) pro-
posing certain amendments to tfce Constitution of
the United States. '
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now is on postponing the further consideration
of the resolution until Wednesday next, and
making it the special order for one o'clock on that
day.
Mr. CRITTENDEN There aie otker reso-
lutions that relate to amendments to the Consti^
tution. ' : - ' i
The PRESIDING OFFICER, The .notion,
will embrace all the resolutions. \ ,
The motion was agreed to.
TERRITORY 01? ARTZTJMA. * *
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (S.
365) to provide a temporary government for the
Territory of Arizuma, and to create the office of
surveyor general therein; the pending question,
being on Mr. Trumbull's amendment to the:
amendment of Mr. Brown. Mr. Brown's amend-
ment was to add as an additional section:
Jlndbe it further enacted, That the act of the Legislative
Assembly of New Mexico, approved February 3,1859, en-
titled " An act to provide for the protection of property in
slaves in this Territory," be, and die same is hereby,
extended to, and declared in force in, the Territory of
Arizuma, and it shall not be repealed during the territorial
existence or said Territory.
Mr. Trumbull moved to amend the amendment
by striking out all after the word "that," and
inserting: ' * .
The law in rcspcct to African slavery, as it existed in 1
said Territory at the time of its acquisition from Mexico/
shall remain unchanged until its admission as a State.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on agreeing to the amendment to the amend-
ment. Is the Senate ready for the question?
Mr. IVERSON. Let us have the yeas and
nays upon it.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. TRUMBULL. _ That amendment I be-
lieve pretty fully explains itself. I do not desire '
to occupy the attention of the Senate in making
any remarks upon it, further than to state that I
hope it will receive the sanction of this body. -
Here is a region of country about to be organized
into a territorial government, which, at the time
we acquired it, was under a law excluding Afri-
can slavery from it. Now, the question is, when
it becomes incorporated with this Government,
without any action of the people there, or any
desire to have that law changed, whether we
should not continue the existing state of things.
That is what we propose by this amendment—
that the status of the country in respect to Afri-
can slavery as it was when we acquired it, shall
continue. This is not the Wilmot proviso, to
exclude slavery; it has been done already; nor is
it like the section proposed by the Senator from
Mississippi, a provision establishing slavery
there; but it is to leave the country in the condi-
tion in which we found it when it was acquired
The amendment explains itself; and as the yeas
and nays have been ordered upon it, I have no
desire to take up the time further than to record
my vote in its favor.
Mr. GREEN. The Senator from Illinois is
greatly at fault. I will not now say, because it
is not necessary, what the law of Mexico was,
and what the effect of that law would be afteran-
ncxation; but I do say, that the proposition made
by the Senator from Mississippi is simply to con-
tinue the existing law over Arizona. Under the
Jaw of 1850, New Mexico was organized. When
the Gadsden treaty was made, it was annexed to
New Mexico and placed under the law of that
Territory.-New Mexico passed the identical law
that my friend from Mississippi has proposed to
make the law of Arizuma. It is the present law
of Arizona; and when he proposes, therefore, to
make it the permanent law of Arizuma, he pro-
poses to do no wrong to anybody. He does not
propose to change the law that existed in the
Gadsden purchase, for that is already changed by
the existing law of New Mexico. There is no
mistake about it; and the Senator from Illinois is
greatly at fault when he says we propose to change
a law that existed, and with wh^c-h. the people
were satisfied. The law which the Senator from
Mississippi proposes to make the permanent law
is the existing law—the law that nobody can
change, without competent authority. I thought,
perhaps, it was unnecessary to propose it, because
I knew the people there would have just exactly
such institutions as they wanted; and therefore l
thought it was unfortunate that my friend ftom
Mississippi offered it; but when he offers it, the
principle being right, the law being right* I can-
not vote against it.
But my friend from Illinois is greatly at fauU
when lie says we are proposing to interfere Avith
the people who do not desire any such law* They
