1.172
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 25,
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
mentwill be read. The Chair will feel called upon
to enforce the rules with regard to debate; but the
reading of the amendment is asked for, and it
will be read.
■ The Secretary again read the amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objection js
made to the reception of this amendment, under
the 30th rule, and the question is: "Will the
Senate receive this amendment as a question of
order?"
Mr. BIGLER. Let us have the yeas and nays
upon it. [" Oh, no."l Very well.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is the Senate
"ready for the question on the amendment?
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. The Senator
from Pennsylvania asked for the yeas and nays
upon it,
Mr. BIGLER. I withdrew the call. I am told
it is similar to the case of the Charleston custom-
house, and there is no doubt about it.
The question being put, the Senate refused to
receive the amendment.
Mr. GREEN. 1 desire to move an amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foster.)
Will the Senator pause for a moment? The dis-
turbance upon the floor of the Senate and in the
gallery is so great, that it isentively impossible to
proceed with public business, and it will be sus-
pended until order is restoied. Will Senators
resume their^seats and come to order, and wiil
the Sergeant-at-Arms see that the gallery is kept
quiet, and that persons who are noisy be removed.''
The Senator from Missouri.
Mr. GREEN. I propose the following amend-
ment, of which I gave notice a few days ago, and
which I postponed in order that it might bo
printed, and to give Senators an opportunity to
examine it. it is to insert as a new section:
~3nd be it further cnactcd, To enable the Secretary of the
Navy to carry out the conditional oontiaot made l>y him
with the Chiriqui Improvement Company and Ambrose \V.
Thompson, on the 9)  t day of May, 1H59, for the purpose of
securing tothe United States certain valuable priyilwjes and
rights r-peciticd in the said contract, the -sum of 93<l0,0i)0 :
Provided, The said sum shall, as the President may elect,
be paid In cash or in the bond •> of the United St w* having
twciit) years to run and beating mx pet centum mteic-*t,
payable «.emi annually The said conditional contract In
hereby appioved, provided the lollownijj amended coudi
lion--, explanatoiy thereof, shall be added thereto, namely .
The -said contiact shall convey to the United Stales, fori lie
u e of the Navy Dep.ninirnW ^itch coves oi mtenoi inland
baibors, suitable for the -belter and iep.ni of vessel ot the
Navy, aw may be best adapted ihi i elor, and v\ Inch arc so
cured by tlx; grants ami puvilege^ ••in lull pioperty and
possesion," held by the <aid company ami the said Thomp-
son, and shall convey in let; or by lunewable leases in pe
nods of ninety nine years, as hball be dctei mined by the
President of the United State-, all the land icquired for coal
and other stations-, not exceeding live thousand acres on
either side, with the right, to cut and nr-e the timber theieon
foi naval purposes, and >hall convey the perpetual right to
u.se such quantities ol coal from the mines of Chiriqui for
the Navy lis may be icquired loi the Gulf i-quadron, and a
pupplj ot coal I'ot the Pacific squadron, after a railroad shall
he conntruetcd hom the Atlantic to the Pacific, at oi near
the harbors of the Chiriqui htgoon and Golfuo, and shall
convey the right of tiant-poitiua ovci the road all the prop
ertie- and thing* ot the United State* Government, and all
peivoiH m the employ or service thereof, tree tiom tolls
during the period ot the  rant, *o laras s>uch right i> given
undci ihe -aid giant; but tin* tight or the right to use the
station* on the Atlantic or Pacilie shall not be undeistood
to a flee i the sovereign right winch New (Jranad.i or CoMa
Kica mav have over the territory in which the grant ot laud
and privilege# are located The said sum heteby appio
pnated shall be paid >o soon as a contiacl shall he entered
into, with guarantees ol performance futisiactoiy to the
President. for the d.-hv< r.v ot Mipphux ol coal m th  qu.m
titles winch mav be estimated to be required pei month at
the station ol the Chiriqui lagoon at one hall the puce per
ton winch coal now costs the (iovvinment at Aspinwali—
piovuhng also tor supplies ot coal at (rollifo at one halt the
price which coal now costs the Government at Panama:
Provided jurtlun, That if, upon a reexamination of the
titles of the sa d Chiriqui Impiovement Company and ihe
said Ainbiose W. Thompson, it shall be ascertained by the
Piesident ot the United .States that the giant ot land "in
full piop'Mt v and po^se^ion on the Atlantic, and the giant
of land tor colonization within ceitain limits—"the teru-
toiy therein conceded "—on the Pacific, which said grants
meet at the summit of the Cotdillcias, and extend trom
ocean to occitn. einbiacmg the haiboi* ot AdinnaJ't! B:ij
and the ('Inuqui Ingonn on the Atlantic, and Goiflto and
Golfo Dolce on the Pacific,and other grants represented m
said title-papers, do not include and cover the right to im-
prove or make a raihoad over the said tenitory owned and
held by the said Thompson and the said company, he shall
then, in his discietion, withhold fiom present payment.
,«100.000 of tiic sum hereby appiopiiatcd, and cau-e the
same to ho ti.irismitted in specie to San Jo-e, m Costa llica,
to he applied to fulfilling lite conditions of the railroad in ant
oi contract made under authority of the Congress of t'o^ta
Rica by the President of that Republic to and with Ambio&e
W. Thompson Provided further^ Thatthecondittonal eon
tract, as amended and explained in accordance herewith
President of the United States and receive his approval
before they shall become binding under this act.
Mr. KING. Is that amendment in order ? I
object to it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator from New York make a question of order on
the amendment ?
Mr. KING. Yes, sir.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will submit that question to thf Senate. v
Mr. GREEN. I will state that this is recom-
mended by the head of a Department, and comes
strictly within the rule.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
of order, under the rule, must be decided without
debate.
Mr. GREEN. I understand that; but still, 1
have a right to make a statement of fact, not an
argument.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. By unanimous
consent of the Senate, the Senator may proceed.
Mr. GREEN. It is recommended by the head
of a Department, recommended by a committee,
and was withdrawn before under the spccial un-
derstanding that I should have the privilege of
moving it to this bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment which has been read its objected to on a
question of order; and the question is: " Will the
Senate receive this amendment as in order?"
Mr. GREEN. This is no private claim.
The question beins taken; on a division, there
were—ayes 23, rioes'G; no quorum voting.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I hope the question will
be put again. There is a quorum present. I
think Senatoisdid not understand it.
The question being again put, there were—ayes
33, noes 5.
So the amendment was received.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now is on the adoption of Llie amendment.
Mr. GREEN. I shall make a very brief state-
ment. I am aware of the many strong and pow-
erful influences which have been brought to bear
against this proposition, but I feel it my duty to
state why 1 think it ought to be adopted. A con-
ditional contract was entried into, I tlnnk last
year, with this company and with Mr. Thomp-
son, for tlie supply of coal on the Atlantic and
the Pacific; on the Pacific when the railroad is
completed, on the Atlantic I'orthwilh; and also for
live thousand acres of land for a naval depot.
When it came before Congress, there was a dif-
ference between the Senate and the House of
Representatives. The Senate approved it, and
appropriated the money; the House of Represent-
atives disagreed; but, on a compromise, they ap-
propriated ^25,000 to verify the tiuth of the state-
ments made in legard to the value of the property
granted and sold. The commission was created,
a vessel sent out, an examination had, and the
report of thatexammation far exceeds any repre-
sentation made by the contractors at the time.
The harbors are decided to be the best in the world;
and here I maybe permitted to remark that there
is no harbor from the Bay of Maraciubo up to the
harbor of Mobile that is woith a cent, except the
Clliriqui lagoon. The harbor of Santa Mai iha is
an open loadstead The h irbor ol Carthagena
was a good harbor on -e, but in the tune of the
i evolution they sank vessels in the main entrance,
and now, to get into the kike is so difficult, that
vessels anchor out ill tin1 open roadstead there.
The harbor at Aspimvall is an open roadstead;
and the trade winds, blowing in from the south-
east as they do, render anchorage unsafe, and
vessels have to put to sea for their own safety.
The harbor at San Juan lias been choked up with
sand, so that vessels diawing over twelve feet
cannot enter the harbor. AtTehuantepee, on the
Telniantepec route, the entrance is so difficult that
vessels starting from New Oilealis, sometimes
have to return to New Oi leans without getting in.
So it is around the whole Caribbean sea and the
whole Gulf of Mexico, where we have any transit
across. Hence the impoi tance, the indispensable
necessity, of having a safe harbor where our Navy
can concentrate. England has safe harbors m
the Barbadoes; she iias safe harbors at St. John's;
she has safe harbor.-! un Jamaica; she has also
made harbors and had a rendezvous at the Island
of Ruatan, one of the Bay islands. While Eng-
land is thus monopolizing every harbor com mand-
et me cuniMet H>1 co,il rfi livery, shall b.-.-'attained to tlie r
the Caribbean sea and the Gulf of Mexico,
we are doing nothing—lying still. Here we have
an opportunity to get the best naval station in the
world, and at a place where we must need it. The
report of the officers verifies every statement that
1 make. It shows that here is depth of water,
security, protection, a land-locked harbor, every-
thing that a naval officer could desire; and the
commodore who commanded the expedition made
this remark: thatit struck him with astonishment
that the Almighty could make as good a harbor.
That is not oil. Tlie greatest thing connected
with it for a naval station is the supply of coal.
Coal now costs us, at Aspinwall, from ten to
twelve dollars a ton. The condition of this con-
tract is, that it shall be supplied at one half the
cost there. 1 know it can be supplied at about
one third the cost. The price of coal, going from
the Atlantic side, and having to double the Cape
of Good Hope, or to be transported across over-
land from Aspinwall and Panama, averages from
twenty to twenty-eight dollars a ton. At Panama
there is no port; it is open; vessels have to anchor
out from a mile to three miles, or from three to
five miles, as I am told by a Senator who has
crossed there a number of tiroes; and they have
no water station; they have to go off twelve miles
to an island to get water. At this point you can
run the water into the hold of a vessel. It is the
healthiest spot from Mexico as far down as Ma-
racaibo, which is in Venezuela.
Wo must have a transit; we must have a means
of communication with our Pacific possessions.
This affords the best opportunity. The Panama
railroad, seeing the great advantages of this, have
interposed every obstacle,and spent hundreds of
thousands of dollars to manufacture a false sen-
timent in regard to it. It is time for Congress to
say whether a monopolizing company shall dic-
tate tn the two Houses, or whether we will act on
our own responsibility, and our own judgment.
The Panama Railroad Company has not capacity
to do all the business which now exists; and with
our increasing trade with the isles ot the Pacific,
with Japan, with China, it is utterly impossible
that it can be done, unless we open new routes.
We propose to open a route overland; but that is
mainly for the accommodation of the inland com-
merce. From New Yoilc to San Francisco,
freights cannot be carried overland, but they must
be carried by sea; they must have a transit over
some appropriate place. We can, from the Mis-
sissippi valley, carry on a heavy commerce with
San Francisco; but from New York to Sail Fran-
cisco nothing but light articles can ever be carried
overland.
Now, take the coal. In the item of coal you
will save a great deal, as I have an estimate, made
from official data to show. The Gulf squadron
requiied, last year, ten thousand three hundred
and fifty tons of coal. Its average cost for ten
years, at Key West, which is neaier than Aspin-
wall, has been, including landing and hauling,
fourteen dollars a ton. 1 stated that it cost twelve
dollars a ton; but here is the average for fourteen
years, and it cost fourteen dollars a ton; making
a saving' of $144,900 a year on this side for tlie
Gulf stpiadron. By the Chiriqui contract, as pro-
posed, not one pai tide of which is to be paid
unless sufficient guarantees are given, to the sat-
isfaction of the President of the. United States,
there will be an annual saving of $72,450, at half
price. On the Pacific side, at Panama, the aver-
age cost, including landing, haulm'.', &c., has
been twenty dollars a ton. It has been sometimes
as high as sixty dollars, and I think tins average
is put too low; but it having been taken from offi-
cial data, 1 am disposed to abide by it. The
quantity requned there was ten thousand six bun-
dled and fifty tons. That, at twenty dollars per
ton, amounted to £913,000 every year. If the
coal weie supplied at one half, the Government
would save each year $106,500, which being added
to the saving to the Gulf squadron at Aspinwall,
or at Chiriqui lagoon, will be §178,950 saved
every year.
Tins isnotall. A supply ship is now necessarily
kept both at Aspinwall and at Panama. These
supply ships cost $210,000 a year. We have no coal
depot, we must, therefore, have a supply ship.
We can dispense with that supply ship, under
tins contract, and save §200,000 a year more,
which will make §378,950 saved every year, mere-
ly on the price of coal and the supply of the Navy.
1 could go on to enumerate other advantages.
