212
THE COMJRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 31,
have already submitted to it. We are not talking
about what the law of Mexico was. That is all
changed and abrogated. When we took the Gads-
den purchase, which is now proposed to be made
the Territory of Arizuma, we annexed it to New
Mexico, and put it under the jurisdiction of New
Mexico. Now Mexico passed the identical law
that my friend from Mississippi says shall not
be changed; and the only question is in regard
to this phrase, in which I think my friend from
Mississippi is wrong—it shall not be changed. I
think we had better leave it as it is, subject to
the control of the people of the Territory, under
the Constitution of the United States, according
to the principles of the original bill. But to say
that we arc seeking to legislate contrary to the
original status of the people there, is a mistake.
All of that has already been changed, and wo are
now compelled to say whether we will leave the
people there free—free as the Constitution per-
mits them to be—or whether we will, by an ar-
bitrary act, make it a permanent thing or not. I
prefer not to do it. 1 prefer to leave the people
perfectly free, subject to the Constitution of the
United States. I understand that Constitution in
a certain way, and others may understand it in
another. If there is a difTcience of opinion as to
what that Constitution means, let the court decide
it. I think it has already decided it; but if there
is doubt upon that point, let them decide it again,
and let us have no quarreling. Let vshave peace.
But whether we can do that or not, let us give
territorial organization to the people, so that they
may be harmonious, homogeneous, happy, peace-
able, and prosperous.
Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, this question
■ came up on Thursday, and the Senator from Louis-
iana (Mr. Benjamin] bad the iloor. He was not
then ready to go on with Ins speech. If he is
frepared now to proceed, I will yield the floor.
do not want to have a vote taken on this prop-
osition without its being fully understood; but I
will yield to him, if he desires it.
ADMISSION OF KANSAS.
Mr. COLLAMER. Will the gentleman in-
dulge me one moment? I have no desire to inter-
rupt the gentleman from Louisiana in his speaking,
but there is a special order made for one o'clock
to-day, and I take it, under our rule, it would be
the duty of the Chair to call that up even if the
gentleman h s the iloor. That special order is
the bill for the admission of Kansas. I wish an
order taken in relation to that, so as to preserve
it in its position, before the gentleman proceeds
with his remarks, as I presume he will want to
occupy beyond that time.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I am willing that any dis-
position be made of that matter in advance, of
course.
Mr. COLLAMER. Let us make it now, before
one o'clock comes.
Mr. BJUN'JAMIN. It can be disposed of now.
I am willing to address the Senate now, oratone
o'clock.
Mr, COLLAMER. Then, sir, by common
consent, 1 desire that the special order for one
o'clock to-day—the bill for the admission of Kan-
sas—be postponed until Monday next, ami be
made the special order of the day for that day at
one o'clock. ["Very weli."] If there be no
objection, I desire to have that disposition made
of the subject.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there be no
objection, the bill will beconsideied as before, the
Senate, and the question is on postponing it until
Monday next, and making it the special order for
that day at one'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
AMENDMENTS TO TOE CONSTITUTION.
The Senate, as m Committee of the Whole, re-
sumed the consideration of the joint resolution
(S. No. 48) introduced by Mr. Johnson-, of Ten-
nessee, proposing amendments to the Constitu-
tion of the United States.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Mr. President, when I
took the floor at our last adjournment I stated
diat I expected to address the Senate to-day m
reference to the ciitical iss>ue nuw before the
country. I had supposed that by this time there
would have been some official communication to
the Senate in reference to the fact now known to
j&H of the condition of affairs in South Carolina.
I will assise, for the purposes of the remarks
that I hfxjK to make, that those facts have been
officiallycommumcated, and address myself to
them.^ind, Mr. President, probably neverhasa
deliberative assembly been called upon to determ-
ine a question calculated to awaken a more sol-
emn sense of responsibility than those that now
address themselves to our consideration. We
are brought at last, sir, directly forced, to meet
promptly an issue produced by an irresistible
course of events whose inevitable results some of
us, at least, have foreseen for years. Nor, sir,
have we failed in our duty of warning the Repub-
licans that they were fast driving us to a point
where the very instincts of self-preservation would
impose upon us the certain necessity of separa-
tion. Wc repeated those warnings with a depth
of conviction, with an earnestness of assertion
that mspiied the hope that we should succeed in
imparting at least some faint assurance of our
sincerity to those by whose aid alone could the
crisis be averted. But, sir, our assertions were
derided; our predictions were scoftcd at; all our
honest and patriotic efforts to save the Constitu-
tion and the (Jnion sneered at and maligned, as
dictated, not by love of country, but by base am-
bition for place and power.
Mr. President, it has been justly said that this
is no time for crimination; and, .sir, it is in no
such spirit, but with the simple desire to free my-
self personally, as a public servant, from all re-
sponsibility for the present condition of affairs,
that I desire to recall to the Senate some remarks
made by me in debate more than four yearsa^o,
m which I predicted the precise state of public
feeling now, and pointed out the two principal
causes that were certain to produce that state.
The first was the incessant attack of the Repub-
licans, not simply on the interests, but on the
feelings and sensibilities of a high-spirited people
by the most insulting language, and the most of-
fensive epithets; (lie other was their fatal success
in persuading their followeis that these constant
aggressions could be continued and Kept up with
no danger; that the South was too weak and too
conscious of weakness to dare resistance. Sir, on
the 2d of May, 18o(>, after reviewing this subject
at some length, I said:
" Now, Mi. Ptesidont, when we «oe these two mteicsts
contracted—the Noith suuggtmg lot the possession of a
power to winch she ha:, no legitimate claim muter tho Con-
stitution. foi the solo purpose; of abusing that power—the
South struegluu'foi [iropeity, honor, safety—all thai isdear
to m.m—tell me it' the hiMoiy *>t the world exhibits an ex-
am phi of n people occupying a more ennohiinjr attitude than
the people ot the South ? To vituperation they oppose
calm ic.tson To menaces and thieats ot violence, and
insulting assumption* of superionty, they dis-dum reply.
To direct attacks on then ughf* or their lienor, they appeal
to the giiai autces of the Constitution; and when those guar-
antees shall fail, and not till then, will the iniiued, on tinged
Sou til tin ow her bwoid into the scale of benight*, arid ap-
peal to the Cod of battles to do hci justice. I say her
swotd, because I am not one ot those who believe in the
possibility ol a peaceful <1im option of the I'mon. itcan
not come until all possible means of conciliation have been
exhausted ; it cannot come until eveiy angiy pa-Mon .-hall
ha\ c been lou-ed ; it cannot come until hiotherlv feeling
shall have been convened info deadiv hate ; and then. *ir,
with tei'lnms euibnteicd l>\ tue coti-eiousne-s ot injustice,
or pas-ion* hmh-wi ought atuLnllamed,dieculful will be the
inlet uceine w.n that must cn-u'1.
"Mi. Pieswlent, ainoriL' what I consider to be the nio*t
pionnnent danL'cis that now e\i-t, is the tact that the lead-
ers ot tne Republican paitv at the North have succeeded
m peisnadnii? the masses ot the Notih that liicie i< nodan-
gei. They have finally so uiought upon the opinion of
their own people at home by the constant iteration ol the
same ia'se statement*, and the same f.il«e prm< iples, that
the people of the. North cannot be made to belie\ e that the
South is in earnest, notwithstanding its calm and icsolute
determination which pioduces the (juiet '•o ominous of evil
it ever the elouds shall htiift. The people oi til" Noith ate
tauaht to laugh at the dangei ot dissolution. One iionoi-
able Senator i* repoited to have said, with exquisite amen-
ltv, that the South could not be kicked out of the Union.
The honorable Senntot tioiii New Yoik -ax*:
" k The slaveholder, in spite of all their threats ate hound
to it by the same bonds, and thev aie bound to it also by a
bond pcrulLirl't then own — (hatoj depen-leiu-eon it jur then
own safety. Three million slates urc a hostile junc r>)n-
stanth) in their pi escnre, in their very inkht. The se-vile
war is always the most tccuiul tuna of wai. The world
without sympathize* u ith 11ip servile enemy Against lhar
wni the Amencan 1,411011 1* the only detense ol the s>iave-
holdets—then o;i/i/protection. If e\ei the) shall, in a sea-
son of madne^, ic< ede from that tTiuon, and provoke that
wai. they will—-oo:i come back asiutn.'
k£The"honoiable Senator fioni .Ma-^acinwett* [Mi. Wil-
son] indulges in the icpetuion of ahguie of rhetoiie that,
u'cim peeuhaily to pica*" lw* >-at and tickle bis laney. He
lepresents the southern mothei as ela*ping her infant with
convulsive and closer embrace, because the black avenger,
with uplifted dagger, would be at the door, and he tells us
that is a bond of Union which we dare not violate."
Mr. President, no man can deny that the words
uttered four years and a half ago form a faithful
picture of the state of things that we see around
us now. Would to God, sir, that I could believe
that the apprehensions of civil war, then plainly
expressed, were but the vain imaginations of a
timorous spirit. Alas, sir, the feelings and sen-
timents expressed since the commencement of this
session, 011 the opposite side of this floor, almost
force the belief that a civil war is their desire;
and that the day is full near when American citi-
zens are to meet each other in .hostile array; and
when the hands of brothers yfll be reddened with
the blood of brothers. y
Mr. President, the State of South Carolina, with
a unanimity scarcely with parallel in history, has
dissolved the union which connects her with the
other States of the confederacy, and declared her-
self independent. We, the representatives of
those remaining States, stand here to-day, bound
cither to recognize that independence, or to over-
throw it; either to permit her peaceful secession
from the confederacy, or to put her down by force
of arms. That is the issue. . That is the sole
issue. ]NTo artifice can conceal 1J. No attempts
by men to disguise it from their own consciences,
and from an cxcitcd 01* alarmed public, can suffice
to conceal'it, Those attempts are equally futile
and disingenuous. As for the attempted distinc-
tion between coercing a State, and forcing all the
people of the State, by arms, to yield obedience
to an authority repudiated by the sovereign will of
the State, expressed in its most authentic form,
it is as unsound in pnnciple as it is impossible of
practical application. Upon that point, however,
I shall have something to say a little further on.
If wc elevate ourselves, Mr. President, to the
height from which we are bound to look in order
to embrace all the vast consequence that must
result from our decision, we are not permitted to
ignore the fact that our determination does not
involve the State of South Carolina alone. JNext
week, Mississippi, Alabama, and Florida, will
have declared themselves independent; the week
after, Georgia; and a little later, Louisiana; soon,
very soon, to be followed by Texas and Arkan-
sas. I confine myself purposely to these eight
States, because I wish to speak only of those
whose action wc know with positive certainty,
and which no man can for n moment pretend to
controvert. I designedly exclude others, about
whose action I feel equally confident, although
otheis may raise a cavil.
.Now, sir, shall we recognize the fact that South
Carolina has become an independent State, or
shall we wage war against her? And first as to
her right. I do not agiee with those who think
it idle to discuss that right. In a great crisis like
this, when the right asserted by a sovereign State
is questioned, a decent respect for the opinions of
mankind at least requires that those who main-
tain that right, and mean to act upon it, should
state the reasons upon which they maintain it. If,
in the discussion of this question, I shall refer to
familiar principles, it is not that I deem it at all
necessary to call the attention of members here
to them; but because they naturally fall within
the scope of my argument, which might other-
wise prove unintelligible.
From the time that this people declared its in-
dependence of Great Britain, the right of the peo-
ple to self-government in its fullest and broadest
extent has been a cardinal principle of Ameiican
liberty. None deny it. And in that right, to
use the language of tlx1 Declaration itself, is in-
cluded the ught whenever a form of government
becomes destructive of their interests or their
safety, " to alter or to abolish it, and to institute
a new government, laying its foundation 011 such
principles and organizing its powers m such form
as to them shall seem most likely to effect their
safety and happiness." I admit that there is a
principle that modifies this power, to which I shall
presently advert; but leaving that principle for a
moment out of view, I say that there is no other
modification which, consistently with our liberty,
we can admit, and that the right of the people of
one generation, in convention duly assembled, to
alter the institutions bequeathed by their fathers
is inherent, inalienable, not susceptible of restric-
tion; that by the same power under which one
Legislature can repeal the act of a former Legisla-
ture, so can one convention of the people duly as-
sembled, repeal the acts of a former convention
