1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Here are five thousand acres of land, studded with
the finest ship-building timber in the world, to refit
your vessels when sudden squalls and storms,
which spring up so frequently in the Caribbean
sea, carry off your masts, and render it necessary
to have some harbor of refuge and some means
of repair. Here, you can go ill and get all the
timber you want, of the finest quality, as certified
to by this same examining commission.
Nor is that all. There is a supply of fresh wa-
ter; there is a healthy climate; a supply of coal,
one year saving more than the whole cost of this
contract. Why should we throw it away ? Why
should we miss the opportunity to avail ourselves
of this great transit route, and this important key
to the Gulf arid the Caribbean sea? Who is to
iiave the advantage of the command of the Gulf
and of the Caribbean sea? We want it for the
United States. Our proximity, our interests,and
our necessities demand it of us; and there is 110
other port to be compared to it anywhere 111 that
vicinity.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I ask the Senator if it is
any more important than the port of New Or-
leans?
Mr. GREEN. 1 will answer: it is. The port
of New Orleans is inland, and vessels cannot get
up unless they are towed up. When a squall
strikes a steamer, or strikes a merchant vessel and
dismantles her, she cannot get to New Orleans to
be repaired until she is towed up; but in this har-
bor, they can run in with jury-masts, without any
difficulty whatever. There is no harbor at New
Orleans at all; it is on the river, many miles in-
tenor; and hence, this is much more important.
Again: a question has been raised here that the
supreme court of New Granada has annulled the
grant. I want to explain this to the satisfaction
of the Senate. The supreme court of New Gra-
nada has done no such thing. I will tell you what
the supreme court of New Granada did of its
own motion, not 111 pursuance of the constitution
of 1853, which I have studied thoroughly. The
constitution of 1853 says that whenever any law
of Congress or of any of the provinces—for these
grants all emanated from the ptovmces'—shall be j
alleged to be unconstitutional by the attorney j
general, and the case shall be submitted to the
court, the court shall passjudgmcnt, whetheritbe
unconstitutional or not. No such thing took place
in this case; but the Panama Railroad Company
alleged, not that it was unconstitutional, but that
it conflicted with their grant, and thus they as-
sumed jurisdiction ; and decided—whatr That the
grant was null and void ? No. That we had not
the right to this coal? No. That this company
had not the right to these lands? No. What,
then, did they decidc? Do not forget the point
they did decide. When they decided it. it was
coram noli judice, without any authority; but as-
suming it to be a valid decision, it simply said,
you have 110 right to make a railroad. Now, I will
explain that point. When authority was given
to make a road under the Panama grant, there was !
a clause which said that within the Isthmus of I
Panama there should never be another lailroad I
authorized " from sea to sea." The Isthmus of j
Panama extends only to the bay of Panama, and 1
the curve which it forms. This being two hun- ,
dred miles beyond it, being the Chmqui Isthmus, ;
not the Panama Isthmus, it is not included in nor 1
prohibited by the clause 111 the Panama grant.
But a step beyond that: the Panama grant is that
no one else shall make a railroad " from sea. to
sea." This does not go from sea to sea within
the territory of New Granada. The northeastern
terminus at the Chmqui lagoon is supposed to be
in Panama; but Goltito, which is the httle gulf
fonned out of the Golfo Dolce, is 111 Costa Rica.
The proprietorship from sea to sea, a part in New
Granada, and the other part in Costa Rica, be-j
longs to these proprietors; and hence, as mere |
proprietors, without asking any grant, they can ;
make it. But, besides all that, Costa Rica has, j
by solemn treaty and contract, agreed and per-1
mitted them to make this road; and hence that1
portion of it, which is only about thirty miles,
that runs through the territory of New Granada,
does not conflict with the treaty in two senses;
first, the treaty of New Granada and the contract
with the Panama company confine it to the Isth-
mus of Panama; this is a different isthmus; but
even if I were wrong 111 that, though every geog-
rapher, every gazetteer, every historian, and I
have read them all, from 1595 down, from Guz-
man, the first one that ever crossed the Isthmus,
proves that the Isthmus of Panama is confined to
the curve of the bay, and this is two hundred
miles from it; but the second reason why it does
not apply here is, that this is not a road from sea
to sea; it is only thirty miles in the Territory of
New Granada, and the rest is in Costa Rica; and
Costa Rica has, by contract, agreed to the making
of the road.
Another question has been raised—and I want
to meet all these questions, and if I am wrong on
a single one of them, I want to give the whole
history. It is said that New Granada stipulated
in the contract that this grant should never be
conveyed to a foreign Government. That ques-
tion has been fully examined and fully answered.
The sovereignty cannot be conveyed; the propri-
etorship may be. The ownership may be con-
veyed, but the sovereignty cannot be; and the Uni-
ted States, if you accept this contract, will have no
sovereignty there, but will have ownership, own-
ership by the consent of the Government there,
proprietorship under the contract which does not
conflict with any law of that Republic; just such
proprietorship and ownership as you have at Spez-
zia and other parts of the world, where you have
naval stations and coal depots.
This transit route will be an aid, an advantage
even to the Panama Railroad Company, notwith-
standing all the prejudices which they have, as
they conceive their interests to be attacked, as
they supposed their exorbitant charges will be di-
minished by the competition. They are mistaken.
It will superinduce such an increase of commerce
from the to tlle Pac'fic> and fr,>m .'h"
Pacific to the Atlantic, as will more than reim-
burse both of them. Now, take the advant-
ages arising from your coal saving $378,000 every
year; take the advantages of having your naval
station where your vessels can be protected with-
out comine home a thousand miles for repairs;
take into consideration the advantages of having
good fresh water in a healthy climate supplied
whenever desired; take the advantage of jiaving
timber for lepairs; and then take the other advant-
ages arising out of the transit; and above all and
beyond all, the relations which we sustain to our
Pacific coast, and the necessity of having a mode
of communication whereby heavy freights can be
carried. We have propositions before us now to
carry the mails from the Atlantic to thePacific;
and you will observe that in every one of them it
is proposed that the heavy mail matter is to go by
sea. Now, if your heavy mail matter is to go by
sea, your heavy commerce must go by sea. Your
light freights, and your passengers, and your light
mails, may go inland; your heavy freights must
go by sea; and to^ic commercial and ship-build-
ing interests it is of incalculable importance. I
suppose, therefore, it interests every one living
along the coast, who cannot enjoy the benefits of
oveiland transit like St. Louis can. We can enjoy
that; we are nearly halfway to the Pacific; but
those living 011 the border here must have a transit
over one of these isthmuses; either the Isthmus of
Tehuantepec, or San Juan, or Chiriqui, or Pana-
ma, or the Atrato. There is no other possible
way to get over. The Atrato canal is considered
by some as exceedingly doubtful. 1 he Panama
railroad is a fixed icality. The Chiriqui route is
known by actual survey made by your own offi-
cers to be the best of all; owing to its advanta-
geous harbors, its health, and the facility with
which you can be supplied with coal and ship-
building timber. You cannot make use of the
San Juan route; you cannot make even slackwater
navigation without at least thirty locks; you can-
not make a harbor at San Juan. So when you
come to the Tehuantepec route, insuperable diffi-
culties are there all the way.
Shall we, then, give up these commercial pros-
pects, and this, independent of all these actual
material benefits springing out of the supply of
coal, ship umber, and commercial privileges, as
well as a naval depot? Shall we give them up
when we save more in one year than the whole
contract costs? 1 leave the question to the Sen-
ate.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Mr. President,
I have listened to the argument of the Senator
from Missouri, and I have considered the ques-
tion how 1 should cast my vote until I have been
not a httle embarrassed. I know that the Sen-
ator's sympathies are very strong. He makes
an argument to urge that this Government shall
take the only route that is practicable for the con-
trol of commerce, or for the facilitation of com-
merce, besides that now used. 1 do not know
that I care to have this Government take posses-
sion of it. I am not certain that it is best-that •
this Government should touch it. Perhaps ibther
governments might be allowed an opportunity f 
come in, and in the rivalry that would exist there,
and that ought, properly, perhaps, to eijust, for
the promotion of the interests of commerce, it
might be to our advantage.
The Senator, as it strikes me, presents it sim-
ply as a matter that is du& to New England and
the northern States. This is the more peculiar,
when I know that he himself represents a State
tiiat. considers itself, as far as transit across the
continent is concerned, the peculiar State to which
belongs alt the transit that shall be made. I think
his course is one of the most unselfish I have ever
seen. It is unselfish to the extentof the sacrifice
of his own patriotism, I am afraid, because it is
my impression that, after a few years more, he
will not be found to belong to this Republic which
he claims shall, by the vote that is to be given to-
day, achieve and secure to itself all the routes"of
commerce across the continent.
I do not know how to vote. With all the ad-
vantages he has presented, it must be palpable
that, if these States should all continue together
as one country, it is our duty to secure for this
Government, as against all other Governments,
one of these routes, particularly when there are
but two of any great consequence; and especially
when by securing this and putting-it in operation
for the interests of commerce, there may be a
rivalry between the two, so that there will not be
heavy burdens placed upon commerce. . I do not
know how to vote. I am in doubt, for I feel my-
self to be somewhat in a state of transition. It
may be that I belong here, or it may be that I do
not. I do not know where I belong. [Laughter.]
Who is there here that does know? While I am
connected with this Government I am disposed to
discharge, honorably and faithfully, every obliga-
tion. \Vhile I am disposed to do so, I do not
know that I shall travel beyond that just line
which might allow me to act liberally to all the
rest of the world; and 1 may be soon found within
the limits of those who are ranked among the res-
idue of the world.
The argument of the Senator from Missouri is
most excellent. It is not only most excellent, but
it is most unselfish. It is more so, since Missouri
would receive all the benefits of a direct transit if
an extraordinary state of burdens should be im-
posed on the transit across the Isthmus, driving,
necessarily, everything through the limits of Mis-
souri. Then, I do not know but what the Sena-
tor lias made one of the best speeches I ever heard
directly against his own people. I know that, in
doing so, it has never occurred to him that self-
ishness should constitute a part of the merits or
demerits of his argument.
This is a strange state of things, in regard to
the whole of this Chiriqui contract that is pre-
sented here, and which, I believe, has been uni-
formly voted down by the northern section of the
country. I am under the impression that the
South ought now to cease to press this, and leave
it to what may become their own ultimate fate,
and leave it separate and apart; for they may be
separated from the rest of the country, and there
should be left an opening for them when they be-
come a separate Government. I am not satisfied
how I ought to vote. The Senator speaks of.in-.
terests 111 this matter that are certainly of the high-,
est importance. I know also that it may be that
he is deluded m regard to the whole of i t, and that
there may be a cost about it which it is not just
for us to encounter, but possibly may be right.
Perhaps it may be that at a future day, and that
not very far distant, I may be among those who
would prefer that it had not been taken up by the
other side. I am rather inclined to think that the
Chiriqui amendment had better be laid over to a
future Congress, when we can know what are our
just relations—1 ought to say, our true relations;
for, as to justice, I do not believe that is to enter
into the elements at all that will settle thern. I
cannot tell what I ought to do on this matter, and
I know I look at it with an earnest wish to vote
as I ought to vote. I do not want to open any
