1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
21#
my property, and to be there secured by your
laws against Us loss." You say, no, she has not.
Wow there is this to bo said: that right is not put
clown in the Constitution in quite so clear terms
as the right to have two Senators; bunt is aright
which she asserts with the concurrent opinion of
the entire South. It is a right which she asserts
with the concurrent opinion of one third or two
fifths of your own people interested in refusing
it. It is a right, that she asserts, at all events, if
not in accordance with the decision—as you may
say no decision was rendered—in accordance with
the opinion expressed by the Supreme Court of
the united States; but yet there is no tribunal
for the assertion of that political right. Is she
without a remedy under the Constitution? If
not, then what tribunal? If none is provided,
then natural law and the law of nations teli you
that she and she alone, from the very necessity of
the case, must be the judge of the infraction and
of the mode and measure of redress.
This is no novel doctrine; but it is as old as
the law of nations, coeval in our system with the
foundationof the Constitution; clearly announced
over and over again in our political history. A
very valued friend from New York did me the
favor to send me an extract, which he has.writ-
ten out, from an address delivered by John GFuincy
Adams before the New York Historical Society
in 1839, at the jubilee of the Constitution. His
language is this:
"Nations acknowledge no judge between them upon
earth, and their Governments, fiom necessity, must, in
their intercourse with each other, decide when theiaiiure
of one party to a contract to perform its obligations absolves
the othei from the rceipiocal fulfillment of his own. P ut
this last of earthly powers is not necessary to the fteedom
or independence of States, connected together by thy im-
mediate action of the people, of whom they consist. To
the people alone is theie leseived. as well the dissolving
as the constituent power, and that power can h'i exercised
by them only under the tie of conscience, binding them to
the retributive justice of heaven.
"With these qualifications, we may admit the same
right as vested in the people of every folate m the l:iuo.i,
with reference to the Gcneial Government, which wun ex-
ercised by the people of the United Colonies with refeicnce
to the supreme head of the Butish Elliptic, of which they
formed a part; and, under these limitations, have the peo
pie of each State in the Union a right to secede from the
confedeiated Union itself?
"Thus stands the right. But the indissoluble link of
union between the people of the seveial States ot this.con-
federated nation is, after all, not in the light, but in the
heart. If the day should ever come (may Heaven avoir it!;
when the affections of the people of these Statey shall be
alienated from each other;'when the fraternal spirit shall
give way to cold indifference, or collisions of mteio&t shall
fester into hatred, the bands o! political association will
not long hold together parties no longer attracted by the
magnetism of conciliated interests and kindly sympathies;
and far better will H be for the people of the disunited States
to part in friendship fiom each othei, than to be held to-
gether by constuunt Then will he the time for reveiting to
the pteeedent, which occurred at the formation and adop
tion of the Constitution, to form again a more peifect
Union, by dissolving that which could no longer bind, and
to leave the ^epaiated parts to be reunited by the law of
political gravitation, to the ceiitei.5'
I am compelled to refer also, for the purpose of
completing my argument, to the very familiar Vir-
ginia and Kentucky resolutions. They cannot,
however, be too often repeated or held too rever-
ently in memory. The first, drawn by Mr. Jef-
ferson, is:
" Resolved, That the several States composing the United
States of Amcnca are not united on the piinciple of un-
limited submission to their Genetai Government; but fli.it,
by compact, under the stjle and title ot a Constitution foi
the United States, and of amendment* thcieto, they con-
stituted a Geneial Government tor special puiposes, dele-
gated to thatGoveimnenteeitam definite powers, reserving
each State to itself the tesiduary mass of light to their own
self-government; and that whensoever the General Govern-
ment assumes undelegated powers its acts are unauthori-
tative, void, and of no forcc; that to this compact each
State acceded as a State, and is an integral party; that this
Government, created by this compact., was not made the
exclusive or final judge of the extent of the powers dele-
gated to itself, since that would have made its discretion,
and not the Constitution, the measuie of it< power; but
that, as m all other cases of compact among parties having
no common judge, each party has an equal right to judge
for itself as well of infractions as of the mode and measuie
of redress."
These resolutions of Virginia were submitted
to all the States. They were commented upon;
they were answered generally with contempt and
disdain, because the people of the northern States
never seem to have comprehended that the States
had any rights at all. They have always gone
astray in the heresy that this was one consol-
idated Government," governing subjects to the
Federal Government, and not controlling States,
and individuals in the States. These resolutions
were returned in many cases with terms of con-
tempt and contumely. They were, therefore, re-
ferred to Mr. Madison for further consideration
and defense, and he produced upon that subject
the best considered, the most perfect, the most
compact argument upon the constitutional rights
of the States of this Union, that has ever been de-
livered. It has never been answered to this day
m any of its positions. No ma*i can answer it.
The proof is such that conviction is forced home
upon the mind as by the enunciation of an axiom.
A single passage 1 desire to quote. It has been
often quoted, but I must read it again:
"It appears to your committee to be a plain principle,
founded iri common sense, illustrated by common practice,
and essential to the nature of compacts, that, where resoit
can be had to no tnbunal superior to the authoiity of the
paittes, the parties themselves must be the rightful judges -
in the last res„rt, whether the bargain made lias been pur-
sued or violated. The Constitution of the United States
was formed by the sanction of the States, given by each
in us sovereign capacity. It adds to the stabilitv a .id dig-
nity, a* well as to the authontv, of the Constitution, that
it rests on this legitimate and sohd foundation. Tin* States,
then, being the patties to the constitutional compact, and
in their sovereign capacity, it follows, of necessity, that
there can be no tribunal, above their authority, to decide,
in the last resoit, whether the compact made* by them be
violated , and consequently, that, as the parties"to it, they
mu-t themselves decide, in the last tesort, such questions
as may be of sufficient magnitude to require their interpo-
sition."
He goes on to state, not limitations upon' the
power, but considerations in regard to the mode
of exercising it. He says:
"The resolution has, accordingly, guarded against any
mis-appiehen«ion of its object, by expressly lequiring, for
suMi an niter position,' the case of a deliberate, palpable,
and dangoiou> breach of the Constitution, by the cxeicise
ot poweis not gmntcd by it.' It must be a case not of light
and transient nature, but of a natuie dangerous to the great
purposes ior which the Constitution was established."
Mi*. Madison, in the debates in the Virginia
convention, seemed to takeit for granted tbatany
State had a right to secede at any time, without
any condition or limitation. His later, well-con-
sidered report, qualifies that doctrine, as I have
just shown; but at the time the debates occurred
in the Virginia convention about adopting the
Constitution, it was taken for gran ted on all sides
that Virginia could withdraw whenever she
pleased; nobody seems to have disputed that.
After defending the grant of power in relation to
the militia, Mr. Madison said:
4< An observation fell fiom a gentleman on the same side
with myself, which desctves to be attended to. If wc bo
dissatisfied with the National Government, if wc should
choose to renounce it, this is an additional sat'eguaidto our
defense.'""—Eiliofs Debates^ vol. «"i, p. 414.
Apparently taking it for granted that any State
could renounce it when it pleased, and that the
militia would already be oiganized as a safeguard
for its defense. I do not state this as any partic-
ularly pertinent authority, but to show the im-
pressions that generally prevailed at the time of
the adoption of the Constitution; but when the
question was subsequently discussed in I798and
1799, upon the alien and sedition laws, not only
did Mr. Madison make this report, but I have a
reference here to a letter of Mr. Jefferson, which
I have not on the table, and which I will annex
to my speech when printed, showing that he de-
liberately examined this whole question, and came
to the same conclusion.
But, Mr. President, the President of the United
States tells us that he does not admit this right to
bo constitutional; that it is revolutionary, I have
endeavored thus far to show that it results from
the nature of the compact itseif; that it must ne-
cessarily be one of those reserved powers which
was not abandoned by it, and therefore grows out
of the Constitution, and is not in violation of it.
If I am asked how I will distinguish this from
involutional y abuse, the answer is prompt and
easy. These States, parties to the compact, have
a light to withdraw from it, by virtue of its own
provisions, when those provisions are violated by
the other parties to the compact, when cither
powers not granted are usurped, or rights arc re-
fused that are especially granted to the States.
But, sir, there is a large class of powers granted
by this Constitution, in the exercise of which u
discretion is vested m the General Government,
and, in the exercise of that discretion, these ad-
mitted powers might be so perverted and abused
as to give cause of complaint, and finally, to give
the .right to revolution; for under those circum-
stances there would be no other remedy. Now,
taking again the supposition of adominantuorth-
ern majority in both branches, and of aseetional
President and Vice President, the Congress tif the
United States then, in the exercise of its admitt£!i
powers, and the President to back them, could
spend the entire revenue of the Confederation in
that section which had control, without violating
the words or the letter of the Constitution; they
could establish forts, light-houses, arsenals, mag-
azines, and all public buildings of every character
in the northern States alone, and utterly refuse
any to the South. The President, with the aid of
his sectional Senate,.could appoint all officers of
the Navy and of the Armjr, aU the civil officers
of the Government, all the judges, attorneys, and
marshals, all collectors and revenue officers, all
postmasters—the whole host of public officers he
might, under the forms and powers vested by the
Constitution, appoint exclusively from the north-
ern States, and quarter them in the southern States,
to eat out the substance of our people, and as-
sume an insulting superiority over them. All
that might be done in the exercise of admitted
constitutional power; and it is just that train of
evils, of outrages, of wrongs, of oppressions long
continued, that the Declaration of Independence
says a people preserves the inherent right of
throwing off by destroying their government by
revolution. I say, therefore, that I distinguish
the rights of the States under the Constitution
into two classcs: one resulting from the nature of
their bargain; if the bargain is broken by the sis-
ter States, to consider themselves freed from it on
the ground of breach of compact; if the bargain
be not broken, but the powers be perverted to
theirwrong and their oppression, then,whenever
that wrong and oppression shall become suffi-
ciently aggravated, the revolutionary right—the
last inherent right of man to preserve freedom,
property, and safety—arises, and must be exer-
cised, for none other will meet the case.
But, Mr. President, suppose South Carolina to
be altogetherwrong in heropinion that this com-
pact has been violated to her prejudice; and that
she has, therefore, a right to withdraw; take
that for granted: what then ? You still have the
same issue to meet face to face. You must per-
mit her to withdraw in peace, or you must de-
clare war. That is, you must coerce the State
itself, or you must permit her to depart in peace.
There is nothing whatever that can render for an
instant tenable the attempted distinction between
coercing a State itself, and cocrcing all the indi-
viduals in the manner now proposed. Let me
read a few linos upon that subject. First, Vattel,
in speaking of States, and of their rights, and
the rights of their citizens, uses this language;
<{ Eveiy nation that governs itself, under what form so.
ever, without dependence on any foreign Power, is <i sov-
ereign Slate. Its rights are naturally the same as those of
any other totate. Such are the moral persons who live to-
gether in a natural society, subject to the law of nations.
To give a nation a right to make an immediate figure in
this giand society, it is sufficient that it be really sovereign
and lmhpendent; that is, that it govern itself by its own
authority ami laws."
Then, he speaks of those qualifications that
may exist in relation to this sovereignty; and he
says:
"Several sovereign and independent States may units
themselves together by a peipetual confederacy, without,
ceasing to be, each individually, a perfect State. They will
together constitute a fedetal republic: their joint delib-
erations will not impair the sovereignty of each member,
though they may, in certain respect^, put some restiaiiiton
the e\eicisc of it, in vntuo of voluntary engagements. A
person docs not cease to be free and independent when he
is obliged to fulfill engagement* which he has voluntarily
coiinacted.''—VatUl'.\ Lav of JSTutions, book 1, chap. I.
Here, then, we see that, under the law of na-
tions, the State of South Carolina is a sovereign
State, independently of all considerations drawn
from the language of the Constitution itself, and
as such is entitled to he treated, and as such has
a right to protect and shield her citizcns from all
the consequences of obedience to her acts. The
honorable Senator from Illinois [Mr..Trumbull]
put to my friend from Virginia [Mr. Mason] the
question what rebellion was, and put it with a
triumphant air, as if he supposed that in case of
rebellion the laws of war did not apply; that then
it was a mere question of hanging traitors; that
there could be no independence of. the State of
South Carolina, but a mere rebellion of the body
of its citizens. Suppose it to be so; what does the
law of nations say in that very case ?
u When a party is formed in a State who no longer obey
the sovereign, and arc possessed of sufficient strength to
