ms
HE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 25,
caption", fits'stated by the Senator from Maryland,
of tHe purchase of lire-arms.
Mr, PEARCE. I do not desire to havo that
part of it repealed. I think we ongbt not to allow
the Secretary of War to buy patented arms at his
pleasure* Such a power may be a prolific source
of mischief. - I think, when there is a proposition
to dtfebdrsefet large sum of money for the purchase
of pkte^ted. full discretion to the Secre-
tary qflWi&x giyes.'an!opportunity of indulging
favoritism* of malring fine jobs to importuning
friends whom tfteDepartmentis disposed to oblige,
wliose pockets they are disposed to fill. I think,
^heftevei* there is a large expenditure of this sort
to be made, Congress should act upon it; they
ought to know what kind of arm it is; they ought
to have it thoroughly tested; and they should de-
termine upon their own sense of the fitness of the
thing, whether the money should be applied to
the purchase, I will not consent to give it to the
Secretary of War. We have had Secretaries, and
may have them again, whose personal partialities
may be stronger than their judgments, and who
may think more of advancing the interests of in-
dividuals than of benefiting the military service
of the country. I want to keep a check in Con-
gress upon that thing, and let the responsibility
rest upon that body for all expenditures of this
kind.
Mr. RICE. This matter was discussed in the
Committee on Military Affairs; and there was
one point which struck me as conclusive upon it.
It was this: that amendment which passed at the
last session lessened the customers for the pur-
chase of these arms; theprice fell; and they were
all purchased up by the southern States at re-
duced prices. Whereas, had that amendmontnot
been adopted, the result would have been differ-
ent. I do not say there was any intention in it;
I merely say that was the effect. Those gentle-
men who had large quantities of patented arms
on hand, losing the Government, as they thought,
for a customer, and believing they had lost the
prospcct of its ever being a customer, sold those
arms at very low prices.
Mr. LANE, i do not think that is a just view
of this matter at all; nor do I believe that has been
the effect of it, either; and 1 do not believe that
any considerable number of arms has been pur-
chased by any State that the Government would
have purchased at all. It is the duty of the
Government always to have a regulation arm—
something adopted by the Government, by the
Secretary of War, by a board of officers, or by
ordinance; such a one as shall be uniform; such
a one as shall be a ^ood weapon, a good arm in
the service. I believe it is important that we
should restrict the powers of the Secrotary of
War in the exercise of his will nnd pleasure in the
purchase of weapons, just as they may suit his
taste, or to oblige his friends, as may have been
done for what I know. I think the Senator from
Maryland is clearly right in relation to this mat-
ter. The purpose of the Committee on Military
Affaire, as I understand it, was, that the law
should be repealed so far as related to the pur-
chase of any patented arm necessary for the ser-
vice, and not to enable him to adopt a weapon to
be used by any arm of the service, for they should
olways be uniform. If it is agreed that a rifle shall
be made of a certain character, every rifle in the
rifle corps should be of that description; and so
with the musket, and with every other weapon
used in the service. And no Secretary should be
allowed to exercise his j idgmentiu the purchase
of different patented weapons, to be used promis-
cuously in any corps of the service, cither of the
Army or of the Navy. But, sir, 1 am m favor of
repealing that law so far as to leave it with the
Secretary of War and the Secretary of the Navy,
as the committee agreed, to purchase any patented
article that may be necessary for the Government.
For instance, we had under consideration, at the
same time, a dovetailing machine. The Secretary
of the Navy would not purchase that machine,
because of this law standing m the way, and there-
fore the necessity of repealing it. But I would
never desire to enable him to piuvluis^ a certain
number of weapons of one patent, and a certain
number of another patent, and another.
Mr. GRIMES. What was that dovetailing
machine?
Mr. LANE. It was a machine to be used for
dovetailing, in manufacturing ammunition boxes,
and other things necessary for the service, and I
think a very good improvement; and I believe the
Secretary of War ought to be permitted to pur-
chase it.
Mr. RICE. Will the Senator allow me to ask
him a question?
Mr. LANE. I do not want to discuss the ques-
tion; but certainly I give way if the Senator de-
sires to make an inquiry.
Mr.RICE. It is this: If thisamendmentshall
be adopted, can the Secretary of War purchase
any arms without an appropriation ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. There is an appropria-
tion.
Mr. RICE. But has any judicious Secretary
of War ever purchased an arm without calling
in a board to examine it, and having that beard
report upon it ? We know not how soon an emer-
gency may arise in which it may be necessary
for Him to do the very thing again; and unless
this amendment be voted, he will be precluded.
Mr. LANE. I do not wish to discuss the mat-
ter. 1 only say to my friend that the honesty or
dishonesty of Secretaries of the Army or Navy
is not a question to be considered on this amend-
ment; but I think the Senate should always re-
strict. the Secretary; give him appropriations to
be used in the manufacture of articles that will be
of use, and particularly weapons that will be
useful and uniform, and«such as shall be adapted
to the scrvice by a board.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I will say to
the Senator from Oregon that I do not understand
this talk in regard to the honesty of Secretaries.
This seems to mc to go out with a sort of impres-
sion that there is something of that kind, without
its being asserted, without there being anything
definite. What is the meaning of it? If there
is anything of that kind it ought to be avowed,
or else this theater should not be one from which
any slander should go forth.
Mr. LANE. 1 am sure that no Senator on this
floor ever heard me say one word in the way of
impeaching the honesty or character or reputation
of any officer of this Government.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. That is so.
Mr. LANE. Nor do I believe we have had
such. I only said it was not my purpose now to
discuss the honesty or integrity of the Secretaries
that we have had, or may have, but that it was
ourdnty to guard the appropriations, and to keep
him always within the appropriations; and, in
purchasing arms, to require him to purchase such,
and such only, as had been adopted by an ord-
nance board, after testing and trying, and know-
ing that they were a fit arm to be used in the ser-
vice; and that they should be uniform, and that
every company armed with that weapon should
have it alike. I will say to my fiiendfrom Ark-
ansas, that I disclaim any imputation upon the
honesty of anybody. I do not know that we have
ever had a dishonest man at the head of our De-
partments; certainly, it is not for me to say so;
out I say we should be careful in making appro-
priations, and leaving power in the hands of any
man that might abuse it, and mix up the arms in
the service in such a way that they would not be
useful. That was mypurpose,and my only pur-
pose.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I would state
to the Senate now, before we take a vote on this
or any other matter, that, while I have no idea
that there is a single Senator here who will vote
upon the amendment before us other than pre-
cisely according to his conviction of right, correct,
wise, and good policy, I am satisfied that we are
now far in advance of the public business as it
usually is at this period of the session, much to
the merit of the Committee on Finance. If they
hasten their business through, and get it out of
the way, and conclude and complete it, they will
have brought down, not only upon this body a
shower of business which cannot beaccomplished,
but a shower of sorrow upon that Treasury which
is so hard run. Therefore, that we may mete out
the completion of a perfect state of equality be-
tween our interests and our demands, our enjoy-
ments and our abilities to gratify them—I will
not go into the parallel between such as hod struck
me—I think it will be better for us now, rather
than bring ourselves to the condition to which we
shall be brought by the Committee on Finance,
when we are done with the real business, to ad*
I joorn at once, getting clear of much that will be
forced upon us if we do not adjourn. There is no
question that we are at this time far ahead of the
ordinary business of the session at this period. I
do not believe the chairman himself can dispute
this fact. If you push this through, you will have
other things thrust on this body, not to the in-
convenience alone of members, but to the incon-
venience of the public Treasury as regards the
amount of demands which will be brought for-
ward. Therefore, in deference to the public in-
terest, as I sincerely believe the motion is de-
manded by that interest, I move that the Senate
do now adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
recurs on the amendment offered by the Senator
from Rhode Island.
The amendment was agreed to—ayes twenty-
six, noes not countcd.
Mr. SIMMONS. I wish to offer an amend-
ment to carry out the provisions of a treaty, as a
new section:
Jind be it further enactcd, That to provide for the faithful
execution of the louith article of the treaty with Great
Britain of the 9th of August, 184-2, and to scctae the re-
leases mentioned m said treaty, the Secretary of the Treas-
ury be, and he is directed, to pay out of any money in the
Ti easury not othci wi&e appiopuated, to Catheune O.Waid,
of lioxbuiy. Massachusetts, and Lama A. Stchhin^, of Ban-
poi, Mame| each the sum of $6,686 50; and to James A.
Diew, ot Chelsea, Massachusetts, and Ituius Martsur, of
Uoulton, Maine, cacti the sum of $'11,401; and to Edmund
Monroe, of Boston, Massachusetts the sum of $15,881 35;
and to Benjamin Sevvall, of Boston, the sum of $5,293 75:
Provided, That the said Ward, Stebbms, Diew, and Man-
sur, holding titles to the E Hon grant, and the said Diew and
Manssur holding titles to the ea<t halt of Plymouth town-
ship, and the said Monroe and Scwall holding title to the
west half of Plymouth township, shall respectively execute
or causc to be executed, tho>o loleases as requited by the
fouuh article of the said treaty, to the panics holding pos-
session or equitable possessory claims to and in said Eaton
giant and Plymouth township, a? desciibed m the icports
made to the Governor and Council of Maine, by Ebenczer
Hutchinson and othcis, commissioners under a resolution
passed by the Legislature of said fcstato on the 12th day of
; April, 1854, and the plan of smveys accompanying said re-
ports, and of lecord in the land office of said Stare ; and
that it shall appear to the satisfaction of the land agent of
said State that such deeds of lelease do confiim and quit-
claim to the persons entitled theieto, the title of such lands
as icquiiod by said Meaty : Jlnd provided also, That if the
said putties shall fail to make, oi cause to be made, such
decd'J of ideate to the whole of ^aul land*, a deduction
shall bo madel'iom the compensation heicm piovided,from
the allowance to the parties so failing to release, at theraie
of two dollars per acie for the land not so i cleaned.
Mr. GRIMES. I raise a point of order on that
proposition. I think it is a private matter, for the
benefit of private individuals
Mr. BRAGG. I will only state, in relation to
the pomt of order raised by the Senator from
Iowa, that this same amendment was introduced
at the last session, was elaborately discussed here,
and twice ruled by a vote of the Senate to be out
of order, after solemn consideration and full argu-
ment.
Mr. GRIMES. I believe the point of order is
to be settled without any debate. That is the
easiest way to get rid of it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Polk in
the chair.) It has been the custom for some days
past to submit these questions of order to the Sen-
ate. I will submit this to the Senate.
Mr. SIMMONS. I only ask for the yeas and
nays on it; I do not want to debate it.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and the Sec-
retary proceudcd to call the roll.
Mr. RICE, (when his name was called.) I
believe I voted" yea'Mast year; and notwithstand-
ing the condition of the Treasury, I sec no reason
to change my vote. 1 vote "yea" now.
The Secretary concluded the calling of the roll.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish to explain to Sen-
ators that they have m repeated instances to-day
voted m private claims, and now they vote out
one which carries out a treaty stipulation. It is
a special reservation in the rule.
Mr. DOOmTTLE. On this question of order
I believe I have voted under a mistake. My vote
should be otherwise. I voted in the negative; but
on conversation, learning more about if, I find
that it seems to be clear that it is under the pro-
visions of a treaty, and not a private claim.
Though I shall vote against it on its merits, I
change my vote, and vote yea, on this question.
The result was announced—yeas 1G, nays 23;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Clark, Dooiittle, Durkee, I es-
senden, Foot, Foster, Hemphill, Morrill, Rice, Sebastian,
Simmons, Ten Eyck, Wade, Wilkinson, and Wilson-—16.
