218
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 31,
trust the dignity of this Senate will be vindicated
before an adjournment,
Mr. BiGrLER. I think it is much more pru-
dent to adjourn.
Mr. YULEE. A motion to adjourn is not
debatable.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. A motion to
adjourn is made; and upon that question the yeas
and nays are asked for.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. COLLAMER. Can that motion, or any
other proceeding, be entertained until the order
of the Chair be executed?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. A motion to
adjourn is always in order. If it is the pleasure
of the Senate to adjourn instead of executing the
order of the Senate, they have a light to do it.
The question being taken, by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 13, nays 32; as follows:
YRAS-Mpws. Ii.naid, Bi«lor, IIragg, Davis, Fitzpat-
rick, Gwin, Johnson of AiUansas, Kennedy, Lane, Nich-
olson, Powell, Toombs, ami Vulee—J3.
NAYti—iVlessis. Maker, Buighnrn, liright, Clark, Chng-
man. Cohamer, Ciitteuden, Dixon, Doohttlc, Douglas,
Durkee, Fessenden. Fitch, Foot, Fostcj, Gi lines. Harlan.
Hemphill, fluntei, Johnson of Tennessee, Km?, Latham^
Mason, Polk, Rice. Seward, Simmon's, tSlidell, Sumner,
Trumbull, Wade, and Wigiall—32.
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
Mr. MASON. I did not, in the demand I made,
rccollect the new arrangement of the spectators in
the gallery. I did not remember that there was
a portion of the gallery set apart for the ladies.
There was no disorder there certainly, and I in-
tended to confine the motion I made to the other
side.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Virginia will allow the Chair to remaik that
the order was made to cover merely the right
hand side of the gallery. It was from there the
disorder proceeded.
Mr. FOOT. That was it.
The Sergeant-at-A rms having executed the or-
der of the Presiding Officer, and the gentlemen's
gallery having been cleared,
Mr. BAKER obtained the floor.
Mr. DOOUTTLE. If the Senator from Ore-
gon will yield mo the floor, I will now move that
the Senate adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, December 31, 1860.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Player
by the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas M.Stockton.
The Journal of Thursday last was read and
approved.
LETTISH PROM THE SKCUETAEY OF WAlt.
The SPEAKER. The Chair asks leave of the
House to present a communication from the late,
or the present, Secretary of War. It will be read.
The Clerk proceeded to read the communica-
tion.
Mr. CURTIS. Mr. Speaker, I would inquire
whether that communication is m reply to any
resolution of this House?
The SPEAKER. It is a eommunicatirfti from
the Secretary of War addressed to me as the
Speaker of this House: and as such the Chair
has presented it to the House.
Mr. CURTIS. If it be presented to the House,
and read at the request of the Speaker, then I
will not object; otherwise I do object; for it does
seem to me that a communication from the head
of one of the Executive Depaitments ought to
come to us through the President of the United
States.
Mr. WINSLOYV. Let us hear the paper, and
then we may judge what action to take on it.
Mr. CURTIS. I object, unless the paper is
read at the request of tlu: Speaker of this House.
The SPEAKER. Adit is a paper addiessed
to the Speaker of this House, the Chair thought
it his duty to present it, and to request that it bo
read. The Clerk will proceed to read it.
The letter was then read, as follows:
War Department, Dcccwbci 27, IFGO.
Sir • So niuHi has been said veij recently about the pol-
iry r i this D.-jtaunKiU in uranium acceptances to the eon-
naefoi- lot ii.in-pntMtinM ,',cin-'s (ho plain*, that [ deem it
due <il! !."e fu < to the public, and to myself, to make
a short, phuii statement ot the iaets connected with the
subject.
At one time—in the jeai lba^—H became ab'.oluteJy ne-
cessary to start large trains of transportation across the
plains to Utah, when there was no available means to put
those tiains m motion. Acceptances were given to the
contractors then to enable them to start; and they did so.
The practice, thus begun, was continued foi a good while
from necessity, and was afterwards followed to afford ac-
commodation to the eontiaetors in their very large and ex-
tensive work. Their purport is to give preference to the
holder, when filed in the Department, out ot any moneys
due the contractors. These acceptances have, until the
past autumn, been regularly paid to large amounts; nor has
any complaint whatever, until then, been heard that means
were not provided to meet and redeem them. There has
never been the least concealment or mystery about this
business, it was perfectly known to al! who had any inter-
est m knowing anything about it.
They have been given only when there was a subsisting
confiact out of wiucli the means to meet them would cer-
tainly arise, and for the execution of which there was an
existing appiopnation. They aic prohibited by no law.
The iss-ue of these acceptances within this month rested
upon the following considerations: those given lor the last
season's work, and winch weie held as eollateral security
m diflcicnt places, the eontiaetors weie anxious to post-
pone until the ne\t season. They repiesented that this
could be done with acceptances which on their lace repte-
sented that thej would be paid when the money they called
tor was earned by the eontiaetors for the next season's
woik. Tiie Miongest assurances were given that this paper
was only to go. and eeitamly to go, by agreement already
made, into the hands, alone of those banks and lirms who
then held unpaid acceptances, arid for winch they weie to
be substituted and held as collateral secuuty to their own
obligations.
The pay accruing under their contract next season will
be nioie than enough to cover the amount ot the accept-
ances piedieated on it.
'To lii^mc this stipulation, I consented to issue the paper
only in large amount-, and in a form which would be ac-
ceptable, if at all, to those who knew perfectly the solvency
ot the contractor, and who had alteady money engage-
ments with them to a targe amount, and who had, as 1 was
informed, and as I believed, already consented to and de-
sired the airangement. If these piomises and faithful
engagements had been peiformed, no difficulty could ever
have j esulted from the transaction, ltcould not and would
not have misledordeeeived anyone ; no expectation based
upon it could by any possibility have been disappointed.
But the promises made me were not kept; they were bioken.
This paper was, it seems, placed in the hands of ac'eikof
the Depaitment ol the interior, who had ab.-tiacted a large
aniouiuof the securities belongingtothe Indian trustlund.
Fnnhmj this to be the ease, i have not hesitated to give an
oidet 10 cancel and annul all those acceptances. The per-
version rendeted theni void and of no effect.
f am gialified to a ert the confident belief that no one
connected in any way, directly or remotely, m any shape
or hum, with the duties ot the War Department, had any,
the least, connection v ith oi knowledge ot this embezzle-
ment in its inception oi us procre^.
The issue of this paper resolves itself into a question of
administrative consideration alone, I think: and so regard-
ins? it, 1 will be panluned (oi advening very bueliy to this
aspect ol the subject.
These contractor have, by along series of yeais of faith-
ful, honest, and mo-t eflieient service, won the confidence
and good fooling ot ail persons having any connection with
the transpoitation ol'the Aimy m the count! v lying beyond
our western settlements They had never faded m any of
then engagements, ami had executed many of them under
circumstances of peetilnu emhai raiments. They weie men
of very huge wealth and most extensive means, and pos-
sessed fully the confidence ot all who knew them. It lias
become lattoily pretty evident that but small profits, if any,
weie likely to be realized fiom their operations, and this
was put into great danger fiom recent reverses in money
afl.uis.
Tilt.! icvul-'ions which have tecently swept over the
countiy have aiiseii f ion) no causes which businessmen
could be tairly called upon to take the usk jf; they have
been from political i uuses, and not fiom any violated law
of commeieial oi monelaiy action Under tlu< evident
fact,! was not unwilling to afford these employes of the
tioveinmentan) assistance likely to tave them fiom serious
injury yiowing out of political di.stuibances, if that could
be done without running anyiisk of loss to the Govern-
ment. I think such a course can deiogate nothing fiom a
sound adnunistiaUve de-cieiion, although the sequel has
shown that such a coufidonee has been misplaced.
Rut finite is another and highei public consideration con-
nected wiJh the subject of contiaets fortianspoitation,and
one winch cannot bo overlooked with any just apprecia-
tion ot good administration. Good and thoroughly re-
sponsible contsaetOH foi transpoitation across our immense
plains aie extremely nnpoitant persons to our little Aimy,
and dilheult to obtain Theie i-: no other service like it
known in the world. Nowheie else on the globe would
the idea be entei tamed of subsisting an army by transport-
ing its supplies ovoi land a distance of a thou-and or twelve
hundred miles through an uninhabited wilderness; and vet
a very large part of our Army is furnished and subsisted"by
this means.
If the present contractor-*, who have so long and so faith-
fully performed their woik, should fail or become so em-
barrassed as to be unable to do their woik and supply the
Army, it would result in aio<s to the United States of a vast
sum of money—ptobably a million dollars. But the pecu-
niary loss would bo small in comparison with the lisk and
damage which such a failuie would subject our troop< to,
who are stationed in the deserts of New Mexico and Au-
zona. Should any accident befall these men. oi any venous
inconvenience resulttotliem fiom afaihne of ajeirulai and
cettam nan^mi--ion of supplies, it would be difhenli to
(Miniate fhe ju t imh<rnal ion w Inch would be heaped upon
! | the head of the rpifMunt oi delinquent otheei whose ui"fii
J| eiencv had allowed it.
i i The tiauis neev>-ar\ f<u ine nan-sim^ion lo he peribi med
i! by liusidl, Ma.joi , ic Waddeil, could not co^t much ohoil
of $1,000,000, and would require months of industry and
activity to prepare.
It must bo very clear to any one that a wise forecast de-
manded of the Government to sustain these eontiaetors by
all fair and legitimate means.
I have now neaily brought my administration of the War
Department to a close, and I will be excused for adverting to
it briefly. There is not one branch of the military seivice
winch is not in perfect order, as far as any means are af-
forded of knowing—and they are very complete. Some
have been particularly encouraged; Ithinkimproved. The
discipline is excellent, and the accountability to supeiior
authority in every department could scarcely be excelled.
A strict economy is enforced, and a perfect responsibility
in all money expenditures is, and has been, successfully
carried into effect.
Within the fouryeais since I have presided over this
Department, not a dollar, I believe, has been lost to the
Government by embezzlement or theft, and within that
time $60,000,000 have been disbursed- No system of ad-
ministration, no line of policy, I think, could reach better
results. No system of accountability could be more per-
fect.
These facts I confidently assert; and the Department is
everywhere full of the pi oofs of them.
I invite any investigation which the Bouse may think
proper to institute into'any or all of inv official acts.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
JOIIN B. FLOYD,
Secretary of War.
Hon. William Pennington,
Speaker of the House of Representatives.
Mr. BOCOCK. I move that the communica-
tion just read be referred to the select committee
raised on this subject, of which the honorable
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Morris] is chair-
man, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. CCJRTIS. I should like to say a word, if
there be no objection.
Mr. JONES. I object to debate.
Mr. BOCOCK. I demand the previous ques-
tion, if I am not too late. I say to the gentleman
from Iowa, that I mean no discourtesy to him;
but I do think that it is premature to open any
debate on this subject befoic the select committee
submits its report. I would rather that the gen-
tleman would delay any remarks he may desire
to make on this subject until we receive that re-
port.
Mr. CURTIS. I wish to say something in re-
lation to the facts which have come to the knowl-
edge of the Committee on Military Affairs, con-
nected with the making of the contract referred
to, and the subsequent action of the Secretary of
War in relation to it.
Mr. BOCOCK. I suggest, as this matter is
before a select committee, that any information
necessary for the country ought to come before it
in the formal and regular way. If the gentleman
has any facts, I think it would bo better that he be
summoned before the select committee, in order
that his testimony may be taken in regular form.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I hope, then, the gentleman
from Virginia will modify his motion, so as to
have the paper referred and not printed.
Mr. BOCOCK. I presume that the committee
would prefer to have it printed. It will cost but
little.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. The committee
desire to have it printed.
Mr. CURTIS. I dislike, in the face of the
objection, to urge my explanation; but while the
Secretary of War has thus volunteered a defense,
it seems to me proper that all the facts should go
with that communication to the public.
Mr. BOCOCK. I would suggest to the gen-
tleman from Ohio that the communication will go
to the selcct committee. The public does not
make up its opinion from the statements of one
side only. The communication will go to the
committee, and furnish a subject of investigation
by the committee. That committee can take the
testimony of the gentleman from Iowa, and of
anybody else. And let me say further to the
gentleman from Iowa, that under the rules of the
House, he has not the parliamentary right to dis-
close matters which occurred in a committee-room
except in the form of a report.
Mr. CURTIS. I do not make myself a vol-
unteer witness to go before that committee or any
other committee. I stand here, as the gentleman
from Virginia himself does, trying to place before
the House every thing which ought to be pre-
sented.
Mr. BOCOCK. I appeal to the gentleman from
Iowa, and I do not want to present any point
i which does not address itself to Ins fairness tuid
candor. The ^Secretary of War bays, in his
communication, that he has bf en implicated, by
public rumor, in the matter of the late defalcation.
