1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2*9
and be wishes to make his explanation. He vol-
untarily makes himself party defendant and courts
investigation. Now, because one of the parties m
the mailer chooses to come forward and make his
statement, I appeal to the gentleman from Iowa
to know whether a third person should come for-
ward and make his statement here ex parte before
the House. The gentleman from Iowa himself
is not presumed by anybody to be implicated in
this transaction. What he says must be in the
nature of evidence,orargument. It is time enough
to argue the question when the evidence is com-
pleted, AH we want now is testimony. Does
the fact that a party defendant files his plea here
justify the gentleman fiom Iowa in coming for-
ward as a witness and givin gex parte testimony?
Mr. CURTIS. I have not pretended to come
here as a witness, but I wish to draw the atten-
tion of the House to facts already in testimony
before the House and the country—the facts in
relation to the making of these contracts with
these contractors, and the interference by the
Secretary of War with the proper department for
the purpose of giving the contracts to these men
whom he favored. I wisli to recall the memory
of this House to the fact, that at that time there
was a general indignation through the country
because people bidding for contracts before the
(Quartermaster General were deprived of the
privilege of concluding their bids, and making
contracts; because the Secretary found an obso-
lete law, which allowed him to make a contract
with those men. And in this connection I wish
to say, that the prices given to these contractors
were double those which other persons were will-
ing to take the contracts for. It seems to me
strange that, before accusations are made, or
charges presented, or an investigation ordered by
this House, this man should come without au-
thority of law, as a head of a Department, and
offer a communication to this House, excusing
himself from conduct which ought to be depre-
cated by everybody in this country. I deny that
I have offered myself as a witness here; I repu-
diate any such idea; but I am willing that the facts
shall go before the committee, where there will be
an investigation.
Mr. GROW. I rise to a question of privilege.
By the Constitution of the United States, the Pres-
ident is the only person permitted to communi-
cate to this House at will. The Secretary of the
Treasury, I believe, has been authorized by law
to send to the House his estimates. I know of
no law which authorizes any other head of a
bureau, or Department of the Government, to
communicate directly to this House.
I simply want to make this statement at this
time, that our privileges may not hereafter be in-
vaded, but do not intend to press the point in this
case.
Mr. BOCOCK. I rise to a point of order. The
gentleman from Pennsylvania has not the floor
to make a speech, but only to state his point of
order.
Mr. GROW. That is what I am doing.
Mr. BOCOCK. Jt seems to me it is a very long
point.
. Mr. GROW. I do not know that the rules
confine a member to any particular time in stat-
ing a point of order. The gentleman himself
spoke some time, under a call for the previous
question, and nobody objected.
I merely wished to say that, by the Constitu-
tion, the President is the only person permitted
to communicate to this House at pleasure. The
heads of Departments communicate to the House
on call. Hereafter, I shall object to any head of
Department communicating to the House unless
somelaw provides for such communication. They
can communicate only through the President.
Mr. BOCOCK. In the first place, it is entirely
too late to raise the question, if there was any-
thing in it; but there is nothing in it. It has been
the practice, from the foundation of the Govern-
ment until now, that any public officer implicated
in any charge may ask the House, through the
Speaker, to-order an investigation. And he may
make his defense. That is all we have now. An
officer in an importantpubhestation asks, through
the Speaker, that lie may have an investigation
by, and a hearing before, a committee: and he
makes his explanation.
The SPEAKER. The Chair wishes to state
that, while it is the duty of the President to com-
municate to this House, it does not appear to the
Chair any way improper for a head or a Depart-
ment to do so. It has been done frequently during
the |uesentCon^rcss;and theiefoio the Chairsaw
no objection to receiving this communication.
Mr. CLEMENS. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Grow] declared he could find no
law authorizing the Secretary of War to make a
communication to this House. I beg leave to
refer him to the sixth section of the actof the 21st
of April, 1808, by which it is expressly provided
that the Secretary of War shall have the right to
make a communication to this House in regard
to all contracts made by him under existing law. j
This communication lelatcs to contracts made by
the Secretary of War; and as such, it certainly
should be leceived.
Mr. GROW. This communication is his de-
fense, and does not relate to his contracts. In:
formation in reference to that point has been sent
in before.
The communication was then referred to the
select committee of live, and ordered to be printed.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
communication from the Secretary of War, trans-
mitting a letter from Inspector General Churchill,
embodying an estimate for the publication of his
Manual for Parade and Review, for distribution
to the militia; and recommending an appropria-
tion for that purpose.
During the reading of the communication,
Mr. GROW said: Now I rise to a point of or-
der. I ask if this communication is in reply to
any resolution of the House asking information ?
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will read it, and
then the point will be ascertained.
The reading of the communication was then
finished.
Mr. GROW. I now ask again if the commu-
nication is in answer to any resolution of the
House ?
The SPEAKER. It does not appear to the
Chair that it is indispensable that a communica-
tion from the Secretary of War should be in an-
swer to any resolution of the House. The prac-
tice has been othciwise, and the Chair thinks it
is right.
Mr. CURTIS. I move that the communica-
tion be referred to the Committee on Milituiy
Affairs; and, at the same time, I protest that a
communication of that kind should go from the
Secretary of War to the Piesidcnt, and be by him
communicated to this House, and by nobody else.
Mr. STANTON. I understand that the com-
munication contains estimates; and if that be so,
unless it is the intention of the House to send the
Army bill to the Committee on Mihtaiy Affairs,
it ought to be sent to the Committee of Ways and
Means.
The SPEAKER. The Speaker supposed that
the Committee of Ways and Means would have
been the proper committee; but as the gentleman
moved to have it referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs, the question must be put on that
motion.
The communication was then leferrcd to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
WINDER'S BUILDING.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
communication from the Secretary of War, trans-
mitting a communication from the supciintend-
ent of Winder's Building, embodying an estimate
for constructing certain conveniences absolutely
necessary about said building; which was re-
ferred to the Committee of Ways and Means,
and ordered to be printed.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
The SPEAKER stated that the business first
in order was the consideration of the Indian ap-
propriation bill, on which the main question was
ordered on Thursday last.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask that that bill be passed
over until to-morrow, or the next day when the
House is in session. I desire to institute a com-
parison at the Indian bureau.
There "being no objection, it was so ordered.
Mr. McCLERNAND. I would inquire what
is the regular order of business?
The SPEAKER. The call of the States for (
bills and resolutions; and first for bills for refer- j
ence only. !
ADJOURNMENT OYER. j
Mr. CRAWFORD. I move that when the i
House adjourns to-day, it adjourn to meet on
Thursday next.
Mr. BRIGGS. I move to amend that motion
by striking out "Thursday "and inserting "Wed-
nesday." I cannot consent, when the country is
in the midst of revolution, to abandon my post. -
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. Crawford's motion, as amended, was
then adopted.
PERPETUITY QF THE UNION.
Mr McKEAN. I have a resolution which I
should like to have read, and to lie over under the
rule.
The SPEAKER. If there is no objection, that
may be done.
Several Members. Let us hear what the res-
olution is.
The Clerk read the resolution, as follows:
Resolved, That the several States did not " ordain and
establish " this Government; that it was made by " the
people of the United States,in order to form a more per-
fect Union, establish justice, insure domestic tranquillity,
provide tor the common defense, promote the general wel-
fare, and secure the blessings of liberty to themselves and
their posteritythat for such purpose the people with-
drew from their several State governments certain powers
and vested them in one General Government, whose Con-
stitution, law*, and tieaties, are " the supreme law of the
land," " anything in the constitution or laws of any State
to the contrary notwithstanding;" that we are not tliirty-
thiee nations, but one nation, made such by the Constitu-
tion, and known to the world as the American nation; that
every nation has tin* right of sclf-pieservauon, the right to
defend itself enemies Irom without and traitors
fiom within ; that we believe this nation has the power to
do so, and that it is its duty to exeicise it-
Mr. MAYNARD. I cannot conceivc that any
possible benefit can result to the House or the
country from the introduction of these proposi-
tions at this time; and I must, therefore, object to
the resolution.
Mr. McKEAN. I ask that the resolution bo
referred to the committee of thirty-three.
Messrs. PRYORand BARKSDALE objected.
The SPEAKER then proceeded to call the
States and Territories for bills for reference only.
DUTIES ON IMPORTS.
Mr. BINGHAM introduced a bill further to
provide for the collection of duties on imports;
which was read a first and second time, and re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary..
JACOB BROWN.
Mr. ALLEN introduced a bill for the relief of
Jacob Brown; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Invalid
Pensions.
WAGON ROAD IN NEBRASKA.
Mr. ALDI11CH introduced a bill for the con-
struction of a wagon road in the Territory of Ne-
braska; which was read a first and second time,
j and referied to the Committee on Territories.
STATE CONSTITUTION OF UTAH.
Mr. HOOPER. I hold in my hand a memorial
from the people of the Territory of Utah, praying
to bo admitted into the Union as a State, and ac-
companied by a copy of their constitution. I
move that it be referred to the Committee on Ter-
ritories, and be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HOOPER. I ask that the memorial may
be read.
Objection was made.
INDIAN WARS IN OREGON AND WASHINGTON.
Mr. STEVENS, of Washington, introduced a
bill granting bounty lands for services in wars
against thclndian tribes in Oregon and Washing-
ton; which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
FORTS, ETC., AT CHARLESTON.
The SPEAKER then pioccedcd to call the States
for resolutions, commencing, where the call was
last left off, with the State of New Jeisey.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I offer the
following resolution:
Resolved by the House of Rep) aentcrtive*, That the Pres-
ident be, requeued to communicate to tile House, if not
incompatible with tlu: public interests, the condition of the
foits, aiscnaK arid public property in and about the city
and poit of Charleston, South ('utoluia ; whether any means
weie taken to ".un^on thorn and putthem in a defensible
condition si!tot it became evident that South Carolina in-
tended io si-cede ; \\ Si.it imnilici of ti oops were then hi ^nd
fort and anenal-, and what number there are now j whether
anv oi dei-. have been civcn to reinfotce the garrison ol t" ort
Sumlei, since the oilier forts have been *eUe<i by insur-
