1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
NAYS—Messrs. Baker, Bigler, Bingham, Bragg, Cam-
eion, Chandler, Collamer, Douglas, Grimes, Hale, Harlan,
Johnson of Arkansas, Johnson of Tennessee, Kennedy,
King, Lane, Latham, Nicholson, Peaice, Poik5 Powell,
Sumner, and Tiumbull—23.
So the Senate refused to received the amend-
ment under the 30th rule.
• The PRESIDING OFFICER. If no further
amendment be proposed, the question will be,
"Shall the amendments be engrossed, and the bill
be read the third timer"
Mr. PEARCE. I have postponed some amend-
ments I had for a few days. I am sorry it is so
late; but I cannot let the bill pass without offer-
ing them. I move to strike out lines eighty-two,
eighty-three, eighty-four, and eighty-five, in the
following words:
" For commissions, at two ami one half per centum, to
superintendents 011 di^buisements for object^ outside their
districts, $12,782 27."
Mr. President, there are three appropriations
in this bill for commissions to collectors of cus-
toms who arc superintendents of lights. Two of
them arc according to law; one is not according
to law, and that is the one which I move to strike
out. For about forty years, Congress has been
endeavoring to get rid of a vicious practice, of
what I consider a gross abuse, and we have made
repeated amendments to the appropriation bills by
which wc thought we had effected this purpose,
but still these claims are paid; and unless the
Senate now shall adhere to the law, as I under-
stand it, I shall despair of ever preventing the col-
lectors of customs who are also superintendents of
lights from getting large amounts of money from \
the Treasury, to which I think they have no
earthly pretext, certainly for which there is no
good consideration. I hope the Senate will at-
tend to me while I explain it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER.. The Senator
cannot be heard while there is so much confusion.
Mr. PEARCE. 1 remarked befom, that at
various times we had endeavored to put a stop
to these commissions on disbuisements to collec-
tors of customs. One of the last acts on the sub-
ject, and the only one I shall read to the Senate
from the book, is as follows:
"For superintendents' commission*, at two and a half
per cent, on .^."jl6,35h 82 appiopuated above tor light-house
puipo^os, £12*903 92." * * * (<jZndpro-
vided fiother^ That collectors, whose compensation exceeds
$3,500 shall receive no compensation as supenntendents
of lights or disbuioiny agents."
The manifest intention of that was to restrain
the compensation to collectors whose offices were
woith moie than $2,500 a year to that sum, and
not to give them additional compensation as su-
perintendents of lights or disbursing agents.
Mr. HALE. What is the date of that >
Mr. PEARCE. It is the act of 1851, still in
force. The collectors of customs have been su-
perintendents of lights, and they are still called
so, though they do not now perform the duties
which formerly they did perform. Prior to the
establishment of the Light-house "Board, the col-
lectors of customs, when directed so to do—and
it was the case very largely, in Boston and New
York more especially—made all the purchases
for the light-house establishment, amounting to
some five or six hundred thousand or more dol-
lars per year. They boughtthe oil; they made the
contracts; they had the bonds drawn; they saw
that the guarantees were sufficient; they attended
to the receipt of the articles; they tested them
when they were delivered; applied the proper tests
and comparisons to see that they were of the right
quality; and they had them distributed to all the
points of the United States, where these articles 1
were wanted for light-houses. At that time they
ivccived—not by any law, for there never was
any law passed declaring that they should bo en-
titled to it—two and ahalfper cent, commissions,
under appropriation bills from time to time, as
Congress would vote the two and a h^if percent,
commissions. They were restrained in 1822, by
a law which prohibited them from getting more
than $400 for any service outside of that of the
collectorship proper. That law, I believe, is still
in force. But in 1851, finding that a great many
collectors received very large amounts, the law
which I have read was passed. The collector
of Baltimore bought $40,000 worth, and he got
$1,000, which was so much in addition to the
salary of collector, and I believe also, as I know
in one case, $400, under the act of 1822, he re-
ceived for services outside of his collection district.
In 1852, Congress established the Light-house
Board, and I must here read from that act a few
lines to show the duties of the board. I will re-
mark that the Light-house Hoard act divided the
whole coast of the United States into districts,
not exceeding twelve in number; that it required
that an officer of the Army or Navy should be
assigned to each district as a light-house inspector,
subject to and under the order of the Light-house
Board, who the law says, "shall receive for such
seivice the same pay and emoluments he would
be entitled to by law for the performance of duty
in the regular line of his profession, and no other.
This act proscribed the duties of the Light-house
Board:
" And the board so constituted fehall be attached to the
office of tho Sec retaiy of the Treasury, and under his super-
intendence shall discharge ail the aduunistiative duties of
said office ielating to tho instruction, illumination, inspec-
tion, and supeimtemlence of lisht-hou.-es, light-vessels,
beacons, buojs, sea-maiks, and their appendages, and em-
bracing the, security of foundations of works already c\^t-
mg, procuring illuminating and oilier apparatus, ■supplies,
and materials of all kinds lor building and lor lebuilding
when necessaiy, and keeping m good repair the light-
houses, light vessel*, beacons, And buo^s of the United
States."
This act transferred fram the Fifth Auditor, who
used to be charged with the whole of the duty of
the light-house establishment, and all the duties
of the superintendents of lights, which were per-
formed by the collectors of customs, to the Light-
house Boaid and their inspectors. The only
service which the collector now performs, since
the passage of that act, in legoid to the light-
house establishment, is this: when articles are
purchased by tho Light-house Board, inspected by
the inspector, delivered, their quality tested, the
accounts made out, which are always revised by
the Light-house Board, and their payment ordered,
the collector pays them. That is all he does;and
for that it is now endeavored to give two and a
half per cent, commissions.
In 1848 an act passed which was so peremp-
tory in its tenns that it cut them oft'; but some-
! how or other it was subsequently repealed, in
1849. Then came the act of 1851, intended to
put an end to this practice; but in 1853, when the
then collector of Boston, Mr. Greely, went out
of office, he retained moneys equivalent to the
amount of two and a half per cent, commissions
upon all the purchases and disbursements he had
made. He died, but his estate was sued, and ins
administrator (Converse) set up a claim to these
commissions on the ground that Greely had made
all these disbursements. The Supreme Court of
the United States, by a divided opinion—three
judges dissenting—declared that, in that case, he
was entitled to commissions, of which the jury
should judge; and two and a half percent, having
been voted in vai ious appropriation bills as proper
compensation, the jury took that as the iu!e, and
allowed him some $17,000. Notwithstanding
things had entirely changed since the death of
Mr. Greely—because, duiing his collectorship at
Boston, he did perform the scrvice of buying these
materials and supplies, the greater part of which
are bought m Boston—more than half of the ma-
terials for the light-house establishment 
Mr. HALE. Allow me to say a word. I want
to ask the Senator if he is aware of the fact that
Mr. Greely was in office there some six months
or a year after the Light-house Board was estab-
lished?
Mr. PEARCE. I know it perfectly well. I
know all about it. The Light-house Board was
created by the act of August 31,1S52. The Light-
house Board organized in October, 1852, but did
not immediately begin their system of operations.
They began early in 1853. Mr, Greely had then
been in nearly four years; he went out in 1853,
being replaced by the late collector appointed by
General Pieice, so that during the time he was
collector, the period for which that £>17,000 was
allowed him, he had been performing service m
testing materials, oil, &c. His estate, as 1 said
before, was sued, and the Supicme Court, by a
divided opinion, Judge Campbell and two other
judges diesentinc, declared that he was entitled to
commissions: but what was the case presented to
the Supreme Court? for it was this decision under
which they seem now to make these allowances
without consideration; for such they are. If they
have any claim .to them, it is merely a legal, a
technical one, without a shadow of merit. 1 read
now from the opinion of the chief justice in this
case. * f
Mr. CLARK. Will the Senator please state
the page from which he reads? /, J . )
Mr. PEARCE. Page 466 of the twenty-first
volume of Howard's Reports: .
" The Secretary of the Treasury, or the proper office*
under htm, during the whole term oftbe defendant's Wee,
wad accustomed, fiom time to time, to send specific orders
to hiui to advertise for proposals, make contracts for and
ptuchase all the oil, lamps, wicks, and supplies of every
kind, required for the whole light-house service .of the
United States, as well that of the sea-coasts lis the laiesand
rivers. %
"Agreeably to such orders or requests, the defendant did,
from time to time, make all these contracts and purchases,
draw the necessary contracts, and all payments and dis-
bursements thereunder and therefor, take ehaVge-of the
property when purchased, and distnbute the same in such
quantities and to such points, all over the United Slates,
as were required or directed by the Treasury Department. .
These services involved much time, labor, and responsi-
bility, on the part of the defendant, and were performed
at the request and upon the order of the Treasury Depart-
ment. The defendant paid out no moneys which have not
been allowed.
"And it was upon all disbursements thus made that he
claimed the aforesaid two and a half per cent, commissions,
amounting to $17,684 92."
Tho collectors since the passage of the act o'f
1852, have rendered none of these services. It
has not been their duty to render them. The law
transferred that duty to other officers; and those
other officers have performed them,and perform
them, without any charge of commissions; hut the
collector has actually paid the bills which have
been draw^i on him and which be has been or-'
dered to pay; and because he has paid the bills,
ho raises this claim to a compensation of two and
a half per cent, on the whole amount which he
thus disbursed for the light-house system. That
is the very thing which this act of Congress was
intended to prevent. We provided in 1851 that
the allowance of two and a half per cent, commis-
sion should not be given to any collector whose
compensation as such was over $>2,500 a year.
Tho collector at Boston gets $6,000 a year, and
he receives also, I presume—Mr. Greely did as
is stated in this case—$,400 a year for his services
outside of the district as superintendent of lights,
and in addition to that, the late collector of Boston
has a claim for twenty-one thousand and some
hundred dollars, of which he has already received
upwards of twelve thousand dollars, leaving
$9,000 which he is claiming—a very liberal allow-
ance for four years'service. It would make his
pay larger than that of any other officer under the
Government, unless the President and the Lieu-
tenant General. I believe it makes his salary not
less than $11,000 a year; and that is the very mis-
chief this law was intended to prevent. Hut if
Mr. Greely was entitled to it under the decision
of the Supreme Court, he was entitled to it be-
cause he performed services which no other offi-
cer since has performed, because the law devolves
them all on the Light-house Board. There never
was any law allowing two and a half per cent,
commissions except in the appropriation bills
from year to year. It has been forbidden by two
acts. The act of 1851,1 should think, was plain
enough when it declares that no collector whose
compensation exceeds §2,500 a year shall receive
any compensation as superintendent of lights or as
disbui sing agent. That is got over by the Supreme
Court in the case of Greely by saying that by
that the law intended any services rendered within
the district. The collector in that case had pur-
chased commodities and supplies outside of the
district; he had at all events distributed them be-
yond the bounds of his district, and in fact to
light-houses throughout the United States. But
the court expressly puts this upon the ground of
the great quantity of time consumed, and the
amount of labor and the meritorious services.
There is no longer any claim for time, labor, or
services, because the peculiar labor and services
are all rendered by the Light-house Board and
not by the collector
I took occasion, with the consent of the Com-
mittee on Finance, to address a letter to the Sec-
retary of the Treasury on this subject; and I
have received from him an answer, not so full as
I expected, which I will read:
Treasury Dep February 25. 1851.
Sir : I have jus-t received your note of this morning.
I am of opinion that none of the ea^e-? in which allow-
ances have been mado of two and a half per cent, for dis-
bursements to collectors of the customs out ot their dis-
tiiets, under the decision of the Supreme (Jourt (Conveise
