THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 25,
us. United Slates) are in accordance with the rule settled
by thatdeeision. I will to-morrow send you my opinion;
in detail andin full.
In tile appropriation bill now before your committee, the
sum of {$19,782 27, for commissions outside of collection
districts, is'intended to cover sfleh allowances.
The appropriation of $7,000 is for disbursements under
existing laws.
i am, very respectfully," f JOHN A DIX,
; ' , ' Secretary of the Treasury.
Hon - J. A.- Pearce, United States Senate.
The truth is, that when the decision of the Su-
premeCourt in (Jreely's case was made in 1858,
the collectors had given upapplying for these com-
missions; but, that decision becoming known,
they- immediately stavted up, and made their
claims; and several collectors, one within my owr.
knowledge, an honorable gentleman who has re-
cently held a high position here, and was formerly
collector of customs in Baltimore, did not dream
that he had any claim; but shortly after leaving
the Treasury Department, he was informed that
he had a claim,and some kind friend made out a
statement of it for him, and the claim was pre-
sented and he received several hundred dollars, to
which he never dreamed that he had any claim
until this thing was hunted up for him, as he said
to me himself. The gentleman in question here
will receive some nine thousand dollars. He, I
have 110 doubt, was a very excellent collector,
and behavsd very well in one respect, I would
say for him; ana that is, he did not retain the
money, but paid it all over to the Treasury; but
he has received at the Treasury already §12,000,
and he would have received the whole if the former
Secretary, Mr. Cobb, had had money enough at
his command appropriated for this purpose to pay
him; but he had not.
It is.said that this is a liquidated amount, be-
cause Mr. Cobb had made an order for his pay-
ment to the extent of the money that was in the
Treasury that might be applied to it. I do not
consider, though it was a liquidated account, that
is to say, an account stated, that that order of
Mr. Cobb's obliges Congress to make the appro-
priation which is necessary to pay the, money.
Congress intended to cut up these claims by the
roots, and they ought to he, because they are
without consideration, and therefore utterly with-
out merit. The collectors themselves do not pre-
tend there is any merit in it; they say it is a legal,
technical right, and they cavil on the ninth part
of a hair, if any money is to be got by it. 1 want
to break it up. I want the Senate of the United
States, for once, to do completely and effectually
what Congress has been trying ever since 1852
to do, to cut up by the roots this vicious piactice
of giving large commissions upon disbursements
when the party does nothing but discharge the
duties of his ordinary office. It is his duty, as
collector of customs, to pay the money which he
collects, cither into the Treasury of the United
States or to pay it out for the drafts drawn on
him; and when he has done that, he has done his
duty—nothing more—and he is not entitled to
extra compensation for it.
Mr. LATHAM. I should really like to say
a word, because I speak in relation to this matter
from a certain degree of experience which 1 had
as collector of the port of San Francisco. During
Mr. Pierce's administration, I filled that office for
nearly two years. I know that my immediate pre-
decessor, as well as his, had large claims against
the Government for commissions arising under
the law cited by the Senator from Maryland.
Anticipating, as I did, trouble from the imposi-
tion of duties which 1 did not regard as belonging
legitimately to the position which I held, when
the Secretary of the Treasury asked me to dis-
burse certain public moneys in the building of an
appraiser's store, taking the example of those
who had preceded me, and the difficulties they
had to encounter, I refused to have anything on
earth to do with aught outside of the legitimate
duties laid down by the law devolving on mo as
collector of customs at the port of San Francisco.
An issue was created between the Secretary of
the Treasury and myself, which was alone com-
promised by the interposition of an officer of the
Army, who was to decide between the contractor
for the building of the appraiser's store and my-
self, and I paid only on his requisition.
Now, I am perfectly willing—because I believe
the present practice has led to large abuses, to
great exactions and demands from the Govern-
ment—to vote for the amendment proposed by the
honorable Senator from Maryland, provided he
will make it explicit that a collector of customs
shall not do anything outside of the legitimate du-
ties devolved upon him as laid down by the law;
but that is not the case. These officers are made
disbursing officers. A Secretary of your Treas-
ury imposes upon them duties, and makes it an
issue between them and himself, that renders it
obligatory for large sums of money to pass through
their hands for which they are responsible. That
does not belong to their duties; and for it they
ought to be paid. My predecessor built the cus-
tom-house at San Francisco, costing a large sum
of money, for every dollar of which he was re-
sponsible. It did not belong to his duty, as col-
lector of that port; and, if he had not received this
commission for it, I would regard his position as
the most onerous one that any man could have
assumed. It was so with his predecessor, Hon.
Thomas Butler King. The fault arises in the
fact that the chief of your bureau, the head of
your Treasury Department, imposes these duties,
which do not belong to the office of collector, just
exactly as the history .of your records will show
the imposition of duties on the officers of your
Army and your Navy, that do not belong to their
legitimate sphere. When they go outside of them,
and when they, as subordinates—depending for
their offices on the head of the bureau, unwilling,
as they are, to make an issue between themselves
and their chief—have these duties ordered upon
them, they proceed to their execution, and they
arc responsible oil their bonds for eveiy dollar
they disbuise; and, if they arc thus responsible,
they ought to be paid for it.
Therefore, while I agree with everything my
friend fiom Maryland has said relative to this
extra compensation that, for forty years, he says,
has been a sore subject to the public, and while
I shall vote for his amendment, at the same time
I would like to see an expression on the part of
Congress, that when these duties are imposed on
subordinate officers, depending for their places
upon the heads of the bureaus, they cannot be im-
posed unless it is distinctly understood that they
are to receive compensation therefor.
1 deem these remarks proper and just, because
I have had experience in this matter. 1 know the
serious trouble I had with the Secretary of the
Treasury under Mr. Pierce's administration, when
he asked me to disburse large sums of money for
building an appraiser's store in the city of San
Francisco, which I peremptorily refused , and the
experience of other public officeis who preceded
me m the same position.
Mr. CLARK. I am sorry to detain the Sen-
ate at this time upon this amendment, but 1 feel
it my duty to do so; and I hope the Senate will
have a little patience with me in making the state-
ment. I shall endeavor not to be long.
Prior to April, 1853, Mr.Greely had been col-
lectorof the port of Boston, and also superintend-
ent of lights. lie performed the duty of procur-
ing supplies, and disbursing the money for those
supplies outside of Ins district. When he wont
out of office in April, 1853, the question arose be-
tween him and the Governments to the commis-
sion that should beallowed him. Heclaimed two
and a half per cent, commission on the disburse-
ments which he had made, amounting to seventeen
thousand and some hundred dollars. He retained
the money in hisown hands, and didnot settle his
accounts with the Depaitment, Mr. Peaslce was
his successor in office; and Mr. Pcaslee became
the superintendent of lights ill the same way that
Mr. Greeiy had been. This difficulty springing
up with Mr. Greeiy also arose at the close of the
term of Mr. Peaslee; but at that time there had
been a suit commenced in the Supreme Court
against the administrator of Mr. Greeiy, who was
dead, for the money ill his hands. Mr. Greeiy
had a balance of money in his hands, out of which
he claimed to be paid these commissions. Mr.
Peaslee proposed to retain his commission in his
hands; but the Department said to him that that
suit was proceeding against the administrator of
Mr. Greeiy, and the whole thing could be decided
in that suit with Mr. Greeiy; and they told him
if he would pay the money into the Treasury of
the United States, if Mr.Greely recovered in that
suit they would pay it back to him. He did pay
that money into the Treasury of the United States,
upon the faith of the Governmentithat if that suit
was decided in favor of Mr. Greeiy it should be
paid back to him. That suit went on and was
decided in favor of Mr. Greeiy; that he had a right
those commissions. The court in that case con-
sidered the laws from 1820 down to 1850 and
1851 and 1855, and cited the Light-house Board
act in thatcase, and they decided that Mr.Greely
was entitled to the commissions of two and a half'
per cent.
Mr. PEARCE. Will the Senator be good
enough to point me to the page in which they
cite the Light-house Board act?
Mr. CLARK. I will point you to the page
where they cite it. The court expressly referred
to it; because they say, at page 473 of the volume:
" The same provisions are contained in the appropriation
acts of 1851, (9 Stat., 60S,) 1852, (10 Stat., 86,) and 1853,
(10 Stat., 200.)"
This law of 1852, which they here cite, is the
Light-house Board law. That is sufficient to
show that the court considered it, because they
have cited it in their opinion. The remarks of the
Court upon it are not here, and it does not appear
that they made any remarks; but it does appear
that they had it under their consideration, because
they have cited it. Mr. Peaslee relies on the de-
cision of the Court in the Greeiy case; and he says
that, according to his understanding with the Gov-
ernment, and according to the decision in that
case, he is entitled to those commissions; and I
think he is entitled to them.
Now, one word in regard to what fell from the
Senator from Maryland, with reference to Mr.
Peaslee. Did I understand the Senator from Ma-
ryland to say that he simply pays the money;
that they make up the accounts, and send to him
to whom to pay them, and that he pays the money?
But does the Senator from Maryland know, that
Mr. Peaslee was the contracting officer for all
these supplies ?
Mr. PEARCE. I know that he was not. The
contracts are made by the Light-house Board.
Mr. CLARK. The Senator is mistaken. The
Light-house Board advertise, receive the propo-
sals, draft the contract, and then send it to the
superintendent of lights, and make him execute
and become responsible for it. I understand itso
ducctly from Mr. Peaslee himself; and ill some of
the cases he sent the contracts back two or three
times to have them corrected before he executed
them. They were executed by him as superin-
tendent of lights; and after he had executed the
contract, he was required to pay those pe ple, and
his accounts amount to some two or three thou-
sand vouchers, all the way from five dollars up to
§1,500. He disbursed the money in these sums.
Now, the Government says he ought not to be
paid, after they put this duty on him, and had
agreed to stand by this suit in the Supreme Court
in favor of Greeiy. When the suit was decided
in favor of Greeiy, the Government understood
they were to pay the money; and the Secretary of
the Treasury directed the Auditor to make up the
account, and the Auditor did make up his account,
and stated what he was entitled to, and so far as
they had money in their hands, they paid him that
amount; but not having enough in their hands to
pay the account, they estimated for it, and put it
here in this bill. You will find in the estimates
of the Department an estimate for this very pur-
pose, stating the exact number of dollars and cents;
and the Attorney General has given his opinion
that he is entitled to be paid.
There is nothing to resist the claim under the
law. ltwas for acting as superintendent of lights,
disbursing the money, that he is entitled to his
pay; and the court says, m its opinion in Greely's
case, that, having performed the service, and
Congress having fixed the compensation at which
he should be paid, it was right that he should be
paid. Now, when an officer has paid money
which he had in his hands, and which he might
have retained, into the Treasury, so that the Gov-
ernment haWiad the use of it, and he has lost the
interest on the money that he was entitled to re-
tain under the faith of the Government, that he
should be paid back if the decision was in favor
of Mr. Greeiy, every consideration of equity and
justice and of law requires that he should be paid.
I do not want to detain the Senate at this late hour,
but I have here a letter of the Secretary of the
Treasury, which I will send to the Clerk to be
read.
Mr. PEARCE. The former Secretary of the
Treasury, Mr. Cobb?
