220
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 31,
gents, and what orders were given to the officer in com-
mand relative to surrendering the &arne to the rebels;
whether any vessels of war have been oidered to said port
since the seizure of the revenue by the rebellious State.
Mr. BRANCH. I object to the reception of
that resolution* 1 believe this call is for resolu-
tions for reference only.
The SPEAKER- It is the regular call for res-
olutions.
Mr. BRANCH. Resolutions for reference
alone, however.
The SPEAKER. That was so in regard to
bills, but not in regard to resolutions.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I move the
previous question on the passage of the resolu-
tion.
Mr. BRANCH. Does the Speaker rule that
the resolution can be put on its passage at this
time?
The SPEAKER. That has been the practice
of the House. When the gentleman demands the
previous question, and thereby cuts oil' debate,
the question can be put upon the resolution.
Mr. BOCOCK. I move to lay the resolution
on the table.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. On that mo-
tion I call for the yeas and nays.
Mr. FLORENCE. Let the resolution be read
again.
The resolution was again read.
Mr. JONES. The gentleman from North Car-
olina [Mr. Branch] objected to the resolution
before the previous question was called.
The SPEAKER. The iloor was held at the
time by the gentleman fiom Pennsylvania. The
Chair only recognized the gentleman from North
Carolina out of courtesy.
Mr. BRANCH. I object on another ground.
The rules of the House require that all resolu-
tions calling oil the President or other officers for
information shall he over one day. I therefore
demand that, under the rules of the House, this
resolution shall he over one day.
The SPEAKER. The rule is properly stated
by the gentleman from Noith Carolina. The
resolution must he over.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Then I move
a suspension of the rules.
The SPEAKER. That motion cannot be made
until after the lapse of an hour from the reading
of the Journal. The motion will be in order after
that time.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Very well,
sir, I will renew the motion.
AIIMrt AND ARSENALS.
Mr. Me,PI 1ERS0N. I oiler the following res-
olution:
Resolved, That the Seeiotary of War inform the House
ot Representative^ what transfeis of cannon or othci muni-
tion'; of \va« have been made from the awnnlsor othei
depo-itoues of the United States since April 1, IHGO; to
what points ihey have been sent or oideicd to be Mint;
and, in detail, to e.\htbit the opiuations of this depai tmcnt
of the sei vice since the date named. Also, that lie intoun
tin-; Hoii.-e what --ales of muskets or other amis have been j
made since the 1st oi April last; when, to whom, and at
\vh:it price hai'd aims have heen &oId, and whetfn-i at pub- i
he oi private '•ale. Alr-o. that he ft.He the numbei and -i/e
of the cannon. unMcet-^ and otljei aims in the possesion
of the United State-., and where they ,ue deposited.
Mr. BRANCH. I demand that that resolution
shall also lie over, under the rule.
The SPEAKER. The resolution must lie over,
under the same rule.
NATIONAL EXPENDITURES.
Mr. HUGHES. I offer the following resolu-
tion:
Rewired, That the Secietaiy of the Treasury he ic- I
quested to icpoit to this {[oinea detailed statement of the ,
amount of money expended b;  the Government ol the Uni-
ted State* Horn tin adoption of the Constitution to the 30th 1
of June. I?i50. in each State ot the Union and Territoues |
for na\)-\auU, euMom-house^, couit houses, and other !
public buildings; lot the nnpiovemem of rivei.-, and hai- j
bor.v ; loi the conduction ot loits and arsenal* and at mo- j
ries; and, aNo, the number of acre-? of the public lands I
gt anted to each ot" the Slates and Teinrories m aid ot woik-. I
of internal niipioveinents; and, <-o fai as piactieable, the 1
moiK-jed value of the same at the time the grants wcie i
made. I
Mr. McPHERSON. I object to the consid- j
eration of that resolution.
The SPEAKER. Under the rule laid down, >
the resolution must lie over. !
Mr. HtJGMES. Then 1 ask the unanimous 1
consent of the House to withdraw the resolution. !
There being no objection, the resolution was ;
withdrawn. 1
PRESERVATION OF THE UNION BY FORCE.
Mr. PRYOR. I offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That any attempt to pieservo the Union be-
tween the State* of this Confedeiacv by loree would be
impiaeticable, and destructive ofiepublican liberty.
And I demand the previous question on its
adoption.
The previous question was seconded.
Mr. STANTON. I move to lay the resolution
on the table; and on that motion I call for the
yeas and nays.
Mr. HILL. I move that the House do now
adjourn. My object is to put a stop to all this
resolution-making business in the House,as itis
fraught with nothing but mischief. Every res-
olution on the great subject, in my judgment, is
unprofitable.
Air. H1NDMAN. Wc are ready to meet this
question.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I desire to ask my col-
league to withdraw his motion to adjourn, and
let us take the vote on this resolution now.
Mr. HILL. No, sir; I shall insist on my mo-
tion: and I will endeavor to prevent all other res-
olutions of a like character coming in, either from
one side or the other.
Mr. SHERMAN. Allow me to say to the
gentleman from Georgia that the previous ques-
tion has been already seconded, and that, there-
fore, we cannot evade a vote upon it. The mo-
tion to lay on the table is the simplest way to
dispose of it, if my colleague desires to press it.
Mr. HILL. I want all resolutions touching
the great question that is agitating the country to
take the same oomse. I do not want the House
to attempt to dispose of the question by resolu-
tion.
Mr. BINGHAM. I hope my colleague will
withdraw his motion to lay on the table.
Mr. STANTON. If the gentleman from Vir-
ginia will permit me to oiler a substitute and have
a vote taken on it, I will withdraw the motion to
lay on tin* table.
Mr. MAYNARD. If that motion be with-
drawn 1 will renew it.
Mr. IHNDMAN. I hope gentlemen will come
up and meet the question directly.
A Member. That is what we want.
Mr. 1TINDMAN. They have been talking
through their presses ami oiators about coercing
sovereign States. Now, let them come up at once
and meet the issue like men. Wc are ready for it.
A Mf.mber. Is debate in order5
The SPEAKER. It is not. The question is
on the motion to adjourn.
Mr. McCLERNAND. 1 hope the House will
not adjourn; that it will not retreat, or refuse to
meet the question.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I want to tell the gen-
tleman from Illinois, that wc arc ready to mcctit;
ready to meet it here or anywhere else. We will
not shirk it. If (he gentleman wants it now, let
it come,
Mr. HINDMAN. Let it come; wc are ready
to meet it. ([ere is the proper place to meet it.
Mr. MeCLERNAND. I am very glad to hear
gentlemen coincide with me on that point. I de-
sire that the question may be met now, and the
resolution voted on.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Is debate in or-
der ?
The SPEAKER. It is not. The question is
on the motion to adjourn.
The question was put; and the House refused
to adjourn.
Mr. McCI.ERNAND. I call for the yeas and
nays upon the motion to lay on the table.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yens 9<^, nays 55; as follows:
YE\S— Me«--js. Chaiies F. Adam5, Gieen Adams Ad-
t.uo, Ahh ieh, Allen, Babbitt, ficalo, Ihnglmm, Blair. Blake,
Btayton, r u<i<ts Buflinton. Bihlin^ame, Binnham, (-'amp-
bell, Caiey, Ca-e, Clemens Coiiav, Conkhm.', Cox, John
G. Davis, Dawr-, Duell, Edeoiton, Bitot, Ely, Ethendge,
Farn--wo) th, Fenton, L'o-tei, Fouke, French,Gooeh, Oiow,
Hale, J. iWoirnon llairis Ilatton, llehntck, Ihll, IJolman,
William Howaul, William A. Ilowaul, ffumphu y, Hutch-
ms J titikin, Francis YV. Kcllogs, Kenvon, Kilsroie, Laria-
bee, DeWitt O. Leach, Lee. Lonjrneekei. Looims. Love-
joy, Matron, (Jbailes I). Maitm, Maynaid, MeKeau, Me-
Kent\, Mcknight. Md'hei-on, Montsomeiv, Laban T.
Mooie, Ed waul Jo\ Moiik 1 kmc N. Modi--, Moi^o. X'oell,
Oim, Palmej, Pendleton, Perry, Pettit, Porter, t-iuaile^
Edwm K Reynolds, (Jlnistopher Robinson, James C. Rob-
inson, Royce, Sherman, Spanlding, Stanton, Steven--,
Stokes, Toppnn, Thayer, 1'heoker, Vance, Vandever.
Verree, Wade, Walton, Cadwalader C. Washburn, Ellihu
B. Washburne, Webster, Wilson, and VVmdom—98.
NAYS—Mp-sm. Alley, Thomas L. Andet-ort, Ashley,
Avery, Baiksdale, Bairet, Boeoek. Branch, Butch, John
B. Claik, Clopton, Cobb, John Cochiane. 'James Craig,
Ciawfoid, Curry, Curtis, Do Jarnette. Dunri, Edisinndsoiij
Florence, Gainctt, Gartrell, Hardi man, John T. Ilanid,
llmdman, Houston, Hughes, Jackson, Jenkins, Jones,
James M. Leach, Loiran, Love, Elbeit is. Mai tin, McCIpx-
nand, McRae, Sydenham Mooie. Niblaek, Peyton, Pryor,
Pugh, Riggs, Rust, Scott, Sickles, Singleton, Sptn'ner,
Thomas, Vallandigham, Wells, VVhiteley,Wnislow,Wood-
s-on, and Wiight—55.
So the resolution was laid on the table.
Before the vote was announced,
Mr. BRANCH stated that his colleagues,
Messrs. Craige and Ruffjjj, were absent from
the House in consequence of indisposition.
Mr. DAWES stated that his colleague, Mr.
Delano, was detained at his residence by sick-
ness.
Mr. GURLEY said he had paired with Mr.
Burnett, who had been called home by serious
sickness in his family; otherwise he would vote
"ay."
Mi. ETIIERIDGE stated that Messrs. Gil-
mer and Millward had paired.
Mr. HOLM AN stated that his colleague, Mr.
English, had paired with Mr. Clark B. Coch-
rane.
Mr. KUNKEL stated that he had paired with
Mr. Train, otherwise he would vote agiunst lay-
ing the resolution on the table, and for the res-
olution, if he were permitted to vote dneetly
upon it.
Mi. LOGAN said he had paired with some
gentleman upon the other side of the House; he
believed with Mr. Theaker. Having been re-
leased, however, by the friends of the gentleman
on tins question, he would vote " no."
Mr. PUGH said Ins colleague, Mr. Stall -
worth, was kept from the House by sickness.
Mr. STOUT said he had paired with Mr. Nix-
on; otherwise he would vote to lay the resolution
on the table.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM said that, under-
standing this question to involve directly the ques-
tion of4' coercion, 'Mie would vote against laying
on the table.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin, said his
colleague, Mr. Potter, had paired with Mr. Da-
ms, of Mississippi.
Mr. HILL said that, having learned that the
resolution would be modified if not laid on the
table, he would, for the present, vote in the nega-
tive, out of respect to the mover.
Mr. II. subsequently said that, inasmuch as
consent cannot be obtained to modify the resolu-
tion, he would vote for laying it on the table, as
he would in future upon all resolutions on the
same subject coming from individuals.
Mr. BINGHAM said that, inasmuch as he
could not have the opportunity of voting directly
against the resolution, he would vote for laying
it on the table.
The vote was announced as above rccoidcd.
Mr. STANTON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was laid on the table; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. HILL moved that the House adjourn.
The motion was disagreed to.
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. THEAKER, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that the committee had ex-
amined and found truly enrolled a bill for the
relief of Lieutenant George L. Hartsuff; when
the Speaker signed the same.
EXPENDITURES IN STATES AND TERRITORIES.
Mr. HUGHES. The morning hour has, I
believe, now expired.
The SPEAKER. It has.
Mr. HUGHES. I then move to suspend the
rules to enable me to offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be i equated
to report to tin-, [louse a detailed statement of the amount
ot money expended by the Government of the United States
ftom the adoption of the Constitution to the Hilth of June,
1860, m cach State of the Union and Territones fur navy-
yard<, custom-houses, court-houses, and other public build-
in^.-j; tor the impiovement ot mci^and haibor<<; for the
cons,miction of forts, arsenaN, and armonc* ; and also the
number of acies of the pubhe lands "ranted to each of the
States and Terutorie* in aid o! works or' internal improve-
ment , and. feo far as practicable, the moneyed value of the
samft at the time the grants were made.
