222
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 2,
Martin, Maynard, McClernand, McRae, Laban T. Moore,
Sydenham 'Moore, Nibiack, Pendleton, Peyton, Q.uar!es,
James C. Robinson, Snnms, Singleton, Taylor, Thomas,
Vallandiqham, Vance, Webster, and Winslow—50.
NAYS—Messrs. A drain. Aldrich, Allen, Alley. Ashley,
Babbitt, Beale, Bingham, Blair, Blake, Brayton, Bu?gs,
Buflmtoii, Builingame, Buinham, Carey, Case, Clemen*,
Colfax, Conkling,"Cox, Dawes, Edgcuoh, Eliot, Ely, Elh-
cridjje, Fenton, Fo^toi, French, Gooch, Grow, Hate, Ilel-
mick, IJmdman, Hoard, Holman, William A. Howard,
Hutchins, Junkin, Francis W. Kellogg, Kenyon, Kil«ore,
DeWitt C. Leach, Lee, Longneekei, Loomis, Lovojoy,
Marston, MeKean, MeKenty, McKnight, McPherson,
Montgomery, Edward Joy Moms, Isaac N. Morris, Noell,
Olin, Palmer, Ferry, Pettit, Porter, Edwin It. Reynolds,
Rigss* Sherman, Spauldmg, Spinner, Stanton, Stevens,
Stokes, Tappnn, Theaker, Trimble, Vandevei, Verree,
Wade, Walton, Ellibu B. Washhurne, Wells, and Wil-
son—79.
So the House refused to adjourn.
The question then recurred on the motion to
lay upon the table; and being take)), it was de-
cided in the negative—yeas 42, nays 88; as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Messrs.Thoma^ L. Anderson, Avoiy, Bark-sdal-',
liocock, Branch, John B. Cla k,Clopton, Cobb, John Coch-
rane, James Ciaiff, Crawford, Florence, Garlrell, Harde-
man, J. Morrison Ilariis, John T. Ilatus, Ilatton, Hill,
Iloiuton, Hughes, Jackson, Jones, James. M. Leach,
Charles D. Martin, Elbeit S. Mai tin, Maynaul, McRae,
Laban T. Moore, Sydenham Mooie, Noell, Pendleton, Pey-
ton, Uuarb'3, U«st, Simms, Stoke*, Thomas, Vallandigham,
Vance, Wmslow, and Wright—'1*2.
NAYS—Messrs. Adiain, Aid rich. Allen, Alley, Babbitt,
Beale, Bingham, Blair, Blake, Biajton, Biiggs, Bufiinton,
Burlingame, Burnham, Carey, Oase, Clemens, Colfax,
Conklmu, Cox, John G. Davi*, Dawes, Do Jarnette, Duell,
Dunn, Edgerton, Eliot, Ely, Etherulge, Ferry, Foster,
Foukc, French, Gooch, Grow, Helmick,Hindman, Hoard,
Holman,William Ilowaid,William A. Howaid, Humphrey,
Hutchins, Jenkins, Junkin, Francis W. Kellogg, Kenyon,
Kilgore, DeWitt C. Leach, Lee, Lougnecker, Loomis,
Lovejoy, Marston, McClernand, MeKean, McKenty, Mc-
Knlght, Mcpherson, Montgomery, Edward Joy Moms,
Isaac N. Morns, Morse, Niblaok, Ohn, Palmer, Peny,
Pettit, Porter, Ldvwn It. Reynolds, Rig<£ , James C. Robin-
son, Itoyee, Sherman, SpauUhng, Spnmei, Stanton, Ste-
vens, Tappan, Tliayer, Theaker, Trimble, Vandevei, Ver-
ree, Wade, Walton, EilihuB. Was-hbuine, and Wells—ay.
So the House refused to lay the whole .subject
upon the table.
During the vote,
Mr. CLEMENS stated that he had received a
note from General Mormiead, of Pennsylvania,
requesting to pair with hmi on strict party ques-
tions. Believing heretofore that none of these
resolutions involved party questions, he had
voted; and he would, on that ground, again vote.
He voted in the negative.
Mr. HINDMAN stated,in order that the issue
might be met directly and at onee, and differing
from those with whom ho was in the habitof act-
ing, that lie would vote in the negative.
Mr. Q.UARLES stated that Mr. Nelsont was
absent with the select committee; of thirty-three.
Mr.PEYTON stated that Mr. Stkvenson was
paired, but with whom he did not recollect.
Mr. PRYOlt, not being within the bar when
his name was called, asked leave to vote.
Mr. TUEAKER objected.
Mr. Pit YOIt would have voted in the affirma-
tive.
The vote was announced aw above recorded.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. I move that the
House do now adjourn.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope this resolution will
be disposed of to-day. Wednesday, when it will
will next come up, if we adjourn now, ought to
be devoted to the transaction of important busi-
ness of a practical character.
The question was taken; and the House re-
fused to adjourn.
The question then rccurred on seconding the
demand for the previous question.
The SPEAKER ordered telleis; and Messrs.
Spinner and Biiiggs were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 35, noes 82; no quorum voting.
Mr. HILL. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
Mr ANDERSON, of Missouri. If the motion
to adjourn be withdrawn, will it be in order to
move that the House resolve itself into a Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union?
The SPEAKER. As there is no quorum pres-
ent, if the motion to adjourn be withdrawn, it
would not be in order to move to go into com-
mittee.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope there will !,e a re-
count.
The SPEAKER. If there bo no objection,
there will be a recount.
Mr. ANDERSON, of Missouri, objected.
Mr. LOVEJOY demanded the yeas and nays
on the lesolution to adjourn.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. CONKLING. Allow me to inquire, if
the House adjourn now, will this be the first busi-
ness on Monday morning?
The SPEAKER. It will be.
Tellers were ordered on the motion to adjourn*,
and Messrs. Spinner and Briggs were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 50, noes 75.
The question rccurring on seconding the pre-
vious question, the tellers resumed their places.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 18, noes 70—no quorum voting.
Mr. SHERMAN moved that there be a call of
the House.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BARKSDALE moved that the House
adjourn.
Mr. SICKLES demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The motion to adjourn was not agreed to.
The roll of the House was then called, when
the following members failed to answer to their
names:
Messrs. Charles F, Adams, William C. Andeison, Ash-
more, Bair, Bauet, Bonham, Boteler, Bouhgny, Boycc,
Brabson, Bartow, Blown, Burch, Burnett, Butterfield,
Campbell, Carter, Horace F. Clark, Clopton, Clark B.Coch-
lane, Corwm, Covode, James Craig, BurtonCraige,Curry,
Curtis., Davidson, H. Winter Davis, Delano, Dimnnck,
Dunn, Edmundson, Edwards, English, Ferry, Frank, Gil-
mci, Graham, Hall, Hamilton, Haskin, Hawkins, Hick-
man, Humphrey, Iivmo, Keitt, Wdliam Kellogg, KUlin-
ger, Kunkcl, Lamar, Laitdrum, Leake, Maelav, Mallory,
McCiueen, Miles, Mtllson, Milhvard, Sydenham Mooie,
Mooihead, Morrill, Nel.-on, Nixon, Phelps, Potter, Pottle,
Pugh, Reagan, John H. Reynolds, Rice, Christopher ltob-
in-on, Ratlin, Scott, Seranton, Sedgwick, William Smith,
William N. H. Smith, Somes, Stalhvoith, Stevenson,
James A. Stewait, William Stewart, Stout, Stratton,
Tompkins, Tidin, Undeiwood, Van Wyck, Waldron, ('ad-
walader C. Washbmn, Krael Washburn, Whitelcy, Wm-
dom, Window, Wood, Wooduiff, and Woodson.
The SPEAKER. The doors will now be closed,
and the roll of absentees will be called for ex-
cuses.
Mr. STANTON. I do trust we are not to be
disciplined at this stage of the session—the day
befoie New Yeai, only a fair quorum of mem-
beis in the city, and when business can be pre-
vented by any half dozen members. This is an
inopportune time to discipline the House by a call
of the House. As to the matter pending, it is of
no consequence whether we have vote upon it
now or not. Therefore, I move that the House
do now adjourn.
Mr. MOIUUS, of Illinois. I hope we will not
adjourn, f hope we shall show one day of earnest
effort for the transaction of public business.
The motion was agreed to*, and thereupon the
House (at three o'clock, p. m.) adjourned until
Wednesday next.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, January 2, 1861.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Gurley.
The Journal of Monday last was read and
approved.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIAL.
Mr. HUNTER. I ask leave to present a peti-
tion of importers of hardware m the city of New
York ngainstthc pending tariff bill, also petitions
from importers of hardware in St. Louis, Mis-
souri; Richmond, Viigmiu; Chicago, Illinois;
Milwaukee, Wisconsin; New Haven, Connecti-
cut; Baltimore, Maryland; and Detroit, Michigan.
As that bill is no longer before the Committer on
Finance, but is on the table, I ask that these peti-
tions may lie on the table.
The petitions were ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. BIGLER presented the memorial of Dr.
Isaac J. Hayes, now on a voyage of discovery in
the Arctic seas, praying for a change of name of
tiie schoonei Sprmgllill to United States; which
was refoned to the Committee on Commerce.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. DAYIS, from the Committee on Military
Affairs and Militia, to whom was referred the
petition of W. L. S. Desiring, praying payment
for furnishing norses and equipage for a company
of Tennessee volunteers for the Florida war, ki
1837, asked to be discharged from its further con-
sideration, as the Committee on Claims had form-
erly reported on the case: which was agreed to.
Mr. FOOT. I move that the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred the adverse report
of the Court of Claims on the claim of Samuel
Norris, be discharged from its further considera-
tion, and that it be referred to the Committee on
Indian Affairs; it coming more strictly within the
jurisdiction of the latter committee.
The motion was agreed to.
FORTS AND ARSENALS IN THE STATES.
Mr. HUNTER. I ask the consent of the Sen-
ate to offer a resolution. 1 do not propose to call
it up now for consideration. I only ask that it be
read for information.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Whereas ceitain forts, magazines, ai&enals,dock-yards,
and other needful buildings, have been placed under the
•exclusive jurisdiction of the United States by a cession to
that effect fioin certain States, and it may be the desire of
one ot more of those State? to resume the jurisdiction thus
ceded: Now, therefoie,
Be it resolved, That the President of the United States
ought to be authorized by law, upon the application of the
Legislature, or of a regular convention ot the people, of any
such States, to retiocede this jurisdiction to such States,
upon taking proper -ccuntj toi the.-atc-keepingand return
or all th" property of the United State*, or for paying for
the value of the tame it destroyed or mimed by the act of
any of the Slates making such application.
The resolution lies over, under the rules.
TERRITORY OF ARIZUMA.
Mr. GREEN. I ask an order of the Senate
to reprint Senate bill No. 365, with amendments
adopted, so that we may have it in its corrected
shape.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Fitzpat-
rick in the chair,) The Senator from Missouri
moves to reprint bill S. No. 365, to provide a
temporary government for the Territory of Ari-
zuma, and to create the olEce of surveyor general
therein.
The motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM TIIE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representativevs,
by Mr. Hayes, Chief Clerk, announced that the
House had ordered the printing of the following
documents, on Monday, December 31, 1860:
Letter from the Secretary of War, in reference
to the policy of granting acceptances of that De-
partment to mail contractors across the plains—
ordered at twelve o'clock and thirty minutes.
Letter from the Secretary of War, communi-
cating estimates for the publication of Manual for
Parades and Reviews—ordered at twelve o'clock
and thirty-two minutes.
Letter from the Secretary of War, transmitting
an estimate for the construction of certain con-
veniences to the Winder Building—ordered at
twelve o'clock and thirty-thiee minutes.
Memorial and constitution of the people of the
Territory of Utah, asking admission into the
Union—ordered at twelve o'clock and thirty-four
minutes.
COMMITTEE SERVICE.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I had the honor,Mr.
President, to be placcd at the head of the Com-
mittee on Revolutionary Claims. I do not feel
able to attend to its duties. I have served a long
while on the committee; but I have been unable
at this session, owing to the pressure of other en-
gagements, to do any duty as chairman of the
Revolutionary Claims Committee, I hope I am
not showing any disposition to ask undue favors
when I ask'the Senate to excuse me from service
on that committee.
The question being put, Mr. Crittenden" was
excused.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. LANE. I move to take up the bill (S.
No. 322) reported by the Committee on Military
Affairs, to complete certain military roads in the
Territory of New Mexico.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I apprehend that it will
take some time to dispose of the bill. There is
a question pending, upon which we adjourned
last Monday, on which* the Senator from Oregon
[Mr. Baker] has the floor; and I think it hardly
worth while to take up a bill of this character at
this hour.
Mr. LANE. I think we can get through with
it in the morning hour. This is a bill that was
well considered by the Committee on Military
