T1IE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 25,
, 4 Mi*'. CLARK. He has done, it since I spoke;
■ and,- L will tell you what he said. •
Mr. FESSENDEN. If there-is anything more,
f (}<> not,know what it is; and if there is, it is
nothing more than maltingout vouchers, certainly,
• because, if wo may trust the Light-house Board,
th.ey do everything in relation to these purchases.
"There is. a distinction between the cases, and it is
evident to me that for simply paying over money
for contracts made by others, and purchases made
i by others,and responsibilities assumed by others,
$12j000is quite enough. My judgment is, that he
ought to be obliged to pay that back, if he could
-be compelled to pay it back. That is my opinion.
■ I looked at the decision; I looked at the law.
I do not mean to go over an argument; but I ex-
amined the case to my own satisfaction, and came
to the conclusion, as a lawyer, that he did not
come within the decision on which he founds his
claim. It was a mistake of Secretary Cobb ever
ta suppose that he did. As to his conduct in re-
lation to paying over this money, and not stand-
ing out and keeping it back in his own hands,
and subjecting himself to a lawsuit, as he was
going out of the country, he acted like an upright,
an honorable, and an honest man, as I believe him
to be, and a gentleman. I think highly of him as
a man, so far as I know anything about him; and
as an officer, I am willing to give him all credit;
but I am not willing that the Government should
pay him, as it did, his $G,400 a year, and then
pay him $12,000 additional for just receiving this
money and paying it over, and then $9,000 more
on that.
Mr. CLARK. I have no doubt the Senator
from Maryland and the Senator from Maine have
both unintentionally fallen into a mistake in re-
gard to this matter. -1 desire to say that the col-
lector of customs performed all the duties as
superintendent of lights within his own district
free of charge. These are charges for services
performed out of his district. The Senator from
Maine knows this gentleman as well as I do. He
knows that he is a "man on whom every reliance
can be placed. I stated in the Senate not an hour
ago 
Mr. FESSENDEN. I know nothing of him
except from reputation, and that is what I have
stated.
Mr. CLARK. I will take the reputation tin-
"■Senator from Maine has just passed upon. I
stated here, half an hour ago, in the Senate, that
he executed these contracts. I state it, now. The
Senator fiom Maryland thought he did not. Mr.
Peaslee is in the Senate, and since 1 made that
declaration, he assures me it is entirely true that
he did execute the contracts.
Mr.FESSENDEN. Did he make them? Did
he draft them?
Mr. CLARK. No, sir.
Mr. FESSENDEN. They were drawn and
sent to him.
Mr. CLARK. They were drawn and sent to
him, and he was made the responsible party to
them
Mr. FESSENDEN. Merely to sign.
Mr. PEA.RCE. How to execute?
Mr. CLA.RK. To sign the contract; that is
what I call the execution of a contract.
Mr. FESS1CNDISN. Is his name to them?
Mr. CLARK. 1 did not mean the mere draft-
ing the contracts. I said they wore sent to him,
and he sometimes sent them back to be corrected
Mr. FESSENDEN. Is Mr. Peaslee's name
attached to them ?
Mr. CLARK.. I understand so. I have a letter
from his deputy saying that he executed these
contracts, in my hand here.
Mr. FESSENDEN. lie is not responsible for
them. They arc merely sent to him to be exe-
cuted.
Mr. PEARCE. The difference between us
probably is this: the secretary of the Light-house
Board infoimed me that he did witness the execu-
tion of these papers, he certifying the papers.
They were executed in his presence; but that is
notthe execution of the contracts. The contracts
of the Light-house Board are made and prepared
in their uilice. They are executed by the parly,
1 understand, in the presence of the collector, who
certifies that they are executed; that is what the
Senator calls executing them; for certainly in no
other sense could he execute them. He cannot
be made a party to them; the law does not author-
ize him. The Light-house Board make a contract
on the partof theXJnited States; the collector wit-
nesses the execution'by the contractors; and that
is what the Senator means, I suppose.
Mr. CLARK. I am sorry to be in disagree-
ment with the Senator from Maryland; but I have
the distinct statement of the collector that he did
execute these contracts; and I have here a letter
from another gentleman, who was his deputy at
the same time, in which he says thaPthey were
" executed on the part of the Government by the
collector," I think the Senator from Maryland
will say that these two men best know who exe-
cuted the contracts. I think, when it comes di-
rectly to the practice of the Light-house Board,
the statement of these men is to be taken, that
they did execute it; and now I ask the Senator
from Maine, and I ask the Senator from Mary-
land, if they want to impose the responsibility of
executing these contracts and disbursing this
money, on this man, under the decision of the
court, and then refuse him his pay?
Mr. FESSENDEN. If the Senator has put a
question to me, I will answer.
Mr. CLARK. I did not put any question.
Mr. FESSENDEN. You asked the Senator
from Maine if he wanted to do a certain thing,
and I was about to answer.
Mr. CLARK. I put the statement in that way;
but if the gentleman wishes to answer, very well.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I say the manner in
which he executed them, if you choose to use
that term, imposed on him not the slightest de-
gree of responsibility.
Mr. CLARK. 1 have to reply to that, that Mr.
Peaslee came into office in 1853, and went out of
officc in 1857; and the suit against Greely was not
brought until 1857, after it was known perfectly
to the Government what Mr. Peaslee did, and
that, understanding his whole duties, knowing
what he claimed, and after he had gone out of
office, when this suit was pending, the Govern-
ment said to him, if that suit should result in fa-
vor of Mr. Greely, he should receive his money
back.
Mi. PEARCE. The Secretary of the Treasury
—not the Government.
Mr. CLARK". I speak of the officers of the
Government, of course.
Mr. PEARCE. No could not bind the Gov-
ernment.
Mr. CLARK. 1 speak of the officers of the
Government, who were acting for the Govern-
ment, and who were dealing with Mr. Peaslee in
this matter. Now, so far from it having been true
that Mr. Peaslee did not perform these merito-
rious services for the Government, m addition to
them he disbursed all the funds for building the
marine hospital m the port of Boston, within his
district, for which he rnade no charge.
Mr. PEARCE. The law did not allow any.
Mr. CLARK. It was not a duty which he was
hound to do; he assumed it voluntarily for the
Government. More than that: he purchased the
furniture for the marine hospital at San Francisco,
shipped and sent it there without any chargc, at
the request of the Government; and now, when
he asks to be paid, under this decision of the court,
after he has paid in his money, the Government
is caviling about it. I think he has a clear case,
m which this money ought to be paid. The Sec-
retary lias estimated for it. The House of Rep-
resentatives have passed it, and allowed him the
money; and I hope the Senate will not strike it
out. £ do not want to detain the Senate, for it is
getting late.
Mr. NICHOLSON. I shall detain the Senate
on this question but a very few moments. I have
examined this cade of Greely which has been re-
ferred to, and I confess I am surprised that the
Senator from Maine and the Senator from Mary-
land have come to the conclusion that they have:
that it is not a case in point here. If it is not, I
think it will be difficult to find one case that would
be a precedent in another. The portion of this
case read by the Senator from Maryland is what
the defendant otfered to prove upon his plea of
set-off.
The court, in giving the opinion, did not put it
upon the ground that any services such as are
recited m this plea constituted the foundation of
j the claim, but placed it entirely upon the con-
j struotion of the law granting commissions of two
i and a half per cent, for disbursing the funds, and
they have construed the statutes from 1822down
to 1853, a year after the Light-house Board act
was passed. Now, the Senator from Maryland
supposes that the Supreme Court did not consider
this act. In the latter portion of the case from
that read by the Senator from New Hampshire,
they go on and state the acts which they have con-
strued. On page 473 they say:
"The same provisions are contained in the appropria-
tion acts ot J85'2, (9 fcstat., 608.) 1852, (10 Stat.«bG,) and
1853,(10 Stat., 200.)"
That comes down to a year after the Light-
house Board act was passed. The Court pro-
ceeded to draw their inferences from their exam-
ination of these statutes; and it seems to me to be
conclusive on this case.
"The just and fair inference from these acts of Congress,
taken together, is, that no discretion is lelt to the head of a
Department to allow an officer who has a fixed compensa-
tion any credit beyond his salaiy, unless the service he has
performed is required by existing laws, and the lemnnera-
tion for them fixed by law. It was undoubtedly within the
power of the Department to order this collector, and eveiy
other collector m the Union, to purchase the article le-
quired for light-house purposes In then lespective dis-
tricts, and to make the necessary disbuisements theiefoi."
That is what Mr. Peaslee did without any
compensation in his-own district.
Mr. BRAGG. That is denied.
Mr. NICHOLSON. No, sir:
" And for such service lie would be entitled to no com-
pensation beyond his salaiy as eollecioi, if that salaiy ex-
ceeded $2,500 a year."
This is in one district; but gentlemen seem to
forget that Mr. Peaslee was superintendent of
public lights for more districts than his own, and
it is for disbursements outside qf his own district
that the law gives him this claim on the Govern-
ment. Now, listen:
" Bat the Socretmy was not bound to intiust this service
to the seveial collectors. He had a right, if he supposed
the public interest requued it, to have the whole service
perlouned by a single agent; foi while the Jaw ntuhoi izcs.
him to exact this service from the several collector, it at
the same tune evidently authorizes hun to commit the
whole to an agent, or agents, other than the collectors, by
leguiating the commisbion which an agent shall receive,
and appiopriating money for payment of eomnii-Mons of
two and a half pei cent, upon the whole amount auihouzed
to be expended in the service. And as the colleetois would
by law tie entitled in some cn^es to nothing, and in othen
to the small Mim above mentioned, if the seivice wa< pei-
toimed by them in their respective diatncts, it is very clear,
itom tin' commit->ionrf allowed, and the appioprmtions to
pay them, that lie was atlibeitvtocmploy adiiieientagency,
and pay the commissions given by the law whenevei he
supposed the public would be better sei ved bj this anange-
ment.
li And the case, as assumed in the record, is precisely
that ease. TheSecietary had nought, under the laws upon
this subjt ct, to order this 01 any other collector to perfoim
this dutj for all the light-house and collection distucts."
That is the point in the case.
"The law has divided it anion? them, and the executive
department had no right to impose it upon one. But he had
a right, as we have saidj to employ an agent instead of the
collector or collectors ot the seveial di&tncts ; and if he did
employ one, the law fixed the compensation and appro-
puated the money to pay it. He was not lot bidden to em-
ploy a revenue olficer for this puiposc ; and, so lai as Ins
seivices weie perfoimed for othei district", he stood in the
same relation to the Governmental any other agent."
Now, the fact is, that Mr. Peaslee performed
these services in his own district without com-
pensation. Outside of his district, he wa's ap-
pointed as superintendent of lights; and under the
law and under this decision, he is entitled to com-
pensation for disbursements, at two and a half
percent. It is upon this decision that the De-
partment has recommended it; and I think the
case makes out a distinct liability on the part of
the Government that we cannot get over.
Mr. CLARK. I omitted to state that the ac-
counts of Mr. Peaslee had been adjusted and
allowed at the Treasury Department. I have a
copy of the report of the First Auditor, which I
will send to the Secretary to have read.
The Secretary read, as follows;
T k kasi'ry Dtp a rtm e nt ,
First Auditor's Office, Jlprxl JiO, i860.
[No. 137268.]
1 hereby certify that I have examined and adpi«ted the
account between the United States and Chailes II. reaslec,
late superintendent of lights for tiie distuet of Boston and
Charle>town, Massachusetts, and find that the sum of
$21,339 £4i« due from the United States to him tor commis-
sions, at two and a half per centum, on £Pr>3,o69 96, being
the amount of moneys disbursed by him on account of the
light-house establishment oulsidc of the distuet of Boston
and Chailestowii from April 1, 1833, to Apiil 1, 18o7, al-
lowed in pursuance of the decision of the Supreme Com t of
the UnifedStates, December term,1858. m the case of.fames
C. Converse, administrator otThilip Gteely, jr., deceased,
plaintiff in error, vs. The United States, and a? dueoted by
tiie Secretary of the Tieasury, under date of Apiil 7. I860,
