224
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 2.
J
AMENDMENTS TO THE CONSTITUTION.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the joint resolution
(S, No. 48) introduced by Mr. Johnson, of Ten-
nessee, proposing amerfdments to theConstitution
of the United States.
Mr. BAKER. Mr. President, the adventurous
traveler who wanders on the slopes of the Pacific,
and on the very verge of civilization, stands awe-
struck and astonished in that great chasm formed
by the torrent of the Columbia, as, rushing be-
tween Mount Hood and Mount St. Helen's, it
"breaks through the ridges of the Cascade mount-
ains to find the sea. Nor is his wonder lessened
•when he hears his slightest tone repeated and re-
cchoed with a larger utterance in reverberations
that lose themselves at last amid the surround-
ing and distant hills. So X, standing on this spot,
and speaking for the first time in this Chamber,
reflect with astonishment that my feeblest word
is reechoed, even while I spcnk,to the confinesof
the Republic. 1 trust, sir, that in so speaking, in
the midst of such an auditory, and in the presence
of great events, I may remember all the respons-
ibility these impose upon me to perform my duty
to the Constitution of the United States, which I
have sworn to support, and to be in no wise for-
getful of my obligation to the whole country, of
which I am a devoted and affectionate son.
It is my purpose to reply, as I may, to the
speech of the honorable and distinguished Senator
from the State of Louisiana. I do so because it
is, in my judgment at least, the ablest speech
■which I have heard, perhaps the ablest I shall
hear, upon that side of the question, and in that
view of the subject; because it is respectful m
tone and elevated in manner; and because, while
it will be my fortune to differ from him upon
many, nay, most of the points to which he has
addressed himself, it is not, 1 tiust, inappropiiate
for me to say that much of what lie has said,and
the manner in which he haw said it, has tended to
increase the personal respect—nay, I may say tin'
admiration—which I have learned to feel for him.
And yet, sir, while I say this, I am reminded of
the saying of a great man—Dr. Johnson, I be-
lieve—who, when he was asked for his critical
opinion upon a book just then published, and
which was making a great sensation in London,
said: " Sir, the fellow who has written that, has
done very well what nobody ought ever to do at
all."
The entire object of the speech is, as I under-
stand it, to offer a philosophical and constitu-
tional disquisition to prove that the Government
of these United States is, in point of fact, no Gov-
ernment at all; that it has no principle of vitality;
that it is to be overturned by a touch; dwindled
into insignificance by a doubt; dissolved by a
breath; not by maladministration merely, but in
consequence of organic defects, interwoven with
its veiy existence
[hit, sir, this purpose—strange and mournful in
anybody, still more so in him—this purpose has
a to nf>le significance nowandheie. In the judg-
ment of the honorable Senator, the Union is this
day dissolved; it is broken and disintegrated;
ciwl war is a consequence at once necessary and
inevitable Standing m the Senate Chamber, he
speaks like a prophet of woe. The burden of the
prediction i^ the echo of wh.it the distinguished
gentleman now presiding in that chair has said
before—[Mr. Iverson in the chair]—"Too late !
too late !'' The gleaming and lurid lights of war
flash around his brow, even while he speaks.
And, sir, if it were not for the exquisite amenity
of his tone and his manner, we could easily per-
suade ourselves that we saw the flashing of the
atmor of the soldier beneath the robe of the Sen-
ator.
My purpose is far diiFeient; sir, I think it is
far higher. I desire to contribute my poor argu-
ment to maintain the dignity, the honor of tiie
Government under which I live, and beneath
whose august shadow I hope to die. I propose,
in opposition to all that has been said, to show
that the Government of the United States is in
very deed a real, substantial Power, ordained by
the people, not dependent upon States; sovereign
in its sphere; a Union, and not a compact between
sovereign States; that aceoidmg to its ti ue theory,
it lias the inherent capacity of self-protection;
that its Constitution is a perpetuity, beneficent,
unfailing, grand; and that its powers are equally
capablc of exercise against domestic treason and
against foreign foes. Such, sir, is the main pur-
pose of my speech; and what I may say addi-
tional to this, will be drawn from me in reply to
the speech to which I propose now to address
myself.
Sir, the argument of the honorable Senator from
Louisiana is addressed first—I will not say main-
ly—to establish the proposition that the State of
South Carolina, having, as he says, seceded, has
seceded from this Union rightfully; and,sir, just
here he says one thing, at least, which meets my
hearty approval and acquiescence. Pie says he
does not deem it—such is the substance of the
remark—unwise or improper to argue the right
of the case even now and here. In this I agree
with him most heartily. Right and duty are al-
ways majestic ideas. They march an invisible
guard in the van of all true progress; they animate
the loftiest spirit in the public assemblies; they
nerve the arm of the warrior; they kindle the soul
of the statesman, and the imagination of the poet;
they sweeten eveiy reward; they console every
defeat. Sir, they are of themselves an indisso-
luble chain, which binds feeble, erring humanity
to the eternal throne of God. I meet the dis-
cussion in that spirit. I defer to that authority.
I observe, sir, first, that the argument of the gen-
tleman, from beginning to end, is based upon the
assumption that the Constitution of the United
States is a compact between sovereign States. 1
think I in no sense misapprehend it; I am sure
such cannot he my desire. I understand him,
throughout the whole tone of his speech, to main-
tain that proposition—1 lepeatit—that the Con-
stitution of the United States is a compact between
sovereign States. Aigumg from thence, he arrives
at the conclusion that, being so, a compact, when
broken by either of the other States, or by the
General Government, the creatine of the Consti-
tution , South Carolina or Louisiana may treat the
compact as broken, the contract as i^scmded; may
withdraw peacefully from the Union, and resume
her original condition.
I remark next, that this proposition is in no
wise new: and perhaps for that, as it is a con-
stitutional proposition, it is all the better; and
again, the argument by which the honorable Sen-
ator seeks to maintain it js in no wise new in any
of its parts. I have examined with some care the
aiguments hitherto made by great men, the echoes
of whose eloquence yet linger under this dome;
and I find that the proposition, the argument, the
authority, the illustiation, are but a repetition of
the famous discussion led olfby Mr. Calhoun, and
growing out of the attempt of South Carolina to do
before what she says she has done now.
if the proposition is not new, and if the argu-
ments are not strange, it will not be wonderful if
the replies paitako of the like character. I deny,
as Mr. Wi bster denied; I deny, as Mr. Madison
denied; I deny, as General Jackson denied, that
this Union is a compact between sovereign States
at all; and so denying, 1 meet just here the au-
thorities which the honoiable Senator has chosen
to quote. They are substantially, as follows:
first, not the Constitution itself, (and that is re-
markable;) second, not the arguments made by
the great expounders of the Constitution directly
upon this question, and on this floor; but mainly
fugitive expressions, sometimes hasty, not always
considered, upon propositions not germane to the
controversy now engaging us to-day; and when
made, if misappiehended, corrected again and
again in after years. To lllustiate: the gentleman
from Louisiana has quoted at considerable length
from the debates in tne convention which formed
the FVdetal Constitution; he has quoted the opin-
ions of Mr. Madison, and to those who ha-ve not
looked into the question, it might appear as if
those opinions were really m support of liis piop-
osition that this is a compact between sovereign
States. Now, sir, to show that that is in no sense
so, I will read, as a reply to the entire quotations
of the opinions of Mr. Aladison, what Mr. Mad-
ison himself said upon that subject upon the full-
est consideration m the woild. 1 proceed to read
what I suppose to be at once argument and au- |
thority upon thatquestion—I read theletterofMr.
Madison to Mr. Webster, dated March 15, 1633.
Air. TRUMBULL redd, as follows:
Montpelier, March lo, 1833.
My deaf. Sir : I return my thanks for the copy of your
late very power!ul speech in the Senate of the United
States. It crushes "nullification" and must hasten an
abandonment of " secession.'1 But this dodges the blow, by
confounding the claim to secede atwilj with the right of
seceding from intolerable oppression. The former answers
itself, being a violation without cause of a faith solemnly
pledged. The latter is another name only for levolution,
about which there is no theoretic controversy. Its double
aspect, nevertheless, with the countenance received from
certain quaiteis, is giving it a popular euireney here which
may influence the appioachmg elections both for Congress
and for the State Legislature. It has gamed some advant-
age, also, by mixing itscit with the question whether the
Constitution of the United States was formed by the peo-
ple oi by the States, now under a theoretic discussion by
animated paitisans.
It 1$ foi lunate when disputed theories can be dccided by
undisputed lacts ; and here the undisputed fact is, that the
Constitution was made by the people, but as embodied into
the several States who weie panics to it, and, therefore,
made by the States in their highest authoutative capacity.
They might, by the same authority and by the same pro-
cess, have conveited the Confederacy into a mere league
or treaty, or continued it with enlaiged or abridged powers,
or have embodied the people of their respective States into
one people, nation, or sovereignty; or, as they did, by a
mixed form, make them one people, nation,or sovereignty
for ceitam purposes, and not so for others.
The Constitution of the United States, being established
by a competent authority, by that of the soveicign people
of the seveial States who weie paities to it,it lemamsonly
to inquire what the Constitution is ; and here it speaks for
itself It organizes a goveinmentinto the u-ual legislative,
executive, and judiciary departments; it invests it with
specified powers, leaving others to the parties to the Con-
stitution. it makes the Government like olhei Governments
to opeiate directly on the people; places at its command
the needful physical means of executing its powers ; and
finally pioelaims its supremacy, and that of the laws made
m pursuance of it, over the constitutions and laws of the
Slates, the powers of the Government being exeicised, as
m other elective and responsible Government^, under the
contiol of its constituents, the people and the Legislatuies
of the States, and subject to the revolutionary rights of the
people, in extreme canes.
Such is the Constitution of the United Stateso'cjureartd
tie facto, and the name, whatever it be, that may be given
to it can make it nothing more oi less than what it is.
Paulon this hasty effusion, which, whether pieoisuly ac-
coidmg or not with your ideas, picsents, I am aware, none
that will be new to you.
With great esteem and eoidial salutations
JAMES MADISON.
To Mi. Webstfr.
Mr. BAKER. Mr. President, I submit to the
candor of the Senator from Louisiana that that is
distinct, positive, unequivocal authority to show
that so far as the opinions of Mr. Madison were
concerned, he did not believe that the Constitu-
tion of the United States was a compact between
sovereign States; but that he did believe it was a
form of Government ordained by the people of
the United States.
Again: Mr. Webster is quoted. I gxpeeted,
when I heard Mr. Webster named, to find that
the honorable Senator would allude to the great
discussion which his genius has rendered immor-
tal. He does not do that; but refers specifically
to a passage of Mr. Webster's in an argument in
the Supreme Court, I believe, upon a question
arising as to boundary between Massachusetts
and Rhode Island.
Mr. BENJAMIN. If the Senator will permit
me, he is mistaken. The question that arose theie
was in relation to the power of the people of
Rhode Island to constitute a new government, not
a question of boundary. I allude to his argument
in the celebrated Don* controversy.
Mr. BAKER. I feel obliged to the Senator for
his correction; and I beg leave to say that the
mistake perhaps is not a voiy unnatuial one in
me, living so many thousand miles away; for,
really, Rhode Island, though very patriotic, is so
very small that 1 do not quite keep up with her
history as T ought. It is no sort of difference
whether Mr. Webster made the speech on a boun-
dary question or on a rebellion question; the speech
was made. My criticism upon the quotation is
this: it has no relation whatever to the controversy
now here, or if it has, it is so remote and indis-
tinct that it becomes him and me alike to refer to
what Mi. Webster really did say diiectly upon the
controversy itself. jSrow I take the liberty of read-
ing Mr. Webster's views as expressed and con-
densed by himself. I read from Mr. Webster's
works, volume three, page 404:
And now, sn, against all these theories and opinions,
I maintain—
" 1. Thai the Constitution «>f the United States h not a
leayuc, eonfndeiaey. oi compact between the people of the
several States in their soveieurn capacities ; but a Govern-
ment psupei, founded on the adoption oi the p'oplo, and
cr''utiuir doe< t relation^ between itseii and individuals.
'l2. That no State autiionty has powei to devolve these
lelations ; that nothing can di ^Olve them but levolutiou ;
and ihat consequent^ there can be no Buch thing as reces-
sion without revolution
" 3. That there is a supreme law, consisting of the Con-
