THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 25.
resenting, as Ido, one of,the weaker States, I am
liot -willing- to see sueh an amendment adopted
to-night.
Sir., if our present rule is continued, I think it
will be found that Arkansas will be among those
having the largest fractions. It will be found that
the fraction which belongs to ray own State is
very large.. Arkansas has more than doubled its
population, and yet receives no accession but one
m us representation. I do not like it. If that
fraction is ta begobbled up by a bigger State, and
that bigger State is the State of Maryland, I do
«ot;like it. It is not fair; and I do not believe
that the Senate will adopt it. 1 do not think it is
right. The population of the State I represent
here has more than doubled since 1850, and she
is now entitled to more than double the repre-
sentation on the floorof the House of Represent-
atives, when this apportionment and this census
shall be carried into operation. It cannot be car-
ried into operation until the next Congress; and
yet I know full well that my State will have the
benefit of being double in its population, it will
not have the benefit of having its representation
increased in proportion. I think, therefore, this
rule, having been made at first, should be adhered
to to the last, and there should be no change made
in it in order to suit some of the strong and pow-
erful States.
Now, this is the position in which I find myself
here, representing my own State. My represent-
ative position with you will be very short; it is
limited to ail hour; but, in that space of time, 1
do not wish to see my State curtailed. Now,
will Senators agree by changing the regulation as
to fractions, that there shall be transferred a rep-
resentation to one member of the House of Rep-
resentatives from one State to another? I know,
if it is done, that increased representation will
be obtained by a State that is not entitled to it by
the regular rule that has existed heretofore. Such
must be the result, if we agree to the alteration
and change that is now proposed to be made in
the present law. 1 do not believe that such a
change can be made. In this state of the case,
and with this feeling, I protest that Senators shall
not change the rule to suit the strong, and to pros-
trate the weak.
Mr. KENNEDY. I am entirely certain that
if my honored and distinguished friend from Ark-
ansas understood this case, he would not have
made the remarks he has done. I am sure he
entirely misapprehends the effect of the amend-
ment offered by my colleague. 1 am entirely sure
that lie is one of the very last members of the Sen-
ate who would be willing, in any possible state of
the case, to put the minority States, as tliey now
stand, in a worse position than they are. The
State of Maryland is asking you simply to adopt
a rule that will apply equally to the States of the
North, and which does not decrease her repre-
sentation here. So far as the effect of the amend-
ment offered by my honorable colleague operates
upon the representation of the Slate of Maryland,
I leave for him to explain, who, I am perfectly
sure, can enlighten my friend from Arkansas very
much better than I can. It has exactly the oppo-
site effect, as I understand it, from the views that
my friend from Arkansas has submitted, and I
trust that he will not continue his opposition to
this amendment.
Mr. PEARCE. I desire to say only this: sev-
eral fractions will be represented m the House of
Representatives under the law as it stands, en-
acted in 1850. The operation of my amendment
is to increase the number of members in the
House by the addition of five, which brings i t up
to its present number—two hundred and thirty-
three being the number in 1850. Now, this in-
crease will represent five more fractions, and those
fractions will bedivided, asl said before, between
New York, Illinois, Maryland, South Carolina,
and Kentucky. Two additional members, by the
operation of the amendment, will be given to two
large States; three additional members will be
given to three of the smaller States; but in no
single case dues it diminish the rate of lepresent-
ation of any one of the States of the Union, large
or small. It does not diminish the representation
of Arkansas, or that of any other State; but sim-
ply gives five additional members for the large
fractions found in New York, Illinois, Maryland,
South Carolina, and Kentucky.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I should like
to ask the Senator a question, and it is this:
whether, in contemplating these fractions, the
fraction which belongs to the State of Arkansas
is entirely excluded? "Will he tell me how small
that fraction is, that it has no consideration ? I
believe it to be largely over one half what would
entitle us to a Representative.
Mr. PEARCE. The Senator is mistaken. If
it is so much as that, she gets a Representative for
it. Every State that has a fraction over a half will
get a Representative for it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I am exceedingly sorry
to have this proposition introduced at this stage;
for the chairman of the committee must perceive
that by it he imperils the bill, as we are going to
have a long debate upon it. It is simply# prop-
osition, because certain States happen to have
large fractions, to increase the number of mem-
bers of the House of Representatives, by which
they may get an additional Representative. My
idea is, that we must take our luck as it comes
along with reference to those tilings; and it is
hardly worth while to change the number fixed
by law on great considerations, simply because it
happens that some States will have the advan-
tage of it. I have no objection to its going one
way or the other. I hope we shall adhere to the
rule we have adopted, and take the law as it is.
At all events, I hope we shall not endeavor to
change it by putting, at this hour of the night, on
an appropriation bill, legislation of this import-
ance. Certainly, it would want to be considered
with great care. It comes upon us by entire sur-
prise. Senators have had no chance to look into
it in any shape or form. It ought to be referred
to a committee, and considered carefully before
it is adopted; certainly, when we change a well-
considered system, or attempt to change it in this
way. I hope, therefore, that it will be rejected
by the Senate.
Mr. POWELL. I move that the Senate ad-
journ; and upon that I demand the yeas and nays.
Mr. FESSENDEN. We can dispose of this
bill in a short time.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. KENNEDY. I ask for the yeas and nays
on the motion.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senate have just
refused to order the yeas and nays.
The PRESIDING OFFICER put the question,
and declared that the motion was not agreed to.
Mr. POWELL. There is no quorum voting.
Mr. KENNEDY. Is it not competent that I
should ask for the yeas and nays at any time?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
state to the Senator that the yeas and nays were
demanded, and refused. The question is on the
amendment of the Senator from Maryland.
The question being put, there were on a divis-
ion—ayes 11, noes 20; no quorum voting.
Mr. KENNEDY. I move that the Senate do
now adjourn. ["Oh,no!"J
Mr. POWELL. I ask my frienj from Mary-
land to withdraw that motion. I move that the
Seigeant-at-Armsbe ordered to go for absent Sen-
ators. We have been here for four hours with-
out a quorum, I believe, except for a few moments
at a time.
Mr. KENNEDY. I do not withdraw my mo-
tion.
The Senate refused to adjourn; there being, on
a division—ayes 5, noes S29.
Mr. POWELL. If the Senate is to sit here
until daylight, without a quorum to do business,
I think it very hard upon those who are to sit in
their seats and desire to do the business of the
country. I now renew my motion that the Ser-
geant-at-Arms be directed to go for absent Sena-
tors.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I ask for the yeas and
nays on the amendment which was offered. There
is a quorum here, if Senators will vote.
Mr. POWELL. If my fiiend from Illinois will
allow me, it was tried, and there was no quorum
here.
Mr. TRUMBULL. They did not vote. Ifwe
have the yeas and nays, and Senators will vote,
we shall have a quorum.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Illinois asks for the yeas and nays on the
amendment of the Senator from Maryland.
Mr. HALE. I think the motion of the Sena-
tor from Kentucky is in order; but I was going to
suggest to the Senator, if he will allow me 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understood the Senator from Kentucky to with-
draw the motion for the purpose of having the
yeas and nays on the amendment.
Mr. POWELL. No, sir; I did not withdraw it.
Mr. HALE. I want to suggest to my friend
from Kentucky, that the form in which he puts
it is more peremptory than the Senate is in the
habit of doing. The ordinary message that the
Senate sends to absent members is, that the Ser-
geant-at-Arms be directed to request the attend-
ance of absent Senators.
Mr. POWELL. I am perfectly willing to mod-
ify my motion, and use the word " request."
Mr. HALE. I hope it will be putin that form.
Mr. POWELL. I will do it, with great pleasure.
Mr. COLLAMER. This question is not stated
exactly as I understand it. 1 undeistood it to be
ruled by the permanent Piesiding OfScer of the
Senate, that if there was a quorum assembled in
the day'ssitting, there was no power in the Senate,
if they found themselves without a quorum after-
wards, to compel Senators to attend,and he cannot
do it. Therefore, it is a matter of form, merely.
Mr. PEARCE. Will the Senator from Ver-
mont allow me a moment?
Mr. COLLAMER. Certainly.
Mr. PEARCE. I perceive my amendment will
not be carried, and I will not detain the Senate on
account of it. If they will allow me, I will with-
draw it. ["Agreed !" "Agreed !"]
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
hears no objection.
The amendments wereordered to be engrossed,
and the bill to be read a third time.
Mr. POWELL. I made a motion that has not
been disposed of, that the Sergeant-at-Arms be
directed to notify absent Senators to appear in this
Chamber. Evidently there has not been a quorum
here for the last three hours.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There is evidently a quo-
rum here now.
Mr. PEARCE. I really hope that motion will
not bo agreed to. I have been here since a little
after nine o'clock this morning until this hour,
without food or refreshment of any sort, except
a glass of cold water, and I do not want to be kept
waiting for absent members.
The' PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understood the Senator from Kentucky to with-
draw the motion; but it seems he did not. The
question, therefore, is on the motion of the Sen-
ator from Kentucky, that the Sergeant-at-Arms
be directed to request the absent members of the
Senate to attend its session forthwith.
Mr. DOOL1TTLE. I desire to put it to the
honorable Senator from Kentucky, as a practical
man, as it is now almost eight o'clock, to with-
draw that motion. There is evidently a quorum
present. We are just ready to take a vote on the
passage of the bill.
Mr. POWELL. I will demand the yeas and
nays on my motion, and that will test the ques-
tion whether there is a quorum.
Several Senators. Let us have the yeas and
nays on the passage of the bill.
Mr. POWELL. Very well. Then I will ask
for the yeas and nays on the passage of the bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator withdraw his other motion?
Mr. POWELL. I am worn out by sitting here
when there is no quorum present. I am tired of
it, and do not intend to submit to it any longer,
without letting the country know who it is that
arc absent.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator withdraw bis motion?
Mr. POWELL. I do; and ask for the yeas
and nays on the passage of the bill.
The bill was read the third time.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now is on the passage of the bill.
Mr. LATHAM. On that question the yeas
and nays are demanded.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 29, nays 4; as follows:
YEAS — Meters. Anthony, Baker, Bragg, Cameron,
Chandler. Clark, Coliamer, Doohttle, Douglas, Darker',
Fessenden, Foot, Foster, Grimes, Hale, Harlan, Hemphill,
Latham, .VIoinll, Peaico, Polk, Powell, Iliee, Simmon,
Sumner, Ten Eyck, Trumbull, Wade, Wilkinson, and
Wilson—-30.
NAYS—Messrs. Bingham, Gieen, Johnson of Arkansas,
and King—4.
So the bill was passed.
