226
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 2,
establish a Government. Now, 1 ask the distin-
guished Senator, what becomes of this iteration
and reiteration, that the Constitution is a compact
between sovereign States?
Pursuing what I think is a defective mode of
reasomngfrom beginning to end, the distinguished
Senator from Louisiana quotes Vattel, and for
what? To prove what, as I understand, nobody
denies: that a sovereign State, being sovereign,
may make a compact, and afterwards withdraw
from it. Our answer to that is, that South Caro-
lina is not a sovereign State; that South Carolina
has not made a compact, and that, therefore, it is
not true that she can withdraw from it; and I
submit that all these disquisitions upon the nature
of European sovereignty, or any of those forms
of government to which the distinguished author
which he has quoted had his observation attracted,
is no argument whatever in a controversy as to
the force and meaning of our Constitution bear-
ing upon States, sovereign in some sense, not sov-
ereign in others, but bearing most upon individ-
uals in their individual relations.
But the object of the speech was twofold. It
was to prove first, that tins Union was a compact
between States, and that, therefore, there was a
rightful remedy for injury, intolerable or other-
wise, by secession. .Now, sir, I confess in one
thing I do not understand this speech, although
it be clearly written and forcibly expressed.
Does the Senator mean to argue that there is such
a thing as a constitutional right of secession > Is
it a right under the Constitution, or is it a light
above it and beyond it?
Mr. BENJAMIN. I do not know whether the
Senator desires an answer now.
Mr. BAKER. Yes, sir; now.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Well, sir, I will take ex-
ample from gentlemen on the othwr side, and I
will answer his question by asking another.
Mr, BAKER. Do, sir.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I will ask him if the State
of South Carolina were refused more than one
Senator on this floor, whether she would have a
right to withdraw from the Union, and if so,
whether it would arise out of the Constitution or
not. *
Mr. BAKER. Now, Mr. President, I will do
what the distinguished Senator from Louisiana
has not done: i will answer the question, [laugh-
ter.] He asks me whether if the State of South
Carolina, sending two Senators here loyally, with
affectionate reverence for the Constitution, were de-
nied the admission of one, or, if you like, of both,
it would be cause for withdrawal. I understand
that to be the question. Sir, I reply: that would
depend upon several things yet to be stated and
determined: First, I think South Carolina ought
to inquire what is the cause of that refusal. I
believe this body is the judge of the qualification
of its own members. If the Senator was disqual-
ified, or if in any fair judgment or reasonable
judgment we believed h<> ought not to occupy a
seaf upon this floor, surely it would not be cause
of withdrawal or secession, or revolution, or war,
if we wfire to send him back.
But, sir, I will meet the question in the full
spirit in which, I suppose, it is intended to put it.
It is this: the right of repiesentation is a sacred
right. If that right is fraudulently and pertina-
ciously denied, 1ms the State to which it is denied
a right to secede in consequence thereof? 1 an-
swer, the right of representation is a right, in my
judgment, inalienable. It belongs to all commun-
ities, and to all men. It is of the very nature and
essence of free government; and if, by force, by
despotism of the many over the few, it is denied,
solemnly, despotically, of purpose, the intolera-
ble oppression resulting from that may be repelled
by all the means which God and nature have
put m our hands. Is the honorable Senator an-
swered?
Mr. BENJAMIN. Not yet.
Mr. BAKER. What, sir?
Mr. BENJAMIN. 1 was saying to the Sena-
tor, not yet. I asked him whether he denied the
fact that, in the supposed case, which he has very
fairly met, the right to withdraw resulted from
the breach of the agreement m the Constitution,
and would be a right growing out of the violation
of the Constitution, independent of the question
of oppression at all ?
Mr. BAKER. Well, sir, I beg leave to say,
in answer to that: that is not the question the
honorable Senator put to me, but I will answer
that. The right of South Carolina to withdraw,
because the fundamental, right of representation
is denied her, is the right of revolution, of rebel-
lion. It does not depend upon constitutional guar-
antees, at all. It is beyond them, above them,
and notof them. Now, is the Senator answered ?
Mr. BENJAMIN. I am fully answered. Iam
only surprised at the answer.
Mr. BAKER. Now, will the distinguished
Senator answer me ?
Mr. BENJAMIN. With pleasure. Will, the
Senator state his-question once more?
Mr. BAKER. Is there such a thing as a con-
stitutional right of South Carolina to secede?
Mr, BENJAMIN. I thought, Mr. President,
that my proposition on that subject could not be
mistaken, i hold that there is, from the very
nature of the Constitution itself, from the theory
upon which it is formed, a right in any State to
withdraw from the compact, if its provisions are
violated to her detriment.
Mr. BAKER. Well now, sir, I understand
what I did not quite understand before—no doubt
it was owing to my obtuseness—that the gentle-
man contends that there is in the State of South
Carolina a right to secede, to use his own words,
in the very nature of the Constitution itself.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Resulting from the very
nature of the compact, which I consider the Con-
stitution to bo.
Mr RAKER. But that, Mr. President, is not
what the Senator did say. I press him on this
point again. Does the right to secedc springout
of and belong to the Constitution. And if so,
where? I am a strict constructionist.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I am, too; and, if the Sen-
ator will admit with me, what I suppose he will
scarcely deny, that the States have reserved to
themselves under the Constitution, by express
language, every right not expressly denied to
them by the Constitution, I say that he will find
in the ninth and tenth amendments to the Con-
stitution the recognition of the very right which
1 claim.
Mr. BAKER. Well, sir, the answer to that is
just this: that we have been endeavoring to show
—and I think irresistibly—that, so far from its
being true that the States do reserve to themselves
in the Constitution all rights not delegated by it,
they do not reserve anything, for they are not
parties to it; and there is no such thing as a res-
ervation by the States at all. The instrument is
made by the people; and the reservations, if any,
are made by the people, not the States.
Mr. BENJAMIN. If I am not intruding upon
the Senator's line of argument or time—and if I
am I will not say another word 
Mr. BAKER. Not at all.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I ask the Senator whether,
after the Constitution had been framed, amend-
ments were not proposed by nearly all the States
and adopted, for the very purpose of meeting that
construction for which he is now contending; for
the very purpose of maintaining the proposition
against which he now argues ? His idea* is, that
the Constitution of the "United States formed a
Government over the whole people as a mass.
The amendments state distinctly that that was not
the meaning of the Constitution; but that, on the
contrary, it was a delegation of power by the
States, and that the States and the people of the
States reserved to themselves all powers not ex-
pressly delegated.
Mr. BAKER. " The powers not delegated to
the United States by the Constitution, nor pro-
hibited by it to the States, are reserved to the
States respectively, or to the people;" that is the
amendment. Now, in answer, 1 say that in full
light of that amendment, every authority which
I have read, every argument at which I have
glanced, from Jackson, from Madison, from Web-
ster, from Adams, all unite in the proposition that
still this is a Government made by the people of
the United States, in their character of people of
the States, being one Government by them or-
dained.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Will the Senator be good
enough to tell me what he deems to be the mean-
ing of this at tide of the Constitution.
[A disturbance in the galleries attracted the
attention of the Chair, causcd by loud laughing
and talking.]
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot in
the chair.) Order in the galleries. The Setgeant-
at-Arms will remove the persons from the galle-
ries in front of the Chair, on the right of the clock,
forthwith. The order of the Senate must be pre-
served.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Will the Senator be good
enough to allow me to call his attention to the
seventh and last article of the Constitution. " The
ratification of the conventions of nine States shall
be sufficient for the establishment of this Consti-
tution between the States so ratifying the same"
—not read the preamble, but the bargain.
Mr. BAKER. Where shall I find it, sir?
Mr. BENJAMIN. In the very last article of
the Constitution.
Mr. BAKER. Iam not sure that I understand
the force of the distinction ■which the honorable
gentleman makes between the preamble and the
Constitution itself. Following the example of
Mr. Webster, I love to read the whole instru-
ment together; but I will answer the Senator.
" Tiie ratificationof the conventions of iiine States shall
be sufficient for the establishment of tliia Constitution
between the States so ratifying the bume."
Mr. BENJAMIN. t6 Between the States."
Mr. BAKER. Mr. President, what me the
conventions of nine States but the people of nine
States? There is the answer at once. It is not
ratification by the State Legislature.
Mr. BENJAMIN. What is the meaning of
the phrase " between the States ?M Is not that
the language of compact?
Mr. BAKER. Well, it is obvious enough.
Ratification is to be done by the people. It is
made by the people in the first place. It so pro-
poses. It is to be ratified by them in the second
place; and being so made by them, and being so
latificd by them, is binding upon the States, which
are the governments of the people that ratified it.
That is all. But, sir, the Senator does not es-
cape in that way. I ask him yet once again, is
the right to secede a right growing out of the
Constitution itself? If so, where? "What is that
provision? I repeat, I am a strict construction-
ist. He says he is. Iam not now going to hunt
for a vagrant and doubtful power; but when States
propose to secede, to dissolve the Union, to de-
clare war, to drench confederated States in fra-
ternal blood, I ask if they claim it as a constitu-
tional right to take the step that will inevitably
lead to that ? I ask for the word, the page, the
place, and I meet no reply.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I again refer the Senator
to the words and the place. If the right of seces-
sion exists at all, under any circumstances, revo-
lutionary or not, it is a State right. Now, the
question whether it exists under the Constitution
or not, can only be determined in one way: fiist,
by examining what powers are prohibited to the
States; and next, whether the powers not pro-
hibited are reserved. This power is nowhere
prohibited; and the tenth amendment declares that
the powers not prohibited by the Constitution to
the States are reserved to the States.
Mr. BAKER. Mr. President, I do not per-
ceive the importance, nay, the profit, of pursuing
that line of inquiry any further. I have askeu
for the answer of the honorable Senator to that
question; and if with that answer he is content,
and if by that answer he intends to abide, so be
it. I think that we have well disposed of tho
right of secession under the Constitution itself.
1 advance to another proposition.
I admit that there is a revolutionary right.
Whence does it spring? Plow is it limited? To
these questions for a moment I address myself.
Whence does it spring ? Why, sir, as a right m
communities, it is of the same nature as the right
of self-preservation in the individual. A commu-
nity protects itself by revolution against intoler-
able oppression under any form of government,
as an individual protects himself against intoler-
able oppression by brute force. No compact, no
treaty, no constitution, no form of government,
no oath or obligation can deprive a man or a com-
munity of that sacred, ultimate right. Now, sir,
I think I state that proposition as fully as 1 could
be desired to state it by the gentlemen upon tho
other side. The question that arises between us
at once is: this right of revolution springing out
of the self-preservation belonging to communities,
as to individuals, must be exercised—how? In
a case, and in a case only, where all other rem-
edies fail; where the oppression is grinding, intol-
