1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
crable, and permanent; where revolution is in its
nature a fit redress; and where they who adopt it
as a remedy can do it in the fall light of ail the
examples of the past; of all the responsibilities of
the present; of all the unimpassioned judgment
of the future, and the ultimate determination of
the supreme Arbiter and Judge of all. Sir, a right
so exorcised is a sacred right. I maintain it; and
I would exercise it. The question recurs; has
South Carolina that right?
1 think the honorable Senator will not deny
that one of the gravest responsibilities which can
devolve upon a community or a State is to break
up an established, peaceful form of government.
If that be true as an abstract proposition, how
much more does the truth strike us when we ap-
ply it to the condition in which we found our-
selves two months ago ? South Carolina proposes
now, according to the later doctrine, to secede as
a revolutionary right; as a resistance against in-
tolerable oppression; as an appeal to arms for the
maintenance of rights, for the redress of wrongs,
where the one cannot be maintained and the other
be redressed otherwise. Now, sir, I demand of
her and of those who defend her, that she should
stand out in the broad light of history, and de-
clare, if not by the Senators that she ought to
have on this floor, by those who league with her,
111 what that oppression consists; where that
injury is inflicted; by whom the blow is struck;
what weapon is used in the attack ? So much, at
least, we nave a right to inquire. After we make
that inquiry, permit me to add another thing: a
State claiming to be sovereign and a people part
of a great Government ought to act with deliber-
ation and dignity; she ought to be able to appeal
to all history for kindred cases of intolerable
oppression, and kindred occasions of magnani-
mous revolution.
Sir, we are not unacquainted in this Chamber
with the history of revolutions. We very well
know that our forefathers rebelled against the
domination of the house of Stuart. And why?
The causes are as well known to the world as the
great struggle by which they maintained the rigli t,
and the great renown which lias forever followed
the deed. When Oliver Crom well broughta traitor-
ous, false king, and gave him, "a dim discrowned
monarch," to the block, he did it by a solemn judg-
ment in the face of man and in the face of Heaven,
avouching the deed on the great doe! rine of revolu-
tionary right; and although a fickle people be-
trayed his memory—although the traditions of
monarchy were as yet too strong for the better
thought ofthe English people—yetstill, now, here,
to-day, wherever the English language is read,
wherever that historic glowing story is repeated,
the hearts of brave and generous men throb when
the deed is avouched, and justify the act.
Again: there was a second revolution—the rev-
olution of 1688; and why? Because a cowardly,
fanatic, bigoted monarch sought, by the exercise
■of a power to be used through the bayonets of
standing armies, to repress the spirit and destroy
the liberties of a free people; because he attempted
to force upon them a religion alien to their thought
and to their hope; because he attempted to tram-
ple under foot all that was sacred in the constitu-
tion of English government.
And, sir, in the history of revolutions there are
examples more illustrious still—perhaps thegreat-
est of them all, that revolution which ended in the
establishment of the Dutch Republic. My hon-
orable and distinguished friend, I know, has read
the glowing pages of Motley, perhaps the most
accurate, if not the most brilliant, of American
historians. I am sure that his heart has throbbed
with generous enthusiasm as he read the thrilling
pages of that story where a great people, led by
the heroic house of Orange, pursued, through dan-
ger, through sacrifice, through blood, through the
destruction of property, of homes, of families, and
of all but the great indestructible spirit of lib-
erty, the tenor of their way to liberty and great-
ness and glory at last. Sir, I need not tell him
the oporession against which they rebelled; that
the intolerable tyranny under which they groaned
was of itself sufficient notonlyto enlist upon then-
side and in their behalf ail the sympathies of civ-
ilized Europe then, butthe sympathies ofthe whole
civilized world as they have read the story since.
Yet once more, in the full light those revolu-
tions, our forefathers rebelled against a tyrant,
declaring the causes of the Revolution, proclaim-
ing; them to the world in an immortal document
that is familiar to us all. We recognize the right.
Why ? Becausc the oppression was intolerable;
because the tyranny could not be borne; because
the essential rights belonging to every human
being were violated, and that continually; and in
words more eloquent than I could use, or than I
have now time to quote, Mr. Jefferson proclaimed
them to the world, and gave the reasons which
impelled us to the separation. Sir, I ask the hon-
orable Senator to bring his record of reasons for
revolution, bloodshed, and war here to-day, and
compare them with that document.
If, then, Mr. President, the controversy is not
upon the abstract right of secession, nor upon the
revolutionary right of secession in a case fit and
proper; but if, at last, it narrows itself down into
a discussion of the reasons why South Carolina
is to revolt, I propose to enter with a little minute-
ness of detail into the history of those reasons.
I shall find them in several sources: first, chiefest,
perhaps best, in the speech now before me of the
Senator from Louisiana; secondly, in the very
impulsive, very brilliant speech of the honorable
Senator from Texas, [Mr. Wigfall;] and, if I
have time to pursue the search, perhaps in the
specch of the excited and excitable Senator front
Georgia, [Mr. Iverson.] The gentleman from
Louisiana says that not devoting very mufch time
to the catalogue, and not giving it with any hope
that it will avert the issue of arms, he will yet
suggest some of the wrongs and outrages which
that " dreary catalogue'5 presents, as havinghap-
pened to the State of South Carolina. Before he
does so, however, he says that the wrongs under
which she groans, the injuries which justify and
demand revolution, are to be found il chiefly in a
difference of our construction of the Constitu-
tion." Sir, is not that a "lame and impotent
conclusion?" I was astonished. 1 have known-—
again to quote the words of Mr. Webster—I have
known, perhaps I may know again shortly, that
there are cases when the war does not always
come up to the manifesto; butfrom theseriousness
with which the distinguished Senator approached
the subject, I did not expect to find a qualification
which would destroy the import and force of his
catalogue altogether. Why, sir, can it be that
any man in his sober senses will pretend that
there can be cause for revolution, war, because
two parties in this Government differ as to their
construction of one article in the Federal Consti-
tution ? Can that be so? And yet, in the face
of earth and Heaven, I recall the fact that the
honorable Senator declares that the principal
causes of grievance are to be found in a difference
in the construction of one article of the Constitu-
tion of the United States.
Mr. BENJAMIN. The Senator will pardon
mo. I do not think he will find that in anything
I said.
Mr. BAKER. Far be it from me to misrepre-
sent the gentleman. If [ do not find itk I will
withdraw what I have said. I quote his words,
and they were words well considered, beautifully
chosen:
Before, however, making any statement—that state
ment to which we have been challenged, and which I shall
make in but very few words—of the wrongs under which
the South is now suffering, and for which she seeks redress,
as the difficulty &eeins to arise chiefly from n difference in
our constiuction of the Constitution, [desire to lead '*—
Something else. Now, sir, I ask him whether
I am not justified in saying that his main ground
of complaint in his catalogue of dreary outrages
and intolerable wrongs, is that that catalogue is
founded, to use his own words, chiefly upon a
difference in the construction of the Constitution
of the United States ?
Mr. BENJAMIN. The Senator will pardon
me. He stated that I had said they arose from a
difference in the construction of one clause of the
Constitution.
Mr. BAKER. Well, sir, let it be "two rogues
in buckram," or seven; the idea is the same.
Mr. BENJAMIN. That is it. We have eight
or ten grievances; because you all construe the
Constitution on the erroneous principles you have
announced this morning.
Mr. BAKER. I am here to show that, so far
as the argument of the gentleman from South
Carolina is concerned, the chief cause of difference
does not arise as to the construction of one article
nf the Constitution. I am told that, in the heat
of debate, I said the Senator from South Carolina.
Sir, if 1 made the mistake, itwasbut the mistake
of supposing, with Shakspeare; that * •
" A substitute shines brightly as s iting,' ''
Unless a king he by."
Now, sir, suppose we differed about a dozen
articles of the Constitution: what then? Tread
the catalogue of wrongs, and I find, as k lawyer
that they must refer themselves principally to one,v
But suppose there are more: what then? There
are some things that do not appear to strike the,
honorable Senator in this connection. For in--
stance: does he remember that although he may
have one construction of the Constitution, and I
may have another, there is between us a supreme
arbiter, and that upon every conccivable clause
about which We may differ, or have differed , that
arbiter has decided always upon one side ? To
begin: there have been debates in this Chamber, ^
and elsewhere, as to the true construction of'that*
clause of the Constitution which requires the ren-
dition of fugitive slaves. I will use that term.
There are very distinguished members now upon
this floor who have argued with £reat gravity and
wisdom and research and eloquence, thatit was
intended that the power of rendition should be
exercised by States. Thatquestion, with all ques-
tions kindred to it, about which any of us may
have differed, has gone before the Supreme Court
of the United States, and has been decided against
us, or some of us, and in favor of the constitu-
tionality of the law as it now stands; and we
have yielded to it, not a submission, but a better
word, obedience. Is not that true?
Again, we have differed in late days—and I am
here to show, directly, how late that difference
is, and I trust I shall show how ill-considcred—as
to the construction of the Constitution upon the
subject ofthe government of theTerritorics. That
is not a political question merely. That is capa-
ble of being made the subject of a suit in law or
equity, under the provisions ofthe Constitution.
Tliat has gone before the Supreme Court of the
United States. There has been, as we all agree,
a judgment; there has been, as most here contend,
a decision; there has been, as everybody admits,
an opinion. All three have been adverse to us. Is
there in that any cause of complaint?
There are the two points; and as the honorable
Senator asks me questions, I will ask him another
Is there any other cause of complaint, except un-
der these two clauses of the Constitution, be-
longing to the constitutional controversy? The
fugitive slave law is one, the right to take your
slaves into the Territories the other. Are there
any others?
Mr. BENJAMIN. Undoubtedly, Mr. Presi-
dent. I thought I enumerated six on Monday.
If the Senator will do me the honor to read the
complaints which I made in behalf of the South,
he will find them. Then, if those are not suffi-
cient, I can furnish half a dozen more.
Mr. BAKER. Mr. President, I may remark
that those other causes of grievance which, upon
an occasion so solemn as that presented by the
Senator the other day, were not mentioned in that
category, were best left unsummed. If they were
notof sufficient importance to be enumerated then,
they ought not to be brought up by way of make-
weight now. I hold him to his record.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Read.
Mr. BAKER. I have now, as I understand it,
presented two main causes of grievance arising,
as he says, out of defective constitutional con-
struction ;and, although I see many specifications,
I understand they are all parts of two charges
arising out of defective construction upon these
two points. For instance: one of the six charges
is, that wc slander you. Surely we do not do
that under the Constitution. We slander you,
we vilify you, we abuse you, you say. Well,
that is not a constitutional difficulty, [laughter;]
and if my distinguished friend will look at his
" dreary catalogue," he will find that, save the
two which 1 have mentioned, the remainder are
butamplification, extension of grievances arising
outside of the Constitution, from difference of
sentiment, opinions, morals, or habits, and not
the cause of constitutional complaint. Therefore
I am not answered when he says, " Look at my
catalogue."   I repeat once more, to make it still
plaifier, that there arc but two constitutional
causes of complaint: one in regard to the rendi-
tion of fugitive slaves, the other the government
of the Territories. The difficulties arise out ot
