1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1187
that these teas should pay a higher duty than
those teas which come directly from the country
of their growth. This description ought to have
been, "beyond the Cape of Good Hope," and
nothing more. The same objection applies to
some of our trade with the half-civilized islands
of Ceelebesand Borneo. Because the products of
these islands may have been first shipped to some
port in India, they ought not to be suhject to any
higher duty than though directly imported from
the country where produced.
But, Mr. Chairman, I am inclined to think that
we had better take this bill as it is, rather than
run the risk of sending it back to the Senate. I
am therefore willing to assent to this amendment,
in the hope, as I have aheady said, that at an
early moment we can supply some supplementary
legislation on the subject.
"Mr. CAMPBELL. I move to reduce the duty
on tea to 2 cents. I do so for the purpose of ex-
pressing my views very briefly in regard to the
proposed duty on tea and coffee. Standing by
itself, I am entirely opposed to a duty of this kind,
inasmuch as there is no corresponding benefit to
inure to the products of the country. By impos-
ing a duty on tea and coffee you will, in my judg-
ment, levy a tax to be paid by the consumer. I am
one of those who believe in the doctrine of protec-
tion to every branch of American industry, and I
think we can raise revenue enough to meet the
expenses of the Government by distributing the
duties to be imposed upon such articles as come
into competition with the mineral, agricultural,
and other branches of the industry of the country.
Standing by itself, therefore, i should be opposed
to this amendment of the Senate, as I would be
opposed to any duty upon any article which does
not come into competition with any branch of
American industry. But it is urged that it is neces-
sary, in the present dish acted state of the coun-
try; and I am induced to withhold all objection to
this item, because I find embodied in the bill prin-
ciples which I regard as of vast importance to
the country. It changes the system of ad valorem
duties to specific, which 1 hold to be a principle of
primary importance. And, more than that, itpro-
tects all the leading staples of the industry of the
country in a way that is entirely satisfactory to
meand to my constituents.
Therefore, believing that if this bill is required
to go to a committee of conference between the
two Houses, its final passage will be put in jeop-
ardy, and that the bill may be lost, I am inclined
to vote for all the amendments of the Senate, ob-
jectionable as I regard many of them to be.
[Here the hammer fell.j
Mr. SICKLES. I oppose the amendment of
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, and desire to
submit a few observations upon it.
Mr. Chairman, it is quite obvious that gentle-
men on the other side of the House intend to force
through this bill in exactly Us present shape, with-
out reference to the objectionable features of any
amendment which may be presented for our votes,
or at least without reference to any argument that
may be urged against the objectionable feature of
any amendment. But, sir, 1 desire to put on rec-
ord at least one or two reasons why I oppose this
duty, and a reason or two which, I think, must
have contributed to the adoption of such a duty
in the Senate.
We, need not have been told by the gentleman
from Pennsylvania Air. [Campbkll] that this a
protective tariff, and an abandonment of the rev-
enue principle; because this amendment, which
admits the placing of a tax. upon tea and cotlee,
is of itself an admission that you expect to lose
a large amount of revenue in consequence of the
large amount of importation which you will ex-
clude by the protectivefeatures that arc embodied
in this bill. The only way, therefore, to make up
the deficiencies which will occur m consequence
of the protection, which is the main feature of
this bill, is to place taxes upon the prime neces-
sities of life, which no party except a protective
party would ever venture to propose. That, sir,
is the whole explanation of this amendment.
But, sir, wherever you can place your eye upon
this bill, you encounter something about a loan.
As I said before, every resort js had to every ex-
pedient to make up for the deficiencies which must,
of necessity, result from the adoption of any pro-
tective tari'lF, and which gentlemen on the other
side of the House know must result. The first
resort in the bill to make up 'these deficiencies,
then, is to a loan; the second is to an expedient
that is without precedent, except in time of war,
of levying a tax upon the prime necessaries of
life. This very section contains another icfer-
encc to a loan. The pretext embodied in the
amendment is, that the object of this tax upon tea
and cofiee is to enable the Government to retire
what may be due upon this loan, or upon out-
standing Treasury notes. Sir, the juxtaposition
may be very ingenious; you may be able to in-
duce some people to believe it, those people who
would celebrate "all fool's day"—on which this
bill properly goes into operation. I say that fools
will believe that the object of this tax on tea and
cofiee is to retire these Treasury notes; but every
man who looks beneath the surface will sec that
the real object is to make up for what you deprive
our Treasury of by the adoption of the protective
pi mciple.
Mr. MOORE, of Kentucky. I desire to ask the
gentleman from NewYoik whether his objection
to this tariff bill is because it levies a duty upon
sugar, tea, and coffee<
Mr. SICKLES. That is one, and one of the
leading objections. But, sir, my general objection
to the whole bill is, that it adopts, in many of its
fea Uues, the policy of the protectionists, in viola-
tion of the policy of all the great political parties
of the country, if wo are to believe their declara-
tions in their platforms, for they alt profess the
policy of so adjusting the duties upon imports as
to produce the largest amount of revenue.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I desire to ask the gentle-
man from New York if he does not.remember that
the great financial leader of his party—the late
Secietai y Cubb—recommended that, in adjusting
the duties to be levied upon imports, preference
should be given to articles not produced in this
country ? I hope the gentlemnn will allow me to
say that this is exactly in accordance with the
recommendations of that distinguished leader of
the Democratic party; and I am surprised that
any such objection should come from that side of
the House to this amendment of the Senate. 1
am opposed to a tax upon tea and coffee; I3'ut,
owing to the necessities of the Treasu ry, produced
by a corrupt Administration, I will vote for it.
Mr. SICKLES. I will say, in reply to the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, that I am glad to hear
that he has become a convert to the free-trade
principles advocated by Mr. Secretary Cobb; and
if he will vote in accordance with that profession
of faith upon this bill, he will be found voting side
by side with me, all the time, against the protec-
tive features of this tariff bill. I am afraid, how-
ever, that I shall not be able to range my friend
fiom Pennsylvania alongside with those of us on
this side of the House m our hostility to this bill.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. CAMPBELL, by unanimous consent,
withdrew his amendment.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I desire to move
an amendment to the amendment of the Senate.
I move, in line fifty-three, to strike out " 1| cent
a pound.'5 The design which the advocates of this
bill purport to desire to accomplish is, to increase
the revenues of the country; but to increase these
revenues, as it would seem, by levying duties that
penetrate in many cases to the extent of prohibi-
tion. In another aspect, it would seem that the
duties levied in this bill, upon which an increase
of revenue is to be expected, are not, for the most
part,upon the luxuriesof consumption,butupon
the necessaries of consumption. Yet in this in-
fliction, I discover the same objection in those
portions of the House bill which'the amendment
of theSenato strikes out. I do.not think tire amend-
ment of the Senate, thercfoie, is as objectionable,
when compared with the House clause, as gen-
tlemen seem to suppose, [t is unwise in all tariff
bills to tax the necessaries of life ; and most un-
wise is it to tax by impost on sugar, coffee, and
tea. These articles most generally used, and are
considered almost as necessary to existence. I
say that imposts upon all articles of necessity, or
which contribute to the progress of art and civili-
zation, have ever been, and should be, ever care-
fully avoided by all wise and piudcnt legislators.
But the amendment, objectionable as it is, is a
great improvement upon the clause as I havejust
stated it, as contained in the House bill on the
subject.
It is asserted by the gentleman from Vermont,
[Mr. Morrill,] that the phraseology of" com-
merce is not adopted or pursued by the Senate
amendment. I beg leave to differ from the gen-
tleman on that point. The phraseology of com-
meice is most exactly adopted; and the Senate
amendment applies proper designations to mat-
ters, which in the House bill, if they stooil.alone,
would liave no proper and specific designations
to govern the collectors of customs.
Again: the House bill provides that raw sugar,
commonly called Muscavado or brown sugar,
shall be subject to certain impositions. What
becomes of your raw Porto Ricos ? Those are
not contained in that category, and undoubtedly
the House clause is subject to confusion, subject
to misconception ill that regard. The Senate
amendment avoids that difficulty, and includes
Porto Ricos under tjie sugars called or denomi-
nated brown sugar. I think that the Senate amend-
ment is better in this respect.
Again: the rates of duty are diminished, in
one case, upon the raw sugar i per cent., and in
another, upon pulverized sugar J per cent. On
sugar tinctured, colored, or adulterated, the duty is
diminished 1 per cent. These, sir, are advantages
which are proposed to the country by the Senate
amendment, which do not inure to it through the
House bill. In that respect, I think itis infinitely
better and easier to adopt the Senate amendment
than the clause of the House bill.
Mr. Chairman, I have a few words to say in
regard to the other proposition oftheSenate amend-
ment, and which I conceive to be more objection-
able than those to which I have alluded. It is
proposed at this time, and in this manner, to sub-
ject to a tax cofiee and tea; which have not been
taxed for these long years in any tariff which haa
been proposed by the House or the Senate of the
United States.
It makes a further distinction, a distinction be-
tween teas and coffees imported from the place of
their growth, or the place to which (hey have been
exported. This provision has a place upon our
statute-book at the present time; but it is unwise
in regard to increasing facilities of our commerce,
and extending the limits of our commercial inter-
course with the remainder of the world. I refer
to the trade m Japan teas, in reference to the im-
portation of which into this country it is important
and essential that they should be repacked at
Shanghae. If we are not, by unfavorable and dis-
advantageous discriminations, to destroy the trade
with Japan, we will strike out this amendment.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. McKNIGHT. Mr. Chairman, I desire to
oppose the amendment of the gentleman from
New Yoik, although I did not hear his speech. I
oppose it, because I am opposed to any amend-
ment to this bill, so far as it can be prevented.
Ordinarily, I would be opposed, and every man in
this House would be opposed, toimposing a duty
upon tea and coffee, because they are not merely
luxuries, but necessaries of life. In the present
exigency of the country, when the Treasury is
bankrupt; when it has been plundered by the out-
going Administration—or rather-those who were
heietofore connected with it—I think that there is
not a constituent of any man in this House who
would not consent to have a duty levied upon ar-
ticlesof this sort in order to extricate the country
from bankruptcy.
There is an additional reason why I oppose this
amendment. I understood from the debate in the
Senate—if it be proper, sir, to refer to that body—
I understood it to be asserted by gentlemen on
both sides of the House who had examined this
matter—and not being controverted, I take it that
it is incontrovertible—that even where the duty
has been taken off of tea and coffee, in Cuba and
Brazil, the export duty is always laid upon these
articles, to bring the price up to what it was be-
fore the United States laid a duty upon tliera. On
the other hand, where we place a small duty, they
take off the export duty, and, consequently, the
price is not increased to the consumer,
Mr. MAYNARD. Does the gentleman say
that Brazil lias taken off her export duty on tea
and coffee now, and for the last two or three
years ?
Mr. McKNIGHT. I understood it to be as-
serted by a Senator from Pennsylvania and a Sen-
ator from Rhode Island that, when the duty on
tea and coffee was taken off formerly by the Con-
gress of the United States, immediately Brazil
