THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 25,
UticLap export dutyj which kept the price up to
what it was before. That being the case, I am
opposed to it. In afty event, however, if that
were'not so, if there was an increase, and the
"tendency may be, I think, after the passage of this
biil to cause retail dealers and graders throughout
the country to advance the pTice, while 1 do not
believe the pertnanerit effect will be an increase of
price of any of these articles; for I believe that it
will find its Standard and be as low hereafter as
it is now.. But, sir, whether that be so or not, I
thftfk that "my constituents, in the existing exer-
gericieSj'are willing to sanction any vote that I
may^give in favor of this small tax.
* *Mr.QTJARLI£S. I ask gentlemen on the other
side to give us a vote on this amendment in the
House.
Mr. SHERMAN. The gentleman is entitled
to a vote on it.
Mr. HALE. I move a pro forma amendment.
1 am utterly opposed to a tax upon tea and coffee.
It is against my principles, so far as a tariff is
concerned. It is wrong in principle, in my belief.
If I vote for the Senate amendment, therefor®-1
will vote for it under duress. I am compelled?to
vote for it, or lose this tariff entirely. I think the
country is so much in want of a tariff—not only
the industry of the country, but the Treasury of
the Union—that we are imperatively required to
pass this bill. I shall vote for the amendment;
but in doing so, I enter my protest against the
principle. It is unwise ancl impolitic, out neces-
sity requires me to vote for it. Our time is so
short, that, unless we concur in the amendments
of the Senate, the passage of the bill will be en-
dangered. I feel constrained to vote for the
amendment of the Senate, because the industry
and the Treasury of the country need the pas-
sage of this tariff proposition'.
I will say another word. I must say that I do
not see how we can increase our revenue by re-
ducing the duty upon one article and increasing
it upon another. In my judgment, we ought to
raise tariff upon articles of luxury, which enter
into consumption by the rich, and not by the
poor. But, as I have said, we must take this or
no tariff at all.
Mr. MAYNARD. Mr. Chairman, I am sur-
prised at the reason my friend over the way as-
signs for voting for this proposition. I ask him
whether his party makes the taxing of tea and
coffee a sine qua non to the passage of a tariff bill.
Thatseems to be the scope of the argument which
we have heard from him, and several of his col-
leagues.
Mr. HALE. This tax was put upon the bill
by a Democratic Senate. We of this side are
utterly opposed to it; but [ am constrained, how-
ever, to vote for the amendment, because of the
necessities of the times.
Mr. MAYNARD. The time was, and not
many weeks ago"*, when we could speak of a Dem-
ocratic Senate; but owing to a retreat—what shall
j call it 
Mr. CRAIGrE, of North Carolina. I call the
gentleman to order.
Mr. PHELPS. There is no Democratic Sen-
ate. The friends of Mr. Lincoln have the ascend-
ency there.
Mr. HALE. There is still a majority of Dem-
ocrats there.
Mr. CRA1GE, of North Carolina. Is this de-
bate in order ?
The CHAIRMAN. It is not.
Mr. MAYIiARD. I was not speaking of the
Senate. I was intending to refer to a more recent
example that seemed to have been borrowed from
that quarter. But I will not speak of it, for I
may be ruled out of order.
But, to come back to my point: tea and coffee
stand upon afootingpeculiarto themselves. They
are articles which the habits of the people render
necessary. Nothing can be substituted in the
place of either of them. They are articles for
which there is aspecific demand; and that demand
must be met by the articles themselves, which
can only be produced by importation from abroad.
If you levy a tax of but one mill, that comes di-
rectlyout of those who consume the articles, who,
to a great extent, are the poorer class of the com- I
munity. I venture to say,as a general rule, that j
the poorer classes of this country consume more, j
both of tea and coffee, than the m'ore wealthy j
class. I have no hesitation in expressing my !
opinio^ upon that, as a matter of fact, though I
will not go into an argument to substantiate it.
Then the proposition to tax tea and coffee is
simply to impose a burden to the extent of I know
not how many million upon that class of persons
who will inevitably have to pay it. It will come
out of their earnings, and there is no way to avoid
the conclusion.
Then, there is no incidental benefit to be de-
rived from it, and no interest fostered by taxing
these articles, as might be the case in reference to
some articles through an encouragement of the
means of manufacturing them. We know that
neither tea nor coffee can be produced in this
country. So the whole principle upon which I
understand a tariff of revenue with incidental pro-
tection is based, is directly violated by the adop-
tion of the principle I speak of.
There are an abundance of other articles which
are consumed largely by the wealthier classes of
the community, or articles which the community
is not compelled to have, as they are compelled
to have tea and coffee; so that whether they have
to pay any duty or not is a matter of choice. If
they choose not to buy, they can let them alone,
and* then they will have nothing to nay. But that
is nothing to say in reference to eitner tea or cof-
fee; and therefore I hope the amendment wjll not
be adopted.
Mr. SHERMAN. Unless this debate is con-
cluded soon, I must move that the committee rise,
for the purpose of terminating debate. There are
many other amendments which gentlemen desire
to discuss.
Mr. SICKLES. I hope the gentleman will al-
low the debate to proceed for a reasonable time
upon this important measure.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I move to amend
the Senate- amendment by striking out, page 6,
line fifty-four, after the word "tea,"down to the
word <s provided," in the following clause1
"Second. On colTtie, cent per pound ; on tea, when
Impnited fiom any port or place beyond tiie Capo of Good
Hope, 4 cents per pound ; when imported fiom any point
or place this side of the Cape of Good llopi;, other than in
the country where produced, 4 cents pei pound, and in ad-
dition thereto, 10 pci centum ud valorem. Provided,kc.
I have no purpose of detaining the committee
with remarks in reference to this bill, or any of
its amendments. I simply wish to propose, at
the various available and assailable points, a few
remarks in reference to amendments which I think
are wise in refuience to the intuicsts of the coun-
try, and in particular of the constituents which I
have the honor, in part, to represent. One of the
objections to this Senate amendment is, as I stated
before, the discrimination which appears on its
face between teas and coffees imported from the
places of their growth, and places to which they
may be, or have been, exported. There was a
reason originally for this distinction, and it is now
impressed upon our statute-books; but it is am-
ple time that the distinction should be removed,
rather than be increased.
Mr. SPINNER. I would ask the gentleman
from New York whether he is not aware that
there is a treaty stipulation with Holland in ref-
erence to this very subject ?
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. There is such a
treaty stipulation; and it was because of the ad-
vantage to our commerce which Holland was to
afford that it was entered into. It looked to the
carrying trade of Holland, and the advantage
which we secured to ourselves by virtue of those
stipulations of the treaty, were compensated to
Holland by our giving up to them this privilege
which was referred to by the gentleman from New
York.
Rut, as I said before, it is now proposed to ex-
tend the action of this discrimination to a com-
merce which has grown up subsequent to the pe-
riod of the stipulation referred to. I refer now to
our commerce with the East; and I read here, in
this connection, a paragraph from a letter which
I hold in my hand, authenticated by the chief im-
posing houses of New York, which I think ex-
plains to the country the reasons, as well as the
results contended forhere bythe proposed amend-
ment I have submitted.
The letter was read, as follows:
New York, January.
The undersigned, mcichants of New Yoik, lespecrfully
and uiv'nt!y icipicst that, in the new tm iff hill, now befoie
Consre^, the duty on tea and cofioe, fiom all places east
of the Cape of Good Hope, shall be removed. Tiieje is a
large and increasing trade m Japan teas. Those are neces-
sarily repacked at Shangliae, and for that reason are now
taxed with a duty of 15 per cent.
An important trade in coffee and teas from Singapore—
not accessible to American merchants cxcept at that port—
is now made unprofitable in consequence ot the duty. We
therefore sug^eyt that the schedule of articles in the new
tariff exempt from duty, be thus extended:
"Tea and coffee fiom the place of growth and produc-
tion, and from all pons and places east of the Cape ol Good
Hope, free.5'
Goodhue & Co.
Cary & Co.,
A. A. Low & Brothers,
Howland &. Aspinwall,
Aymar & Co.,
Olyphant's Son & Co.,
William A. Sale &, Co.
Emit, Hinumann & Co.,
H. P. Sturgis & Co.,
Grinnell, Minturn & Co.,
Wetmore, Oryder &*Co.,
Westray, Gibbes & IIardcastle,
Morewood & Co.,
Crooker & Warren,
Bucklin & Crane.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. And, sir,I desire-
to direct the attention of the committee to the fact
that a large trade is in existence between the
islands of theCarribean sea and Venezuela, apart
from the coffee of Venezuela; and if this amend-
ment should go into effect, we will not be able to
prosecute that trade with those islands under the
beneficial advantages of our present tariff. For
these reasons I am opposed to this featuie of the
Senate amendment.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. It is neces-
sary for us sometimes to seem to be inconsistent
I admit that the principle of the Republican party,
with regard to this tariff matter, so far as I under-
stand tliem, is not to tax tea and coffee, but to tax
those things which, by being taxed, afford not
only a revenue, but aprotection to home industry.
When we had our way here, we sent to the Sen-
ate a bill founded strictly upon thatprinciplc; but
the bill has been vastly altered. We sent the
Senate a bill abolishing the warehouse system—
a system which, in my judgment, is equal to a
protection of 15 per cent. When we sent that
bill there, I avowed that I voted for it as a tariff
for protection as well as for revenue. Such are
my sentiments; and such I believe to be the senti-
ments of most of the members upon this side of
the House. But the bill is now changed; and it
is 110 longer a protective tariff; for, without an abo-
lition of the warehouse system, there is scarcely
any protection in the bill. Theie is nothing in it
but a mode of preventing fraud, by ad valorem in-
stead of specific duties. When we sent the bill to
the Senate last year, we held it up to the people
of Pennsylvania as a protective tariff bill; and our
laborers, our miners, our mechanics came forth
from their work-shops and mountain mines, and
in the election swelled our vote to an unparalleled
extent. It went to the Senate; but there we were
stricken down in the house of our friends. The
chief feature of the bill was taken away by Eng-
lish merchants and New York politicians; and
now we have to take it as we find it, and carry the
remnant of it through.
Now, the gentleman speaks of a treaty stipu-
lation regulating commerce. 1 know it was argued
in the Senate, and controlled their action. "Let
me ask, when treaties have ever been allowed to
regulate commerce? In what part of the Consti-
tution do you find the power for the Executive to
usurp the right of regulating commerce ? To Con-
gress alone is given the power, and Congress
alone must originate revenue bills in the House
of Representatives, whose members arc immedi-
ately responsible to the people; and not the Sen-
ate, whose members are responsible to the people
only at a fal- distant period. Yet I know that the
Senate has usurped the right, not only to destroy
revenue bills—which was never intended by the
Constitution—but to make commercial treaties,
which lie wholly beyond their jurisdiction; and in
no case are such treaties constitutional, except
when they come down to the House—as they did
in the case of the recipiocal treaty with Canada—
and ask the consent of the House to them.
Mr. SPINNER. With the permission of the
gentleman, 1 will show him the authority in the
Constitution. It is found in this clause:
" Tins Omstjtiition, a?;d the Jaivw ol" the United States
which hliall tie made in pursuance thereof, and ail treaties
made, or which shall bo made, undei the authority'of the
United States, shall be the supieme law of the land.''
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. The treat-
ies made under the authority of this Constitution)
