228
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 2.
those two provisions. All the rest are matters of
sentiment, of opinion, of habit, anil of morals,
which neither Constitutions nor laws can cause
or cure.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Mr. President, if the Sen-
ator wants me to answer whether the difficulties
of which the South complains, and ill consequence
of which she refuses any longer to remain con-
federated with her sister States at the North, arise
exclusively from violations of the rights of the
South in relation to her slave property, I answer,
yes. He may take one, two, three, five, or six,
clauses of the Constitution; they all come back to
that single point—your constant, persistent war-
fare upon our property, instead of using the pow-
ers of the Federal Government to protect, pre-
serve, and cherish it.
Mr. BAKER. And thus, Mr. President, after
questioning and cross-questioning, and exercising
that power of cross-examination which in courts,
and I believe elsewhere, we sometimes call the
test of truth, I bring the Senator, as I understand
him, at last to agree that when he says in his
labored speech the difficulty uiises chiefly out of
a defective construction of the Constitution by us
Black Republicans, or us people of the North, it
is to be found upon two subjects: one in relation
to the fugitive slave question, and the other to the
government of the Territories.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Not simply as to fugitive
slaves, but all slaves.
Mr. BAKER. But that is included in this
question of territorial government, of the Wilmot
proviso, of the right of the South to take her slaves
there, and go where she pleases and as she pleases.
These are the questions 
Mr. BENJAMIN. Why, Mr. President, if the
Senator will look once again at what I said, he
will find that it does not comprise only a reference
to such slaves as escape, but he will find that we
refer constantly and openly in debate to organized
and persistent efforts on the part of entire bodies
of people at the North, with the connivance, with
the secret aid of their fellow-citizens, to rob us of
our property—not simply not returning such
slaves as may escape, but organizing means to
takeaway our property and hide it beyond our
reach, and make the fugitive slave law utterly val-
ueless, even it if was executed, by preventing our
discovering even where a slave is.
Mr. BAKER. Mr. President, I reply to that,
that is nothing more than brilliant amplification.
The point that I press the Senator upon is this—
lie has no reply to it: have you any other diffi-
culty with us about constitutional construction
except upon two subjects? I do not ask you now
whether you complain that we rob you of your
slaves. That is not the point. Do we do it under
constitutional construction' 1 repeat: take the
whole tenor of the speech, the complaint, the cata-
logue, the " dreary catalogue;" itall ends in this:
that there are differences of opinion among us of
sentiment. You complain of our bad morals and
our bad manners; you say we rob you; you say
we intend to establish a cordon of free States
around you; you say th.it we an- puiMstent in
what we do on this point; but at last, in your
better and your more candid moments, you say
that the difficulty seems to arise chiefly from a
difference in our construction of the Constitution.
I add to that, (and you will not contradict the ad-
dition,) that it is a difference m our construction
of the Constitution upon two subjects—first, the
rendition of fugitive slaves; second, the govern-
ment of the Territories so as to exclude slavery
from those Territories by the power cither of the
General Government 01 the Territorial Legisla-
ture. I think we arrive clearly at tile points to be
debated between us.
Now, sir, first, of the fugilive slave law. "What
is the construction that we give to the fugitive
slave law, of which the Senator complains? I
have already answered that question.' We did
in argument give a construction. We were de-
feated. The question went before the Supreme
Court. We were overruled. We have obeyed
that decision loyally ever m cc. Wu have never
seriously endeavored to repeal it; nor have we as
a party, nor as a North, endeavored to defeat its
execution. Nay, if we had, that is not within
the Senator's counts, because lie does not say
that the difficulty arises out of malexecution of
the fugitive slave law; but out of the differences
of opinion between us as to the construction of the
Constitution. Here I answer again, and I will
quote Mr. Lincoln, about to be inaugurated as
President of these United States—a man who seeks
to make his opinions known in all proper ways
and upon all proper occasions; a man who, for
simplicity of purpose, directness of expression, is
not surpassed in this country; a man whose hon-
esty has already worthily passed into a proverb.
You will find in the history of the debates, un-
surpassed in ability in this country, between the
distinguished Senator from Illinois, [Mr. Doug-
las,] and the President elect, that lie was asked,
and for obvious purposes, what his opinion was
upon this fugitive slave law question, and he re-
plied:
" Question, f desiie to know whether Lincoln to-day
stands, as lie did 111 1854,111 favor of the unconditional re-
peal of the fugitive slave law?
" Answer. 1 do not now, nor ever did, stand in favor of
the unconditional repeal of the fugitive slave law."—De-
bates of Lincoln eaid Douglas, p. 88.
Is that clear and distinct? And, sir, I echo
him, not because lie is President, but because he
is honest and wise and true. I, who want noth-
ing of him; I, who am not, and in no sense can
ever bo, dependent oil him; I reply with him; I,
as a Senator on this floor, repeating the opinion
of my constituents, without distinction of party,
I, too, say that I am not, have not been, never
will be, in favor of the unconditional repeal of the
fugitive slave law.
Again, sir: since the passage of that law, the
Republican party has sprung into existence. We
have had two political campaigns. In one, un-
tiied, unorganized, without reasonable grounds
for hope, we astonished ourselves, we astonished
the country, by our strength. In the other, gath-
ering together all the irresistible elements of free-
dom in the North and West, we have gained a
great political triumph, which we intend to use
wisely, but which we intend to guard well. Have
we, in any platform, in any resolutions, by any
bill, m any way evinced a disposition to repeal
that fugitive slave law? Do we not, upon all fit
occasions, say that, though many of us believe
it is a lund bargain,yet that it is so " nominated
in the bond, "and we will endure it?
Now, sir, when we make these statements—we
have made them in the canvass; 1 make tlieni
more deliberately now—what is the reply ? 1 know
it of old. Why, it is said, " While your platform
does not propose to repeal the fugitive slave law,
there are States which pass personal liberty bills."
Will gentlemen listen to our calm, frank, candid
reply? First, the sense of the whole North is
opposed to nullification, in any way or upon any
subject. We will yield obedience—and I have
said that it is a better word than submission—to
any provision of the Constitution of the United
States, as it is construed by the ultimate tribunal.
They have, aswe understand it,declared that law
to be constitutional, and to that decision we yield.
If there be States which have passed laws m vio-
lation of it, preventive of it, to hinder, to defeat,
to delay it, in my judgment—and sir, what is
of infinitely more consequence, in the judgment
of the North and West—those laws ought to bo
repealed; not because South Carolina threatens;
not because Louisiana will secede; but because
we desire to yield obedience to those highest ob-
ligations, right and duty, of which 1 made men-
tion in the commencement of this argument.
But, sir, the honorable and distinguished gen-
tleman upon the other side knows very well that
there is very serious and grave debate whether
those laws are in any sense unconstitutional. We
are told that some of them were made before the
fugitive slave law, bearing upon other questions
and directed to other objects. We are told that
the provisions of many of them are provisions
intended to guard and secure personal liberty, in-
dependent of any question as to the fugitive slave
law. But whether that be so to any extent, or to
what extent, we say that it it shall be pioved
before any competent, tribunal, and most of all,
before the Supreme Court of the United States,
that those laws, or any of them, m any of then-
provisions, uo hinder, delay, defeat the execution
of that law, " reform it altogether." Sir, speak-
ing 111 my place, with some knowledge of the
Republican party, speaking by no authority in
the worlu for the President elect, but speaking of
him because I have known him from my boyhood,
or nearly so, 1 say that, when the time arrives
that ho shall be inaugurated in this capital, and
exercise in the chair of the Chief Magistrate all
the high responsible duties of that office, he will
enforce the execution of all the laws of tins Gov-
ernment, whether revenue or fugitive slave, or
territorial or otherwise, with the whole integrity
of his character and the whole power of the Gov-
ernment. Now, 1 ask my distinguished lnend if
that is not a fair, frank reply to all the objections
lie may make as to differences of construction
about the fugitive slave law ? *
Mr. BENJAMIN. If the Senator wants the
answer now 
Mr. BAKER. Certainly, sir; let the blow fall
now.
Mr.BENJAMIN. Itisnot at all satisfactory;
not in the remotest degree.
Mr. BAKER. My honorable friend will not
say that that is a reply. If I were in court, or
elsewhere, and not in so grave a body as the
Senate of the United States, I would quote two
very celebrated lines in reply to that, to the effect
that those who suffer from the law do not always
have a good opinion of it; but I refrain. I repeat
that, in the judgment of reasonable men, that is
an answer, and a full and complete answer to the
objection made against us, that you are going to
secede because of any difference of opinion be-
tween us as to the construction of the provisions
of the Constitution and our duty about the fugitive
slave law.
There are some other observations with which
I beg leave to detain the Senate, however, upon
that subject. That can scarcely be considered one
of the objections; first because the State of South
Carolina, herself, through her only authorized
expositor, the Charleston Mercury, declares and
has declared that she believes the fugitive slave
law to be unconstitutional anyhow. One of the
most distinguished of her sons, Mr. Rhett, repeats
and emphasizes the same remark. A distinguished
gentleman, the Senator from Georgia, lately oc-
cupying the chair, not now in it, [Mr. Iikksoin,]
has said lately upon this floor that the South does
notcomplain of any construction which the North
gives to that law; nay, more, that the law is well
made, carefully guarded, just to the South, and
so far as the Federal Government is concerned',
properly executed.
Now, sir, can that be the ground of complaint,
about which South Carolina is going out? Will
she separate the bonds that have bound us to-
gether for more than seventy years, because she
does not think that we quite perfectly obey a law
which she, herself, in the person of her most dis-
tinguished servants, declares to be unconstitu-
tional? Not so, sir. Or will Georgia follow the
illustrious example of South Carolina, and desert
the Republic, when her representative on this
floor declares that upon that subject the North
performs all its obligations ? These are questions
which I leave to their honor and their dignity to
decide.
-Again, sir, the distinguished Senator from Louis-
iana points out in the dreary catalogue, (and, as I
hold, it is the chicf cause of complaint,) the con-
struction which the North gives to the Constitu-
tion on the subject of the government of the Ter-
ritories; and the first, or if not the first in that
exact charge, first in the general charge—and 1
will meet it here and now—is that we persistently
refuse to consider, or in other and perhaps better
words, that we deny, that slaves are property.
Now that is a very serious ground of complaint.
It is very persistently made. It is vol y frequently
repeated. Nay, more, I do believe that there are
people who are firmly convinced that that is true;
but the honorable Senator fiom Louisiana ought
not to be one of them. I believe I do not mis-
quote you, sir.
Air. BENJAMIN. Docs the Senator deny that
that is the proposition maintained r
Mr. BAKER, I do, sir,
Mr. BENJAMIN. That is precisely the prop-
osition your side of the house voted down in our
committee. They refused to vote that slaves were
propeity. They voted against it.
Mr. IJAKEll. I will meet tliet directly I do
not meet it at this moment, bceause it in some
wise breaks the line of thought Unit I intend to
pursue; but if before 1 close, i fail to allude to it,
I shall be obliged to the courtesy of the Senator
fiom Louisiana to remind me of it again.
Mr. Webster, a great authority, in a speech
which he delivered upon the bill clouting the Ter-
