1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ritory of Oregon, in which he advocated the inclu-
sion of the Wilmot proviso, and perhaps through
whose influence it was then done, speaking upon
this subject of slavery and slave property, held
the following language; language which I believed
then, and I believe now, embodies the general, I
may say the universal, opinion of the Republi-
cans, if not the whole North, upon that subject.
Mr. DOOL1TTLE read, as follows:
" The southern States have peculiar laws, and by those
laws there is propeityin slaves. This is purely local. The
real meaning, then, of southern gentlemen in making this
complaint is, that they cannot go into the Territoi ies of the
United States carrying with them their own peculiar law,
a law wh'ich creates property in persons. This, according
to their own statement, is all the ground of complaint they
have. Now here, I think, gentlemen are unjust towards
us. How unjust they are, others will judge. Generations
that will come al'ter us will judge. Itwilinot be contended
that this sort of peisonal slavery exists by general law. It
exists only by local law. 1 do not mean to deny the valid-
ity of that local law where it is established; but I say it is,
after all, nothing but loeal law; it is nothing more; and
wherever that local law does not extend, propeity in per-
sons docs not exist."
Mr. BAKER. Now, sir, I submit to the hon-
orable Senator from Louisiana that that is a clear
exposition of the opinion of what I think I may
say is the universal North upon that point. If
that be the ground of complaint, I proceed to meet
it historically and argumentatively. If there be
any other ground of complaint upon that, if that
be not a clear statement of what he supposes we
really do believe, if wo have any other heresy in-
corporated with that, which that does not really
express, I will wait now for a declaration upon
that sub ject. I take it for granted then, Mr. Pres-
ident, that that is the causc of complaint that we
of the North 
Mr. BENJAMIN. It is difficult to follow a
line of argument in this interrupted way; but I
will state to the Senator that the complaint of the
South is: that forming a part of one common Gov-
ernment, and owning that which was recognized
as property by all the States at the time of Ihe
formation of the Constitution, the North now un-
dertakes to say thatundor that Constitution slaves
are not property when found within the jurisdic-
tion of the Federal Government outside of the
State. We complain that the Federal Govern-
ment docs not recognize slaves as property in the
Territories at the same time that it does recognize
slaves us property on the high seas; and we do
not understand upon what ground it can be pre-
tended that our slaves are property protected by
the law of nations, and by the General Govern-
ment under the law of nations, on the high seas,
and not property in the Territories which belong
to the whole United States.
Mr. BAKER. Mr. President, I understand
that what the distinguished Senator has now said
is nothing more than specifying by items all the
causes of complaint which are at last embodied
in the original speech to which I am to reply.
There is certainly this difference of opinion be-
tween us now: we do believe that slavery is the
creature of local law, and does not, of its own
force and power, extend beyond that jurisdiction.
We do believe, when Senators claim the contrary,
and insist as a cause of grievance that we do not
agree with them, that they attempt to interpolate
a new reading of the Constitution, and violate the
cardinal belief which has been entertained in other
and better days by all the distinguished statesmen
of this country, by every party, by every organ-
ization, and beyond that, which is now enter-
tained by the whole civilized world. Slavery is
the creature of local law. When we say that, do
we deny that it is property at all? Do we doubt
that it can be made the subject of bargain and sale
according to law? Cannot a note orabond,given
in consideration of the purchase or sale of a slave,
be enforced in the courts of an y free States? Why,
sir, the whole extent of our offense is to be found
alone m the earnest repetition of the great doc-
trines of civilized humanity—the common law, the
universal law, from the beginning of the world.
I will not believe that, for that offense, thegen-
tleman would leave us; because, sir, it is an of-
fense not peculiar to us. It does not originate with
my honorable and distinguished friend from New
York, [Mr. Seward.] Following his lead, as I
have done for many years with pleasure and with ,
pride upon most subjects, 1 have, in forming that j
opinion, followed a lead still move illustrious tluin j
Ins own. Turning lor example mid comfort m j
that opinion cuuuml me, I go iar beyond the limits
of the Republican party, and find support in the
opinions of all parties. Sir, the State of South
Carolina lias lmd many distinguished Senators.
She has been zealously and ably represented. I
propose to show that, as late as 1850, a distin-
guished Senator from South Carolina, not now
present among us, and whose loss, I have, no
doubt, South Carolina has cause deeply to deplore,
affirmed in this Chamber the very doctrine on
account of which gentlemen now propose to dis-
solve this Union. Mr. Butler said, in his speech
of February 12^1850, as follows; and having said
that, he was replied to by the distinguished Sen-
ator from Illinois, [Mr. Douglas;] both of which
I ask leave to read.
Mr. DOOLITTLE read, as follows:
" I wish to ask the Senator from Illinois [Mr. Douglas}
whether the South, or any southern member, or anybody
else upon this floor, or anywhere else, has Introduced a
proposition to extend slavery ? Has there ever been a prop-
osition to extend it? Never; we have never expressed
such a wish. We want no extension. Hands off. Let
us alone; that is all we ask. Yet it is here asserted, as if
it were positively a proposition made by the South, that we
want to extend slavery. Sir, there have been too many
amendments to prohibit, but none to extend slavery.
"Mr. Douglas was glad the Senator from South Caro-
lina had asked that question. His (Mr, D.'s) constituents
had believed the South called on us to extend slavery into
the Territories. The impression has unfortunately gone
forth in the Notth, that the South asks the North to come
fonvaid to their aid, and to extend slavery into the Terri-
tories now free. [ have uniformly maintained that the
South asked no such thing as was imputed to them; that
they utterly denied it; that they not only expressed no do-
sire to do this, but utterly denied that it was in the power
of Congress to do it; that the position of southern gentlemen
was that Congress had 110 powei to legislate on this subject,
either lor or against."
Mr. BAKER. Now, sir, I have a right to as-
sume, as I do believe, that that was the opinion
of South Carolina then. If it be not really and
truly the opinion of South Carolina now, I
appeal 4{ from Philip drunk to Philip sober."
Sir, I press the gentleman still further with an
authority wluch, lately, he would not have been
disposed to deny. I shall read from a speech
made by the gentleman who yet, for the good or
the evil of this Republic, presides over its desti-
nies, on the 25th day of January, 1845; not to
show so much what the South then believed, as
to show what opinions were entertained by the
mostdistinguished Democrats of the country with
whom, then, the South was in strict alliance, and
whom they rewarded by the highest situations in
their gift, as evidence of their approbation of their
fidelity and good service. In 1844, the Demo-
cratic party, or at least a portion of it, including
Mr. Buchanan, then a Senator of the United
States, advocated the annexation of Texas on the
ground that it would limit and narrow, instead
of extending the institution of slavery. In Mr,
Buchanan's spccch of 4th June, 1844, he said:
" In arriving at the conclusion to support this treaty, 1
had to encounter but one serious objection, and this was
the question of slavery. Wmle I have ever maintained,
and ever shall maintain, the constitutional rights of the
southern States, over their &lave property, I yet feel a strong
repugnance, hy any act of mine, to extend the present lim-
its ol the Union over a new slaveholding Territory. After
mature rejection, however, 1 overcame these scruples, and
now believe the acquisition of Texas will be the means of
limiting, not enlarging, the dominion ot slavery."
Such was the opinion of Mr. Buchanan, now
President of these United States. I repeat that
I quote the two passages together—one from
South Carolina and the other from Pennsylvania;
one from Senator Butler, the other from Presi-
dent Buchanan; one the leader of the South, the
other the leader of the Democracy—to show that
there was between them then a perfect acqui-
escence of opinion upon the subject; and that that
which is called heresy in us now, was in them
orthodoxy pure and perfect.
But, sir, to rise from the lesser to the greater,
to speak of him who, in the hearts of his coun-
trymen, was first in honor as in place—Harry of
the West—let us see what were the opinions
which he expressed upon the subject as late as
1850.
Mr. DOOLITTLE read, as follows:
" Mr. Clay, 011 the -2-lth of Julv, 1850, said :
" In my opinion., theiefote. the supposition that the Con-
stitution'of the United States- earner t-laveiy into Califor-
nia, buppo-=mg hei not to be State, b an a-fcumpucm to-
tally utisv.uianted bv the Con-ututior: Wli\- if Ut£ Con-
stitution jrave the privilege. 1: womd be incompetent lor
Caiiioima to adopt the piovi.-.oi> (excluding slavery) which
<-h° h<i> ni her constitution. The Constitution ot the Lni-
t"(l b'-in:? '-up: 'iiu1, n<> Sr it«* eouhl p.i=- an eiuiei-
ni-'ii: in < jiitir.veutiun of tiic Constitution My 1 tiles of
interpreting the Constitution are tho good old rules ©f '98
and '99. I have never in ray life deviated from those rules.
If, in any instance, the power to carry slaves into the Ter-
ritories is guarantied you by the Constitution, or is an in-
cident necessary to the carrying out of any other power
that is delegated in the Constitution, I have been uBable
to perceive it. You cannot put your finger on the part of
the Constitution which conveys the right or the power to
carry Slaves from one of the States of the Union to any
Territory of the United States, nor can I admit for a single
moment that there are any separate or several rights upon
the part of the States, or individual members of a Stat?, or
any portion of the people of the United States, to carry
slaves into the Territories, under the idea that those Ter-
ritories are held in common between the several States.
It is joint property, held hy a common trustee for the gen-
eral good, and to be administered by the General Govern-
ment, according to its deliberate judgment of what wilt
best promote the common happiness and prosperity, and do
justice to all.55
Mr. BAKER. Such, sir, was the opinion of
the great leader of the Whig party.
I read now to overwhelm, as I trust, the Sena-
tor, with authority which cannot be disputed or
denied, the opinion of the great leader of the Dem-
ocratic party, Mr. Cass.
Mr. DOOLITTLE read, as follows:
"Mr. Cass, November 4,1854, at Detroit, said:
" The assumption which I have referred to is, that Ma-
very is essential to the equal enjoyment of the public
domain. Now, the public domain exists as weli in the
States as in the Territories, and every act of Congress in
relation to its sale and settlement is equally in force where
ever jyi acre of public land is to be found. There is not one
statute upon this subject which docs not operate as fully in
Ohio as in Oregon. If, therefore, the credit of the United
States gives to the slaveholder the right to take his peculiar
property to the public domain, how happens it that the
public domain is closed to him the moment a State consti-
tution is formed acd slavery excluded from it? Does tho
constitution of a State overrule arid override that of the
United States? Such is not tne reading of the general Con-
stitution, which discloses its own supremacy upon all mat -
ters committed to it over the constitutions of the States.
Either, therefore, this claim ot the expansive powerof sla-
very over the public domain is unfounded, or slaves may
be taken to Ohio, or to any other of the new States where
any portion of the public land is yet unsold."
Mr. BAKER. Mr. President, 1 have now-
quoted gentlemen who, in the modern phrase, are,
us I apprehend, to be classed as "conservative"
men. By the by, I do not know butthat I ought
to apologize for the use of that word conserva-
tive. I do not profess very well to understand
it. I apprehend that whatever we believe is con-
servative, and whatever somebody else believes
is not. I am reminded of the old lines arising
out of the Jacobite controversy:
<< God bless the faith; God bless the faith's defender;
God bless—no haim in blessing—the Pretender I
Who the Pretender is, and who tlie King—
God bless my soul, that's quite another thing."
And I apologize, therefore, for saying conserv-
ative. They are better than that. They are men;
great, able, wise, true, devoted to the country,
the whole country, its Constitution, its glory and
renown. The one has gone to his final rest,
where neither malice nor envy can reach him
more. He has gone to that rest amid the tears
and prayers of generations crowded around him
to the last. The other has shown in a great crisis
that he loved his country more than he loved
either State, or place, or power, or party. May
his memory remain green in the American heart
forever and forever!
Mr. KING, if the Senator will give way—as
he has already spoken a long time—and in order
that he may finish liis speech to-morrow, I will
move that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. POLK. What is that motion?
Mr. KING. The Senator gives way to a mo-
tion to adjourn, so as to complete his speech to-
morrow.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Bigier.
in the chair.> The question is on the motion to
adjourn.
Mr. BROWN. Perhaps it is not proper foi
me to interfere in a matter of this sort 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. A simple mo-
tion to adjourn cannot be debated.
Mr. BROWN. The Senator from Illinois, now
absent, [Mr. Douglas,] proposes to take the
floor to-morrow, and if we ad journ now, itneces-
sarily interferes with that arrangement; and un-
less the Senator from Oregon is unable to go on,
I am unwilling to assent to the motion.
Mr. KING. The Senator, I understand, will
be able to complete what he has to say in about
an hour. I trust the Senator will pursue the ordi-
nary course in this matter. The Senator from
Oregon has already spoken over two hours,
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
