1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1189
shall be the supreme law of the land, and so shall
all laws. But in the distribution of' the treaty-
making power, no power was given to regulate
commerce. The commercial power is given solely
to Congress, and this body only has power to
originate this measure, and no commercial treaty
made, or which ever can be made, by the Execu-
tive, with the Senate, will be right and constitu-
tional, except sanctioned by this body. But lam
obliged to forego some of my principles—notallof
them—not in point of principle, but simply in point
of policy. I am obliged to swallow this bill just as
it is, or I know it will not be swallowed at all. I
have seen sufficient upon that side of the House
to convince me that there is a determination to
defeat the bili if possible, and if it is sent to a
committee of conference, let me tell my friends,
that it will not pass at all. You will never pass
it at all; and God knows, whether next year there
will be a Republican party any more than there
is a Democratic party. We have no Republican
party in the Senate now, and tliey have no Dem-
ocratic party; and a year hence, we cannot tell
whether there will be any party at all.
[Here the hammer fell.]
"Mr. GROW. I desire to offer an amendment
to the amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. There is an amendment
to the amendment already pending.
The question was taken An Mr. John Cocii-
eane's amendment to the amendment; and it was
disagreed to.
The question recurred on Mr. &uarles's
amendment.
Mr. GROW. 1 move pro forma to reduce the
amount from "four" to " two."
Mr. Chairman, in levying a tariff, there are
two objects to be accomplished. The leading, pri-
mary, and all-important one is, to raise revenue
enough to support the Government. That must
be accomplished, if possible; otherwise the tariff
would be a failure. While raising the revenue
neccssary for the support of the Government, all
the interests of the country should receive such
protection as can be secured to them, and at the
same time accomplish the leading and primary
object of a tariff for the collection of revenue ne-
cessary for the support of the Government.
Then, Mr. Chairman, what is the condition of
the finances of the country ? Within the last four
years $80,000,000 have been added to the national
debt, and some means must be provided for liqui-
dating it. The current expenditures of the Gov-
ernment have also to be paid. Now, sir, is it pos-
sible to raise revenue enough for that purpose,
unless duties are imposed on all articles imported
m this country that will bear them ? In my judg-
ment no tariff can be, at this time, so arranged as
to raise sufficient revenue to meet the wants of
the Government, and provide for this national
debt entailed upon us by this Administration.
Even with the tax upon tea and coffee it will not
be possible, I apprehend, to raise revenue enough
to meet the wants of the Government. I ask,
then, why Representatives of the people should
hesitate to impose duties so as, if possible, to
raise the revenues necessary to meet the wants of
the country. We have incurred $80,000,000 of
debt within four years, and a surplus of £21,000,000
lias been expended in that time. The necessary
expenditures of the Government have to be met.
if, for that purpose, it becomes necessary to tax
tea and cotlee, and every other article on the free
list, is it not the duty of the Representatives of
the people to impose such taxes in order to meet
the obligations of the country, and not stand on
the question of popular prejudices ? I believe that
it is the duty of Congress to-day to impose duties
upon every single article now imported into the
country duty flee, if they cannot raise the neces-
sary revenue without doing so, no matter whether
they have ever been taxed before or not. That
is not the question. We have a national debt, m
all, of §100,000,000; and everybody knows that
the expenses of the Government for the next year
cannot possibly be reduced below $50,000,000.
You cannot raise the requisite revenue unless
everything which will bear taxation receives its
share; and' this tax upon tea and coffee is limited
to two years, while the duty lias been reduced
on sugar as some compensation. I ask gentle-
men who are so clamorous against taxing these
articles, and yet insist oil taxing sugar, what is
their reason? Sugar and salt are two indispens-
ables without which human life cannot be sus-
tained; and yet they are to be taxed, while tea
and coffee, which are not necessary to the support
of human life, they claim should be free.
Mr. MA\'NARD. Sugar and salt are pro-
duced m our own country.
Mr. GROW. I do not care where the articles
are produced. God Almighty has so decreed that
you cannot raise the necessary quantity of sugar
to supply the wants of this country. There is not
land enough susceptible of sugar cultivation to
raise the quantity necessary for the consumption
of the country. You cannot override the laws of
God,and raise a sufficient amountof sugarin this
country to meet the wants of our people. Why,
then, do gentlemen argue against the imposition
of taxes upon tea and coffee for the benefitof the
labor of the country—which we claim to have as
near to our hearts as any men—while they allow
taxes to be imposed upon sugar and salt, which
are indispensable to tiie support of human life'
Tea and coffee are not at all necessary for the
support of human life, and I believe that one half
of the human family would be better if they used
half the quantity of tea and coffee which they now
do. But it is only for two years as it stands, in
order to meet present exigencies.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. JENKINS. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania announces that according to his theory
the two primary principles which should regulate
the levying of taxes through the operation of a
tariff, are, first, to raise sufficient revenue; and,
secondly, to give incidental protection to those
articles which may be produced in our own coun-
try. Now, it seems to me that the gentleman from
Pennsylvania has left out the most cardinal of all
the principles which should prevail ill laying taxes
upon the people through the operations of a tariff.
I think, sir, that the most, cardinal principle, or
second only to the idea of raising sufficient reve-
nue, would be to levy the taxes in such a way
that they may operate equally upon all classes,
according to their ability to pay. Now, under the
systems of taxation as practiced by our State gov-
ernments, we know that property is taxed as it
should be, that is to say, m proportion to its ca-
pacity to pay. But under the operations of a tariff
you call tax the laboring classes to death, and you
can leave the property of the country almost ex-
clusively untaxed; and that is precisely the effect
of the idea upon which the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania seems to predicate all his tariff notions.
Sir, I wish the country to know that the Re-
publican party, who have been interesting them-
selves so much in behalf of four million negroes
in the South, the very day that they are about to
come into power, and when they already have the
power in the popular branch of the Government,
propose to grind down with taxes twice that num-
ber of millions of laboring white men, both in the
North and the South. Sir, by taxing tea and cof-
fee, as the gentleman proposes, articles of which
the poor labonngrnan consumes almost as much,
and sometimes more, than the millionaire, you
make the former pay as much to support the Gov-
ernment as the latter. Is this just, is it honest,
is it fair, thus, through the legerdemain of a tariff,
to plunder the laboring classes ' But we are told
that the people will not/eeiit;' that they will actu-
ally never know it! Sn,the people will know it.
You mistake the intelligence of those who earn
their bread by the daily sweat of their brow. But
suppose they should not know it; suppose, as
you think, tiiat they should mistake the rise in
price of tea and coffee, and attribute it to some
other cause which sometimes occasion fluctuations
in the price of those articles: does that make it
right ? Does it not thereby become the greater
wrong, thus to plunder the people by practicing
upon their credulity?
Mr. GROW. I withdraw my amendment to the
amendment.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to strike out" four,"
and insert " three," in line fifty-five. I do it
merely for the purpose of saying that I desire to
bring the debate in relation to this question to a
close. I do not think it important that we should
go into a general discussion as to the principles
of a revenue or a protective tariff; but I will say
this, m relation to this bill, that it is a revenue
tariff, with moderate discrimination in favor of the
industry of the country. Now, the tariff of 5846
was called a revenue measure. I do not hesitate
to say that the duties imposed by this bill are not
up to the mark of the bill 6f 1846; the rates upon
very many articles are much lower. The promi-
nent distinction is, that this bill merely translates
ad valorems into specifics. Then, in relation 'to
another feature of the bill, as to protecting tte
interests of the. laboring men, or the cotnpaya-
tively rich men: if there is any departure from the
principle of moderate discrimination, which I havp
mentioned, it is in'relation to those articles which
are consumed by the' wealthy, such as wines,
liquors, silks, linens, woolens, expensive carpets,
and almost everything of that luxurious charac-
ter. These are all taxed as high as it is possible
to do, and at the same time not so high as to be
destructive to the commerce of the country.
Now, a single word, Mr. Chairman, in regard
to thedutyonteaand coffee. Letmesay,although
I am opposed to it, that a cup of tea or coffee will
not cost a single mill more to the consumer, with
this duty, than it costs now; for the duty is re-
duced on sugar nearly as much as it is increased
on tea and coffce.
Mr. DAWES. Then, I want to ask my friend
how the revenue is increased by imposing a duty
on tea and coffee, and reducing it on sugar?
Mr. MORRILL. I will tell thegentleman how.
The jobbers,and retailers of tea make an extrav-
agant profit on the article, but will hardly be able
to raise their prices, though it may cost them a
trifle more; and if the fact of the duty being im-
posed were not published in the newspapers, the
consumers would never know, from the price, that
a tariff had been levied on tea at all.
Mr. DAWES. But that does not show how
you help the revenue by imposing duty on tea
and coffee, and reducing it on sugar.
Mr. MORRILL. We help it in this way. The
amount of reduction on sugar is not so much as
the amount levied on tea and coffee. The change
increases the revenue somcwhereabout$l,500,000
to $2,000,000; and yet I say the consumer will
never feel it.
1 think, Mr. Chairman, that we have got all the
merits of this matter already before the commit-
tee; and unless there be a disposition to take the
vote now, I will move that the committee rise, so
that we may go into the House and close debate
on this amendment.
Mr. SICKLES. I hope debate will not be
closed on that question, as it is one of the princi-
pal questions presented by the bill.
The CHAIRMAN". Does the gentleman from
Vermont make the motion that the committee rise?
Mr. MORRILL. I make that, motion.
Mr. SICKLES. I beg the gentleman to with-
draw the motion, ltisavery extraordinary thing,
at all events, to cutoff all general debate on arev-
enue bill.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is not in order on
a motion that the committee rise.
Mr. SICKLES. The understanding is that
debate is not to close on these amendments till
one o'clock.
Mr. MORRILL. But there are many other
amendments to be considered.
Mr. SICKLES. I hope that ten minutes longer
will be allowed on this amendment.
Mr. MORRILL. Well, with the understand-
ing that debate on this amendment will close in
ten minutes, 1 will withdraw my motion.
Mr. SICKLES. I cannot, sir, yield to the
persuasive rhetoric of the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr Grow] who last addressed the com-
mittee. He exclaimed, sir, with well-affected
earnestness, that we ought to come up here and
vote millions to redeem the obligations put out by
the outgoing Administration. Sir, I tell that dis-
tinguished political economist that Providence—
good fortune—is doing moie for the credit of the
country than all the statesmen on that side of the
House can ever do with their protective tariff, for
the extinguishment of national obligations. For-
tune and Providence are sending over to the mar-
kets of Europe unprecedented millions of Ame(-
ican products, which must be paid for, by the
laws of trade, in exportations from Europe; and
the imposts on them thus coming into the Treas-
ury, if we do not exclude them by this protec-
tionist policy, will enable you to get the means
to pay your debts. Your policy on that side of
the House is just to defeat the very object which
you profess to have in view. You deprive the
country of the importations in return for our ex-
