280
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 2,
to adjourn cannot be debated. The Chair, how-
ever, will hear a suggestion.
Mr. POLK. I merely wish to suggest that it
will be probably better to have an executive ses-
sion.
Mr. KING. There is no objection to that.
lilr. POLK. A message has just come in from
the President.
Mr. KING. Then I will withdraw the mo-
tion to adjourn, and move to go into executive
session.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion to
adjourn is withdrawn, and the Senator from New
York moves that the Senate proceed to the con-
sideration of executive business. That is the
question now before the Senate.
SURRENDER OF PROPERTY TO THIS STATES.
Mr. DAVIS. Before that motion is put, I should
like to offer a resolution, which can be read for
information, and laid on the table.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
hears no objection. The resolution will be read.
The Secretary road it the first time. It is en-
titled "A joint resolution (S. No. 53) in relation to
the militia of the States, the condition of the forts,
magazines, arsenals, and dock-yards, military
power, withdrawal of troops from garrisons on
the application of a State, and the recognition of
the right of ^ State to keep troops and ships of
war by proclamation of the President."
Mr. ICING. The Senator proposes, as I un-
derstand, to let that resolution lie over.
Mr. DAVIS. That it#be printed, and lie on
the table.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That will be
understood as the sense of the Senate, unless
objected to.
The resolution was ordered to lie on the table,
and be printed.
ADJOURNMENT.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now recurs on the motion of the Senator from
New York, that the Senate proceed to the con-
sideration of executive business.
Mr. CLINGMAN. i desire .simply to say
that I do not like to do anything discourteous to
the Senator from Oregon, [Mr. Baker;] but when
the Senator from Illinois [Mr. Douglas] left an
hour since, he said to me: " I suppose there is
a distinct understanding that 1 am to have the
floor to-morrow r" I told him I so regarded it.
" Well," said he, " I hope nothing will occur to
prevent my occupying it." 1 shall not consent,
therefore, or at least 1 think it is not just to lum,
to agree to this motion. I think, after having
given up the floor to-day, he should not be pre-
vented from occupying it to-morrow. If there
can be an understanding that the Senator from
Oregon will finish the day after to-morrow, I will
very cheerfully agree to it.
Mr. LATIIAM. That is fast day.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Well, the day when the
Senate next meets.
Mr. KING. . 1 apprehend there will be no dif-
ficulty upon the part of the Senator from Illinois,
who is absent. From cou\eis tion which I have
heard, that is my opinion. The Senator from
Oregon will occupy but an hour, leaving the resi-
due of the day to the Senator from Illinois. It
is very possible that the Senator from Illinois will
desire more time than a single day. If so, I shall
be willing to give it to him. Let this discussion
go on. I am sorry to see gentlemen on the other
side so sensitive.
Mr. CLINGMAN. There is no disposition
on this side of the Senate to avoid hearing either
the Senator from New Yoik, or his fi iend; but as
a matter of common justice to the Senator fiom
Illinois, who had the floor to-day, as he supposed,
and who yielded it with a distinct understanding
of the Senate that lie could occupy it to-morrow,
1 make this statement. My vote will be in ac-
cordance with that understanding.
Mr. BAKER. I am quite sure, if the Senate
think proper to indulge me until to-morrow, in the
courtesy to which 1 have, perhaps, very little
claim, that I can finish all I propose to say, as
fully as it is in my power to do, in about an hour.
I do not believe that my distinguished friend from
Illinois, not now present, will make any objec-
tion to that. But, professing myself quite igno-
rant of the rules of the Senate and of the manner
in which debate has been hitherto conducted, I
refer myself entirely to its judgment, not holding
it a matter of complaint if they should not deem
it fit to hear me at all. ♦
Mr. CLINGMAN. Then, if it be understood
that the Senator from Illinois is entitled to the
floor to-morrow, I have no objection if he volun-
tarily yields the floor to the Senator from Oregon.
I have no more interest in the speech of one than
of the other; but, as 1 happen to sit next the Sen-
ator from Illinois, and he made this statement to
me, I felt it due to him that I should give it to the
Senate.
Mr. KING. No such understanding, of course,
can exist. I apprehend that the Senatorfrom Illi-
nois will not have the slightest objection to the
Senator from Oregon completing what he has to
say to-morrow.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion to proceed to the consideration
of executive business.
The motion was not agreed to; there being, on
a division—ayes 21, noes 22.
Mr. KING. I made the motion to go into ex-
ecutive session on the suggestion of gentlemen on
the other side. I will now renew the motion that
the Senate adjourn.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope not. I will ask
my friend to withdraw it. 1 desire to renew the
motion to go into executive session.
Mr. KING. For that purpose I yield.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understands the Senator from Illinois to renew
the motion for an executive session.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes, sir; I do.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hope I may be allowed
a single word. I cannot believe that gentlemen
on the other side will so far depart from the uni-
form custom of the Senate, as to deny to a new
Senator, who says he has spoken until he is ex-
hausted, and has no longer the physical power to
continue, the opportunity to continue his speech
to-monow; for that is the simple question.
Mr. DAVIS. What is the question ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. The question is, whether
we shall go into executive session; the reason
being that the Senator who now occupies the floor
says he is unable to proceed from exhaustion.
Mr. DAVIS. Let him so on to-morrow.
Mr. FESSENDEN^ Undoubtedly. That is
the reason why the motion is made; but it is said
he cannot continue to-morrow.
Mr. DAVIS. I understand the Senator from
North Carolina to put in a claim for the Senator
from Illinois.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Undoubtedly.
Mr. DAVIS. I am very sure that the Senator
from Illinois would waive any claim to the floor
under the circumstances.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is precisely what I
was about to say.
Mr. DAVIS. If the Senator is unable to go
on, I do not suppose there will be any objection
to an adjournment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The motion was made
with that view, and I was about to observe 
Mr. DAVIS. I did not hear what passed, and
did not vote. I am sure my friends here, if they
have voted the proposition down, (for I did not
even observe that,) could not have understood
that the Senator from Oregon said he was ex-
hausted, and unable to go on.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I trust not. 1 presume
they could not have understood it.
Mr. MASON. Will the Senator indulge me a
moment? The motion was made to go into ex-
ecutive session, and it was overruled, 1 think the
Senator is wrong if he interprets that negative
vote to any intimation of a purpose not to hear
the Senator from Oregon. There arc other rea-
sons, perhaps, for not goingintoexeeutive session.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 am willing that the vote
shall be taken without further remark. I was
about to say, when the Senator from Mississippi
interrupted me for the purpose of explanation,
that from my acquaintance with the ordinary
courtesy and sentiments of the honorable Senator
from Illinois, lam sure that, for the sake of speak-
ing an hour earlier or later, he would not compel
his friend to speak when he is exhausted to-night.
- Mr. CLINGMAN. 1 beg leave simply to say
that f have no feeling or wish in the matter. I
made the statement which I did at the suggestion
of the Senator from Illinois, as he was leaving
the Chamber. The Senate can settle it. 1 have,
of course, no interest whatever in it. If it is the
wish of the Senate to go into executive session,
I have no objection.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Certainly we have no
objection.
Mr. POLK. Mr. President, I move that the
Senate adjourn.
Mr. LANE. Oh, no; let us go into executive
session.
Several Senators. Let us have an executive
session.
Mr. POLK. I prefer to let the vote be taken
on the motion to adjourn.
Mr. SLIDELL. I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The motion to adjourn was not agreed to.
Mr. SLIDELL. I ask for a division on that
motion.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Now I renew the motion
to go into executive session. There is a commu-
nication from the President. Let us know what
it is.
Mr. SLIDELL. I called for the yeas audnays
on the motion to adjourn.
Mr. LANE. I will remind the Chair that the
Senator from Louisiana called for a division on
the motion to adjourn, and the question was not
decided so as to make it certain. I hope we shall
have a division, to see whether the Senate is not
inclined to adjourn.
Mr. SEWARD. Let us have the question on
the motion to adjourn by yeas and nays.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. ThcChairhad
decided that question. He certainly did not hear
the Senator from Louisiana.
Mr. SLIDELL. I think I appealed in time.
It is a matter of perfect indifference to me I ask
for the yeas and nays on the question of going
into executive session.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator ask for the yeas and nays on the motion to
adjourn, or to go into executive session?
Mr. SLIDELL. On the question of adjourn-
ment. 1 am perfectly willing to have the vote
taken on that.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will entertain that call on the question of ad-
journment.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question being put, there were, on a divis-
ion—ayes twenty-four.
Mr. SEWARD. What is the question?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On the motion
to adjourn.
Mr. SEWARD. I thought it was a call for
the yeas and nays* I rose for the-purpose of
seconding the demand for the yeas and nays. I
beg not to be countcd.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair un-
derstood the Senator from Louisiana to call for
the yeas and nays. They were not ordered. He
then called for a division, and the Chair accord-
ingly is making the division on the motion to
adjourn.
Mr. SEWARD. Let us have the question over
again. It is not understood. I thought it was a
call for the yeas and nays.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
state the question. It is moved that the Senate
do now adjourn.
Mr. SEWARD. On that question, I ask for
the yeas and nays.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On the motion
to adjourn, the yeas and nays are called for.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BROWN. Before the vote is taken, I de-
sire to ask the Senator from Oregon, whether he
desires an adjournment; because that will control
my vote. If the Senator himself desires an ad-
journment, I will vote for it.
Mr. BAKER. If my wish were consulted,
(and I am under great obligations to the gentle-
man for offering to consult it,) I would desire to
be allowed a reasonable time within the habit of
the Senate to conclude what I may have to say
to-morrow.
Mr. BROWN. Very well.
Mr. DAVIS. The Senator has stated that lie
was exhausted, and I suppose there will be no
question about letting him have more time.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish to have this matter
perfectly understood. I believe it is now agreed
on both sides that the Senator from Oregon may
finish his remarks to-morrow. This vote, there-
