1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1191
Rarely, indeed, in these degenerate days, is it
given us to witness such an instance of fidelity to
engagement, of the fulfillmentof obligations with-
out regard to consequences, as is exhibited by the
Republican party in this lull of indemnity to the
ironmongers of Pennsylvania. It is a draft on
the Treasury of the United States for payment in
full for service rendered the Republican causc by
the protectionists of Pennsylvania. No matter
how heavily it weighs on the industrial energies
of the country: no matter how it may fetter the
wings of commerce 
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. DAWES. I ask the pardon of the gentle-
man from Virginiafor interrupting him; but I do
not ask his pardon for correcting his statement,
when he says the Abolitionists of New England
are ill favor of protection. If he knows the sen-
timents of a single Abolitionist in New England,
he knows that they are both free-trade men and
disunionists, like himself. [Applause in the gal-
leries.]
Mi. McKENTY. 1 move a pro forma amend-
mend. The gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Pryor]
has insinuated the alliance of Pennsylvania with
the Abolitionists of New England. I repudiate
the insinuation as unjust. I have been educated
in the Democratic school of politics, and represent
on this floor a Democratic county that gave James
Buchanan, in 1856, a majority of neaily seven
thousand. If the gentleman from Virginia says
wo are allied with the Abolitionists of New Eng-
land, or anywhere else, 1 tell him that he utters
that which, on full reflection, he would not say.
I am here to represent the interests of Pennsylva-
nia, and so far as I am able I will do so. Every
one knows that Pennsylvania has suffered for
wantof protection in her industrial interests. Our
workshops have been closed and our workmen
are out of employment. We have suficred long
and patiently by leason of the action of thisGov-
ernment; yet, unlike the gentleman, we have not
madly proposed a dissolution of this Union. We
have grievances in Pennsylvania, and have had
them for years; yet I think I can say for the peo-
ple of that State that, although their industrial
interests are paralyzed, they would rather beg
from door to door than raise an impious hand
against the noble fabric of our common Govern-
ment. The gentleman from Virginia cannot say
as much. Because there are grievances in the
South, he would therefore dissolve the Union.
Pennsylvania is true to the Union; and she now
asks of Congress the passage of this tariff bill,
that her workshops may be opened and employ-
ment given to fier people.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair feels it to be
his duty to state that the debate so far has not
been strictly in accordance with the order ot the
House making these amendments of the Senate to
the tariff bill the special order ill this committee.
Gentlemen will therefore confine themselves lit re-
after to the pending amendment.
The question was taken on Mr. McKunty's
amendment to the amendment; and it was dis-
agreed to.
"The question then recurred upon Mr. Pryor s
amendment; and it was disagreed to.
The Senate amendment was then concurred in.
Twelfth amendment:
Fiom the following proviso strike out the Hotels m black-
cis;
Piovided, That all imitations of brandy or spirit", or of
any of the said wines and all wines imported by any names
whatever, shall be subject to the duty provided tor tile gen-
uine article which tt is intended to represent, [ami to the
highest Kites of duty applicable to the aitiele of the same
name.]
The amendment was concurred in.
Thirteenth and fourteenth amendments:
tftike out k< six," and imerl " one" in liou thereof; and
insert tinee and one liiiidso that the paragraph will
read, if amended, as follows:
ProiWcd further, That brandies or other spirituous liquors
in,iv he imported in bottles, when the package s>hall contain
not' los^s than one dozen ; and all bottles shall pay u separate
duty, accoidmg to the rate established by this, act, whether
containing wines, brandies, or other spirituous liquor-, sub-
ject to duty assheiembpfoic mentioned : on ale, porter, and
Wei. m bottles, cents per gallon ; otheiwise than m bot-
tles/15 cents per gallon ; on ail spirituous liquors not enu-
muiated, 33} per centum ad valorem.
Mr. MORRILL. I will say;a word,if there be no
objection. 1 cannotallow this subject of wines to
pass without making my protest against the prin-
ciple adopted by the Senate. It seems that the Sen-
ate have changed the duties upon wines from spe-
cifics to a si mple ad valorem rate all the way through,
u pon the alleged ground that we have a treaty with
Portugal, which prevents us from levying a spe-
cificdutyupon port wine higher than we levyupon
claret, or upon sherry and Madeira a higher duty
than we levy upon Sicily or the commonest white
or red wines of Germany. I am utterly opposed
to the Senate assuming power to regulate the rev-
enue by a treaty with any Power under heaven;
it is a usurpation of the constitutional power of
this House, as the Constitution provides that
Congressshalllevy duties, and the House shall ori-
ginate revenue bills. And, at the earliest moment,
1 am ready to cooperate with any party in this
House in the assertion of the powerof this House
—its constitutional power—to levy upon wines
such rates of duty as it may think proper. But
in this instancel do not admit that any treaty even
now exists that conflicts with this power. In the
discussion which has heretofore aiisen, I think
an examination will show that the wine, and not
tlie argument of Portugal, has won a victory.
The amendments were severally concurred in.
fifteenth amendment:
Stiike out" 50 cents per pound," and In lieu thereof m-
scit ''valued at §5 oi under per thousand, 20 cents per
pound; ovei $5, and not ovci ten, 40 cents per pound;
and over $10, 60 cents per pound so that the paiagiapli
will read:
Second. On cigars of kinds, valued at §5 or under per
thousand, 20 cents per pound ; over $3, and not over $10,
40 cents per pound; and over $10, GO cents per pound, and,
in addition thereto, 10 per centum ad valorem; oil snutf, 10
cents pel pound ; on unmanufaetuied tobacco in leaf, 25
per centum ad valorem; on all other manufactured or un-
manufactured tobacco, 30 per centum ad valorem.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I move to strike
out "20 cents," and, in lieu thereof, insert " 10
cents."
Mr. Chairman, I do this for the purpose of ad-
dressing myself foi a single moment to the singu-
lar feature which this bill, in all of its parts, pre-
sents. It is proposed to simplify the system of
collecting duties so as to avoid the frauds to which
the existing system is obnoxious; and that is, to i
resort to a specific system, and avoid the corrtip-
tionswhichclingabout. the prosecution of custom-
house entries at this time. If that really were the
character of the bill, there would be a fair issue
raised between the advocates of the two systems
of ad valorem and specific, and then the friends of
each might fairly address the House and country
with the arguments belonging to each. But this
bill fails, in respect of discriminating between the
systems and selecting the preferable one. Oil
the contrary, it confounds the two. We have dis-
played throughout the bill the feature which is
offensive,particularly at this point. Right here,
the specific and ad valorem systems are so con-
founded that it will be almost impossible to ex-
ecute the law, if this be passed, as I have no doubt
that it will.
Mr. COX. I will ask the gentleman from New
York whether there has been any estimate made,
either at the Treasury or the custom-house in
New York city, as to the relative expense between j
the existing tariff and the one now proposed? If ,
there lias "been, I hope he will state it to the
House.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I know that such
an estimate has been made both at the custom-
house in New York and at the Treasury Depart-
ment; but I am not aware of the exact increase
of expense m executing this bill over the existing
tariff. I know, however, that it exceeds 50 per
cent. I am not able to state the precise increase,
and therefore 1 will not undertake it. The num-
ber of officials that will be necessary, under this
bill, will be so great that the existing custom-
house accommodations will be unequal to the de-
mand that will be made upon them. The frauds
which are chargeable upon an ad valorem system
arc equally chargeable upon this, while none of
the benefits claimed by its advocates for the spe-
cific system can be received under this compound
and disjointed affair that is proposed for our
acceptance.
In respect to the character of the percentage
with which it is proposed to tax cigars, the ob-
jectionable features of this bill become very ap-
parent. We are taught throughout all ofits pages
and m every line, that it is profitable, wise, judi-
cious, and economical, and in accordance with
the duties of legislators and the interests of the
country to tax the necessaries and not tjie luxu-
ries of life—to tax those in the lower and poorer i
and not those in the higher and richer classes of
society. You have at this point, a tax of more
than $2 upon cigars which cost $7 and $5 per
thousand," while upon cigars valued at $60 .per
thousand, there is a tax of no more than $12.
This is not wise, nor is it in accordance with the
spirit which ought to manifest itself in every tariff
bill, now or hereafter to be passed.
The amendment to the amendment was rejected.
The Senate amendment was then concurred in
Sixteenth, seventeenth, eighteenth, nineteenth,
twentieth, and twenty-first amendments of the
Senate:
On page 9, strike out In line six the word "six," and In-
sert ill ilea thereof " seven;" strike out in line seven<( one
inch and a half," aiid insert " two inchcs strike out in
line eight " five eighths of one," and insert" one half an
strike out in line nine " three," and insert" four;" strike
out in line ten " five eighths of one," and insert "one half
an;" and strike out in line eleven t; throe," and Insert
"fourso that the bill will read as follows:
Fhst. On bar-iron, rolled or hammered, comprising flats,
not less than one Inch or more than seven inches wide, nor
less than one quarter of an inch or more than two Inches
thick; lounds, not less than one half an inch, or more than
four inches in diameter; and squares, not less than one
half an iucb, or more than four Inches square, $15 per ton.
The amendments were severally concurred in.
Twenty-second amendment:
Insert: " JimI provided further, That none of the above
iron shall pay a less rate of duty than 20 per centum ad
valoremso that the bill will read:
Provided, That all Iron in slabs, blooms, loops, or other
forms, less finished than iron in bars, and more advanced
than pig iron, except castings, shall be rated as iron in bars,
and pay a duty accordingly: Jlnd provided further. That
none of the above iron shall pay a less rate of duty than 30
per centum ad valorem.
The amendment was concurred in.
Twenty-third amendment:
Insert the words "drawn and finished;" so that the bill
will read :
On iron wire, drawn and finished, not more than one
fouitli of one Inch ill diameter, nor lfas than No. 16 wire
gau^c, 75 cents per one hundred pounds, and 1.1 per centum
ad valorem.
The amendment was concurred in.
Twenty-l'ouith and twenty-fifth amendments:
Strike out " loi nails, nuts, and horse shoes,"and insert
" and anvils ;•> so that the bill will lead:
Fourth. On band and hoop-iion, slit rods not otherwise
provided for, $20 per ton ; on cut nails and spikes, 1 cent
per pound ; on iron cables or chains, or parts thereof, and
anvils, $1 25 per one bundled pounds.
The amendments were severally concurred in.
Twenty-sixth and twenty-seventh amend-
ments:
Strike out "and anvils," and insert "and" between
"screws" and " wiought hinges;" so that the bill will
read ■
On anchors, or paits thereof, $1 50 per one hundred
pounds; on wrought board nails, spikes, rivets, and bolts,
2 cents per pound; on bed-seiew and wrought hinges, li
cent per pound; on chains, trace-chains, hatter-chains, and
fence-chains, made of wire or rods one half of one inch tn
diameter or over, 1 cent.
The amendments were severally concurred in.
Twenty-eighth amendment:
I'age 11, line sixty, strike out" axle-tress," and insert
" axles."
The amendment was concurred in.
Twenty-ninth amendment:
I'age 11, line sixty-five, strike out "$1 23 per hundred
pounds," and insert- *
And on wrought iron nuts and washers, ready punched,
§25 per ton.
The amendment was concurred in.
Thirtieth amendment:
Pa^e 12, line seventy-nine, after the word "locomo-
tives," insert " locomotive tire, or parts thereof."
Mr. BRIGGS. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to submit a few remarks touching
an item in the original bill, which 1 think escaped
the attention of the Senate, and which , by unan-
imous consent, might be changed. I do not wish
to speak directly to the amendment ot the Senate
which has just been read.
Mr. SHERMAN. We cannot, even by unani-
mous consent, change the text ol the bill. The
Senate having agreed to it, it is now beyond our
power. , „
The SPEAKER. The only matter before the
committee are the amendments of the Senate.
What the Senate have concurred in, is beyond
the power of the House to change.
Mr.BRIGGS. Well. I move to strike out the
amendment which the Clerk has just read. I de-
sire to say, that the framers of the tariff bill, last
session, did—I presume inadvertently—provide
