232
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 2,
the — day of December, I860, adopted the following ordi-
nance, namely: " Wc, the people of South Carolina, m con-
vention assembled, do declare and ordain that the ordinance
adopted by us in the convention ot' the 23d of May, H88,
whereby the Constitution of the United States was ratified,
and the acts ratifying amendments to the said Constitu-
tion, aie hereby repealed, and the union now subsisting be-
tween South Carolina and the other States, under the name
of the United States of America, is hereby dissolvedand
whereas the said State of South Carolina, in pursuance
thereof, and the proclamation of the Governor of said State,
claims to be a separate and independent Government, and
Is attempting to exercise the powers of such separate and
independent Government: Therefore,
Resolved, That the Committee on tiie Judiciary be in-
structed to inquire into the same, and to report to this
House, at any time, what legislation, if any, has become
necessary, on the pint of Congiess, in consequence of the
position thus assumed by the said State of South Carolina.
The pending question was upon seconding the
demand fur the previous question, on which tellers
had been ordered.
Messrs. Bkjggs, and Stevens of Pennsylvania,
were appointed tellers.
The House divided;and the tellers reported-
ayes 46, noes 72.
So the previous question was not seconded.
Mr. HOLMAN. Mr. Speaker, I desire to ill-
quire whether an amendment, in the nature of a
substitute for thependingpi'oposition,isin order?
The SPKAK.E11. It is.
Mr. HOLMAN. Then I move to strike out
all of the original proposition, and to insert in
lieu thereof what 1 send to the Clerk's desk.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I withdraw my res-
olution, if I have a right to do so.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I object.
Mr. VALLA.NDIGHAM. lathe resolution of
the gentleman from Indiana before the House?
The SPEAIvliR. The Chair understands that
his resolution has been withdrawn.
Mr. VALLANDIGIIAM. Objection was
made; and 1 would inquire if the gentleman from
Indiana lias the power to withdraw it?
The SPEAKER. The Chair supposes it is in
order at any time befoie action has been had on
the resolution. There had been no action had
upon it, and (lierefore the gentleman was entitled
to withdraw it.
Mr. VALLANDIGIIAM. I again demand
the previous question upon the resolution as ori-
ginally offered by the gentleman from Indiana.
The SPEAKER. The resolution has been with-
drawn.
Mr. HOWARD, of Michigan. Is not the res-
olution before the House?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. HOWARD, of Michigan. I object to its
being withdrawn.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will have the 40th
rule rend.
The rule was read, as follows:
" Alter a moiioii is stated by the Speaker, or read by the
< 'Ink, it shalt lie (teemed to lie in the possession of the
House ; but it may he withdrawn at any time belore a
decision or amendment "
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that it, was
in order to withdraw the resolution under that
rule.
Mr. SHERMAN. An amendment was pend-
ing. The gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Davis]
was recognized, and offered an amendment; it was
read, and it is pending.
The SPEAKER. There has been no action of
the House upon it.
Mr. VALLANDIGIIAM. The rules were
suspended on the resolution of the gentleman
from Indiana.
The SPEAKER. That was only for the pur-
pose of enabling him to introduce it, as the Chair
supposes.
Mr, SHERMAN'. I still must raise a point
of order. The gentleman fiom Indiana [Mr. Da-
vis] offers his resolution. Objection is made,
and lie then moves to suspend tile rules to enable
him to offer it for consideiation now. The House
act upon that,
Mr. QIJARLES. I rise to a point of order.
Does the gentleman from Ohio appeal from the
decision of the Chair? Otherwise, debate is not
in order.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do take an appeal forthe
purpose of submitting my point. My point is:
that the resolution of thegentleman from Indiana
[Mr. Dai is] was submitted to the House, and
the House suspended the rules for the purpose of
considering it. They acted upon and refused to
order the previous question. The gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Holman] then offered an amend-
ment. It was read for information, and the House
has had two separate votes to adjourn with the
'resolution pending before the House. It seems
to me, therefore,'that the gentleman from Indi-
ana cannot withdraw his resolution without the
consent of the House; and I think it right that
we should have a vote upon the proposition. I
therefore respectfully take an appeal from the
decision of the Chair.
Mr. BOCOCK. An appeal has been taken by
the gentleman from Ohio, and I wish to make a
few remarks in answer to the remarks made by
him upon this question of order. Aal understand
it, Mr. Speaker, the proposition of the gentleman
from Indiana behind me [Mr. Davis] was to
submit his resolution. He had no right, as the
gentleman from Ohio seems to think, to offer any
resolution at all. When the gentleman from In-
diana rose to ask the leave of the House to offer
his resolution, it was objected to, and the ques-
tion of the suspension of the rules was upon the
point whether the gentleman from Indiana [Mr.
Davis] should be permitted to offer his resolu-
tion. The rules were suspended, and the gen-
tleman from Indiana was allowed to present his
resolution. Being thus presented, it stood pre-
cisely as if it had been offered by the gentleman
from Indiana at a time when it was in order to
offer resolutions. The suspension of the rules
was not that the proposition should be then con-
sidered, but simply that the gentleman from In-
diana should have leave, then, out of order, to
submit his resolution. 1 say it stood before the
House precisely as a resolution would have stood,
offered by the gentleman from Indiana or any
other member, at a time when it was in order to
offer resolutions.
At the time that the proposition for suspending
the rules was pending, the gentleman from Indi-
ana over the way [Mr. Holman] rose to offer his
resolution as a substitute for the proposition of the
gentleman fiom Indiana behind me, [Mr. Davjs.]
It was not then in order, because the question
had not then been decided whether the rules
should be suspended to allow the resolution of
the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Davis] to come
before the House. The rules were suspended
to allow Mr. Davis's resolution to come before
the House; and he, immediately, and before any j
proposition foramendmentorany substitute eoeld
be offered, asked that the previous question should
be sustained upon his resolution. It was not sus-
tained. The proposition of the gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Holman] would then have been in
order, if Mr. Davis's resolution had remained
before the House. But before the resolution of
the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Holman] had
reached the Speaker's chair, Mr.Davis rose in
his place and withdrew his resolution. So, then,
the proposition of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Sherman] is incorrect m two particulars. In the
fiist place, it is a mistake to suppose that the rules
were suspended to lequire the resolution of tile
gentleman from Indiana [Mr, Da>is] to be now
acted upon. The rules were suspended inertly
to allow him to offer the resolution. In the sec-
ond place, the proposition of the gentleman is
incorrect in this particular: the resolution of the
gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Hoi.man] was not
read after it was in order to offer it. He did
have it read before it was in order to offer it,
and before the rules weic suspended. After the
rules were suspended, the gentleman from Indi-
ana [Mr. Hoi.man] rose and offered a substitute;
but before that substitute was read at the Clerk's
desk, the other gentleman from Indiana [Mr.
Davis] had withdrawn his proposition. That
proposition had been before the House. The only
question was, whether the previous question
should be seconded upon it. That failed. That
is not considered a definitive or decided action of
the House. Therefore, I say, that before there
was any action had by the House upon the prop-
osition itself, the gentleman from Indiana [Mr.
Davis] withdrew it.
Mr. SHERMAN. It seems to me that this is
a very simple proposition. The only question is
this: has the House taken any action on the res-
olution offered by the gentleman from Indiana,
[Mr. Davis'] I hold that it has. It suspended
the rules to enable hill to introduce it. He in-
troduced it, and moved the previous question.
The House refused to second the previous ques-
tion. Another gentleman from Indiana [Mr.
IIolman] then took the floor, and offered his res-
olution as a substitute; and while he had the
floor, the first gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Da-
vis] rose and asked to withdraw his resolution.
He had no right to do so, inasmuch as his col-
league [Mr. Holman] had the floor.
Mr. BOCOCK. Does the gentleman mean to
say that the act of offering an amendment was
action by the House ?
Mr. SHERMAN. The House had already
acted upon the resolution by refusing to second
the previous question. The other gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Holman] then got the floor, and
could not be deprived of his right to submit any
proposition he might choose to submit. _ No man
could take the floor till he had vacated it. After
that, the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Davis]
might, if he chose, have endeavored to withdraw
his resolution.
Mr. BOCOCK. Allow me to call attention to
the precise wording of the rule:
" After a motion is stated by the Speaker, or read by tile
Cleik, it shall be deemed to be in the pnv-rssioil of the
House ; hut may b° withdrawn at any time befoie a decis -
ion or amendment."
That does not mean the simple offering of an
amendment, but the adoption of an amendment.
Any member can offer an amendment; but the
mover of a proposition cannot be deprived of his
right to withdraw it. When the rule says " be-
fore amendment," it means before any amend-
ment is agreed to. Has there been any decision
on the resolution, or any amendment aglet d to?
Mr. SHERMAN. I think that the stall ment
on the 151st page ofthe Manual settles this matter:
"A vote, on a motion to suspend the rules cannot lie
reconsidered.'' * •* * * £i Where the rules
are suspended to enable a member to submit a paitioular
proposition, if lie fails to submit it, another membei may
do so."
Now, to avoid all controversy, I submit the
proposition offered by the gentleman from Indi-
ana, [Mr. Davis.] The House has suspended
the rules for the purpose of acting on this partic-
ular proposition.
The SPEAKER. The question involved here
is .somewhat new. The Chair docs not recollect
that any question of the kind lias arisen siiK'e he
1ms occupied the chair. But the Chair's ( on-
struction of the rule is what has been alicady
givon. The Chair does not see what other con-
struction can be given to it. The rule is this:
" After a motion i^ stated by the Speaker, jo.uI by the
Clerk, it shall be deemed to be in the possession ot the
House; but may be withdiawn at any time befoie a de-
cision or amendment."
Now, when the rules are suspended, it is for
the purpose of placing the resolution m posses-
sion of the House. The suspension of the uiles
can have no further effect than that. Now the
question arises on withdrawing it. When may it
be withdrawn? it may be " withdrawn at any
time before a decision or amendment." The Chair
supposes that the word " decision " means be-
fore the resolution is decided, and that the woid
"amendment,"in the same connection, means be-
fore there is any decision on an amendment. The
mere offering of an amendment, the Chair sup-
poses, has no effcct whatever. Therefoie, accoid-
ing to the construction which the Chair places on
the rule, the Chair is bound by the decision already
made.
Mr. SHERMAN. I now, under leave, offer
the resolution submitted by the gentleman from
Indiana, [Mr. Davis,] and claim the right to do
so.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I rise to a point
of order. The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Sher-
man] is out of order in attempting to introduce a
resolution of this description at this time. I re-
fer to the. decision to which he has directed the
attention of the Chnir and of the House.
The SPEAIvER, The Chair should be glad to
hear distinctly the proposition of the gentleman
from Ohio.
Mr. SHERMAN. At the first session of Con-
gress, this very point was decided: that when the
House suspends its rules for the introduction of
a particular proposition, and when the member
who submitted the proposition withdraws it, any
other member can submit the proposition, ami de-
mand a vote upon it. I therefore renewthe propo-
sition of thegeitf lemnn from Indiana, [Mr. Davis.]
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I raise a point of
