THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 25,
they expressed, that the passage of the bill would
result in such" a diminution of revenue upon the
article of carpets as to force the Government to a
repeal of the measure.
Objectionable generally as is the bill, the pro-
visions in respect of carpets nevertheless were far
less objectionable when it went to the Senate than
when it came back to the House. As originally
framed, these provisions did not seem designed
to favor any particular interest to the prejudice of
the public, and I should not now deem it to be
1ny duty to address the House at this stage of the
bill if it were not for the manipulations of these
provisions which has been permitted in the Sen-
ate. I ask the attention of the committee for a
few moments, that they may see how the Senate
has dealt with one particular item.
This article of " Brussels carpets, wrought by
thejacquard machine," is a fabric of very general
use. It-is the most inexpensive of the valuable
carpets. It is the best carpet within the reach of
men in moderate circumstances. It is the carpet
of which wehaveasampleonthisfloor. Whenthe
distinguished gentleman from Vermont prepared
this bill, he placed this article in the clause levy-
ing a specific duty of 30 cents per square yard. In
the Senate, it has been taken from that clause, and
has been placed in the highest schedule, paying a
duty of 50 cents per square yard, when valued at
over $1 25, so that a Brussels carpet costing from
$1 30 to $1 40 per yard, pays precisely the same
duty per square yard as the Axminster or the Au-
busson, costing in England $5 to $6, and retailed
in New York at from $(>' 50 to $8 per yard. There
must be some special reason for .this. Why is it,
that on the plain, ordinary, five-frame Brussels
carpet, the same duty is to be levied as is levied
on the Axminster, such as you can see in the east
room of the President's house, and which, I am
informed, was put down to order at f 10 per square
yard? I will inform the committee, and 1 will
then appeal to every right-minded man to render
his aid, that one of the most magnificent specula-
tions which this tariff affords, shall not be permit-
ted to become successful by means of this Senate
amendment.
The term " Brussels carpets wrought by the
Jacquard machine "has a very innocent look; but
what does it mean ? It means the ordinary five-
frame Brussels carpet wrought by power. The
Jacquard machine is employed, and power is
adapted to its use, by means of a valuable inven-
tion patented by the United States, and owned by
a gentleman of Massachusetts, who now manu-
factures eight tenths of all the Brussels carpets
manufactured on this continent. The effect of this
change of the House bill is to protect this patent
right, and the purpose is to secure to its owner,
and those associated with him in the manufacture
of Brussels carpets of this description, the monop-
oly of the trade in this great article. This Mas-
sachusetts gentleman—who is a man of wealth, of
extraordinary enterprise, and equal ingenuity—
obtains from the United States a patent for the
protection of his great invention, which is gener-
ally known by the name of the Brussels power-
loom patent. He obtained a patent in England.
He sold it, or the privilege of its use, to the Messrs.
Crossleys, of Halifax, England, for =£20,000 ster-
ling. The Messrs. Crossleys weave Brussels car-
pets by power, by the aid of this invention; and
their manufacture comes in competition in the Uni~
ted States with a similar article manufactured in
Massachusetts by this same gentleman and his
associates, by the aid of the same invention.
There are at this time, as I am informed, sixty of
these power looms owned by this gentleman and
his associates, and at work in one of the towns of
Massachusetts making those Brussels carpets by
the Jacquard machine. There are two or three
other looms at Roxbury, Massachusetts, and there
are ten of them in the city of New York. These
looms pay to this inventor a royalty of 3 or 4
cents a yard for the use of his invention. These,
I am informed, are the only looms employed upon
this continent in the manufacture of Brussels car-
pets by power. There is imported at New York
annually upwards of $1,000,000 worth of this fab-
ric. The A merican manufacture—the product of
the looms to which I have referred—make, all com-
bined, to the extent of about $700,000 in value. To
protect this manufacture you take the article of
Brussels carpets, paying, under the tariff of 1857,
an ml valorem duty of 24 per cent., and subject it
to a specific duty equivalent to 37 per cent, ad va-
lorem. You subject this fabric to the same tax to
which you subject the Aubusson, the Axminster,
and Wilton, which adorn the mansions of the
wealthy. You disturb the business of those
gentlemen who earn their livelihood by the im-
portation and sale of this fabric, and you hazard
a good part of the revenue derived from the im-
portation of $1,000,000 worth of the article; and
why r To give the monopoly of the trade to this
Massachusetts manufacturer, and to give addi-
tional protection to his patentedinvention. The pro-
visions of this bill make us familiar with high spe-
cifics, imposed for the sake of protection; but this
is the first occasion in the history of tariffs, of
which I am informed, when a specific duty has
been levied for the protection of a patent right. This
is a new application of the doctrine of protection.
Mr. SICKLES. I trust that,as my colleague
was permitted to take up this amendment out of
its order, I shall be permitted to refer to another
very important and extraordinary amendment,
which, I presume, is the result simply of an error
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman will have
permission, if there be no objection.
Mr. KILLINGER. I object.
The CHAIRMAN. The question, then, is
upon the amendment of the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Clark.1
Mr. SICKLES. Well, sir, I am opposed to
the amendment of my colleague, unless a mistake
to which I shall call the attention of the commit-
tee is corrected, and which I will proceed very
briefly to state.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair desires to say
to the gentleman that he will be compelled to rule
very strictly in respect to the character of debate
that is m order.
Mr. SICKLES. I was so familiar with the
Chair's strict justice in that respect that I hardly
needed to be reminded of it.
Mr. Chairman, when this bill was under con-
sideration in the Senate, a very important altera-
tion was made, fixing the duty at 30 per cent, ad
valorem upon all wines; bearing a very striking
contrast to what my colleague [Mr. Clark] has
called your attention to. He has called your at-
tention to an interpolation, the effect of which is
to extend the doctrine of protection to a patent
right: I desire to call your attention to an extraor-
dinary subtraction orabstraction from the House
bill, indicating an equally large " octoroon in the
fence." [Laughter.] Sir, this bill, as it passed
the Senate,imposes adutyof30per cent, adralo-
rcm on all wines.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair must arrest
the remarks of the gentleman from New York.
They are not pertinent to the amendment under
consideration.
Mr. SICKLES. I beg pardon of the Chair;
but I did not hear any gentleman upon the floor
call me to order.
The CHAIRMAN. Objection was made to
returning to the amendment the gentleman from
New York desired to discuss. The Chair an-
nouced that he would confine gentlemen in their
remarks to the amendment immediately under
consideration. The Chair must say to the gen-
tleman , therefore, that ho will be required to con-
fine his remarks to the amendment respecting the
Jacquard carpets.
Mr. SICKLES. Well, sir, I shall certainly
oppose the amendment of my colleague.
Mr. MORRILL. The gentleman's colleague
was permitted, by unanimous consent, to speak
uponan amendment of the Senate out of order; but
I did not understand him to submitany amendment
in reference to the Jacquard carpetamendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Clark] moved to strike out that
amendment of the Senate.
Mr. SICKLES. Well, sir, I was proceeding
to state that my colleague discovered an " octo-
roon in the fence." Now, sir, I want to call the
attention of the committee to another matter quite
as extraordinary.
Mr. SHERMAN. I trust the gentleman from
New York will not iflsist upon proceeding out of
order. His remarks are certainly not in order to
the amendment of his colleague.
Mr. SICKLES. I shall certainly not proceed
unless I am understood as conforming to the ruling
of the Chair. I propose to confine myself to op-
posing the amendment of my colleague.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will say to the
gentleman from New York, that it is a very un-
pleasant duty to interfere in the course of any gen-
tleman 's remarks; but the Cluur will feel compelled
to enforce the rule.
Mr. SICKLES. Mr. Chairman, after being
called to order by the chairman of the Committee
of Ways and Means, whose leadership in matters
of courtesy as well as questions of order in this
House is acknowledged lay everybody, I shall en-
deavor not to transgress the rules.
I repeat, sir, that my colleague has called the
attention of this committee and of the House to a
most extraordinary feature of this bill; and yet,
no one on that side of the House rose to explain
or make any further allusion to it. No one rose
to explain, to defend, or to excuse. I therefore
rose for the purpose of making a further exposi-
tion of other errors in the bill. Sir, it is some-
thing unusual and unprecedented to stifle debate
upon a revenue measure; but when I call attention
to an error of the most extraordinary description,
and I am not permitted to state it, it shows that
there is something in the bill worse than has yet
appeared on its face.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I mustcallthe gentleman
to order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will state, in
response to a remark made by the gentleman
from New York, thatagentleman rose on the other
side of the House to reply to the remarks of his
colleague; but the gentleman rose first, and the
Chair thought it his duty to recognize him.
Mr. SICKLES. I certainly make no com-
plaint of the Chair.
Mr. HUGHES. I shall oppose, as at present
advised, the amendment of the gentleman from
New York.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman must sub-
mit an amendment if he wishes to make any
remarks.
Mr. HUGHES. I move to strike out the word
"Jacquard." I move this amendment more for
the purpose of eliciting information than anything
else. I had always supposed that the Jacquard
loom was a French loom, and therefore not pat-
entable in the United States, it having been used
for a long time. I ask the gentleman from New
York why it is, if such be the fact, that he char-
acterizes this amendment as giving protection to
a patent ?
Mr. CLARK, of New York. The Jacquard
loom is an old invention, and there is where the
cheat is. This invention is a Brussels power
loom for the manufacture of this description of
carpet, on which is made the only Brussels carpet
made on the Jacquard machine in this country.
Mr. HUGHES. I withdraw my amendment.
The question recurred on concurring in the
amendment of the Senate.
Mr. McCLERNAND called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. McCler-
nand and Drayton were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 72, noes 61.
So the amendment was concurred in.
The CHAIRMAN. One o'clock having ar-
rived, the committee will now, under the instruc-
tions of the House, rise and report the amend-
ments to the House.
The committee then rose; and the Speaker hav-
ing resumed the chair, Mr. Colfax reported that
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union had, according to order, had the Union
generally under consideration, and particularly
the amendments of the Senate to the tariff bill,
and, without coming to any conclusion thereon,
had directed him, under the instructions of the
House, to report the amendments back to the
House.
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Speaker, before calling
the previous question, I desire to make some gen-
eral remarks on the necessity of concurring in
the amendments of the Senate. I will not con-
sume ten minutes.
Mr. STANTON. I rise to a question of order.
There is a special order postponed until this day,
after the morning hour; and I insist that that spe-
cial order, and not these amendments of the Sen-
ate to the tariff bill, is the question before the
House at this time.
Mr. SHERMAN. These amendments were
made the special order for this day, on Saturday
last.
