1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I object to further debate.
Mr. GOOCH. And then decline, after the rules
have been suspended for that purpose, to make
the motion which I have indicated, can not any
other member make the motion, and bring before
the House the subject-matter which the House
has suspended its rules to consider?
The SPEAKER. As objection is made to
further debate, the Chair will decide the question.
The 40th rule reads as follows:
" After a motion is stated by the Speaker, or read by the
Clcik, it shall be deemed to be in the possession of the
IIou«i>; but may be withdrawn at any time before a decision
or amendment."
The Chair has already decided that the gentle-
man from Indiana had the right to withdraw his
proposition, for the reason that there has been no
uecision upon it or amendment to it. From that
decision no appeal was taken. The gentleman
from Ohio now insists that he has the right to
renew the proposition of the gentleman from In-
diana, and claims that when the rules are sus-
pended to enable a member to submit a particular
proposition, if he fails to submit it, another mem-
ber may do so. Now, the question between the
gentleman from Ohio and the Chair is, whether
it can be said, according to a fair construction of
the rules, that the gentleman from Indiana has
not submitted his proposition. The gentleman
from Ind iana submitted his proposition, and some-
time was spent in its consideration; but before a
decision was come to, he withdrew it. Now, the
question for the consideration of the Chair is sim-
ply this: whether that is within the rule referred
to by the gentleman from Ohio. I confess that I
think it is not; and especially, as the rules have
been suspended to admit the resolution of the
gentleman from Indiana; and now, the business
having been continued to this day, the rules could
not, under the rules of the House, be suspended
again. The Chair thinks the proposition cannot
be renewed.
Air. SHERMAN. I respectfully take an ap-
peal from the decision of the Chair.
Mr. ADRAIN. I move to lay that appeal on
the table.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I ask the
gentleman from Ohio to withdraw his appeal. I
uo not see any particular reason why we should
act upon those propositions now.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I hope the gentle-
man will withdraw his appeal, for this matter
would be a disturbance to the lucubrations of the
committee of thirty-three. [Laughter.]
Mr. SHERMAN. I adhere to my appeal.
Mr. ADRAIN. And I insist upon my motion
to lay upon the table.
Mr. CAREY demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 73, nays 77; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adram, Allen. Thomas L. Anderson,
Barksdale, Barret, Bocock, Boteler, Bouligny, Branch,
Briggs, John B. Clark, Clemens, Cobb, John Cochrane,
Cox, James Craig, Crawford, John G. Davis, Reuben Da-
vis, De Jarnette, Dimmick, Florence, Garnett, Gartrell,
Gilmer, Hardeman, J. Morrison Harris, John T. Harri?,
Hatton, Hindman, Holman, Houston, William Howard,
Hughes, Jackson, Jenkins, Jones, Kunkel, Larrabee, James
M. Leach, Leake, Logan, Love, Maclay, Mallory, Charles
) D. Martin, Elbert S. Martin, Maynard, McClernand, Mc-
x Kenty, Mcltae, Laban T. Moore, Sydenham Moore, Isaac
; N. Morris, Niblack, Pendleton, Peyton, Pryor, Pugh,
* Quarks, Riggs, James C. Robinson, Simms, Singleton,
\ William N. fl. Smith, Stevenson, Stokes, Thomas, Val-
landigham, Vance, WinsJow, Woodson, and Wright—73.
NAYS—Messrs. Alley, Ashley, Beale, Bingham, Blair,
Blake, Biayton, Buffinton, Burlingame, Burnham, Camp-
bell, Carey, Cast, Coburn, Colfax, Dawes, Delano, Duell,
Edgerton, Edwards, Eliot, Ely, Farnsworth. Fenton, Fos-
ter, French, Gooch, Grow, Hale, Helmick, Hill, William
A. Howard, Hutchins, Irvine, Junkin, Francis W. Kellogg,
Kenyon, Kilgore, Kilhnger, DeWitt C. Leach, Lee, Long-
necker, Looinis, Lovejoy, Marston, McKean, McKmglit,
McPherson, Miliward, Montgomery, Moorhead, Olin,
Palmer, Perrv, Pettit, Porter, Pottle, Edwin R. Reynolds,
Rovcfi, Sherman, Spinner, Stanton, Stevens, Tappan,
Thayer, Theaker, Tram, Trimble, Vcrree, Wad<"-,Waldron,
Walton. Cadwalador C. Washburn, Ellihu B. Washburne,
Wells, Wilson, and Windoin—77.
So the House refused to lay the appeal upon
the table.
During the call of the roil,
Mr. GtUARLES stated that Mr. Nelson was
engaged on the committee of thirty-three.
Mr. HILL changed his vote from "ay" to "no,"
for the purpose of moving a reconsideration.
The result of the vote having been announced,
as above recorded,
Mr. HILL moved to reconsider the vote by
which the House refused to lay the appeal upon
the table; and on that motion demanded the yeas
and nays.
Mr. HARDEMAN (at a quarter before two
o'clock, p. m.) moved that the House adjourn.
Mr.Q,UAJRLES demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. ANDERSON, of Missouri. It seems to
me, Mr. Speaker, that the action of the House
upon these resolutions will be calculated to irritate
the public mind, and tend to hasten impending
events. I therefore move that the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union.
The SPEAKER. That motion is not in order
pending the motion to adjourn, upon which the
yeas and nays have been ordered.
Mr. SHERMAN. With the indulgence of the
House, and for the purpose of facilitating busi-
ness, I will state that, if the resolution is allowed
to come in, I will move to refer it to a select com-
mittee of five.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I object to that
without amendments.
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman from Ohio
could get the floor on Monday and move to sus-
pend the rules, without making a struggle here
to the obstruction of the public business by in-
sisting on his appeal.
Mr. SHERMAN. I give notice to the House
that if I have an opportunity to renew this reso-
lution, I will move to refer it to a select committee
of five, with instructions. Those instructions,
probably, will not excite opposition or debate.
Let the whole subject go to a select committee of
five. The committee of thirty-three is too large
to consider the propositions.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. It has become con-
veniently small.
Mr. SHERMAN. I understand that it has
been deserted by some gentlemen who ought to
be there.
The question was taken on Mr. Hardeman's
motion; end it was decided in the negative—yeas
57, nays 100; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs.Thomas L. Anderson, Avery, Barksdale,
Bocock, Branch, John B. Clark, John Cochrane, Crawford,
Reuben Davis, De Jarnette, Dimmick, Edmundson, Flor-
ence, Fouke, Garnett, Gartrell, Gilmer, Hardeman, John
T. Hams, Hatton, Hill, Houston, Hughes, Jackson, Jen-
kins, Jones, Kunkel, James M. Leach, Leake, Lee, Love,
Maclay, Mallory, Charles D. Martin, Maynaid, McCler-
nand, McRae, Laban T. Moore, Sydenham Moore, Isaac
N. Moiris, Niblack, Pryor, Pugh, Quarles, James C. Rob-
inson, Simmj, Smgleton.William N. II. Smith, Stevenson,
Thomas, Vallandigham,Vance,Whiteley,Winslow,Wood-
son, and Wright—57.
NAYS—Messrs. Green Adams, Adrain, Aldrich, Allen,
Alley, "Babbitt, Beale, Bingham, Blair, Blake, Bouligny,
Brayton, Bnggs, Buffinton, Burhngame, Burnham, Camp-
bell, Carey, Case, Clemens, Cobb, Coburn, Colfax, Cox,
Dawes, Delano, Duell, Dunn, Edgerton, Edwards, Eliot,
Ely, Etheridge, Farnsworth, Fenton, Foster, French,
Gooch, Grow, Hale, Ilelmick, Hindman, Iloaid, Holman,
William Howard, William A. Howard, Hutchins, Irvine,
Junkin, Francis W. Kellogg, Kenyon, Kilgore, Kilhnger,
Larrabee, DeWittC. Leach, Logan,Longnecker,Loomis,
Lovejoy, Marston, Elbeit S. Martin, McKean, McKenty,
MeKmght, McPherson, Mfilward, Montgomery, Moorhead,
Edward Joy Morris, Mor<?# , Ohn, Palmer, Pendleton, Perry,
Pettit, Peyton, Porter, Pottle, Edwin R. Reynolds, Royce,
Sherman, Spinner, Stanton, Stevens, Stokes, Stratton,
Tappan, Thayer, Theater, Train, Trimble, Verree, Wade,
Waldron, Walton, Cadwalader C. Washburn, Eliihu B.
Washburne, Webster, Wells, Wilson, and Windom—100.
So the House refused to adjourn.
During the roll call.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, said: I had paired
with Mr. Potter; but by the consentof hisfriends
the pair has been transferred toanothergentleman,
and I am allowed to vote to-day. I desire to make
that statement in order that Mr. Potter may
understand why 1 vote.
Mr. HINDMAN said: I shall insist on voting
against all motions that evince a desire to delay
action on this question, and I therefore vote " no.
I want gentlemen to bring the issue up.
The result of the vote having been announced as
above recorded, the question recurred upon Mr.
Hill's motion to reconsider the vote by which the
House refused to lay the appeal upon the table.
Mr. HOWARD, of Michigan. Mr. Speaker,
there seems to be an unwillingness to vote upon
these propositions; and I confess that I am un-
willing myself. They refer to some events that
arc alleged to have tak^n place atChar!eston,and
yet they contain very important propositions and
abstract principles. I would prefer to have more
information upon the subject; and, if the appeal
can be withdrawn, I will move the appointment
of a special committee, to whom the whole mat-
ter shall be referred, with instructions to make
inquiries. If the House will allow me, I will send
those instructions to the Clerk's desk, to be read
for information.
Mr. HOUSTON. I shall object to that,
Mr. HOWARD, of Michigan. Let them be
read for information.
Mr. HOUSTON. If the gentleman will intro-
duce his resolution, and let it go to the committee
to which all others have been referred, of course
I cannot very well object to it. But I believe the
Speaker has decided the question of order cor-
rectly; and I do not intend to consent to any ar-
rangement by which another special committee
will be raised upon this subject.
Mr. HOWARD, of Michigan. The motion to
refer will, of course, be amendable; and the gen-
tleman can name any other committee.
Mr. HOUSTON. I shall not consent.
Mr. HOWARD, of Michigan. Let the in-
structions be read, and perhaps there will be no
objection.
Mr. HOUSTON. I shall be certain to object
to a special committee.
Mr. MAYNARD. I hope the gentleman will
allow the proposition to be read.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection, it
will be read for information.
There being no objection, the Clerk read Mr.
Howard's proposition, as follows:
Resolved, That the whole subject be referred to a special
committee of this House, to be appointed to make imme-
diate inquiry and report: First, Whether any executive
officer of the United States has been, or is now, treating or
holding communication with any persons or persons con-
cerning the surrender of any iorts, fortresses, or public
property of the United States; and whether any demand
for such surrender has been made, when, and by whom,
and what answer has been given. Second, Whether any
officer of this Government has at any time entered into any
pledge, agreement, or understanding, with any person or
persons not to send reinforcements to tiie forts of the Uni-
ted States in the harbor of Charleston, and tiie particulars
of such agreement, pledge, or understanding, when, where,
and with whom it was made, and on what consideration.
Third, What demand for reinforcements of the said forts has
been made, and for what reason such reinforcements have
not been furnished. Fourth, Where theships of the United
States are now statipned, with what commands, and with
what orders. Fifth. Whetherthe custom-house, postoffice,
arsenal, and other public buildings of the United States at
Charleston, have been seized, and are held in possession
by any person or persons, and the particulars of such seiz-
ure and possession. Sixth, Whether any revenue cutter
oi the United States has been seized, and is now held in
possession by any person or persons, and the particulars
thereof; and whether any efforts have been made by the
head of the Treasury Department to recapture or recover
possession of said vessel; that the committee have power
to send for persons and papers, to take testimony, and re-
port from time to time, as facts material to the national
safety and national honor may be disclosed by the evidence.
Mr. COBB. The committee will want to have
n cloi'V nf pnm
Mr. HOUSTON. The Chair understands me,
of course, as objecting to any special committee,
with or without instructions.
The SPEAKER. The proposition was merely
read for information.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then I give notice that, in
case the appeal is sustained, 1 will not press a
vote on the resolution, but shall be perfectly will-
ing that it shall be referred without any debate.
I hope that course will be pursued.
Mr. HOUSTON, lean make no compromise.
Even if I wanted to refer the resolution with those
instructions, I could make no compromise which,
in my judgment, would overrule the law of the
House, and the very correct and sensible decision
of the Speaker of the House.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then let us have the vote.
The yeas and nays were ordered on Mr. Hill's
motion.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 78, nays 75; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Thomas L. Anderson, Avery,
Barksdale, Bocock, Bouligny, Branch, Briggs, Bureh, John
B. Clark, Clemeus, Cobb, John Cochrane, Cox. Crawford,
John G. Davis, Reuben Davis, De Jarnette. Edmundson,
Etheridge, Florence, Fouke, Garnett, Gartrell, Gilmer,
Hardeman, J.Morrison Harris, JohnT. Hams, Hatton,Hill,
Hindman, Holman, Houston, William Howard, Hughes,
Jackson, Jenkins, Jones, Kunkel, James M. Leach, Leake,
Logan, Love, Maclay, Malloiy, Charles D. Martin, Elbert
S. Maitin, Maynard, McClernand, McKenty, McRae, Mill-
son, Laban T. Moore, Sydenham] Moore, Isaac N. Morris,
Niblack, Pendleton. Peyton, Pheips, Pryor, Pugh, Quarles,
Riggs, James C. Robinson, Simms, Singleton, William N.
H. Smith, Stevenson, Stokes, Taylor, Thomas, ValJamiig-
hani, Vance, Webster. Whiteley, Wiitslow, Woodson, and
Wnghi—78.
