1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
wines, Burgundy and hock, in bottle?, $1 per gallon, in
ca^ka, 50 cents pcrgallon, on claret, Mais-eilles, Teneriffc,
Sicily, Canary, and Malaga wines, in casks or bottles, 30
cents per gallon; on ail othei wines not enumerated, 30
pet centum ad valorem.
The amendment was concurred in.
Twelfth amendment:
in lines tvvontv-six and twenty-seven of the same sec-
tion, strike out the following woids t " And to tlio highest
rates of duty applicable to the article of the same name
so that the pioviso will read :
Provided, That dll imitations of brandy or spiilts, or of
any of said wines, and all wines imported by any name'?
whatever, shall be subject to the dutypiovided for the gen-
uine aiucle which it is intended to represent.
The amendment was concurred in:
Thirteenth and fourteenth amendments:
In Line twenty-nine of the same section, strike outli six,"
and insert " one and in line thirty-five, alter thewoul
" thirty,'* insert" three and one thirdso as to make the
pioviso read:
Provided further, That brandies, or other spnituous
liquoia, may be imported in bottles, when the package s-hall
contain not ioss than one dozen, ami all bottles shall pay a
sepaiate duty, accoidmg to the rate established by this act,
whether containing wines, brandies, oi other spuituous
liquors, subject to duty as hereinbolore mentioned: on ale,
porter, ana beer, m bottles., 25 cents pei gallon, otherwise
than m bottles, 15 cents pergallon; on all spnitaous liquors
not enumeiated 33} per centum ad valorem.
The amendments were concurred in.
Fifteenth amendment:
In line thirty-seven of the same section, stnke out the
words "50 cents per pound," and insert in lieu thereof the
words "valued at $5 or undei pei thousand, 20 cents per
pound overdo and not over £10,40 cents per pound; and
over $10, 60 cents per pound ;" so that the clause will
lead:
Second. On eigats of all kinds, valued at .$5 or under
per thousand, 20 cents per pound ; over $5 and not over
$10, 40cents pei pound; and ovei $10,00 cents per pound,
and, in addition thereto, 10 per centum ml valorem; on
snuff, 10 cents pei pound; on unmanufactured tobacco m
leaf, 25 per centum ad valo'i em; on ail other manufactured
oi unnidnutacuucd tobacco, UO pei centum ad udorcm.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I nskfor the yeas
and nays on tliut amendment, and I hope we may
have them. This is a representative of a whole
series of amendments, representing the competi-
tion between the two systems of collection and
the imposition of duties on the necessaries of life.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
A message was received from the President of
the United States, by A. J. Glossbrenner, his
Private Secretary, notifying the House that he
did, on the 23d instant, approve and sign bills of
the following titles:
An act (H. R. No. 400) for the relief of James
Floyd;
An act(H.R. No. 514) for the relief of Samuel
S. Green;
An act (H. R. No. (W5) for the relief of captain
Alexander V. Frascr;
An act (H. 11. No. 678) for the lelief of Samuel
Perty; and
An act (II. 11. No. 99G) for the relief of Azel
Spalding.
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. THEAKER,from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, repoi ted as truly enrolled, " An act
to refund to the Territory of Utah the expenses
incurred in suppressing Indian hostilities in the
year 1853;" when the Speaker signed the same.
THE TARIFF AGAIN.
The question was then taken on agreeing to the
fifteenth amendment of the Senate; and it was de-
cided in the affirmative—yeas 119, nays 4G; as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Chailes F. Adam", Adrain, Alley, Wil-
liam C. Anderson, Ashley, I'ahbitt, Hnrret, Bingham, Blair,
Blake, Branch, Biayton, Brown, Butmiton, Burhnname,
Butterfield, Campbell,(Jaiey, Gaiter, Case, John B. Clark,
Cobmn, Claik B. Coehiano, Colfax, Conkhng, Ooiwin,
H. Winter Davis, Dawe6-, Delano. Dueih Dunn, ftdirei ton',
Edwaids, Eliot, Ely. English, Fain^woith, Fenton, Feiry,
Florence, Fouke, Frank, Ficnch, Gooch, (iialnm, Giow,
Hale, John T. Darns, UHmb-k, Hickman, Hoard, llolman,
William Howard, William A. llowaid, Hutchms, Irvine,
Jenkins. Francis \V. Kelloeg, Keuyon, Knsoiv, Kiilingei,
Lauabee, De Witt C. Leach. Leo, Longneckei, Loomis,
Lovcjoy,Mars-ton.Elbert S. Martin. MeCieinand. McKean,
MeKeiny, McKnight, McPher^on, Million, Montgomery,
Laban T. Mooie, Mooihead, Moiull, Kdward Joy Morib,
Morse, Nixon, Olm, Palmer, Pony, Pettit, Peyton, Phelps,
Porteu Potter. Pottle, Edwm it. Reynolds, It!™*, Olmst-
oph'" Ivohinson. I'oyce, Sedgwick, tfiietman. William N.
H. ^nuth, ^pauldmjr, Spinner, Stanton, Steven.:, William
Sti'wnrt. Sriaiton, Tappan, Tfiayei, Theakei. Tompkm<,
Tiam, \ enee, Wade, Walton, VValdron, Elhlm B. YVash-
burne, Wells, Wilson, Wmdom, Wood, and Woodruli—
110.
NAYS—Messrs. Aldricli, Thomas L. Anderson, Avery.
Bair, Bocock, Boteler, Brings, Bristow, Burch, Burnett,
John Cochrane. Cox, James Craig, Barton Ciaige, .lolin
G. Davis De Jarnette, Edmundson, Ethendge, Gilmer,
Uatton, Hughes, Junkin, Kunkel, Leake, Malloiy, Charles
D. Mai tin, M.ivnaid, Isaac N. Morris, Nohon, Pryor,
Quailes, John ]i Kc\ nolds, Ririlin, Rust. Sickles. Snnms,
Stokes, Stout, Thomas, Vallandigham, Vance, Webster,
Whiteley, Winslovv, Woodson, and Wright—46.
So the amendment was concurred in.
During the roll-call,
Mr. CiUARLES stated that Mr. Leach, of
North Carolina, had leftthe House in consequence
of indisposition, and that, if he hc$i been present,
he would have voted " no."
Mr. BURNETT (when his name was called)
said: Believing that the only way to kill this bill
is to non-concur with the Senate in some of their
amendments, I vote $< no."
Mr. SICKLES (when his name was called) said:
observing that the bill has already received a fatal
blow from its friends, I have less hesitation in
voting " no."
The result was announced as above recorded.
Sixteenth amendment:
In line six of section seven strike out " six," and insert
" seven.1'
Seventeenth amendment:
In line seven ot the same section mi ike out " one inch
and a half," and insert "two inches."
Eighteenth amendment:
in line eight suike out "five eighths of one," and insert
(i one half an."
Nineteenth amendment:
In lme nine strike out u tlnec," and insert " four."
Twentieth amendment:
In line ten htiike out "live eighths of one," and inseit
u one half an M
T ■w e n ty ■- fi r s t ;i m e n d m o n t:
In line oleveu s-triko out " thioe," and insert " four."
The amendments were severally concurred in,
so as to make the section read as follows:
Sec. 7. And be it faith cr enacted, That Horn and afU'r
the da\ and year atore.-uid there shall bo levied, collected,
and paid, on the unpott.U'on ot the aiticle^heiciuaitei men-
tioned, the follow tng dut.e-, that is to >ay : Fir^t. On bnr-
iion, lolled oi hammeied, eouipii&ing Hats., not less than
one inch or moie than «>eveii inches wide, not les^ than one
quaiter ot an inch or moie than two inches thick; rounds,
not less than one half an inch, oi more than tour inches in
diametei; and squares, not less than one half an inch, or
more than four inches bqnare, £15 per ton; Provided, That
all lion in slab"-, blooms loop-?, or oilier loims, less finished
than iron m bars, and moie advanced than pig iron, except
castings, shall be rated as iron in bars, and pay a duty ac-
cordingly.
Twenty-second amendment:
Add to tb<* above the loliovvmg pioviso:
.d?id jy/ovi-icJ furthvi. That none of the above iron shall
pay a le>s iate uf duly than pei centum ad valo> em.
Mr. COX demanded the yeas and nays on the
amendment.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE called for tellers on
the yeas and nays.
Tellers were "ordered*, and Messrs. Ely and
John Cochrane were appointed.
'Die House divided; and the tellers reported
thirty-three in the affirmative.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 112, nays 50; as follows:
YEAS—"Messrs. Chailes F. Adam-,, Gieen Adams, Ad-
lam, Aidnch, Alley, William C. Ander>on, Ashley, Bab-
bitt, 15.met, Bingham, Blair, Blake, Boteler, Buibson,
131 ay ton, Hrisdow, Bufiinton, Hurimgame, Burnham, But-
terfield, Campbell, Caiey, Ca<e- Cobum, Colfax ConlUmg,
Corxvin, II. Winter Davis, Dawes, Delano, DucH, Dunn,
Edgeuon, EdwaicU, Eliot, Ely, ICtheudge, I-'arnbvvoith,
Ferry, Floience, Frank, French, Gilmei, (Hiahatri, Giow,
Hale, Hail, flatten, Hehrnck, Hickman, IIoar<l, William
A. Howard, Hutching livme, Junkin, Francis W. Kellogg,
Kenyon, Kilhngei, UoWjttO. Lcaeii, Longnecker, Lootn-
is.jjovejoy, Maiston,Elbert rf. Maitm. MaCnaid. McKean,
McKenty, McICmght, IMcriioi.^on, Millwanl, Montgomeiy,
Eabun T. IVIooic. JMuorheud, Mornll, Edwaid Joy Muiii ,
.Morse. Nel-oii. NiKon. Olin, I'alnn-r, Peiiv, I'ottei, I'nttle,
Quailes. Ldwui 11. Re\ noids, itiirg^, Chnstopher Robinson,
Uoyce, ycianton, t^hennan, SpauUl'n^, Manton, Stevens,
William Stevvait, Stoke.-, cutout, tftiatton, Toppan, Thayei,
Theaker, Tompkiii-', Tiain, VeiiCJ', Wade, Wahhon, Wal-
ton, El! ihu 15. Washbutne, Weils,'Wilson, Wmdom,Wood,
and WoodiuiF— ]\-2.
NAYS—Messr-. Avery. Ban, Bocock, Branch, Brigus,
Brown, Buicn, Burnett, llonee l-\ Clark, John 15. Claik,
John Cochrane, Cox, Jame- Craig. Buiton Ciaige, JohnG.
Davis, De Jaxiiettc. 'Miiiauiid-,on, Bullish, John T. llnnis,
ITolman, William Howaid. Hughes. Jenkins. Kiluore. Kun-
kel, Lanabee, Leake, Maci.iy.Cnaile^ D. Martin, McClei-
nand, Millson, Isaac N IVlmn.-. Nibi.ick, 1'eyton, Phelps,
I'ivok James (J. Rob.nUnflm. iseott, riiekle^, Siniin«,
Wiluam X. II. Sinitb, Spmner, Thomas, Yallandighani,
Yttnce, Wintelcy, Wmslow, Woodson, ami Wright— jO.
So the amendment was concurred in.
During the roll-call, 1
Mr. Q.UARLES stated that if Mr. Leach, of
North Carolina, hail been present, he would have
voted " no."
Mr. BARRET (when his name was called)
said: I have always considered the making of a
tariff bill a business transaction, which ought to
be performed by a board of "finance composed of -
merchants, manufacturers, and producers. This
day's proceedings has confirmed me in that opin-
ion. And now I more than ever dcprecate the
action of politicians upon the important subjects
included in this bill and about which they know
nothing.
Having said thus much, and all which is allow-
able after the previous question is demanded, i
vote for the Senate amendment, because Missouri
is an iron State.
The result was announced as above recorded.
Mr. PHELPS. If there is no objection, I am
willing that we shall now pass on to the fiftieth
amendment in relation to the duty on wool, on
which I desire the yeas and nays.
Mr. McCLERNAND. I think we had better
go on regularly with the bill.
Twenty-third amendment:-
Section seven, after the words iron wire,insert the
wonls "diavvn and finished."
The amendment was concurred in.
Twenty-fourth amendment:
After the word* " sht rods," strike out the words " for
nails, nuts, and horse-shoes."
The amendment was concurred in.
Twenty-fifth amendment:
Aftei the wotds "on iron cables or chains, or parts there-
of,'1' insert the woids " and anvils."
The amendment was concurred in.
Twenty-sixth amendment:
After the words " or anchors, or parts thereof," insert the
woids "and anvils.7'
The amendment was concurred in.
Twenty-seventh amendment:
After the word " bed-screws," inset t the word " and ;>J
so as to make it icad, " bed->cicws and \viought hinges."
The amendment was concurred in.
Twenty-eighth amendment:
Strike out the word axle-trees," and itscrt in lieu
theieof the word "axles."
The amendment was concurred in.
Twenty-ninth amendment:
After the words, u wrought-iron railroad chairs," strike
out the words " $i 25 per one hundred pounds," and insert
in lieu thereof "and on wrought-iron nuts ana washers
leady punched, ($25 per ton.
The amendment was concurred in.
Thirtieth amendment:
Alter word "locomotives," insert the wotds, " locomo-
tive tne or parts thereof."
The amendment was concured in.
Thirtieth-and-a-half amendment:
After the woid " pound," mseit the words <£ two inches
and so as to make it read •-
On eciews, commonly called \vood~ccrcws, two inches
or over m length. 5 cents per pound; two inches and le&s
than two inches in length, 8 cents per pound.
The amendment was concurred in.
Thirty-first amendment:
Strike out " twenty-five," and insert "thirtyso as to
make it read :
On seiews, washed or plated, and all other screws of iron
or any other metal, 30 per centum ad valorem; on all manu-
factures of iron not otherwise provided for, 30 per Centura
av valorem.
The amendment was concurred in.
Thirty-second, thirty-third, and thirty-fourth
amendments:
Stiike out the words, "and valued at above 11 cents per
pound, 2£ cents pt-r pound: Provided, That no j" after the
word u form," add the words " not otherwise provided for ;,J
and strike out tire words "less thanso that it will lead :
On ail steel In mgots, bais, sheets, or wire, not less than
one fourth of one inch in diameter, valued at 7 cents per
pound or less, 1 \ cent per pound; valued at above 7 cents
pei pound, and not above 11 cents per pound, 2 cents per
pound ; steel in any foim, not otherwise provided for, &hall
pay a duty of 20 per centum ad valorem; on steel wiie less
than one fourth of an inch in diameter, and not less than
No. 16 wire gauge, $'2 per one hundied pounds, and In ad-
dition theieto, 15 per centum ad valorem; less or finer than
No. 16 wire gauge, $2 50 per one hundred pounds, and in
addition thereto^ 15 per centum ad valorem
The amendments were severally concurred in.
Thirty-fifth amendment:
Insoit the wolds :: cm eioss-cut saws, 8 cents per lincai
foot,"
The amendment was concurred in.
