1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
237
Mr. MeCLERNAND. Then I hope the House
will adjourn. The question of order will bring
it up at any rate.
Mr. HOUSTON. I object to debate.
_ Mr. BARKSDALE. I understand this ques-
tion will come up as the first business to-morrow;
and it strikes me that, with that understanding,
the House ought to adjourn.
Mr. HOWARD, of Michigan. With a view
of accommodating all sides of the House, I will
state what I understand to be the cffect of the
proposition I make. I propose that the vote on
the appeal-be taken at one o'clock, to-morrow.
If the decision of the Chair is sustained, that will
be an end of the whole thing, as a matter of course.
If it is overruled, then I understand the resolution
will come up.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that, if
the House consent to that arrangement, he will
consider it the understanding that tlie vote is to
be taken to-morrow, at one o'clock, on the appeal.
If the Chair be overruled, the resolution will then
be before the House. [Cries of "Agreed!" " No
objection!"]
Mr. HOWARD, of Michigan. I move, then,
that the House do adjourn.
The motion was agreed to.
And thereupon (at a quarter past fouro'clock,
p. m.) the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, January 3, 1861.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Gurley.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Barclay, one of its clerks, announced
that the House had passed a bill (No. S65) mak-
ing appropriations for the current and contingent
expenses of the Indian department, and for ful-
filhngtreaty stipulations with various Indian tribes
for the year ending June 30, 1862; in which the
concurrence of the Senate was requested.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message further announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed the following enrolled
bills; which thereupon received the signature of
the Vico President:
A bill (S. No. 523) for the relief of Lieutenant
George L. HartsufF, United States Army;
A bill (II. R. No. 436) for the relief of Mrs.
Eliza A. Merchant, widow of the late First Lieu-
tenant and Brevet Captain Charles G. Merchant,
of the United States Army; and;
A bill (H R. No. 862) making appropriations
for the support of the Military Academy for the
year ending the 30th of June, 1862.
PRINTING OE DOCUMENTS.
The message further announced that the House
had ordered the printing of the following docu-
ments on January 2, 1861:
Letter from the Secretary of the Treasury, trans-
mitting decisions of the Secretary of War in the
claim of George Fisher, deceased—ordered at
twelve o'clock and fourteen minutes.
Letter from the Postmaster General, transmit-
ting estimates for the service of the Post Office
Department for the year ending June 30, 1862—
ordered at twelve o'clock and sixteen minutes.
ADJOURNMENT TO SATURDAY.
On motion of Mr. GWIN, it was
Ordered, That when the Senate adjourns to-day, it be to
meet oil Saturday next.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. COLLAMER presented the petition of
citizcns of Craftsbnry, Vermont, praying that the
pension of John Woodbury may be made to com-
mence from the date of the disability for which
it was granted; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Pensions.
Mr. KENNEDY presented the petition of Ira
Call, praying that his pension may be made to
commence from the date of the disability for
which it was granted; which was referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
Mr. BIGLER presented the memorial of Alex-
ander Wilson, praying remuneration for expenses
incurred and compensation for his services, while
United States attorney for the Territory of Utah;
which was referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. BIGLER. Mr. President, I present two
memorials of like import, numerously signed by
citizens of the city of Philadelphia, setting forth
that they earnestly pray your honorable bodies
to pass the resolutions introduced by Hon. Mr.
Crittenden, of Kentucky, a copy of which is
hereunto annexed," or any other resolutions em-
bodying the same principles and measures. They
believe this course will be acceptable to our con-
stituents in all sections of the country, and will
have the effect of allaying the present excitement.
These memorials purport to be signed by men of
all political parties. I move that they be laid on
the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BIGLER. I also present the proceedings
of a public meeting held at Harrisburg, the seat
of government of my State, called to take into
consideration the present imminent condition of
the country. Also the proceedings of a meeting
at Carlisle, Pennsylvania, on the same subject.
I will remark in this connection, Mr. President,
with the indulgence of the Senate, that meetings
of a similar character have been held in different
parts of that great State, and I believe in every
instance their proceedings have breathed a spirit
of loyal devotion to the whole country, and fidel-
ity to'the institutions of the country, to the Con-
stitution, and the Union as they now stand. They
further manifest the utmost disposition on the part
of the people of that State to avoid even an ap-
pearance ofevil,forthe purpose of producing har-
mony and peace in this great Confederacy. Fur-
thermore, they indicate very distinctly a desire to
adopt promptly the measures of adjustment sug-
gested by the Senator from Kentucky; and I will
venture to repeat what I have said before, that if
the Congress of the United States will give the
people an opportunity to act, they will embrace
any reasonable measuie ofadjustmcnt. Our friends
in the South will discover that the people are pre-
pared and willing to meet their complaints in the
spirit of kindness and generosity, and respond
favorably to any demand which the States com-
plaining uiay make. With these remarks, I ask
that the proceedings of the meetings be laid on
the table.
They were ordered to lie on the table.
SLAVERY QUESTION.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I rise, Mr. President,
for the purpose of presenting to the Senate a res-
olution. The times upon which we have fallen,
sir, are of a very extraordinary character; full of
danger to the peace of the country, and even to
the Union of the country. Its extraordinary
character seems to me to require of us all efforts,
ordinary and extraordinary, for the purpose of
averting the danger which now so threateningly
hangs over us. The measure which I am about
to propose, sir, is of that extraordinary charac-
ter; and I shall be at a loss fora justification and
excuse for it, if it cannot be found in the perilous
condition of public affairs, and in that great law,
the safety of the people. I hope the measure may
be productive of some good. I shall therefore lay
it on the table, with all other measures tending to
that object, to be considered by the Senate. I
beg leave, sir, as the resolution is-in my hand-
writing, and perhaps not readily to be read by
the Clerk, to read it myself:
Whereas the Union is in danger, and owing to the un-
happy division4! existing m Congicss, it would be difficult,
if notinipoii-ibte, for thai body to concur m both its brandies
by the requisite majority so as to enable, it eh her to adopt
such measures of legislation, or to recommend to the States
such amendments to the Constitution, as are deemed neces-
sary and proper to avert that danger; and whereas in so
great an emergency the opinion and judgment of the peo-
ple ought to be heard, and would be the best and surest
guide to their icprc&enlauves: Theiefure,
Resolved, That provision ought to he made bylaw with-
out delay for taking the sense of the people and submitting
to their vote the following resolutions as the basis for the
final and permanent settlement of those disputes tliat now
distuib the peace oftliecountiyand threaten the existence
of the Union.
Then come the propositions to be submitted,
in the shape of amendments to the Constitution.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Shall the resolu-
tions be read ?
Mr. BIGLER, Mr. GWIN, and others. Let
them be read.
yhc Secretary commenced to read the resolu-
tions.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I will take occasion to
say that the resolutions arc the same that have
been, perhaps, in the hands of every Senator for
some weeks, which were laid on the table some
time ago, and printed—jhe same that I liad the
honor of offering to the Senate, with the addition
of two others proposed by the honorable Senator
from Illinois, [Mr. Douglas,] which also iiave
been printed, and in the hands of Senators. I do
not oppose the reading of them, if gentlemen de-
sire to bear them.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Shall the reading
be continued?
Mr. BIGLER. The reading is called for.
The Secretary concluded the reading of the
resolutions.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Kentucky is entitled to the floor.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Mr. President, it was
not my intention, knowing how this day is pre-
engaged, to interfere with the occupation of the
day by the gentlemen who have possession of the
floor. If I were to enter on any discussion of
this subject, it would occupy much more time
than remains between this and one o'clock. I
could only invoke, out of the fullness'of my own
heart on this subject, the earnest and serious at-
tention of my colleagues in the Senate. We are,
sir, in the presence of great and startling events.
We must do something. It will be an open shame
to the Senate of the United States, an open shame
to the Government of the United States, if, under
such circumstances as now exist, this great Gov-
ernment is allowed to fall in ruins. Gloomy as
the time looks, unbroken as the clouds are that
surround us on every side, and as little reason as
I can see,aslittle solid ground as we seem to have
to stand firmly upon, I yet have a conviction—it
may be a superstitious conviction—that we are
not going to be so unequal to our positions as to
allow this ruin to come upon our country while
we occupysuch honored places among herrulers.
It cannot be, sir. The sacrifice to be made for its
preservation is comparatively worthless. Peace
and harmony and union in a great nation were
never purchased at so cheap a rate as we now have
it in ourpowertodo. It is a scruple only, a scru-
ple of as little value as a barleycorn, that stands
between us and peace and reconciliation and
union; and we stand here pausing and hesitating
about that little atom which is to be sacrificed.
Sir, it may be that we are spell-bound in our
party politics, and in opinions which they have
generated,and fastened andbound uponusagainst
our will; but I appeal with confidence to that
great source from which we derive our power. *
When the people are in danger, and the people's
institutions, I appeal with confidence to them. If
we are at fault, if we cannot combine the requi-
site majority here to propose amendments to the
Constitution which may be necessary to the set- >
tlement of our present difficulties, the people can. w
Give us their voice and their judgment, and they
will be our safest guides. 1 do not' look to this
appeal as one that in any result can prostrate the
Senate of the United States. Not at all. I have
too long shared in its honors, its dignity, and its
independence, to desire ever to see that day; but
I do hope that the representatives will respect
and regard and give a proper influence to the
sense of the people, when fairly and properly as-
certained—no more than it is entitled to, but the
full measure of all that it is entitled to. This is
their Government. Its preservation is dearer and
more inestimable to them than to all the world
beside. They have the greatest interest in it;
they have the greatest care for it. I have believed
myself, and have often said, in the humble ad-
dresses which I have been called upon to make to
the people, "Take care of the Constitution, my
fellow-citizens, and the Constitution will take care
of you; take care of the Union, and the Union
will be sure to protect and preserve you."
This is the doctrine of the people; this will be
the sense and the sentiment of the people; and the
people will give good advice as to how this mat-
ter ought to be settled. I look with confidence to
the advice which they shall give; and, so far from
feeling myself, if I should ever sit here, humbled
at all, or consider myself as a submissionist (a
term now commonly applied to law-abiding men)
I shall walk more proudly upon the highway
which they have pointed out, and more surely,
and more firmly, when I am strengthened with
their strength and honored with their advice. If
further means fail, I trust that we shall avail our-
