288
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 3,
selves of this means and make our appeal to the
people. Sir* I wili not occupy your time longer
this morning. I had not contemplated it. As I
said before, I do not wish to interfere with other
gentlemen who are entitled to the floor.
AMENDMENTS TO THE CONSTITUTION.
Mr. BINGHAM. If there be no farther morn-
ing business, I move that the Senate proceed to
the consideration of the unfinished business of
yesterday.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, resumed the consid-
eration of the joint resolution (S. No. 48) intro-
duced by Mr. Johnson, of Tennessee, proposing
amendments to the Constitution of the United
States.
Mr. BAKER. Mr. President, I cannot resume
the remarks which I propose to conclude bin-fly
to-day, without rendering my thanks to the Sen-
ate for the courtesy which was extended toward
mo in allowing me to continue them now; nnd
adding to those thanks, others to the distinguished
Senator from Illinois, [Mr. Douglas,] whose just
expectations of addressing the Senate to-day I
will endeavor not very long to postpone.
I am not of those, Mr. President, who enter-
tain the opinion that discussion upon all points
of difference between what I hate to call " sec-
tions" of the Confederacy, can be otherwise than
Useful. 1 desire, for my part, to understand clearly
and distinctly from gentlemen upon the other
Bide, what it is of which they complain, I de-
sire to understand, as I may, the ground, the rea-
son, the proof of that complaint; because I am
very sure that 1 intend, faithfully and loyally to
the Constitution, to obviate all just, reasonable,
and manly ground of opposition to us. 1 do not
piopo.se, in the eyes of posterity, to place my-
self (if, indeed, they may ever glance upon me
at all) in a position where good and wise men
may say, " that man, from piide of opinion or
pride of party, fostered the feeling which led to
the dissolution of the Union, and refused to listen
to honorable and just complaint against him." I
do not mean to do that. Therefore it is that I
inquire, respectfully, earnestly, probing it, as I !
believe, to the bottom, if 1 can, what it is that
gentlemen are going to dissolve this Union about?
I say, with all respect to my distinguished friend
from Kentucky, [Mr. Crittenden,] that to do
that m a good temper, cannot do any harm; and,
sir, 1 feci, as 1 ought to feel upon this floor, noth-
ing but sen timentsofcourtesy to wards every mem-
ber of this body. I hope that so far I have thus
conducted the discussion, and so I shall continue
to the end.
I may remark, sir, that when the Senate ad-
journed yesterday I was endeavoring to demon-
strate that the complaint made by the distinguished
Senator from Louisiana that we were endeavor-
ing to establish a construction of the Constitution
that .slavei y was the creature of local law, thereby
banishing it from the Territories of the United
States, if true, was not just as a matter of com-
plaint; that whether he attacks the Republican
party, of which lam a humble member, or whether
lie attacks the great majority of the people of the
North, with whom i feel a common sympathy,
the. attack is unjust, because the leading men of
the South, the public opinion of.the South, the
leading men of the North, the public opinion of
the North, the Democracy of the North, the Re-
publicans of the North, the Whigs of the North, I
nay, all classes of politicians and all classes of j
men have agreed, according to the doctrine and j
teaching of our lathers, that slavery was in fact j
the creature of local law only, and could not go !
into the Territories by virtue of that local law. 1
That is what I have been endeavoring to establish
*.50 fai, not so much as a matter of argumen t as a
matter of authority.
For that purpose,sir, I have read passages from
the speeches of many distinguished gentlemen
kno ,vn to the country. 1 have one or two more;
but out of respect to the time of the Senate I will
pass to the discussion of other topics. I shall
i cad next, directly upon this question of the right
of rli" southern people to go into the Territories
with their siaves, the opinion of Mr, Cass, ex*
pn <^cd m a spcech delivered November 4, 1854,
at Detroit.
Mr DOOLITTLE read,as follows:
«Th ■ doctrine ["of eqmhfy, See.] never had any real
foundation either in the Constitution or in the nature of
the Confederation, tt rested on the assumption that the
public domain being acquired by the whole Union, the
whole Union had equal rights in the enjoyment This
postulate is undeniable. But what then? It was contended
lurther that the United States could not enjoy us equal
light ot settlement upon the public lands, unless a com-
paratively «mall portion of its inhabitants, say three hun-
dred and fifty thousand out of more than six million white
persons could take their slaves with them, or, in other
word*, that every man from every state in the Union, had
a light to take all his propeity to the public domain and
there hold it—whisky, banks, or anything else—though pro-
hibited by the local law. A true answer to this pretension is,
that if any man, North or South, holds property not recog-
nized as such or prohibited by the local law, his lomedy is
to he found, not in the violation of it, but in the conversion
of such pioperty into money, the universal representative
of value, and take that to his new home, and there com-
mence his work oi enterprise m a new and giowing com-
munity.
tk h the Pout!) has changed its views of this great ques-
tion, the North has not; nor is the unshaken adhesion of
noitliom men to then ougmal convictions a just huliject of
complaint, any inoie than the expression of them in proper
teuns oi knbeaianee and moderation."
Mr. BAKER. "Nor is the unshaken adhe-
sion"—I quote again Ins emphatic language—
" Nor is the unshaken adhesion of northern men
to their original convictions a just subject of com-
plaint, any more than the expression of -them in
proper teims of forbearance and moderation"—a
very decided squintatthe right itself and the right
to express it.
Now, sir, it may be said that this is the opin-
ion of a northern man. While it is none the better,
i am sure it is none the worse for that. Gentle-
men will remember that 1 am quoting on all sides,
from the chieftains of the people and the leaders
of the war. But, not to be singular, and indeed
to be, as I mean to be, perfectly respectful to all
sections, 1 shall show by my next extract that
Virginia, the mother of States and of statesmen,
speaking by an authoritative voice on this floor—
a voice which we all hear with pleasure, one of
her distinguished Senators, [Senator Hunter]—
says what, according to the opinion of the Sena-
tor from Louisiana, must, I think, be considered
of itself cause for dissolution.
Mr. DOOLITTLE read, as follows:,
Mr. Senator IlUN"iTR,in Ins speech, last fall, before the
Hrcckumdgc J)<:nu>cidtic State convention, at Charlottes-
ville, Virginia, said:
" When I lh>t entered the Federal councils, which was
at the commencement of 3Vlr. Van Huicn\s administration,
the moial and political status of the slavery question was
very different trom what it now is. Then the southern
men themselves, with but few exceptions, admitted sla-
very to be a moral evil, and palliated and excused it upon
the plea of necessity. Then there were few men of any
party to be found in the non-slaveholdmg States who did
not maintain both the constitutionality and expediency ot
the anti-slavery resolution, now generally known as the
VVilmot proviso. Had any man at that day ventured the
prediction that the Missouri restriction would ever be re-
pealed, be would have been deemed a visionary and theorist
of the wildest sort. What a revolution have we not witnessed
in all this ! The discussion and the contest on the slavery
question have pone on eversiiiee, so as to absorb almost en-
tirely the American mind. In many respects the results of
that "discussion have not been adver>e to us. Southern men
no longer occupy a deprecatory attitude upon the question
ot negioslaveiy in this country. While they by no means
pretend that slavery is. a good condition of tilings, under any
circumstances and in all countries, they do maintain that,
under the relations that the two races stand to each other
heir, it is best lor both that the infeiior should be subjected
to the superior. The same opinion is extending even in
the Noitli, where it is entertained by many, although not
generally aecepte/l A< evidence, too, of the growing
change on this subject of the public sentiment of the world,
I may icfer to the eouive of Fiance and Gicat Britain in
tcgaul to the coolyand the Airican apprenticeship system
a<; introduced into" thoir colonic5?. That they are thus run-
ning the slave trade in anotherfoun is raielydenied. Itis
not to be supposed that thee Governments are blind to the
real natuie of this cooly trade ; and the arguments by which
they defend it already afford an evidence of a growing
change in their opinions upon slavery in geneial.51
Mr. BAICEll. I have caused this passage to
be read, Mr. President, for one puipose. With
the argument X have now nothing to do; with the
opinion of the Senator from Virginia, that France
and England are endeavoring to advance slavery
in their own peculiar and pet way, I do not pro-
pose to deal; but I do present it to show that
southern men have been always of the opinion
of the fathers, that Congress had the power to
restrict slavery in the Territories, because slavery
was the creature of local law alone. That is all.
I do not say it proves it. I am sufficiently in the
habit of differing from the Senator from Virginia
not to take what he may say a,-: evidence always;
but against the Senator from Louisiana—— ■
Mr. HUNTER. { ask the Senator, does lie
say that he quoted that show that I admitted
that the Senators of the South belie v'-d there was
power in Coftgress to restrict slavery m thcTerj
ritories?
Mr. BAKER. Repeat, if you please.
Mr. HUNTER. Does he mean to say that he
quoted that in order to show that I maintained
that it was the opinion of southern men that there
was a power in Congress to restnet slavery in the
Territories?
Mr. BAKER. Not exactly; but I apprehend
that I can ask the Senator two or three questions
thatwillmakehimadmititrightoutnow. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. HUNTER. All I can say is, that I have
never admitted it yet.
Mr, BAKER. And all I say, in answer to that,
is, that it is never too late to do well. Now, I
submit to gentlemen everywhere; 1 understand
them to be in favor of establishing—I will not say
establishing—protecting slavery in the Territo-
ries; I understand that that arises from the power
of Congress to govern Territories. The Repub-
licans generally admit the power to govern; and
from that they argue the right to prohibit. I be-
lieve that, according to the later phase of southern
opinion—and it has many phases—the southern
gentlemen admit the power of Congress to govern
the Territories; and from thence they argue the
power to establish, or, at least, to protect slavery;
and when, now, with the new fit, many of them
profess to bo in favor of the Missouri compro-
mise, 1 suppose it will not be denied that that
means just this: Congress has the power to gov-
ern the Territories; and governing them, it may
govern them upon slavery as upon every other
subject; the Constitution takes it there; they may
regulate and protect it there; and if they may do
it upon all the Territories, they may refuse to do
it upon part. Some of them say so, and some of
them deny it; but, at any rate, they all say, in
making the Missouri compromise line, that it is
the power of prohibition on one side, and of pro-
tection on the other. The distinguished Senator
from Virginiadoes not deny that, as I understand
him. The distinguished Senator from Louisiana
has not, in former years, denied that, as 1 have
understood him.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Do I understand the Sen-
ator from Oregon to say that I ever admitted the
power ofCongress to exclude slaves from any
portion of the public territory?
Mr. BAKER. I will not say that I am quite
certain that the distinguished Senator has so done;
and if he says otherwise, of course I would cheer-
fully yield to the correction, if 1 had so said; but
£ may say that I do understand that gentlemen
upon that side of the Chamber, at some period
of their lives, in some of the phases of politics—
when my friend was a Clay man; when my friend
was a Whig; before the lepeal of the Missouri
compromise was proposed—at a time when most
of us were singing hallelujahs to it, I should
think it very strange if I could riot prove that the
gentleman was in favor of some line of separation
between slavery and freedom.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Mr. President, I will an"
s\Ver the Senator, so far as I am concerned, that
I never have admitted any power in Congress to
prohibit slavery in the Territories any where, upon
any occasion, or at any time in my life that t can
remember. I will say further to him: so faros the
question is concerned about the desire of the
South to extend the line—that the southern States,
at the period of the acquisition of Territory from
Mexico, proposed to extend that line—not upon
the idea that Congress had the power to exclude
slavery from any part of the territory, but that,
the representatives of the southern States in both
Houses consenting to that act, it would operate
as an agreement or compact, not binding consti-
tutionally, but binding upon the good faith of the
people of all parts of the Confederacy. In that
light they proposed to settle the question forever.
They never aid admit that Congress had the
power, constitutionally, that I am aware of.
Mr. BAKER. When the Senator says that he
himself never did it, I am by no means disposed
to dispute it, and particularly so, as I believe I
have not asserted it; but the Senator docs now *
say that the southern people were in favor of the
Missouii compromise 
Mr, BENJAMIN. Excuse me.
Mr. BAKER. I think that is what the Senator
said.
Mr. BENJAMIN. That the southern people
