1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
were in favor, at the time of the acquisition of the
new Territory from Mexico, of extending the line
to the Pacific ocean, and leaving it undisturbed,
as a matter of compact, not as a matter of consti-
tutional power. That was refused by the North.
Mr. BAKER. Well, Mr. President, ataproper
time and on a proper occasion, I think 1 could
show the Senator that it would be very difficult
to establish the proposition that any body has a
right to do by compact-what will violate the Con-
stitution. That is the sum total now of all he is
saying.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Does the Senator deny that
a State has a right to abandon any privilege ac-
corded to it by the Constitution, if it does not
choose to exercise it?
Mr. BAKER. No, sir; but this is what I do
say: that if you, the Senator from Louisiana, do,
in your conscience, believe that an act of Congress
to prohibit slavery in the territory of the United
States, or in any part or parcel thereof, is in vio-
lation of the Constitution of the United States,
and in derogation of the rights either of the States
or the people—if, in your heart and conscience,
you really do believe that, you are false and per-
jured when you do it. Let me add, as the lan-
guage is strong, that I am quite as sure as I live,
that, with that view the Senator never would do it.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Mr. President, I endeav-
ored to make my proposition as plain as I know
how to do it. I say that, under the Constitution,
Congress has no power to exclude the southern
States from participation in the territory, from
going there with their slave property, and there
finding protection. I say that, notwithstanding
the absence of all that congressional power, it is
perfectly competent, and ill accordance with the
spirit of the Constitution, for southern members,
even by way of an act of Congress, to pledge the
honor of their States that they will not avail them-
selves of the piivilege of going into that part of
the territory that is north of a particular line, and
of proposing that to the people of the North as a
settlement of a disputed question—not because
the act of Congress would thereby be binding,
under the Constitution itself, but because it would
be good and authentic evidence to the people of
the'North of an agreement by the people of the
South not to insist on that part of the Constitu-
tion which gave that right.
Mr. BAKER. Mr. President, I do this time
certainly clearly understand the distinguished Sen-
ator from Louisiana, and yet I do not see any-
thing fairly in reply to what I have urged upon
him. Now, he tells me that the southern people
haveagreedthatslavery maybeprohibited. How?
Sir, in passing the Missouri compromise bill, they
did not merely agree to do it—the act of Congress
is not a mere evidence to be used in a court of
honor that the people of Louisiana will not inter-
fere with the bargain. That is not it; but the act
of Congress is a positive law, made under the
sanction of an oath, in the light of the consciences
of the men who agreed to it; and I ask him in all
fairness and honor, if he or I to-day vote in this
Senate Chamber to prohibit slavery in a certain
Territory, whether, if we believe that we have no
right under the Constitution to do that, we do not
violate both the Constitution and our oaths when
we render that vote? I think that from this po-
sition there is no escape. When Mr. Clay gave
that vote, he had no constitutional doubt. When
the South urged it, and the North agreed to it, they
who voted had no constitutional doubt; or if they
had, it vanished before the clear light of reason
and argument. The North, as it is said, accepted
it reluctantly; at least they abided by it. When
gentlemen destroyed it they ran after strange
gods; and now when many of them propose to
come back to it, they are offering a truer and more
acceptable worship. But, sir, the point of the
argument is not to be evaded by any pretense
that it is a mere agreement in a court of honor to
do that Which they have no legal and constitutional
ri"'ht to do. Suppose a gentleman from Alabama
comes up and says " Sir, you, the Senator from
Louisiana, have voted to prohibit me from taking
my slaves into the territory north of 36° 30'; what
do you mean by it; have vou any right to do it?
" Oh no," the Senator says," no nghtm the world;
it is just a sort of legislative flourish, a compact
between us and somebody else, that having done
it, we will never take back; it is the exercise
of a right which theoretically we do not claim;
we have just done it—we do not exactly know
why in point of law, but we have done it because
we hope, having done it, nobody will undo it."
What will the strict constructionists on the othef
side say to that? What words will they put in
my mouth ?
I do not think the argument can be defended
other than upon the ground assumed by a justice
of the peace, well known to my distinguished friend
from Illinois, [Mr. Douglas,] old Boiling Green,
in answer to a little law advice that 1 gave him on
one occasion when the Senator and I were both
very young men, and (if he will excuse me for
saying so) very poor lawyers. [Laughter.] Old
Boiling Green, then a magistrate, came to me and
said: "Baker, 1 want to know if I have jurisdic-
tion in a case of slander." I put on a very im-
portant air; looked atliim steadily—looked as wise
as I could, and I said to him: " Squire, you have
no such authority; that is reserved to a court of
general jurisdiction." "Well," said he, "think
again; you have not read law very well, or very
long; try it again; now, have I not jurisdiction;
can I not do it?" " No," I said, "you cannot."
Said he: "Try once more; now, cannot I take
jurisdiction." "No, sir," said I, "you cannot;
I know it; I have read the law from Blackstone
to ; well, I have read Blackstone, and I know
you cannot do it." "Now, sir," said he, "I
know I can; for, by Heaven, I have done it."
[Laughter.] I understand, now, that the sum total
of the answer which is made to my objection as
to the constitutionality of the Missouri compro-
mise touching the consciences of the gentlemen
who proposed to pass it without power, is just
the reply of my old friend Boiling Green. They
say, "Theoretically we have not the power; con-
stitutionally we have not the power; but, by
Heaven, we have done it." [Laughter.]
Well, sir, I do not assume to deal with them
in a court of conscience. That is their matter. I
do not pretend to discuss the propriety of making
a solemn act of the Congress of the United States
merely evidence in a court of honor, subject, as
I think, to a demurrer to evidence at least. That
is none of my business. What I am dealing with
is this: if that be the opinion of Virginia, of Lou-
isiana, of the entire South; if they have done it
by their leaders, by their speeches; if they have
lived by it; if, being a compact, it is an executed
compact; if under it State after State has come
into this Union, is it not too late for them to deny
now that we are justified if we wish to adhere to
that principle? Have they a right to come and
say: "You are declaring slavery to be a creature
of the local law, and we will justly dissolve the
Union by revolution in consequence thereof?"
That is the sole purpose for which I have read
all these extracts; and I think, from the conclu-
sion, that this is neither fair, nor just, nor right,
nor constitutional. There is no escape.
But, sir, passing from that; the Senator from
Louisiana, in the second item of the "dreary
catalogue" which he recounts in his speech, says,
in substance, that we attack slavery generally.
Now, I am going to reply at some little length to
that count in the indictment. I begin thus: if the
gentleman means that, in violation of the Consti-j
tution of the United States, we of the North oi^
West, by any bill, resolution, or act, do in any-"
wise interfere with the state and condition of
slavery where it exists within the States of this
Union, or any of them, by virtue of local law,by
which alone it can be created, we deny it. We
have offered no such interference; we claim no
such power. Sir, as I remember the history, as
early as 1790, a committee of the House of Rep-
resentatives—composed, with one exception, of
northern men—reported to that Congress a reso-
lution, which you will find in the great speech of
Mr. Webster upon this point, declaring that we
have no right or power to interfere with slavery
in the States. That resolution was adopted by a
northern Congress—a body near two thirds of
whom were northern men; and I say that from
that day to this, according to my recollection,
and m my best judgment, and on my conscience,
I do not know, nor do I bplieve, that Congress
has attempted seriously to doubt practically that
doctrine, or in anywise to interfere with the con-
dition of slavery in the slave States. Upon that
point I am subject to correction on either hand.
Mr. BENJAMIN. If the Senator -frill permji
me, the charge is not that Congress does it, bat
that the States do it.
Mr. BAKER. Very well j I thank tlie gen-
man; and with the directness which belongs to
his character, and the courtesy which he catJ
never forget, I shall be happy if, only to carry
down the argument, whenever he sees a proper
place, he will just direct my attention to the pith
and marrow of the matter as he does now. Nov/,
be it understood, on this given day of January,
in the year of our Lord 1861, the great champion
of the South upon this question gets up in his
place in the Senate and admits that there is no
ground of complaint that the Federal Government
ever has attempted to interfere with the existence
ofslaveryin the southern States. Wewillgetthat
down upon the record, and I apprehend it will be
quoted before this controversy is over, again and
But it is said that the northern States, the west-
ern States, in other words, the free States, do so
interfere. Again we deny it. The fact is not so.
"The proof cannot bo made. Why, sir, I might
ask, in the first place, how can the States so in-
terfere? Suppose Illinois, of which I desire to
speak always with affectionate solicitude, and of
which I can speak with considerable knowledge,
were to violate all the opinions which she has
manifested in her history, and desired to inter-
fere with the existence of slavery in Virginia,
how would she go about it ? I have the profound-
est respect for my friend as a lawyer; but I would
like to know what bill he could frame by which
Illinois could interfere with the existence of sla-
very in Virginia.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Mr. President, I will tell
the Senator, not how they can do it by bill, but
how they do it in acts. A body of men pene-
trated into the State of Virginia by force of arms,
into a peaceful village at the dead hour of night,
armed with means for the purpose of causing the
slaves to rise against their masters, seized upon
the public property of the United States, and
murdered the inhabitants. A man was found in
Massachusetts who, in public speeches, declared
that he approved of that, and that the invasion
was right; and the people of Massachusetts, by
an enormous majority—the fact of that man's
action placed before the people as aground why
he should" be elected their Governor—elected him
their Governor, indorsed the invasion of a sister
State, indorsed the murder of the peaceful inhab-
itants of the State of Virginia. The people of
Massachusetts, by the election of Andrews as
their Governor, have indorsed the act of John
Brown, have indorsed the invasion of a sister
State, and the murder of its peaceful citizens at
dead of night.
The people of Massachusetts in their collect-
ive capacity have done more. They have sent
Senators upon this floor, whose only business
has been, for year after year, to insult the people
of the South; here, in this common assembly of
confederate embassadors, to cast slander and op-
probrium upon them; to call them thieves, mur-
derers, violators; charge them as being criminals
of the blackest dye; and because the men who
here represent Massachusetts did that, Massa-
chusetts has sent them back to repeat the wrong.
They have done that, and nothing else, since^ver
I have been in the Senate.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President 
Mr. BAKER. Oh, never mind. Mr. President,
I asked the gentleman from Louisiana to point out
to me and to the Senate, howj if the State of Illi-
nois were desirous to interfere with the existence
of slavery in Virginia, it could be done. I leave
to his cooler temper and his better taste to ex-
amine how he has answered me. Why, sir, he
runs off into a disquisition upon John Brown,
which would not dignify a stump. Now, I sub-
mit that that is not the point between us. I hold
that his answer is an acknowledgment that a free
State cannot, as a State, interfere in any conceiv-
able way with slavery in a slave State; and that
being so, we advance another step. We agree
now that Congress never have interfered, and that
States never can.
But the gentleman says, (and I do not reply to
it now on account of what he has said at this mo-
ment, but because it is another of the counts m
the indictment,) that individuals in the northern
