240
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 3.
States have interfered with slavery in the south-
ern States. I believe that to be true; but being
true, I ask, what then ? Is that the chief ground
of dissolution ? Are you going to revolt for that?
Will you plunge us into civil war for that ? Is that
all? Sir, let us examine it a little more closely.
I pass, as unworthy the dignity of the debate, the
incidental attack which the Senator from Louis-
iana has chosen to make upon the people of Mas-
sachusetts, upon the Governor of tliat great State,
and upon the distinguished Senators from that
State, who, in my judgment,are an honor on this
floor to this body. It is not my purpose—they
would not intrust me with their defense; nor is it
needful that I should make it here or anywhere.
That is not within the scope and purpose of this
debate; but it is within the scope and purpose of
' this debate to examine how much of truth there
is in the general sweeping charge which the Sena-
tor has chosen to make, and how much justifica-
tion in the fact,ifthc fact be true.
Sir, the people of the northern and western
States are a free people. We have there various
rights guarantied to us by our State constitu-
tions, among the chiefest of which are liberty of
thought and freedom of speech. We are an in-
quiring people; we are an investigating people;
and we are, no doubt, very subject to the charge
often made against us, that wo. are a people of
isms. Where there is perfect freedom of opinion,
that must be the case m the nature of things. It
is in the nature of the human mind itself. Laws
will not restrain it. We cannot bind the human
mind with fetters, nor can wc limit it to modes of
expression. It will think, and it will act, spite of
all government, and beyond all law. It follows,
as a consequence, that the people will not think
alike; and, of course,as there cannot be two ways
perfectly light upon any one subject, the people
will not always think truly and wisely.
What then? There are people 111 Massachu-
setts and in Illinois and in Oregon, who will not
only violate the rights of the slave States, but the
rights of the free. There are people in the North
who will not only steal niggers, but steal horses.
There are people m the .North who will not only
try to burn down houses in the slave States, but
who will be incendiary in the free States, [tis
the duty of the distinguished Senator from Louis-
iana and myself sometimes, as counsel, to defend
such men. Nor do 1 know that such men or such
defenses are confined to the North or the West
alone. I apprehend if a grateful procession of the
knaves and rascals, who are indebted to the dis-
tinguished Senator from Louisiana for an escape
from the penitentiary and the halter, were to sur-
round him to-day, it would be difficult for even
admiring friends to gel neur him to congratulate
linn upon the success of his efforts upon this floor.
[Laughter.] When, therefore, he says that in-
dividuals—not States, not Congress—Imt individ-
uals in the free States, do attack ill their individ-
ual capacity the honor and dignity of the slave
States, and do run off then- niggers, and do steal
their property, and do kidnap, and do various
other things contrary to their duty as good citi-
zens, I am inclined, while I regret it, to believe
the whole of it.
Springing from that, and evidenced, as I think,
by the excited enumeration which the distin-
guished Senator has chosen to make of the wi ongs
and^irimes of the State of Massachusetts and her
Senators; springing from that exaggerated mode
of thought and expression, as to the free States,
arises the spirit of the count m the indictment
against the whole of us. Now, I beg leave to say
to the honorable Senator, that the desire to inter-
feie with the lights of slaveiy 111 the sla\e States
is not the desiie of the northern people. It is not
the desite of tile people of Oregon, I know; it is
net (lie desire of the people of California, 1 am
sure; it is li'ot the desire of the people of Illinois,
I would swear; and 1 may say more, that in all
my association with the Republican party, I have
yet 10 find among them, from their chiefs down
to their humblest private, one man who proposes
to mteifere wHIi the existence of slaveiy m the
slaie States by force, by legislation, or by con-
gressional action. I have known nu such man
in ail my slnu't experience, nor do 1 believe that
the Senator from Louisiana can point out any
such man.
Mr. BENJAMIN. If the Senator merely de-
sires me to answer him, I will tell him exactly
what I said the other day; that the belief of the
South is, and I admit I share it, that without in-
tending to violate the letter of the Constitution by
going into States for the purpose of forcibly
emancipating slaves, it is the desire of the whole
Republican party to close up the southern States
with a cordon of free States for the avowetl pur-
pose of forcing the South to emancipate them.
Mr. BAKER. Very well, sir. See how glo-
riously we advance step by step. Wc abandon
now the charge that Congress does it; we aban-
don now the charge that States do it; we abandon
now the charge that the individual members of
the northern and western communities aa a body
desire to interfere with slavery contrary to law;
to violate any existing right in the slave States;
but we insist tenaciously and pertinaciously on
our fourth count in the indictment; and it is
this 
Mr. BENJAMIN. The Senator, I trust, does
not desire to misrepresent what I said.
Mr. BAKER. I do not, sir.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I am confident that he does
not. I understood the Senator to ask me, m re-
lation to the Republican party, what proof I had
of their desire to destroy slavery in the States. I
gave it to him. I did not say that independently
of that, there were not oflier attacks upon south-
ern slavery. I just this moment referred him to
the direct attack of the State of Massachusetts—
the State as a State. Independently of that, by
the further exemplification of the State of Massa-
chusetts, I will refer him to the fact that her Legis-
lature indorsed the vituperations of her Senator
on this floor, by an enormous majority, and made
that a State act; and furthermore, that she passed
a law in violation of the rights of southern slave-
holders, and all her eminent legal men are now
urging the State to repeal the law as a gross out-
rage upon the constitutional rights of the South.
Mr. BAKER. Why, Mr. President, in aState
where all her eminent legal men are desirous to
rectify a wrong, I do not think, if the Senator
will wait a little while, there can beany very great
danger. Our profession is a very powerful one;
and 1 have never known a State in which we all
agree upon a legal pioposition that we could not
inducc her to agree to it too. That is a mere an-
swer in passing.
I insist, however—I know it is no-t quite pleas-
ant to my friend, and I regret that it is not so—
that 1 have brought him down to a clear state-
ment by way of abandonment of three or four of
the specifications, it is now true that the great
ground of complaint has narrowed itself down to
this: that, as a people, we desire to circle the slave
States with a cordon of free States, and thereby
destroy the institution of slavery; to treat it like
the scorpion girt by fire. I take that to be an
abandonmentof the main counts in the indictment,
unless that be considered one of them. Now, I
approach that question: first, if we, a fiee people,
leally, in our hearts and consciences, believing,
that freedom is better for everybody than slavery,
do desire the advance of free sentiments, and do
endeavor to assist tliut advance in a constitutional,
legal way, is that, I ask him, ground of separa-
tion ?
. J Mr. BENJAMIN. 1 say, yes; decidedly,
nl Mr. BAKER. That is well. And I say just
as decidedly, and perhaps more emphatically,
no! And 1 will proceed to tell him why. The
argument is a little more discursive to-day than
yesterday, but perhaps not loss instructive. Sup-
pose that circling slavery with a cordon of free
States were a cause of scpai ation, and therefore
war with us: is it not just us much so with any-
bodyelse? ltis no greater crime for a Massachu-
setts man orati Oregon man to circle, to girdle, and
thereby kill slavery, than for a Frenchman, or an
I Englishman, or a Mexican. It is as much a cause
of war against France, or England, or Mexico,
as against us.
Again, sir: how arc you going to help it ? How
can we help it > Circle slavery with a cordon of
free States ! Why, if 1 read history and observe
gt ographv rightly, it is so girdled now. Which
way can slavery extend itself that it does not en-
cioaeh upon the soil of freedom : Has the Sena-
tor thought of that? It cannot go North, though
it is trying very hard, It cannot go into Kansas,
though it made a convulsive effort, mistaking a
spasm for strength. It cannotgo South, because,
amid the degradation and civil war and peonage
of Mexico, if there be one thing under heaven
they hate worse than another, it is African slavery.
It cannot reach the islands of the sea, for they are
under the shadow of France, that guards then-
shores against such infectious approach. It is
circled; I will not say girdled. I recollect the
figure, familiar to us all, by which be intimates
that that which is girdled will die. Therefore, I
do not say girdled; I say circled, inclosed, sur-
rounded; I may say hedged in; nay, more, I may
say—where is the Senator from New York, [Mr.
Seward?] he is a prophet, and I will not predict;
but, if I were not warned by his example and his
prediction as to the "irrepressible conflict," I
might saythat, being so hedged, circlcd,guarded,
encompassed, it will some day—it may be infin-
itely far distant, so far as mortal eye can see—
but it will be some day lost and absorbed in the
superior blaze of freedom. And, sir, that would
be the case, just as much as it is now, if there
were no northern free States. What harm do I,
in Illinois or Oregon, to the Senator from Louisi-
ana? Where can his slavery go, that it is not now,
unless it belli this disputedTeiritory of New Mex-
ico ? Where else? If it go anywhere else, it will
go incursive, aggressive upon freedom. It will go
by invading the rights of a nation that is inferior
and that desires to be friendly. It will go in defi-
ance of the wish and will and hope and tear and
prayer of the whole civilized world. It will go in
defiance of the hopes of civilized humanity all
over the world. The Senator will not deny that.
Therefore it is that it appears to me idle—and I
had almost said wicked—to attempt to plunge this
country into civil war, upon the pretense that wc
are endeavoring to circle your institution, when,
if we had no such wish or desire in the world,
it is circled by destiny, by Providence, and by
human opinion everywhere.
I will press the Senator from Louisiana a little
further. We of the northern and western States—
and it is the complaint that our Abolitionists make
against us—are the only allies you have got in the
world. It is to us (and I speak it to you with
affectionate kindness) that, m the hour of your
cxtremest trial, you are to look for sympathy, for
succor, for support. You have with us what you
call a league; what you call a compact; what wo
call a united Government, by which we are bound,
in some points of view, to recognize your institu-
tion, and by that to afford you support in the hour
of your danger. Why, sir, if your slaves revolt;
if there bo among you domestic insurrection—God
grant the hour may never come!—we are called
upon by our constitutional obligation to maieli to
your support; and, though there be nothing worse
than to fight in a servile war, unless it be to suffer
in one, we of the North, when that hour shall
arrive, will march to sustain you, our brethren,
our kindred, the people of our race, with all our
power. It is a painful subject to refer to, and I
pass it with a single remark.
Again: by the Constitution of the United States
we are required to protect you ngainst the escape
of your slaves through our terutories, to return
them, and to return them in violation of common
law and against the principles of international
relations acknowledged by the whole civilized
world. Would France do that? AVould Mexico
do that? Would England do that? Would the
Czar of Russia do that? No, sir. It is to us, and
to us alone, that you are to look for whatever of
safety, of succor, of sympathy, you can find m
the whole world, and—I had well nigh said—in
the whole univeise.
There is, then, no ground of complaint against
us, even if all you say be true, that wo are sur-
rounding you by a girdle, a cordon, a circle of
free States. Why, you seem to me to have the
same notion with ail old man in my counti y who
was complaining that he was not rich enough.
He was a farmer. Ho said he would* be per-
fectly happy if he only had all the land that joined
him. [Laughter.] It appears to me that the com-
plaint of the honoiuble Senator is, that slavery
does not extend everywhere, without border, or
limit, or girdle, or circle in the world.
Again: does the Senator remember, when he
asks us to restrain this process of circling the
slave States by the settlement of free communities
upon their borders, that he is asking us to do
