THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. 0.
Thirty-Sixth Congress, 2d Session.
WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 27, 1861.
New Series No. 76.
One hundred and thirty-fifth amendment:
In line thirty-six of the same section, strike out " asa-
faetula."
The amendment was concurred in.
One hundred and thirty-sixth amendment:
In line thirty-nine of the same section, after the words
"Barilla and soda ash," strike out the follow mi? * "not
containing over 60 per centum of caibonate of soda.1'
The amendment was concurred in.
One hundred and thirty-seventh amendment:
Begmmngat line titty-seven m the Fame section, strike
out, " books, all edition'? which h;ive been punted thnty
yeais pnoi to the date ol nnpoitauon, 111 any language,
bound or unbound.''
The amendment was concurred in.
One hundred and thirty-oigluh amendment:
In line seventy-five of the same section, stuke out the
word u eautharides."
The amendment was concurred in.
One hundred and thirty-ninth amendment:
In line seventy-seven of the same section, stuke out
" clay, unwrought."
The amendment was concurred in.
One hundred and fortieth amendment:
In line eighty-nine of the same section, strike out" cop-
per ore."
The amendment was concurred in.
One hundred and forty-first amendment:
In line one hundred and seven ol the same section, stiike
out the woid " gamboge."
The amendment was concurred in.
One hundred and forty-second amendment:
in line one bundled and lorty of the same section, strike
outipecacuanha "
The amendment was concurred in.
One hundred and foity-third amendment:
In line one bundled and foitj-five of the same section
strike out " jalap."
The amendment was concurred in.
One hundred and forty-fourth amendment:
In lines one hundred and eighty and one bundled and
eighty-one ol the same se< hon, s-tiike out the woids " ami
all other paintings and staiuaiy."
The amendment was concurred in.
One hundred and forty-fifth amendment:
In hue one bundled and forty-five of the same section,
insert the word* " and .silk cocoons and >ilk waste.
The amendment was concurred m.
One hundred and forty-sixth amendment:
In hue two lunuhed and thnteen of the same section, in-
sert the woidsk- &ta\e* for pipe-, hothead*, or otliei easks,.5'
The amendment was concurred in.
One hundred and forty-seventh amendment:
In line two hundred and seventeen 01 the s^ame section,
strike out " Milphate 01 ammonia.''
The amendment was concurred in.
The one hundred and forty-eighth, one hundred
and forty-ninth, one hundred and fiftieth, 0110
hundred and fifty-first, one hundred and fifty-sec-
ond, one hundred and fifty-third, and one hundred
and fifty-fourth atneiidnx nts, proposing merely
to change the numbers of the sections of the bill,
were seveiatly cuiiem red in.
One hundred and fifty-fifth amendment:
Add the following section :
Sec. ^3. jind be il Jinlha- vnuded. That when meichan-
di-e of the same mateiia! 01 disruption, but of difleient
values, are lin meed at an aveiagf pi tee, and m>t other we-e
provided fni. the dutj -hull he ;i—. e-.-ed upon the whole in-
voice, at the rale til" highest valued eood- in such invoice
are subject to under this act. The words value and valued,
u^ed in tins act.shall be con^tiucd and undei-tood as mean-
inn the true maiket value of the good-, wai e>«, and mcteiian-
di>e m tin* puneipa! maikets 01 the Country whence ex-
ported at the date of exportation.
The amendment was concurred in.
One hundred and fifty-sixth and last amend-
ment:
Add.it the end of the bill the following additional seetio.i •
Src, 01 •.'hid he ti fin/hereart<That all go id w.u e-,
and meiehandi^e actually on f-h.phoard and bound to the
United State-, within lifteen days after the pas-ase of thi-
act. and ail good-?, wares, and tneu-hai.diM. in d> p'-sit in
waiehou^e or public -toie on the !«t day of Apul, 1861,
shall be subject to pav such duties as provided by law be-
fore and at the time ot the passage of this act; and all good*
in warehouse ot the tune this act takes effect, on which the
duties are lessened by its provihions, may be withdrawn 011
payment of the duties herein provided.
Mr. BRANCH. I move to lay that amendment
upon the table; and I desire to ask the Chair
whether, if the House nowadjourn,this bil! will
not come up as the first business in order in the
morning ?
The SPEAKER. In the opinion of the Chair
it will.
Air. STANTON. I hope the House will not
adjourn until we have put the bill to raise volun-
teers m a position where it will come up.
Mr. BRANCH. 1 move that the House do
now adjourn. This bill will comc up again to-
morrow. The House is now very thin to vote
upon a measure of this importance; and I hope
the House will not hesitate to adjourn.
Mr. STANTON. I hope the House will hes-
itate to adjourn; for, if it adjourns now, the mi-
litia bill will lose its position as the special otder.
Mr. BRANCH. I call for the yeas and nays
on my motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. STANTON. I wish, with the consent of
the House, to say a word to gentlemen upon the
other side of the House. This bill to raise vol-
unteers was postponed last Thursday until to-day,
with the distinct understanding on the part of
gentlemen who are opposed to it that there would
be no dilatory motions interposed when it came
up. Now, if this filibustering is for the pur-
pose of defeating that lull, I trust gentlemen will
remember that it was postponed with the under-
standing that there shonhl he nothing of the kind.
Mr. SICKLES. I call the attention of the gen-
tleman from Ohio to the fact that he suirendeied
his day to the tariff.
Mr.'STANTON. No, sir.
Mr. SICKLES. He has no right to complain
now of any action upon this side of the House.
If his bill is lost, he is responsible for it himself,
for yielding to the piotcelionists.
Air. STANTON. I supposed that my bill
would, of ruiir'i', come up at one o'clock-
Mr. SICKLES. If the gentleman from Ohio
wants to bring up the force bill to-morrow, we
will be leady to meet it; but as he gave seven
hours to-day to (he protection interest, he ought
not to ask us to let him take it up to-day.
The SPEAKER. The Chair desires to say
that the gentleman from Ohio did not yield to let
the taniT bill be taken up. The Chair decided
that it had precedence over the gentleman's bill.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 50, y< as 90; as follows:
YEAS—Mo-^is. Gieen A:i;nii-. William C. Andet-.on,
Bair, Biuret, Boeoek, Boteloi, Biub^on, Branch, Brurirs,
Bustow, Hutch, IHnuett, Horace !\Clark, Bui ton Craige,
John G. Davi^, De Jai uette, Edmund-.on, I'thenclge, Fioi -
ence, Fouke, Gilmer. J. Mon win 11 an i--, John T. 11 an i-\
Nation, ilolman, William Howaid, Kunkel, Laruibee,
Lo an. Maclay, Charles 1). Maifm, Elbert S. Martin, May-
nuid. McCleinamL M'lNon, Laban T. Moore, Nel-on, Nib-
lack, Phelps, Uuaile-s Rm<r>, James C. Uobmson. William 1
N. II. Smith, Stoke--,Thonus, Vance, Whiteley, Wallow,
Woodson, and Wiiyht—50.
NAYS—Messrs. Charles F. Adams, Adiam, Aldrich.
Alley, Ashley, Babbitt, Bkur, Blake, Biavton, Bufimton,
Buinham, Buttei field, Campbell, C;ue\, t'a-e, Cohav.
Colliding, Conway, Corwm, Curtis, II. Winter Davis,
Dawes, Delano, Duel!, Durin,Edwards, Eliot, Ely, Fenton,
Frank, Fiench, Gooch, Graham, Glow. Gin lev, iiale, Ilall,
lla-km, lit Iintck, William A. Howard, Ilutchnis, Irvine,
Junkin, Fiancis XV. Kellogg, Wiiham Ivelloirg, Ken\on,
Killimrej, DeWitt C. Leach, Lee, Longtiecker, Loomis,
Lovejoy, Marston, MeKean, McKenty, Melviughr, Mc-
i'her-oiK Montgomery, Moorhead, Mornll, Edward Joy
Moms. Morse, Nixon, Ohn. Palmer. Perry, Potter, Pottei,
Prvor, ilinee, Scianton, Sedgwick, Sherman, Spaulding,
Spnniti, Stanton, Steven*, William Stewart, btiatton,
Tbealcei. Tompkins, Tiam, Vcrree. Waldron, Walton.
Ellthu ILWasliburae, Well.-, Wil.-oti, Windom,and Wood-
1 utf— UO.
So the House refused to adjourn.
The question recurred on Air. Branch's amend-
ment to lay 011 the table the ]#st Senate amend-
ment.
Air. QUARLES. 1 move that there be a call
of ill-' House.
The SPEAKER. The last vote showed that
there was a quorum present. The motion is not
in order, as the main question lias been ordered.
Mr. BRANCH called for the yeas and nays on
the motion to lay the amendment on the table.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Air. BOTELER, (at five o'clock and twenty
minutes, p. m.) I move that the House do now
adjourn.
Mr. SICKLES. On that I call for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. MILLSON called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs, Carter and
Barr were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 35, noes 87.
So the House refused to adjourn.
The question recurred on Mr. Branch's mo-
tion to lay the amendment on the table; on which
the yeas and nays were ordered.
Air. MAYNARD. I would like to know the
pailiamenUiry effect of laying the amendment on
the table.
The SPEAKER. It carries the bill with it.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 43, nays 102; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Thomas L.Anderson, Avery, Barr, Bar-
ret, Boeoek, lioteler, Brabson, Branch, Burch, Burnett,
Horace F. Clark, John IJ. Clark, John Cochrane, Burtou
Craige, John G. Davis, JCdmundson,<*arii^tt, John 1'. Har-
ris, Uatton, Ilolman, Kunkel, Larrabee, Logan, Maclay,
Elbert S. Martin, McCIernand, Millson, Niblack, Phelps,
l'i>or,Quarles, Jame-> C. [tobim-on, Itufliii, Sickles,Wil-
liam N. H. Smith. Spinner, James A. Stewait, Thomas,
Vance, Whiteley, Window, Woodson, and Wright—43.
NAYS—Messrs. Charles F. Adams, Gieen Adams, Ad-
ram, Aldrich, Alley, William C. Anders-on, Ashley, Bab-
bitt, Bhui, Blake, Biayton, Bustow. Bnfliuton, Bmltngame,
Buinham, Buttei field, Campbell, Caiey, Carter, Case.Col-
fax, Coukling, Conwnv, Corwin, Dawes-, Delano, Duetl,
Dunn,-Ed<;eiton, FdwanK, Eliot, El\, Fenton, Ferrv, Flor-
ence, Fiank, Fiench,Gilmei, Goueh, Graham, Grow, Gur
le\. Hale. Hall, llelnuek, Hickman, William A. Howard,
llutehin!-, iivme. Junkin, Fianew W. Kelloge, William
kcliogir, Ken yon, Ki II ingei, DeWitt C. Leach, Lon«neckei,
Looini^, Lovejoy, Marston, McKean,McKeniy, AleKnight,
Mei'beirton, Millvvaid, Laban T. Moore, M001 bead, Mor-
1 ill, Edward .foy Morri>, Alorse, Nel>on, Ni\on, Clin,
Palmer. Perry, I'oiter, Potter, Pottle, Edwin It. Reynolds,
Kii'g^, Chii^tophei Unbinson, Boyce, Scianton, Sedgwick,
Sherman, Spaulding, Stanton, Stevens, William Stewart,
Stokes, Stratton, Theaker, Tompkins, Train, Verree,
Wade, Walton, Elbhu IJ. Washburne,Wells,Wilson, Win-
dom, Wood, and Wooduiff:—102.
So the House refused to lay the amendment on
the table.
During the roll-call,
Mr. STANTON stated that Mr. Bingham was
paired with Mr. Stevenson.
Mr. FOUKE stated that lie was paired with
Air. IIaskiv.
Alt'. CtUAItLES stated that Mr. Leacii, of
North Cdiolina, was absent on account of indis-
position; and that he had instructed him to say
lie would have voted 41 ay" on this motion.
Mi. PllYOR stated that Air. Leake was paired
on th;.-. bill with Mr. Thayer.
All. ALDRICH stated that Air. Simms was
paired with Air. Vande\kr.
Mr. BLAKE stated that his colleague, Air.
Martin', was paired with Mr. Fenton.
Air. HINDMAN stated that he was paired.
The result was announced as above recorded.
The. question recurred on the last amendment
of the Senate, and it was concurred in.
Air. SHERMAN moved to reconsider the sev-
eral votes by which the amendments of the Sen-
ate were concuired in; and also moved to lay the
motion to icconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Air. SHERMAN. I move that there be a com-
mittee of conference on the only disagreeing vote
of the House with the Senate.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. PHELPS, (at five o'clock and forty-five
minutes p. m.) I move that the House do now
adjourn.
BILL TO RAISE VOLUNTEERS.
Mr. STANTON. [ hope the House will not
adjourn tiil we take up the bill to raise volunteers.
AIr. PHELPS. 1 call for the yeas and nays
on the motion to adjourn.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
76
