1202
THE- CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 26,
The question was taken, and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 51, nays 90; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Green Adams Adram, William C. An-
derson, Avery, Barr, Barret, Bocock, Boteler, Bmbson,
Branch, Bristow, Burnett, Jolm B. Clark, John Cochrane,
Burton Craige, John G. Davis, Edmundson, Elheridge,
Plorejice.Fouke,Gilmer, John T. Harris, Uatton, Holman,
Kuukel, Larrabee, Logan, Maclay, Elbert S. Martin, May-
nard, McCIemand, McKemy, MiUson, Montgomery, La-
ban T. Moore, Nelson, Niblack, Phelps, Q,uarles, ltiggs,
James C. Robinson, Eutfin, Sickles, William N. H. Smith,
James A. Stewart, Stokes, Thomas, Vance, Webster,
Whiteley, and Woodson—51.
NAYS—Messrs. Chailes F. Adams, Aldrich, Ashley,
Babbitt, Blair, Blake, Biayton. Briggs, Buftiuton, Bmch,
•Burhngnme, Burn ham, Outterfield, Campbell, Carey, Car-
ter, Ca^-e, Coburn, Colfax, Conliling, Conway, C'oiwm,
Dawes, Delano, Daell, Dunn, Edgeiton, ^Edwaids, Eliot,
Ely, denton, Ferry, Frank, Graham,Grow, Gurley, Ilalc,
Hall, Helmick, Hickman, William A. Howard, Hutchins,
hvine, Junkin, William Kellogg, Ker.yon, Killmgor, De-
Witt C. Leach, Lee, Loomis, Lovejov, McKean, Me-
Knight, MePher^on, Mtihvard, Morrill. Edward Joy Morris,
Mtnse, jVixon, Olm, Palmer, Perry, Porter, Potter, Pottle,
Edwin R. Reynolds Christopher Robinson, Royee, Scran-
ton, Sedgwick, Shcitnan, fcpaulding, Spinner, Stanton,
Steven*, William Stewart, Stratton, Thcaker, Tompkins,
Tram, Verree, Wade, Walton, Ell ihu B. Washburnc,Wells,
Wilson, Wmdoin, Wood, and WoodiufT—30.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. LEE stated that he was paired with Mr.
Howard , of Ohio.
Mr. STANTON moved that the reading; of the
names be dispensed with.
Mr. PHELPS- I object.
Mr. STANTON. I understand that gentlemen
on the other side are satisfied to make tins arrange-
ment: that we meet atelevcn o'clock in the morn-
ing; that this bill be taken up and discusscd till
one o'clock; that the gentleman from Missouri
and the gentleman from New York offer their
amendments to it; and that the mam question be
then oideied.
Mr. PHELPS. "What agreement is that?
Mr. BRANCH. There is no such agreement,
on this tside of the House, so far as I am con-
cerned.
Mr. PHELPS. As far as this bill is concerned,
I have no agreement to make, and will make none.
Mr. LOGAN. That is my sentiment, too.
The Clerk proceeded to read the names, and the
vote was announced, as above recorded.
Mr. STANTON. As I understand it, the re-
port of the select committee of thirty-three is the
first special order. I move to postpone it till one
o'clock to-moirow.
Mr. PHELPS. T call for the yeas and nays
on the motion to postpone.
Mr. STANTON. Will the Chair stale whatis
The first business in order?
Mr. MILLSON. 1 rise to a point of order. It
is, that the first business in order is the report of
the committee of thirty-three. It was made the
special order from day to day until disposed of.
Mr. STANTON. Very well.
Mr, MILLSON. And being the earliest special
order, it is now the first business in order.
ThcSPEAKER. The motion of thogentleman
from Ohio is to postpone that special order till one
o'clock to-morrow.
Mr. SICKLES. How did the gentleman from
Ohio get the floor on the special order before it was
announced?
The SPEAKER. The first business in order
before the House is the special order on the report
of the committee of thirty-three, and on that the
gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Dunn] is entitled to
i he floor.
Mr. STANTON. I hope the gentleman from
Indiana will yield to me,
Mr. DUNN. I do.
Mr. SICKLES. Does the gentleman yield the
fioor unconditionally ?
Mr. DUNN. Certainly.
Mr. STANTON. I now move to postpone the
special order on the loportof the committee of
thiity-three till one o'clock to-morrow, and on
that motion I move the previous question.
CAI IfOItNIA WAR DEBT.
Air. SHERMAN. I desire to say Iisat House
b'd No. 293 has come back from the Senate with
a men' formal amendment, which I ask the ] louse
to take up and e^ncm* in.
Mr. GAIINE Vl\ What bill is that?
^ir.SHKRA'lA>T. it is the California war debt
bill. rise Senate have added an amendment pro-
viding that 1I10 payments shall be in bonds instead
of moot v
Mr. GARNETT. I object. I know some-
thing about that bill.
Mr. SICKLES, (at six o'clock.) I move that
the House adjourn.
Mr. PHEJLPS. I call for tellers on the motion.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Briggs and
Sedgwick were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
twenty-nine in the affirmative, afurther count not
being demanded.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. STANTON. I understand that the report
of the committee of thirty-three comes up again.
The SPEAKER. It docs.
Mr. STANTON. I will vary my motion so
as to postpone il until the piincipal order is dis-
posed of.
The motion was agreed to.
the militia.
Mr. STANTON. I understand that the bill in
relation to the volunteers is now before the House.
I move the previous question on the engrossment
of the bill. I understand that to be necessaiy to
pass the bill before the House.
Mr. SICKLES. I hope thegentleman will ex-
plain precisely what course he proposes to take
to-morrow, so that we may know what to depend
on,
Mr. STANTON. I propose that the demand
for the previous question shall now be seconded,
for the purpose of keeping the bill before the
House. I propose that the House shall then ad-
journ, to mectateleven o'clock, to-morrow, when
the consideration of the bill shall be resumed; and
at one o'clock I will dem&nd the pievious ques-
tion on it. after giving permission to offer the two
amendments which have been indicated.
Mr. SICKLES. I hope the gentleman will
say two o'clock.
Mr. STANTON. 1 cannot.
Mr. SICKLES. Then meet in the morning at
ten o'clock.
Mr. STANTON. I have no objection to that.
Mr. GROW. I desire to inquire whether, if
we adjourn now, this bill will come up in the
morning?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it would.
Mr. STANTON. Not until after the morning
hour, an 1 understand.
Air. GROW. It was with that view that I
made the inquiry of the Chair. I want an opin-
ion from the authority which will decide the ques-
tion then.
The SPEAKER. The Cluiirsupposes it would
come up as the first business in older, after read-
ing the Journal.
Mr. STANTON. I move that, when the House
adjourns, it adjourn to meet to-morrow at ten
o'clock, a.m. [Ci ies of" Eleven o'clock! ""Eleven
o 'clock! "j
Mr. STANTON. Very well; I will say eleven
o'clock.
Mr. SICKLES._ Then fix the hour for calling
the previous question at two o'clock.
Mr. STANTON. Very well.
Mr. LOGAN. I object to the motion to meet
at eleven o'clock.
Mr. STANTON. I move to suspend the iules,
to permit me to make this motion.
The rules were suspended, (two thirds having
voted therefor.)
Mr. STANTON. \ will now move that the
House meet on to-morrow, and until otherwise
ordered, at eleven o'clock, a. m.
Mr. LOGAN. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
The motien was disagreed to.
Mr. Stanton's motion was agreed to.
And then, on motion of Mr. "Sicklls, (at six
o'clock and ten minutes.) the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, February 26, 3861.
Prayer by the Chaplain, llev. Dr. Gurley.
The Secretary proceeded to read the Journal of
yesterday. *
Mr. FITCH. I presume there will be no ob-
jection to dispensing with the further reading of
the Journal.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is a very long
Journal, and its lvndinsc will be dispensed with, if
there be no objection. The Chair h^ar* nope
executive communication.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a report of the Secretary of the Navy, com-
municating, in compliance with a resolution of
the Senate, a detailed estimate of the expense of
building and equipping an iron-cased gun-boat;
which, on motion of Mr. Grimes, was referred
' to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
smjtiisoxian report.
He also laid before the Senate u letter of the
Secretary of the Smithsonian Institution, com-
municating the annual report of the operations,
expenditures, and condition of the Institution for
the year i860.
Mr. FITCH. I move that the report be printed;
and I offer the following resolution, which is the
ordinary resolution in relation to it:
Resolved, That five thousand additional copies of the
report of the Board of lie gents of the Smithsonian Institu-
tion for the yeai ending the 30th of June, 1860, be printed ;
two thousand for the use ot the Smithsonian Institution,
and tlin-e thousand for the use of the Senate • ProuJed,
That the agcicgate number of pages contained m said repot i
shall not exceed four hundred and tifty pag<?&,without wood-
ruts or plate? except those furnished by the Institution.
The motion to print the report was agreed to;
and the resolution was adopted.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. WILSON presented the petition of R.
Middlelon and others, citizens of Washington,
District of Columbia, praying for the immediate
passage of the metropolitan policc bill now before
Congress; which was oidcrcd to lie on the table.
He also presented the petition of James Lewis
and others, citizens of Washington, District of
Columbia, praying for the immediate passage of
the metropolitan police bill now before Congress;
which was ordered to lie on the table.
He also presented the petition of Josiah Adams
and others, citizens of Washington, District of
Columbia, praying for the immediate passage of '
the metropolitan police bill now before Congress;
which was ordered to lie un the table.
Air. THOMSON presented a petition of citi-
zens and inhabitants of Springfield township, Bur-
lington county, New Jersey, praying for the adop-
tion of the Crittenden anil Rigler resolutions;
which was ordered to he oil the table.
Mr. DIXON presented a memorial of citizens of
Seymour, Connecticut,praying the speedy adop-
tion of such measures as will embrace substan-
tially the proposition of the Representatives of the
border States; which was ordered to he on the
table.
bill intllodcced.
Mr. BRIGHT asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a joint resolu-
tion (S. No. 66) for the relief of Thomas G. Clem-
son; which was read twicu by its title, and le-
ferred to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
reports from committees.
Mr. THOMSON, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was recommitted the bill (H. R.
No. 654J granting a pension to Thomas Bootle,
reported it without amendment, and adversely.
Hu also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 516) for the relief of
Mary Heisinger do Waldegg, reported it without
amendment, and advoisely.
lie also, from the same committee, to whom
! was referred the petition of Mrs. Ann Eliza Piatt,
| widow of the late Charles T. Piatt, commander
j in theUnited States Navy, praying for a pension,
i submitted a report, accompanied bv a bill (S. No.
| 570) for the relief of Ann Eliza Piatt, widow of
j the late Commander Charles T. Piatt, United
States Navy. The bill was lead, and passed to a
i second reading; and the report was oiderod to bo
; printed.
j Mr. NICHOLSON, from the Commute*1 on
■ Naval Affairs, to whom was referred the petition
of Charles W. Welsh, asked to be discharged
! from its Author consideration, and that it be*r< -
: ferred to the Court of Claims; which was agreed
Mi. BRIGHT, irom the Committee on Publ-o
, Buildings and Grounds, to whom the subject wcis
referred, reported a bill (S. No. oil) granting ad-
, ditional power* to tin* cnipoiatioii of the city of
1 Wasnington, in relation to the distribution of Po-
tomac water; which was read twice by its tute.
and ordered to be printed.
