1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1203
KATHARINE K. RUSSELL.
iVJr. MORRILL. The Committee on Pensions,
to whom was referred the bill (II. R. No. 537)
for tho relief of Katharine Iv. Russell, have in-
structed rue to ropoit it with an amendment; and
1 ask the present consideration of the bill.
No objection was made; and the bill was con-
sidi red as in Committee of the Whole. It pro-
poses to place the name of Katherine Kirby Rus-
sell upon the pension list, at the rate of twenty-five
dollars per month, to commence from the 19th of
September, 1849, and to continue during her nat-
ural life.
The amendment of the Committee on Pensions
was to strike out39th of September, 1840," and
insert " the 1st day of January, 1855."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate; and the
amendment made as m Committee of the Whole
was concurred in.
Mr. FES^ENJDEN. I surest that another
amendment ought to be made. 1 would not move
it m this case it an amendment had not been made
already. We never grant these pensions duung
life; they are dm mg widowhood; and that amend-
ment ought to be made. I move lo strike out
" mutual life," and insert " widowhood."
Tlie amendment was agreed to.
The amendments were ordeied to be engrossed,
and the bill to be read a third time. It was read
the third time, and passed.
WILLIAM L. HUDSON".
Mr. HALE. I ask the consent of the Senate
to introduce a joint resolution of which no pre-
vious notice has been given.
Leave was gtanted : and (ho joint resolution (S
No. G5) authoi izmg Captain Williatn L. Hudson,
of the United States Navy, to aca-pt a diamond
brooch foi Ins wife, presented to her by the Em-
peror of Russia, was read twice, and considered
as in Committee of the Whole, it proposes to
authoi ize Captain William L. Hudson, of the
United States Navy, to accept for Ins wife a dia-
mond brooch, presented to her by the Emperot
of Russia, as a mark of the appreciation by that
Government of the courtesy extended to the oifi-
ceis of the Russian seivice on board the United
States ship Niagara, during the laying of the
Atlantic cable.
Mr. HALE. I simply want to say that the res-
olution has the unanimous recommendation of j
the Committee on Naval Affaiis. The biooeh is |
now in the eity,'and we want to autliouze it to be '
received. [uNo objection."]
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate, 1
ordered to be engrossed for a third reading, lead i
the third time, and passed.
gkouoi] nsniiR.
Mr, CLARK. I ask the Senate to take up the
joint resolution repealing the lesolution of June
1, 1863,111 favor of the repi esentati ves ofGeuigc
Fisher. I think it will lead to no debate. It is a
resolution that ought to be passed, because it le-
peals a resolution that will draw a good deal of
money out of the Treasury unless it is lepealed.
Mr. CLINGMAN. 1 have no objection to this
coming up; but, from what I learn, 1 think it ought
to be amended. j
The motion was agreed to; and the joint reso- j
lution (II. R. No. 51) repealing a resolution re- :
Iatmg to the claim of George Fishei ,late ofFlorida, j
deceased, appi o\ed June 1, 18G0, was considered '
as in Committee of the Whole. It proposes to ,
rescind the " Resolution ielating to tho Haim of
George Fisher, late of Floiida, deceased," ap- j
proved June 1, ]8(>0, and to declare it and all pro- !
cccdings under it null and void. :
Mr. KING. What is the resolution that it is i
proposed t(frepeal? !
Mr. CLARK. I will state to the Senator what [
is proposed to be done by this resolution. Theic |
was originally aclaun made by one Geoige Fisher, ;
or his lepiescntatives, for some damage done to '
propei ty of his by Indians and by the troops. His '
oiigmal claim was about sixteen thousand doilais. |
Of That, there was allowed £,8,000 in the fust m- I
stance. Afterwaids, by further proceedings, and j
brm^inji it before Congress again, i think the sum i
of siti,000 was allowed. Again bringing it before j
Congress, they got $32,000. Again bunging u be- j
fore Congress, they got §66,000, out of a claim on j
which there was originally allowed $8,000, ami the I
whole amount of which, at first, was only $16,000.
They had §66,000, and that was paid by the Gov-
ernment. At the last session of Congress, a further
resolution was brought in, and the pretense was
made, i think very honestly, before the Senate, that
there were some depositions which were not prop-
erly certified, that had not been examined by the
accounting officer, and that on that account, an
item of some eighteen hundred or two thousand
dollais was rejected. A motion was made to limit
it to the sum ot $^,000. The Senator from Rhode
Island, [Mt. Simmons,] who brought in the res-
olution, [ think, stated that it would take more
than two thousand dollars; three thousand eight
hundred or four thousand dollars—I have the de-
bate before me—but not more than $4,000. That
resolution refesred the matter to the Secretary of
War; and the Secretary of War, under that reso-
lution, examined the whole claim again, and al-
lowed the astounding sum of $66,000 more, after
wc had paid ^G6,000, and they only pretended,
at the outside, to claim three thousand eight hun-
dred orfour thousand dollars more than had before
been received.
Now, the proposition is to repeal that jointves-
olution entiiely. If they have any lights under
it, they can be settled by the courts. It is similar
to the case we repealed the other day, in favor of
De Groot, only very much worse; and unless we
do repeal the resolution, there is danger of a man-
damus fioni some of the courts to compel pay-
ment.
Mr. SIMMONS. If this matter is to be gone
into, I propose to oiler an amendment. The his-
tory of this claim has been very briefly, and quite
as loosely, stated by theSenator from New Hamp-
shire. The joint lesolution of last year was be-
fore the Committee on Claims, and, as it passed
the Senate, it limited the Seetctary of War to the
payment of such items as he disallowed after they
had been allowed by the Auditor. A former reso-
lution authouzed him to make an auaid aceotd-
ing to those depositions that weu: at fust luled
out for informality. That lesolution was passed
here; and 1 believe that 1 stated that the amount
was fiom three thousand eight bundled to four
thousand thiee hundred dollars; that in making
up the account at the War Department, they had
disallowed tins ainoun t as a set-off against some-
thing that had been allowed and paid some years
before. It was so drawn by the Committee on
Claims, that he u as not to distui b those items that
had been allowed. That passed the Senate, I be-
lie \e, vei y neaily unanimously. It vv ent down to
the Hons.- of Repii.'senfauves, and they amended
it so as to allow the Depaitment to open and re-
state the whole account. I saw the member of the
House of Repiesantatives who had charge of the
lesolution, and f-told him that this was simply a
lesolution to lenistate items which the Auditor,
five or six years befoie, had allowed, and the Sec-
re tai y a fie i waids sti nek out. The House thought
it was more piopei to open ihe whole business.
I told him 1 thought iheie wa:; great danger m
doing so; but the resolution came back here with
that amendment and was ief< ued to the Commit-
tee on Cunms, and the chairman of that committee
proposed to concur in the amendment, and we
made a written repoit, stating that wc supposed
the 1 louse of Reptesenlatives intended just what
we intended, and that was, that he should not open
the account any Author than to make an allow-
ance of tie so thiee or four thousand do Ha rs. That
was the written lepoit made heie, and we con-
cwirod in the House amendment, with this ex-
planation of the meaning of the joint resolution as
amended by the House of Representatives. It
went to the Department, and they rcopcin d the
whole account and allowed a fabulous sum. I
nev er could see any reason for allowing moi e than
those items that the Seosetaiy struck out of the
account after their allowance by the Auditor, and
we never intended he should examine anything
more; bat the award has been made by our own
"flicers, and I think it is a very extraordinary one.
I think it would be pi oner to amend the resolu-
tion, so that if th-Attorney General thinks there
is anything dm1, it may be allowed. If there is
nothing due, if there is any fraud, it ought lo be
a'il \iliated and turned out of doors. I piopose an
amendment as a substitute for the joint n solution.
I think tho whole difficulty arises from the fact
that the House of Representatives undeitook to
be very smart, and they have caught a Tartar by
it. I move to strike out all after the resolving
clause, and insert:
That the award made by the Secretary of War in the
ease of George Fisher's reprosentati vo«, under the joint res-
olution of June !, I860, be referred to the Attorney Gen-
eral of the United States to inquire whether any fraud has
been committed by any ot the putties to said award, or any
mistake made theiein sufficient to vitiate the same in Jaw
or equity ; and if, in his judgment, any such fraud or mis-
take shall be found to ex^t, lie shall annulthcbaid award,
or correct tin: same, as to him may seem jus>t and proper.
Mr. CLARK. I hope the amendment will no^
be made. J know that the parties in favor of this
award have been very industrious in circulating
that amendment. They sent mo one of the same
kind. It proposes to refer the question of fraud
to the Attorney General. #
Mr. SIMMONS. Or mistake.
Mr. CLARK. Now, let me say to the Senator
from Rhode Island, that may not touch the case
at all. There may have been no fraud in the par-
ties; there may have been no fraud in the account-
ing officer; there may have been no mistake on 1)is
part; he may have adopted a principle of adjust-
ment and settlement which we entirely repudiate,
without making a mistake about it, or without
being accused of fraud. For instance, ho did this:
he allowed them all they claimed, with interest
upon it, up to this time, and he allowed the naked
payments,without casting up any interest on them,
m behalf of rhe Government. Now, that might
not be a fraud, but it involved a large sum oi
money to tho Treasury. It might be no mistake,
because he did so intentionally; but it is a very
queer way of settlement that allowed interest on
a claim of that large amount, although we had
paid $66,0U0, and then allowed no interest on the
payments we had made before, so that $6G,000
more were now "allowed.
This amendment proposes to refer it to the
Attorney General, why not to the court? If the
parties have no right under that award, the court
is the proper place to refer them to. They claim
thatthey have rights underit; it may be that, they
have; but the committee thoughtthatthoserights
should be determined by the court, that wc should
repeal the resolution of hist year, and leave them
to stand on the award as it was. I hope the amend-
ment will not be made.
Mr. GREEN. I will remind the Senator of the
fact, that a mistake in law is as much a mistake,
as a mistake in fact; and any mistake, either in
fact or law, or any fraud, is open to be corrected
by tho reexamination of the Attorney General.
I would just as soon trust the Attorney General,
(for 1 do not know who will be the Attorney
General, but I have no doubt ho will be a legal
gentleman) as the court, and I should be as will-
ing to ti ust the court as the Attorney General;
the difference is this: if it goes before a court, it
has to come to Congress again; we want to make
an end of this account.
Mr. CLARK. I do not understand why it
should come before Congress again. I do not pro-
pose to send it to the Court of Claims. A court
may finally determine on it without its coming
here.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I should like to inquire
to what species of property was this injurydone,
and where ?
Mr. CLARK. It was done in Florida. I can-
not tell precisely the injury that was done.
Mr. CL1NGMAN. I will suggest a further
amendment to meet the objection. I do not think
tho objection of the Senator from New Hamp-
shire is well taken. I know nothing of the mer-
its of the case, but this amendment struck mc as
rightin itself. If, however, his objection be well
taken, it can be obviated, I think, by inserting the
words, "either in law or fact5' after the word
"mistake." I think it is already included, because
it says, "or any mistake made therein sufficient
to vitiate the same in law or equity." I take it, a
mistake in law would effect thatobject; but if the
Senate prefers it, I would suggest that after the
words "or any mistake," we add " either in law
or fact," if that will make it clearer. It seems to
me there is no impropiiety in allowing the Attor-
ney General to examine the case on its merits de
novo.
Mi*- CLARK. I will read from the debate at
the last session, if the Senate will permit me, in
answer to the inquiry put by the Senator from
Kentucky. Mr. Brown*, of Mississippi, said:
"This ca>e is an old acquaintance of mine. Thc only
