1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
243
who sits near me, will read for me, the instruc-
tions of General jackson as to the mode of col-
lecting the revenue when South Carolina was
preparing by ordinance of nullification to refuse
to pay it.
Mr. DOOLITTLE read, as follows, from Pres-
ident Jackson's instiuctions to the collcctor at
Charleston, of the 6th of November, 1832:
" Upon tlto supposition thai the measuiesof the conven-
tion, or the acts of the Legislature, may consist, in pari
at least, in declaring the Uvvs of the United States impos-
ing dunes unconstitutional, and null and void, and in for-
bidding their execution and the collection of the duties
within the .State of youth Carolina, you will, immediately
after it shall be formally announced, resort to ail the means
provided by the laws, and paiticularly by the act of the 2d
of March, 1799, to counteract the nieasuies which may be
adopted to give effect to that declaration.
" For rhi-< purpose you will consider yourself authorized
to employ the levenue cutters which may be within your
district, and provide as many boats, and employ as many
inspector-* as may be necessary for the execution ot the
law, and for the pinposes of the act already referred to.
You will, moreover, cause a sufficient number of officers
of cutters and inspectors to be placed on board, and in
charge of every vessel at riving fiom a foieign poit ot place
with goods, wares, or merchandise, as soon as piacticable
after her first coining within your district, and direct them
to anchor her m some safe place within the harbor, where
she may be secure (nun any act of violence, and from any
unauthonzed attempt to discharge her caigo before a com-
pliance with the laws; and they will remain on board of
her at such place until the reports and entiies required
by law shall be made, both of vessel and cargo, and the
duties paid or ooeured to be paid to your satisfaction, and
until the regular penntt shall be granted for landing the
cargo; and it will be your duty, against any forcible at-
tempt, to retain and defend the custody of said vessel by
the aid of the oflieets of the customs, inspectors and offi-
cers of the cutters, until the requisitions of the law shall
be fully complied with ; and in case of anv attempt to re-
move her or her cargo from the custody of the officers of
the customs, by the form of legal process from State tribu-
nals, you will not yield the custody to such attempt; but
will consult the law officer of the district, and employ such
means as, under the peculiar ciieumstances, you may le-
gally do, to resist such process, and prevent the removal of
the vessel and cargo.
" Should the entiy of such vessel and cargo not be com-
pleted, and the duties paid, oi secured to be paid by bond,
or bonds with sccmiues to your satisfaction, within the
time limited by law, you will, at the expiration of that
time, takx1 possession ot tho cargo, and land and store the
same at Ca.-tle Pinckney, or some other safe place ; and m
due time, if the duties are not paid, sell the same, accord-
ing to the direction of the fifty-sixth section of the act of
the 2d of March, 1799; and you are authorized to provide
such stores as may be necessary for that purpose."
Mr. BAKER. Mr. President, there is my an-
swer to the whole argument of inconvenience and
impossibility on the part of the distinguished
Senator from Louisiana. There js the manner,
allowing all the ingenuity he can claim for his
plan of defeat; there is the way in which the Old
Hero cut the knot which some people cannot un-
tie. And that is neither an acknowledgment of
the independence of South Carolina, nor is it war.
If, from that, collision come, let him bear the
danger who provokes it.
Why, sir, there is nothing practical in this
attempted idea that we cannot punish an individ-
ual, or that wc cannot compel him to obey the
law, because a sovereign State will undertake to
succor him. There is no more sense in that, than
there was m the excuse made by a celebrated
commander-in-chief for profane swoaiing. The
Duke of York, as you may remember, sir, was,
during the reign of George III, his father, not
only commander-in-chief of the British forces,
but he was titular Bishop of Osnaburgh: that is,
he had a little principality in Germany, which
was originally related to the Church, and he was
nominal bishop of that principality. At a tav-
ern one day, while the commander-in-chief was
swearing profanely, a gentleman of the Church
of England felt it his duty to reprove him, and
said to him, " Sir, I am astonished that a bishop
should sjvear in the manner that you do." " Sir,"
said he, UI want you to distinctly understand
that I do not swear as the Bishop of Osnaburgh;
I swear as the Duke of York, tho commander-in-
chief." " Ah, sir, said the old man, " when the
Lord shall send the duke to hell, what will be-
come of the bishop?" [Laughter.] ISow, if, m
consequence of an attempt to violate the revenue
laws, som'1 persons should be hurt, I do notknow
that it will better their condition at all that South 1
Carolina will stand as a stake to their back. I j
think that is the plain common-sense answer to ;
all that has been said on that subject. :
Sir, as i leave that branch of it, indeed as I leave j
the subject altogether, I will simply say that i !
hope it 'will never come. Whatever moderation, j
whatever that great healer, time, whatever the i
mediation of those allied to these people in blood,
in sympathy, in interest, may effect, let that be
done; but at lust let the laws be maintained and the
Union preserved. At whatever cost, by whatever
constitutional process, through whatever of dark-
ness or danger there may be, let us proceed in the
broad luminous path of duty "till danger's trou-
bled night be passed and the star of peace returns."
As I take my leave of a subject upon which 1
have detained you too long, 1 think in my own
mind whether I shall add anything in my feebfb
way to the hopes, the pi ayers, the aspirations that
aregoing forth daily for the perpetuity of the Union
of these States. 1 ask myself, shall I add any-
thing to that volume of invocation which is every-
where rising up to high Heaven, <v spare us from
the madness of disunion and civil war!" Sir,
standing in this Chamber and speaking upon this
subject, I cannot forget that T am standing in a
place once occupied by one far, far mightier than
I, the latchet of whose shoes I am not worthy to
unloose. It was upon this subject of secession,
of disunion, of discord, of civil war, that Web-
ster uttered those immortal sentiments clothed in
immortal words, married to the noblest expres-
sions that ever fell from human'lips, which alone
would have made him memorable and remembered
forever. Sir, I cannot improve upon those ex-
pressions. They were uttered neaily thirty years
ago, in the face of what was imagined to be a great
danger, then happily dissipated. They were ut-
tered in the fullness of his genius, from the full-
ness of his heart. They have found echo since
then in millions of homes and in foreign lands.
They have been a text-book m schools. They
have been an inspiration to public hope and to
public liberty. As i close, 1 repeat them; 1 adopt
them. If in their presence I were to attempt to
give utterance to any words of my own, I should
feci that I ought to say,
"And shall the Ivre to Ions; dnine,
Degoneiate into hands like mine?"
Sir, I adopt the closing passages of that im-
mortal speech; they are my sentiments; they arc
the sentiments of every man upon this side of
the Chamber; I would fain believe they are the
sentimentsof every man upon this floor; I would
fain believe that they arc an inspiration, and will
bccomeapowertiiroughoutthe length and breadth
of this broad Confederacy; that again the aspira-
tions and hopes and prayers for the Union may
rise like a perpetual hymn of hope and praise.
But, sir, however this may be, these thoughts aie
mine; these prayers arc mine; and as, reverently
and fondly, I utter them, I leave the discussion:
" When my eyes shall he turned to behold for
the last time the sun in heaven, may I notsce him
shining on the broken and dishonored fragments
of a once glorious Union; on States dissevered,
discordant, belligerent; on a land rent with civil
feuds, or drenched, it may be, in fraternal blood!
Let their last feeble and lingering glance rather
behold the gorgeous ensign of the Republic, now
known and honored throughout the earth, stiil
full high advanced, its arms and trophies stream-
ing in their original luster, not a stripe erased or
polluted, nor a single star obscured, bearing for its
motto no such miserable interrogatory as 4 What
is all this worth?' nor those other words of delu-
sion and folly, ' Liberty first, and Union after-
wards;' but everywhere, spread all over in char-
acters of living light, blazing on nil its ample
folds, as they float over tin. sea and over the laud,
and in every wind under the whole Heavens, that
other sentiment, dear to every true American
heart, * Liberty and Union, now and forever, one
and inseparable!' "
COMMITTEE OF THIRTEEN,
Mr. DOUGLAS. Mr. President, I .suppose,
by common consent, the Senate will now take up
the lepnri of the committee of thirteen.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Mason- in
the chair.) The subject before the Senate can be
laid aside by general consent, and the Chair will
so understand it, if there be no objection. The
report indicated by theSenator will be considered
as b*lore the Senate, the pending question being
on the motion to print a thousand extra copies
of it.
Mr. DOUGLAS addressed the Senate for two
hours and a half. [His speech will be published
in the Appendix.]
Mr. TOOMBS. If it be the pleasure of the
Senate, I move to postpone the further consider-,
ation of this question until Monday next, at one
o'clock, when I desire to offer some observations
on the various propositions which have been sub-
nutted, and probably on the general state of the
country.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. I desire to say a few words
in reply to some remarks that have been made,
especially by the Senator from Louisiana. The
Senator from Ggforgia has the floor for Monday,
and I should like to follow him; and for that
purpose I move to assign the resolutions of the
Senator from.Tennessee, which we had under
consideration this morning, for Tuesday next at
one o'clock.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Polk in
the chair.) I understand that these resolutions
have already been postponed to Monday at one
o'clock.
Mr. TOOMBS. Yes, sir; my motion was to
fix Monday for all these propositions.
Mr. WILSON. If that is so, it is all right; I
did not so understand it.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. When I presented the
resolution which I offered to the Senate this morn-
ing, I omitted to ask that it be printed. I now
make that motion.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. GWIN. I move that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. YULEE. Before the question is put, I
desire to move that, instead of adjourning until
Saturday, as was proposed this morning, we
adjourn until Monday.
Mr. GWIN. Saturday is assigned for the
Pacific railroad bill.
Mr. YULEE. It is impossible that you can
dispose of that bill on Saturday.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion to adjourn.
Mr. GRIMES. I move to amend it, by say-
ing that the adjournment shall be to Monday at
twelve o'clock.
Mr. GWIN. That is not in order. I move that
the Senate do now adjourn.
Mr. GRIMES. I propose to amend that mo-
tion, if it is in order to do so, so that the adjourn-
ment shall be to Monday.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion to'adjourn.
Mr. GWIN. I call for the yeas and nays.
Mr. WILSON. Let us have adivision simply
on the question of adjourning over. I am in
favor of sitting; on Saturday, and taking up the
Pacific railroad bill on that day.
Mr. GWIN. That is what I want. We have
already passed an order that when we adjourn,
it bo to Saturday. Now, I want to adjourn, so
that we shall meet on Saturday.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 24, nays 4; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bigler, Bragg, Brown,Clingman, Davis,
Doohulc, Douglas, Fnzpatrick, Foot, Foster, Gwin, Hemp-
hill, Iver<on, Johnson of Tpnnessoe, Kennedy, Lane, La-
tham, Polk, Rice, Saubbuiy, Simmons, Wigfall, Wilson,
and Yulee—24.
NAYS—Messrs. Grimee., Sumner, Toombs, and Wilk-
inson—4.
So the motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, January 3, 1861.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas H. Stockton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
" FAST-DAY SERVICES.
The SPEAKER hud before the House the fol-
lowing communication from the Chaplains of
Congress:
Thursday Morning, January 3,1S6I.
Will Mr. Speaker Pennington be kind enough to notify
the House thai the union religious meeting provided forby
lesolutio)) on Monday, in accordance with tho President's
proclamation, and under the direction of the Chaplains,
will commence, by Divine permission, to-morrow, at two
o'clock, p. m., m the Hall of the House; and that the mem-
bers and oflicess of the House are respectfully invited to be
in attendance: Ov so doing, he will oblige his friends, the
Chaplains.
I am, with all icspect, (for Dr. Gurlity as well as myself,)
yours in Chri-t, T. H. STOCKTON.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. McKNIGIiT. 1 should like it to appear
on the Journal, and also in the proceedings of the
