1204
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 26,
point in the case, 1 think, is this—I had occasion once,
as a member of the Indian Committee, to investigate it
vory clo&ely • (lie heirs or representatives of George Fisher
brought a claim before Congress arising out of Indian c-po-
iiiutons in Florida, which Congress allowed. When the
Keeoim ^Auditor of tiie Treasury undertook to settle the
account* he found some items amounting perhaps to fifteen
or eighteen hundred dollars, well proved, but the testimony
was not certified to under the seal of any court, or of the
Governor of Alabama; and, therefore, and therefore alone,
the items were rejected. The representatives of the claim-
ant then went lo Alabama and got this testimony certified
tffcroperly; th$t is, they got the Governor of Alabama to cer-
tify that the justice before whom it was token, was in fact
a justice of the peace, thus covering the hiatus in the case,
tmjd returned with it to Washington, but ti*e accounting
officers said,4 We have closed the case; it is res adjudicata,'
I think, in the mcnn time, there had been probably a change
„of Administration. At all events, they refused to open the
case. The claimant comes, and now simply asks that,
having perfected the testimony in this way, these items may
be examined and a judgment rendered in the case nu#cpro
tunc, that the accounting officers shall treat the testimony
now as they would have treated it in the beginning, if it had
been well authenticated. That is the whole ca&e. They
arc not required to take the testimony as true, not required
to allow any money; but just to take up this testimony,
now well authenticated by the certificate under the seal of
Alabama, and treat it as they would have done originally
if it had been thus certified. That is the whole case."
He asked that this item of eighteen hundred or
two thousand dollars might be corrected; and that
.is all they did ask, and under that there was an
allowance of$66,0Q0. I think the resolution should
be repealed; and I do not understand that the
amendment proposed by the Senator from North
Carolina meets the case.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. When was the allow-
ance made?
Mr. CLARIC. Last session.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Then I ask the Senator
to frame an amendment that will meet it. What
1 want is, that the Attorney General may decide
the case on its merits, without driving the claim-
ant, by the repeal, to come back here if he has a
good claim. 1 will say further, that 1 have no
Knowledge in the world of the merits of the claim;
but I presume it would not have passed Con-
gress, after discussion, unless there were plausible
grounds for it, at least. It seems to me there can
certainly bo no objection to allowing the Attorney
General, the legal officer of the Government, to
examine the case on the meiits. I hope that the
Senator will allow the amendmentlpropose to be
made, if he thinks it necessary. If he be right,
and the claim is an unfounded "one, or has already
been paid, of cotirsc the Attorney General will
decide against it.
Mr. CLARK. The House of Representatives
have already had this subject under considera-
tion. They have examined it fully, and come to
the conclusion that the resolution of last year
ought to bo repealed. They have sent the reso-
lution here repealing it unconditionally. Now,at
this late day of the session, it seems to me there
should be no amendment mads which will send
it back to the House of Representatives. It may
be lost, and the parties may claim this whole
amount, and perhaps gut a process from the court
directing it to be paid to them, and then the whole
case will be concluded.
The Senator from North Carolina says to me,
that 1 may draft an amendment if I do not like
this. I do not want any amendment. 1 think
the proper way is to let it go to the court. I
would as lief have the opinion of the court; and
I had a little rather have the opinion of the court
than of the Attorney General. If the court say
they have rights under it, let the court settle what
their rights are; and so let the whole thing end.
I had much rather do that than send it to the ac-
counting officers; of which we have had a good
deal of experience.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Bigler in
the chair.) The hour of half past eleven o'clock
having arrived, it is the duty of tlfe Chair to call
up the special order, being Senate bill No. 11, to
provide for the paymentof the expenses incurred
by the Territories of Oregon a.id Washington in
ihe suppression of Indian hostilities therein, in
Xhe years 1855 and 1856.
iVJr. CJjARK. I hope it will be laid aside, to
Jet us vote on that-which is now before us. 1 do
jiot think it will take long.
ivir. iC. VV hat is the spec
The PRESIDINGOFFICER.
11.
Senate bill No.
Mr.. GREEN. Let it be passed over informally.
Mr CLARK. That is all I desire. *The de-
bate is nearly through.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
hears no objection. The question is on the amend-
ment of the Senator from Rhode Island.
Mr. CLIINGMAN. I wish to make it abun-
dantly clear, if it meets the approbation of the
Senator from Rhode Island, to insert the words
" any mistake, either in fact or law."
Mr. SIMMONS. Certainly ;.I accept the amend-
ment. I do not care a fig about it.
Mr. CLINGMAN. If the amendment be put
in that shape it will meet the merits of the case, I
think..
ThePRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment as modified.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hope theresolution will
not be amended in any shape. The matter is one
of a great deal of notoriety. I believe Mr. Floyd
on hisfirstexamination allowed §18,000. It was
sent to him again, and he allowed ^66,000; and
it is perfectly understood—it was stated, 1 believe,
without contradiction—that the heirs of Mr. Fisher
did not know anything about this. It was said
to me this morning by a-gentleman in whom I
have great confidence, that afrier.d of his who had
known fchisMr. Fisher and lived with him in Vir-
ginia, said he was never worth $50,000 m the
world; and yet there has already been paid $66,000;
and by the joint resolution of last year, $66,000
more has been allowed.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I ask the honorable Sen-
ator, if that be true, will not the new Attorney Gen-
eral, who will examine this matter, be able to get
at those facts 5
Mr FESSENDEN. We have lost enough by
trusting to officers.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. One word in relation to
this claim—and 1 will take but two minutes to
state what I have say in regard to it. It is the
very first private claim on which 1 had any ex-
peiience in the Senate of the United States. In
1813, there were some property destroyed, con-
sisting of gram, standing corn, hogs, cattle, &c.,
down in Alabama. In 1836 a claim was presented
to Congress. It did not pass until 1848. In 1848
an actor resolution passed allowing damages, not
to include the damages that were done by the In-
dians, but the damages which wore done by the
troops of the United States, which was refened
to the Department, and the Auditor of th^ Treas-
ury allowed $8,000. He estimated the whole
amount of damages to be about seventeen thou-
sand dollars, done by th^ troops and tin- Indians;
but he estimated that one half the damage was
done by the United States troops, and the other
half by the Indians. He allowed $8,000. Then,
after the $8,000 was allowed and paid, an appli-
cation was made at the Treasury to allow the in-
terest; and, under some constiuction of the At-
torney General, interest was allowed back to 1836,
when the claim was first presented, which added
about eight thousand dollars to the original amount
allowed. Then, on some new opinion of an At-
torney General, it was opened again, and they
were allowed to take interest back from 1813, so
that they got the amount of the claim and the
interest. That was all paid.
Then, in 1854 I think it was, a resolution was
passed to have this account reopened, to have cer-
tain affidavits that had not been before examined
allowed. When it came before Mr. Guthrie and
his Department, he refused to have the Second
Auditor of the Trcasuiy touch the claim again;
bccause it had bc^n already paid and disposed of.
There it stood, hanging between Congress and
the Treasury Department, under Mr. Guthrie.
He refused to look into it again.
I came into Congress in 1857, and then the
question arose again. There being a struggle
between the Treasury Depaitment and Congress
—Congress having passed a law directing it to be
reexamined, and the Treasury Department re-
fusing to do it—Congress, in 1858, passed a reso-
lution, transfer!ing the case from the Treasury
Department to the War Department of the Gov-
ernment. Then, under Mr. Floyd, the resolution
which was passed in 1854, was acted upon, and
he went into an examination of it, and estimated
that the whole amount of the damages was done
by the troops of the United States, and he allowed
the whole amount of the claim, to the amount of
§17,000, with the interest up to 1858. Tiie whole
amount was paid, making up about sixty-six
thousand dollars, allowing no interest on the pay- j
ments winch had been made by the United States; i
and, by some strange magnetism or other, Con-
gress, at the last session, in June, 1860, passed
another joint resolution, by which this same thing
was referred over again to Mr. Floyd, to be re-
examined over again from the beginning. Mr.
Floyd has taken it up under that joint resolution,
reexamined it, and allowed $6fi,000 more; and it
is that joint resolution that the House of Repre-
sentatives have resolved to repeal, and we ask the
Senate to join and repeal it. I do not know but
that from the folly of Congress this award may
have become fixed, and the Government made
liable to pay this amount; but if we are, let the
courts decide it, and let us join in the resolution
to repeal it.
Mr. SIMMONS. I dislike to go into this mat-
ter; but 1 am astonished to hear men dilate in
this way on a thing, especially when they have
examined it. I do not know anything about this
history 
Mr. DOOLITTLE. It has been an instructive
lesson to me on private claims.
Mr. SIMMONS. The case came up before the
Committee on Claims, and it turned out, on ex-
amining this man's papers, that, although Mr.
Floyd had taken the matter up again, he had de-
ducted about three or four thousand dollars that
had been allowed before, in order to make his
second award less; and we had no idea of his re-
examining the part of it which had been allowed
by the auditor, any more than we had that he
should look into the moon; and that was what
theresolution was that the Senator istalkingabout.
We found that the Secretary of War had made
some strange calculation about a store this man
had that was taken possession of in Florida.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Alabama.
Mr. SIMMONS. Well, it was somewhere or
other. Mr. Floyd concluded and told me him-
self—I was there on ojher business—how much
trouble he had with this claim. He said he had
concluded to strike out what the Auditor allowed
for about twenty barrels of whisky as one item.
He said he mado up his mind that the Indians
were more likely to drink the whisky than the
soldiers. I told him I should not like to have to
decide such a question as that; I thought those
would drink it who got at it fiist. [Laughter.]
Governor Crown, of Florida, was the adminis-
trator of old Mr. Fisher; and I think myself he
is as honest a man as I ever saw; and when he
hoard of this extravagant allowance, he wrote here
that there was no such sum due, and that he would
not take it; but that there was something due on
the claim. These are the most extravagant allow-
ances that ever were made, I agree; but it does
not follow that because the Secretary of War has
awarded these men four times as much as belongs
to them, there is nothing due to them. These
men would not take this money, because the allow-
ance was extraordinary; they would not touch it,
and wrote here that there was no such sum due,
and that the heirs did not want it, but they wanted
what was actually due. There are very few men,
I believe, who would decline to take even an ex-
travagant award; but old Governor Brown would
not touch this money,and I believe he is an honest
man.
I do not care a button whether this passes or
not; but there was a mistake in revising this ac-
count by the Secretary of War, when lie disal-
lowed what the Auditor himself had allowed, per-
haps ten years before, I do not recollect the time.
As we have got into this trouble, I want to dis-
pose of it in an orderly and fair way. Let the
Attorney General look into it. If there is noth-
ing due, then pay nothing. I think there is a
little something due. I stated before, that the Sec-
retary had erroneously struck out some items
which had been allowed by the Auditor; and that
was all we intended to open by ouiMesofution of
last year. The House of Representatives opened
the whole matter; and they made a great mistake
in it, in my opinion.
The amendment was rejected—ayes 12, noes
not counted.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
without amendment.
Mr. SIMMONS. I wish it to go over until
to-morrow.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator cannot ob-
ject to it.
Mr. SIMMONS. You caanot read it twice
to-day.
