1206
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 26,
Mr. GREEN. I shall make no reply, because
I will not delay action on the bill; but I promise
the Senator that before Saturday night 1 will reply.
I now ask a vote of the Senate.
Mr. BAKER, i desire to ask the Senator from
Illinois, who has turned his attention to this sub-
ject more than I have, is there any provision in
this bill affecting th6 question of what is com-
monly called popular sovereignty, one way or tho
other ?
Mr. DOUGLAS. I do not think there is such
a provision; but unquestionably the Senator from
Missouri thinks there is. It i3 provided that the
Territorial Legislature shall pass no law abolish-
ing or impairing the rights of private property.
I know that* is to be construed in Missouri to
mean that the Territorial Legislature shall pass
no law prohibiting, or abolishing, or impairing,
the right to slave property in the Territory. I
know, on the other side, it is to be contended that,
inasmuch as slaves arc not propeity, this does
not apply to them. Then this question is to be
decided by the territorial judges, and these terri-
torial judges are to be'appointod by the President,
removable at his pleasure. And now, the question
is, whether we shall take away the right of appeal,
so that the decision of the terutoriai court thus
constituted shall be final and conclusive.
Mr. BAKER. The reason I asked that ques-
tion, in a single word, is this: I hold myself bound,
by the events of the last two years on the Pacific
coast, to vote in favor of what is called popular
sovereignty, so far as it may be regarded as a
measure, not as a principle; and -therefore if, in
any territorial bill, the direct question comes up:
shall Congress delegate to the people of the Ter-
ritory the power to determine the question of sla-
very as all other subjects? I shall foul myself bound
to vote in favor of that delegation, saying, at the
same time, that 1 believe Congress lias the un-
doubted power to prohibit slavery.in any Terri-
tory of the United States; but, a?s I understand,
the question does not come up except 
Mr. DOUGLAS. I will state to the Senator
from Oregon frankly, that I do not think his vote
affirmatively on this bill would violate his pledges
to his people on that subject.
Mr. BAKER. 1 asked the Senatorbccause he
has examined the bill with more care than 1 have.
As to the question of property 
Mr. GREEN. Allow me to remind the Sena-
tor that the bill is not before the Semite, but the
House amendment only; and tho references by
the Senator from Illinois to tho general provisions
of the bill were entirely out of order. The bill has
passed the Senate and the House of Representa-
tives, and the House amendment is now before
us, and nothing else.
Mr. RAKER. I do not sec that that changes
the object which I had in view, and wlfich, I be-
lieve, I have accomplished. It was simply to say
that, on all proper occasions, unless theic is a
very great change of public affairs—a id of that,
of course, 1 shall judge hereafter—I believe the
best way is to allow tho people of the Territories
to govern themselves, slavery or no slavery. As
to slavery itself, as a matter of property, I still be-
lieve that it is the creature of local law; that it is
not the creature of general law; and that no pro-
vision, either in the Constitution of the United
States, or of a State constitution, or a territorial
organization, in relation to property, c-.n include
or cxcludc slaves one wav or the other.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Fitch m
the chair.) The question is on concurring; in the
amendment of the House of Representatives.
Mi". DOUGLAS. On that I ask for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I wish simply to in-
quire whether the original bill gave the right of
appeal, and whether the effect of the amendment
is to take it away?
Mr. DOUGLAS. That is the precise case.
Mr. GREEN, As it passed the Senate, the bill
gave the right of appeal; but the House struck
out that right of appeal, and resolved to do this:
to put slave property on the same basis as all
other property; give it no advantages and no dis-
advantages ; and that is exactly what they have
done.
Mr, DOUGLAS. I feel bound to add a word
there. The reason of this provision being inserted
in the compromise measures of 1850$ and again
in the Kansas Nebraska bill, was this: an appeal
could not be taken as to other property, unless
the amount in controversy was $1,000; and inas-
much as*a slave might not be worth but $>300 or
$500, it took away the right of appeal as to the
slave. Hence the exception was made, that, as
to slave property, the i ight of appeal should exist
without reference to value. The question is,
therefore, whether we will repeal that exception,
or whether we will allow them to have appeals'as
heretofore in regard to the title of slave property.
Mr. GREEN. I waive all reply, because I
want to get the bill through.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. The question is on con-
curring in the amendment, I understand.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Yes, sir.
Mr. BRAG£r. I think there is an additional
reason to that assigned by the Senator from Illi-
nois, why this provision shall not be stricken
out. As I understand the provision in the Kan-
sas-Nebraska bill, it was so far a recognition of
property in slaves as to allow the laismg of the
question before the courts; but as the bill now
stands, 1 do not sec that a slaveholder would have
any status in the court at all; certainly, he could
not take an appeal. I think that is.another reason
why that provision ought not to he stricken out,
and why the honorable Senator from Missouri
ought not to consent to its being stncken out. As
the bill now stands, the whole question it? open,
whether a man can hold a slave, in the fiist plnce;
and that depends entirely, as the Senator front
Illinois has said, upon the ruling of a terutoriai
judge. Now the Kansas-Nebraska bill authoi izes
an appeal; this bill piovided for an appeal: but
under the bill as it now stands, I cannot see that
the slaveholder would have any claim at all to
slave property in the Territories.
This may be a mere abstraction, I admit. It
may be that slavery will never go to that Terri-
tory; [do not suppose it will go to that Tcrntoi y;
but these are times in which 1 do not think we
on this side of the Chamber, at least, and I do not
think on any side of the Chamber, ought to be
willing to concede any more on this question. We
want our rights, even if they are abstract; and,
what is more, I believe we are determined to have
them.
Mr. GREEN. I concede nothing. I stand
upon my constitutional rights. I am pieparrd to
advocate the propriety of this course befoie the
court, thfc Senate, and the country.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 26, nays 18; as follows:
YEAS—Me«sra. Anthony. Bak^r, limgham, Cameron,
Chandler, Clailc, Colinmei, Dixon, Doohttie, Dmkee, Fcs-
sonden, Foot, Fo-.tci, Gieon. Gnmes, Hale, Ilathin, Kim,
Morrill, Sumner, Ton I^ek, Tiumbutl, Wade,
Wilkinson, and Wilton—'2').
NAYS—Mpvpis. Bayaid, H iagq;,Bri!:lit, (-lit tendon. Dong-
liiv, File)), Gwin. Johns-on of AiUamos Johnson of' Ten-
nesson, Kennedy, Lane, Latham. NiehoKon, Polk, 1'owell,
Rice, Sebastian, and Thomson—18.
So the amendment of the House of Represent-
atives was concurred in.
TKJUilTORV OF XL V AD A.
Mr. GREEN. I now move to take up Senate
bill No. 563, to organize the Territory of Nevada.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It becomes the
duty of the Chair to announce that the hour has
arrived for the unfinished business of yesteiday,
being the bill making appiopilations for the sup-
port of the Army for the year ending June 00,186*2.
Mr. GREEN. I move to postpone the unfin-
ished business, and go on with the territorial
b usiness.
Mr. LATHAM. I believe the Senator from
Matyland, [Mr. Pharce,] who has chaige of the
appropjunion bill, moved to make it the special
order for one o'clock to-day.
Mr. GREEN. I move to postpone all prior
( oiders, and take up Senate bill No. 563. 1 will
I state to the Senate that to-day is tu'ritoual day in
the House of Representatives; and tins bill is
exactly similar 10 the other, without a single word
of change, and I hope it will be taken up and put
, 011 its passage.
| Air. PEARCE. I understood the Army ap-
{ pnation bill was just now called up as tho special
[ order.
J The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is entered
j as the unfinished business for twelve o'clock.
] Mr. PEARCE. 1 hau proposed to call it up
I atone o'clock. 1 promised gentlemen that I would
! not interfere with otlur business nil then.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Missouri.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S.JNo,
563) to organize the Territory of Nevada was
lead the second time by its title, and considered
as in Committee of the Whole.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Shall the bill
be read at length r
Mr. DOUGLAS. I should like to hear a part
of it read. I do not care about the formal parts;
but I want to hear the boundaries, and the portion
in regard to the legislative and judicial, powers.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I wish to hear the
boundaries.
The Secretary proceeded to read the bill, which
is in the usual form, except as to the boundaries.
This Territory is included within the following
limits, to wit: beginning at the point of intersec-
tion of the forty-second degree of north latitude
with the thirty-ninth degree of longitude west
from Washington; thence running south on the
lnv of said one hundred and sixteenth degree of
west longitude, untif it intersects the northern
boundary line of the Territory of New Mexico;
thence due west to the dividing ridge separating
the waters of Carson valley from those that flow
into the Pacific; thence on said dividing udge
northwardly to the forty-first degree of north lat-
itude; thence due north to the southern boundary
line of the State of Oregon; thence due east to
the place of beginning. That portion of the Ter-
ritory within the present limits of the State of
California is not to be included within this Ter-
ritory until the State of California shall assent to
i the same by an act irrevocable without the con-
sent of the United States.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I thought the understand-
ing was, that the fonnal paitsof the bill were not
to be read. The Secretary is reading clauses in
relation to the Governor and Secretary, which are
in all territorial bills.
Mr WADE. In a moment we shall determine
whether we can dispense with the reading or not.
Mr. DOUGLAS. We want to look at the
boundaries.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Secretary was read-
ing a portion which is in all territorial bills, rela-
tive to the duties of Governor and Secretary.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I will ask the Senator from
Missouri if the powers of the Territorial Legisla-
ture are precisely the same as the others?
Mr. GREEN. Yes, sir.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Are the judicial powers the
same ?
Mr. GREEN. I think they are; butanamend-
ment will make it so, at any rate.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Very well.
Mr, GREEN. There may be an amendment re-
quired; and when that is moved, it will beexactly
the same as the other bill, from beginning to end,
except the boundancs and the name.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Shall the read-
ing of the hill be dispensed with?
Mr. WADE. T move that it be.disnensed with.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair hears
no objection to dispensing with the reading.
Mr. WADE. I desire to know if the clause
which was struck out of the other bill has been
stucken out in this,commencing m the ninth sec-
tion, at the forty-fifth line ?
Mr. GREEN. I think the bill, as reported, had
it su ieken out.
Mr. HUNTER. That cannot be stricken out
without a motion.
Air. WADE. But the bill is reported with it
stricken out, I believe. At any rate, 1 desire to
know whether it has been so reported or not.
Air. TRUMBULL. I ask that the Secretary
read the ninth section, from the thirty-seventh line
to the end of the section, and then we shall un-
derstand what the provision is.
The Secretary read, as follows:
Win* of eu 01 and appeals from the final decisions of said
fitpi'-mr court «hall be allowed, and may be taken to the
hfaptemo (J mm of the United State5*, in the t-ame manner
and undei the suae lobulation* a* from the eueuit courts
of tho United States, \vhcie the value of the property, or
tho amount 11^ controversy, fo he ascertained by the oatn or
ulliiination of either paitv, or otnn competent \vnne>-<?
than exceed $1.00;); except that a wut of cuor or appeal
<-Lall 1)0 allowed to the Supreme Com t of the Tinted State >
hom the decision of the said snpieme com t ereatcd l>v tiu^
aet. ur of any judge theieot'.oi of the rtjstnct '-oui^eie
ai-.d by tii^ aet, or of any judge thereof, upon anv wut ot
kal'ea.s corpus involving the question of personal lioed.Mu.
Mr. WADE. I move to strike out from line
