1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
M7
Mr. BOCOCK. By what right docs tlie Judi-
ciary Committer! report on this subject?
Mr. BINGHAM. It was a bill introduced
lest Monday, on a call of the States. It was read
,1 first and second time, and referred, under the
rule, to the Judiciary Committee. It is now re-
ported bark, with the action of the committee
upon it. !
Mr. BOCOCK. "Was the Judiciary Commit-
tee regularly called for reports?
The SPEAKER. It was.
Mr. SHERMAN. The report comes regularly
from the Committee on the Judiciary, as I under-
stand it.
Mr. BOCOCK. I wish to understand this
thing-. If the gentleman from Ohio reports this
bill ill response to a regular call of his committee,
then the matter is regularly before us. and no ob-
jection can prevent its consideration. If not, then
the report was made irregularly.and an objection
will prevent its being received; and in that case,
I will object.
The SPEAKER. The report was made oil n
regular call of the committee.
Mr. BRANCH. I understand that the gentle-
man from Ohio has made a motion to recommit.
Upon that motion I demand the previous question,
in order to give us a vote upon that motion to-day.
Mr. SHERMAN. My motion is, that the rules
be suspended, and that the House resolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, for the purpose of taking up an appro-
priation bill.
Mr. BRANCH. The Speaker recognized me
as being entitled to the floor, and I insist on my
demand for the previous question.
The SPEAKER. The Chair supposes the gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Sherman] had the right
to make the motion.
Mr. CRAWFORD. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Sherman] had the floor, and had moved to
gomtothe Committee of the Wholeon the stateof
the Union when the other gentleman from Ohio
ros" and desired to report this bill. The motion
of his colleague to go into committee, however,
was pending, and the additional motion teat a cer-
tain bill be made the special order in committee.
I submit, therefore, that the Judiciary Commit-
tee was not regularly called, and that the report
of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Bingiiam] can-
not be received, objection having been made.
Mr. BINGHAM. The motion of my colleague
was withdrawn at my request, that the call of the
committee might proceed. The call was made,
and the report regularly made.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman fiom Ohio,
[Mr. Sherman,] upon the application of his
colleague, waived the floor to allow a report to be
made from the Committee on the Judiciary. In
that aspect of the case, the Chair suppose:! the
call of the committee was legular, and the report
in order.
Mr. BRANCH. If the gentleman from. Ohio,
the •fchamnan of the Committee of Ways and
Means, did not regularly waive the floor, then
the report of the gentleman from the Judiciary
Committee was not in order, by reason of lus not
having the floor to make it. If the chairman of
the Committee of Ways and Means, however,
gave up the floor, then his motion fell: and the
report having been made, I was entitled to the
floor, and my demand for the previous question
was in order.
Mr. BINGHAM. My colleague resumed the
floor ay soon as I had made my report.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Sherman] having waived the floor for his
colleague to make this repoit, of course, gave it
up unconditionally; and the Chair does not see
how the gentleman from North Carolina has not
the floor regularly.
Mr. BRANCH. I did not seek it until the
gentleman from Ohio had relinquished it.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will receive the
demand for the previous question.
Mr. MAYNARD. I present this question of
order: that by the proviso attached to the 51st
rule, which is:
« Prouded. That whenever any committee shall have
occupied tile morning luair "n t^vo d.iv-, it shall not be in
order tor such committee to repoit tiiiLher uuti!^ tlie other
committees f-haii have been called in their turn
This report could not have been regular. I he
Committee on the Judiciary have already occupied
the morning hour on two mornings, and the morn-
ing hour of to-day having expired, it was too late
for the committee to make any further reports
under the privilege accorded to them by the rules
of the House.
Mr. BINGHAM. The morning hour has not
expired.
Mr. MAYNARD. I understand that it has
expired.
The SPEAKER. It has not.
Mr. MAYNARD. Will the Speaker state
when the morning hour commenced?
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not see what objection
the gentleman can have to allowing this bill to be
printed and go over.
Mr. BRANCH. I will explain the objection I
have, for I desire to be frank. I object to this
bill being placed in a position where it will be
within tl.e power of the gentleman who reported
it to call it up at any time. The motion of the
gentleman to recommit places it in the position
where it may be called up at any time. I have,
therefore, called the previous question in order
that that motion may be disposed of at this time,
and the bill either put on its passage to-day or
sent back to the committee, where it may remain
until the committee is regularly called again.
Mr. SHERMAN. But if the previous ques-
tion is oidered.and the motion to recommit voted
down, the House will be compelled to vote on the
passage of the bill to-night.
Mr" BRANCH. I am aware of that. I admit
that a majority of the House have it in their power
to foiee us to an immediate vote. I do notohjcct
to that, though of course I will vote against it.
But I do object to its being placed in the power of
the members of the Judiciary Committep to call
this bill up to-morrow, or next week, or at any
time whenever they choose, without notice to the
House of the fact. 1 desire, therefore, that the
bill shall be finally acted on now, or that it shall
be recommitted to the Committee on Judiciary.
Mr. HOUSTON. Ifthegeiitlcman from North
Carolina were temporarily to withdraw the de-
mand for the previous question, would it be com-
petent for me to move that the bill be referred to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union'
The SPEAKER. That would be in order.
Mr. SHERMAN. I trust, if the demand for
the previous question shall be withdrawn, wc shall
all have a chance. I have a privileged motion
which will come in in advance of that.
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 ask the gentleman from
North Carolina to withdiaw his demand for the
previous question, and himself move that tl^e bill
be referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union. That is the place where it
ought to lie leferred.
Mr. BINGHAM. What is the object of refer-
! ring the bill to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union at all?
Mr. HOUSTON. Because there is the place
where all bills making important changes in the
laws should go. There they can be discussed
and considered as they ought to be.
Mr. BINGHAM. "I should suppose the bill
could as well be discussed in the House.
Mr. I-IOUS TON. It could, it is true, if a ma-
jority weic not disposed to domineer over the
minority in the House.
Mr. BINGHAM. I desire to afford an oppor-
tunity for discussion to every gentleman who
wishes to speak on the bill; and it was to afford
an opportunity for mature deliberation that I pro-
posed that the bill should be printed and laid over
for the piesent, so that every gentleman could
have an opportunity of examining it.
t Mr. BOCOCK. Will the gentleman from Ohio
1 see that a fair notice is given to gentlemen on this
[ side of the House of its consideration? I admit
| that the bill is in the possession of a majority of
! the House, and that they can force a vote on it
: whenever they please. 1 only ask that we of the
minority may have the privilege of raising our
[ voice against it, and that, to enable us to do so,
: we shall have a fair notice of when it is to be
! called up. I ask that we may have the opportu-
I nity of raising our voice in behalf of the Consti-
:I tution.
ij Mr. BINGTT AM. I will very cheerfully give
■i gentlemen any notice that they desire, which is fair
j and reasonable; and I am sure that tliey will desire
I' nothing that is unreasonable. 1 have no wish to
prevent the bill having a fair consideration by ths
House.
Mr. BRANCH. The gentleman from Alabama
appeals to me to withdraw my demand for the
previous question, in order that he may make a
motion to refer this bill to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. SHERMAN. Very well, then; let that
motion be entered.
Mr. BRANCH. I would have no sort of ob-
jection to that course being pursued, for I think
myself that the bill ought to go to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union; but the
honorable gentleman from Ohio has already given
notice that he stands ready to make a privileged
motion, and to cut off the motion to refer to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union. The only way in which we can prevent
the bill being put into a position where the gen-
tlemen of the Judiciary Committee can call it up
at their pleasure, is by coming toa votenow,and
either disposing of the bill or recommitting it to
the Committee on the Judiciary. In that point
of view, I decline to withdraw the demand for
the previous question.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no objection.
Mr. BRANCH. I am willing to have the bill
go to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union; and I will withdraw my demand
for the previous question, provided there can be
a general understanding that the bill should be
referred to that committee.
Mr. BINGHAM. That would be to bury the
bill. If it went to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, we would never get it
before the House a'rai n.
Mr. CRAWFORD. You might as well now
adjourn the House.
Mr. SHERMAN. I demand tellers on second-
ing the call for the previous question.
Mr. BRANCH. I move that there be a call
of the House; and on that motion 1 demand the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BRANCH. Afterconference with the gen-
tleman from Ohio, [Mr. Bijjgijam,] I am willing
to withdraw the motion I have made for a call of
the House. He will withdraw his motion to re-
commit, and let the bill go over as unfinished
business to come up on Tuesday next.
Mr. BINGHAM. I agree to that, as I under-
stand that the bill will come up on Tuesday next
as the unfinished business.
Mr. COLFAX. Let an order be entered for
the printing of the bill.
. Mr. BRANCH. I have no objection to that.
The SPEAKER. The motions which have
been made will bo considered as withdrawn, and
the bill will go o\-er to Tuesday next as unfin-
ished business, and an order be made to print it.
Mr. HOUSTON. How long is the bill?
The SPEAKER. Only one page.
Mr. HOUSTON. I think we had better have
it read now.
Mr. BRANCH. It will be printed and be before
each member before it will come up again.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the House re-
solve itself into the Committeecf the Wholeon the
stateof the Union, with a view to take up the exec-
utive, legislative, and judicial appropriation bill.
Mr. CRAWFORD. Let us adjourn. There
is no quorum present.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am willing, if gentlemen
arc willing, by unanimous consent, to let the bill
come before the House. If not, I adhere to my
motion.
Mr. HOUSTON. We cannot consent to that.
There is and has been so much confusion in the
House that members have been unable to hear
what has been going on. The bill of the gentle-
man from Ohio got before the House without
anybody on this side hearing a word about it.
The SPEAKER. That bill has been sent over
to Tuesday next as unfinished business; and it
has been ordered to be printed.
Mr. HOUSTON. Is it in ordcrfprme to make
a motion in connection with that bill?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Sherman] has the floor.
Mr. HOUS'lON. I want to make a motion,
and nothing else.
Mr. SHERMAN. I cannot yield for that pur-
pose. The liiil reported by my colleague is dis-
posed of for tlie present.
