1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1207
fotty-five, commencing with the word '"except,''
to the word " freedom," in the fiftieth line. The
words to be stricken out sue:
'' Except that a writ of error oi appeal shall bp allowed
to tlic fc-'upieme Conn of the (/niteri States fiotn the decis-
ion of ihe <aid supreme couit eieated by tins act, or of anv
judge theieo!, or of the dismct courts created bv tlu<« act,
or o( any jndu;,; theieof, upon any writ of kabeus coypus
i!,u>I\tntrfhe question of phonal hecdom."
Mr. HUNTER. I ask for the yeas and nays
on tli.it. I wasabsent when the vote was taken
upon this question on the other bill; and I desire
to record my vote against striking out the clausc.
I think it is a very important provision of the
Kansas-Nebraska bill, that ought not to be omit-
ted 13) these territorial meosuies; and 1 desire to
lecoid my vote upon it. I will not renew the ar-
gumentwhich 1 undeistand wasmade very clearly
and distinctly by the Senator from Illinois; but/
ask for the yeas and nays that I may have the
opportunity of recoidmg my vote.
Mr WADE. I will observe merely that this
is the same amendment which we just concurred
in on the other bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered ;*a d being
taken, resulnd—yeas 25, nays 22; as follows:
YEAS*-—Anihmiv. Bn: ham, Cauieion, Chun
<]! :!. ci.o k. i.ollriini'i. Oivon, Don little, Out kee. Kc^enden,
Foot. Foster, (ocen Giune.-., ffaie, flruhm. Knitr, !Uo>i.!!.
^innrion-. Smnnei. Ten E\cl\. Tiumbull. \\ ade, Wilkin-
son. a>ul Wilson—
NAYS—i\le?-M* l>a\;ud. I>i;i2i , Uii?!it, ('lineman, Crit-
tenden. Douirlas, Fitch, Gvvin, Hemphill, ilnntei,.Johnson
of Arkansas, Johnson of Tennessee, Lane, Lai ham. Ma^on,
Nicholson, Poaico, Polk, Powell., Rico, Sebastian, and
Thomson— '2\.
So the amendment was rejected.
The bill,asnmende<l, was reported to the Senate.
Mr. WILKINSON. I wi.vh to offi; r an amend-
ment to trie second line of the fifth section of the
bill, to stnke out the wmd " citizen," and inseit
u inhabitant;" and also to add a proviso at the
end of the section.
Mr. GREEN, i Impe we shall first concur in
the nmendnn nt udopti d us jn committee.
The amendment mjd i as in commi'tee was
concurred in
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment offoied by the Senator from
Minnesota, to strike out, in l;ne two, of section
five, tbe word citizen " and insert41 inhabitant
and at the end of the section to insert the follow-
ing proviso:
]>rovidcih That Mie nirht of Hifirase and of holding office
bhall ho c\ei ci^ed only by citizen- of ihe I'tiited and
tho>e who shall h.iw declined, on oath, then mtemio'ito
l)pcO'Mp >neh, .did «hall have taken an oath to support the
Constitution ol the United States.
Mr. WILKINSON. The piovisions of (his
section are precisely the same as those in the or-
ganic act of the Tern tor)' of Minnesota. 1! allows
the inhabitants upon tlf4 <:iound to vote at the
fii st election, and afterwards allows the L -^isla-
ture to regulate the question of suffrage , and lim-
Hin^ it, as m that proviso, to persons who have
declared their intention to be citizens.
The amendment was a^rcd to.
Mr. WILKINSON. I now move, m line
eighteen of section nine, to strike out the words
" and probate courts;1' so that it will read:
Provided. That jiMicc,c.f the peace aha 11 not have juri--
*(1'ctiiiii of an> mattei. &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I detsiir to offer a substitute
foi ihe whole bill, and a^k for the yeas and nays
upon it. I will not arirue n. I leave the hound-
au.es as tiiey now aiv in the bill, and then piopose
to insert what I send to the Chair as a substitute
foi the rest of the bill—
The [Secretary proceeded to read the substitute,
winch proposes to enact, that the people within
the boundaries named in the original bili—
Be, and tl:e\ are herein, authoriz( d to as-ecihle in con-
vention and loim 'oi themselves an organic law and lern-
tnria! Lroveui!u"ii?. to roijM<-t of a iegi-latne, indicia!, and
executive d"p<uTineiu, winch government t hall be icpubh-
Ciin in luim, and shall, tu all rc; poets?, be consistent with,
and in -uiiOidinatton to, the f,'on>titnuon of the United
Static, and io all tieatics and law?. which the L'niied Suites
hawnnuooi <hali make concerning too Indian-' and the
public hind-.; and th" -aid Territory <hall be admitted into
the (Ti>ion on an equal loonnsw uh the onginal State-., with
>uch ihKiti'Ui!'•« a Coiilmc-;- may prescribe, whenever the
siiii ' shall contain tne population icqaisite for a Uepio-
'cr.ut've in ('oiere's--. according to the thtu Fedeialiano
oj ti'pieMMitattou.
Si.c '2. .l)ni he u further enacti'd, 'j'hat whenever the
pnltin. lamU th.dl hc-U've\ed i,n caid 'J'coitmy. seeHou-'
ci.\f<'on and t)iirty-J\ -hall be roseived for the p\trpojo <U
being granted to the State, when admitted into the Union,
for school
sec. y. Jl7idbe it further enacted, That &aid Territory
shall he entitled to a Delegate m Congress, vviUi alltiie priv-
ik 2«\s of a memljcr, except thai ol voting, and the ^aid Del-
egate hhali be elected by the people having disqualifica-
tions ie(juWite lor electors ot the most numerous branch "of
the Legislature.
.Sec. 4 Jhid he it farther enacted, That the said Teni-
tory shall constitute one judicial di>tnct for Federal pur-
poses, and theie shall be a distilet court of the United
States e-iahlished therein, which shall have the samejinis-
dietion ns inav be confeired by law upon other district
court-- of the United States; and the Piesidentblial! nom-
inate and, by ami with the advice and coi^ent of the Sen-
ate, appoint a jud^e, marshal, and attorney of the United
States within and for >n:d d^tnet.
Sec. o. JJnd be it further enacted, That for the purpose
of electing delegates to tho convention to form a constitu-
tion and government foi said Tetiitory, it s-hall be the duty
ot the t-aid jiul;;e to cause a cen>Uh of said Territory to be
taken, which thall be done h\ the inaishal and ins deputies,
in accordance witii <aich rides and icjrularions as the said
judj o may picseube; and wiien the ietuni> of the census
i t-hali he made, it shall be the duty oi said jud^e to divide
j s>aid Temton into election di -Hicl-, ami to appotiion thy
I dek'nate.^a-. n .irh aceoidimito |)opuintion as inav be prac-
; tieable. and to appoint the tone and places of holdm-i clee-
' tion,a.id to appoint the judges and cieik^otthe election,
i and to picseiibo the mlesand legulation-. fm conducting
| th" election and making ihe ictinn-s. and lo decide the le-
j suit in each e,i-e, ,uid issue the ccitihcate to the person
i duly clcot.'d. and appoint the tunc and place foi the eon
vent ion to a-senible. Ssaul convention shall consist oi fifiv
delenate-, qnaldied to he voteis at Mich election; and the
elective fiai)Uu>e shall be evio-ed at such election by all
male e;tr/."n- ovn the ago o: twentv-one \eai-, who weie
actual KMdents ot «aul Teiritorv at the time the cen-us
was taken. Tho sum ofjfjtlo.OM j. hen by nppiopuaied to
pa> the -cxpc'i-c:- ol --uch < onvention, nu-iudina the cen-ue
and the eicction of de!e;afes; and the ma^hal shall be
allowed the ^ame compensation as \\ as allowed for the la^t
cen-«u> in New Mexico, and the judges and eleiks ol elec-
tion t-hall be allowed tln>'e didlai> each for election day,
and the m:n)bei-  ot the convention tdull be allowed lom
dollai.- p"i d iv lor the !ii-t tv. eiity da\-3 and nothing aitet
tli.it px'ienl
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I ask the Senator from
Illinois wlutber that is not a precisely similar
substitute to the one which he offered to the Col-
orado bill, when if was befoie the Senate?
Mr. DOUGLAS. Yes, sir: but it was not voted
on by the Senate, because I could not gut the bill
reconsidered. It is the same amendment, and 1
can explain ltqmckcr than tin-Secretary can read
it. It is to allow th*o inhabitants within the bound-
aries specified, to form their own organic law;
establish their own teintonal government; elect
their own officers; govern themselves tn conform-
ity with the Constitution of the United States;
making them a judicial district, with one United
States judtje, with the juusdiction of a judge of
the district and circuit court, the snmo as in the
States, it is simply giving them thft tight to form
their own organic law: elect their own officers;
govern themselves in their domestic affairs just as
if they wcie a Stato, subject to the Consutuuon
of the United States; that is all.
The PRESIDING OLTlCKtl. Th- readme
of the amendment can only bo (Impended wirh by ■
una mm o us consent. Is the reeding called for by
any Setufm ? The Chair iieai.s no objection, and
the reading will be dispensed with,
Mr. DOUGLAS. I ask for the yeas and nays
on the adoption of the ann ndnient.
The yeas and nays weie ordeied; and being
taken, resulted—yens -1, nays 31; as follows:
YEAS—Me.--i-. I.alse,, Biag<r, Douglas, and Ilmlan—4.
NAYS -?>!"—r Ai.thon.', IJmgham, (.'.nneron, Chnn-
dlci, Clmk. ('ollamei. Dsiolnth', Durkee, Fcssendcn, Fnch.
Foot, Fo-!<-i. G,-eeji.C rune-!,G\viii, lia'e. Johnson ofTen-
nesM'c, Kcninah Kinu, Line. Latham, Ala^on, Morrill,
ftiehohon, Siiamon-. Smiiiii i. Ten i^>ck, Trumbull,
Wade. Wilkinson, and Wilson—31.
S.) tne amendment was rejected.
The bill was oideied to be engrossed for a third
reading, and was read the third time, and passed.
TERRITORY 01' DAKOTA.
Mr. GRKfCN. I now move. 
Mr. LATHAM, t call up the special order
for half past eleven o'clock.
Mr. GllCL'LV. i move to postpone the special
order, that we may take up and pass the bill to
organize Dakota Tei iUoi y. It will not take five
mmu it. s.
All. LATHAM. I cannot do so, as I know
there iRj.romg to be discussion on that bill.
Mr. GREEN". It will not take five minutes,
because all these questions are test questions, and >
wo have had so many votes that I think there
will be no further debate.
Mr. LATHAM. Not these test questions, but
the necessity of Having a Territory there at all,
will provoke discussion.
Mr. GREEN. What, Dakota?
Mr. LATHAM. Yes, sir. I know there are
Senators who intend to debate that question.
Mr. GWIN. I do not think the spocial order
will take five minutes.
Mr. GREEN. I want to get this bill through
before one o'clock.
rhe PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Missouri moves that the special order be
postponed, for the purpose of taking up the bill
(S. No.5G2) tooigtmize the Territory of Dakota.
The question being put, there were, on a divis-
ion—ayes 18, noes 10; no quorum voting.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I was conversing with agen-
tleman, and inadvertently did not vote. You may
count mo.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That would
not make a quorum; but there is evidently a
quorum m ihe Chamber.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I ask for a new division.
There is cvidenily a quoium here.
Thcquestion being again put; there were—ayes
twenty-three; the noes were not counted.
So the motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, resumed the con-
sideration of the bill (S. No. 562) to provide a
tumpoiary government for thcTenrtory of Da-
kota, and to cieaie the office of surveyor general
therein; the pending question being on the amend-
ment offered by Mi. Green', to su ike out on page
10, from lines foity-five to fifty, in the following
wojds;
'* Except that a wilt of error or appeal shall be allowed
to the Supieme Court ol the United Slates Irom the decis-
ion of ihe s-aid Supiemc Coin toioa ted by thN act, or of any
judge theicor', oi of the di-tuct courts cieatcd by iJn  net,
or or'anv judge thcieot, upon any wi it of 'habeas corjnts in-
vohin? the question of personal tieedoin."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On the ques-
tion of striking out the words which have just
been read, the yeas and nays have been ordered.
Mr. TRUMBULL. They were called on the
other bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. No, sir; the
yeas and nays wcic oidercd upon this amend-
ment, when tin' bill was considered previously.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have noobjection to it at
all; but we have just voted twice on the same thing
by yeas and nays; and I ask that, by geneial con-
sent, the call be withdrawn, unless some Senator
desires to record his vote on it. Our votes have
been recorded twice this morning already on the
same question.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It requires
unanimous consent to dispense with the calling
of the yeas and nays. The Chair hears no ob-
jection.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WILKINSON, i move to make the same
amendment to this bill that I did to the other, to
strike out 111 section five, line two, the word "cit-
izen,'* and insert " inhabitant;" and at tho end of
the section to mstrt the following:
Provided, That the i isjht ol's-ufirase and of holding office
t-hall DC exerciscd onlybj citizens ol the United Status and
tlio--c \\ ho shall have declared on oath their intention to
become sueh, and ^hall have taken an oath to support the
Consutuuon ol the United States.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
hears no objection to this amendment, and it will
be considered as adopted.
Mr. POLK. I object to the amendment, cer-
tainly.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Then thcques-
tion will be on the adoption of the amendment.
Mr. POLK. I call for the yeas and nays uf>on 
it. I am told that itis a simple amendment, which
was adopted on the other bills, but it certainly
passed without beiue: noticed by some of us. 4 {
am sure the yeas and nays were not called on it
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 25, nays 17; as follows:
YEA^—Messr>. Baker, Bingham, liingham, <Jhan<Uerc
Clark, Col lamer, Doolittle, Douida^, Durkee, Fe^enden,
Fitch, Foot. Fostei, (inme^. Hale, Harlan, King, Moirilh
Rice, Seward, Simmon'?, Sumner, Trumbull, Wade, Wil-
kinson, rind Wilson—-Jo.
NAYS—-Messrs. Anthonv, Braijfr, Chnginan, Dixon,
Gieen, Gwm, Hunter, Johnson ol Tennessee, Ketmedv,
Lane. Latham, Mason, Pearce, I'olk, Powell; Scba-rtan,
and Ten Eyck—17.
So the amendment was agreed to
Mr. WILKINSON. In section nine, line eigh-
teen, I move to strike out the words, u and pro-
bate court."
The amendment wo5/ agreed tt>
