248
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 5,
LEGISLATIVE APPROPRIATION BILL.
The SPEAKER. What motion does the gen-
tleman from Ohio submit?
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the rules he
suspended, and that the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the "Whole on the state of the
Union; and pending that motion, I move that
House bill No. 892, mulling appropriations for
the legislative, executive, and judicial expenses
of tin "Government for the year ending June 30,
186*3, be made the special order in the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union until dis-
posed of.
Mr. THOMAS. I move that the House do
how adjourn.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I demand the
yeas and nays on that motion
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was taken; and the House re-
fused to adjourn.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I object to
that part of the gentleman's motion making this
bill a special order.
Mr. GARNETT. So do I. There are several
gentlemen who wish to address the committee on
various topics; and if all the appropriation bills
are made special orders, they will have no oppor-
tunity to do so. The President's message was
not, as usual, left open to general debate.
Mr. SHERMAN. If there be a desire on the
part of the House to hear debate, it will over-
rule my motion making the bill a special order.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. There has
been as yet no opportunity afforded for general
debate. 1 think thatmembersought to have some
opportunity for general debate.
Mr. QUARLES. I suggest that the bill is not
WJthin the reach of members.
Mr. SHERMAN. The gentleman can get it
by sending for it.
Mr. Q.UARLES. I have sent for it.
Mr. SHERMAN. It has been ordered to be
printed lor a long time.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I demand
the yeas and nays on the motion making the bill
a special order in the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania, demanded
tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Edwards
and Wiiitelisy were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes G3, noes 31; no quorum voting.
During the division,
Mr. SHERMAN said: Mr. Speaker, there are
members present who have declined voting. It
is their duty to vote, and unless they do so I
shall be compelled to call on the Speaker-to en-
force the rules. When theie is a majority here,
and the House desiies to proceed with the public
business, members ought not to i drain fiom
voting.
Air. PORTER stated that his colleague, Mr.
Wilson, w,is paired with Mr. Moork, of Ala-
ouma, who wished to visit a sick colleague.
The SPEAKER. There is noquoium present.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 move that there be a call
of the House.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WINSLOW. As it is late, and there is
very little chance of our doing anything, I move
that the House do now adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
The Clerk then called the roll; and the follow-
ing members failed to answer to their names:
Mes-srs. Charles F. Adams, Adrain, Ashmore, Barksdale,
Hair, Barret, Blair, iiocock, Bonhum, Bolder, Bouligny,
Hojcp, Brab-on, Bristow, Brown, Bmch, Burnett, Buin-
ham, Buttcifield, Campbell, Horace F. Clark, Clark B.
Cochrane, Conklinc, Coiwm, James Ciaijr, Bmton Ciaiiic,
Curry, Curtis, Davidson, 11. Winter Davis, Oimmirk, Dunn,
Ednmndson, E FariiMvoith, Fenton, Ferry, Frank,
Graham, Hale, Hall, Hamilton, fl<u kin, Hawkins Hick-
man, H"jud, Huniplmn , Jackson, Jenkin--, Kent, William
Kelloys, K'Miv on. Lamar, Landman Lairabee, James M.
L(>aeh, Love, Mallurv, LI belt S. M.unn, MeCleniand,
Mckean, McKnijjiit. McQueen, Mile*, Million, MilUvard,
Montrjnmeiy, Sydenham Mooie, MoirrM, Morse, \eNon,
Nixon, No "l-, Oliii. Palmer, Perry. Peyton. Phelp-,, Pofterj
PuL'h, Keauah, John II Reynold-, Rice, Chiemptier itob-
in-on, R"Vei*. Uuffin, Uu-l, Seoti, Scinnton, Sickle*, Sin-
gleton. VVtlhar" Smith, Some*, Stallworth. James A. Stew-
art. Will.am Mewait, Stour, Stratton, Tappan, Theaker,
T«>aipkin«s, Underwood. Vall'aiuligham, Vance, Vandever,
Van W\ck, Wilson, Wxndom, Wood, Woodruff, and
Woodson.
Mr. COX. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
'Mr. SHERMAN. There in a quorum present,
and I hope the motion to adjourn will be voted
down.
Mr. COX. Is there a quorum present?
Mr. SHERMAN. There is; and there are
other members in the Senate.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Yes,sir; a baker's
dozen. [Laughter.]
The question was taken; and the House refused
to adjourn.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that all further pro-
ceedings under the call be dispensed with.
The motion was agreed to.
The tellers resumed their places.
The question was then taken; and the motion
was agreed to; the tellers having reported—ayes
seventy-three, noes not counted.
So the bill was made a special order in the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. SHERMAN. I now insist that the ques-
tion be taken on my motion to go into the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The question was taken; and the motion was
agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committeeof the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Etheridge in the chair.)
The CHAIRMAN stated the first business in
order to be the specinl order, which was House
bill No. 892, making appropriations for the legis-
lative, executive, and judicial expenses of the
Govemmentfor the year ending the 30th of June,
1862; and that if there was no objection, the first
reading of the bill would be dispensed with.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I object.'
The Clerk proceeded with the first reading of
the bill for infoimation.
Mr. COLFAX. I move to dispense with the
first reading of the bill.
Mr. HOUSTON. The rules expressly require
the first reading of the bill for information; and
it can only be dispensed with by unanimous con-
sent,
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I withdraw my
objection.
The first reading of the bill was dispensed with.
The Clerk proceeded to read the bill by sections
for amendment.
For compensation and mileage for Senators, $336,600.
Mr. LEACH, of North Carolina. I move to
reduce that appropriation one half. If the bill on
the subject of mileage comes up, and is acted on,
as it should be, the amount in the bill before us
will be twice what will be required.
The amendment was rejected.
For stationeiy, $10,000.
Mr. LEACH, of North Carolina. I move to
strike that out,and on that amendment I demand
trih'IH.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Leach, of
North Caiolina, and Houston, were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 8, noes 54; no quorum voting.
The CHAIRMAN. Thf roll will he called.
The roll was then called; and the following
members failed to answer to their names:
Mo^rs Chiller F. Adam*!, Green Adam", Adram,
Thomas L. Anderson, Ashlev, A^imore, Avery, Babbitt,
Barr, Bairet, Hrule, Bl.ui, Bocock, Bonham, Boteler, Bou-
Imny, Boyee, Brab-on, Bianch, Biajton, Brigg-*, Bristow,
Brown, BnH'inton, Buich, Burltngame, Burnett, Butter-
field, Campbell, Horace F. Clark, John B. Clark, Cobb,
Clark B. Coehiane, Conkhng, Corwin, Cox, James Craig,
Burton Ciaige, Curry,Curtis, PavuKon, H. Winter Davi.s,
John (i. Davis, Dawes, DeJamette, Dunmick, Dunn, Ed-
nmndson, English. Ferry, Fonke, Gxlmei, Graham, Hall,
Hamilton, J.'Mouihon Harris, John 'J'. Harris*, IlasKin,
Hawkins, Hickman, Hill, Wilham A. Howard, Humphrey,
Jackson, Jenkins, Kent, Fianei&W. Ivellngg, William Kel-
logg, Kenyon, Kllhnger, Lamar, Landtum, Lariabee, Lo-
«air, Love, Mallory, Charles I). Martin, Maynard, Me-
Knight, MePher>on, McQueen, MeRae, Miles, Million,
Milhvaid, Montgomery, Sydenham Moore,Morrill, Nelson,
Nixon, Noell, Pahmi, Pendleton, Peyton, Phelps, Potter,
Pottle, Pii^h, Reairan, Edwin R. Reynolds, John H. Rey-
nolds, Rice, Christopher Robinson, James C. Robinson,
Ruffin, Uu-t, Scott, Scranton, Sickle*, Snnms, William
Smith, Somes, Stallwoith, Steven-*, Stevenson, Jamo< A.
Stewart, Will [am Stewart, Stout, Thayer, Tlieaker, Tomp-
k.ns, Train, Trimble, Underwood, Vallandigham, Vande-
ver, Van Wye k,CadwaiaderC.Washburn.Webster,White-
ley, Wilson, VVmdom, VVInslow, Wood, Woodiuff, Wood-
son, and Wright.
The Speaker resumed the chair, and Mr.
Etheridge reported that the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union had, according
to order, had the Union generally under consid-
eration, and particularly the legislative appro-
priation bill; and, finding itself without a quorum,
had caused the roll to he called, and had directed
him to report the names of the absentees to the
House.
Mr. BRANCH moved that the House do now
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to.
Thereupon (at three o'clock, p. m.) the House
adjourned until Monday next.
IN SENATE.
Saturday, January 5, 1861.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Gurley.
The Journal of Thursday last was read and
approved.
Several messages,in writing, were received from
the President of the United States, by Mr. A. J.
Glossbrenner, his Secretary
HOUSE BILL REFERRED.
Mr. HUNTER. There is an appropriation
bill on the table, which I should like to have re-
ferred. I ask, by general consent, that it he read
a first and second time, and referred.
The bill (H. R. No. 865) making appropriations
for the current and contingent expenses of the
Indian department and for fulfilling treaty stip-
ulations with various Indian tribes for the year
ending June 30,1862, was read a first and second
time, by its title, and referred to the Committee
on Finance.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. THOMSON presented the proceedings of
a State mass convention of citizens of New Jer-
sey, held at Trenton on Tuesday, the 11th of De-
cember, lbbO, to consider the condition of national
afiairs; which were referred to the select commit-
tee appointed under the resolution of the Senate
of the 18th of December, 1860, to take into con-
sideration such portions of the President's mes-
sage as relate to the present disturbed condition
of the country.
Mr. LATHAM presented the petition of Eliza-
beth C. Willett, daughter of the late Joshua Shaw,
praying the payment of the balance of an appro-
priation made to compensate her father for the
invention of the percussion cap and lock for small
arms, and the wafer primer for cannon; which
was referred to the Committee on Military Affairs
and Militia.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee, presented the
petition of Ellen Morris, widow of Lewis R.Mor-
ris, an officer in the revolutionary war, praying a
pension; which was referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
Mr. SLIDELL presented the petition of Clem-
entine Lamotte, widow of Jacques Folse, and of
Valentino Robicho, praying the confirmation of
her title to certain land in Louisiana; which was
leferrcd to the Committee on Private Land Claims.
Mr. SLIDELL presented additional papers in
the case of Charles H. Hyde, praying the reim-
bursement of expenses incurred in deepeningthe
channel of the Southwest Pass of the Mississippi
river, under a contract with the United States;
which were referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
Mr. SUMNER presented the petition of Moses
H. Gale, asking an amendment to the Constitu-
tion of the United States, recognizing the exist-
ence of God; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary.
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. President, I have been
requested to present a memorial, signed by a large
number of residents of the United States, natu-
ralized citizens, formerly German emigrants,con-
stituting a religious community, concerning the
present danger of a dissolution of the Union, sub-
mitting their views on the subject, and asking for
their consideration by Congress. I do not know
tha* there is any appropriate committee to refer
it to. The communication states that they have
received a special revelation on the subject of the
difficulties that are attending the Government,
and desire, on their part, that it be read. I sub-
mit their wish, that it may be read to the Senate,
leaving it to the Senate, of course, to decide, as
they do with all other such communications. My
motion will be, that the communication lie on the
table.
