250
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 5,
V J
J
sional rcpo&ters, who excite the country every
morning with dispatches, some of which, I doubt
not, are made here, and a great many, 1 believe,
are made in the printing offices where they appear
before the public.
I am willing; to be generous to them; but I think
I ought to be just, and vindicate my own wrongs
in tins department while redressing the wrongs of
other Senators. Now, it so happens that I have
been here a month in the city of Washington,
and I have been honored with occasional notices
in the telegrams from this city, and 1 scarcely re-
member a single instance in which what was truth
■was told about me; but, on the other hand, every-
thing that seemed to be said about me was just
exactly the thing which was the most untrue of
all others. I do not know what share the asso-
ciated press had in this; J never looked; hut I
have made up my mind that an institution which
is regulated so badly that it will, in so important
a department as this, mislead the public so much
and so often, will be obliged in some way to cor-
icct itself. I submit whether on the whole we
had not better, after these exposures, by which
the public will understand that everything the
telegraph reports is to be taken with some grains
of allowance, leave the matter, and sec whether
the telegraph will not make its own correction.
Therefore i shall not vote for the resolution.
Mr. CAMERON. Mr. Picsidcnt, I am very
much inclined to believe that there is something
wrojig in this system of telegraphing. I think
there is not only fraud, but corruption, in con-
nection with this associated press and its system
of telegraphing. I have been reflecting on this
subject for a good while, and I think it is about
time for the Government to take charge of the
telegraph. I know that, for myself, I ean repeat
a great deal of what has been said by the Senator
from New York, and can safely say thatscarcely
ever has there been a truth in regard to myself
passed over the wires from Washington. Any-
thing uncivil or untrue or unkind, that is said of
me, generally goes all over the countiy. A case
has come to my notice within the past week, wheie
a bad man used the telegraph for a bad purpose
in connection with my name. Still, I believe that
the better way is to lot this thing correct itself.
The telegraph is a new system. It is a very short
time since it was established. It is very recently
that we have known anything about it, and after
awhile, probably, those persons who have charge
of it will see the wrong they are doing to them-
selves, as well as the wrong they are doing to
others, and, 1 have no doubt, will coirect it.
As to this Mr. Gobright, J have entire confi-
dence in his integrity. From the knowledge I
have of him, ! am sure he would do no wrong
to any one. The enor is, that there are too many
people scattered all over the country, whfl are not
responsible to the head of the system, and who
do this wrong.
1 feel inclined to vindicate the character of the
Senate and to vote for this resolution; but perhaps
we had better let it alone; and I think that the
lesson they have received heie now will do tnoie
good than the passage of the resolution.
Mr. SLIDJGLL. If it be well understood that
the mendacity of the reporters of the associated
press is so notorious, so patent throughout the
coimti y, that every Senator on this floor admits it,
1 have obtained everything that I wish. Let that
be understood. I withdraw my resolution.
RAILROAD TO THE VACUPIC.
Mr. GWINT. I move that the Senate proceed
to the consideration of the special order, beinsr
House bill No. 701.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (II. R. No. 701) to secure contracts,
and make provision for the safe, certain, and
more speedy transpoi t at ion, by railroad, of mails,
troops, munitions of war, military and naval stores,
besiveen the Atlantic States and those of the Pa-
cific, and for other purpose.
AJi SE WARD. Mi. Pi evident, fi om the day
when the Territories of California and New Mex-
ico weie acquired by the United States, 1 have re-
garded a connection of the Pacific coast with the
Atlantic, by a railroad, as the first, chiefest, and
best of aM the measures I could support while re-
moining in tin pub'ic sn \ice. lleietoforc J have
aided this policy by cun.;ulftn« and conferring on
committees, with all the wisdom 1 possessed, sub-
jecting, always, my own views and preferences,
at last, to the majority, when I could thereby, and
not otherwise, receive favorable reports. Some-
times I have advocated such bills at some length,
presenting, as well as I could, the greatarguments
derived from the commercial, financial, and po-
litical purposesof the enterprise. Atothertimcs
I have lent what seemed to me more effective aid,
by keeping silent and discouraging debate, in
order that we might reach the opportunity of se-
curing the favorable vote which was expected to
crown our efforts. The same motive will induce
me to be brief now, in the hope that, if my ex-
ample shall be followed by other friends of the
measure, we may speedily secure its adoption.
A word, Mr. President, on the details of the
bill. I have heretofore expressed the opinion that
the most feasible, and the most natural, and the
best route for a Pacific railroad is the more north-
erly one, to connectMmnesota with the northern
ports of the United States on the Pacific. I am
also on record as having enteitamed the opinion,
which I do now entertain, that it would be more
wise, financially, to construct one railroad than
two or more. This bill does not conform to these
views. It presents two routes, a northern and
a southern route; and while the southern route
is unobjectionable to me, the northern route is
less northern than 1 would prefer. It will be pro-
posed, I understand, to amend the bill, by sub-
stituting for its northern route that one which I
would have preferred. I shall, under existing
circumstances, not vote for the amendment. My
reason is, that the bill, as so amended, } appre-
hend, could not be passed, while I hope that the
bill, m its present shape, can he passed. This
reason, whether satisfactory or not, must be my
justification to those sections of the country which
would prefer, as 1 do, the route which is pro-
posed to be substituted by amendment.
1 vote for two railroads, instead of one as I would
have preferrcd,because i am satisfied that one can-
not l)e passed; and 1 trust and believe that now,at
last, two can. Any bill for the construction of a
Pacific railroad must obtain the votes of the Sen-
ate and of the House of Representatives. It is a
very hard thing, as we know by experience, to
get the vote of either House m favor of a Pacific
railroad, and hitherto it has been impossible to
get the vote of both. This bill has got the vote
of the House of Representatives already. That
is half; that is so much secured; and I am going
for this bill because it is so much secured, and I
do not propose to let it go back to the House
again, for fear it may be lost.
Whatever objections f might otherwise have to
this bill, whatever preferences for one in another
form, I am going to support it as it has come from
the House of Representatives.
In regard to the northern section I have to say,
that if this bill shall go into ellect,and a railroad
be built between the parallels of 38° and 42^, it
will be quite easy to connect the towns on the
upper Mississippi and the coasts of Lake Supe-
rior wnh that route, which will give them a great
lelief and benefit; and 1 pledge myself, so long
as 1 have any connection wilh public affairs, to
favor, in all possible ways, such connections. I
shall be ready to-morrow, and every day after-
wards, to vote for a third loutc, if it shall appear
that the condition of the Treasury and of the
country shall justify such a movement.
Air. President, 1 come mote cheerfully now than
ever before to the suppoit of this great measuie.
3 want it to pass; and 1 want it to poss to-dav,
if possible. The evil of our time is sectionalism.
The danger of our time is division of the Union
by force of sectionalism. Kvery man appeals to
every othei man for a compromise of sectional
difficulties, and for the devising of some new bond
of union to hold together these States, which it
is apprehended are ;n danger of falling apart for-
ever. While 1 have listened kindly, and shall
continue to hsten respectfully and fraternally, to
every meas>ute of thai kind which is suggested,
here is one for which I am prepared to vote at
once, f want it to be known; I want it to be seen
and read of all men here and elsewhere, that ot
the very day and hour when it was appiehended,
by patriotic and wise men throughout the land,
that this Union was falling into luin, the Con-
giess of the United States placed upon the statute-
book for eternal rccord, an act appropriating
$90,000,000, the largestappropriation ever made,
to bind the Northeast and the Northwest, and the
Southeast and" the Southwest, and North and
South, and East and West, hy a physical, mate-
rial bond of indissoluble union. Sir, it is rail-
roads and canals and connections and facilities
for communication, commerce, mid affection, that
bind together and assimilate discontented and ill-
assorted communities. This is a great measure
of conciliation, of pacification, of compromise,
and of union.
The bill commends itself to all the friends of
the Union, upon the ground that it is exactly
equal and just. It recognizes distinctly that which
we are all' required to recognize: that, owing to
the peculiar conformation of the country and the
habits of our people, there is one interest and
civilization North, and another distinct interest
and civilization South; that the competition, the
rivalry, between them is what has brought upon
the country apprehensions of disaster and disso-
lution. This measure equally provides for favor-
ing the progress and development of the northei n
civilization, and that of the South. It connects
the ports and the citiesaround the mouths of the
Mississippi with the Pacific coast at San Diego,
passing tinough eight hundred miles m Texas,
of lands that are adapted to southern cultivation
and southern production; and eight hundred miles
more, through a similar region, brings the road to
its termination on the western coast.
I have listened to what southern men have
asked. 1 have listened with a desire and willing-
ness to be convinced that what they asked could
be properly and safely granted ; but for this prop-
osition I require no consideration. I am prepared
to grahtit at once, as their right, as their due, as
equal awJ just, and as only an equivalent for what
the bill proposes to give to the northern civiliza-
tion which is to be promoted by the northern
route.
It is no idle and wasteful expenditure that we
propose to make in passing this bill. There is
no waste or sacrifice at all. We give for the pur-
pose of securing the Union only money which
will come back into the Treasury after a lapse of
years, in piofits abundant to reward the outlay.
A lailroad to the Pacific requires an expenditure
of money or of credit; and there is no power, no
authority, in this country to expend such money
and credit but the Federal Government. There-
fore, it is reasonable and right that the Federal
Government shall do here what in oilier cases
States and individuals would be expected to do.
The outlay will be repaid abundantly m postal
letnrns and in the transportation of naval and
military munitions and stores.
The annual interest can never exceed $4,800,000.
That $4,800,009, though it seems startling as a
large sum, will yet sink in apparent magnitude
and become diminutive in our estimation when
we look forward to the period—fifteen years hence,
perhaps—when the railroad will be completed.
We aio apt to refer to the time of Mr. Adams,
when the expenses of this Government were only
$12,000,000; and then to look at the pi esentexpend-
ituic—sixty, or seventy, or eighty million dollars
annually—and start at the con tiast. But, Mr. Pres-
ident, it admits the increase of the country, of its
population, of its commerce, of its wealth and
power, has been in a proportion equal to the in-
crease of its expenditures. We have only to just
remember that one, or at most two, more returns
of the census are to come in before the account
for const! acting these railroads can be closed, and
then the cost will relatively be moderate and rea-
sonable.
But it is not to be required of any road, canal,
or channel of trade or commerce, tha^it repay
the Government for the cost of its construction
directly, if it shall produce indirectly adequate
rewards distributed throughout the whole nation.
|i That is the nature of the enterprise before us.
;i Just so far and so fast as you extend a railroad
ij into the western wilderness, justso fai and so fast
ij socicty develops itself, spreads itself around, and
:i even advances before the terminus of your rail-
road. New States arise, and these are combined
with the other States, and assume their shaie of
j the burdens and defense of the State, guaranty-
! ing tiio common liberty and promoting the com-
! moil welfare. With these two lines ot lailrofld in
ij operation, thus developing the resources as well
!■ of the South as of the North, and opening and
