1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mi
establishing new fields of miningand culture north
and south, on the Pacific coast, you will have
given an impulse to the material prosperity and
aggrandizement of the United States, surpassing
all that has ever before been accomplished since
the Government was formed. Practically, sir,
this road will cost nothing. Only bonds are to be
issued for it, and those bonds payable at the ex-
piration of thirty years. The wealth of the Uni-
ted States will double in thirty years to come, as
it has more than doubled in thirty years past; and
that which was a debt when it was begun, will,
in some sense, cease to be a burden at the time
when it comes to be paid. The interest, it is sug-
gested by my honorable friend from Maine 
Mr. FESSENDEN. Oh no; I made no sug-
gestion. You overheard a remark in conversation.
Mr. SEWARD. I overheard my honorable
friend raising a very proper question, that interest
will have to be paid in the mean time. The inter-
est that is paid until the work is completed, is
part of the cost; but then the services that road
will render, when completed, to the Post Office,
the naval and military departments, will be an
equivalent for the interest as well as the principal,
and I think we may compromise very well on that.
I have one word to say more upon these sev-
eral routes. I have said already that I thought
the northern route fixed in the bill was too far
south for financial purposes, and that I would pre-
fer a more northern one; but 1 beg my honorable
friends from the Northwestto remember that at the
present time there arc found between a line drawn
one hundred miles south of the parallel of 38°,
and a line drawn one hundred miles north of the
parallel of 42°, twenty out of thirty million inhabit-
ants in the United States, while a railroad north of
that line would subserve the convenience of a pop-
ulation now far less—1 think not more, perhaps,
than two million or one million and a half. They
must be patient, then; they must wait and con-
nect with this road; they must develop—Heaven
knows that they are developing fast enough to-day
to secure very soon the most auspicious progress
and success. No part of the world has ever im-
proved or developed itself faster than the region
of country lying between Lake Superior and the
Rocky Mountains, and around the Falls of St.
Anthony.
The southern route seems to me peculiarly ad-
vantageous, because it will bring out into full
development the natural resources of the State of
Texas, which, of itself, is sufficient to make an
empire, while it will connect that empire indisso-
lublywith the United States. I am asked as a
northern man, 1 am asked as a representative of
New York, to vote a large sum of money to con-
struct a railroad from the mouth of the Missis-
sippi to the Pacific ocean, through the southern
country, chiefly of Texas and California. It is
the sum of $36,000,000. I vote it cheerfully. It
is no more than the State of New York has done
under circumstances less exacting than these.
Forty years a£o the Stale of New York commenced
the construction of a canal to connect the lakes
With tide-water, through herown territory, which
was to be one link, a long and strong link, in the
great chain of internal improvements across the
continent. I have steadily supported that policy
ahvays, whenjt was in favor and when it was in dis-
favor; and at last, this very year, it is completed,
and the enlarged Eric canal, practically a navigable
steamship canal, is completed at a cost of thirty-
six million dollars, or thereabouts; and all ques-
tion as to every vote that had ever been cast for
it is at an end; and there is not a citizen of the
United States, there is not an intelligent man
throughout the world, who does not agree that
the expenditure was the wisest and the best that
any State in this country has ever made.
Sir, the conscqucnccs of such connections are
a subject of philosophical examination. The
mouth of the Mississippi on our continent cor-
responds to the Delta of the Nile; and the town
of San Francisco, on the Pacific coast, is the Suez
of this continent. Connect the Atlantic and the
Pacific by railroad, as the civilized nations of Eu-
rope arc so slowly but steadily going on in estab-
lishing adequate connection between the.Delta of
the Nile, and through the Red Sea, to the Pacific
ocean. That is a work that is to be completed
on that continent; and, when done, it will be a
iival of our own. It will be an auxiliary ot our
Now, sir, if you will carry your recollection
back to the period of the Ptolemys, and bring
before you the condition of society in Europe
and in Asia at that time, and imagine that there
had been a ship canal or a railroad from Alexan-
dria to Suez, thus connecting the cast and the
west of the Old World, I think you will find rea-
sons for believing that the civilization once exist-
ing in that region that would have been traversed
by that route, would never have fallen; that it
would have been a progressive civilization ever
since, instead of an ephemeral one, rising and
declining according to the tempers and passions
of the belligerent nations of Europe and Asia.
The railroad is already built from Alexandria
to Suez. It is a monopoly; but it is inadequate;
and the great enterprise of the day is the open-
ing of a canal through the desert, from Marietta,
on the Mediterranean, to Suez. When that is
done, which is the great desire of all European
nations, and which has only been prevented from
being done by the jealousies of England and
France, and possibly Russia, then the civiliza-
tion of that part of the world will be renewed
effectually and established. That is precisely
what I want to anticipate on this continent, while
we are yet young and vigorous, and strong, and
rich, and hopeful, and ambitious.
Mr. President, this proposition in every way
commends itself to apeople like those of the United
States. It is no hesitating work; itisabold work.
It is no sectional work; itis a national work. It
is no narrow work; it is a work for the use of the
whole world. When it is completed, you will
have effected that without which you cannot hold
this Union together. You are building up to-day,
on the coast of the Pacific ocean, powers which
must communicate with foreign nations, and
through foreign commerce, and have foreign con-
nections, or else they must connect with the East,
and be American. You are building up on the
coast of the Pacific ocean Asiatic powers instead
of American powers, and you are turning your
people, with their commerce, their enterprise, their
spirit, and their ambition, all over to follow in the
crusade of England in China and in India, when,
if you will only construct this road, complete this
great work, you make the Pacific coast American,
and you combine the energies of the East and of
the West, extending the civilization of the world
westward in its proper way, with American in-
sti tutions, American sprineiples, American habits,
American sentiments, and American interests,
across the great continent of America, until you
reach, on the other side, the shores of the Atlantic
ocean.
Mr. RICE. Mr. President, I have an amend-
ment to offer to this bill; but after having listened
to the able, eloquent, and what appears to me ex-
traordinary speech of the distinguished Senator
from New York, I have no hopes that my amend-
ment will meet with favor upon this floor. I have
no hopes that any amendment, howeverjust, how-
ever meritorious, that maybe offered, will receive
favorable notice here.
The honorable Senator announces that, iu his
opinion, the northern route is the best route; yet
he will sacrifice his preferences for that and vote
for two southern routes. He thinks one road
preferable to two or more; yet he will vote for,
virtually, four routes; three commencing upon
the western border of the southern States, and
one branch commencmgupon the western border
and going through the southern part of our most
southern free State.
I run in favor of a Pacific railroad; and I have
no fault to find with the details of this bill, with
the exception of the lines marked down; and m
that respect I do complain. The bill passed the
House of Representatives with, I might say, in-
decent haste. It passed under the operation of
the previous question, when no man favorable to
the northern route was able to obtain the floor
to express his views upon it; and here, again, I
may be excused if I feel that we have cause to !
complain. And, while i am in favor of a Pacific ]
railroad, I cannot, in justice to myself and to my
constituents, vote for it $100,000,000 at the outset.
How many more millons will be required to com-
plete the work, is not known to man. I cannot
consent to vote for it millions of acres of the
public lands, and to tax the people of the North
to ihat extent. We, m my State, will have to
pay our share towards building these roads.; and
we shall receive from them not only no benefit,
but a positive injury. Immigration and capital
will be diverted from Minnesota and Wisconsin,
and from the entire lake country, to the lines of
these roads; and the commerce of the great lakes
will, to a certain extent, be sacrificed to build up
interests that are inimical to theirs.
The manner in which legislation has heretofore
been conducted has been extremely unfortunate
for us in the Northwest. The Government is
now paying millions of dollars for overland mail
routes, all starting from southern States, and
running to the Pacific—not to the center of the
Pacific coast, but to the southern shore of our
possessions there. Upon two occasions the Sen-
ate passed a bill giving us an overland mail route
in the North, at a very small expense compared
with the amount given to the southern route, but
by some process inexplicable to me, those bills
failed in the other branch of Congress. I find
that there is an ability in some quarters to make
combinations that prevent us from receiving our
rights, while at the same time we are compelled
to pay our share of the expenses.
I shall not detain the Senate long, for I presume
it is a foregone conclusion, that this bill is to pass
without amendment. I have it from high author-
ity. What strikes me as remarkable in the speech
of the Senator from New York is, that he sup-
poses the passage of this bill will save the Union.
I am a Union man; I would sacrifice anything
that any one could ask to save the Union; and if
he has found the means of doing it, I shall be
very much gratified. The venerable President of
the United States, his able Cabinet, the Senate,
the House of Representatives, the great men and
the little men all over the country, the sane and
the insane, have been racking their brains for
months past to find some way by which they
could save this great and glorious Union; but all
to no avail. Every proposition that has been
brought forward, no matter from what sourcc,
has received little, if any favor. But the Senator
from New York has at last discovered the philos-
opher's stone; he has found the spring of life, of
which we used to read. He thinks that the
Union can bo saved if we give to the South two
railroads to the Pacific ocean ! I am sorry that
there are sofewsouthern Senators in their seats,
for I wish to call their attention to this wondrous
proposition. I wish to learn from them if they
are prepared to sacrifice for money the principles
for which they have been fighting. If dollars
and cents will redress their wrongs,! am prepared
to vote the money—not only $36,000,000 but
$100,000,000; but upon one condition. If that
amount of money will remove their causes of
complaint, quiet their consciences, and make them
satisfied., 1 will give it freely; but upon the con-
dition that when they have got it they shall leave
the Union. But, sir, I have misjudged the south-
ern charactcr very much, if they will make sac-
rifices so great (if we are to believe what they
have said) for a few millions of dollars.
Mr. LANE. For which they arc to be taxed.
Mr. RICE. Yes, for which they and we are
to be taxed. I shall be very much pleased to
have the correctness of that part of the Senator's
speech tested; and I expect to have an opportu-
nity to do so by having the yeas and nays on the
amendment which I am about to offer. I move
to strike out all after the enacting clause of the
bill, and insert.
Mr. POLK. I apprehend that the amendment
proposed by the Senator from Minnesota is tan-
tamount to a substitute for the House bill; and I
ask if it would not be proper to amend the bill as
it stands, first, before the substitute is presented
to the Senate. If so, I wish to offer an amend-
ment to the first section of the biil.
ThePRESIDlNG OFFICER, (Mr. Bigleriii
the chair.) It will be perfectly in order to move
to perfect the matter proposed to be stricken out,
before the question is taken on the substitution.
Mr. POLK. Do I understand the Chair to say
that it is proper for me now to offer my amend-
ment?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If the Senator
proposes to amend the matter proposed to be
stricken out.
Mr. POLK. Yes, sir.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment is in order; and the Secretary will read it.
The Secretary read Mr. Polk's amendment-,
