1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE:
253
Mr. GREEN. I understood the Senator to say-
distinctly that he thought my colleague's prop-
osition l ight; and that if he had the original fram-
ing of the bill, he would put it so; but that it
wouldjeopardize the bill now to make any change;
and yet, that he believed that if we passed this
bill, we could then pass a supplemental bill con-
taining the same amendment, which he now says
would jeopardize the original bill.
Mr. GW1N. The Senator is entirely mistaken
as to my views. When I made that remark, I
referred to the amendment of the Senator from
Minnesota.
Mr. GREEN. I will take the correction; but
the argument is as strong in the one case as the
other. He appealed to the Senator from Min-
nesota: "Do not make any amendment; it will
jeopardize the bill if we put on that amendment.
We can never get it through the House." And
yet, before he closed, he said to the Senator, " I
have no doubt we can pass a supplemental bill
giving you all you ask." Now, if that is so, let
us put the amendment on, and let it be ratified by
the action of the House. They will do it in the
one way as readily as the other. I do not believe
the House will defeat the bill because we are
seeking to perfect it. We are not making radical
changes. The proposition of my colleague is
simply this: when you undertake to accommo-
date the State of Missouri, let Missouri be con-
sulted; and do not let a few strangers living in
Massachusetts and New York have the power to
make the location of a branch which is ostensibly
thrown out as a tub to the whale to deceive the
people of Missouri. Let Missouri locate it, and
not the people of New Yoik, Massachusetts, 01-
otlier States, who, however honest and patriotic
they may be, have interested motives conflicting
with the interests of our locality. I shall, there-
fore vote for the proposition of my colleague; but,
at the same time, I want to announce to the Sen-
ate that there is another amendment which ought
to be proposed, and which, if nobody else pro-
poses, I will, before the bill is perfected, giving
any road, and every road, the right to form con-
nections with this, to tap it. I want St Joseph
accommodated. I want the road from Burlington,
Iowa, accommodated. I want all roads accom-
modated. Without a provision like this, they can
refuse connection, as I know they do in many
States,and in many localities. The consequence
is, that the cross roads are driven to the wall, and
broken down, because these general, mammoth
lines will not accommodate them in running time;
nor will they permit a connection, but lorce a
change of freight from one car to another. All
that ought to be provided for, so that any road
should have the privilege, at its own cost, of form-
ing connections with this. Tlien St. Joseph could
have its tap, and Burlington, Iowa, coald have
its; and so could all the roads crossing from the
Mississippi westward. That ought to be attend-
ed to.
I do not like other features of the bill; and I
will name one difficulty. Certain individuals are
picked out and presented to Congress as the re-
cipients of this bounty; yet they are not to act
until they obtain charters of incorporation from
the localities through which the road is to pass.
It will, therefore, be observed, that we are first
dictating to Kansas and Nebraska, to Texasand
California, who shall be the corporators. 1 deny
to Congress the right to say to California, "You
shall make A, B, and C, corporators, and nobody
else;" and yet this bill puts it exactly in that
shape. We name the persons who shall be incor-
porated, and the bill says nobody else shall be
admitted, except by the vote of a majority of
them. Hence, they can put it as they please. Cal-
ifornia does not have that discretionary act—the
right to decide who may be the proper recipients
of an act of incorporation. That ought to be
avoided.
There is another difficulty, which I will point
out. Until the acts of incorporation in the sev-
eral localities are obtained, the road cannot he
m ide. It puts it m the power of Utah to defeat
this central road at any moment she pleases, by
refusing an act of incorporation. There is another
difficulty. The toad that starts from Port Smith
to connect at Port Belknap, or in that vicinity,
passes through the Cherokee nation, through the
Choctaw nation, and through the Chickasaw na-
tion. Can these tribes of Indians give an act of
incorporation at all? By the frame of the bill,
these men cannot act until the incorporation is
had. As the line goes through a locality not or-
ganized as a Territory, inhabited by Indians who
have no political power as recognized by us, 110
act of incorporation can be passed, and hence
that branch of the road is defeated forever; be-
cause the Indians can refuse to sell: they can
refuse territorial organization; and I doubt, if the
Cherokee nation, the Chickasaw nation, and the
Choctaw nation, should all agree to it, whether
it would come up on the conditions of thcbill;
and if we intend to secure what is promised, we
ought to put it in a shape not liable to be defeated.
These are difficulties 011 the face of the bill. They
ought to be provided against. If Iowa is to be
accommodated by a branch of this road, Iowa
ought to have a voice in its selection. If Missouri
is to be benefited by a location of it, Missouri
ought to be consulted in its location. If we are
to provide means for the execution of this work,
we ought to make it so effective that it never can
be defeated* and not leave it in the power of
Chickasaws, Choctaws, and Cherokees, and the
Mormons, to defeat the whole enterprise any
moment they please.
Again, sir, the practical effect of the bill, as it
now stands, will be to pay an enormous bonus
to make a short branch of the road, which would
be useful as far as it goes—a heavy profit and an
immense fortune—and the through road fail for-
ever. That will be the consequcnce until some
subsequent legislation is had. As we foresee
these things—and they are difficulties striking and
paramount—can we not shape our legislation so
as to avoid them ? May wo not take some effective
steps which will prove, in the future history of
the country, that we have legislated as wise men,
who intend to accomplish what we propose?
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, I think the
amendment proposed by the Senator from Mis-
souri a just one, and shall therefore vote for it. I
disagree entirely with this idea that we cannot
make this hill what it ought to be, and then carry
it through the House of Representatives. I do
not think we shall want to amend it to any great
extent, but I think we oughtto make it as perfect
as possible; and I believe, with the disposition
now in Congress, that we can carry through these
Pacific railroads at this session. I shall vote for
the amendment proposed by the Senator from
Missouri, because I think we ought not to do
anything that shall appear to strike a blow at St.
Louis. In my opinion, fixing this starting point
at the mouth of the Kansas river, connecting with
the Pacific railway now extending from St. Louis,
would be just and right; and I shall therefore vote
for the ami'ndment.
Mr. GWIN. As I have stated, we cannot
command the vote of the Senator from Missouri,
who has just addressed the Senate, for any bill—
or we cannot get the Senate to agree to such a bill
as he.would vote for—and therefore I think it
hopeless to attempt to reconcile his difficulties.
What I said in regard to the amendment of the
other Senator from Missouri [Mr. Polk] was
this: that it was not of vital consequence that the
measure should be thus amended; and it would
jeopardize the passage of the bill,probably, if we
amended it in that form, when it was not of vital
consequence. It may not be proper to refer to
the action of the other House of Congress; but I
am justified in stating that the very amendment
now proposed was voted down there; and hence
we have positive evidence of the fact that there is
danger of thus amending the bill in the Senate,
because the House has already indicated by a
majority that they are not in favor of thatamend-
ment. I therefore hope, Mr. President, when it
is of such consequence to pass the bill as it came
from the House—and the bill, in my judgment,
gives precisely what the Senator wants—-that we
shall not jeopardize it in any way, or interrupt
its immediate passage by amendments.
Mr. FOOT. Mr. President, I shall vote for
the substitute which has just been offered by the
Senator from Minnesota. I regard that as more
fair, more equitable, more just to all sections of
the country, than the bill of the House. I will
say further, however, that if the substitute fails,
as at present advised I shall vote for the House
bill. I am now, as I always have been, in favor
of a Pacific railroad. I have uniformly voted for
bills for that purpose, in whatever form they have
been presented to us. I regard the connection of
the Atlantic and the Pacific coasts by direct rail-
way communication across our own Territories,
as demanded alike by the interests of commerce,
by the necessities of our postal intercommunica-
tion, and by the necessities of our national de-
fense; and above all, such a connection would
furnish, in my judgment, a strong, and, I trust,
an enduring and indissoluble bond of union be-
tween the Atlantic and Pacific sections of the
country.
Entertaining these views, sir, I am prepared, as
I ever have been, to vote for almost any bill which
shall give us such a connection, whether it pro-
vide for one road, or for two roads, or for three
roads, and, as I trust, without a too pertinacious
regard as to any particular line or latitude of its
location. I say, let us, at all events, have a rail-
way connection between the valley of the Missis-
sippi and the coast of the Pacific, somewhere, and
within the limits of our own territories. While
I prefer, and shall vote for, the bill of the honor-
able Senator from Minnesota, if that fails I shall
still vote for the original House bill. I prefer that
to none at all. In my opinion, the question with
us is between one of these bills and no bill at all.
I repeat, the question with us is between one of
these bills, as it stands, without amendment or
modification in its details, and 110 bill at all for a
Pacific railroad.
I will say to the friends of a Pacific railroad,
if we bpgin with propositions of amendment in
respect to the details of the bill, whether in re-
gard to the termini of the road, in respect to the
line or lines of its direction, in respect to the
amount of lands or the amount of bonds appro-
priated, &c., there will be no reasonable hmit
to these propositions, and we shall run into an
interminable debate, and the bill will be sacrificed
and lost, as it was two years ago; not because the
House of Representatives may not concur in our
amendments, but because we shall not terminate
discussion here during the session. While there
is an undoubted majority of the members of thio
body in favor of some bill for a Pacific railroad,
it is not to be supposed that a majority, or even
any six members of the body, would be found to
agree that every provision, every minutia, every
detail of any bill whatever that could be presented
to us, was the best that could possibly be devised.
We must yield something of our opinions and our
preferences m regard to these minor questions of
detail, for the sake of the great measure itself, or
your bill is lost altogether. If we begin to amend
in this particular, so that the bill in all respects
shall conform to our own individual, personal
opinions and preferences, there will be no end to
amendments, but there will be an end to your bill.
I repeat, then, again, that the question with us
is,"between one of these bills as it is, and nothing;
or, in other words, whether we will take one of
these bills as it is, or have no bill at all. Both of
these bills, I believe, have been very well consid-
ered; their provisions are plain and easily under-
stood, and I doubt not, well understood by every-
body who desires to understand them. The
general question of a Pacific railroad, as presented
to us in bills at different times, and presented in
various forms, has been debated at length here,
at successive sessions for the last ten years. The
whole subject, in all its variety of forms and plans,
is well understood, I believe, by all of us, and by
the country. I trust, then, that we may come to
an early and a direct vote, first, upon the substi-
tute offered by the Senator from Minnesota,and,
if that fails, upon the original bill of the House,
as it stands. If neither of these bills, in their pres-
ent form, can command the vote of a majority of
this body, I have np expectation and no hope,
that any other bill, in any other form, can do so.
In these suggestions, I address myself particu-
larly to the friends of a Pacific railroad. The
opponents of such a measure in any form what-
ever, will, of course, if they please, avail them-
selves of the ordinary means of legitimate and
parliamentary tactics to defeat it. Of this we have
no right to complain. But, sir, I trust, without
offense, I may be allowed to express the hope
that the friends of this important measure, will
not defeat it, either by proposing a series of amend-
ments, or what is worst of all, by debating it to
the death, I promise them, at all events, that I
will not set the example.
Mr. PUGH. Mr. President, I am sorry that
