1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1213
heard here, I am sure no Senator would say that
the work ought not to be provided for. It is a
small matter, to be sure. It is the commencing of
a system that will cost a good deal of money; but
it is that kind of work that is proper, and ought
to be commenced now and continued to comple-
tion, for your whole coast north of San Francisco
is unprotected. Indeed, from San Francisco to
Puget Sound, there is no good entrance until you
get to the Columbia river; and, from that, none
until you reach Puget Sound, a distance of a
thousand, or twelve hundred miles, without fort-
ifications, without protection, without harbors,
exceptatthe points I mentioned, where there are
harbors, but no fortifications.
If the Senate could say with certainty that wc
would never have trouble, that no enemy would
ever approach our coast on that side, these fortifi-
cations would be entirely unnecessary. If they
could say the same as to ihe Atlantic coast, forti-
fications would be unnecessary on this side; but
we are m just as much danger of having invasion
or trouble on that side as we are on this. The sys-
tem of fortifications which has been commenced,
and is being prosecuted to completion, on this
side, is, in my opinion, right for the defense of
our coast* for the defense of our harbors, our sea-
port cities, and" towns; but not a bit more neces-
sary than on that side. This is the first appro-
priation of this kind that has ever reached this
stage of proceeding in the Senate, and I am not
sure that it will go through now. It is for the
good of the country that I desire it done. I do not
even want the credit or the reputation of having
obtained this appropriation. I do not want any
such foundationas that to stand upon. 1 desire to
do right for the country always; for Sandy Hook,
and for the mouth of the Columbia river; for Pu-
get Sound, and for fortifications alon« our north-
western coast. My purpose is to do right. 1
believe this appropriation is necessary. The rec-
ommendation of it is certainly very strong, and
if the Senate see proper to adopt, it, I think they
will act wisely; but m the piesent embariassed
condition of the Treasury, I shall not urge Sena-
tors to do anything that, in their judgment, is not
necessary. My judgment is that it is necessary.
Other Senators must judge for themselves.
Mr. FESSENDEN. One word 111 lepiy. The
Senator from Oregon speaks in a most proper and
catholic tone in iclation to the matter, and there-
fore I have no fault to find with him We debat-
ed tins matter a good deal at the last session. It
is the begmmngof a system that was inaugurated
then; and the Senate then came decidedly to the
conclusion that it was not.the proper tune to do it.
Now, 1 agree with him; 1 have always been for
liberal appropriations for coast defenses; and i
will go as far for California, Oregon, and Wash-
ington, as for any part of the coast of the United
States; but. sir, wc have not the slightest mason
at the present time, to apprehend a foreign war of
any kind or description. At the same time, un-
doubtedly, in peace fortifications must go on; but
the system has been to do it giadualiy as we had
the ability. Everybody knows that at the pres-
ent time, our ability is exceedingly small. We
are borrowing money at a loss every day to live
upon, to continue this Government; and when we
are doing that, with no sort of prospect of any
foreign difficulties, the idea which the Committee
on Finance had was, to do as little as possible,
and that what they did was only to be done upon
works that were begun, and m*process of being
constructed, and where to stop the woikupon
them would be bad economy. That was their
idea, with the exception of one or two, which, in
the present condition of the Treasury, it was
thought proper to hasten to completion as much
as possible,andthatunder advice,and then hardly
coming up to estimates which were made of the
amountof money necessary to bcexpended.
Under these circumstances, I appeal to the Sen-
ators upon the Pacific coast not to urge upon the
Treasury at this time what it cannot beat, merely
for the sake of beginning a year or two sooner,
instead of a year or two later, when such is the
condition of the population, so sparse as it is, that
any attempt to expend money m ifte erection of
wotks must necessarily be attended with a great
deal larger comparative expenditure than it would
be when we could obtain material on the spot m
consequence of the increased facilities afforded by
a larger population. I hope, therefore, the amend-
ment will not be urged. I voted against the ap-
propriation for the fortification of Sandy Hook,
which is almost at my own door; and why?.
Simply because 1 believed that, m the present state
of things, it would be most unwise to begin new
works anywhere under any circumstances.
Mr. BAKER. I have no doubt that the Senator
from Oregon is actuated by the best motives in the
world in desiring this appropriation. The reason
why I shall not press it is not because I do not ac-
cord with hisgeneral view,but because I am obliged
to agree to what has been said by the Senator from
Maine; and for one other reason: the protection
which we want there is an immediate protection
upon our eastern frontier. Having no particular
relations with the Administration or the Depart-
ment at this session of Congress, I have not sup-
posed it within my province to get a recommenda-
tion from them for such an appropriation as, in
my judgment, is emphatically needed there; but I
shall be happy to cooperate with the Senator from
Oregon, during the three or four remaining days
of the session, to induce cither the Department, or
some committee, to allow us to get an appropria-
tion to be specifically devoted to the defense of the
emigrants who will arrive on our frontier during
the next spring and summer; and 1 hope, that
being a thing on which we can agree, that by our
united efforts for that, if we fail to press an appro-
priation of this character, we may succeed; and to
that I shall, at least for two or three days to come,
bend my poor efforts.
Mr. LANE. I understand from the command-
ing officer on the Pacific coast that they are now
disposing all the troops along the emigrant train
m such a manner that another massacre will not
be likely to occur. They arc determined, if in
their power, to prevent any repetition of the out-
rages which have been committed. I hope they
may have success, and behove they will. Colonel
Wright, as an officer, feels mortified—as I or any
other man who loved the reputation of the Army
and the safety of our people would do—at the ac-
cident or massacre that did occur; but I think,
without any action here, with the force that is
under his command, we shall have the emigrant
routes so protected that Indian outrages will not
occur the ensuing season. Indeed, if my brother
.were going across the plains this year, I would
advise him that it would be safe, on account of
the arrangements that 1 am satisfied will bo made.
I iim very happy to find that theSenator feels the
importance of it. If I thought anything further
could be done, or an appropriation could be had,
if necessary, i would urge it upon the Senate.
1 will only say another word The works that
are provided for by this amendment, as I stated
before, I look upon as of very great importance,
indeed. It is true, wc now have peace, and I
hope we may always have peace; but it is not
certain that we shall always be at peace with other
Powers: and in our ex posed condition, if we should
j have war, our new country would be destroyed,
j This is to avoid that, and' to put it m a slate of
! defenst, so as to enable us to keep an enemy from
i our seaports, for we have not many. We have
1 only two to protect in twelve hundred miles. If
we can keep them out of those haibors, they
never could get inland to hurt the people. The
fact is, that we could whip any nation on the face
of the earth, if we get them m our fastnesses and
canons. We need ask no favor of anybody there;
!i but along our sea-roast it is not protected, it is
1' not fortified. I trust that this small appropriation,
!| which I look upon as so necessary and proper—as
ij it is the iast, at any rate, that 1 shall ever ask of
[\ the Senate, or of Congress, m any way, for the
;; protection of that coast—will be given to us by the
,i Senate.
j Mr. POLK. Will the Senator from Oregon
:! allow me to ask him a question'
jj Mr. LANE. Certainly.
'i Mr. POLK. I feel disposed to vote for this
j amendment; but it seems to me possibly there
: m.iy be one difficulty in the way. We know there
■ ' is a controversy between Great Britain and the
I United States as to the boundary line, upon what
1 suppose to be the region where these fortifica-
,, tions probably may be fixed. If the boundary
line should ran a few miles further east or west,
, that veiy thing might determine the propriety of
:! fixing a fortification at one point or at another.
i1 if we are to go on now and commence the fortifi-
!! cation at a given point, and afterwards it should
bo determined that our western line should run a
mile or five miles further west, then we might be
so many miles more inland than we ought to be,
and so many miles further from our western bor-
der, and therefore would not give the protection
that might be needed. I should like to know from
the Senator, whether the determining of the divid-
ing line between the United States and the British
possessions up there, will not affect the propriety
of the location offortificationsin reference to Puget
Sound?
Mr. LANE. Not in the slightest. The por- •
tion of the Straits of De Fuca, or the entrance to
Puget Sound, at which it is provided by this
amendment to select the sites for fortifications, lies
so far south of 49° that there never can be any
difficulty whatever. Then, as to the Columbia
river, nobody would mistake that. If this appro-
priation should be made, engineers will be sent
there to make reconnoissancesofthc proper points
at which to place fortifications in such a position
as would favor defense; and, I am happy to say
to the Senator, it can never interfere, in any way,
with any boundary difficulty between us and
Great Britain.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the adoption of the amendment to the amend-
ment.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I shall be glad to hear
it read.
The Secretary again read it.
Mr. LANE. I think we had better have the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BAKER. As 1 do not propose to vote for
the amendment, I desire to say, before the yeas
and nays are recorded, that I do not do it because
I intend to apply for an appropriation of $50,000
—if I can findacommittc<i.thatwill report it for me,
and I think I can—for the protection of the emi-
grants on the eastern frontier of California and
Oregon, who will arrive during next spring and
summer; and if we have to choose between these
different modes of expenditure, I think that the
most practicable; I think so, with great respect for
the opinions of the Senator from Oregon on this
subject, and without any desire to interfere with
him.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 14, nays 25; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. JJiglur, Olingman, Douglas, Fitch,
Hemphill, Johnson of Arkansas, Kennedy, King, Lane,
Latham, Polk, Powell, Rice, anfl Wilson—14.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Baker, Bingham, Cameron,
Chandler, Claik, Collamei, Crittenden, fhxon, Doolittle,
Durkee, Fessenden, Foot, Foster, Grimes, Hale, llarlan,
Morrill, Nicholson, Pearce, Simmons, Sumner, Ten Eyck,
WaUo, and Wilkinson—23.
So the amendment to the amendment was re-
jected.
Mr. LANE. I hove another amendment to
offer. It does not relate to Oregon; and in fact
I do not believe it is necessary; but still 1 am
instructed to offer it:
To enable the Secictaryof War to publish and distribute
to the militia of the United States thirty thousand copies
of the manual for parade* and review*, compiled by ln-
• pectov General Chuiehill, of the United Suites Army,
.$•7/,00.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
remark that that is not germane to the amend-
ment which the Committee on Finance proposes
now. The Senator had better offer it to some
other part of the bill.
Mr. LANE. I propose it as an additional
section.
Mr. PEARCE. Then it is not in order, be-
cause there is an amendment pending.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Committee on Finance,
as amended.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The bill is in Committee
of the Whole now, and I should like to know
what the effect will be when it comes in the Sen-
ate. Can we move to strike out an amendment
made to the amendment.'1
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
in the Senate will be on concurring in the amend-
ments adopted by the Committee of the Whole.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That makes the diffi-
culty.
Mr. LANE. I ask leave to withdraw that
amendment, and offer another from the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs, in reference to fortifica
tions.
