1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2 55
It is, in this point of view alone, an object of the
greatest magnitude,inseparable from oiirnational
existence, and our progress as a world Power.
We may enlarge on the commercial advantages
of such an iron artery; we may speak of the trade
of Europe and Asia, of which such a railway will
become the carrier; of the exchanges of the prod-
ucts of our own soil, which it will facilitate; of
the thousands and hundreds of thousands of acres
of wild lands which it will bring into cultivation;
of the vast mineral wealth which it will help to
explore, all, all that; but the great, statesmanlike
consideration, that which, in myliumble opinion,
outweighs all others, is, that it is essential to our
unification, to the reintegration of our vast na-
tional domain, to the redemption of ourgreatem-
pire on the Pacific from its present colonial posi-
tion.
As long as we are separated from you by deserts
and mountains, as long as the greater portion of
our traveling people, in going to and returning
from California and Oregon, have to traverse for-
eign countries and seas, we lack that continuity
of power and influence necessary to the fall en-
joyment of possession. And if this be true in
time of peace, how would the case stand in time
of war? Would the Pacific States, in ease of such
a calamity, not be obliged to rely mainly on their
own resources for all immediate purposes of de-
fense? "Would not, in this case, California and
Oregon, as far as concerns the General Govern-
ment, be lost possessions? And would not the
inability to lely for assistance on the General
Government destroy that national feeling and that
unity which, in time of danger, is the essencc of
patriotism ?
We must preserve the continuity of our terri-
tory, if tlie same national sentiments, the same
attachment to ourGovernmcut, the samedcvotion
to our institutions, and the same fraternity of feel-
ing shall pervade us all; and this union of feeling,
of interest, of attachment to a common cause, can-
not exist as long as we are separated from one
another by distances to overcome which three
times the number of days is required which it
takes to reach the continent of Europe. An ab-
solute ruler, like the Emperor of Russia, may con-
trol his subjects spreading from one continent to
another; but a free Government like ours requires
constant interchange of thought, and an actual
commingling of the people, to perform its func-
tions, and to fulfill its mission.
The present condition of the Pacific States in
regard to our Confederacy is abnormal, and so is
the condition of the Atlantic States reciprocally.
Our mutual attachment is traditional rather than
actual; it is based on our common origin; butthe
children who are born and grow up on thatcoast
maynot cherish the same family ties, and, m their
comparative isolation, devote themselves to sep-
arate interests. A second or third generation from
us will be unwilling, as I hoard a learned Senator
say, " to come six thousand miles, through a for-
eign country, to learn how to be governed."
It is to prevent this gradual alienation of senti-
ment; this growing diversity of interests in State
and national aftairs; this impossibility of acting
in concert in times of great national calamities,
which, more than all other national considera-
tions, ought to prompt Congress to accelerate, by
all legal and constitutional means, the construc-
tion of a railway to the Pacific.
Looking upon this as sufficient to justify so
great a national enterprise, I am far from under-
rating its military and commercial impoitance.
Theie are still considerations necessarily involv-
ing the questions of commerce, and the more urg-
ing one of military defense, which peremptorily
challenge the attention of legislators, and of the
whole country.
1 have already said that in time of war with
any considej able maritime Power, California,Or-
egon, and Washington Terntoty, in their present
condition, would bo lost possessions; because,
without direct communication with the mainline
of defense no position can be held, against an
enemy in force. Neither can we hope, in a war
with a great montnvic Power, that the isthmus
routes will be kept open for the transpoitation
of our tronps and military stores; for though the.
Central American States might preserve then neu-
trality, they would still be liable to capture on the
way. The eommunicati m with Cnhiornia by
land, through our own territory is the only reli-
able means of reinforcing our military posts, and
of rendering that Federal assistance to the Pa-
cific States which they have a right to claim at
our hands, and which we are bound to render
them by the terms of the Federal compact. That
this assistance would become necessary, cannot
for a moment be doubted. The geographical po-
sition of California, Oregon, and Washington
Territory, but especially of California, invites
aggression from an enemy. The continuity of the
Atlantic States, the facility with which Federal
troops or volunteers may be transported from one
city to another, the dense rural population con-
nected by railway with all those cities, render any
attempt to surprise, take, and hold any one of
(hem, not only hopeless, but rash and dangerous
to the most powerful invader. Thisdoesnotholdof
the golden State, separated from the center of our
population and power, and stimulating, as she will
ever do by her wealth and maritime advantages,
the cupidity and envy of other nations.
An isolated position may be held after it is
taken by an invading force, when the latter is sup-
ported by a fleet sufficientlypowerful to keeppos-
session of the sea-ports. With our small nucleus
of a Navjr, with the few national ships we have
in commission, and the constant rapid increase of
European navies, our main reliance for the pro-
tection of our territory must be the Army and
the militia, and the facility with which these may „
be directed from any point that may be threatened
to another, by means of steamboats andrail roads.
Destroy or dimmish our means of internal com-
munication, and there is not a harbor which may
not be insulted, and no city on either coast which
may not be sacked and burned. Our warlike pop-
ulation would be of little avail in the defense of
our common country, if it had not the power
of locomotion and concentration in considerable
masses. But there is not a harbor or a city on
our whole coast as much exposed to a foreign
Power as the city and harbor of San Francisco—
no point from which an enemy's fleet, after hav-
ing once taken possession, could with greater dif-
ficulty be dislodged. San Francisco is the capi-
tal of western America, of the whole western por-
tion of our continent, as New York is the capital
and commercial emporium of the whole eastern
shore; and its loss or destruction would be equal
to the fall of a kingdom. It would, with one fell
blow, rob us of our present supremacy on that
ocean which is destined to become the largest ear-
lier of international exchanges,and whose waters
will wash the shores of the mightiest empires. In
view of these dangers, to our already acquired
advantage, there is certainly just cause for alarm,
and for regarding a delay in the commencement
of a work which is so indispensable to our na-
tional safety, as unwise and unpatriotic.
Hence, the construction of the Pacific railway
by indirect Government aid is not only justified
by the clause of the Constitution which makes it
the duty of Congress to provide for the "national
defense;" but actually enjoined by every consid-
eration of common prudence and public duty.
Agreeing, upon this point, entirely with the able
arguments adduced, and clear exposition made
upon several occasions, by Mississippi's distin-
guished Senator, [Mr. Davis,] I may hope we
shall not differ as to the best plan for securing the
execution of the work.
As to the commercial advantages which must
result to the whole country from the construction
of a railway to the Pacific, they have been dwelt
upon and set forth with so much force by distin-
guished members on the floor of both Houses of
Congress, and by the press, that it is a work of
supererogation to expatiate upon them longer. Our
whole country cnte'-tams but one opinion on the
subject; and the commeicial world shaies that
opinion with us. There is no thinking man who
does not foresee a completecommerciahevolution
from its completion, and who does not look upon
it as inevitable.
Having nothing to add in this respect, ! can-
not refrain from remarking that, as the civilized
world expects us to build the road, all unneces-
sary delay in the execution of the woilc will be
charged to our want of capacity, to the lack of
that conciliatory spirit whit h is indispensable to
the accomplishment, by coneui rent efforts, of any
great design; and that the further postponement
of that national task diminishes our standing
among the great Powers of the world.
Mr. President, looking abroad we see the na-
tions of the old world gradually and unavoidably
drifting into a general struggle—a conflict of irrec-
oncilable principles—which not only threaten to
upset the public law as it now stands, but the
States themselves where it governs.
The cohesive attraction of nationality and
kindred is writing its protest in blood againstthe
arbitrary distribution of lands and peoples by
hereditary Princes; and it is impossible for the
public law to be changed in one of those countries
without invalidating its force and application in
another. Happily for us, we have passed through
that ordeal, and have shaped our public law in
mutual accordance with reason and justice.
While old empires are crumbling and new
empires forming under controlling ideas, we may
ourselves enjoy tranquillity and peace, if we have
the wisdom, moderation, prudence, and strength
necessary to maintain cur neutrality. Our coun-
try becoming, meanwhile, the depository of vast
stores of wealth, our ships the carriers of Europe
and Asia as during the long wars of the first
French revolution.
But can we, without a railroad to connect the
Atlantic with the Pacific, hope to derive all the
benefits which must naturally flow from so ad-
vantageous a position? Assuredly not. The
commercial circuit round the world will not be
completed; free interchanges of commodities will
be impeded, as long as there is no adequate transit
from Europe to India, across the American con-
tinent. In case of a general war, the European
Powers would surely be interested in keeping that
transit open to their products and merchandise;
for the Mediterranean would become the great
theater of maritime war,and the Atlantic and Pa-
cific oceans the only seas comparatively free from
hostile cruisers. But it is not Europe alone which
is changing her political map and herinternational
law. Asia is in a state of revolution, from the
Black Sea to Japan, and it will require generations
before that old stage of the world-drama called
history, will again enjoy comparative rest. It is
not selfishness in us to profit by these events, any
more than it is selfishness in a young and vigor-
ous plant to thrive in the vegetable mold of pre-
ceding organizations. And it seems to me to be
the business oflegislators to foresee events, and to
shape their country's course to derive the greatest
advantages when they actually occur. Hence, I
say, let us improve the position and the hour, to
establish bonds of commerce, which, protected by
civilization and wise laws, shall invite the stranger
as well as protect the native, and which once es-
tablished and enjoyed, will not easily be aban-
doned for others, less secure or more difficult of
accomplishment.
But I have said there is no need of advocating
the construction of a Pacific railway on account
of its commercial importance; and my only object
in this digression was but to show that time is
pressing; that if we would derive all the advant-
ages expected from the road, we must be "up
and doing," not pausing with our arms folded till
events shall overtake us and find us unprepared
for our mission. .
We have a class of men in this country who
believe that there is no need of meeting the future;
that it is unwise to anticipate the growth of civ-
ilization and commerce; that the road when actu-
ally needed will be built by private enterprise.
There are even those who believe that the road
will never be remunerative, and that its cost will
not be in proportion to the advantages which the
whole countiy will derive from it.
To all these it may be said that the advantages
which the community derives ftoni a railway, are
not in proportion to the dividends paid on the
capital stock, nor to the rates its bonds and shaies
are quoted in the market; and that the very doubt
which exists-in the minds of speculators in regard
to the remuneration of the enterprise in its incip-
ient stages, is the reason why the Government
should take it under its protecting wing, and aid
it by such moans as the Constitution may place
at its disposal.
Congiess cannot change the cupidity of specu-
lators; it cannot prevent capitalists from seeking
tempting investments; butit can ofterinducements
to capitabsts and speculators to engage in under-
takings which would otherwise be neglected or
entirely eschewed. Some of our own States, to
encourage railroad enterprises, have subscribed to
