256
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 5.
the capital stock; others have made loans or do-
nations to private companies; while a few have
themselves become part, owners of ihe roads.
A similar policy has been pursued in Europe,
where the Governments, in some instances, have
guarantied the payment of a certain rate of inter-
est on the capital stock, on condition that the
road, after a certain number of years, shall revert
to the State.
We are, fortunately, in many-respects richer
than any European Government, and able to
afford much substantial aid without increasing
the charges of our Government or the burdens of
the people. We have a vast domain whose value
depends entirely on the use which we make of it,
and of which wc may dispose, with reasonable
care and prudence, for the benefit of the whole
country.
Such aid, it is believed, would be amply suffi-
cient to secure the building of the road; it remains
for us only to determine the mode and measure
of its application.
This leads, naturally, to the consideration of
the constitutionality of the measure—a subject
on which many representatives in both Houses,
mostly fiom the southern States,entertain more or
less conscientious scruples. I confess I entertain
no doubt on the subject; not, I can assure Senators,
because I have the honor to speak for one of the
Pacific States which may be supposed to derive
the greatest advantage, but because I think the
Constitution enjoins the duty on us to provide for
the "common defense" and the "general wel-
fare." Having shown, at the beginning of my'
remarks, that the construction of the Pacific rail-
way is necessary to the efficicncyand continuity
of the Union, it follows to every lover of the
country, and to every well-wisher to America and
to freedom throughout the world, that whatever
confirms and strengthens our Union is conducive
to the general welfare.
I believe it equally clear—if not from the few
remarks I have macte on the subject, from those
able arguments which have been made in Con-
gress—that the construction of the road is indis-
pensable to our national defense, and as such, a
proper subject for Federal legislation. And I
maintain further, that, even under the head of
" commercial regulations," the Federal Govern-
ment ougfft to reserve to itself a certain control
over the road, which it cannot do without con-
tributing by some meansto its construction. The
transportation of the mails, of troops and military
stores, ought at no time, and at no place, to de-
pend entirely on the kind of bargain which the
Government may be able to drive with individ-
uals or private companies, but to be regulated as
far as possible by the law, which should place
the disbursements of the different departments of
the Government, as far as practicable, beyond
contingencies that may prove embarrassing to the
Treasury.
In the old States, the period for making such
arrangements has passed, but in the new States
and Territories they are still practicable—in the
former, by means of concessions and legislative
enactments of thoseStatcs; in thelattei, by Federal
legislation. 1 am not a latitudmarinn in the con-
struction of the Constitution of the United States,
but it is my firm conviction that the authority for
aiding in the construction of the Pacific railway,
for the purpose of securing the transportation of
the United States mails and of troops and military
stores at all times, at certain fixed rates, may
be legitimately deuved from almost any power
granted to Congress by the Federal Constitution,
especially from the duty imposed upon it to pro-
vide for the United States mail service. The ful-
fillment of that duty necessarily implies the choice
of moans and the mode and time of compensation,
which may either be in advance or on completion
of the service; either in money or its equivalent
in lands, as may be found most advantageous to
the public.
In treating of this subject,and especially at this
time, it is agreeable, as well as wise, to reflect,
Mr. President, that in the forming of our Federal
Constitution little or no attention wa-i paid to the
mode of acquiring new territory, cither by pur-
chase or conquest, consequently no mention is
made as to the manner in which those Territories
shall share the benefits of our Federal system, as
well as the privilege of independent States. Ail
our legislation on this subject has been ex neces-
sitate rci. It is acrtsits omissus in the Federal Con-
stitution; and we must supply the deficiency as
best we may, and ought, and can, fraternally.
The right to annex territory seems to flow natur-
ally from the war-making power. The power to
make war implies the right of conquest, and the
right of conquest necessarily implies the right of
taking possession of and retaining the conquered
territory.
But the territory thus conquered and retained,
must, according to the genius of our institutions,
be placed on the same footing as all other territory
of the United States—the joint property of all the
States.
On this principle we have heretofore actcd;
and there is no good or sufficient reasons why we
should depart from it now. We are bound to pro-
tect the new States and Territories thus founded
from time to time; and we owe them a govern-
ment. Asaprinciple of American statesmanship,
we must endeavor to assimilate the new popula-
tions as soon as possible to the population of the
old States, which cannot be accomplished by the
simple introduction of similar laws and political
institutions; but requires also, as I have before
stated, constant interchange of thought, and fre-
quent contact with the people of the old States.
Homogeneity is an element of political power;
and similarity of thought and feeling are essen-
tial to the harmonious action of our political sys-
'tem. However rigorously the Federal Consti-
tution may be construed in its application to the
old States, the powers granted by it cannot but
be invoked beneficially when their exercise tends
to assimilate and harmonize the institutions and
peoples of distant Territories.
The new case which is presented by this rail-
road bill, could not have been foreseen by the
framers of the Constitution; and all our action in
relation thereto, must be dictated by enlarged
views rather than by the necessarily contracted
form of abstractlaw. The means employed must
be proportionate to the object; while all legisla-
tion on the subject ought to be regarded as rather
supplementary than immediately derived from the
Federal compact. The old plea of a tc dangeious
precedent" and the " invasion of established land-
marks," can have no application. For the case
here presented is an isolated, exceptional one, so
peculiarly specific in its nature, that there is no
other part of the habitable globe which we may
acquire and annex to which it could possibly find
another application.
I therefore repeat, it is my conviction that there
is scarcely any power conferred on Congress by
the Constitution, which could not be legitimately
construed so as to justify Federal legislation in
aid of so great a national entei prise. But, if I am
mistaken in this view, and the " constitutional-
ity" of this bill admits of any doubt, then it is no
small consolation to know that, in the ordinary
course of human and natural events, it is not
likely to be repeated, and that the immediate
good of which it will be productive will not be
counteibalanced by its misapplication to future
cases.
The next question is, how and in what manner
shall Congress aid in the construction of a rail-
way to the Pacific? There is not a Senator on
this floor who believes that the work ought to be
undertaken by the Government alone; and it is
needless, therefore, to combat a proposition which,
after the experience we have had m Government
works, is not seriously entertained by any mem-
ber of either House. No Government can com-
mand labor as cheap as private individuals; neither
can it take the sanieadvantage of the market. Be-
sides, Government is not always the best admin-
istrator of property, and its responsibility cannot
be fixed with the same degree of certainty as that
of a private individual.
It is better for the Government, therefore, that
a private company undertake the work, offering
that company such inducements and encourage-
ments, m the shape of conditional donations of
lands and Government contracts for the trans-
portation of the mails, of troops, and militaiy
stores, as may be sufficient to insure its final
completion. Such a mode of procedure avoids
many constitutional objections, and is more prac-
tical than any other plan which has yet been pro-
posed. The present bill under consideration, re-
ported by Mr. Curtis, of Iowa, chairman of the
select committee of the House, has these provis-
ions; and 1 am ready to give it my hearty support,
without amendments, trusting to experience to
provide such supplementary legislation as may
be found ncccssary.
In time we can see where evils grow up, and
correct them. I would here say to my friend
from Ohio, [Mr. Pugh,] that he could not draft
a bill, with all his legal ability, which would not
be found defective in some respect, before it had
been in operation a year. We certainly do not
part with ail our power over the subject the mo-
ment the bill passes. We have the right 
Mr. FESSENDEN. Will the Senator allow
me to ask him a question ?
Mr. LATHAM. Certainly.
Mr. FESSENDEN. As I understand, bills of
this nature are in the chai acter of a contract. The
Senator says that we can have supplemental legis-
lation, if we only pass the bill, by which to right
all these things. Now, I ask him, as a lawyer,
to tell me—because that is a difficulty that operates
upon my mind—what right shall we have to pass
any bill hereafter affecting this in any degree
whatever, after it has once gone into operation?
We cannot touch rights that arise under it, as I
understand it, in any way, either in general or in
detail. We can change nothing, as the bill stands
now. If he will add to it a provision retaining
the power in Congress to legislate hereafter as it
may deem expedient, then it may be done; but I
want to know how it can be done without some
such provision.
Mi\ BRAGG. If the Senator will allow me, I
wish to make a suggestion in that connection.
Theie is but one passage in the bill that refers to
that subject, and that is: in case the corporation
contemplated in the first part of the bill, fail to
perform their work, and it is to be done by a sub-
sequent corporation coming in their place, there
is a provision that Congress may legislate as to
this subsequent corporation, but not as to the
first one.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I am speaking as the bill
stands now. When the corporation named get
possession under this bill, if it passes into an act,
i want to know what possibility there is to touch
it in any shape or form?
Mr. BRAGG. I agree with the Senator en-
tirely. I merely wished to state that there was
only this one provision: that if the first corpora-
tors named should fail to perform the work, and
subsequent parties should do it, then Congress
may legislate as to those subsequent parties.
Mr. LATHAM. 1 understand the questions.
My answer is simply this: So far as the giving
of geneial privileges to the company, I suppose
the Government will have passed away its inter-
est; it will give to it vested rights which no sub-
sequent legislation can change. But I do not im-
agine that we have not the power to make any
subsequent legislation which may be required to
correct such abuses as time may show, violating
the spirit and intent of the bill.
Why ? In one section of the bill there is a pro-
vision that the officers must report its condition
annually to the President of the United States,
which may show abuses that may require supple-
mentary legislation.
I do not apply this to the lands or creditsgiven
by the Government. 1 merely speak of the man-
agement of the company in securing the groat end
to be attained by the bill. If other Senaors say
that there is no such security in the hill, I would
certainly vote for such an amendment, no matter
what might be the fate of the bill; because, with-
out it, a great door to fraud would be opened, and
my constituency would, in the end, be gteat suf-
fercis by a total failure of the work.
But to proceed. I want to see Congress make
such liberal offers of aid as shall induce respect-
able capitalists, and not mere speculators by pro-
fession, to take hold of the enterprise and to com-
plete it without coming before Congress for addi-
tional grants, which we might be obliged to vote
for, if we would not lose what wc may have ap-
propriated in furtherance of the work. Fully as
many frauds may be committed by giving public
contracts to the lowest bidders, as by giving them
to named corporators. In this project, where the
main point to be secured is the performance of
the work in a creditable manner, it would not
seem, therefore, good policy to invite proposals;
but the Government itself should select the most
enterprising and responsible men, whose reputa-
