1216
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 26.
gasecl in any Indian campaign were more entitled
to "them than those from Minnesota and Iowa.
The Senator from Minnesota, who is familiar
with the history of this transaction, can explain
it to the Senate more lucidly than 1 can, probably.
Mr. RICE. I am obliged to the Senator from
Iowa for inserting Minnesota. I have only one
word to say, and that is m regard to a matter
which was brought almost personally to my at-
tention. There was one company of volunteers
called out there, because they heard that a diffi-
culty was expected with some Indians. They
went out, got into a cornfield, and, I believe,
killed one Indian; and one soldier, perhaps, was
shot. They came home. They were gone some
three or four days, and got pay for it; and if liiat
does not entitle them to land warrants, I do not
know what does. [Laughter.]
Mr. GRIMES. Thaus not the case of the sol-
diers from Iowa. They were in actual seivice—
were making a journey, or campaign, in military
phraseology, and were out from their homes at
least two months, and they suffered very great
hardships. Some of them were actually lost—
frozen to death.
Mr. MORRILL. None shot!
Mr. RICE. I did not know that the Senator
from Iowa wished me to explain in regaid to Iowa;
I beg pardon. After Ink-pa-du-tah had attacked
the settlement there and killed forty or fifty, he
fled to the plains. The Governor of Iowa did
call out some troops, and they did go snmewiu le
ill the northern portion oftluit State, and did en-
camp, and were weil fed and well paid 1 think
they stayed there for a week or two; but if they
ever saw an Indian, I have no knowledge of it.
Mr. GRIMES. They sawtheirtracks. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. RICE. Yes; but that is all they did see.
They did not fire a gun at anybody, and nobody
fired a gun at tliem. [Laughtei.] I am \eiv
happy to aid the Senator from Iowa.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Iowa tu
the amendment of the Senator from Oregon.
Air POLK. I suggest that thut is liable to be
cut off by the rule which requires thai such amend-
ments should be recommended by (lie bead of a
Department, or come from a committee.
Mr. GRIMES. It does not appropriate any
money.
Mr. POLK. It is to <*ive land warrants. I
wish to make a point of ordei.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Clark in
the chair.) The amendment of the Senator from
Iowa is to add to the amendment of the Senator
from Oregon:
And the citizen^ of Imva filled into actual M'lvice to
repel the hostile tnonr<iou of the Sioux bulling m the years
1857, IKiS, and 1K 9, be, and they are heieby, entitled to
tiie bcnelit.s of thi.-s m etion.
Mr. LANE. I am inchncd to think the Sena-
tor from Iowa was not sinceio in attempting to
emhurraa^ a vety proper amendment 
Mr. GRIMES. I withdiaw it.
Mr. LANE. Lotus haveavote on ihnamend-
ment oft'eied by the Committee, on Military Af-
fairs. The amendment is a just one, and a pioper
one, and ou^ht to he adopted; and, if Senators
will (ieal justly by our people, they will adopt it.
I will not take up time. I have several amend-
ments to ofier.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will simply observe,
that this is a mete attempt to put on the military
appropiiation bill a new bounty land bill for
everybody who has been engaged in Indian wars
on the Pari fir coast. It is manifestly improper.
If we pass it here, we shall onlv lose the bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Clark.)
The question is on the amendment offered by the
Senator from Iowa to the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Ote^on.
Mr. GRIMES. I have withdrawn that.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question,
then, is on Hie amendment offered by the Senator
fi"in Oregon. On this question, thy yeas and
navy have been ordered.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 14, nays 20; as follows:
YLAS—Mevj-rs-. oakf!. lhirlot,Hia^. llright. Chngman.
Gi eon, II. inphill, John-on o[ Aikan-a-., John-on <>' Tennes-
see. Lam.', Latham. X;eh<d-oii, Polk, and Sebastian—11.
\ \YS—M.'-o-rs. Anthony, Hmpham. Ciaik, Collamer,
Ci 'ten.inn. Di\on, Doohttl". Diekee.' Fe^enden, Font,
i o-rei,GumHale.Harlan, Kenned), K.uig, Ma.on.Moi-
rill, Pcaree, Rice, Sewaid, Simmons, Sumner, Ten Eyck,
Thomson, Trumbull, Wade, Wilkui.>on, and Wilson—29.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. LANE. 1 hare another amendment that
I have been directed by the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs to offer, i will say, in offering this,
that I believe it is just. It is for the payment of
outstanding coupons upon the debt that Califor-
nia incurred in suppressing Indian hostilities, and
which debt was assumed by the General Govern-
ment by act of Congress; but the appropriations
made did not pay entirely the debt and interest,
and this is to provide for paying the balance:
For the payment of the coupons outstanding and now un-
paid, accruing between the 1st day of January, 1854, and
the 16th day of Augu&t, 1856, upon the bonds of the State
of California issued for the payment of expenses incurred
in the suppression of Indian hostilities prior to the 1st day
ot January, 1854, the redumption of which bonds was au-
thorized bv act* of Congi ess of August 5,1854, August 18,
1856, and June 523, I860, $177,196 *23; said coupons, upon
being cei tilted by the Third Auditor ol the Treas-ury to be
those designated by this section, to be paid by the Seere
taiy of War to the holder or holders thereof.
Mr. PEARCE. Several years ago, Congress
appropriated over $900,000 to pay these war
debts, with a stipulation, if I recollect aright, that
that should be the whole amount.
Mr FESSENDEN. 1 ask if that is not a pri-
vate claim. Is it admissible here at all?
Mr. PEAIICE. I incline to think it is a pri-
vate claim. I really do not know what these
coupons can be, because we appropriated a sum
sufficient, as we supposed, to extinguish the debt,
or, at all events, a sum that was to be paid to the
State of California in lieu of those bonds which
she had issued for this purpose. I suppose the
State of California, who accepted them, has paid
to the parties either the whole of their claims or
thesrpro rata out of the appropriation made by Con-
gress; and certainly it is very improper, it seems
to me, now to come fjack to Congress, after we
made what was intended to be, and was accepted
as, a final settlement, for the payment of these
coupons. However, this is a private claim. It
seems to be intended for the benefit of particular
parties who hold coupons. The payment is not
to be made to the State of California. If it is a
private el.inn, if is out of order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Oregon.
Mr. KING. This amendment is reported by a
majority of the committee.
Mr. "FESSENDEN. There is a question of
order* whether it u not a puvate claim.
Mr. LATIIAM. If it is m order, I should like
to make an explanation in regard to this amend-
ment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have raised a question
whether it is not a private claim.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Clark m
the chair.) The Chan did not understand the
Senator from Maine to raise a question of order,
but to inquire of the Senator from Maryland if it
was nut so.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 raise the point of order.
The PRESIDIMGOFFICER. The Chair will
submit that question to the Senate.
Mr. LATFIAM. Then, I ask the consent of
the Senate to make an explanation merely before
that is done.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It can be done
by the consent of the Senate.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 havy no authority to
vaiy the iule uf the Senate; but if nobody else
objects, I shall not.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chan-
hears no objection. The Senator may proceed.
Mr. LATHAM. In 1854 Congiess passed a
law appropriating the sum of $9~4,259 65 to pay
expenses incurred in Indian wa:s in California
prior to the 1st day of January, ]^54. This was
an amendment to the Indian appiopriation bill.
For Indian wars which had occunud prior to Jan-
uary 1, 1854, the State of California had issued
its bonds, with coupons, at the rate of twelve per
cent, interest, and others at seven per cent, per
annum. Congress made an appropriation to pay
these bonds. That was the amount computed by
the executive officer of that State up to that pe-
riod; and if the money, after it was appropriated
i by Congress, had been paid out of the Treasury,
; there woul 1 have been an entire liquidation of the
! debt; but so far from that being the case, the
J Tteasury Department refused to pay this amount
I of money. It lay in the Treasuiy from the 6th
of August, 1854, up to the 18th of August, 1856,
when a supplemental law was passed directing the
Secretary of the Treasury more specifically to
pay these bonds and the interest.
Now, this appropriation covers the interest
between the 1st of July, lb54, and the 18th of
August, 185G. This claim came from the neglect
of the Government; it refused to pay the money,
and the parties who held the bonds, the interest
having accumulated, now claim it at the hands of
the Government. I wish to say, also, that while I
regard it as a just claim against the Government,
because the Government refused to pay the money,
and allowed it to lie in the Treasury and the in-
terest to accumulate, yet, inasmuch as my State
has been here so often praying for payment of
California war debts, there is not a citizen in the
whole State, so far as I know, (at least, no appli-
cation has ever been made to myself or any of my
colleagues, in behalf of this proposition,) that is
interested one dollar in it. These bonds are held
1 by citizens in the cities of Baltimore, Philadelphia,
' and New York, and your eastern cities, where
these bonds were distributed and sold. I ask that
a letter of the Third Auditor, which explains it
more fully than I can, be read by the Clerk, and
then the Senate will understand the ease probably
better than I have explained it.
Mr. POLK. Allow me to inquire what was the
amount that Congress paid on the California war
debt?
Mr. LATHAM. I have stated specifically the
amount—$924,259 65.
Mr. BRIGHT. If the Senator will allow me,
I think his statement is accurate as far as it goes;
but he omits to state that all the amount of the
appropriation asked for by the amendment pro-
posed by the Military Committee is for interest
accruing upon the debt provided for by the ori-
ginal appropriation.
Mr. LATHAM. I stated that.
Mr. BRIGHT. I think there was a part of the
debt for which the vouchers had been filed with
the comptroller of the State, but the bonds had
not been actually issued at the time the appropri-
ation of $924,000 was made; but the amount of
the appropriation asked for by the Military Com-
mittee is to pay unpaid coupons. There was a
difficulty, as the Senator from California will rec-
ollect, between the State of California and the
General Government as to whether the money
should be paid to the State of California, and she
disburse it, or whether it should be paid to the
then holders of the bonds at the Treasury here.
While they were discussing that question, and
before they agreed, the amount accumulated that
is named m the amendment in the form of interest,
together with a subsequent allowance upon vouch-
ers that had been filed in the comptroller's office,
and upon which bonds afterwards issued. I have
a very distinct recollection of the facts, for the
reason that the chairman of the Committee on Fi-
nance directed me to prepare the amendment
which appropriated the $924,000.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secretary
will read the letter which was sent up by the Sen-
ator from California.
The Secretary read it as follows:
Treasury Dfpvrtmfnt,
Third Auditor's Oyficv, Febiuauj 5. 1861.
Sir . In leply to your letter of the 24th ultimo, mqmung
what amount of bonds and coupons, which wen; issued
: J by the State of California lot the' pa\ ment of expense* in-
/ emied in the* -uppie^sion oflndiau hostilities, theiedctnp-
I' turn of which \\a- contemplated by the act- of Coujjrfsts
! | p i-5-cl Augu>r 5,1854, and August 18,1856, now remain out-
1 rttiinlmir and unpaid, the interest computed ujd to the pa<-
i ot tin.-1 e t named act,*' I have the honor to Mibiuil the
j lollowmg statement:
| The act ot Augns-t 5. 1854, authorized the Secietaiy of
Win to cvanune into and a>ceiiain the amount of expenses
nicurted, and now actually paid,by the State of Culiloinia
in the >-u|)pie^.<ion ot Indian hostilities, pnor to tie: lM day
ot Januarv. 1854. and that the amount oFexpenso. w hen =o
ascertained, should bn paid into the tiea-airy ol said State,
piovtded that the sum -jo paid -.halJ not exceed the Mim ot
,s ,yj4,,j">9 65, which amount was theieby apptopuated.
No payment having been made undei tin* act, by act of
Ausru-t 1^, it was directed th.it p.nnif nt should be
made to the '• holder ot the boiuK" issued by the State
J pr.oi to Januaiv 1, 1*55. si:d pavnu nt not to exceed the
1 lotiner appiopnation. f'nder fin- !a-t named act, bonds
' have linen puu bv the I'ti.toJ Sr.it-" a - foi.uwv
, Bond.- b's'ii mg twe|u> and m-v en oi-i e.-nt .... <751,650 00
1 nte km theie.-ni ep to Ja.nt ml, l-M-i, Tied hv "
, tiie I'mted Slate- ". ". 119.197 03
Total 
 $031.11- 38
riiere would thus appear a balance uo the ciedd of the
