THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGEESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. 0.
Thirty-Sixth Congress, 2d Session.
"WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 27, 18G1.
New Series No. 77.
appropriation to the amount of §23,112 27, which would
cover all the outstanding bonds of said issue which have
not been presented tor payment, together with interest
theieon until the 1st ot'January*, 18o4, as was paid on those
redeemed. But out of this balance there has been drawn
$10,350, in payment of certain bonds issued subsequent to
the 1st of Januaiy, 1854; payment of-which was authorized
to be made by the Secretaiy of War^ by the fourth section
of the act " making appropnationx tor the legislative, ex-
ecutive, and judicial expenses of Government for the year
ending 30th of June, 1861," approved June 23, 1860; thus
reducing the balance now to the credit of the appropria-
tion to $1*2,762 27; and this is liable to be still fuithor re-
duced by the presentation of bonds under the last-named
act, and m this way the outstanding bonds of the iormer
series may become totally unpiovxded tor.
In reply to the inquiry as to the amount of coupon*? " still
outstanding atid unpaid, computing interest up to the 18th
ot August, ISob, I have before remat ked that, as interest
has only been paid on the bonds till 1st January, 1834—that
beingab tar as the appiepilation would cover—there would,
theietore, be an interval of two years, seven months, and
eighteen days, ttie coupons for which have not been paid
bv the United States ; the interest for this period of tune,
at the rates beloic specified, would amount to the sum of
§177.196 23
i am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,
It. J. ATKINSON, Auditor.
Hon. W. M. Gwin, United States Senate.
Mr. BRAGG. Mr. President 
Mr. FESSENDEN. I would suggest to the
Senator from North Carolina to let us take the
question as to whether the Senate will entertain
the amendment. It may save a great deal of de-
bate. In my judgment, it is perfectly clear that
it is a private chum. These coupons? belong to
private individuals. They call for an appropria-
tion. If it is out of order, it is not worth while to
discuss the merits of it. The explanation made
by the Senator from California shows that it is a
private claim. It must he perfectly palpable.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
will be: " Shall the amendment of the Senator
from Oregon be received, under the point of order
made by the Senator from Maine?"
The amendment was not received.
Mr. LANE. I have two other amendments.
Here is one, to come in after line two hundred
and sixty-two;
To enable the Secretary of War to publish and distribute
to the militia of the United States thirty thousand copies of
the manual for parade^ and rc\ lews, compiled by Itn-pfctor
Geuoial ChmcluiL of the United States Army, $7,500.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to have an
explanation of that. We made an appropriation
last year for purchasing books very extensively
for the use of the Army.
Mr. PEARCE. It was recommended by the
Military Committee, but was stricken out finally.
Mr. FESSENDEN. This, it seems, is for the
publication of a book.
Mr. LANE. This is for the public; not for the
benefit of the compiler, but for the benefit of the
scrvicc. It has been thought to be very important
to place in the hands of the Army, and of the
mihfia all over the country, this useful compila-
tion, made up by one of the oldest and best offi-
cers in the Army. It has been recommended and
estimated for. I believe it would promote the
efficiency of the mihtia,and that it would be use-
ful m the Army; but as it might look to war, and
I am opposed to that; as it might increase the
efficiency of the militia, and 1 do not know about
that, I am not right certain that it ought to pass,
though I voted for it in committee, and feel in-
clined to vote for it here. If Senators think it
ought not to pass, I shall join them in that senti-
ment with a great deal of pleasuie. I have no
feeling on the subject at all. It would do good in
one sense, and it might do great harm m another.
I am not sure which would be the effect; and there-
fore I am willing that it shall go one way or the
other, just as the Senate choose.
Mr. BAKER. 1 do not think it is a matter of
a great deal of consequence at this precise junc-
ture to press this amendment. I rather agree with
my colleague that it is not very important, and
perhaps it ought not to pass. I hope it is a good
deal with that book as old General Root was with
the militia. Some militia captain was making a
speech, and he gave a toast about the militia, and
got as far as—" the militia of the State of New
York, may they never want"—"and," said old
77
Root," may they never be wanted." [Laughter.]
I think a great deal bothofthemilitiaand the book;
but we do not want the one, and I hope the other
never will be wanted.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. LANE. I have one other amendment. It
is the last which I have; and I hope my friend,
the honorable Senator from Maryland, will not
raise the question of its being a private claim. It
is a very just thing, and ought to be adopted. It
is to insert as an additional section:
And be it further enacted., That the Secretary of War is
hereby authorized and requited to pay to the board ot three
Auny offtceia appointed under the bixth section of the act
appiovcd the 31&t of Augu-t, 1852, for the adjudication of
California claims, such sum of money, for and during their
term of two years and seven months service, as he may
deem reasonable and just- Provided, That the same shall
not exceed $1,500 per annum to each.
Mr. PEARCE. I raise a qi±estion of order on
that. The proposition was before the Committee
on Finance; and we ruled it out because it was
manifestly a private claim. There is no law au-
thorizing the allowance; but there is a mere re-
quest that, in conformity wuh two or three cases
which were said to be analogous, we should give
these parties the money they applied for. It may
be all very proper; but not in tins form or shape.
It is in the nature of a private claim to pay extra
compensation to officers who acted upon a board
for the adjudication of some military claim in Cal-
ifornia. There is no law that provides it; and it
is therefore a private claim.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Maryland raises the point of order that this
amendment is to provide for a private claim.
Mr. LANE. If I could be allowed to discuss
it, I could show its justice.
The PRESIDING OFF1CER. The Chair will
submit the question to the Senate.
The Senate refused to receive the amendment.
Mr. BAKER. I am directed by the Commit-
tee oil Public Lands to report the following amend-
ment as an additional section to the bill:
Jhxd be itjurthcr enacted, That for the protection of em-
igrants on the ovoiland touted between the Atlantic .slope
and the Oregon and Washington frontier, the sum of
$50,000 1-j hereby appropriated, out of any money m the
Tiea>ury riot othci wise appiopuated, u> be expended undci
the duection of the Seeiet.uy of Wai, if, in Ins judgment,
the satne may be necessaiv.
Mr. POLK. From,what committee docs that
come ?
Mr. BAKER. The Committee on Public
Lands.
Mr. PEARCE. It seems to me that the Com-
mittee on Public Landrf has extended its jurisdic-
tion rather further than the Senate ever expected
it would do. The Committee on Public Landsare
not charged with making appropriations of this
sort. It docs not conic with any propriety from
that committee.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I suggest to
the Senator from Maryland that the public lands
lie all along that route, and they are entirely un-
protected.
Mr. PEARCE. The Committee on Public
Lands arc not charged with t!ie military defenses
of the country. I submit that jf is not in order.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I am not ad-
vocating: the amendment; I do not expect to have
any occasion to move along that loute; but it
strikes me that, as it is a route where all the lands
are public lands, it js proper tor that committee to
take charge of it; and when I was spoken to in
regard to it, I thought it might be well enough to
protect these people Some people of my State
went out there, and were all murdered, but the
women and children; and I am satisfied that thing
is going on yet. I believe, if the Senator fiom
Maryland were to look into it, he would not have
much objection. The condition of the country
makes him rather delicate about it, and I think
he would support it und'T other circumstances.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is upon agreeing to the amendment ollerecl by the
Senator from Oiegon, [Mr. Bakf.r.]
The question being taken on the amendment,
resulted—ayes 17, noes G; no quorum voting.
Mr. CLINGMAN. If the question" be sub-
mitted again, I think there -will be found to be a
quorum in the Senate.
Mr. PEARCE. I wish to ask the Senate
whether they are going to vote an appropriation
like this without any recommendation from the
Department, without any estimate, without any
satisfactory evidence of its necessity, and appro-
priate it upon the recommendation of a commit-
tee not charged with such business, and which, I
beg leave to say, has gone beyond its proper ju-
risdiction in offering any such amendment. The
Committee on Public Lands are not appointed
for any such purpose; and it is a mockery of the
rules of the Senate and its organization.
Mr. BAKER. Mr. President, after the many
amendments which my colleague introduced, some
of which I supported with great pleasure, I do not
know but what I may have to say with Charles
II, when he was about dying. It took him a good
while,and being a very polite man, he apologized
to everybody around him. He said he knew he
was an unconscionable time in dying; but really
he could not help it. [Laughter.] About our little
Oregon State, 1 do not know; we may be a long
while in dying, but we cannot help it; and for my
own part in the matter, I can only say that I be-
lieve 1 have troubled the Senate with no motion
and no resolution this winter. I have felt it my
duty to vote against most of the appropriations
presented fur Oregon. I have just done so, reluc-
tantly, upon a fortification bill. I did so upon the
coast survey bill. I have done so upon many
measures which come very much home to my peo-
ple, because I did not think the condition of the
JTreasury and of the country justified them. In
the present matter, my judgment is all with it.
In the first place, the gentleman from Maryland
says that this measure is not within the jurisdic-
tion of the Committee on Public Lands. 1 believe
it is within the rule. It is not a question of juris-
diction. The rule is, that such an amendment may
be reported by a standing committee. That is
done. It is said that the Department had notesti-
mated for it. I think there is a plain reason. The
immediate necessity has becomeapparentbyaets
to which I once referred on the floor of the Sen-
ate, since the appropriation has been made out
Again: it is a mere precautionary measure. Iam
of opinion that no columns of troops which can
be put upon that frontier can prevent a repetition
of the terrible calamities which occurred last fall.
I know that our people have been massacred
within a very few miles of columns of regular
troops; and, m my best judgment, there is some-
thing wanting to fill up that gan.
Mr. PEARCE. Will the Senator pardon me
a moment, to ask whether he is a member of the
Committee on Public Lands himself?
Mr. BAKER. Well, sir, I need not say to the
gentleman who asked me the question lie knows
very well that I am not, and I am not aware, after
fourteen years' experience in legislative bodies,
that I have ever been on but one committee, being
always in the minority.
Mr. PEARCE. I submit, then, thatthe amend-
ment is outof orderon that ground. The Senator
not being a member of the Committee on Public
Lands, could not move an amendment from the
Committee on Public Lands. I think it can only
he done by one of the committee.
Mr. BAKER. I will submit to the honorable
gentleman if he heard what I said ? f said I was
directed, or rather allowed, to present the amend-
ment by a majority of the Committee on Public
Lands. The rule is that it is to be done with the
assent and cognizance of a committee. The mere
hand which does it is of very little consequence.
With great respect for the general conduct of my
friend, I beg leave to remark to him, that I tlnnlc
it is not very generous, after the uniform support
I have given to fortifications, to the Army, to the
Navy, to everything that comes on this coast. I
now come to him and say, ihe blood of our people
is concerned in this matter 
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Clark in
the chair.^ The Chair will remind the Senator
