258
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 5,
The argument u of deep snow,"so much writ-
ten about, is hardly worth a reply, as there is not
a railroad in any of our northwestern States, cer-
tainly not one in Canada, that does not, on the
return of each winter, undergo as many trials
from this much-exaggcratcd cause, as would any
of-the contemplated lines for the road; as it is
equally true that there is scarcely a railway in
Germany, none loading through the mountains of
Styria, Switzerland, and the Tyrol, which is not
occasionally covered with snow to the depth of
several feet, and which does not at times require
embankments of snow to be thrown up to the
height of eight or ten feet to allow a train to pass.
The French marshal, Lacourbe, lost some ten
thousand men on his march through the Tyrol
by ravines and precipices; yet, over such roads,
a railway is now constructed on which Austria,
during the last Italian campaign, in three days,
transported thirty thousand men, infantry, cav-
alry, and artillery, with horses, ammunition, and
cannon. If the Austrians, who are not the most
enterprising people in the world, can wind a rail-
way lialf a dozen times round a steep and barren
mountain, why should we, " who [as Mr. Web-
ster observed in his letter to Chevalier IXulseman]
cover so much more of the earth's surfacc," why
should we be unable to do the same thing in Amer-
ica? As the Sardinians undertake to tunnel the
Alps, why should we stand aghast at the mere
recital of obstacles which, aftef all, we may be
so fortunate as not to encounter?
The objection also made to the northern route,
as to its inutility in winter from the "extreme
severity" of the climate, is not worthy of reply,
except to remind Senators that it has not been
many years since he who went from the extreme
cast of our country, as it now is, to the valley of
the Ohio or Mississippi, was supposed to oiler
himself as a martyr (to the inhospitable climate)
in the advancing cause of our institutions. Cari-
catures were published, representing a man in
good condition, plump and fit, as the emigrant
going from New England to Ohio, and a lean and
gaunt-looking figure, shivering in rags and tat-
ters, as the emigrant returning from Ohio. The
valley of the Mississippi itself was a wilderness
guarded by phantoms of diie disease and diffi-
culty. Fertility and barrenness are relative terms,
and cannot, with the present means of fertiliza-
tion, be applied in an absolute sense to any coun-
try.
The last census of Russia shows a population
of upwards of four million in the inhospitable
regions of Siberia; and that a penal colony,gov-
erned by mihtaiy nile, and certainly not inviting
population. Yet even Siberia will have her rail-
roads before many years, as she now has her mil-
itary roads connecting the Pacific ocean with St
Petersburg!"!.
In this connection, one striking fact certainly
commands itself to our attention, as to the k< ex-
treme severity " alluded to above, to wit: that we
have now a semi-weekly " pony expess," m oth'T
words, an established northern route to the Pa-
cific, on which, notwithstanding the slow progress
of transportation as compared with steam, men
and animals live and do well, showing conclu-
sively that the physical conditions of that loute
are equal, at least, to any other advocated line.
Wo must not forget, Mr. President, that when
the noi thorn portion of this continent w as discov-
ered, the whole, of it was considered an inhospita-
ble region. ^ The very name," Canada,"is said to
bedetived from Spanish words signifying " where
there is nothing. It was, for a long time, con-
sidered doubtful whether Europeans could live
on this continent at all; Plymouth Rock, and even
Virginia, oftentimes despaired of success. The
exphuets of those days were no moie capable of
forming a correct estimate of thu value and ca-
pacity of our present soil than we ourselves are
now able to appieciate, at their full value, the
power ond magnificence of our western wilds one
or two centuries hence.
Tjus whole continent, Mr. President, seems to
bo much younger than either Asia, Africa, or
Europe, and to have been set aside by Providence
for (he greatest and noblest experiment in social
and political science. Atthe time ofits discovery
the domestic animals necessary to man's success-
ful cultivation of the soil, and to the assertion of
his sway over inanimate nature, were wanting; as
likewise the leading cereals which were to sustain
human life. What a poor country, indeed, this
must have appeared to the settlers; and how prov-
idential for the development of the icsources of
this continent was the discovery of the precious
metals buried in the gorges and river beds of the
Sierras! These only attracted the cupidity of the
early emigrants, for surely all our agricultural
capacities were undeveloped to them. And yet
it is only the analogy of received impressions, not
the actual fact, which exists between the condi-
tion of those regions and the conditions of our
Atlantic coast at the time of its discovery by the
Europeans.
The poor and desolate looking lands occupied
by the North Amctican Indians were no proof
of their unproductiveness, under the influence of
industry and labor; and nothing can demonstrate
the existence of an irreclaimable waste in the tem-
perate zones but the actual failure of intelligent
cultivators of the soil 'to obtain from it the neces-
sary means of subsistence. I am fully satisfied
that even now large portions of our western wilds
will well compare in natural facilities with some
of the most cherished portions of our country; and
wo may safely conclude that the time will come
when few of our public lands, now pronounced
barren and worthless, will be considered as " irre-
claimable." Wo, too, may have our "Berlins, Mu-
nichs, and St. Petersburghs—centers of civiliza-
tion in the midst of former inhospitable regions,
rendered valuable and productive by the hands of
industry and the genius of labor; and that at no
great distance! The events ofcenturiesare crowded
into decades, and the world itself is now moved
by steam and electricity.
I repeat, Mr. Presuh nt, that there is nothing in
the explorations of any of the proposed routes of
the Pacific railway to warrentthe belief, and much
less the conviction expressed as such, that any
one of them is absolutely impracticable, though
there may be reasons of distance and facility for
giving the picference to one of them over others.
I, too, may have my preference,based on certain
probabilities and experience; but m a matter of
such grave importance, I think n the pait of pru-
dence to make a liberal allowance for an honest
diversity of opinion, and a greater or less bias m
favor of one of the other routes, prompted by local
orgeographical reasons. Self interest to our own
immediate section of country will, more or less,
conflict even with Roman devotion to patriotic
duty; and we are bound, therefore, to take these
and many other things—even the prejudices of
men—into consideration, to secure, if not the adop-
tion of the wisest and best measures that can be
suggested, at least the success of those which se-
cure the greatest gonci alg ood with the least indi-
vidual sacrifice, real or imaginary.
1 am willing to meet all who differ with me in
regard to the loute to be selected in a spirit of eon-
cession; for I am the advocate of two routes,
namely: a southern route south of the thirty-
fourth parallel, and a northern route north of that
latitude, as named in the pn sent bill. I wish to
see lands granted m aid of both of them; both to
have the same facilities,in the shape of contracts
with the Government for the tiansportatmn of the
mail, tumps, and military stores. lam notafiaid
that capitalists, North or South, will invest money
in unprofitable enterprises; and still h^s am T dis-
posed to believe that they will go to work blind-
folded, without a proper investigation of the diffi-
culties of the route, ami the probable remunerative
returns for the outlay of hard money, in the shape
of lands,fit for cultivation and settlement. 1 wish
to leave it to the companies named to select the
best and most productive routes, with a view to
the futuie development of the country, A.-cling
assured that this mode of procedure will not only
secure the building of the road, but also the adop-
tion of the best ami only route (if there is to be
but one) that can lie selected. Money is neither
national nor sectional; it is, all the world over, a
neutral commodity. It goes wherever it finds the
conditions most favorable to its employment, iire-
spective of patriotism, or love or hatred of any
sort. It has no likes or disl.kes beyond itself,and
no law can permanently give it a direction incon-
sistent with its interests. If the southern route
is the best, and promises the greatest remunera-
tive return, southern Senators may depend on it
northern eapualisis u ill be as ready to invest their
money, as they are now ready to trade and earn
commissions on cotton, sugar, coffee, rice, or any
other commodity produced by southern slave
labor. If the fast increasing population of Kansas
and Nebraska need one, the South cannot com-
plain, and contractors will the more readily re-
spond, when the choice is offered them between a
northern and southern route, and no forced direc-
tion is attempted to their enterprise.
And now, I ask Senators, if the two routes be
actually commenced, prosecuted, and conducted
to their final-termination, would not the whole
country gain by this double achievement? Would
it notvastly add to our power as a nation? Would
it not consolidate our interests ? Would it not
vastly add to, would it not more than double, our
means of national defense? Would the simulta-
neous prosecution of two routes not excite the
emulation of both ? Would there not be an hon-
est struggle between them as to which should
first complete its task? And would there not
also be some wholesome competition in regard to
the faithful execution of the work? There are,
indeed, many reasons which, independent of the
difficulty of making Congress agree on one route,
should induce us to vote for the two. The charge
of monopoly could not as easily be brought against
two as against one; and the political power and
influenci", which some apprehend one such com-
pany would be likely to wield, would certainly
be more harmless when divided between, and
exercised by, two of them.
Mr. President, I have thus endeavored to an-
swer all the objections urged against this great
measure, and have stated,as concisely as I could,
my views in lelation to it. I am guided by no
other motive than an ardent desire to serve the.
constituency who have honored me, and to have
the country also brought, in my judgment, so
much nearer the fulfillment of its destiny. I have
heretofore labored, and have now spoken, to rec-
oncile conflicting: opinions, as far as it could be
done; and endeavored, above all things, to avoid
the charge of sectionalism. I sincerely desire to
remove, as far as possible, all sources of disagree-
ment and discord on extraneous topics, in order
that our view of the measure itself may not be ob-
scured by political misgivings and doubts in re-
gard to ourselves—doubts which can only lessen
us in the eyes of the civilized world, and which,
unfortunately for the prestige of our common coun-
try, have, for some years past, palsied our legis-
lation on all national subjects, and enervated our
policy till we have seriously endangered—but not
too late to return—that universal respect and ad-
miration which greeted the birth of our nation,
and cheered our earlier national exploits.
Mr. POLK. The amendment that I have of-
fered, Mr. President, is to a single point; and I
have not, in anything that I have said, and I think
I shall not, in anything I shall say, go into the
general merits of this bill. I concur in very much
that has been said by the Senator from Ohio. I
wish to make one suggestion, however, before I go
immediately into the merits of this amendment,
and that is, it may turn out that this bill is a grand
speculation; and if it is so, the bill proposes to
put it into the hands of about forty gentlemen
selected out of the thirty million ef these United
States; to give it all to them, and leave it to them,
so that nobody else can come in, unless they are
admitted by a vote of the majoi ity of these forty.
But, Mr. President, as I said, I think that, on
the amendment I have offered, such considera-
tions as that are properly not in place exactly.
But it turns out now, that the ground of the ob-
jection to the amendment on the part of the Sen-
ator from California who has last spoken, is
necessarily removed by the admission he makes
himself, that if this bill vests tights in a corpo-
ration of the kind indicated by the Senator from
Maine, (of which I think there can bo no doubt
at all,) then he himself will vote for an amend-
ment that shall coirect that abuse. Then, sir,
we are not, on the admission of the Senator from
California, to take this bill just as it came from
the House without amendment, on the ground
that we are to have that or nothing.
Again: the Senator from California who first
spoke on this subject admits, and not a Senator
who has spoken on the amendment has denied it,
that it is a proper amendment; that it is right in
itself; that it is just to the country.
Mr. GWIN." I did not.
Mr. POLK. I said the Senatorfrom California
who first spoke admitted it; and then I said, no
