260
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 5,
amount of $,60,000,000 shall, on certain terms
named in the bill, be delivered to these corpora-
tors, and lands be sot aside for the purposes and
to the amount stated in the bill. It is provided
in the bill that, before the title to these lands shall
vest in these gentlemen, and before these bonds
shall be delivered to them, certain acts of incor-
poration shall be obtained from the different States
and Territories through which this line of railroad
is proposed to be constructed. Something was
said about that by the Senator from Missouri,
[Mr. Green,-] and an allusion was made to it, I
think, by my friend from Ohio, [Mr. Pugh.] It
strikes me as most extraordinary legislation, in
the first place, to select certain named gentlemen,
and to give them the exclusive power of selecting
their associates; and, in the next place, we are to
give them very great privileges, and to bestow
upon them an immense amount of money in the
way of bonds of this Government, beside s lands,
andxall that, without knowing what privileges
they are to obtain from the different States and
Territories through which this line of railroads is
to be constructed, how long they arc to last, what
amount of capital is to be raised for the purpose,
or anything about it. The whole matter is left
to these individuals,controlled alone by the action
of the States and Territories through which this
line of railroad is proposed to be constructed. In
other words, the bill, as it now stands, allows a
perpetuity to these gentlemen. There is no limit
whatever to the corporate privileges which they
may obtain from the States and Territories through
winch this line of road is to pass; and, as was
well said by the Senator from Maine, [Mr. Fes-
sknden,] there is no power contained in this bill
by which Congress can control these coiporators
in the slightest degree. There is but one pio-
vision,as I stated before, looking to that,and that
is that, in case these proposed corporators, after
they have obtained those acts of incorpoiation,
fail to discharge the duties which they assume to
discharge under this bill, they forfeit all light
under it, and their rights and franchises go to
othercorporations, to be formed and to be received
by this Government as the parties under the bill;
then, and m that case, the Government may im-
pose other and additional terms; but in that case
alone is that power retained to Congress.
It will be seen at once by the Senate, I think,
that this is an immense power given to these gen-
tlemen, and given to them without limit and with-
out control, Ought we to do that5 The amend-
ment which I have offered in, that this act shall
not take effect so far as vesting the bonds and the
lands m these gentlemen is concerned, until the
acts of incorporation which they shall obtain shall
be first submitted to and approved by Congress. 1
think we ought to exact that from them. \ t is a
matter of too much importance for us to intrust
litem with just such powers as they can obtain
from the States and Tenitories through which
(his line of laihuad may be constructed. It does
.seem to me th.tt we ought not to grant them .such
an immense; amount of the public domain,and of
the public money, without knowing how it is to
be managed, and by whom, and to what extent,
and how long these powers are to continue.
Now, sit, if the amendment he adopted, as I
think it ought to be, the only effect of it which can be
complained of will be that it may delay this great
work a little. Gentlemen are in hot haste to get
it into opeiatiun. It can be no great while before
acts of incorporation, if they can be obtained at
all, will be obtained and submitted to Congress.
We s.-hall then know what we are doing; we shall
have the acts befoie us. If this amendment be
adopted, or if it be not adopted, I expect to follow
it with one providing that those acts of incorpo-
ration shall have a limit, that they shall not be
perpetuities. I have no idea, for one, that wc
shall make this grant to these gentlemen, or to
any other corporators, and that the corporate priv-
ileges, if they can obtain such privileges from the
State Legislatures or from the Territorial Assem-
blies, shall last forever. I wish it to be like any
other corporation; I wish it to have a corporate
existence only for a term of years, and that term
I propose to leave blank. The amendment that
I now offer is simply that these acts shall be first
submitted to and approved by Congress before the
parties shall be entitled to the privileges granted
by this bill, and before they shall become entitled
to the property and to the money which it is pro-
posed to vest in them upon certain conditions and
in certain contingencies.
Mr. HARLAN. I desire to ask the Senator
from North Carolina if his amendment does not
propose to retain jurisdiction m Congress over
the laws hereafter to be passed by the States of
the Union ?
Mr. BRAGG. If the Senator will hear the
amendment read—I ask the^Clerk to read it—he
will see that its only effect is, not to give them
what this bill proposes to give them until we ap-
prove of the acts that may be passed by the States
or Territories. Certainly w« have the power to
withhold what is our own until we approve of
what it is said they shall first do before tney can
obtain these benefits which we propose to bestow
upon them—nothing more, nothing less. It does
not interfere with State legislation at all. Cer-
tainlywe ought to retain the negative, and for that
reason I object to the bill in its present shape, and
for that reason I have offered the amendment.
Now I ask the Clerk to read the whole proviso as
it will stand if my amendment be agreed to.
The Secretary read, as follows:
Provided further, That the raid persons and their asso-
ciates shall not he or become vested with any eiatn, right,
or interest intended to bu secured by the piov'i ion«5 ot'Uub
act otherwise than in a coipoiatu character and capacity,
to bo first acquired by them or .such of them as shad ac-
cept the teinis and conditions of this act, within the teru-
tonal and State jun>dtetions into and thiou<;h which the
laihoad contemplated by tins act shall be conducted, nor
until said acts of nicorpoiation shall be submitted to and
appioved by the Oongiess ot the United States.
Mr. PUGH. I sympathize with the general
proposition of the Senator from North Carolina;
and yet if wc ever can save the delay which his
amendment may cause, I would prefer it. I am
averse to the close corporation mentioned in the
bill, selecting ceitain gentlemen and letting them
choose thoii associates, and letting them shut
everybody else out. I would rathersce that part
of the bill reconstructed, and appoint these gen-
tlemen, or any others, commissioners to open
books of subscription, and let thesnbscribeis have
the benefit of the giant, and then they may bo in-
corporated at the discretion of the Legislatures of
the States and Territories. I object to the exelu-
siveness of it. If we wait for these gentlemen to
get acts of incorporation, they may not get them;
they may from one State or one Territory, and
not from another. As the Senator from Mis-
souri truly remaiked, the whole enterprise may
break down from the non-action of the Territory
of Utah. She may refuse to give any act of in-
corporation, and then you have no railroad by the
terms of the bill.
I am struck also by the fact, that I cannot now
recollect any provision in this bill, whereby Con-
gress or the Government can, at any future time,
become the owner of this work by purchase. 1
think there was such a provision m the bill wc
had bcioie us two years since, and I should like
to know whether it has been omitted from this bill
by accident or design; for if there is no way by
which we can ever puichase the road, and these
persons may become corporators in perpetuity,
it will certainly be a very great obstacle to the
colonization and settlement oi the new Territories.
It all, however, conies back to what I said at
first. I think the bill needs revision in so many
places toguaid against abuse, and to guard against
what may turn out to be a great injury to the pub-
lic, that, while I am disinclined to vote for an
amendment thru will delay the operation of the
bill if it is to pass. I repeat, that, m my judg-
ment, the best thing the Senator fiom California
can do with it is to commit it to a select committee,
or to one of the standing committees of the Sen-
ate, because it is just now where a few individ-
uals, or fifty of them, control the whole thing.
i\ir. FOLK. I wish to say that I find that m
the remaiks i made sometime ago to the Senate,
I had not made a right estimate of the number of
these corporators. 1 find that the Senator from
North Carolina was right in the number, and that
I was in error.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I should like to ask the
Senators from California, whether there is any
provision m tins bill to prohibit these corporators
from exercising banking ptivileges. If there be
not, it seems to me there should be some restric-
tion of that kind.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Mr. President, it appears
to me that the theory upon which this bill is
framed, and upon which the grant by Congress is
to be made, is so objectionable that,'if gentlemen
will for one moment reflect upon it, it is impos-
sible that anybody can vote for it. What is the
proposition, sir? The proposition is, by bill, to
select fifty-three citizens of the United States; to
select them from fourteen States, leaving nineteen
States out; and to" give to these fifty-three individ-
uals, thus selected from fourteen States, control
over $60,000,000, and I do not know how many
million acres of public lands.
The bill proceeds, if it is worth anything at all,
upon the supposition that by granting thy privi-
leges contained in the bill, you will induce men
to engage in this work because they can make
money out of it. If that is not the purpose, the
bill falls without effect. No man will ever en-
gage in this enterprise and invest in it his means,
his labor, and his tune, except upon the expecta-
tion that he will make money by so doing. It is
a purely industrial enterprise. If this bill, then,
as by its theory it must, confers privileges upon
its corporators or grantees, upon what basis can
this Congress undertake to select fifty-three indi-
viduals m the United States residing in fourteen
States out of the thirty-three, and give them the
whole ? for that is what this bill does—no more,
no less. The bill, after selec'ing this number of
citizens, provides that the whole of the grants con-
tained in it of land and money shall go to them
and to such persons as a majority of them shall
admit as their associates.
The State of Kentucky is generously provided
for in the bill. One of her citizens is picked out
that may share in the benefits of the bill. The
State of Tennessee also, with the kind consider-
ation of those who have provided us with the
arrangements made in this bill, will have one cit-
izen within its limits provided with a share of the
benefit. New York takes ten, Pennsylvania six,
Ohio four, Indiana four, Illinois four, Missouri
four, Iowa four, California four. Where are the
other States? Have they seceded, or are they to
be expelled? If there is to be any opportunity
for the citizens of the other States of the Union
to take any interest in the grants contained in
this bill, let some provision be made, by which
each citizen of the United States, upon agreeing
to contribute his share of money and responsi-
bility towards the building of this road, shall
have his share of the advantages conferred by it.
Now, certainly with this feature in the bill, it
does not seem to me that any gentleman who is
here to legislate for the Union and not for a job,
can give his consent to any such scheme as this.
You observe, sir, that there is no provision in
this bill by which the citizens of the United States
under any circumstances can share in its benefits,
without the consent of a majority of men whom
you picked out yourselves as the grantees. I do
not know many of these gentlemen. They may be
very good and very proper gentlemen to be the
recipients of such a great favor of Congress; but
has any committee of this body examined into
the names of the persons who are to be these
grantees5 Who has selected them ? We are told
by the Senator from California that we must not
change this bill, or it is gone; so that we are not
only to give these great powers and privileges,
and grants of land and money to a body of men;
we are not only to luu'e fifty-three men in the
United States picked out to whom these grants
are to be given, but we arc not even allowed the
poor privilege of picking out the men to whom
these privileges are to be given. They are picked
out in advance for us, and we are told we must
not change a name; we must not change a pro-
vision ; we must take the whole scheme just as it
is, or nothing at all.
Now, is this serious legislation ? Do gentlemen
propose to us seriously to adopt any such scheme
as tins? Is anybody going to vote for it? I do
not know where this scheme oiiginated; I do not
know who picked out these names; I do not know
what scheme or what speculation may be behind
it; I do not know what bodies of men may have
bought tracts of land at particular points through
which they intend this road to run, in order to
make fortunes out of it. All these matters none
of us, of course, know anything about but those
who concocted the bill. Who concocted it3 Does
any man here know? I should like to have some
information.
Mr. LATHAM. I will answer the Senator.
