1220
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 26,
lodgings? I know of no warrant in the Consti-
tution for any expenditure of the general money
of the country to protect the traveler anywhere,
anymore to Oregon than along Pennsylvania ave-
nue in this alleged "artificial" crisis which it is
said exists in the country. Mr. President, there
is a loose practice in the Senate which I trust will
be corrected. If it is not, you will have to in-
crease your tariff; and you will have to do more:
to impose direct taxes, and to take possession of
the property of the people, and sell it to pay the
taxes; and unless some restraint, some guard,
something is respected, God Almighty only knows
■where we shall end.
Mr. BAKER. I had very little expectation,
-when I offered this amendment, it would be at-
tacked so violently; and although not a modest
man, I thought I was not acting immodestly in pre-
senting the ground upon which I hoped it would
pass, in the few remarks I made, about three min-
utes in length; and if 1 now say a few words m
conclusion, as I hope, of the debate, they are
dragged from me by my colleague from Oregon
and the Senator from Virginia. As to my col-
league from Oregon, I can only say that it is a de-
lusion under which he seems to labor that he is
for the amendment itself. Although he says so,
it is very apparent to everybody that he is against
it. He has made as good a speech as he can
against it, and the vote will not be a salvo to it.
His motives I leave to himself; they are none of
my business. The facts that he states are mis-
takes. The amendment I propose is not upon the
ground that it is nccessary to enable the Secretary
of War to post troops. It is upon tins ground:
thatsince the Department has estimated, news hns
arrived here that a train of emigrants, thirty-five
in number, were murdered, and children burnt at
the stake, upon that dark and bloody ground, and
that within a very few miles of the presence of a
largebodyof United States troops; and, secondly,
the amendment only proposes to give the Secre-
tary $50,000 to be expended, if, in his judgment,
it shall be necessary for the protection of emi-
grants upon that frontier. I have not now pointed
out to the Senate how, in my judgment, that ought
to be done; and, indeed, if 1 had, his judgment,
being superior, would probably differ from mine.
If so, the money will not be spent.
Now, for the Senator from Virginia: ever since
I have been in the Senate, and it is but a few
days, there is no question in the world that can
come up that he does not see a constitutional dif-
ficulty m. Don Quixote fighting wind-mills, was
never more ferocious, and never more mistaken
in his attacks upon everything and everybody,
than the Senator from Virginia is when he per-
ceives constitutional difficulties in all subjects that
can be proposed. Upon a question of the con-
struction of the rules of the Senate, a constitu-
tional difficulty enters into his brain. The Senate
decided the question, and another constitutional
difficulty strikes him; and when that is overcome,
a third strikes him, and then a fourth. He says,
why cannot you as well appropriate §10,000 to
protect people between here and Charleston, as
Between here and Oregon ' Sir, if the Senator had
his own way, money would he necessary for such
protection very shortly. If 1 do not read him
very much amiss, the whole tenor of all his con-
stitutional doubts and difficulties is nothing more
than to make protection for somebody necessary
between here and Charleston. That has got noth-
ing to do with the question before the Senate now.
The question before the Senate now is, will you
give a little appropriation, placing it within the
power and discretion of the Secretary, to protect
the emigrants from this coast and the other, over
aground now red with the blood of your own
people? The Senator from Virginia can perceive
constitutional difficulties in adopting that. Do
we not do it by law ? Do we not do it according
to the fashion of our fathers? Is an appropriation
for the protection of the frontier any new tiling in
this Senate ?
IVIr. OLINGMAN. Will the honorable Sen-
ator give way for a motion to adjourn. It is now
near five o'clock.
Mr. BAICER. No, Mr. President; I will do
what I think is more graceful than that. I will
decline saying another word, and ask that a vote
be taken.
Mr. MASON. I have a word to say.
Mr. LANE. I want to say a word, also.
Mr. BAKER. Then I may want to say an-
other, also.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Virginia is entitled to the floor.
Mr. MASON. I have to say this to the Sena-
tor from Oregon: that, upon a question of consti-
tutional propriety, he has given evidence that he
was educated in a very different school than I
was. I have been accustomed to regard such ques-
tions, especially upon the expenditure of public
money.
The Senator has said that I raise these consti-
tutional chimeras, and on every question that is
presented to the Senate, I raise a constitutional
doubt. Would to God, Mr. President, that the
Constitution had been regarded, and then the
country would have been in a very different con-
dition to-day. If it is to prevail, as the Senator
would seem to suggest, who, as he has said, has
just come among us, that the Constitution, when
it is spoken of, is to be derided, and arguments
derived from it are to be derided, the Senator and
that school to which he belongs would make the
Government what they have already made it—a
Government of irresponsible power; and what is
the consequence? The consequence is, that the
States have abandoned a broken and violated
Constitution. The Senator says that he supposes
I am one of those who will be before long asking
for an appropriation to protect persons from this
to Charleston.
Mr. BAKER. No; I beg the honorable Sen-
ator's pardon. I did not say that. 1 said that if
certain views, which 1 think he entertains were to
prevail, that day might come. That is all I said.
Mr. MASON. There is no mistaking the Sen-
ator's allusion. Now, the Senator may be assured
that those who go to Charleston will ask no pro-
tection from this Government or anybody else.
The Senator's conscience may be at ease on that
point. Those who are going to Charleston, in
the allusion clearly in the mind of the Senator,
will want no aid from this Government or any
other. I have nothing more to say.
Mr. LANE. Mr. President 
Mr. CLINGMAN. Let us adjourn.
Mr. LANE. No; I do not want to adjourn. I
think we had better dispose of this bill; and as
soon as Senators get through their conversation,
I will give the views which will control my vote;
I have given them once, and I will do it again.
With all due respect to the Senator from Oregon,
I will i emark that he has no right to say that 1 am
opposed to this amendment, for I am going to vote
for it. If it is not impugning my motives directly,
it is indirectly; and that no gentleman has a right
to do.
I said then, and I say now, that this appropri-
ation of $50,000 will not give us one particle of
protection. It will not give us one additional
man, unless you authorize the raising of addi-
tional troops. The amendment does not provide
for that, and this amount would not be sufficient
for that purpose. It gives us no more protection
than we have without it; for the Secretary of War
has now made arrangements "to pass troops over
that route under the appropriation that he has,
and that he asks for, sufficient to give protection,
as he says, and as the commanding officer at the
other end of the route says. They both say that,
with the troops and means provided for by this
bill, which will soon be a law, they have all that
is necessary. Now, I would go more cheerfully
for this than I am going to do, if I thought it
would be of any real benefit to us. I wanted to
point out only the reasons why it was not suf-
ficient; that it did not give us additional protec-
tion. i want additional protection. I want troops
| in addition to those that may be posted there, in
| sufficientnumberstosend a company through with
every emigrant party. Give us that, if you please;
provide for it by law; authorize the increase of
the Army; and then this money will be useful to
us. However, as the word "emigration" is in
it, and " emigration to Oregon," why, of course,
I shall vote for it; because the people there would
naturally think that it was affording protection.
While I shall vote for it, because they think so,
I say, if they expect any more protection than
they get without it, they will be very much mis-
taken. Sir, this proposition will bean imposition
upon the people: it will be imposing upon their
ciedulity; it will be inducing them to believe that
theygetpiotection which they would notget with-
out this appropriation. Every man can sec that
that is not so. Every man understands that the
President has control of the Army; he is com-
mander-in-chief; and he, or the Secretary of War,
under his orders, has charge of the troops. He
has already directed them on that route, and they
are provided, by this bill, with all the money that
is deemed necessary for the troops.
Now, if we are to receive the benefit of this
appropriation, I say it ought to go further. We
ought to take the command of the Army from the
President. Why not do that? Why should we
look at the Constitution at all ? I am sure there
is no use to regard it when the people require
protection—when emigration requires protection.
Why look at the Constitution? I will say to
my worthy and good friend from Virginia, why
should we care anything about the Constitution
when the people need protection?
Mr. MASON. I take it for granted that the
Senator does not make that remark in earnest.
Of course, he is speaking ironically.
Mr. LANE. I say, give us money; give us
additional troops; take away the command of the
Army from the President; and then you may afford
protection in addition to that which we shall have
without this amendment. I am for the amend-
ment; but I do not believe it will do us any good.
I believe we ought to go further than the amend-
ment provides. We ought to provide for addi-
tional troops. We ought to provide by law that
one company shall leave Fort Laramie with one
emigration party, and travel with it clear to the
Pacific; and another company should leave with
the next emigration train, and go with it to the
Pacific; and another company with the next, so
that you will have every family and every wagon
and every little train well protected; and let us do
it by law. What is the x%e of the Constitution ?
or why should we look to estimates and recom-
mendations? They are all nonsense. I do not
see why we should pay any attention to estimates.
I offered several amendments to-day based upon
estimates; and the Senator from Maryland got up
here and kicked them out as fast as I put them
in. [Laughter.] They were not even looked to,
and are never respected at all. Now, I do not think
we should ever look to the estimates; never look
torecommendationsof the Department; never look
to the Constitution; but just look to what we want,
and go straight ahead. Give us troops; give us
this money; and let the President no longer have
power, for he is not fit to command anyhow; and
1 do not think the one we have is—let us give it
clear through; give us money; give us troops; give
Congress the command; and then we have accom-
plished for emigration all I think they would
desire.
If that will not do, and if my colleague will
not believe I am sincere now, I will tell him
when I get home, I may go out on the emigrant
trail myself. I have nothing else to do. I have
made my fortune; I am a good soldier, and I know
it; and 1 might raise a little body of men to go
out to assist these emigrants, and aid them m
checking the Indians; and this I shall be most
likely to do. I know no Indians will dare attack
a party that I am on. [Laughter.] I think, there-
fore, with the trip I intend to make, and this ap-
propriation of §50,000 that I intend to vote for,
we ought to get on pretty well. I do not know
why my colleague did not ask for $500,000. He
would get it just as easy. There is as much rec-
ommendation for it as there is.for this; it was
estimated for precisely as this is; and when we
are doing something for emigration, why not do
a good deal. As I said before, no man in the
world can do as much as he and I. He can pro-
pose them, and 1 can support them. [Laughter.]
That is not all. He must not suppose that I will
not vote for it, for I will; and I shall do it on the
yeas and nays very cheerfully; because it is to
protect the emigrants to Oiegon. Ium in favor
of emigration. 1 wish to God we could get plenty
of the right kind. I do not want any but work-
ing men, industrious men, good citizens.
With these remarks, Mr. President, how can the
Senator from Oregon say that I am not sincerely
for this amendment? Try me on the yeas and
nays, and you will see.
Mr. LATHAM. I hope the Senate will now
take up the resolution I offered yesterday previous
to the adjournment, relative to t\ recess from five
to seven o'clock.
