1881.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
201
I will siate that this bill has passed through the
examination of the House of Representatives; that
it was there submitted to a special committee;
that that committee was composed, as generally
understood, of the most intelligent men of that
body; and that those names, to which the Sena-
tor makes so much objection as having granted
to them special privileges and benefits, were scru-
tinized and inquired into by that committee.
Now, as the Senate has seen fit to make an amend-
ment to this bill, and it must necessarily, if it is
passed in this form, go back to the other House,
I will say to the Senator from Louisiana, that
certainly the mention of certain names in the bill
will be no obstacle to including others m the spe-
cial privileges granted to those individuals named
in the bill; and if he regards his State, or the cit-
izens of his State, as cut out of any of those priv-
ileges and benefits, if he will propose the name
of any gentleman, or any number of gentlemen,
whom he regards as respectable, enterprising
men, who will take hold of this matter and push
it through, as it is supposed the gentlemen named
would do, I have no doubt the Senate would vote
them in, if he makes that a cause of complaint.
Mr. BENJAMIN. It is not in regard to par-
ticular individuals. What I want is not a pro-
vision in tins bill by which no men but those
selected by anybody, and their associates, shall
alone share the privileges of the bill; but I want
some provision by which the whole of the people
of the United States shall be put upon a common
footing, and with equal rights. I want some pro-
vision in this bill by virtue of which books shall
be thrown open, and everybody that chooses to
subscribe may subscribe, and share in those ben-
efits which we are giving to those that choose to
make a road of this kind. Why, sir, here is a
provision in regard to these men and those whom
a majority of such grantees shall admit as their
associates. What is the meaning of that clause?
Why, is it not anybody that chooses to sub-
scribe? Does not the Senator see there is some-
thing behind this? Did he ever before observe a
case in which a body of men proposed to accumu-
late a capital of hundreds of millions of dollars
for carrying out a great enterprise, and refused
to throw open books for subscription?
Mr. LATHAM. I will ask the Senatora ques-
tion, if he will permit me. If the Senate will in-
sert the amendment that he suggests, that books
shall be thrown open, subject to such limitations
as that section provides, will he then vote for the
bill?
Mr. BENJAMIN". I will vote for the amend-
ment. 1 will make the bill as perfect as lean. I
am opposed to the Pacific railroad bill; but if one
is to pass, I want it to be so guarded as, at all
events, to do as little damage to the people of the
country as possible. The idea that because I am
opposed to the bill itself as, in my judgment, a
usurpation of power by Congress, that i shall not,
tht'iefore, m.'ke it as innocuous as possible, if the
bill is to pass, is a very strange proposition.
Mr. LATHAM. I did not make thatohjection.
The Senator misunderstood me.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I say this is a provision
such as 1 have never before seen in any enterprise
on the face of the earth. I have never before seen
an enterprise on the face of the earth for accumu-
lating capital and labor in a great enterprise to be
inaugurated under the protection and with the
patronage of the Government, in which a certain
number of men were selected to receive the whole
between themselves and such associates as a ma-
jority of these thought proper to admit I will
propose a clause—will the Senator vote for it?—
by which books shall be opened and every citizen
put upon an equal footing. I ask the Senator,
will he vote for that ?
Mr. LATHAM. I will vote for any just pro-
vision to this or any other bill which will secure
the great objcct—which is the stumbling-block to
this scheme—to get it under way. That is my
answer.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I will prepare an amend-
ment in accordance with the views I have ex-
pressed, by which the privileges of this bill shall
be thrown open to every ciuzen of the United
States, and not confined to a close corporation.
Mr. LATHAM. But at the same time, I wish
it to be understood that I will reserve to myself
the privilege of voting against any amendment
that may be offered which I think has a tendency
j merely to hamper the bill and not to secure the
t great object which I think its friends have, to
wit: to get the bill passed at once, in order to
commence the work.
Mr. LANE. Is it now in order to move an
amendment?
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. FrrzrAT-
rick in the chair.) There is an amendment to
an amendment already pending.
Mr. LANE. Then I shall offer my amend-
ment after the vote is taken on that amendment.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, it is well known
that, for many years past, I have departed from
those with whom I was usually associated, in ad-
vocating some plan of coupling the Pacific coast
with the valley of the Mississippi. I have con-
sidered it a physical problem, worthy of the high-
est efforts of a great people, to overcome that diffi-
culty which, in all history, has shown that men
could not be aggregated together under one Gov-
ernment if they were divided by impassable
mountains. I have thought it an achievement
worthy of our age and of our people, to couple
with bonds of iron the people of the Pacific with
the valley of the Mississippi, and show that even
the snow-capped mountains intervening could not
divide them.
At the same time, I have believed also that this
was only to be done by throwing the route open
to the selection of the capitalists who were to
build the road,and giving those advantages which
the Government might give as a party in interest,
to be benefited by the construction of a road for
its purposes; not makingaGovernmentroad,nor
making it out of the Treasury of the United States,
regarding it as a road which had commercial and
political considerations in which individuals might
have interests, and in which the Government had
an interest for the transportation of its troops, its
munitions, its mails, and to that extent become a
party to its construction.
But, sir, there never has been a day, emulous
as I was to sec this great triumph achieved by my
country, when I would have consented to turn
over this great enterprise to the hands of a self-
constituted corporation, men who have named
themselves, and get Congress to take their names,
that they may be recipients of grants so extensive
in their charactcr, that the woild has never seen
the like—powers, the end of which no man can
see, for this great artery that couples the pro-
ductive regions of the Pacific coast with the pro-
ductive regions of the valley of the Mississippi,
is to have a controlling power, financial and po-
litical, before which the United States Bank stands
butasapigmy. To turn this all over, then, to a
self-constituted corporation, and here to wrangle
about whether it shall start from a certain initial
point or not; whether it shall wind through a cer-
tain valley, or whether it shall take some other
line, is to waste the energies of a great people
upon the greatest physical problem that has ever
been offered to the consideration of man. I will
have none of it. I will support no bill which bears
upon its face the brand of being the means of
enriching certain individuals. It must he thrown
open as a great public work to the people of the
United States. The Government must have no
other connection with it than as a party m inter-
est. The Government must be separated from all
political control over it; and thus alone will I ever
vote for it, devoted as I have been to the idea that
it was an essential work, not only to secure these
parts of the Union together which were divided
by an impassable mountain, but for the achieve-
ment of the great objects for which our Govern-
ment was instituted while it lasts.
I have, therefore, not attempted to offer any
amendments, and had not intended to intrude into
the debate. I have intended to vote against every
proposition which attempted either to establish
the road or to organize a company for the con-
struction of such a road. Let the Government
offer those privileges which it is authorized to
give to any company which will build it; let that
company locate it where the hand of nature has
designated the road should be built; and then I say
we should all give it our support.
Mr. BAKER. I had been led to suppose, when
I came here, that there was a party in Congress
in favor of a Pacific railroad. I believe I am mis-
taken; or if there be, I am sure that it is lying
supinely by and giving the control of the measure
that is proposed into the hands of its enemies.
We have seen now every conceivable mode of
objection, which the time will permit, made against
it, with the appearance sometimes-of friendship,
but with all the tenacity of enmity. Gentlemen
forget in their objections, as I think, whatever
may be learned from experience as to legislation
upon subjects somewhat kindred. Now, I un-
derstand the distinguished Senator from Missis-
sippi, who has just spoken, to say that he will
not go for any measure which will give the Gov-
ernment political control, and that he will not go
for any measure which will tend to enrich indi-
viduals.
Mr. DAVIS. I said nothing of that sort.
Mr. BAKER. Did you not say so, sir?
Mr. DAVIS. I said I would go for no organ-
ization which was for the purpose of cnriching in -
dividuals. Any public work in which individuals
engage may enrich them; but if the object is to
enrich them, I scorn the connection.
Mr. BAKER. And, Mr. President, that scorn
will no doubt be very effectual in that respect,
from the present appearance of things. I am
afraid the gentleman will scorn anyroad. I think
the scorn that you express as to that will attach
itself to any proposition that we, who really de-
sire a road, may make. I think what the gen-
tleman has said foreshadows that very clearly.
That line of objection which attacks a measure
because the Government may have too much to
do with it, and which expends itself in increased
zeal of attack because individuals may have too
much to do with it, will leave it between two
stools, and let it fall to the ground.
One gentleman objects thvt he will not make a
grant of land to anybody, for anything, exccpt
subject to the condition that Congress shall super-
vise State legislation and approve the acts or in-
corporation that individuals may get at the hands
of the State governments: All that class of ob-
jection is—1 will not say intended, but I will say
framed—to defeat the road. Now, after ten years'
struggle; after hope so long delayed; when the
Representatives of the people by a very large ma-
jority, after every conceivable objection has been
made and answered and overcome; now, when
the condition of public affairs, when a desire to
end sectional strife, when desire for the Union,
when every reason so well presented by the dis-
tinguished Senator from New York would seem
to point out to us the necessity of doing it now,
and atonce,itappearsto me that we are further off
from it to-day than ever; and the reason why it
strikes me that we are further than usual (if that
be possible) is this: that objections which 1 think
have been answered in every State Legislature on
every incorporation bill from the time legislation
commenced on such subjects, seem to weigh
here with unwonted force on the minds of a large
majority of this body.
Take the sectional objection offered by my dis-
tinguished friend from Louisiana; and I attempt
to answer it, for I see it must devolve on some-
body to answer these objections briefly. Let mo
say that I came here, scarcely having time to read
the bill carefully. I came here finding it in tiie
charge of men very much abler and more expe-
rienced than myself; and I regret that it appears to
me proper that I should take up the time of the
Senate to reply at all. Still, I think it is proper;
and I do it. The gentleman from Louisiana says
—looking at the sectional aspect of the subject—
(for what can be considered in this body without
being sectional?) here are fifty-three individuals,
your corporators, from fourteen States. Now, sir,
this bill proposes two roads, and not one; two
sets of corporators, and not one; and I think the
gentleman, in fairness, ought to have stated that
fact in conjunction with what he has said. It is
true that the corporators for one road are selected
in fourteen States of tho Union; but it is also true,
as a matter of fact, as I am informed, that the
grant which is made to the persons who are to be
incorporated to make the second road—the Texas
road—inures really to persons all over the south-
ern portion of this Union. And if gentlemen had
paid the attention to this subject they do pay to
most others, I think they would have learned that
from the history of its passage through the other
House, and would have accommodated their views
to that fact. Now, I submit to the Senate that
that is one fair answer to that objection, and to
all objections of that class.
But again, sir, everybody knows that the his-
