262
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 5,
tory of making railroads in this country is an at-
tempt upon the part of the Government, where
they do give advantages to somebody, to combine
individual skill and effort and caution with Gov-
ernment power and authority and money. That
is the use of a bill incorporating individuals, and
has been from the beginning, if, according to
the plan which, perhaps, is suggested by the gen-
tleman from Mississippi, the Government alone
were to do it, we have always been told that the
Government would spend its money in the most
wasteful and ineffective way in the world. There-
fore, the usual course has been to unite the skill
and care of individuals in the Government expend-
iture. This bill endeavors to do that. It follows
out the plan that States adopt,and, I believe, the
plan that Congress has often adopted before. It
adopts the plan upon which the great railroads of
Illinois have been built—apian winch,in myjudg-
rnent, has proved itself more successful than any
other upon which a Government has ever at-
tempted to complete a great work for the benefit
of its people. I submit that as, I think, an an-
swer to that class of objection.
ft may be, Mr. President, that it is very wrong
for the gentleman from California to say, " Do not
amend this bill." The argument springs up on
every hand: " What! notamendthe bill? notcx-
croiseour judgment? not do what we think right?"
Why, sir, these objections are made on every
petty bill in every State Legislature, and they are
answered as often as they are made. The objec-
tion has for its foundation this, and no more: that
we, as Senators here, are not to vote for any meas-
ure which does hot, in all its details, meet the
entire approval of our judgment; or, voting for
such a measure, we are not to accord anything to
the wishes, the interests, the apprehension of other
gentlemen, who, like us, are vested with legisla-
ti\e authority. Sir, if that rule weie to prevail,
what measure would pass, what bill would be-
come a law ?
Again, sir, that spirit of concession—I will use
the word, for it is common—of compromise, for
it is usual—which the gentleman from California
invokes here to-day, is one essential to legislation,
not only so far as the thing itself is concerned,
but as to the mode of accomplishing it. Look at
the state of things to-day. At the end of ten years'
struggle, I icpeat, the House of Representatives,
one branch of Congress, has, after three years'
continuous labor upon one bill—examined by its
committees, tested by all modes of argument, in
the midst of a very exciting sectional contro-
versy—agreed upon ami passed it by a large ma-
jority. The gentlemen who opposed it there were
from Mississippi, and from Louisiana, and from
various other States from which these objections
come here; and without having all the gravity and
all the experience, and perhaps all the wisdom of
gentlemen who so worthily lepresent then-States
m the other branch of Congress—this bod y—they
at any rate, as the debates will show, and as the
discussion proves, considered and offeied moat,if
not all, of these objections. That beingthe ease,
within a very few weeks of a separation, ns we
are told; at a time when we are threatened with
secession, when some Senators have withdrawn,
■when otheis,it is said, are about to withdraw,
now we present the collective result of their wis-
dom, carrying into effect a great measure proposed
by a successful party,and we appeal to its fi lends
to stand by H against the assaults of its enemies;
and as one of the legitimate arguments in its be-
half we say: " If you do not pass this bill now,
time, time alone, that potent destroyer, will defeat
you: we ask y m to go for it not that it is the best
measure, but that it is the only practical plan, and
it is a real, philosophic concession to events and
to differences of opinion." 1 submit that that is
a fair answer again to all the argument saying:
u I cannot go fur any measure that I do not ap-
prove m the detail."
Sir, if i wait to do that, I leckon I shall notgo
for one tmasure d unrig my short teim of service
in this Senate. For instance: I am for one road.
1 have lived upon the Pacific ton years. Jf I do
not understand this measure, at least I have
thought of it. 1 know what my people desire. If
I had my way, I would say, unhesitatingly, make
f road from San Francisco as near to St. Louis
as you can get it. It appeals to mc that every
consideration would point out that as the best
way. Again: I am an old Whig: I am not afraid
of extending the power .of this Government; I
wish it was a more consolidated and a stronger
Government than it is; I have not a bit of respect
for this idea of States' rights, which I think is
now convulsing the country to its center; and if
F had my choice, my way, 1 would build the road
with the power of the Government, with the money
of the Government, for the benefit of the people;
and I would build it at any cost, and I would
build it right off. But I cannot have my way; I
am obliged to concede, to compromise. Accord-
ingly, I meet the Senator from California, with
whom it is not my fortune to agree about hardly
anything in the world, and I adapt myself, as far
as I can, to his plan; and, as 1 understand it,he,
in turn, conforms himself to the opinions of va-
rious other distinguished gentlemen on this floor,
not getting that which he would desire, but get-
ting the best that he can, harmonizing all inter-
ests, and, if he can, settling all conflict.
Sir, is not that statesmanlike? (s any great
measure ever adopted otherwise either in Gov-
ernment or in administration? Was not the Con-
stitution formed so? Is not everything done so
in a free Government? And to say to us "We
will not go for the greatest measure of the age or
of the world, because it does not begin exactly at
the right spot, becausc the money is not spent by
exactly the right man, because it docs not end
cxactly in the right place," would be to divide
us into endless fractions of opinion, never being
able to arrive at a sensible result. Therefore it. is
that I appeal, not to the enemies of the bill; but
to its friends—men who have advocated it in the
country, in the discussions before the people;
men who come here to reflect the real, true opin-
ion of their States—I ask them now, in the time
of its trial, in its very agonies, to give up mere
questions of locality, to give up objections as to
this man or the other, and agree with what the
delibciate wisdom of the popular branch, after
three years' effort, has determined to be practical.
Now, sir, there are objections which nH'tm this
way may be met in another way; and I allude,
with great deference, to the opinion of my ftiend
fiom Maine. He says the bill is a contract, and
before we make it, we ought to be very careful
in amending it, because we cannot amend it after-
wards. Thoie is, m my judgment, more force
in that objection than many that has been offered
here. Let me try, howevei, appealing to Ins can-
dor, if 1 cannot answer that. The experience of
legislation, worth much, shows that whenevoi a
legislative body, either of a State government or
the Federal Government, proposes a measure,
kindled to this m anywise, thoie are many defects
and inaccuracies. While it assumes the charac-
ter of a grant to parties, and therefore a contract
between them and the Government, there is also
much that is mandatory and dinxtoiy on the per-
sons who are to execute the law, and there arc
also things in which the persons who receive the
benefit of the grant are as much interested tn have
a change made us the Government can possibly
be. Again: when we make the title-papeis, by
way of patent to the land, when we issue the
bonds, when we pay the money, we become,for
those purposes, supreme, and have, practically,
theentirc control m our hands. Experience shows
—and there is the answer—as cxpenence will
show in all these cases, that the persons who are
building the road have much more necessity for
the toleration of the Government than the Gov-
ernment can have for the toleration of the indi-
viduals, and therefore whenever, for the purposes
of the road itself, it shall be necessary to amend
the bill, theie can be no trouble found in getting
the corporation to agree to all sensible, practical
amendments, because it is always their interest
so to do. That, in my judgment, is an answer
to the objection made by the Senatorfiom Maine.
There are many other objections, sir. The ob-
jections against gianting land, bonds, or money
to individuals at all, is the only other one to which
I propose to reply. 1 ask gentlemen upon this 1
side of the Chamber whether we have not long
settled down m the opinion that the best way to
accomplish a great public purpose like this, is to
unite the power of the Government and the enter-
prise and care of the individual? Does not the
practice of your own States, each of you Senators
from manufacturing and improving States, tell
you that the way to secure what you want to do
by a bill like this, is to connect the interest of
prominent and powerful men with your act? You
began that policy. That has been the idea gov-
erning this bill from the beginning, and I ask you
why you are going to abandon it now?
As to the selection of individuals, let me say
but one word: 1 think I heard the distinguished
Senator from New York say, within half an hour,
that so far from New York having any particular
interest in this bill by prearrangement, for him-
self he hardly knew who the individuals were that
were named in the bill at all. Sir, if that class of
objection is to prevail,! should not be astonished
if, after the Senate were to vote down an amend-
ment to strike out the individual corporation idea
altogether, somebody should get up next and at-
tack some individual corporator. I repeat, that
is the plan which I think matured reflection has
proposed, and it is not becoming th^ friends of
this bill to allow the measure to be defeated by
striking out that part of the plan now.
I have but one other word,and I close. I have
spoken already longer than I intended. I, like
my friend from California,feci thatinterest m the
passage of ibis bill which belongs to our coast.
We are very far off. We are loyal to the Union.
Wc will remain with it, whether you give us this
road or not; but almost everything m which a
Govoi nment can assist or protect a people is con-
nected with the passage, of this bill, and of this
bill now Its enemies know very well, and the
distinguished gentleman who has led its defense
so long knows it still better than they, that if you
amend this bill now, in any important particular,
you defeat it for this session, and possibly for-
ever. My distinguished friend from Louisiana
knows well that that is so when he attacks it with
all his acutenessand vigor. 1 think the gentle-
man from Mississippi knows that very well when
he piesents an attack, not so acute, but bioad,
comprehensive, general—none the less fierce. And
it astonishes me—and with the expression of that
astonishment I take my seat—that we Republi-
cans, for ten years the advocates of the great gen-
eral idea; for ten years holding out the hope
which wc have learned from the people them-
selves; that we now, when wc have the power;
when we have kind and generous friends not
named as Republicans with us, whose interests
oi whose pattiotism leads them to act with us—
enough to carry the bill; that we, dividing upon
minor and inferior points, should let the bill go
by, and cling ft om mere pride of petty opinion to
that line of policy which must insure Us entire,
perhaps its permanent, defeat.
Mr. DAVIS. I do not intend to answer the
Senator atany length; buthe speaks of economy,
and i suppose he'mcans certainly not economy
m words, from the manner in which he haw dis-
cussed it. But he announces, with some what a
royal air, that " we, the friends of this bill,"and
points to others as the enemies of the bill; and I
was at a lovs to know what he meant until finally
he brought it to the point of a party, to which he
then made his appeal, sustaining this bill. U is
quite apparent, sir, that the Senator well said that
he had barely had time to read the bill, though
he announced himself that he had been studying
it for ten years. He seemed to pass over alto-
gether the notonous fact in this body, that the
proposition has been before a select committee of
tile Senate; that that select committee has reported,
majority and minority; it has been considered in
this body, and is by no means a new measure
here.
Mr. BAKER. Allow me to ask the Senator,
did I say it was a new measure?
Mr. DAVIS. You spoke of this bill as quite
a new thing coming from the House; and you
went on to discuss it very much as though it was
a thingwo had not considered befoie.
Mi. BAlvER. Allow me to correct the Sena-
tor from Mississippi?
Mr. DAVIS. Certainly.
Mr. BAKER, i said first, ihat this bill had
been maturing tn the lower House three years.
I Said in the next place, that the idea of a Pacific
railroad was one which we on the other side, had
studied for ten years at least. 1 correct the Sen-
ator m both these particulars.
Mr. DAVIS. In all the studies of the Senator
it seems he did not study the fact that the Senate
has been at work on it perhaps not so long, but.
quite as diligently as himself; for not once did he
refer to the consideration of that subject in this
