1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
body, to its special committee, its majority and
minority report; and if he knew it, lie was bound
to have referred to it, because then he must have
understood better than he seems to understand
the character of the proposition which I suggested
in lieu of that which was before us, because it
has been before this body, printed, and discussed
in it when we had not the advantage of being in-
structed by the Senator. With his view of Gov-
ernment, in which he holds light the doctrine of
State-right, and would build this road by the
Government alone, there could be very little of
constitutional objection to any plan which could
be presented. There is still, however, a party in
the Senate who do not hold such views; there are
' still those who believe this to be a Government
of the States; who believe it to be a Union of
States voluntarily associated together: and that
every measure is to have a distinct refcrcnce to
the interests and the safety of the States; that we
live under a Constitution, a written compact made
by the States, and that a measure is not to be
passed here because it is the behest of a party.
That man forgets his duty as a Senator who
would put the interests of a party above the in-
terests of the country.
I do not know, Mr. President, what right the
Senator has thus to assume to mark out the bounds
and limits within this body of the ftiends and
enemies of the great measure of coupling the val-
ley of the Mississippi with the Pacific ocean. I
<lo not know what right he has to introduce a new
banner bore under which men aie compelled to
march. I do not know what labors the Senator
may have performed, nor how deep his interest
is. I might match my labors against his, how-
ever, on the great measure, and leave others to
decide whicli had done most to advance it. The
remarks I made, sir, were not made as an enemy
of a railroad which should couple the Mississippi
river and the Pacific ocean; but as a friend of the
measure, which I believed could be effectuated
only in one method, which, on former occasions,
I have more fully explained than it is needful for
me to do now. My objection to the present plan
is one which I have a right to make, and, most
of all, because of the deep study I have given to
the subject, and because of another proposition,
which I once before presented to the Senate,
which I believed rendered it easy to constiuct a
road, and to separate it from all dregs of party
and sectional politics, by putting it on the basis
of a great national construction, to be made by
those who chose to invest their money in it; and
leaving to them, (in order that no scctional ad-
vantage might be acquired by anybody,) by a
study of the face of the country, and following
the precepts of nature, to decide where they would
build the road, which they could thus make prof-
itable to themselves, they furnishing the money,
they locating ihe road, and the Government giv-
ing that aid in the Temtories to couple the States
of the valley of the Mississippi with those of the
Paciric, which it was competent for the Govern-
ment to give as a great party in interest. _
if, Mr. President, this measure shall fail; if we
shall never achieve the great object, of overcom-
ing the physical difficulties that threaten some
■day or other to separate two portions of country
now united together; if, indeed, we may hope to
look forward to their remaining together until
thus separated by natural causes, the cause of the
failure of the measure will not be the opposition
which I have presented; but if men confine the
reward to a corporation, to particular individuals
who are to be enrichcd by the bill, I leave them
to the enjoyment of it, and will remain under the
consolation that I have followed, so far as I could,
the doctrines of the Constitution, and been gov-
erned by the finger of nature as it pointed to the
location of a road where physical obstacles most
disappeared.
Mr. GWIN. I suppose we had better adjourn
now.
Mr. LANE. I hope the Senator will give me
an opportunity of giving notice of an amendment
that I shall propose to the bill, that it may be
printed, if necessary. 1 send up the amendment,
and ask that it be read.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr.FiTzrAT-
iuck iii the chair.) Does the Senator from Cal-
ifornia yield the floor?
Mr. GWIN. For that purpose.
Mr. LANE. I would like to say a few words
on this amendment, and the one already pending,
but 1 am willing to put it off.
The Secretary read the amendment proposed
by Mr. Lame, which is in section one, lines eleven,
twelve, and thirteen, to strikeout "Great Salt
Lake to the city of San Francisco, or to the nav-
igable waters of the Sacramento, in the State of
California," and in lieu thereof to insert "to the
navigable waters of the Sacramento in the State
of California, thence by two diverging lines, one
to the city of San Francisco, and the other through
the valleys of Rogue river, Umpqua, and Willa-
mette, to Portland, in Oregon."
Mr. GWIN. I move an adjournment.
Mr. KING. It is evident that we shall not
finish this bill; indeed, I understand the Senator
from California to move an adjournment; but
there is a message of importance from the Presi-
dent upon the table which I think it due to him
and due to the country that the Senate should
take up.
Mr. GWIN. I withdraw my motion, so that
we may have it read.
Mr. "KING. I move, therefore, that we go
into executive session.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does theSen-
ator from Oregon move that his amendment be
printed ?
Mr. LANE. Yes, sir. I make that motion.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. LATHAM. I would suggest to my col-
league, befoie the motion to adjourn is put, that
ho have this bill continued to a certain day. Next
Monday, at one o'clock, the bill admitting Kan-
sas is the special order, and the Senator from
Georgia is entitled to the floor on another meas-
ure. I know that the object of my colleague, as
well as of myself, is to keep this bill before the
body, and I suggest to him to take such steps in
relation to it as that it shall not be supplanted.
Mr. GWIN. By adjourning now, it will be
the unfinished business on Monday morning, and
we can then postpone it to any day which will
suit the Senate.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I desire to give notice
that I shall, as soon as I can get the floor on
Monday, or thereafter, move to take up the reso-
lution which I have heretofore introduced, as
forming a basis for a settlement and adjustment
of our difficulties, and ask the Senate to continue
to consider it to the exclusion of all other busi-
ness, until the resolution shall bo disposed of by
the Senate.
Mr. GWIN. I move that the Senate do now
adjourn.
Mr. KING. I hope the Senate will vote on
the motion which I made.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
state to the Senator from New York that there is
no message from the President except of an ex-
ecutive character.
Mr. KING. That is the very reason why I
desire to go into executive session. 1 moved to
go into executive session. That is my motion.
Mr. TOOMBS. Those who represent the
Administration should state what the message is.
The PRESIDINOKOFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator from California withdraw his motion?
Mr. GWIN. No, sir.
Several Senators, (t^Mr. King.) What is
the message?
Mr. KING. That is what 1 want to know.
We shall find out in executive session.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion to adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Monday, January 7, 1861.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Gurley.
The Journal of Saturday last was read and
approved.
Hon. Clement C. Clay, jr., -of Alabama,
appeared in his seat.
SENATOR RESIGNED.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before tho Sen-
ate a letter from Hon. Hannibal Hamlin,com-
municating copies of Setters addressed by him to
the presiding officers of the two Houses of the
Legislature of the State of Maine, resigning tho
office of Senator in the Congress of the United
States, to take effect on the 17th instant; which
was read, and ordered to lie on the-table. -
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS* - ' "**
The VICE PRESIDENT presented a petition
of citizens of the State of Kentucky, asking that
the Gove rnmcntcause the laws of the United States
for the recovery of fugitive slaves to be executed
by compelling the States in which they may be
found to give them up, the Federal Government
being, as they think, bound to protect the prop-
erty of its citizens of every description, and declar-
ing that the equal rights of all should be protected;
thatall true Americans should protect each others'
rights of property; and that they are ready to stand
by the Constitution and the Union; and will keep
the American flag floating in the breeze as long
as one star is left; which was ordered to lie on the
table.
Mr. HUNTER presented a memorial of cer-
tain importers of hardware at Louisville, Ken-
tucky, remonstrating against the passage of the
Morrill tarriff bill now before the Senate, with-
out certain modifications; which was ordered to
lie on the table.
Mr. GRIMES presented the petition of Samuel
Hallowel! and others, of Keokuk county, in the
State of Iowa, praying that pensions may be
granted to the soldiers of the war of 1812, who
served fourteen days or over, or were actually
engaged in battle, and to tho widows of those who
have died or may hereafter die; which was re-
ferred to tho Committee on Pensions.
Mr. KING presented two petitions of citizens
of New York, praying Congress to aid the Peo-
ple's Pacific Railroad Company, (established un-
der a charter obtained from the Legislature of the
State of Maine,) by a liberal donation of the
public lands, and such other assistance as a wise
and just policy may suggest; which were ordered
to lie on tho table.
Mr. BIGLER presented thirty-one petitions of
citizens of Philadelphia, praying the passage of
the resolutions introduced by Mr. Crittenden
into the Senate of the United States, on the 18th
of December last; which were ordered to lie on
the table.
Mr. TEN EYCK. I present the memorial of
0. S. Halsted, jr., and others, describing them-
selves as people of the State of New Jersey, with-
out regard to past political or party attachments,
in substance lequesting Congress to pass a joint
resolution at once, recommending the people of
the several States to hold conventions of the patri-
otic citizens of the Union, on the 22d of February
next, to appoint delegates to a national conven-
tion, to be held at Independence Hall, Philadel-
phia, on the 4th of March following, to promote
the general welfare and to devise and adopt such
measures as may tend to restore peace and har-
mony, and secure to each State and section of the
Union those rights, privileges, and immunities to
which they are justly entitled. I ask that the me-
morial be referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
It was so referred.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. CHANDLER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S No.
531) to change the name of the schooner Augusta,
to Colonel Cook; which was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on Commerce.
CONGRESSIONAL, ETC., DIRECTORY.
Mr. BROWN submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the .Secretary of the Senate be authorized
to procure liom tile publisher live hundred copies ot the De-
partment and Congressional Directory, to be accompanied
with the plans of the Senate, House of Representatives, and
Supreme Court of the United States, also a map of Wash-
ington city to each copy: Provided, That the cost per copy
shall not excccd tony-live cents.
REPORT OS A COMMITTEE.
Mr DAVIS, from the Committee on Military
Affairs and Militia, to whom was referred the
memorial of John W. Mason, of New York,
praying compensation for services of the ship
Lucy Thompson, in rescuing and transporting
to New York one hundred officers and soldiers
of the United States Army, submitted an adverse
report; which was ordered to be printed.
