1224
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 26,
Mr. FESSENDEN, Let us decide the ques-
tion.
Mr. CLARK. I want to get a statement, so
as id have a report before we vote the money; and
not vote the money first, and afterwards nave a
statement of the case.
Mr. BIGLER and others. Let the Chair de-
cide the question of order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair is
of opinion that tins is not a private claim; that it
has been introduced in pursuance of a law; and it
is simply to enable th^accounting officers to settle
the accounts of an officer under that law, and
therefore not a private claim within the meaning
of the rule.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I take an appeal from the
decision of the Chair.
Mr. BAYARD. An appeal has been taken by
the Senator from Maine 
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 would notmake a speech
about it.
Mr. BAYARD. I do not desire to extencKthe
debate; but I must say thai, if this is not a private
claim, and also one which is not to carry out any
existing law, 1 am unable to understand the mean-
ing of terms. It professes to be to settle the ac-
counts of a single individual; that is, for the pur-
pose of establishing a private claim, and to pay a
balance, riot exceeding acertainsum,if it be found
due to a single individual. It is not to carry out
an existing law. Being a private claim would
not alone bar it under the rule. It cannot be to
carry out an existing law, or this further legisla-
tion would not be necessary. The law,as itexists,
authorizes the settlement of any claim on the Gov-
ernment under the existing laws; and it must, of
necessity , be an attempt by legislation to relieve
a private claimant, or else there would be no rea-
son at all for adopting the amendment.
.Again: forms amount to a great deal in these
matters; and the language of the amendment is
dangerous in the extreme, in my judgment. It
gives unlimited discretion to the officer to whom
the matter is to be referred, to allow to the party
whatever he deems fair, reasonable, and just.
The words " equitable and just," are often used
in congressional laws, and they have received a
judicial interpretation; and hence they might be
safe. " Fair, reasonable, and just," must depend
on the discretion of the particular man; and then
on the other side, as to charging the party, he is
to be charged, not with anything that the law
requires him to be charged with, but he it? to be
charged with whatever the officer, m hisjudgment,
think-! he ought to be charged with. In other
words, it leaves the broadest discretion to the offi-
cer to decide as he pleases. There is no limita-
tion, except of the amount—§10,000. The ac-
counting officer has an absolute discretion under
the provisions of the amendment to make his de-
cision, and, it seems to me, without any limita-
tion whatever. It is in his discretion to charge
the party with what ho thinks he ought to be
• charged with, and to allow him what he thinks
fair, reasonable, and just. lie is not to charge
him what, on principle, he is legally chargeable
with, but what lie thinks he ought to be charged
with, under the language of the amendment. I
think it is dangerous in its character, and m the
language that is used in it.
Apait from that, how can it be anything else
than a private claim, and a private claim not to
carry into effect an existing law? There would
be no necessity at all for the amendment if it was
to carry out an existing law. If only a settle-
ment of the accounts was needed, the laws are
ample for that purpose. If there was a necessity
to make an appropriation to pay an acknowledged
claim contracted under an existing law, it would
be a different matter; but this is not an acknowl-
edged claim; it is not a claim under any existing
law, but it is asked to give a sufficient authority
for its allowance; and yet, gentlemen say it is not
a private claim.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I am very
glad that the Chair has decided the question as
he has done, and 1 think the decision is consist-
ent, not only with what has for many years been
the opinion of this body, but it is intimately allied
with onu of the very first principles that ought
always to govern in this body,and has governed
it; and that is, that the previous question shall
not be brought to bear in this Chamber. The
meaning of that is simply that, not only has a
Senator a right to address his remarks to any
question that is brought before this body; but that
that right shall be preserved in this Chamber
though it has been lost elsewhere, and that the
body may preserve a right to liberty of action.
If the course of decision insisted upon to-day,
and insisted upon with some success, should be
persevered in, the liberty of action of the Senate
will be entirely cut off. There have not always
been occupants of the chair disposed to rule
down the Senate to the lowest point in regard to
its own action. If the constructions that have
been insisted on to-day shall be carried into force,
the result of our rules will be, that they are made,
not for the purpose of promoting the business of
the body, but for the purpose of obstructing its
action. Whenever we shall reach that point, it
will be here as it is in the House of Representa-
tives, that half a dozen gentlemen will have con-
trol of the business, and will command a majority
of votes, and those who may be disposed to
rebel against the injustice of such a condition of
things will find themselves powerless to obtain
any kind of relief. It is of no use that liberty of
debate shall be preserved if liberty of action be
destroyed; and it is exactly to that condition that
we are to be reduced by a too stringent construc-
tion of the rule, which places it in the power of
Senators to deprive the body of the means of reach-
ing a piece of business, and exercising its own
discretion and its own judgment.
The ouginal iuIo, as well as I recollect, was,
that when a measure was presented by an author-
ized committee, a regular standing committee of
this body, it was entitled to be considered—not tQ
be passed, but to be considered—unless it was
distinctly a private claim. Here the Chair gives
his conception of the proposition. Others give
their conception of it. We differ upon the fact as
to whether it is a private claim or not. The Chair
is bound to give the most liberal construction that
can be given, if he discharges his duty rightfully
to this body. When a difference of opinion exists
as to whether it is or is not a private claim, no
one candecide for each individual member, except
the member himself, upon his own vote. The
judgment of the Senate should be taken upon each
measure, and it should not be choked down by
too stringent a construction of the rules.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. A point of or-
der having been raised and decided by the Chair,
an appeal lias been taken from thatdecision. The
question is, "Shall the decision of the Chair stand
as the judgment of the Senate ?"
Mr. FESSENDEN called for the yeas and
nays; and they were ordered.
Mr. WILKINSON. I do not pretend to know
a great deal about the rules; but I have listened
to some of the arguments here, and I must say
that the course which Senators—eood lawyers—
have taken in the discussion of this question of
order, the last two days, is very singular to me.
Yesterday I heard Senators argue that the amend-
ment offered by the Senator from Connecticut
[Mr. Dixon] should be ruled out because there
was not an original appropriation to pay for the
marble which was.got out for the Charleston cus-
tom-house. That was the argument that was
urged against that claim yesterday. Now, this
is a case where a public officer goes on with an
appropriation made in advance—an appropriation
made by Congress before any service was per-
formed—and discharges lusduty; taking it en-
tirely out of the reach of the rule that Senators
stated yesterday. Then it was argued that, if
there had been an original appropriation—if there
had been a provision of law in the first instance
for the payment of the demand winch was then
objected to, it would have been taken out of the
rule. Now, the same Senators get up here, and
argue that this case ought to be thrown out be-
cause it is a private claim, withoutany reference
to the existing law. What is the language of the
rule ?
" IV o amendment shall be leeeivcd whose object Is to
provide foi a private claim, unless it be to cany out the
provisions "t «ni exiting law, or a tieaty stipulation."
Now, 1 admit, assuming the argument to bo cor-
rect, that if these services had been performed
without an original appropriation, perhaps it would
have come within the rule; but here the appro-
priation is made in advance, and because the party
cannot get a just and fair settlement with the De-
partment, we are to be shut down when Senators
here who have the control of these things say
they must be shutout. Nobody must have any-
thing to say hero unless he comes in according to
the peculiar notions of certain gentlemen who stand
here to shut out every fair and honest claim that
may be offered. I care but very little whether
this is voted down or not. I suppose it will be,
because some gentlemen do not think it favors
their opinions.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 19, nays 17; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Bigler, Bingham, Chandler,
Clark, Fitch, Green, Hemphill, Johnson of Arkansas, John-
son of Tennessee, Kennedy, King, Lane, Latham, Nichol-
son, Powell, Sebastian, Wade, and Wilkinson—19.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Baker, Bragg, Cameron, Col-
lamer, Doolittle, Durkee, Fessenden, Foot, Grimes, Hale,
Harlan, Pearce, Simmons, Sunnier, Ten Eyck, and Wil-
son—17. 1
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The decision
of the Chair having been sustained, the question
before the Senate is the adoption of the amend-
ment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish to say a word.
As a member of the Committee on Finance, hav-
ing been intrusted and requested to bring forward
certain appropriation bills, and, if possible, get
them passed, I have thought it my duty to object
at different times to movements that were made,
which I thought out of order. I want it perfectly
understood that I have made these objections en-
tirely without reference to the individuals who
offered the amendments, or to the amendments
themselves, so far as their merits are concerned,
except on the simple principle that 1 supposed
them to be within the rules, and to have been de-
cided over and over again to be out of order. I
hear on different sides of the Chamber, when a
question is brought up, the observation that " cer-
tain gentlemen m the Senate are objecting to this
and objecting to that," as if they weredoing per-
sonal injury to the Senators. I think that ishardly
a fair way. The members of the Finance Com-
mittee have really not a very easy time of it, be-
ing obliged to stand ay these bills and get them
through. I hear other observations, when gen-
tlemen happen to fail in their own individual
movements with reference to amendments, that
the bill shall not pass this time or that time.
Now, sir, 1 really want gentlemen to under-
stand, in all good nature, what I think aboutthis
matter. Though I have been defeated a great
many times since I have been in the Senate, in
amendments which I have proposed, and have
had them ruled out of order very frequently, I
have never taken it as a personal injury to myself.
1 have borne it, been satisfied with the decision
of the Senate, took it in good temper, and trusted
that I might have better luck at another time, or
accomplish my object in some other way.
For myselfl have only to say, that I shall make
no attempt to keep my bills free (if I shall happen
to have charge of any more) of these matters, if I
must necessarily be considered as running against
the interests and the wishes of every individual
who happens to offer an amendment. I do not
think it is fair that 1 should be placed in the posi-
tion of having a personal quarrel with everybody
whose amendment I happen to object to. I have
always voted on these questions, simply with ref-
erence to the thing itself, and nothing else. If I
believed it out order, come from where it would,
my own side of the House or any other, I have
voted against it. If I believed it in order, I have
voted to receive it, without reference to anything
else but the question of order. If gentlemen will
only follow the same rule, we shall save a vast
deal of difficulty that occurs here. I take it that
it is no personal insult or persona) injury to any
Senator, when he offers an amendment, for me,
whether I am a member of the Committee on Fi-
nance or not, whether I have charge of the bill or
not, to raise a question of order on it, if I think
it out of order. It certainly ought not to apply
to one whose duty it is to raise the question in
taking care of his bills, to do everything he can
to keep them clear of what is objectionable. As
to this remark in regard to certain individuals in
the Senate, and certain Senators trying to keep
things off, I will only say, that every question has
been submitted to the Senate, and has been de-
cided by a majority one way or the other.
I make this explanation simply for the purpose
of saying that, whatever amendments Senators
lieieafter may choose to offer to this bill, they
