266
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 7,
You have no right to bring up scruples of that |
sort, or questions of that sort, against another.
This question of slavery has been, to no small
extent, connected with the question of religion.
The pulpit has taken it in hand; the pulpit has
become the minister of politicians, and politicians
have ministered to ministers of the Gospel, neither
to the benefit nor profit of the Gospel; and now
scruples—I may as well call them scruples of
religion as well as scruples about slavery—are
pleadedon one side. You do not plead it to nomine
as a religious preference that you are entitled to,
or as a religious distinction. You plead it, to be
sure, as a distinct opinion of your own upon the
subject of slavery; but you have been able to force
that question of slavery into a great political po-
sition before the country, by the aid of the pulpit,
it has become with some a religious feeling. I am
not one of those who feel a disposition to speak,
or allow myself to speak, disrespectfully of reli-
gion; but I point you to these things as facts that
wo see and know, that there has been a combina-'
tion, a mixing up, of thesequestions with religion
and with politics; and we are taught from the
pulpit daily, not of the political improvidence, not
of the political impolicy of slavery; but we are
taught that it is a great sin,and that we are to put
it far away from us.
Wow, suppose all this doctrine is right: does it
comeunderourConstitution? Doesiteomewithin
the principles of our Constitution that we shall
set up any such standard? The Constitution has
sot up a standard, and it is a standard of equal
justice and principle. It recognizes and estimates
each man, and each community of men, not ac-
cording to their religious opinions at nil, but
according to political rights; and their political
rights are equal, however different they may be
in their religious opinions, or in any conscientious
scruples, however honorable. We have no right
to apply such feelings to government. Our con-
science may be a very good governor for ourselves;
its teachings we may follow; but you have no
right to i-isist, nor have I any light to insist, that
I shall substitute my conscience for yours; or
that you shall condemn my conscience, and put
the penalty upon it of a forfeiture of my political
rights, if I continue to act upon it. You have no
right to do that. What is it now, my friends,
that is insisted upon ? Here is a vast community
sufficient in extent of territory, sufficient in the
number of its people, to make a respectable na-
tion. They have one opinion on this subjcct.
They have long practiced upon it. Society, edu-
cation, everything among them is molded upon
that institution. Now, of a sudden, it is demanded
of them, not directly as to the States; but the
principle upon which the policy is founded, how-
ever limited it may be in point of space, is the
sameinelleet. You demand that, notwithstanding
my lawful-practice, my lawfully acquired habits,
my lawfully acquired property,and all the notions
connected with it, and accommodated to it, I shall
lay them all aside, give them all up, and substi-
tute an idea in place of them—an idea of anti-
slavery.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Polk in
the chair.) It becomes the duty of the Chair to
state that there is a special order for the hour of
one o'clock, the resolution reported by the Sena-
tor from Kentucky, [Mr. Powell,] chairman of
the special committee of thirteen, on which the
Senator from Georgia [Mr. Toombs] has the
floor.
Mr. CRITTENDEN.- I beg leave to remind
the Chair that, when 1 moved to take up this res-
olution, I moved also that the Senate should con-
tinue to act upon it to the exclusion of all other
business until it was finally disposed of; and that
motion was adopted.
Mr. TOOMBS. I will state to the honorable
Senator that 1 would as soon make my remarks
on this icsolution as on any other, and therefore,
if he prefers it, I will take the floor on his own
proposition.
Mr CRITTENDEN. I shall be very glad to
give the aentleman the floor.
Mr. TOOMBS. If it suits the gentleman, I will
move to postpone the special order on which I had
the floor, and take the floor on his own resolu-
tions, if he prefers that course. If the Senator
desires to proceed now, I will yield to him, though
I expected to speak at one o'clock, or go on now
—which ever he prefers.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I would rather go on,
because I wish to conclude all that 1 have to say.
Mr. TOOMBS. Very well; I have no objec-
tion. I had the floor for one o'clock, but of course
I yield to the honorable Senator from Kentucky
as long as he desires to speak.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I shall be through very
soon.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
consider it, then, as the sense of the Senate, un-
less objection be made, that the Senator from
Kentucky shall proceed with his remarks upon
his own resolution.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. It is through a long
train of events, of party controversies, that the
country has been brought to its present deplor-
able condition, it would be idle to e<iy that in
the course of that long controversy all the blame
has been on one side, and all the right on the
other. Right and wiong have never been so ex-
clusively divided m any human controversy. We
have all contributed to excite those passions and
those feelings which now bring our country into
the most imminent peril. I shall not attempt to
balance this account, and show clearly which has
btten in the wrong. That would be an idle at-
tempt, and would do no good, if successful. It
is not to the past so much that I would allude as
to the present and the future. No matter whether
I have been the wrong doer or whether I have
received the wrong, when the question comes as
to the safety of the country, as to the safety of
the Constitution, I should act with a reference to
that object, and not to any past or present con-
troversies that I may have with parties or with
individuals.
Mr. President, I am not here as the advocate
of slavery. I am here as the advocate of the
Union, honestly, sincerely, zealously. I am
pleading for that; and I am pleading with the
Senate to do that which I believe will preserve
the Union and stop the course of revolution and
of war, and which alone I believe will do it. If
I plead for this solution of territorial difficulties,
it is because I believe it is necessary to save the
Union. Is it possible that any Senator could
believe, with respect to this arid and sterile Ter-
ritory, it could be an object with any gentleman
to desire the extension of slavery? I do not be-
lieve myself that slavery can ever be invited there.
Climate, soil, its remoteness fioni all the great
avenues of commerce, all tend, in my opinion, to
interpose natural barriers against it. That, how-
ever, is not so much the question as our right to
go there at all. You have no more right to take
away poor land than you have rich land, from
our settlement. Upon the principles of the Con-
stitution, you have no more right to take away
one than the other; and it is not so much the viola-
tion of territorial authority as it is the violation
of that principle of equality, that principle of
equal light upon which every section stands.
That the South has received some wi ong m the
course <>f our paity action, is, I think, most clear.
There has been introduced into this country, it
has grown up, forced on by party principles step
by step, without any man perhaps comprehend-
ing the whole conclusion and the whole extent of
it, until it has appeared in all its fearful propor-
tions, a great power, said to be the ruling power
of this country, that has introduced an anti-sla-
vei y system of policy in the United States. In
the original Constitution—and my friends from
the North look to that fact, and cherish it—the
woul "slave" is not to be found. How often
have we heard that repeated here, my friends 5
You cling to it with tenacity, as a great fact; and
yet what have you done ? Your system of policy,
that upon which you have triumphed—upon
which your platform rests—is nothing but anti-
slavery alone. Is this light? The opinions may
be right as private opinions; but under the Con-
stitution of the United States, upon the greatprin-
ciples and policies which it contemplated, was it
ever to be imagined, or is it ever to be justified,
that a great party should stand alone upon a sys-
tem of anti-slavery, making war by one section
upon another section—a war of opinion, if no
more ?
It is in vain that you endeavor to mitigate this
war of opinion, this war of denunciation, one
against another, one system against another, by
saying: "We do not lay our hands upon you;
we do not touch slavery in the States." But you
abuse and denounce the institution of one half
the States of your great country, and you know
where it must strike. That that has given great
alarm to some portions of the southern States,
ought not to surprise you. It is quite natural.
It will be something more than a mere common
inference, if, after having succeeded, if, after hav-
ing commenced the formation of you^-great party,
for the avowed purpose of retrieving what you.
supposed you had lost by the repeal of the Mis-
souri compromise, you now refuse not only to
restore that line, and to accept all the territory
| north of it, and only to yield up that the present
i state of things shall continue in the territory
! south until that territory becomes a State.
1 You have just succeeded in a great contest upon
| your anti-slavery system of policy. If now,just
at this critical time, in the moment of your great
victory, in the moment, as it may be supposed,
when you are confident, elated by that victory,
you refuse to give this security, and plant your-
selves proud!y*tmd sternly upon platforms and
dogmas, and say: " Wo will take no step back-
ward," have not the South some little cause to
complain? But, as generous men, as American
statesmen, as Americans, having an interest
throughout this whole great continent, are not
these motives sufficient to induce you to make, if
necessary, a compromise, and a liberal compro-
mise? Now that you are the victors, be just;
and not only just, but liberal. Less than this
will create more dissatisfaction, more misappre-
hension. Will you not do all in your power to
quiet and to put an end to these troubles?
I hope I shall not be understood as addressing
you with any language in a spirit of offense. I
do not. I appeal to you as my countrymen; I
appeal to you as statesmen; I appeal to you as
victors in a great political strife; and I implore
you to make your victory useful to your coun-
try and honorable to yourselves, by that greatest
of all acts which you can ever have the power or
i the opportunity to do, of saving that country by
settling this question. You are called upon to
make no concession. I do not concede that I ask
any concession in this proposition. It is nothing
more than justice, bare justice.
Allow me to recount here for a moment what
has been our history m relation to territorial ac-
quisitions from the peace of 1783 down to this
time. As I read from the book the other day,
you had at that time one hundred and sixty-six
thousand square miles, and the South six hun-
dred and fifty thousand square miles. How is it
now ? The first change in these proportions was
produced by the cession made by Virginia of all
the territory northwest of the Ohio, with a pro-
vision excluding slavery. That changed the pro-
portion, and made the North over four hundred
thousand square miles, and the South over three
hundred thousand square miles. The North, at
' this early period, and by means of this voluntary
cession, become the greater in point of territory.
i We went on to acquire Florida, Louisiana, and
what we conquered and purchased from Mexico.
All these various acquisitions have been so divided
out that, at this day, the North has two million
twohundred thousand square miles, and the South
less than one million square miles, even when
you have given her this Territory of New Mex-
ico. Given her, did I say ? You only agree that
the present state of law there, in respect to per-
j sons held to servitude, shall continue until it be-
comes a State—that is all. The condition it is
now in was not produced by force, or by any
fraud. It has obtained its present condition by
law, passed with the consent of the Senate of the
United States. The act of September 18, 1850,
gave authority to the Legislature to authorize and
sanction slavery.
Then, if we can settle this matter of difficulty
in relation to the Territories, there is, I think, in
all the other propositions, nothing that anybody
I can complain of. As to the fugitive slave law, it
! is only changed and altered so as to make it less
obnoxious to our fellow-citizens of the North.
That is the whole extent of the amendment.
Therefore that can be no ground of complaint on
the part of our northern friends.
As to the prohibition to abolish or prohibit sla-
very in the District of Columbia, and the places
1 under the special jurisdiction of Congress within
: the slave States, it seems to me that stands upon
; a ground that no man can deny. These Teruto-
