THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 26,
powers of this House, that they are called upon
by the most sacred obligations to discharge.-
Among the enumerated duties of the President,
in the Constitution, is one to see that the laws of
ihe United States are faithfully executed. To this
lie is bound by oath; to this all his subordinates
are alike bound. From these oaths, there is no
provision made by which they can be released.
Thisishisdnty. Amongthe very highest of the con-
stitutional obligations imposed upon this House—
perhaps the highest—is to see to it that the means
should be put into the hands of the Executive to
discharge his duties, and that the laws so putting
the means in his hands shall be well defined.
First of all, and above all, it is our duty to put
into his hands the power to discharge his duty,
and to point out the mode in which he shall ex-
ercise the power. Wc cannot release ourselves
from this obligation. We are required to pro-
vide laws for his calling forth the militia, and
accepting the services of volunteers to put down
insurrection, to repel invasion, and to secure the
faithful execution of the laws; and in addition to
that, to put into his hands power to exocute the
Constitution in all of its length—to carry out all
of Us provisions. This is the very scope, this is
the first great thing we are to look at. From this
obligation there can be no release. Yet, strange
to say, while this bill is clearly within its provis-
ions, and while the state of the country makes it
imperative that we should take action upon these
subjects—while we are thus called upon to dis-
chaige the highest duty known to the Constitu-
tion—we are met at the threshold, and this meas-
ure is denounced with great bitterness by the
distinguished gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Bo-
cock.."] The Constitution, in enumerating the
powers of Congress, gives authority—
" To provide for calling forth the militia to execute the
■lawsot the Union, suppress Insurrection, and lepoi inva-
sions; to make a!) laws which shall be necessary and
proper for carrying into execution the foregoing powers,
nnd all other powers vested by this Constitution in the
Government of the United States, or in any department or
othcer thereof "
Yet, sir, in the face of all this, this biU not only
meets opposition, but is denounced as being some-
thing extraordinary, something unheard of, some-
thing exceedingly odious. Why, Mr. Speaker, it
has occurred to me that that measure is sure to re-
ceive denunciation in this House just in propor-
tion as it is constitutional, and as it proposes to
make provision to carry out the Constitution. I
know of nothing which is moie sure to receive
denunciation hcic than the plain provisions of the
Constitution, and I am almost prepared to say, if
a stranger were to come here from some other coun-
try and look down upon our proceedings for a
few consecutive hours, the first question he would
ask himself would be: " What country is repre-
sented here? Whose representatives are these?
What country in opposition to the United States
and in opposition to the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States has representatives and controlling in-
fluence here upon this floor?" Nothing so read-
ily excites gentlemen, nothing secures such bitter
denunciation as a proposition to execute the Con-
stitution.
Mr. Speaker. I have already said, during the
progrcssof this debate, that the first duty, the high-
est duty of any Government,and perhaps one that
goes back of all constitutions, is the duty of self-
pieservation. And in that is involved the duty of
protecting and defending the means of self-defense.
Vet, sir, while sixteen forts, a vast amount of
arms and ammunition, custom-houses and post
offices and other public property have been seized
and held against the United States, while these
acts of war have been transpiring, they seem to
excite no extraordinary surprise, and least of all,
any indignation. But the moment it is proposed
that the executive department of the Government
shall defend the Constitution, defend the Govern-
ment, that moment we are met by denunciation.
We are told that gentlemen will get excited if we
propose to defend the Government. I should not
wonder if they did. It looks very much like it.
But, nevertheless, the question returns, what is
our constitutional duty, and what means shall we
find to release ourselves from that obligation, or
what excuse if wc neglect to discharge it? I will
not do anything unnecessarily to excite, or un-
necessarily to provoke any portion of our breth-
ren. God forbid that I should advocate any ex-
treme measures. 1 would have the olive branch
of peace ever go before the implements of power;
ever before the defensive exercise of power—and
no other exercise of power is contemplated or
ought to be. Before you use your power defens-
ively, I would try every means of conciliation.
The olive branch of peace should ever go before.
Nevertheless, the issue is continually forced upon
us, arid we must meet it.
The gentleman from Virginia denounced this
bill in terms, to my ears, sounding very strange,
exceedingly bitter, and almost to satisfy my mind
—or would quite, if I had not known the gentle-
man so well—that there was lurking beneath it a
secret hostility to the Government itself. While
this is the case, in the very next breath he de-
nouncedusforwithholdingall conciliation—refus-
ing to make any terms, or any overtures of peace
"What compromise would the gentleman have?
It is true that our ears have been filled with loud
complaints of aggressions upon the South, and
infringements of their rights. I do not say that
these charges are not made in good faith; but they
are wonderfully peculiar in this: that they utterly
fail to specifically point out what they want, or
what the grievance is. In one breath, we are told
that the people of the North have become hostile
to the institutions of the South. Yet, sir, in the
first State that seceded—South Carolina—on the
very day that the ordinance of secession was
passed, in the debate that took place, a gentleman
rose in his place in that convention, and, without
rebuke, said, "We have consummated the work
of forty years." Another one said, "We have
torn down the Government around us, and now
we must construct another." It would seem that
this had been the work for forty years; and if trea-
son had been festering for forty years, out of the
seventy-two years of our existence, it will hardly
do for gentlemen to justify this movement of
secession upon the ground that northern public
sentiment has become suddenly hostile. Out of
their own mouths let them be judged.
We are told that the Territories are the great
source of difference between the two sections. I
admit it has been at various periods of our history,
but it is a singular fact that we have not one foot
of territory in the United States, claimed by the
South, which is not already under an organic law,
made specifically as a compromise only ten years
ago. The highest claim they make is that they
shall have all the territory up to 3G° 30', while
the North may have all north of that line. Sir,
all the territory south of that line is under the
compromise measures of 1850, except the Indian
Territory, which is under a treaty which prevents
our touching it at all. What compromise would
you have? Would you have us, first of all, tear
down one which was made a finality only ten
years ago ? Hence it is, that the proposition re-
ported from the committee of thirty-three, by my
friend from Ohio, [Mr. Corwin,] instead of pro-
posing a new compromise upon this subject, pro-
poses simply to carry out and execute the old
law; not that we indorse the principle of that law,
not that we would vote for such a law as a new
proposition, but that, as it is upon the statute-
book, an organic law, a compromise, under which
settlements have taken place, it might not appear
to be our duty to disturb the peace of the country
by destioyiug that; therefore we propose to exe-
cute the law.
What more have you the right to claim upon
this subject? We have acquired no territory since
1850. Then the whole country was excited from
one end to the other; the Union was threatened,
a compromise was made, and now you declare
that we shall break it down in order to introduce
another. 1 tell you you cannot do it; and as the
gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Bocock] saw tit to
appeal to us in regard to the ration and sentiment
of the northern people, I tell him he will get no
justification from the people anywhere.
Look, again, at the beginning of the last ses-
sion of Congress. Our friends who supported the
Bell and Everett ticket, our friends known as
Americans, under the lead of the distinguished
gentleman from North Carolina, [Mr. Gilmer.,]
held a caucus, adopted a platform, brought into
the House resolutions, and the purport of those
resolutions were, that inasmuch as the whole
difficulty was settled by the compromise measures
of 1850, so far as the Territories were concerned,
and that having been acquiesced in by the Demo-
cratic convention in Baltimore, and by the Wing
convention at Baltimore in 1852, and having been
acquiesced in by the whole country, we ought to
stand fair and square upon that compromise, and
that should be the platform for the election of a
Speaker. Now, the proposition reported here
by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Corwin-,]
proposes, so far as you are concerned, and the
preservation of your rights, the very same thing
Another source of grievance has been the exe-
cution of the fugitive slave law. We all know
that that law was exceedingly odious to the north-
ern States in some of its features; but the Presi-
dent in his message tells us that the law has been
executed in every case during his administration.
Whether that be literally true, I do not know; I
state the authority as I receive it. And do you
propose to disrupt the Government because of
the hostility to this law, when the Chief Magis-
trate tells us it has been executed in every case.
Again: the percentage of loss upon your run-
away slaves is less than that upon your horses.
You take the whole value of your slaves, and the
value of those who have run away, and the per-
centage of loss is less than it is upon your horses.
But be this as it may, that law may be easily
amended, so as to make it more effective, perhaps,
in securing your rights, while it would be less
odious to the northern people.
Another thing that has been urged is, that there
has been difficulty about the rendition of fugitives
from justice. I admit that some difficulty has
sprung up upon that subject, growing out of the
peculiarities of local statutes upon the one side or
the other. But that is very easy of adjustment.
You only need to establish a uniform rule, and
turn it over to the courts of the United States, so
thatyourdecisions will be uniform; and then equal
justice will be secured upon all sides.
Now, these are substantially all the grievances
enumerated; and how thinner than air they be-
come upon simple examination! It is true, the
soutlvern people have been excited to frenzy by
representations that the Republican party intend
to use tli£ power of the General Government to
abolish slavery within the States. This was dis-
tinctly denied in the Chicago platform, and it was
distinctly denied in the resolution which passed
this House tfie other day by-a unanimous vote
There is not a Republican in all the northern
States who ever thought of such a thing, or ever
desired such a thing. Nay, there is not one that
would tolerate it; because the freedom ofourStates
rests upon the exercise of State sovereignty there.
Our States are free, because the sovereign power
of our States makes them free. Your States are
slave States, because the exercise of State sover-
eignty has made them slave States. If we should
permit the General Government to destroy slavery
m one of your States, we should thereby admit
their right to establish it in all the free States. The
attempt to do this thing would produce, sooner
than anything else, civil war; and it would not be
confined to the southern States It is all a mis-
apprehension. Perhaps one half of the men in the
southern States who voted for secession, voted
believing that hostility to slavery might produce
such a result. It is most preposterous.
Mr. Speaker, when the madness of the hour
shall pass away; when this excitement shall have
d/sappecned; when men shall look at these things
coolly, they will denounce this whole movement
as the most causeless revolt to be fou#d in the
history of the world. There has been nothing
like it since Lucifer and his angels were thrown
over the battlements of Heaven. There is no
foundation for it. There are no difficulties here
which might not be settled, and, in my judgment,
they ought to be settled But remaining unset-
tled, what is the duty of Congress? They have
but one duty to perform, and that is, to move on
with moderation, with coolness, with wisdnm;but
with unflinching firmness to the discharge of every
great constitutional duty—namely, the execution
of the laws of the Union, the defense of the Union,
the public property of the Union; in short, the
execution of the Constitution. This must be done
There is but one tribunal which can release them
from it,and that is thesovereign power thatframed
the Constitution. That is the only power that
can dissolve this Government; and until it is dis-
solved, our duty is not doubtful, nor will the final
result prove uncertain.
1 suppose the idea of those gentlemen who at-
tack the bill so violently is that, in some way,
