1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
rips have been ceded to the General Government
by slave States. It could not be expected or ap-
prehended that it was supposed that Congress
would abolish slavery in little spots within the
midst of the slaveholding States. At the time this
cession was made, was any such thing contem-
plated by any one? Is it to be presumed it was?
If not, would it not be bad faith oil the part of the
Government, to say the least of it, to use its juris-
diction for purposes which they supposed inju-
rious to them, and not contemplated by any of
the parties at the time of the cession ? Good faith
requiring that these things should not be done,
would it be too much to ask you, as an assurance
that it shall not be done, to declare that the Con-
stitution ought not to be so construed as to give
power to do it? I think there can be 110 question
about that.
I do not intend to go more particularly or pre-
cisely into the argument 011 tins question at this
time, and I hope it will never be required at my
hands hereafter. There are some questions in-
volved in this matter ill relation to the country,
upon which I desire merely to give my opinion.
I have said that all parties have been to blame in
these controversies. It is so of necessity. Our
infirmities necessarily lead to that in all long-con-
tinucd controversies. It lias been so here. Who
can say that the South has not acted rashly?
Who can say that the South is not now acting
unwisely? I cannot. To say nothing of the past
political errors which they have committed, but
to look to the present, I do not believe in this
right of secession. It is a new doctrine. It has
sprang up and grown wonderfully in a very few
years. It is not named in the Constitution. It
lias 110 name anywhere in all our code of laws. If
it means anything at all, it is revolution; and not-
withstanding the attempts to secede from the bold
front and character of revolution, it is nothing but
a lawless violation of the Constitution. That is
my opinion. I do not intend to argue it; but I
wish to take the responsibility of saying, in these
momentous times, when the Constitution of the
country is apt to be run down, and trodden down;
when a right of secession is urged; a right to go
off,and to take with them forts, and arsenals, and
everything prepared for the common defense, that
I cannot agree with it. It is new to me. It is of
modern growth.
But, sir, I do not desire to be carried off into
that question. I want only to bear my testimony
for the Constitution of my country. I want it to
be known—and, as far as my poor voice can go,
it shall go—that this Constitution, so far from its
beingliable to be broken by anybody that chooses
to secede, as they call it, is a grand and inviolable
instrument upon which no man should lay his un-
hallowed hand, or attempt to withdrawhimself. If
he is oppressed, let him take the responsibilities of
revolution; let him defy the war; let him proclaim
himself a revolutionist, and not attempt to hide
his revolution in the little subtiltics of law, and
the little subtil ties with which he surrounds seces-
sion, as it is called. 1 do not believe ill it. It is
110 justification. My honorable friend from Louis-
iana [Mr. Benjamin] quotes Mr. Madison and Mr.
Webster as authority for this doctrine. Why,
sir, if the gentleman had extended his inquiry a
little further, he would have seen that no doctrine
was ever repudiated more precisely, exactly, and
sternly, than thisdoctrineof secession was by Mr.
Madison; and Mr. Webster's name and fame are
identified with the argument by which he v:as
supposed to havedestroyed every pretexton which
such a doctrine could stand. If it is intended
merely as another name for revolution, be it so.
I do not know that gentlemen have not a right to
so denominate their actions if they please; but a
constitutional right to break the Constitution—a
constitutional right to destroy the Union—would
be indeed a strange form of government.
I am for the Union; but, my friends, I must be
also for the equal rights of my State under this
great Constitution and in thisgreat Union. You
must be prepared to grant them. I hope you will
be. You desire to maintain the Union. You say
you do. I believe it. I do. But we must pre-
serve it 011 the proper terms of equal respectand
equal regard. The dogma ot my State is, that
she has as much right to go into the Ierritories
with her slaves as you, who do notchoose to hola
such pronerty, have to go without them. That is
their doa 111 a. 'Would it not be best for both of
us to renounce the pretension to go on its own
dogma at the expense of the other, and let us
make that odious thing,if itmustbe called so—a
compromise—again to restore our fellowship and
our brotherhood. Balance the consequences of a
civil war and the consequences of your now agree-
ing to the stipulated terms of peace here, and see
how they compare one with another. I will not
repeat again what is asked of you. It is but a
trifle 111 point of territory, a trifle in point of any
material value that can be assigned to it, and there
is no breach of any principle. It is an exception,
and a fairexception upon exceptional grounds, to
the principle you avow. On the the other side,
you have civil war 
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator from Kentucky give way to the Senatorfrom
Illinois?
Mr; CRITTENDEN. Yes, sir.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Will the Senator allow
me to ask him, if lie has any assurance that civil
war is to be averted by his resolution; if he does
not know that a State has already undertaken to
secede, and says she wants no compromise, and
will have none?
Mr. TOOMBS. I must here interpose, and
remind my friend from Kentucky, that I did not
expect to sunender up the day, or that he would
open a new discussion of anything else. That
was not my understanding of the arrangement
between us. He is now running off into a new
field with other gentlemen. I yielded for the pur-
pose of allowing the Senator to explain his projet;
but I did not intend to give up the whole day.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I did nothear my friend
quite well.
Mr. TOOMBS. I say it was not my under-
standing that this debate should be extended with
other gentlemen; but I gave way to allow him to
explain his projet. I had not expected to yield
the day to the Senator from Kentucky. That
was not my understanding. There is some mis-
understanding between us, I presume. I merely
yielded for an explanation of the projet.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. The gentleman, then,
shall have the floor.
Mr. President, it is proper that I should answer
the question of the Senator from Illinois. I be-
lieve it will. Of course, I cannot say for certain;
I may be mistaken. I believe it firmly, and I be-
lieve it without a doubt. It may not satisfy all.
I never expected it would. That it will satisfy a
sufficient portion of the country to preserve tile
pcace, and to preserve the Union everywhere, is
my belief. 1 think, if the gentleman is disposed
to grant it, he will find m the experiment that all
this commotion will be put an end to, not instantly.
It may have commenced already, for all I know,
in Charleston. It may not satisfy South Caro-
lina. Hers is a peculiar case; but 1 believe it will
satisfy almost all the southern States; at any rate,
to such an extent that there will be no further pro-
ceeding in this revolution, 110 further secession,
no further revolution. That is my belief; and I
hope and trust, sir, that we shall make the exper-
iment. I feel confident of the result, and that it
will be the restoration of peace among us, and
then these gentlemen may go on honorably in this
new Administration to serve the country. Let
them commence now by this first glorious act of
pacification. It will be a noble starting point. But
let them go on without it, let them think the best
way is to take the sword in hand, and woe be to
them; woe be to those who are, under that policy,
to administer this Government! If the sword is
to be the only weapon relied upon, then woe to
your Administration I Your victory will be turned
to blood and ashes. Grant these measures, and
you will bring happy and glorious days to our
whole country.
I now give place, Mr. President, to the Senator
from Georgia.
Mr. TOOMBS. Mr. President and Senators,
I obtained the floor last Thursday with a view of
addressing this body upon the various proposi-
tions which were submitted to the committee of
thirteen, of which I was a member. I am indif-
ferent as to this substitution; but not havingseen
the proposition of the Senator from Kentucky,
my remaiks will be confined mainly to the action
of the committee of thiiteen. This, I understand,
is somewhat like one of the propositions, though
not identically that one, to which I may have oc-
casion to advert in the course of my Argument on
the propositions submitted by the honorable Sen-
ator from Kentucky in the committee of thirteen.
The success of the Abolitionists and their allies,
under the name of the Republican party-, has pro-
duced its logical results already. They have for
long years been sowing dragons' teeth, and have
finally got a crop of armed men. The Union,.sir,
is dissolved. That is an accomplished fact in the
path of this discussion that men may as well heed.
One of your confederates has already, wisely,
bravely, boldly,.confronted public danger; and
she is only ahead of many of her sisters because
of her greater facility for speedy action. The
greater majority of those sister States, under like,
circumstances, consider her cause as their cause;
and I charge you in their name to-day, " Touch
not Seguntum." It is not only their cause; but.
it is a cause which receives the sympathy and
will receive the support of tens and hundreds of
thousands of honest patriotic men in the non-
slaveholdingStates,who haveliitherto maintained
constitutional rights, who respect their oaths,
abide by compacts, and love justice. And while
this Congress, this Senate and this House of Rep-
resentatives, are debating the constitutionality and
the expediency of seceding from the Union, and !
while the perfidious authors of this mischief are f
showering down denunciations upon a large poi- j
tion of the patriotic men of this country, those |<
brave men are coolly and calmly voting what you if
call revolution—ay, sir, doing better than that:
arming to defend it. They appealed to the Con-
stitution, they appealed to justice, they appealed
to fraternity, until the Constitution, justice, and
fraternity were no longer listened to 111 the legis-
lative halls of their country, and then, sir, they
prepared for the arbitrament of the sword; and
now you see the glittering bayonet, and you hear
the tramp of armed men from your capital to the
Rio Grande. It is a sight that gladdens the eyes
and cheers the heart of other millions ready to
second them. Inasmuch, sir, as I have labored
earnestly, honestly, sincerely, with these men to
avert this necessity so long as I deemed it possi-
ble, and inasmuch as I heartily approve their
present conduct of resistance, I deem it my duty
to state their case to the Senate, to the country,
and to the civilized world.
Senators, my countrymen have demanded no
new Government; they have demanded 110 new
Constitution. Look to their records at home and
here from the beginning of this national strife
until its consummation in the disruption of the
Empire, and they have not demanded a single
thing except that you shall abide by the Consti-
tution of the United States; that constitutional
rights shall be respected, and that justice shall be
done. Sirs, they have stood by your Constitu-
tion; they have stood by all its requirements; they
have performed all of its duties unselfishly, un-
calculatingly, disinterestedly, until a party sprang
up in this country which endangered their social
system—a party which they arraign, and which
they charge before the American people and all
mankind, with having made proclamation of out-
lawry against four thousand millions of their
property in the Territories of the United States;
with having put them under the ban of the Em-
pire in all the States in which their institutions
exist, outside of the protection of Federal laws;
with having aided and abetted insurrection from
within and invasion from without, with the view
of subverting those institutions, and desolating
their homes and their firesides. Forthese causes
they have taken up arms. I shall proceed to
vindicate the justice of their demands, the patriot-
ism of their conduct. I will show the injustice
which they suffer and the rightfulness of their
lesistance.
I shall not spend much time on the question that
seems to give my honorable friend [Mr. Critten-
den] so much concern—the constitutional right of
a State to secede from this Union. Perhaps ha
will find out after a while that it is a fact accom-
plished. You have got it in the South pretty
much in both ways. South Carolina has given
it to you regularly, according to the appioved
plan. You are getting it just below there, [in
Georgia,] I believe, irregularly, outside of law,
without regular action. You can take it either
way. You will find armed men to defend both.
I have stated that the discontented States of this
Union have demanded nothing but clear, distinct,
