1.228
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 26,
the House [Mr. Pryor] has proceeded on the
same line of argument that has been adopted by
his predecessors—many of them from the same
State—all, apparently, taking the same course of
declamation and declaration and denunciation m
regard to this bill. None of them seem to meet it
fairly; but they seek to break it down by a cry
of war, a cry of coercion, a cry of oppression.
They are determined to keep the public mind in-
flamed and bewildered , rather than to look clearly
and fairly at the questions before Congress.
The gentleman who last addressed the House
has disclosed hispurpose. 1 commend him for his
frankness; and I have been surprised at the argu-
ments of his predecessors, because they seemed to
be addressed to the fears or prejudices of some-
body. 1 did not see why they should address
such arguments to their peers on this floor. 1
thought,possibly,they wereiti tended for the gal-
leries. They cry " war." They constantly de-
clare our purpose is coercion; while everything
we do, and everything wo say, has a different
bearing. The gentleman hopes we will pass this
bill. He defiantly challenges us to pass it, in order
thai it may arouse ilie people of Virginia and the
South. He does not address your reason, does
not speak to this House of which he is a mem-
ber; but speaks to the conventions and assem-
blages of the South that are prepared to take ac-
tion against his own mother country.
What is the attitude of this measure? It is
very true that some portions of our country are
in a state of rebellion and civil war. The gentle-
man says that States have seceded, and are there-
fore an independent confederacy, outside of this
Republic. That very statement ought to put us
on our guard as a nation, and invite the sympa-
thy and patriotism of our people. It ought to
induce us to invest the Government with all the
power ana appropriations and protection neces-
sary to enable it to exercise all its functions. If
we are a nation, we ought to show it when the
country is thus exposed to disaster. A distin-
guished writer has said that the pillars of a nation's
sovereignty are'' good ness, wisdom, and power.''
If you are a true patriot and love your country,
if you know the true meaning of the words "my
country," if you feel the same emotions that a
German, an Englishman, or a Frenchman feels
when Ins country is assailed, you will do all that
you can to give force and ellect to those gieat
pillars which suppoi t the country we enjoy. Has
not your mother country been pure and generous?
Has she not preserved your homes in peace ? Has
she not secured for us extraordinary prosperity as
a nation ? Do you not love that flag that was un-
furled for your protection in the days of the Rev-
olution? "Do you not love that flag which has
triumphed on a thousand fields, which has been
carried into foreign countries, and triumphantly
placed upon foreign standards? I had supposed
there is no nation in the, woild, no people on earth,
that would not spring to arms when their country
is assailed by a foreign or domestic foe. Here our
moihai1 country, our nursing mother, is assailed;
alas! assailed by her own ungrateful and unnatu-
ral children. She has borne much and suffered
long. She has been assailed in the executive
chambers. Traitors have been skulking behind
executive robes, and they have stabbed her in ihe
Senate Chamber. They have drawn their mur-
derous weapons upon her, and stabbed hei in her
own national halls. In this House, too, she has
been assailed with the same ruthless parricidal
ferocity. With tears and anguish she appeals in
vain to hei childien, who, instead of clasping her
iti affection, come into this Hall and show their
bloody dangers, reeking with the blood drawn
from their own mother's bosom—from that bosom
which sustained and nourished them—and vaunt
the glory of their achievement. And if she raise
her hand to repel these attacks and resist her utter
destruction, her assailants threaten to call upon
the whole family to aid them in the accomplish-
ment of their murderous purposes. They say
that she shall not exercise her functions; that those
who assail Her shall be protected. She is to be
disarmed, and her loyal sons are not to be per-
mitted to rally around her standards.
Sir, this country is not my country more than
it is yours; this is not my flag more than it is
yours. We are all bound by a common compact.
That compact is an agreement with all for the
protection of each; an agreement with each for
the protection of all. That is the nature of our
Government and of ail Governments. If you de-
sire to protect and sustain your Government,
why should you not call upon the people of the
country, her loyal sons, to rally around her, and
protect and preserve her in this her day of trial
arid tribulation ?
I have said, Mr. Speaker, that the great pillars
of a nation are goodness, wisdom, and power.
Alas, I fear that the wisdom of our fathers may
have passed away. I fear that this generation
which has heard the story of the Revolution from
the very lips of those who participated in secur-
ing our liberties, we who have inherited the great
blessings of this Government, and ought to sus-
tain it, have not inherited also that wisdom and
patriotism which guided our fathers. Let us,
however, try to exercise such wisdom as has been
conferred upon us, for we have a fearful re-
sponsibility resting on us; and for the manner in
which we shall discharge our duties, we will have
to answer to future generations. The erection of
this national Government was the glory of one
generation: it will be the shame of that genera-
tion which destroys "it. There can be no glory
derived from its destruction. We who partici-
pate to-day in administering the Government, can
acquire no honor, no glory, no laurels, by any
participation in the destruction of such a Govern-
ment. Our fathers acquired immortality in the
erection of this glorious republican Government;
it will be an everlasting shame and disgrace to us
if we suffer it to fall in our day and generation.
But, besides goodness and wisdom, I have said
another essential attribute is adequate power. A
Government without power is no Government at
all. A law without sanction is no law. It is a
mere counsel, a mere advice. If you say to your
neighbor, "you shall not steal," thatisavery wise
ad monition, but no security againstlarceny. Laws
everywhere carry with them a penalty,and are to
be executed with certainty and fidelity, or they are
a cheat and phantom. Therefore you have courts,
constables, marshals, armies, navies, militia; you
have these powers and functions surrounding
the Government for the purpose of executing its
laws. Is it possible that we have no power to
sustain the Constitution, no power to execute the
laws ? Laws are not made on absolute principles
of light and wrong, but are designed to govern
and control men for the common interests of so-
ciety. Constitutions are made for the purpose of
holding States together, and as a united compact
render our peace and prosperity safe and certain;
but without power, there would be no Constitu-
tion and no law, and society will relapse into uni-
versal anarchy. The great fundamental principle
of the Government is, that its vitality shall be pro-
tected and maintained. All writers say that the
first duty of a Government is to protect itself.
Self-preservation, therefore, is the first law of na-
tions, and is the first law of ours; and no consti-
tutional provision is necessary to establish this
self-evident proposition.
To say that we have not the constitutional
power to protect ourselves is an absurdity;and to
say that we are going to revolutionize ourselves,
is to say that we are going to commit suicide,
and conclude our career as a felo de se. Can it be
possible, does anybody suppose, that the Federal
Government designs to create revolution; that it
designs to pioniote civil war; that it designs to de-
stroy itself? Does anybody reallysupposeanation
would be guilty of the lolly of raising soldiers for
the purpose of desolating and destroying its own
fair proportions? Is there any President, any
prince, any potentate, that would, with purpose
and power, seek to destroy his own power? And
will our Government, our republican Govern-
ment, disregard this fundamental principle of self-
presen alion ? If, then, we ask the power of this
Government to be increased, it is because there is
imminent clangor admitted by everybody; it is
because its life is imperiled; anditis needed, there-
fore, strictly for self-defense; for that, and noth-
ing else. It is for the sake of peace that we ask
that this Government shall have more power. If
gentlemen will look at the provisions of the bill,
they will see that it has the same provisions pre-
cisely that have been always incorporated m bills
of this kind for the protection and preservation
of the peace of ihe country. Ithas this one idea:
that the Government shall protect and preserve
itself.
In 1792, in pursuance of that provision of the
Constitution requiring the Government to protect
itself against in vasion, against" in surrection," and
against "domestic violence," a law was enacted
for the same purpose; and this law has been in
existence—amended in some of its provisions—
ever since that day. Since 1792, then, the essen-
tial principles of this till now under consideration
have been upon your statute-books, and exist
there now. It was just as broad then as it is now.
The law of 1792 gave the same discretionary
power, placed in the hands of the President, to call
out forces, as we propose in the present bill, which
does.not change the old law. If, then, gentlemen
complain of the latitude of this bill—and that is
one of the complaints and denunciations made
against this bill—if it is so broad as to give the
President power to suppress insurrection, and
to repel invasion, you may go back in the history
of the country ana say that General Washington
had the same power of which gentlemen no w com-
plain with such vehemence. Jefferson had the
same power, every President has had the same
power, to call out the militia at his own discre-
tion , whenever he might deem it necessary to sup-
press insurrection; or, in the language of the law
of 1795, when "the laws shall be opposed, or
their execution obstructed, by combinations too
powerful to be suppressed by the ordinary course
of judicial proceedings."
Mr. SIMMS. Will the gentleman allow me
to call his attention to a clause in the Constitution
upon this point?
Mr. CURTIS. Certainly.
Mr. SIMMS. The gentleman says this bill
embodies the same principle as the act to which
he has just referred. Wow, I assert that this bill
is in express violation of the Constitution of the
United States. I will read the clause of the Con-
stitution to which I refer, and I will then chal-
lenge any gentleman upon the other side of the
House to deny it.
Mr. CURTIS. The gentleman does not com-
prehend the point I am making. It is, that the
laws which were first enacted upon ihis subject
have always been upon the statute-books, and
they give to the President all the power which is
necessary to repel invasion and suppress insur-
rection, and to prevent civil war.
Mr. SIMMS. I wish to call the attention of
the gentleman to the fact, that this bill authorizes
the President of the United States to commission
the officers of the volunteers who are accepted
under the provisions of this bill.
Mr. CURTIS. That is true.
Mr. SIMMS. Here is the clause of the Con-
stitution to which I refer:
" To provide for organizing and arming and disciplining
the militia, and for governing such part of them as may be
employed ill the service of the United States, reserving to
the States respectively the appointment of the officers, and
the authority of training the militia, according to the dis-
cipline proscribed by Congress."
Now, sir, this bill provides that the President
shall commission the officers of the volunteers to
be called out, while the Constitution of the United
States expressly reserves that right to the author-
ity of'tlie States. The power to appointTs the
power to commission, and the Government has
never before assumed to usurp this expressly
reserved right of the States.
Mr. CURTIS. That is a point to which I am
very glad the gentleman from Kentucky has called
my attention; for I desire to show that the bill
does not contravene the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States in any particular, although itwasnotin
the line of my argument at this time to go into the
consideration of the details of the bill. But, sir,
that is one of the denunciations of gentlemen upon
the other side of the House against this bill. The
law does not appoint the officers; the Constitu-
tion authorizes theGovernors or State authorities
of the States, to appoint or select the officers; but
when they shall have been mustered into the ser-
vice of the United States, they may then be com-
missioned under the laws of the United States.
The selection of officers is one thing, and the
commissioning of them is another. If 1 am not
mistaken, in the Mexican war, officers of volun-
teer forces, after they were mustered into the ser-
vice of the United States, were commissioned by
the President.
Mr. PHELPS. I desire to ask the gentleman
from Iowa whether the officers of the volunteer
forces mustered into the service of the United
