1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1229
States were not commissioned by the authorities
of the States in which they were raised?
Mr. CURTIS. Certainly.
Mr. PHELPS. Which was in accordance with
the Constitution of the United States; while the
proposition in this bill, authorizing the President
to commission them, is a violation of that instru-
ment.
Mr. CURTIS. When I said "certainly," I
intended to say that certainly they were appointed
by the State authorities;but when they had been
mustered into the service of the United States,
they received substantially, if not actually, com-
missions from.the Federal Government. The
exact form of commission is purely a matter of
moonshine. When these volunteers are mustered
into the service of the United States, they are under
the operation of the laws of the United States, and
the officers are in fact Federal officers. A commis-
sion then given to them is nothing more or less than
a certificate that they are recognized as being in
the service of the United Suites, subject to the
laws of the United States, to he umW the regu-
lations and pay of the United States Army.
Mr. PHELPS. Do 1 understand the gentle-
man from Iowa as saying, that the officers of the
volunteer forces in the Mexican war, called into
service from outside the District of Columbia,
were commissioned by the President of the United
States?
Mr. CURTIS. They arc recognized as being
in the service and pay of the United States, under
the command of the President; and that is, in
effect, a commission. The particular form of com-
mission is of no consequence. The fact of their
condition as commissioned officers in the service
of the United States is implied or expressed.
They were in the service of the United States;
they were acknowledged to be officers of the
United States Army; and they were, in fact, com-
missioned as officers of the United States Army.
Eat, sir, I do not wish to be drawn oft' from the
line of my argument.
Mr. HUGHES. With the permission of the
gentleman from Iowa, I desire to say that not in
one single solitary case during the war with Mex-
ico was any officer of the volunteer forces, outside
the District of Columbia, ever commissioned by
the President of the United States. There is the
greatest difference in the world between being
mustered into service and conferring upon the
President power to sclcct and commission the offi-
cers. In that war, the officers were uniformly
selected by the authorities of the States; the mode
of selection varying in the several States, in ac-
cordance with the laws thereof. They were com-
missioned by the authorities of the States, and
then mustered into the service of the United States;
and their commissions were, not at the disposal of
the President when the oflicers hod been so mus-
tered into service; but whenever, by resignation
or dismissal, vacancies occurred, the new coin-
missions always came from the Governors of the
States.
Mr. PHELPS. That was the practice, cer-
tainly.
Mr. RUST. I want to ask the gentleman from
Iowa whether he did not hold command of a regi-
ment of volunteers in the Mexican war?
Mr. CURTIS. I did.
Mr. RUST. Now I want to inquire of the gen-
tleman, from whom he received his commission?
Mr. CURTIS. There was no one connected
with the volunteer forces, perhaps, who had more
to do with mustering forces into service, or who
had a better opportunity of understanding what
was the practice upon that point, than myself.
At the commencement of that war I was author-
ized by the President to superintend the calling
of volunteers into service. I was appointed by
the Governor of Ohio, by direction of the Piesi-
dent, and therefore I say I was commissioned by
him. I was recognized as an officer of the rank
of a brigadier general, and paid as such. My po-
sition was that of a commissioned officer, and was
so recognized; and I always regarded my com-
mission as derived from the President, although
no formal commission was issued. I was elected
colonel of one of the regiments, and was imme-
diately mustered as a colonel into the United States
service. Although I had no certificate thereof, 1
was to all intents and purposes a commissioned
officer in the United States service. This law
proposes that a iS commission," or certificate of
the fact, be given, as it should have been, and I
think in some instances was given, during the
Mexican war.
Mr. LOGAN. I hope the gentleman will per-
mit me to say a word.
Mr. CURTIS. I cannot.
Mr. LOGAN. I do not wish to discuss the
question, but merely to make a statement correct-
ing what the gentleman lias said, in reference to
the officers of the volunteer regiments from the
States being commissioned by the President of the
United States. I have a personal knowledge of
the fact involved. I held a commission m the
Army in Mexico, and I know that all the officers
of the different volunteer regiments were commis-
sioned by the Governors of the several States.
There was not a single case where a commission
was received by a volunteer officer from the Pies-
ident of the United States.
Mr. CURTIS. My friend has only reiterated
what the gentleman from Maryland [Mr. Hughes]
stated.
Mr. Speaker, I say that to all intents and pur-
poses, wherever the commissions came from, the
officers were in the service and under the control
of the United States. The first commission J acted
under was one 1 received from the President of
the United States. I acted as a volunteer officer,
to enrol three regiments in Ohio. Commissions
were offered to some officers after they iiad served
in the first call of the Mexican war, and they pro-
ceeded to form new regiments, what I call volun-
teers. I acted myself m different capacities. I
received commissions, not directly from the Presi-
dent, but from commanding generals acting under
the Government of the United States. To all in-
tents and purposes, the officers of the volunteer
regiments were regarded as officers of the United
States. Commissions from the President could
not have enlarged their duties and thru- powers.
If 1 mistake not, some volunteer stuff-officers did
receive theircommissions dueclly from the Presi-
dent, and 1 think others did. 1-iut this is all an im-
material issue.
Mr. SIMMS. Not one, sir, under the rank of
a brigadier general.
Mr. CURTIS. Of course they received their
commissions from the President of the United
States. Certain officers were commissioned and
authorized to go out and unoll certain volunteer
regiments. Near the close of the war nine regi-
ments were raised, and their officers commis-
sioned by the President
Mr. W1NSLOW. They were in the regular
Army.
Mr. CURTIS. The part of this bill referred
to, is intended merely to recognize the enrollment
of volunteers in the States, and not to give new
power to anybody. If the bill have a provision
m it that^ is unconstitutional, then the bill is to that
extent null and void. The States cannot bo re-
quired to, and never will, give up the right to elect
or appoint the officers that command their volun-
teer companies and their militia. If this bill be
intended to take away that ri^htand power of the
States, it will have no effect. 1 do notdesire that
that right shall be taken from them, and I do not
think that bill does. My friend thinks that it
does, lx it docs, then to that extent it is uncon-
stitutional, and null and void.
Mr. SIMMS. Will the gentleman vote for a
bill that is unconstitutional upon its facer
Mr. CURTIS. I do not say that this is uncon-
stitutional. On the contrary, 1 think that the gen-
tleman is wrong in his impression. I deny ius
premises.
I will proceed. Companies arc enrolled and
mustered into the service of the United States,
and the United States must give them some iceog-
mtion. They may do so by commissions; and I
do not see why it is not right and proper that thoy
should do so. The Constitution o£ the United
States requires that the troops should he under
the contiol of the United States when they come
into the service. They should have a perpetual
evidence of that fact from the United States itself
Mr. SIMMS. Let me ask the gentleman an-
other question in reference to the constitution-
ality of this bill, upon another point.
Mr. CURTIS. I cannot yield further.
Mr. SIMMS. I will put the question which I
woi^ld like to hear the gentleman answer.
Mr. CURTIS. I suppose I must yield. What
is the gentleman's question?
Mr. SIMMS. Under the Constitution of the
United States, in all cases, every citizen has the
right of trial by jury before he can be convicted
of any crime that involves life, liberty, or prop-
erty. Notwithstanding this constitutional safe-
guard?; thrown around every citizen, this bill con-
fers power upon the President of the United
States to murder every southern man without trial
by jury. Should it suit his purposes of hale or
vengeance, under the plea of enforcing the laws,
at his individual discretion, he may, by the pro-
visions of this bill, authorize a lieutenant or an
orderly sergeant of the Army to shoot down upon
the highway the people of the South with perfect
impunity, and without legal responsibility. Your
bill is a bill of murder, sir, and not a bill intended
for the purpose of enforcing the laws of the Uni-
ted States.
Mr. CURTIS. I do not see the gentleman's
constitutional point. I am sorry he should have
interrupted me in the way he has.
Mr. SIMMS. It is not my fault if the gentle-
man cannot understand my point. I will repeat
it. The Constitution gives you, and every other
citizen, the right of trial by jury; and yet, under
this bill, the President is authorized to shoot you
down upon the highway, or anywhere else, it, in
his opinion, you are engaged m an insurrection.
If he regard you as a political ora. personal enemy,
he has, under this bill, the right to order a l.eu-
tenant or an orderly sergeant to shoot you down.
The Constitution says, before your life shall |>e
taken, you shall have the right of trial by jury.
This bill refuses that; and in that is unconstitu-
tional. 1 repeat again, that it is a bill of murder,
and nothing but murder.
Mr. CURTIS. Mr. Speaker, 1 cannot permit
myself to be further interrupted with such dec-
larations and declamation. Such is the land ofde-
nunciation hiuled at this bill. Where is there in
this bill any such provision as that referred to? 1
put the question for the purpose of answering it.
There is nothing m the bill now before the House
of that kind or character. It is like the act passed
m 1792, and the one passed in 1705, which au-
thorized the President of the United States to call
out the militia for the purpose of suppressing in-
surrection, and for the purpose of executing the
laws where they are " opposed and their execu-
tion is obstructed."
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. Let me interrupt
the gentleman.
Mr. CURTIS. I cannot permit myself to be
interrupted any further.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. I will not take half
a minute. The gentleman states that an act like
this has long been upon our statute-books, and
that it conferred similar powers upon Jefferson,
Madison, and our fuimer Presidents, if that be
so, why then give the incoming President greater
powers ?
Mr. CURTIS. I know that these questions
have led me away from the line of my argument,
but as I have replied to the others, I will )10w
reply to the interrogatory of the gentleman from
Missouri. The difference in this bill from the
laws heretofore passed, is in the fact that it recog-
nizes certain organized troops, volunteers, which,
now exist in the different States. These organ-
ized and armed corps are ready for .seiviee, and
should therefore be preferred in calling out forces.
In the early history of the country, when it
was supposed* insurrection and civil war threat-
ened the public peace, the President was author-
ized to organize, and, if deemed necessary, to call
out what was called " minute men." Under the
law of 1794, eighty thousand men were author-
ized to be enrolled, and to be prepared for conve-
nient mobility to any service. The President
was then authorized, at a moment's warning, and
without limitation, to call out the. whole or any
part of eighty thousand men, for the purpose of
subjugating, if you choose to call it so, those who
were inarmsagainstthecountry. What a power!
We have now ten times the population we had
then; and if this bill provided for a call or organ-
ism proportioned to the power conferred by the
law of 1794, then it would authorize the raising
of eight hundred thousand men.
At another period—1 forget the date—the Presi-
dent was authorized to organize, m the same
way, and call out one hundred thousand men.
The same propoition now would be one mJiton
men, to be called out for the purpose of suppress-
