1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
289
the Government, and that the Declaration of In-
dependence refers to slaves; that no man shall
be deprived of his life and liberty and property
without the judgment of his peers or the law of
the land. Apply these principles as the Black
Republicans intend to apply them, and they have
no need for personal liberty bills. They are fat-
in advance of such contrivances. The progressive
spirit of the age will not wait upon such devices.
They may now dispense with these superseded
devices; but I undertake to say here that no Black
Republican Legislature that repeals them will
ever say that it is their purpose or duty to sur-
renderee fugitive. No,sir, they do notintend to
do that. They may delude you in order to get
power; they may deceive you to get possession
of this Government; but there is neither faith, nor
truth, nor manhood in this conspitacy.
The next demand made on behalf of the South
is, " that Congress shall pass efficient laws for the
punishment of all persons in any of the States
who shall in any manner aid and abet invasion or
insurrection in any other State, or commit any
other act against the laws of nations, tending to
disturb the tranquillity of the people or govern-
ment of any other State." That is a very plain
principle. The Constitution of the United States
now requires, and gives Congress express power,
to define and puuish piracies and felonies com-
mitted on the high seas, and offenses against the
laics of nations. When the honorable and distin-
guished Senator from Illinois [Mr. Douglas] last
year introduced a bill for the purpose of punish-
ing people thus offending under that clause of the
Constitution, Mr. Lincoln, in his speech at New
York, which I have before me, declared that it was
a " sedition bill;" his press and party hooted at it.
So far from recognizing the bill as intended to
carry out the Constitution of the United States,
it received their jeers and gibes. The Black Re-
publicans of Massachusetts elected the admirer
and eulogist of John Brown's courage as their
Governor, and we may suppose he will throw no
impediments in the way of John Brown's success-
ors. The epithet applied to the bill of the Sen-
ator from Illinois is quoted from adeliberate speech
delivered by Lincoln in New York, for which, it
was stated in the journals, according to some res-
olutions passed by an association of his own
party, he was paid a couple of hundred dollars.
The speech should therefore have been deliberate.
Lincoln denounced that bill. He places the stamp
of hi« condemnation upon a measure intended to
promote the peace and security of confederate
States. He is, therefore, an enemy of the hu-
man race, and deserves the execration of all man-
kind.
We demand these five propositions. Arc they
not right < Are they not just? Take them in de-
tail, and show that they are not warranted by the
Constitution, by the safely of our people, by the
principles of eternal justice. We will pause and
consider them; but mark me, we will not let you
decide the question for us.
But we are told by well-meaning but simple-
minded people that admit your wrongs, your
remedies are not justifiable. Senators, 1 have
little care to dispute remedies with you,unless you
propose to redress my wrongs, if you propose
that in good faith, I will listen with respectful def-
erence; but when the objectors to my remedies
propose no adequate ones of their own, I know
what they mean by the objection. They mean sub-
mission. I tell them, if I have good sight, perhaps
the musket will improve my defective remedy.
But still, I will as yet argue it with them.
These thirteen colonies originally had no bond
of union whatever; no more than Jamaica and
Australia have to-day. They were wholly sep-
arate communities, independent of each other, and
dependenton the Crown of Great Britain. All the
union between them that was ever made is in
writing. They made two written compacts. One
was known as the Articles of Confederation, which
declared that the Union thereby formed should be
perpetual—anargument very much reiied upon by (
" the friends of the Union" now. Those Articles
of Confederation in terms declared that they should :
be perpetual. 1 believe that expression is used j
in our List treaty with Billy Bowlegs, the chief of ■
the Seminoles. I know it is a phrase used in i
treaties with all nations, civilized and savage, j
Those that are not declared eternal are the excep- j
tions; but usually treaties profess to be for " per- j
petual friendship and amity," according to their
terms. So was that treaty between the States:
After a while, though, the politicians said it did
not work well, it carried us through the Revo-
lution. The difficulty was, that after the war there
were troubles about the regulation of commerce,
about navigation, but above all, about financial
matters. The Government had no means of get-
ting at the pockets of the people; and but for that
one difficulty, this present Government would
never have been made. The country is deluded
with the nonsense that this bond of union was
cemented by the blood of brave men in the Rev-
olution. Sir, it is false. It never cost a drop of
blood. A large portion of the best men of the
Revolution voted against it. It was carried in the
convention of Virginia by but ten majority, and
among its opponents were Monroe and Henry,
and other men who had fought the war, who re-
corded their judgment that it was not a good bond;
and 1 am satisfied to-d^y that they were the wiser
men. This talk about the blood of patriots is in-
tended to humbug the country, to scare the old
women. Why, sir, it never cost a drop of blood.
It was carried in some of the States by treachery,
by men betraying their constituents. That is the
history of the times. Five votes would have tied
it in Virginia. It passed New York by but three
majority. Out of nearly four hundred in the con-
vention of Massachusetts, it passed by nineteen.
That is the history of the action of the three
greatest States of the Union at that time. Some
of the bravest and the boldest and the best men
of the Revolution, who fought from its beginning
to its end, were opposed to the plan of union; and
among them was the illustrious author of the
Declaration of Independence himself. Are we to
be deterred by the cry, that we are laying our un-
hallowed hands on this holy altar? Sir, I have
no hesitation in saying that a very large portion
of the people of Georgia, whom I represent, pre-
fer to remain in this Union with their constitu-
tional rights—I would say ninety per cent, of
them—believing it to be a good Government.
They have lived and prospered in it. Shallow-
pated fools have told them this Government was
the cause of their prosperity, and they have never
troubled themselves to inquire whetheromot this
were true. I think it had but little to do with
their prosperity beyond securing their peace with
other nations, and that boon'has been paid for at
a price that no freeman oughtto submit to. These
are my own opinions; they have been announced
to my constituents, and 1 announce them here.
Had I lived in that day, I should have voted with
the majority in Virginia, with Monroe, Henry,
and the illustrious patriots who composed the sev-
enty-nine votes against thetxdoption of the present
plan of Government. In my opinion, if they had
prevailed to-day, the men of the South would have
the greatest and most powerful nation of the earth.
Let this judgment stand for future ages.
►Senators, the Constitution is a compact. It
contains all our obligations and dutiesof the Fed-
eral Government. I am content, and have ever
been content, to sustain it. While I doubt its
perfection; while I do not believe it was a good
compact; and while I never saw the day that I
would have voted for it as a proposition de novo,
yet I am bound to it by oath and by that common
prudence which would induce men to abide by
established forms, rather than to rush into un-
known dangers. J have given to it, and intend to
give to it, unfaltering support and allegiance; but
I choose to put that allegiance on the true ground,
not on the false idea that anybody's blood was
shed for it. I say that the Constitution is the
whole compact. All the obligations, all the chains
that fetter the limbs of my people, are nominated
in the bond, and they wisely excluded any con-
clusion against them, by declaring that the powers
not granted by the Constitution to the United
States, or forbidden by it to the States, belonged
to the States respectively or the people. Now I
will try it by that standard; I will subject it to
that test. The law of nature, the law of justice,
would say—and it is so expounded by the pub-
licists—thatequal rights in the common property
shall be enjoyed. Even in a monarchy the king
cannot preven t the subjects from enjoying equality
in the disposition of the public property. Even in
a despotic Govern me nt this principle is recog'nized.
It was the blood and the money of the whole peo-
ple (says the learned Grotius, and say all the
; publicists) which acquired the public property,
! and therefore itisnotthe property of the sovereign.
| This right of equality being, then, according to
! justice and natural equity,a right belonging to all
; States, when did we give itun? You say Congress
has a right to pass rules ana regulations concern-
ing the Territory and other property of the United
States. Very well. Does that exclude those
whose blood and money paid for it? Does "dis-
pose of" mean to rob the rightful owners? You
roust show a better title than that, or a better
sword than we have.
But, you say, try the right. I agree to it. But
how? By our judgment? No, not until the last
resort. What then; by yours? Nor not until the
same time. How then try it? The South has al-
ways said, by the Supreme Court. But that is in
our favor, and Lincoln says he will not stand that
judgment. Then each must judge for himself of
the mode and manner of redress. But you deny
us that privilege, and finally reduce us to accept-
ing your judgment. We decline it. You say you
will enforce it by executing laws; that means your
judgment of what the laws ought to be. Perhaps
you will have a good time of executing your judg-
ment. The Senator from Kentucky comes to
your aid, and says he can find no constitutional
right of secession. Perhaps not; but the Consti-
tution is not the place to look for State rights. If
that right belongs to independent States, and they
did not cede it to the Federal Government, it is
reserved to the States, or to the people. Ask your
new commentator where he gets your right to
judge for us. Is it in the bond?
The northern doctrine was, many years ago,
that the Supreme Court was the judge. That was
their doctrine in 1800. They denounced Madison
for the report of 1799, on the Virginia resolutions;
they denounced JefFerson for framing the Ken-
tucky resolutions, because they were presumed
to impugn the decisions of the Supreme Court of
the United States; and they declared that that
court was made, by the Constitution, the ultimate
and supreme arbiter. That was the universal
judgment—the declaration of every free State in
"this Union, in answer to the Virginia resolutions
of 1798, or of ail who did answer, even including
the State of Delaware, then under Federal control.
The Supreme Court have decided that, by the
Constitution, we have a right to go to the Terri-
tories and be protected there with our property.
You say, we cannot decide the compact for our-
selves. Well, can the Supreme Court decide it
for us ? Mr. Lincoln says he dors not care what
the Supreme Court decides, he will turn us out
anyhow. He says this in his debate with the
honorable Senator from Illinois, [Mr. Douglas.]
I have it before me. He said he would vote against
the decision of the Supreme Court. Then you
do not accept that arbiter. You will not take
my construction; you will not take the Supreme
Court as an arbiter; you will not take the prac-
tice of the Government; you will not take the
treaties under Jefferson and Madison; you will
not take the opinion of Madison upon the very
question of prohibition in 1820. What, then,
will you take? You will take nothing but your
own judgment; that is, you will not only judge
for yourselves, not only discard the court, dis-
card our construction, discard the practice of the
Government, but you will drive us out, simply
because you will it. Come and do it! You have
sapped the foundations of society; you have de-
stroyed almost all hope of peace. In a compact
where there is no common arbiter, where the par-
ties finally decide for themselves, the sword alone
at last becomes the real, if not the constitutional,
arbiter. Your party says that you will not take
the decision of the Supreme Court. You said so
at Chicago; you said so in committee; every man
of you in both Houses says so. What are you
going to do ? You say we shall submit to your con-
struction. We shall do it, if you can make us;
but not otherwise, or in any other manner. That
is settled. You may call it secession, or you may
call it revolution; but there is a big fact standing
before you, ready to oppose you—that fact is,
freemen with arms in their hands. The cry of
the Union will not disperse them; we have passed
that point; they demand equal rights: you had
better heed the demand.
You have no warrant in the Constitution for
this declaration of outlawry. The court says you
have no right to make it. The treaty says you
