270
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 7,
shall not do it. The treaty of 1803 declares that
the property of the people shall be protected by
the Government until they are admitted into the
Union as a State. That treaty covers Kansas and
Nebraska. The law passed in 1804 or 1805, under
Mr. Jefferson, protects property m slaves m that
very territory. In 1820, when the question of
prohibition came up, Mr. Madison declared it was
not warranted by the Constitution, and Jefferson
denounced its abettors as enemies of the human
race. Here is the court; here are our fathers; here
is cotemporaneous exposition for fifty years, all
asserting our right. The Black Republican party
say, "We care not for your precedents or prac-
tices; we have progressive politics as well as a
progressive religion. Behold Spooner! We care
not for the fatliers; we care not for the judges/'
They have said more: their leaders on this floor
have said they will get rid of the court as James
II. got rid of the honest judges when they decided
against the dispensing power of the Crown. One
set refused: he turned them out and put in another;
they refused; he turned them out and got another.
They mocked the constitution and the laws, and
decided for the Crown. What was the result?
He became, and justly, a wanderer and an outcast,
and his posterity were wanderers and outcasts,
houseless and homeless. The heir of his race—
the son of Alary of Modena, the last scion of a per-
fidious race—died a pensioner of Rome. Read,
then, the record of this reckless king, and profit
by his example. When you appoint judges to
make decisions, you make a mockery of all jus-
tice, and of all decisions with freemen everywhere.
Our ancestors told us how to treat such oppres-
sion in 16&8. We have not forgotten the lesson.
To come back from this digression, I will now
voad your proclamation of outlawry from the
Chicago platform, to wit:
•k That tin; normal condition of the territory of the Uni-
ted States !•> thai or freedom ; that as our i ('publican lather,
when they bad abolished slavery in our national tern
toiy. oidamed that no person should he deprived of life,
libei ly. or pioperty, withouiduo pioces.-. ot'law, it becomes
cm duty, In congie>siouallegulciaon, whenever such legis-
lation becomes nece^aij, to maintain tins provision of the
Constitution ngauist ati attempts to violate it; and we deny
the authority ot Congies-., of a Temtoriai Legislature, of
an.\ individual or ap-sociatton of individuals to give; legal
existence toslaveiy m any Territory of the United fc?tate&.,J
There you declare that the treaties made by
Mr. Jefferson in 1803 are null, void, and no law;
there you declare that the acts by which property
in slaves was protected and allowed, both by tei-
riiorial and congressional acts, in Florida, in Lou-
isiana, in Arkansas, m Missouri, in Mississippi,
and m Alabama, were all null, void, and no law.
You declare that the decision of the Supreme
Court is null, void, and no law; that there is no
Constitution but the Chicago platform; yet you.
propo.se to come hero and take possession of this
Government, and swear to maintain the Consti-
tution with this reading, and you are quite aston-
ished at our having any objections to the peace-
able proceeding—at least the Senator from Oregon
[Mr. HakhrJ was, the other day. I suppose that or-
ator has just come out of the woods. I do not know
where he has kept himself, if he has never heard
any more of this question than he toid us. Rut
no matter what may be our grievances, the hon-
orahleSenator from Kentucky [Mr. Crittenden]
says wo cannot secede. Well, what can we do?
We cannot revolutionize; he will say thatis trea-
son. What can we do? Submit* They say they
are the stiongest, and they will hang us. Very
well, I suppose we are to be thankful for that
boon. We will take that risk. We will stand
by the ri^ht; we will take the Constitution; wo
will defend it by the sword with the halter around
our necks. Will that satisfy the honorable Sen-
ator from Kentucky; You cannot intimidate my
constituents by talking to them about treason.
They are ready to light for the right with the rope
around their necks,"and meet tlie black Republi-
cans anil their allies upon whatever ground they
may select. Treason; hah!
The Black Republicans denounce Mr. Buch-
anan because he has construed the relation of mas-
ter and slave " to involve an unqualified property
injersons.'5 Mr. Lincoln approves their cen-
sure. So far as this denounces the language
employ* d by the Piesident, u is a simple denial
ot ail propt rty in slaves; but, with characteristic
kiuveiy, this paityput enough of falsehood to
mif'h'pasem his ieal meaning. Upon the point
referred to, the President has gone no further than
the Supreme Court; and his declaration may be
-safely left to judicial vindication.
But I have promised to show that Lincoln has
refused obedience to judicial interpretations of a
constitutional question. In his speech of 10th
July, 1856, he said:
" If 1 were in Congress, and a vote should come up on
the question whether slavciy should be prohibited in a new
Territory, in spite of the Dred Scott decision, 1 would vote
that it should."
I omitted to remark in its proper place that not
only Mr. Lincoln repudiates the propositions
which I submitted to the committee of thirteen of
the Senate, but they were all voted against by the
five members representing the Black Republican
party in the Senate o'f the United States upon the
committee of thirteen, and I presumed they were
not extreme men. Some of them, I had been led
to believe, were the moderate men who were
among, and not of, the organization. But every
principle which was proposed received the con-
demnation of every one of them. A resolution
involving the same principles, introduced by a
distinguished colleague of mine in the House of
Representatives, was voted down, I believe, by a
unanimous vote of all the members of that House
belonging to the Republican party. The same
lesson is taught by every declaration they make,
even by the treacherous silence which has been
maintained by their most extreme men on this
floor and elsewhere, on these subjects, since the
beginning of this session. Probably some of
them thought it was best to be calm, supposing
that perhaps the foot which was upon the neck
of slavery was insecure. Possibly " the jubilant
Senator from the Northwest" [Mr. Doolittle]
thought the domination might not be perpetual,
and that it was well to bring the coils of power,
of place, of armies, of navies, and of legality
around us, in order to tighten our chains before
we were alaimed. We understand this danger,
and we will anticipate it. You will have to use
your strength, not ours, to rivet our chains; spend
your own money and your own blood, nftt ours,
to consolidate your power.
I have, then, established the proposition—it is
admitted—that you seek to outlaw §4,000,000,000
of property of our people in the Territories of the
United States. Is not that a cause of war? Is it
a grievance* that $4,000,000,000 of the property of
the people should be outlawed in the Territories
of the United States by the common Government?
What, then, is our reliance? Your treachery to
yourselves? 1 will not accept that guarantee. I
know you are treacherous to us, but 1 see no rea-
son but justice why you should betray each other;
and that will not avail you. I think, therefore,
you will do what yon say on that question; at
least there can be no harm in my accepting your
declarations as true. I believe that however hos-
tile nations may be, they take the warlike decla-
rations of the enemy as true and sufHcientfor their
action. Then you have declared, Lincoln declares,
Eour platform declares, your people declare, your
egislatures declare—there is one voice running
through your entire phalanx—that we shall he
outlawed in the Territories of the United States.
I say we will not be; and we tire willing to meet
the issue; and rather than submit to such an out-
lawry, we will defend our territorial rights as we
would our household gods.
Hut, although I insist upon this pei feet equality
in the Territories, yet, when it was proposed, as
1 understand the Senator from Kentucky now
proposes,that the lineof 36^30' shall be extended,
acknowledgingand protecting our property on the
south side of that line, for the sake of peace—per-
manent peace—I said to the committee of thirteen
and I say here, that, with other satisfactory pro-
visions, i would accept it. If that or some other
satisfactory arrangement is not made, I am for
immediate action. We are as ready to fightnow
as we ever shall be. I am willing, however, to
take the proposition of the Senator as it was un-
derstood in committee, putting the North and the
South on the same ground, prohibiting slavery
on one side, acknowledging slavery and protect-
ing it on the other, and applying that to all future
acquisition, so that the whole continent to the
north pole shall be settled upon the one rule, and
to the south pole under the other. I will not buy
a shameful peace. I wi'l have equality or war.
Georgia is on ihe war-path, and demands a full
and final settlement this time.
Yet, not only did your committee refuse that,
butmy distinguished friend from Mississippi [Mr.
Davis]—another moderate gentleman like "my-
self—proposed simply to get a recognition that we
had the right to our own; that man could have
property in man; and it met with the unanimous
refusal even of the most modciate, Union-saving,
compromising portion of the Republican party.
They do not intend to acknowledge it. How could
they? Mr. Lincoln says that, according to the
Declaration of Independence, all men arc born free
and equal. You do not want any fugitive slave
law; all you want is a habeas corpus; with this
you can set them free in Georgia. According to
this notion Spooner is right in contending that the
Federal Constitution authorizes the abolition of
slavery. Mr. Lincoln thus accepts every cardinal
principle of the Abolitionists; yet he ignorantly
puts his authoiity for abolition upon the Declara-
tion of Independence, which was never made any
part of the public law of the United States. It is
well known that these " glittering generalities"
were never adopted into the Constitution of the
United States.
A nd what a spectacle does Mr. Lincoln present
of the fathers of the Republic by his absurd
theory? There sat the representatives of thirteen
slavcholding colonies, declaring thatall men were
free and equal, and endowed by the Creator with
the same rights. You say they meant their slaves.
Every State then held slaves, and most of the
gentlemen who were around that board themselves
held them. Did those fathers, who pledged to
God and to mankind their lives, their fortunes,
and their sacred honors, mean to cheat the human
race? Did they falsely and fraudulently utter that
sentiment, and still hold on to their slaves as long
ns they lived ? That is the way you construe it.
Washington, during all his lifetime, held hun-
dreds of slaves. He kept them as long as he lived,
and left them to his wife, with the provision, that
after her death, they should be free—a very com-
mon custom with gentlemen m our country who
have no immediate descendants, and from attach-
ment to their slaves are reluctant to let them pass
even into the hands of collateral relatives. So
strong was that sentiment, that my State was
compelled to pass a law to prohibitemancipation,
or by this time a large portion of the slaves might
have been free under the operation of that senti-
ment. Jefferson held slaves all his lifetime, and
left them to his heirs. Madison held them, and
they went to his heirs. And these men are now
quoted as meaning to include their own slaves in
the Declaration of Independence; and seem, in
Republican argument, base enough to hold on to
u the sum of all villainies," to rob freemen of
their wages, and plunder them to the day of their
death. With your doctrines, you have the au-
dacity to pretend to think well of such men. Shall
we give you credit for sincerity?
Yes, Mr. Lincoln says it is afundamental prin-
ciple that all men are entitled to equality in Gov-
ernment everywhere. That idea seems to be a
hobby of his. Very well; you not only want to
| break down our constitutional rights; you not
only want to upturn our social system; your
people not only steal our slaves and make them
freemen to vote against us; but you seek to bring
an inferior race in a condition of equality, socially
and politically, with our own people. Well, sir,
the question of slavery moves not, the people of
Geoigiaonc half as much as the fact that you
insult their rights as a community. You Aboli-
tionists are right when you say that there are
thousands and ten^ of thousands of men in Georgia,
and all over the South, who do not own slaves.
A very large portion of the people of Georgia own
none of them. In the mountains, there are com-
paratively but.few of them; but no part of our
people are more loyal to their race and country
than our bold and brave mountain population:
and every flash of the electric wires brings me
| cheering news from our mountain tops and our
| valleys, that these sons of Georgia are excelled
I by none of their countrymen in loyalty to the
> rights, the honor, and the glory of the Common-
; wealth. They say, and well say: This is our
question: we want no negro equality, no negro
' citizenship; we want no mongrel race to degrade
our own; and as one man they would meet you
upon the border with the swoid in one hand and
the torch in the other. They would drive you
from our borders, and make you walk over the
