272
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 7.
mon«, Sumnei, Ten Eyck, Thomson, Trumbull, Wade,
Wilkinson and Wilson—30.
NAYS—Me?sis. Benjamin, Bragg, Brown, Clay, Clin?-
man, Davis, Fitzpatrick, Hemphill, Hunter, Johnson of
Arkansas, Kennedy, Lane, Mallory, Nicholson, Polk, Pow-
ell, Pugh, Rice, Sebastian, Slideil, Toombs, Wig tall and
Yulee—93.
So the motion was agreed to; and the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of executive busi-
ness; and, after some time spent therein, the doors
were reopened.
ADJOURNMENT TO WEDNESDAY.
Mr.SLlDELL. I believe it has been the usual
custom of the Senate to adjourn over the 8th of
January, the anniversary of the battle of New
Orleans; and, in accordance with that custom, I
move that when the Senate adjourns to-day it be
to meet on Wednesday next.
T^e motion was agreedlo.
Mr. SLIDELL. Now, m conformity with a
promise I made to the Senator from California, I
move that all previous ordeis made for to-morrow
be fixed for next Wednesday, in the order in
which they stand.
Mr. LATHAM. I will merely state that the
Pacific Railroad bill was set down for to-morrow
at two o'clock, and if we adjourned over, of course
that would displace entirelythe special order; and
that was the reason why I asked the Senator from
Louisiana to continue it until Wednesday next,
at two o'clock.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foster.)
It is moved that all orders which, by order of the
Senate, were fixed for to-morrow, stand in the
same relation on Wednesday that they would on
Tuesday, if the Senate sat on that day.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. IVERSON. I move that the Senate do
now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.  
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, January 7, 1861.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas II. Stockton.
The Journal of Thursday last was read and
appioved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the Navy
Department, transmitting;, in compliance with the
twentieth section of the act of August 26, 1842,
a detailed statement of the expenditure of the con-
tingentfund of the Navy Department, and its sev-
eral bureaus, for the fiscal year ending; the 30th
of June, I860; which was laid on the table, and
ordered to be printed.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from the
Secretary of Suae, in answer to a resolution of
the House of Representatives, of December IB,
i860, relating to Indian disturbances in New Mex-
ico; winch was referred to the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. COBB. The second time in my life I feel
compelled to make an appeal to the House, to
allow me a few moments to make a personal
explanation.
The SPEAKER. If there is no objection, the
gentleman wtlS have leave to proceed. The Chan-
hears no objection. The gentleman will proceed.
Mr. COBB. In the outset, let me express the
hope that I may not be interrupted in the few re-
marks i propose to submit. And, before I pro-
ceed, Mr. Speaker, to make my personal explana-
tion, I want to say to every member of this House
that I do not propose to reflect upon them, or any
one of them, for anything they may have done.
They are responsible for theirown acts; and while
I aetaccordingtothe dictates of my own judgment,
I shall not call in question the integrity of those
who choose to act differently from me.
Mr, Speaker, in the Baltimore Sun, of this
morning*, 1 see it announced that the Alabama
and Mississippi delegations held a conference last
evening, and afterwards telegraphed to the con-
ventions of their respective States, advising them
to secede immediately, saying that there is no
prospect of an adjustment of differences, but that
they have resolved to remain here and await the
action of their States.
Now, I want to say that I happen not to be one
of those in that dispatch mentioned. While I
represent the State of Alabama in part—a humble
representative though I may be—and whilst it is
rarely that I am consulted in relation to what the
policy of Alabama should be, yet I represent a
people who, I think, are capable of speaking for
themselves; and while T know their wishes, un-
less they come in conflict with what I believe to
be my constitutional duty, I shall endeavor to
carry them out.
Mr. HOUSTON. Will my colleague eUow
me a word in this connection ? I understand that
the consultation to which the telegraph refers,
was a consultation upon the part of Senators
alone; that no member of this House from any
of those States was in the caucus, if indeed, there
was any, and ihcy had nothing to do with it.
The meeting, if I understand it correctly from
rumor, was a meeting for consultation among the
Senators from a few of the southern States. No-
body else had anything to do with it.
Mr. COBB. That was their privilege; but I
did not happen to be with them. It is well known
that I send no telegraphic dispatches. I trust to
the wisdom, discretion, and ability of my con-
stituents to direct the policy of Alabama accord-
ing to their own wishes; and I am always satis-
fied that those wishes will reflect what I believe
to be the true policy of the country. This House,
and you, Mr. Speaker, arc well aware that I have
labored diligently ever since the commencement
of this session of Congress to heal, if possible,
the difficulties which distract the two sections of
the country. God knows my heart, and He
knows my prayers are continually for the? restor-
ation and continuance of harmony in this coun-
try; that the stars and stripes which have so often
floated in victory over our enemies, and which
have floated over us in peace, shall still continue
to be our protection as long as we can remain
united as equals. This Congress may decide the
basis upon which we are to stand. A majority
of the people of Alabama believe th.at they wiil
not be permitted to remain as equals in this Con-
federacy; and I, as one of the Representatives of
the Stale of Alabama, am anxious to ascertain
whether we can or not. I am one of her Repre-
sentatives who have all along believed that a con-
sultation should be had by the southern States, to
arrive at a determination of what the South in-
tend to demand; or, to use more respectful terms,
what they will ask shall be granted to them as
rights which they are clearly entitled to. I, for
one, was in favor of waiting until the committee
of thirty-three should determine what policy they
should pursue.
I will say, in all frankness, that I have very
little hope in what they will do. True, I have
met several gentlemen within the last four or five
days who, to use their own language, said they
felt it in their bones that something would be done
to quiet this distracted country. I wish I could
feel m my bones that it would be so. If 1 could
I would, departing from my usual custom, tele-
graph to my country that a star had begun to rise
that, in all probability, would illuminate the dark
and clouded minds of a portion of our country,
and that peace would reign and justice be admin-
istered to the whole land. Yes, sir, I would ask
all conventions that meet to-day to stay their ac-
tion. Alabama meets in solemn convention to-
day; and it may not be inappropriate for me to
stand before this body to-day and plead that they
may do what is right, in order that Alabama may
not be compelled, m vindication of the principles
of justice and right, to go out of the Union. I
would call upon the Republicans in this House,
and also in the Senate if I had the power, and ad-
monish them of the danger, and ask them to come
forward and do something, if they intend to do it,
that will relieve the country, which stands to-day
upon the very brink of dissolution. Shall I stand
here to-day, while the country is upon the brink
of dissolution, and not raise my voice and call
upon those who have the power, to arrest the evil?
We know that if the present state of things con-
tinue for any considerable length of time, an ad-
justment and reconstruction between these States
can never be accomplished. You have this ques-
tion in your own hands, and if you are to do any-
thing, do if quickly.
But gentlemen say they cannot do anything.
They say that the edict went forth on the sixth
day of November last; that the people decided
such and such questions involving certain princi-
ples in reference to the slavery question. 1 deny
that the jury impanneled at that time gave any
such verdict. There were other questions in issue
which entered into that canvass. I tell you what
I believe is the truth, and I tell the country what
1 believe is right; and I say I do not believe the
question of slavery was the only question that
was submitted to the people, but that other ques-
tions entered into that contest which went far to
influence the result. Is that so? Have you Re-
publicans got a majority of the people of this vast
country to indorse your principles?
Mr. McKEAN. Is general debate to be now
admitted ? I do not object to it. I only want to
know if we are all to be permitted to go into it.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ala-
bama had unanimous consent to make a personal
explanation.
Mr. McKEAN. I do not object. I only want
to krow if others are to be permitted to partici-
pate in the discussion.
Mr. COBB. I will not trespass upon the priv-
ilege which the House has granted me.
Mr. McKEAN. I would like to participate in
the discussion myself, if it is to be allowed.
Mr. COBB. 1 was remarking that you Re-
publicans say that the edict has gone forth: that
the jurors of the country have been impanneled,
and that their judgment has been made up and
submitted to the country. I deny itemplmtically.
I ask you, Mr. Speaker, as a fair-minded man—
as I believe you arc disposed to be, and I tiust I
shall never have occasion to think otherwise—in
your State do you not recollect that there were
other questions brought into this controversy he-
sides the negro question 5 I call upon the Penn-
sylvania delegation to respond to me, and say if
there was not another question brought into the
controversy there besides the negro question I
call upon the men of the Northwest to say if the
slavery question was the only question brought
into the controversy in their country? And I
would call upon men even from the slave States
to answer me that question.
Mr. HINDMAN. I rise to a point of order.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I trust the gentle-
man from Alabama will be allowed to proceed.
Mr. COBB. 1 ask no favor but what the House
has granted me. I stand here upon my rights;
and, if I violate the rules of the House, stop mc.
Mr. HINDMAN. My point of order is, that
the remarks made by the gentleman are not in
the nature of personal explanation, and I shall
therefore object to his proceeding. [Ciies of "go
on, Cobb !"J
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ala-
bama has the floor.
Mr. COBB. I am speaking in relation to my
position; and, as I am not much in the habit of
speaking, I hope I shall not be interrupted. I
was stating that, when I ask a Republican why
he does notdo something, he says his people have
passed upon the question, and he cannot do it. I
am endeavoring to show them that they can do
it, and that their pretext is not predicated on what
1 believe to be sound reasoning.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I desire to inquire if the
gentleman from Alabama obtained the consent of
the House to make a speech upon general poli-
tics, or was it for the purpose of personal expla-
nation '
Mr. COBB. This is personal.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman begged leave
to make a personal explanation, and i suppose
he consideis himself within that rule.
Mr. BARKSDALE. \ renew the point of or-
der made by the gentleman from Arkansas, that
the gentleman from Alabama is not making a
personal explanation, but a speech upon general
politics.
The SPEAKER, The Chair thinks the gen-
tleman from Alabama is entitled to go on.
Mr. COBB. Let me go on without interrup-
tion.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I submit the point of
order to the Chair. The gentleman is abusing the
privilege extended to him by the Housn, in my
judgment,forheis not making a personal explan-
ation.
The SPEAKER. The House has given the
gentleman from Alabama permission to make his
explanation. It is impossible for the Chair to say
