1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1235
also move, as an amendment to the report of the
committee, the report made by tho minority.
Mr. BRANCH. The gentleman from Ohio has
not concluded his statement; and I therefore ob-
ject to this interruption.
Mr. SICKLES. I hope 1 shall be permitted to
interrupt the gentleman from Ohio, just at this
point.
Mr. BRANCH. I cannot consent, until the
gentleman fiom Ohio has made his statement, and
unul the Chair has stated the condition of the
question.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understood that
such was the understanding of the House.
Mr. CORWIN. There have been a great many
amendments proposed and printed, and laid upon
our tables. When they were offered, or in what
order, I am not able to state. If the Journal can
be read, wc perhaps may have correct informa-
tion upon that subject. This much 1 do know,
that according to my recollection, the amendments
stand in the order in which I have stated them to
stand. The vote, therefore, if I am right, will be
taken first upon the amendment of the gentleman
from California, which is on the table, for railing
a national convention: and then upon the Critten-
den resolutions, which were primarily offered by
the gentleman from Tennessee.
Mr. WINSLOW. I wish to set the gentleman
right, upon a point of fact. The gentleman from
Ohio will remember, that upon the second day
when this report was debated in the House, 1
asked him the question, which resolution would
be brought before the House first, for a vote. The
gentleman replied,beingalittleindifferentabout it,
he supposed the propositions would be voted upon
in the order in which they were reported. There-
fore, the series of resolutions before the House was
the first question, and to that the gentleman from
California, at my special instance, introduced by
way ofamendment, his resolution calling a national
convention. The gentleman from New Yoik upon
my left [Mr. Sickles] also, at my special interest
and request, proposed to move the Chittenden res-
olutions, but tho House would not penmt him to
offer it, and therefore thegentleman from Virginia,
[ Mr.Clemens ,] who had the floor, did me the kind-
ness to offer the Crittenden resolutions himself.
Mr. HUTCHINS. I rise to a point of order.
The gentleman from Ohio should have a chance
to make his statement without any interruption.
Mr. WINSLOW. If thegentleman from Ohio
indicates any disposition not to hear me, I will
desist.
Therefore the question is not, as the gentleman
from Ohio states it, first upon the resolution of
the gentleman from California, but upon the res-
olutions offered by the gentleman from Vhginia,
[Mr. Clemens.] The chairman of the commit-
tee of thirty-three will remember that the resolu-
tions introduced by the gentleman from Tennessee
[Mr. Nelson] and that offered by the gentleman
fiom California are not before the House. The
fact that resolutions arc reported by a minority of
a committee does not putthem before the House.
They are the mere suggestions of gentlemen mak-
ingtherepoits. They must be moved distinctly
before the House.
Mr. TAPPAN. One word of explanation right
here. At the proper time, and when the other
substitutes were moved, I also moved a resolu-
tion reported by the gentleman from Wisconsin
[Mr. Waskbtjrne] and myself as a substitute for
the resolutions of the majority.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I desire to say
to gentlemen of the House that at an early day, 1
offered to the House, to be proposed in proper
oider, an amendment, by way of a substitute, to
the repoit of the committee. I desire to have it
voted upon, I do not care at what place, but I think
it is in order to offer it as an amendment to the
substitute offered by the gentleman from N<-w
York. I think it is in order now, and I formally
offer this proposition as an amendment to the
substitute offered by the gentleman from New
York.
Mr. CORWIN. I must object to that.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I have the floor.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
lu*& the floor, except as he may yield it to other
persons.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. The gentleman
from Ohio has not called the previous question.
I had the floor, and was recognized by the Speaker, j
and I am in order in offering my amendment, and
good faith requires that wc should have a vote
upon it. I claim it as a right, under the parlia-
mentary law.
Mr. CORWTN. I am entitled to the floor, I
believe; and I will yield it to no mortal man.
Mr. BURNETT. If the gentleman from Ohio
will allow me, I will state how I understood the
question.
Mr. McCLERNAND. The Journal will settle
that question.
Mr. BURNETT, I desire to call attention to
the Journal.
Mr. CORWIN. I suppose, then, that if there
i has been no amendment heretofore offered in
j the House, the vote will be taken upon the ori-
, gmal resolutions proposed by the committee. I
suppose that these propositions which have been
substituted and ordered to be pruned were propo-
| sitions which gentlemen stated they would offer
; when the subject should come up for action. I
j have now the floor, and I am very desirous that
t my propositions, too, shall be voted upon, and
j I see no possibility of getting at them during this
j Admimstiation in this method of conducting busi-
; ness, and especially if the amendments which I
' have heard of shall be taken up and voted upon
I by yeas and nays. I am not aware that anybody
j has offered in the House any amendment what-
j ever. I was told that the gentleman from Ten-
j nessee offered his amendment when this report
j was made. I take it for granted that that was so;
but I suppose that the offer was after the manner
of that of the gentleman from Illinois—to have
the amendment printed, so that when the proper
time arrived he could offer it. If the Journal there-
fore shows that no amendment was offered, I shall
object to any amendment being offeied until two
or three votes have been taken.
Mr. BRANCH. With the consent of the gen-
tleman from Ohio, I suggest that now he allow
the Speaker to state what the Journal does show.
The SPEAKER. The Chair wfll state that the
Clerk will read from the Journal the minutes
exactly as they were kept.
The Clerk read as follows:
"TJie only proposition befoie the JITmsc for its actien,
winch hat- been lead a fiiot'and second tune, is the fir^t in
the series of piopositions, to wiaeh Mr. 13men offered an
amendment by way of addition, and to which Mr. Clemens
ofteied an amendment by way of a substitute."
Mr. CORWIN. According to the Journal,
then, the first vote to be taken by the House will
be upon the amendment offered by Mr. Clemens,
of Virginia, and then upon that offered by the
gentleman from California, [Mr. Burcii.]
Mr. BURCH. The first vote is upon the sub-
stitute; next upon my resolution; and lastly, upon
the report of the committee.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
will pardon me; according to the rules, the first
vote will be upon the amendment offered by the
gentleman from California, [Mr.Burcii,] byway
of addition to the original proposition, and then
upon the proposition offeied by Mr. Clemens as
a substitute.
Mr. KILGORE. Mr. Speaker 
Mr. CORWIN. Order! I do not yield the
floor.
Mr. KILGORE. I rise to a question of order,
[t is this : there appear to be several proposi-
tions pending, one of which is to strike out and
insert as a substitute. The question I propound
to the Chair is: whether we will not have a right
to perfect the proposition of the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Corwin,] before the question is taken
on stiiking out and inserting*
The SPEAKER. The Chair supposes so.
Air. KfLGORE. Then I have an amendment
to offer, before the question is taken, to perfect the
proposition of the gentleman from Ohio.
Mr. BURCH. I desire to say that my amend-
ment was intended as a substitute for the entire
proposition of the gentleman from Ohio.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. What is the
question before the House? I call for tho regular
order of business.
Mr.BUR.CH. My proposition is in the nature
of a substitute, although it was offered as an !
amendment; because, if you refer these matters of ;
difference to the sev<>ial States, and ask them to ;
call a convention, we ought not ourselves to take .
into our hands propositions to amend the Consti- {
tution of the United States . i
Mr, CORWIN. I suppose the vote of the
House must be taken according to the rules of
order, in the order in which the Journal reports
the amendments to have been offered. I take it
for granted that the Speaker has stated rightly,
that the first vote will bo upon the amendment of
the gentleman from California, [Mr. Bc&ch,}
thefi upon the amendment of ihe gentleman -from
Virginia, [Mr. Clemens,] and then upon the joint
resolution. I call the previous question.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I desire to
ask a question of the Chair. If the previous
question is not sustained, will not these propo-
sitions be open to amendment?
The SPEAKER. They will.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Then I hope
the previous question will not be seconded. Let
us have all the propositions in
Mr. BURNETT. I desire to ask a question
of the Chair. The gentleman from Illinois asked
whether, if the previous question was not sec-
onded, the proposition would be open to amend-
ment; and the answer of the Chair might mislead
the House. Is it not a fact that there are two
amendments now pending, and that no farther
amendment can be entertained until those amend-
ments have been voted on?
The SPEAKER. The Chair will decide that
question when it arises. *
Mr. BURNETT. The Chair answered the
inquiry of the gentleman from Illinois; and his
answer may mislead the House, because no fur-
ther amendments can be offered.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois I understand
that a further amendment would be in order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair supposes it would
be in order.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. What is in order
now? •
The SPEAKER. It is in order to vote on sec-
onding the demand for the previous question.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I demand
tellers on the second.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. On what prop-
osition is the previous question asked ? I insist
that it cannot be ordered on all the propositions
at one time.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands the
gentleman from Ohio to demand the previous ques-
tion upon the first series of resolutions offered by
him.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I would inquire if
any other series of resolutions is in order oefore
the House ?
The SPEAKER. No other. The question is
upon seconding the demand for the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. SHERMAN In order to avoid confu-
sion, 1 have written down, and now send to the
Clerk's desk, the order in which I know my col-
league desires his propositions to be put.
The SPEAKER Let it be read for information
The Clerk began to read the paper.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I rise to a question of order.
I ask how the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Sher-
man] gets the floor to offer that paper, while his
colleague has it.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I desire to object
now, that it may be in time, to any other order
than the one in which the propositions were made.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. That is a
resolution, and I object to it.
The SPEAKER. Objection is made to the
reading of the paper. The question before the
House is on seconding the demand for the pre-
vious question on the first series of resolutions.
Mr. CORWIN. I withdraw the demand for
the previous question for the present; and if gen-
tlemen do not allow me to go on now and make
a statement, I shall avail myself of what I under-
stand is my privilege, and make a speech. I de-
sire the Clerk to read the statement which was
handed up just now by my colleague, and which
will show the order in which I wish the vote to
be taken on the propositions reported from the
committee.
The Clerk read the paper, as follows:
Ordered, That the several propositions embraced in the
special oider shall be disposed ot a? follows:
1. .loa't resolution to amend the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States, and the various amendments pending thereto.
2. An act to enable the people of New Mexico to form a
constitution, and the pending amendments.
3. Amendments to the act for the rendition of fugitives,
from labor, and pending amendments.
