1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. MA.YNARD. Is not that the same prop-
osition which came up awhile ago? If it is, I
must raise the same point of order upon it.
Mr. PORTER. There is a law providing for
the completion of this building. This amendment
proposes an appropriation for that purpose. It
is for thQ continuation of a public work. It seems
to me thnt it is clearly in order.
The CHAIRMAN- The Chair is of opinion
thatthe amendment is more out'of order how than
it was when it was ruled out before.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the committee
rise, and report the bill to the House.
Mr, GARNETT demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Garnett
and Babbitt were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 86, noes 3; no quorum voting.
The roll was accordingly called; and the fol-
lowing members failed to answer to their names:
Messrs. Charles F. Adams, Ashmore, Barr, Barret, Bo-
cock, Bonham, Boteier, Boyce, Brabson, Bristow, Burn-
tiam, Butterfield, Campbell, Case, Horace F. Clark, Clark
B. Cochrane, Conkling, Corwin, Burton Craige, Crawford,
Currv, Curtis, Davidson, H. Winter Davis, Reuben Davis,
Duns, Edmundson, Farnsworth, 3F«rry, Fouke, Graham,
J.Morrison Harris, Hill, Hindman, William A. Howard,
Humphrey, Jackson, Jenkins, Keitt, William Keliogg,
KHlinger, Kunkel, Lamar, Larrnbee, Leake, Logan, Love,
Maclay, Marston, McQueen, Miles, Milison, Sydenham
Moore, Morrill, Isaac N. Morris, Nelson, Noell, Pendleton,
Phelps, Potter, Pugh, duarles, Reagan, John H. Reynolds,
Christopher Robinson, Rufiin, Rtist, Scott, Scranton, Wil-
liam S«uth, Somes, S'talhvorth, James A. Stewart, Stout,
Stiattou, Tappan, Thomas, Underwood, Vallandigham,
Van Wyck, Verrec, Cadwalader C. Washburn, Webster,
Whiteley, VVindom, Winslow, Woodruff, and Woodson.
The committee then rose; and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, Mr. Etheridge re-
ported that t'he Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union had, according to order, had
under consideration the legislative, executive, and
judicial appropriation bill*, and finding itself with-
out a quorum, had caused the roll to be called,
and the absentees noted, and had directed him to
report the names of the absentees to the House.
A quorum being now present, the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union resumed
its session.
The question being on Mr. Sherman's motion
that the committee do now rise, and report the bill
to the House,
Mr. GARNETT withdrew his call for a
division.
The motion was then agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Etheridge reported that
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union had, according to order, had under consid-
eration the bill (H. R. No. 892) making appro-
priations for the expenses of the legislative, exec-
utive, and judicial departments of the Govern-
ment for the year ending June 30,1862, and had
directed him to report the same to the House with
sundry amendments, and with a recommendation
that it do pass.
Mr. SHERMAN moved the previous question
on the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The amendments reported by the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union were sev-
erally read and agreed to.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed, and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. SHERMAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed;and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
INDIAN HOSTILITIES IN CALIFORNIA.
Mr. BURCH, by unanimous consent, submit-
ted the following resolution; which was read, con-
sidered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That Hou«e bill No. 299, entitled "A bill for
the payment of expenses incurred in the suppiession of
Indian hostilities m the State of California,"' together with
the amendments reported by the Military Committee, be
made the special order of the day in the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union for the third Thursday
(the 17th )j>f January, instant.
Mr. mJRCH moved to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution was adopted; and alsomoved
to lay the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
AMENDMENT OF THE CONSTITUTION*.
Mr. ETHERIDGE. Mr. Speaker, I desire to
ask the unanimous consent of the House tointro-
duce a joint resolution providing for amendments
to the Constitution of the United States. I do
so, sir, for the purpose of getting them before the
country and before the members of the House,
and of having them printed. I will send them to
the Clerk's desk, that they may be read. If ob-
jection be made, I will move a suspension of the
rules.
I will state to the House frankly that I do not
want the resolution acted on to-day. I do not
want any vote upon it to-day. But if it is printed,
it will be placed upon the tables of members, and
each one can read it and consider it for himself.
I do not intend to provoke any debate^upon it in
the House. The influences I intend to resort to to
get itadopted will be an earnestappeal to the judg-
ment ot members 
Mr. BARKSDALE. I object to debate and
to the resolution. •
Mr. ETHERIDGE. Well, I move a suspen-
sion of the rules, to enable me to introduce the
resolution.
Mr. HUGHES. I ask for the reading of the
resolution.
The SPEAKER. The Resolution will be read.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I object.
Mr. ADRAIN. We have a right to have the
resolution read.
The SPEAKER. I think you have a right to
have it read.
Mr* BURNETT. I riso for the purpose of
respectfully making an inquiry of the Speaker.
It is the first time, I believe, that it has been de-
cided that wc have a right to have a resolution
read which is not before the House.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman can have an
answer from the Chair. The Chair is of opinion
that the motion to suspend the rules brings the
subject before the House in such a way that the
House is entitled to know what the resolution is.
[Cries of " Certainly."] Upon the motion to sus-
pend the rules, therefore, the Chair thinks the
gentleman from Tennessee is entitled to have his
proposition read.
The Cierk read Mr. Etheridge's resolution,
as follows:
A joint resolution uAviding for amendments to the Con-
stitution of the United States.
Be it resolved by tlte Senate and House of Representatives
of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That
the following amendments to ihe Constitution of the United
States bp proposed to the several States for their adoption
or ratification:
Article 1. Congress shall have no power to interfere
witli slavery in any of the States of the Union.
Art. 2. Congress shall have no power to interfere with
or abolish slavery in any of the navy-yards, dock-yards,
arsenals, forts, or other places ceded to the United States,
within the limits of any States where slavery exists.
Art. 3. Congress thall have no power to interfere with
or abolish slavery in the District of Columbia, without the
consent of the States of Maryland and Virginia; nor with-
out the consent of the inhabitants of said District j nor
without making just compensation to the owners.
Art. 4. Congiess shall have no power to prohibit the
removal or transportation of slaves from one sJave State to
another slave State.
Art. 5. The migration or importation of persons held
to service or labor lor life, or a term of years, into any of
the States, or the Territories belonging to the United States,
is "perpetually prohibited; and Congress shall pass all laws
necessary to make said prohibition effective.
Art. 6. In all that part of the territory of the United
States, not included within the limits of any State, which
lies north of the parallel of 36° 30' of north latitude, sla-
very, or involuntary servitude, except for crime, whereof
the party shall have been duly convicted, shall be prohib-
ited ; and in all that territory of the United States, not in-
cluded within the limits of any State, which lies south of
said parallel of 35° 30' of north latitude, neither Congress
nor any Territorial Legislature shall have power to pass
any law abolishing, prohibiting, or in any manner interfer-
ing with the right to hold slaves; and whenever, in any
portion of the territory owned by the United States north
or south of the said parallel of 36° 30', there shall be, within
an area of not less than sixty thousand square miles, a pop
ulation equal to the ratio of representation for a memberof
Congress, the same shall be admitted by Congress info the
Union as a State, upon the same footing with the original
States in all respects whatever, witli or without slavery, as
its constitution may determine.
Art. 7. No territoiy beyond the present limits of the
United States and the Territories thereof shall be hereafter
acquired by, or annexed to,'the United States, unless the
same be done by a concurrent vote oi ttvo thirds of both
Houses of Congress, or, if the same be acquired by treaty,
by a vote of two thiids of the Senate.
Art. 8. Article tour and section two of the Constitution
of the United States shall be so amended as to read as fol-
lows : A perj-on charged in any State with treason, felony,
or other cume, (against the latvt of said State.) who shall
flee from justice and be found in another State, shall, on
demand of the executive authority ot the State hom which
he fled, be delivered up, to be removed to the State having
i jurisdiction of the crime.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Dlitfois, :l,a«k for
the yeas and nays on the motion tosuspendthe
rules. " . : ;
The yeas and nays were ordered-.
Mr. STEVENSON. Is it.in order nowto gwe
notice of prepositions to amend that resolution ?
Mr. ETHERIDGE. I will say to the.gentle*-
man, and to the House, that the only ^ofyjecfc -I
have in the world1 is to get the resolution b&fore
the House.
Mr. STEVENSON. I only desire to say this:
that I am just as much in favor of the gentleman's
motion as'he is, except, that I want to mate all
the territoiy north free, and all south slave.
Mr. BINGHAM. Iriseito a question ofotiter.
I object to all debate.
Mr. STEVENSON. If weare.going to divide
the territory, I want 
The SPEAKER. Is o debate is in order.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I hope we shall not consider
any more of these resolutions proposing compro-
mises. I hate them.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. As this is a very
important question, I move that there be; a call of
JrlousQ
Mr. BARKSDALE. This is the second at-
tempt that has been made this session to patch
up a compromise, that will end in nothing, m my
judgment.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I call the gentleman
from Mississippi to order. I object to debate.
The question was taken on Mr. Davis's mo-
tion; and the House refused to order a call. -
Mr. BURNETT. I desire to ask the gentle-
man from Tennessee whether, if the rules are sus-
pended, it is his intention to move the previous
question on his resolution, so as to cut on amend-
ments?
Mr. ETHERIDGE. It is not. I do not want
a vote on the proppsition to-day.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I call the
gentleman to order. No debate is in order.
Mr. McCLERNAND. I wish to inquire of
the gentleman from Tennessee whether it is his
purpose to make the joint resolution the special
order for some future day?
Mr. ETHERIDGE. I intend to make that
motion, if the House will suspend the rules.
Mr. McCLERNAND. I Would inquire if this
is substantially the proposition agreed upon by
the border States committee ?
Mr. ETHERIDGE. Substantially.
_ Mr. LOVEJOY. Is this debate in order?
The SPEAKER. It is not in order.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Then I object to it.
The question was taken on Mr. Etherjdgb's
motion to suspend the rules; and there were—
yeas 83, nays 78; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Green Adams, Adrain, Allen, Thomas
L. Anderson, William C. Anderson, Avery, Barret, Bocock,
Branch, Briggs, Brown, Burch, Burnett,John B.Clark,
Clemens, Cobb, John Cochrane, Coxf James Craig, John
G. Davis, De Jarnette, Dimmick, English, Etheridge,
Florence, Pouke, Garnett, Gilmer, Hale, Hall, Hamilton,
Hardeman, Joint T. Harris, flaskiti, Hatton, Hill, Hoard,
Holman, Houston, William Howard, Hughes, Kunkei,Lar-
rabee, James M. £cach, Logan, Maclay, Mallory, Cbarles
D. Martin, Elbert S. Martin, Maynard, McClernand,' Mc-
Kenty, McKnight, McPherson, Milfward, Montgomery,
Laban T. Moore, Moorhead, Edward Joy Morns, Niblack,
Nixon, Pendleton, Peyton, Pryor, Quarleg, Riggs, James
C. Robinsdti, Rust, Scott, Sickles, Simms, William N. H.
Smith, Spaulding, Stevenson, Stokes, Taylor, Thayer,
Theaker, Vallandigham, Vance, Webster, Wood, and
Wright—83.
NAYS—Messrs. Charles F. Adams, Aldnch, Alley,Ash-
ley, Babbitt, Beale, Bingham, Blair, Blake, Braytoft,3tif~
finton, Burlingame, Campbell, Carey, Coburn, Colfax,
Dawes, Delano," Duell, Edgerton, Edwards, Eliot, Ely,
Farnsworth, Fenton, Ferry, Foster, Frank, French, Gooch,
Grow, Gurlfc#, Hawkins, Ilelmick, Hickman, Humphrey,
Hutchins, Irvine, Francis W. Kellogg, Kenyon, Kilgore,
Landrum, DeWitt C. Leach, Lee, Longnecker, Lootnis,
Lovejoy, Marston, McKean, Morse, Olin, Palmer, Perry,
Pettit, Porter, Pottle, Reagan, Edwin R. Reynolds, Rice,
Christopher Uobinson, Royce, Sedgwick, Sherman, Spin-
ner, Stanton, William Stewart, Tappan, Tompkins, Tram,
Trimble, Vandever, Wade, Waldron, Walton, Cadwala
der C. Washburn, EUihu B. Washburne, Wells, and Wil-
son—78.
So (two thirds not voting in favor thereof) the
rules were not suspended.
During the roll-call, \
Mr. McKNIGHT said: "Without committing
myself to this proposition, I vote "ay." ,
Mr. REAGAN (when his name was called)
said: As these propositions have been deliberately
rejected by the Republican caucus, I should hu-
miliate myself and misrepresent my constituents
by voting for them. 1 vote " no."
