280
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January t,
Mr. AVERY stated that his colleague, Mr.
Thomas, was,absent upon a select committee of
the House.
Mr. SINGLETON (when his name was called)
said: Mr. Speaker, I must decline to vote upon
this proposition, as I have done upon similar
propositions heretofore. These questions will be
decided by a convention representing the sover-
eignty of my State, which is in session to-day.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM (when his name was
called) said: I prefer the original Crittenden prop-
ositions, with certain amendments, as a basis for
action, because they would settle the slavery ques-
tion in the Territories definitively, 9s well south as
north of 36° 30', as also in all territory hereafter
acquired. Anything less than a complete, final,
and irrepealabie adjustment, right now, of the
question of slavery, would be idle and mischiev-
ous. But, as no action can be had upon the sub-
ject in any form till the rules arc suspended,!
vote "ay."
Mr. LOOMIS stated that Mr. Woodruff was
confined to his room by sickncss.
Mr. BRANCH made a similar statement with
regard to three of his colleagues, Messrs. Grange,
ffcuFFix, and Winslow.
Mr. COLFAX announced that Mr. Case was
absent on business of the House.
Mr. ClUARLES stated that Mr. Nelson was
engaged on the committee of thirty-three.
Mr. AVERY said: Notwithstanding, as 1 un-
derstand it, this is the same proposition substan-
tially that was before what is called the border
States committee, and that it has been repudiated
since by the Republican members of that com-
mittee; and-notwithstanding I feel humiliated that
all propositions of this sort should come from the
South, yet still I vote "ay."
The result of the vote was announced as above
recorded.
APPEAL IN COPY-RIGHT CASES.
Mr. COX. I ask the unanimous conscntof the
House to take up House bill No. 554, to extend
tin; right of appeal from decisions of circuit courts
to the Supreme Court of the United States.
There being no objection, the House proceeded'
to the consideration of the bill. It directs that,
from all judgments and decrees of any cncuit
court rendered in any action, suit, controversy,
or ease, at law or in equity, under any law of the
United States granting or confirming to authors
the exclusive right to their respective writings, a
writ of error or appeal, as the case may require,
shall lie to the Supreme Court of the United
States, m the same manner and under the same
circumstances as is now provided by law in other
judgments and decrees of such circuit courts, and
in all other cases in which an injunction is awarded
or granted by the decree, and also in all other
cast-s in which the court shall deem it reasonable
to allow the writ of error or appeal.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read'
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. COX moved to reconsider the vote by which
the bill was passed; and also moved to lay the
motion to reconsider 011 the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
APPROVAL OF MAJOR ANDERSON'S COURSE.
^ Mr ADRAIN. I offer the following resolu-
tion:
Resolved, That we fully approve of the bold and patriotic
act of Majoi Anderson in withdrawing from Foil Moultrie
to Fort Sumter, and ot the deteimimuiou of tUe President
to maintain that tearless officer in hi*, present position ; and
that we will support the President in aii constitutional
measures to enforce the law*, and preserve the Union.
Mr. GARTRELL and others objected to the
resolution.
Mr. ADRAIN. If there be objection, I move
to suspend the rules.
Mr. BARKSDALE. On that motion I demand
the yeas and nays.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I ask for the read-
ing of the resolution.
The resolution was again read.
Mr. BURNETT. I appeal to the gentleman
from New Jersey that, in view of the present ex-
cited condition of the country, he withdraw his
resolution. [Cries of 41 No !" " No !" from the
Republican side of the House.]
Mr. ADRAIN. There is no member of the
House more desirous than 3 am to restore friendly
relations between the North and South; but yet
while the people of the country are approving the
act of Major Anderson, I deem it but just and
right that this House should also declare its
approval of it. [Loud calls to " Order !"]
Mr. BARKSDALE. I move that the House
do now adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
The question recurred on Mr. Adrain's motion
to suspend the rules.
Mr. HOUSTON. If the gentleman from New
Jersey will allow me 
Mr. LOVEJOY. I object to debate.
Mr* HOUSTON. I am not going to debate it.
I am going to say nothing more than this 
Mr. LOVEJOY. I call the gentleman to order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ala-
bama cannot be permitted to proceed.
Mr. CRAWFORD. Let us vote on it.
Mr. HOLMAN. Before the vote is taken on
the motion to suspend the rules, I ask leave to
oiTer an amendment to the resolution.
Several Members objected.
The yeas and nays were ordered on the motion
to suspend the rules.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. Before I am com-
pelled to vote, I ask for the reading of the reso-
lution.
The resolution was again read.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 124, nays 53; as foyows:
YEAS—Messr«. Charles F. Adams, Green Adams, Ad-
rain, Aldrich, Allen, Alley, William 0. Anderson, Ashley,
Babbitt, Beale, Bingham, Blair, Blake, Brayton, Briggs,
Buffinton, Builingame, Campbell, Carey, Carter, Clemens,
Coburn, John Ooeluane, Colfax, Covode, Cox, John G.
Davis, l)awes, Delano, Dimmick, Duell, Dunn, Edgerton,
Edward*, Eliot, Ely, Etherldge, Farnsworth, Fen ton,
Ferry, Foster, Frank, French, Gilmer, Gooeh, Grow, Gur-
ley, Hale, Hall, Haskin, Il<imick, Hickman, Hoard, Hol-
mau, William Howard, William A. Howard, Hughes,
Humphrey,Hutching hvme,Junkin,Francis W. Kellogg,
William Kellogg, Konjon, Kilgore, Lariabee, DeWitt C.
Leach, Logan, Longneeker, Loomis, Lovejoy, Maelay,
Marstoij, Charles D. Martin, MoClernaml, McKean, Mc-
Kcmy, McKniaht. Mi'Pliei>on„ MiHwnid, Montgomeiy,
Moorhead, .Vlomll, Edwaid Joy Moms, Mor><\ Ni\on,
oj111, Palmer, Peiiy, P"ttit, Poitei, Pottle, Edwin K. Rey-
nolds, Rice, Kigg! , Chii^tophr*! Robinson, James C. Rob-
inson, llojcp, Sedgwick, Sherman, Sickles, Sprinkling,
.Spinner, Stanton, "Stevens, William Stewart, Stratton,
Tappan, Thaver, Theaker, Tomataais. Tiam, Trunblc,
Vandover, Wade, Waldron, WaltoiiTCadwalndcrC. Wa&h-
burn,Ellihu B. Wasliburne, Webster, Wells,Wilson, Wm
dom, and Wood—124.
NAYS—Messrs. Thomas L. Anderson, Avery, Barks-
dale, Barret, Boeoek, Boulignv, Branch, Blown, Burch,
Burnett, John 15. Clark,Clopton, Cobb, James Craig,Craw-
ford, De Jarnette, Florence, Garnett, Gartiell, Hamilton,
lluuloman, John T. Ilam-*, Ilatton, Hawkins, Hill, Hous-
ton, Jones, Kunkel, Landrum, James M. Leach, Love,
Mallory, Elbert S. Martin, Maynard, McRae, Sydenham
Mooie, Nibluek, Pendleton, Pejton, Prjor, Qiiarles, Rea-
gan, Rust, Scott, Simms, Singleton, William N. II. Smith,
Stevenson, Stokes, Taylor, Vallandigham, Vance, and
Wnght—53.
So (two thirds voting in favor thereof) the
rules were suspended, and the resolution was
brought before the House.
During the vote,
Mr. HUGHES (when his name was called)
said: As I desire to see a fair and square vote 011
every proposition similar to the one now before
the House, I vote " ay."
Mr. LEACH, of North Carolina, (when his
name was called,) said: I do not desire to give
any vote now or hereafter that will tend to in-
crease the excitement in the public mind already
so intensified. I do not wish to give any vote of
commendation to Mr. Anderson or Mr. Buchanan
in connection with the existing momentous issue
of union or disunion. I would, above all things,
like to give a complimentary vote to any man or
set of men who might be able to induce Congress
to adopt some measures to save the Constitution
and the Union.
Mr. McKEAN. A few more men like Major
Anderson would quickly settle it. [Loud calls
to "Order!"]
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM (when his name was
called) said: I voted for pcace and adjustment a
moment ago: you refused it. I vote now against
force. "No."
Mr. BURCH (when his name was called) said:
I am not in favor of an abandonment of the Gov-
ernment property anywhere. But, believing that
the resolution is introduced in no good spirit, and
without a desire to compromise the difficulties,
I vote " no."
Mr. BRAYTON announced that Mr. Lee was
absent from the House on account of sickness.
Mr. HINDMAN, not being within the ^all
when his name was called, asked leave to vote.
Objection was made.
Mr. HINDMAN. I would say to the gentle-
man objecting that perhaps 1 might vote with him
on this question to the extent of suspending the
rules. I should vote in favor of suspending the
rules in order to bring up the question at once;
and to ascertain whether Mr. Buchanan deserves
the damnation of such a compliment. I want to
know if he has approved himself a traitor to every
principle and to every pledge, both public and
private. .[Loud calls to "Order!"]
Mr. HILL (when his name was called) said: I
desire to make one remark. It is well known
that I am an advocate for peace 
Mr. LOVEJOY. I object to debate.
Mr. HILL. I shall engage in no debate; but
it is with infinite pain that I have seen this reso-
lution presented to the House. It is not, in my
judgment a peace offering, and it is calculated to
do nothing but harm.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I insist that the rule shall be
enforced.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Geor-
gia will understand that no debate is in order.
Mr. HILL. I have no objection to Mr. An-
derson's course being approved; but this resolu-
tion introduced here to-day does nothing but harm
in this House, and in the country.
The vote was announced as aoove recorded.
Mr. ADRAIN. I call for the previous ques-
tion on the adoption of the resolution.
Mr. REAGAN. I ask leave to submit an amend-
ment to the resolution. [Cries of" Object!"]
Mr. BARKSDALE. I move that the House
do now adjourn.
Mr. MAYNARD. I demand the yeas and
nays on the adjournment.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The call for the previous question was sec-
onded.
Mr. BOCOCK. I move that the resolution be
laid upon the table.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I appeal to the gentleman
from Virginia to withdraw his motion to lay upon
the table. It cannot be carried. Let us have a
vote on the resolution, and let us understand ex-
actly where we are.
Mr. BOCOCK. Let the gentleman vote down
my motion, if he does not approve of it. I want
to show to the country that I, for one, am anxious
to quench this firebrand introduced into this House
this day.
Mr. LOVEJOY. And I am anxious, for one,
to let the country see that we are ready and will-
ing to sustain the Government.
Mr. IIATTON. I demand the yeas and nays
on the motion to lay upon the table.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The main question was then ordered to be put.
Mr. WASIIBURNE, of Illinois. I demand
the yeas and nays on the adoption of the resolu-
tion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. LEACH, of North Carolina. Is not the
resolution divisible?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will indicate
what division of the resolution he proposes, and
the Chair will decide the question.
Mr. HILL. I think that the resolution is
divisible.
Mr. LEACH, ofNorth Carolina. It is,I think,
susceptible of division. First, we can vote on the
first part of the resolution in reference to Major
Anderson, and then on the portion in reference
to the President.
Several Members. Read the resolution.
The resolution was again read.
Mr. LEACH, ofNorth Carolina.* I withdraw
my demand for a division of the question.
Mr. RUST. I want to make an inquiry of the
Chair. Can I propound an interrogatory to the
gentleman from New Jersey?
Several Members. Debate is not in order.
•Mr. RUST. I merely want to make an in-
quiry. [Cries of " Call the roll!"] I have the
right to ask the Chair a question. {Cries of
" Order!"]
The SPEAKER. No debate is in order, during
the call of the roil.
Mr. RUST. I insist that I have a right topro-
Sound an interrogatory to the gentleman from
few Jersey, in reference to his resolution. [Cries
