1240
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 26,
peculiarly germane to that proposition, and to no
other. If it should be offered as an amendment
to any other proposition on which the gentleman
desires to have the action of the House, it would
be ruled out.
Mr. RUST. Does the gentleman mean to em-
brace the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Corwin] in
the term " we ?" He says " we" want.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. No, sir; I
do not.
Mr. RUST. That is what I want to know.
,-Ax. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Then I hope
the gentleman is satisfied. That, sir, is the rea-
son why we want to have an understanding on
the subject.
_ Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. Will the gentle-
man read the amendment on which he wants a
vote ?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. It is this:
Resolved, That the provisions of the Constitution are
ample for the preservation of the Union, and the protection
of ail the material interests of the country; that it needs to
be obeyed rather than amended ; and our extrication from
present difficulties is to be looked for in efforts to preserve
and protect the public property, and enforce the laws,
rather than in new guarantees for particular interests, or
compromises or concessions to unreasonable demands.
Now, we understand that it is peculiarly ap-
propriate to the joint resolution.
Mr. RUST. I want to know whom the " we"
embraces ?
Mr. ASHLEY. Every man here who is not
a dough-face.
Mr. RUST. I did not hear the military gen-
tleman from Ohio.
' A Member. He said " all that are not dough-
faces."
Mr. RUST. Well, 1 suppose he meant the
dough-faces on that side of the House.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. That is the
reason why it was insisted that this amendment
should be permitted, by the gentleman from Ohio,
to be offered in this connection. Now, will the
House pardon me one moment? It might be sug-
gested that this amendment might be offered to
some of the resolutions which precedc the joint
resolution to which the gentleman refused to allow
it to be offered. But I understood the gentleman
from Ohio to suggest that he did not expect or
desire to have a vote on these preliminary reso-
lutions, but that he proposed to postpone them
indefinitely.
Mr. CORWiN. Merely to postpone till the
others wore disposed of.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Then, will
the gentleman agree that these resolutions may be
acted on, and that the resolution which I have
read may be offered as an amendment?
Mr. CORWIN. Certainly.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Then, so far
as I am concerned, I am perfectly agreed.
Mr. CORWIN. Now, Mr. Chairman, there
is not more than one man in ten who will ever
know what I say; and I wish those around me
to take notice, that I do not agree that the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Illinois shall be of-
fered to the joint resolution to amend the Con-
stitution. I am perfectly willing that it shall be
offered to any other resolution in the whole series.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I will state,
with the permission of the gentleman from Ohio,
my position on this matter; and I donot speak
for any one else. If these resolutions shall be
postponed, and it is the understanding that,after
the joint resolution foramending the Constitution
shall have been disposed of, these resolutions
shall come up immediately, and the amendment
1 have indicated be admitted, and a vote had upon
it, for one, I will make no further opposition to
the vote being taken upon the motion to post-
pone.
Mr. CORWIN. Asanamendmentto the joint
resolution for amending the Constitution ?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. No, sir; as
an amendment to the others.
Mr. CORWIN. I am perfectly agreed to that.
Mr. BURNETT. I want it understood that
gentlemen may have any agreement they please
m reference to the order of their votes; but we on
this side do not assent to any arrangement that
shall take the propositions to be voted on out of
the order in which they stand on the Journal of
the House.
Mr. GROW. I desire to say that if the motion
to postpone be adopted when the proposition of
the gentleman from Ohio shall have been voted on,
and we shall return to the propositions now be-
fore the House, it will then be in order to offer the
amendment to which the gentleman from Illinois
alludes.
Mr. BURNETT. So far as the rules of the
House are concerned, certainly gentlemen may
offer any amendments that are in order. What I
wished to say was, that we do not intend to be
btfund by any agreement gentlemen on that side
of the House may make among themselves that
shall interfere with the regular order of proceed-
ings of the House under the rules.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I now have the
floor, and I desire to ask the gentleman from Ohio
whether he is willing I should offer the amend-
ment I have indicated as an amendment to what
is known as the Crittenden amendment? Such
an amendment would come within the parliament-
ary rules and be in order, as I understand it.
Mr. CORWIN. I state to the gentleman that
I have no objection to any amendment being of-
fered to any proposition except it be offered to the
joint resolution to amend the Constitution.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. Then, is it under-
stood that I shall have permission to offer my
amendment?
Mr. CORWIN. Certainly, so far as I am con-
cerned.
Mr. RUST. I rise to a question of order. I
want to know who is entitled to the floor, and
whether all this debate is in order?
The'SPEAKER. It is not in order. The gen-
tleman from Ohio is upon the floor by the consent
of the House. The gentleman from Ohio cannot
yield the floor except by unanimous consent.
Mr. BURNETT. Will the gentleman from
Ohio give me his ear for a moment. It is impos-
sible, in the confusion that prevails, to hear what
he is saying. If any arrangement is being made
by him with gentlemen upon that side of the
House, I want to say that we agree to nothing
tluit is not first stated by the Chair, and under-
stood by us, unless it is strictly in accordance
with the rules of proceeding under parliamentary
law.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. With the per-
mission of the House, the Chair will state what
he believes to be the understanding between the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Corwin] and the gen-
tleman from Illinois, [Mr Kellogg.] There is
a joint resolution, which is the principal subject
of controversy, proposing an amendment to the
Constitution. The Chair understands the gentle-
man from Ohio to object to any amendment being
offered to that resolution, except the amendment
which he himself offers. But there are other joint
resolutions which the gentleman from Ohio now
proposes to postpone; and he consents that, as
soon as the joint resolution foramending the Con-
stitution shall have been voted upon, the House
shall return to these resolutions, and that the gen-
tleman from Illinois shall have the permission to
offer his amendment, or that the gentleman from
Illinois may offer his amendment to any other
proposition reported by the committee.
Mr. BURNETT. Will the Chair allow me to
make an inquiry? The first proposition I under-
stand to be that originally reported by the com-
mittee of thirty-three. Then there is the prop-
osition of the gentleman from California, [Mr.
Burch,] and then the proposition of the gentle-
man from Virginia. Now, sir, I object to any
proposition that shall intervene to prevent us from
coming to a vote upon the proposition of the gen-
tleman from Virginia, [Mr. Clemens.]
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair un-
derstands that all the amendments pending are
not to the joint resolution for amending the Con-
stitution. The gentleman from Ohio refuses to
permit any amendment to be offered to that joint
resolution. If the question shall be taken upon
that, the question will first occur on the motion
of the gentleman from Virginia to substitute his
proposition for the proposition of the gentleman
from California. The question then will occur
on the amendment as amended, or not amended,
as the House may determine, and then on the res-
olution. These votes will be taken without any
other amendments which can intervene,
Mr. BURNETT. Then I have no objection
to gentlemen on the other side voting upon any
propositions they may desire.
Mr. HICKMAN. I rise to a question of order.
I want to know to what extent those interruptions
are to be permitted to extend ?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair has
merely indulged this debate in order that the
House may understand the question.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I have the floor
by the permission of the gentleman from Ohio,
and I desire to say a word.
Mr. HICKMAN. I object.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. If gentlemen will
bear with me for one moment, I can make aprop-
osition to which there will be no objection.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. If there be no
objection, the Chair will hear the gentleman.
Mr. BOULIGNY. I object.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. The gentleman
from Louisiana, I am sure, will not persist in his
objection. I desire to state that, as the amend-
ments now stand upon the Journal, the vote will
of necessity have to be taken upon what is known
as the Crittenden amendment, offered by the gen-
tleman from Virginia. Now, I propose to offer
my amendment in strict accordance with par-
liamentary rule, which can only be avoided by a
demand for the previous question. It will not
interfere at all with the proposition of the gentle-
man from Ohio. If he will permit me to offer my
amendment,he may then carry outhisprogiamme
as he pleases.
Mr. CORWIN. As an amendment to what?
Mr. KELLOGG. As an amendment to the
Crittenden proposition.
Mr. CORWIN. I desire to know whether that
is in order?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair sup-
poses it would be an amendment in the third de-
gree, and not in order.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I think the Chair
is mistaken in that. It is an amendment in the
second degree.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. And the Chair
will suggest another reason why the amendment
cannot be received at this time. The motion sub-
mitted by the gentleman from Ohio, to postpone,
would cut it off.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. That is true; but
I understood that motion to be waived.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair does
not understand the gentleman from Ohio to with-
draw his motion to postpone.
Mr. BURNETT. I insist that the gentleman
from Ohio shall either proceed or give up the floor.
I object to any further interruptions.
Mr. CORWIN. 1 have never yielded the floor
at all. Gentlemen take it from me without ask-
ing leave; and they do not care whether I yield
or not, or whether they are recognizcd by the
Chair or not. I wish now to state simply what
my purpose is, so far as this controversy is con-
cerned. I want a vote upon this joint resolution to
amend the Constitution first, and I wan tit without
amendment; therefore I have objected to the
amendment of the gentleman from Illinois. Now
I propose this, if the House will agree to it: that
we shall now adjourn; that in the morning we
will postpone these resolutions, so as to get at
the joint lesolution for amending the Constitution,
these resolutions being mere generalities, not af-
fecting legislation; that we shall vote upon that
joint resolution; that we shall then return to these
resolutions, and I am willing that any amend-
ments gentlemen may desire shall be offered and
voted upon, so that it is done without debate.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I wtsh to say this
in response to the proposition of the gentleman
from Ohio: I understand that that which is in
order before the House, is the resolutions reported
by the gentleman from the select committee of
thirty-three; and that his motion is to postpone
their further consideration and to take up the joint
resolution, which he has also reported. I am will-
ing that the resolutions first reported by him
should be postponed for prior action upon the
joint resolution to which he moves an amendment.
When we proceed to vote on the resolutions first
reported by the chairman of the select committee
of thirty-three, I understand that this will be the
condition of the question. As those resolutions
stand, I believe that there are amendments offered
by the gentleman from California [Mr. BcRch]
and the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Clemens;]
the latter being m the nature of a substitute. Un-
der the parliamentary law they would be capable
of being amended, so far as the substitute is con-
