1242
Ttt® CONGRESSIONAL- GLOBE,
February 26,
• ifixt McCLERNAND. Will it not -be -the
amendment offered by the gentleman from Vir-
gioiar
. The SPEAKER pro tempore. It will not, for
that amendment is not pending to that proposition.
Mr. BURNETT. If the declaratory resolu-
tions are postponed, and the proposition then
pending before the House — which will be the
proposition offered \>y the gentleman from Ohio-
should be adopted, will we then have reached a
vote upon the Crittenden resolutions?
The J3PEAKER pro tempore. ~ Certainly; be-
cause they are postponed only until the others
are acted upon.
Mr. GARNETT. I rise to a point of order.
I wish to know of the Chair whether a vote to
postpone is not a vote to postpone a direct vote
upon the Crittenden propositions?
• The SPEAKER pro tempore. It will be a vote
to postpone only until the other propositions are
a^eted upon.
Mr. HASKIN. As a member of the House,
I am satisfied that we can do no business this
afternoon; and therefore I move that the House
adjourn.
Mr. RUST. If we refuse to postpone, what,
will be the next question?
The SPEAKERproiempore. The question will
then be upon the adoption of the resolutions and
pending amendments.
Mr. kUST. What is the first resolution to be
voted upon ?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Debate is not in
order. The Chair has not before him the reso-
lutions. They are the declaratory resolutions
reported from the committee.
Mr. HASKIN. I vise to a point of order. I
now move that this House adjourn. I suppose
that motion is in order, and 1 insist upon it. I
demand the yeas and nays upon that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 55, nays 85; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ashley, Benin, Bingham. Biake, Bray-
ton, Buffinton, Buihngame, Burnham, Buucrficld,Colmj ,
Covodc, John (5. Davis, Delano, Duell, Edgerton, Edwards,
Eliot, Ely, Farnswoith, Fenton, Feiry, Frank, Garnett,
Good), Grow, Ilaskin, Hickman, Hutchins, Irvine, Lee,
Longnecker, Loomis, Lovcjoy, Maraton, McKoan, Mc-
Kniglit, Mor^e, Clnistoplior Robinson, Koyce, Scramon,
Sedgwick, Somes Spinnei, Stevens, Tappan, Tompkins,
Tram, Wade, Walrlron, C.idw.ilader C. Washburn, EUiIni
B. Washburnc, Wells, Wilson, Wlndoin, and Woodruff
—5o.
NAV'S—Messrs. Charles F. Adams Green Adams Ad-
ram, Aldrich, William C. Anderson, Avery, Bun, Bar-
ret, Bocock. Boteler, Bouh^ny, Ihabsoti, Branch, Bnegs
Bristow, Brown, Buicfi, Burnett, Campbell, Carter, Hor-
ace F. Claik, John B. Clark, John Cochrane, Colfax, Conk-
ling, Corwin, Cox, Bui ton Craige, II. Winter Davis, Do
Jamette, Dunn, EdmumKon. English, Ethcridgc, Floience,
Fouke, Gilmer, Hall, Hamilton, John T. Hants, Hatton,
Helnnek, William Howard, Hughes, Junkin, William Kcl-
Jogg, Kcnyon, Kilaore, Killmjiei, Lairabee, Leake, Logan,
Maclay, Mallury, Elbeit S. Martin, Maynard, McCleinand,
McKcnty, McPher^on, Montgomeiy, Laban T. Mo*>ie, Ed-
ward Joy Morris, Nelson, Peyton, Phelps, Porter, Quatles
RigtfS Rust, Sickles, William N. II. Smith, Spanldin", Ste-
venson, James A. Stewart, Stokes, Thomas, Vallandig-
bam, Voncc, Vcirec, Walton, Welter, Whitclcy, Wins-
low, Wood, and Wright—8.).
So the House refused to adjourn.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. COLFAX stated that Mr. Case was paired
off with Mr. Robinson, and Mr. Niblacic with
Mr. Humphrey.
Mr. McPHERSON stated that Mr. Eabbitt
was absent on account of sickness.
Mr. McCLERNAND stated that Mr. Morris,
of Illinois, was paired off with Mr. Peiiry.
Mr. KUNKEL stated that he was paired off
for the residue of the evening- with Mr. Palmer.
Mr. BLAIR stated that he was paired off with
Mr. Martix, of Ohio.
The result was announced as above recorded.
The question then recurred upon the motion to
postpone.
Mr, CORWIN. I wish to state that if this
motion is carried, we can adjourn till to-morrow.
Mr. RUST. Will the gentleman from Ohio
allow me to make a suggestion to him. If the
proposition offered by the gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Wasiicurne] can be carried by this House,
it will dispense wjth the necessity of voting upon
other propositions. If the " we*" on that.side of
the House; if those who are not <c dough-faces"
on that sjde of thy House: if tho irrepressibles"
are in a majority in this House, there is no ne-
cessity at all for voting upon other propositions.
The SPEAKER pro. tempore, (Mr. Harris, of
Maryland, occupying the chair.) Debate is out
of order.
Mr. RUST. I am not debating, sir. I have
no idea of doing such a thing. I suggest to the
gentleman from Ohio that he allow a vote to be
taken on the proposition of the gentleman from
Illinois.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman
from Arkansas is not in order. The question is
on the motion of the gentleman from Ohio to
postpone
Mr. RUST, Who objects to my proposition?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair de-
cides that the gentleman from Arkansas is out of
order.
Mr. RUST. I appeal from that decision.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair de-
cides the gentleman to be out of order, because
the main question has been ordered; and nothing
is in order but the proposition of the gentleman
from Ohio, to postpone the first series of resolu-
tions.
- Mr. RUST. Is not a proposition, asking the
unanimous consent of the House, always in order?
Mr. PARNSWORTH. I object to debate.
Mr. RUST. The gentleman objects to a vote
on the proposition of his colleague.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. No, sir; I object to
debate.
Mr. RUST. I ask unanimous consent of the
House that a vote may be taken on the proposi-
tion of the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Wasii-
burns.] *
Mr. LOGAN. I object.
Mr. RUST. Another of the gentleman's col-
leagues objects.
Mr. BURNETT. I demand the yeas and nays
on the motion of the gentleman from Ohio.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken on Mr. Corwin's mo-
tion to postpone the first series of resolutions;
and it was decided m the negative—yeas 54, nays
91; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Charles F. Adams, Green Adams, Ad-
iain, Withain C. Anderson, Botolet, Bouligny, Biabsun,
Bit^tmv, Campbell, Collar, Conklmjjf, Convin, Cuius il
Winter DavK Delano, Eiheruige, Gihnci, Giow, Hall,
Hamilton, J. Monism Ilani^, John T. Harris flatton, Mel'
truck. Wilhrun llowntd, Junkin, Kcnyon, Kilgore, KiJlm-
yer, Lomjneeker, Malloiy, ChailOf I). Martin, Majtuud,
McCleinand, McKwihr, McPheison, Millson, Lahan T.
Moote. Mooihead, Edv\aid Joy Mouit-, Nelf-on, Potter,
Q.uatles Hojcc, Wit I mm N. II Smith, Spanieling,
Stokes, Vance, Vence, Walton, Webstei, Windoin, and
Wood—f)-l.
NAYS—Messts. Aldrich, Alley, Ashley, Avery, Barr,
Bairet, Beale, Bingham, Blair, Blake, Bocock. Bianch,
Btayton, Buc^s Brown, Buffinton, Burch, Bmhnirarne,
Burnett, Butnliam, Bmtettleld, ratter, Horace F. Clark,
John B. ('l,nk, Colnirn, John Coehiano, Co.\, Bm ton Craisje,
John G. Davis, Davve*, Dc Jarnette, Duel!, Edyerton, Ed-
imindson, Edwards, Ely, English, Fenton. Feiry, Florence,
Funkc, Flank, French, Garnett, Graham, Haskin, Hick-
man, liolman, Hughes, Hutchms, liviuu, Jenkins,'William
Kellogg, Lanabee, Leake, Lee. Loomis, Lovojoy, Maclay,
Mats-ton, McKean,McKenty, Montgomciy, Peyton, Potter,
Pryot, Edwin It. Reynold-*, Robtn-on, Uu-t, Rickle^Simms
Pome^, Spinner, Stevens, Stevenson. James A. Stewart,
William Stewait, Tappan, Thomas, Tiatn, Vallandisham,
Wade, Waldroti, Cadwalader C. W.istilnun, Elliliu B.
Washbuine, Wells Whiteley, Wilson, Winslow, Wood-
ruft, and Wright—91.
So the motion was not agreed to.
During the roll call, the following proceedings
took place:
Mr. BOTELER (when his name was called)
said: I desire to make an inquiry of the Chair.
If the motion to postpone is carried, will it carry
the Crittenden proposition with it?
Mr. McCLERNAND. 1 object to further in-
quiries.
Mr BURNETT. The House has a right to
know what is the decision of the Chair on that
point. I state that, if the motion to postpone is
carried, it will carry the Crittenden proposition
with it.
Mr. McCLERNAND. I call the gentleman
to order. He has made that statement already
some twenty times.
Mr. BURNETT. I know it is so. The former
occupant of the chair so decided.
The SPEAKER, pro tempore. Does the gen-
tleman from Kentucky rise to a point of order?
Mr. BURNETT. I do. I claim that the House
has a right to know what will be the effect, under
the parliamentary law, of a particular vote, and
that it has a right to inquire of the Speaker. The
former occupant of the chair decided that the mo-
tion to postpone did carry the Crittenden propo-
sition with it.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. With the per-
mission of the House, the Chair would be glad
to explain his understanding of the effect of this
vote.
Mr. McCLERNAND. I object. It has been
explained to the gentleman at least twenty times
to-day.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will
proceed with the calling of the roll.
Mr. LEACH, of Michigan, stated that he had
paired off with Mr. Scott for the residue of the
day.
Mr. Q.UARLES stated that Mr. Leach, of
North Carolina, had paired with Mr. Farns-
worth.
Mr. JENKINS announced that Mr. Martin,
of Virginia, had paired off with Mr. Sedgwick,
until ten o'clock to-night.
Mr. MOORE, of Kentucky, (when his name
was called,) said: Believing that this postponement
will not affect the Crittenden proposition, I vote-
" ay."
Mr. BURNETT. I desire to say that, if this
motion is carried, it will be by the votes of Rep-
resentatives of border States. It will postpone
the Ciittenden proposition.
Mr. MOORE, of Kentucky. I take the declar-
ations of other gentlemen.
Mr. BURNETT. I care nothing about declar-
ations. That is the parliamentary effect of the
motion, and the gentleman cannot escape it.
The SPEAKER yro tempore. Debate is not in
order.
Mr. BARRET stated that Mr. Phelps had
paiied off with Mr. Eliot.
Mr. STOKES (when his name was called)
said: With the unanimous consent of the House
I desire to ask a question of the Chair. [Cries
of "Go on!"] I desire to know what will be
the effect of the postponement of the present ques-
tion. I desire to know whether or not the Crit-
tenden proposition will come up after the vote has
been taken on the proposition to amend the Con-
stitution ?
Mr. GARNETT. I object to any interroga-
tions.
Mr. STOKES. I will state that it is the first
time 1 have ever asked any question of the Chair
since I have been a member of the House.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair is
very glad to have an opportunity of stating what
he understands to be the effect of the vote. The
Chair understands that the effect of the non-post-
ponement will be to bring the House to a vote on
the pending propositions, and the amendments to
them, in the order m which they stood before the
motion of the gentleman from Ohio was made.
The Chair desires further to say that, in his un-
derstanding, if the motion to postpone were car-
ried, itwould only postpone the voting on the
Crittenden proposition, and the amendment of the
gentleman from California,one vote. They would
come up in their regular order immediately after
that.
Mr. BURNETT. Let me ask the Chair one
question. In the event of the declaratory resolu-
tions being postponed, would not the propositions
know as the Crittenden compromise have to run
the gauntlet of the House? There is no previous
question on them. Would they not have to take
the chances of never coming up, from having
amendments to them interposed ?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. They would
come up immediately after the resolution for
amendments to the Constitution was disposed of.
Mr. BURNETT. Would not members have
the right to offer amendments to them?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The Chair
will decide that when the question arises.
Mr. BURNETT. Could there not be motions
to lay on the table and other motions interposed ?
The SPEAKERpro tempore. The Chair would
state, in answer to the gentleman from Kentucky,
that the same right exists now.
Mr. NELSON With the explanation of the
Chair, I vote " ay."
Mr. BRABSON. After the explanation and
decision of the Chair, I change my vote, and vote
" ay."
Mr. HARRIS, of Virginia. Under the decision
of the Chair, I vote " ay."
Mr. HOWARD, of Ohio. Under the explana-
