1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1243
tion of the Chair, I change my vote, and vote
"ay.:'
The result was announced as above recorded.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I now offer, as
an amendment to the amendment known as the
Crittenden amendment, the following:
Strike out all after the word " that," and insert:
The ioliowmg aitielcs be, and are hereby, proposed and
submitted as> amendments to the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States, whirl) shall he valid, to all intents and pur-
poses, as part of said Constitution, when ratified by con-
ventions of three fourths of the several States.
Art. 13. That in al! the territory now held by the United
States situate north of}atitude3G° 30' involuntary servitude,
except in the punishment for crime, is prohibited while such
territory shall remain under a territoual government; that
in all the territory now held south oi said line, neither
Congress nor any Territoiial Legislature shall hinder or
prevent the emigration to said terntoiy of persons held to
scrvice from any State of this Union, when that relation
exists by virtue of any jaw or usagp of such State, while it
shall remain in a territorial condition; and when any ter-
ritory north or south of said line, withm such boundaries
as Congrees may pie^cribe, shall contain the population
requisite for a member of Congress, according to the then
Federal ratio of representation of the people of the United
States, it may, if its fonn of government he republican, be
admitted into the Union on an equal footing with the ori-
ginal States, with or without the lelation of persons held to
service and labor, as the constitution of such new State
may provide.
Art. 14. That nothing in the Constitution of the United
States, or any amendment thereto, shall be so construed as
to authorize any department of the Government to, in any
manner, interfere with the relation of peisons held to ser-
vice in any State where that relation exists, nor in any
manner to establish or sustain that relation in any State
whPre it is prohibited by the laws or constitution of such
State. And that this article shall not be altered or amended
without the consent of eveiy State in the Union.
Art. 15. The thndpmagraph of the second section of the
fourth article of the Constitution shall be taken and con-
strued to authorize and empower Congress to pass laws ne-
cessary to secure the return of persons held to service or
laboi under the laws of any State, who may have escaped
therefrom, to the paity to whom such seivice or labor may
be due.
Art. 16. The migration or importation of persons held
to seivice or involuntary servitude, into any State, Terri-
tory, or place within the United States, from any place, or
country beyond the limits of the United States or Territo-
ries thereof, is forever piohibited.
Art. 17. No Terntoiy beyond the present limits of the
United States and the Teriitones thereof, shall be annexed
to or be acquired by the United States, unless by treaty,
which treaty bhall be idtified by a vote of t\\ o thirds of the
Senate.
Mr. BURNETT. I rise to a question of order.
There is no amendment now in order.
Mr. SICKLES. Unless it be an amendment
to the original proposition.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. The gentleman
is mistaken. My amendment is one in the second
degree, to the substitute offered by the gentleman
from Virginia, [Mr. Clemens.]
Mr. SICKLES. That substitute is not before
the House.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. It is before the
House, and an amendment offered to it.
Mr. SICKLES. It is not before the House.
The hist question is, on perfecting the original
matter to which the substitute is offered.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The proposition
of the gentleman from Illinois is in order.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I move the pre-
vious question.
Mr. TAPPAN. Is it in order to move to amend
the amendment of the gentleman from Illinois?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. It is not.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and then, on motion of
Mr. LOVEJOY, (at eight o'clock, p. m.,) the
House adjourned to to-morrow morning at eleven
o'clock, a. m.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, February 27, 1861.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Re\. Dr. Gurley.
The Secretary proceeded to read the Journal of
yesterday.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. It seems to me there
is no great use in reading that long volume of pro-
ceedings of yesterday. Gentlemen are not in the
habit of listening to it with such attention as to
correct any little error that may occur. That may
be better detected hereafter when it is m print,
when those gentlemen who desire to do so may
examine it. I move to dispense with the further
reading.
The motion was agreed to, by unanimous con-
SeThe VICE PRESIDENT. _ The Chair will
suggest that, if the order of business is not inter-
fered with, in ten or fifteen minutes petitions and
reports may be got through with.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I present a petition of
citizens of Iowa, praying for the settlement of our
national difficulties by the adoption of resolutions
submitted by me, or those of the Representatives
of the border States, or the substitute of Mr.
Douglas. I will only read the first two liaes:
"The Union, now and forever, one and inseparable."
I also present a petition, to the same purpose,
from the citizens of Muhlenburg county, Ken-
tucky. I ask that the petitions lie on the £able.
It was so ordered.
Mr. TRUMBULL presented a petition of resi-
dents and legal voters of the town of Tuscola,
county of Douglas, State of Illinois, representing
that they are firmly and irrevocably attached to
the 'Constitution and laws of the United States as
they are, and that they are opposed to all com-
promises with traitors and with men who are
directly or indirectly plotting the overthrow of
the Government, and praying Congress at once
to adopt such measures as may be necessary to
hold and to protect the property of the Govern-
ment; to maintain the honor of our flag and the
integrity of the Union; which was ordered to lie
on the table.
Mr. TENEYCK. In obedience to what I con-
sider the right of petition, I present the follow-
ing:
l( We the undersigned, citizens of the United States, in
view of the alarming and distracted state of the country,
and the well-founded appiehensions of civil war, beg your
honorable bodies to embrace any just and equitable com-
pioinise that maj be pi opened, in the hope that ournational
difficulties may be speedily settled.
*' To tins end, among any amendments that may be of-
fered to the Constitution, we beg leave respectfully to pro-
per, that hereafter, no State may be permitted to secede
fiom the Union without the consent of ail the other States,
save and alone the State of South Caiolina, who may be
allowed to come in and go out whenever she pleases."
[Laughter ]
I move that the memorial lie on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER presented a memorial of citi-
zens of western Pennsylvania, praying for the
repeal of all laws respecting the carrying of the
mail and the opening and closing of post offices
on the Sabbath, and to put a stop to all other vio-
lations of the Sabbath; which was referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
He also presented a memorial of citizens of
western Pennsylvania, praying for the repeal of
the fugitive slave law, the abolition of slavery in
the District of Columbia, that provision be made
for the termination of slavery, protesting against
the reopening of the slave trade, and praying that
the liberty of speech and of the press may be
maintained, and the executive patronage cur-
tailed; which was ordered to lie on the ta'ole.
Mr. WILSON presented apetition of citizens of
Newburyport, Massachusetts, setting forth that
they believe in the justice and soundness, as well
as the patriotism, of the principles embodied in the
Chicago platform, and that the Constitution gives
the fullest security for the rights of all the citi-
zens of the United States, and remonstrating
against the passage of the Crittenden lesolutions,
and'expressing their gratitude to Senators Wil-
son and SuMxcit, and their Representatives, for
their faithfulness to them; which was ordered to
lie on the table.
Mr. BIGLER presented a petition of citizens j
of Blair county, Pennsylvania, praying for the
adoption of the compromise measures proposed
by Hon. Mr. CrittexIdcn'; which was ordered to
lie on the table.
Healsopresented apetition of citizens of Frank-
lin county, Pennsylvania, praying for the adop-
tion of the compromise measures proposed by
the representatives of the border States; which
was ordered to lie on the table.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. THOMSON, from the Committee on Na-
val Affairs, to whom was referred the memorial
of H. Paulding, a captain in the Navy, praying
remuneration for expenses incurred in defending
himself m n suit brought against him for having
caused William Walker anil his followers toleave
San Juan, m Nicaragua, reported a joint resolu-
tion (S. No. G8) for the rolief of Captain Hiram
Paulding, United States Navy; which was read,
and passed to a second reading.
He also, from the same committee, to wliom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 586) for the relief
of the legal representatives of Frederick F. Brose,
deceased, reported it with amendments; and sub-
mitted a report, which was ordered to be printed.
W. II. SMILEY.
Mr. MASON. The Committee on Foreign
Relations have instructed me to report a joint
resolution (S.No. 67) authorizing W.H. Smiley,
United States commercial agent at the Falkland
Islands, to receive a telescope tendered to him by
the Belgian Government. It is a compliment to
him for great perils incurred on his part in rescu-
ing a seaman. I hope it will be put on its passage.
No objection was made; and the joint resolution
(S. No. 07) authorizing W. H. Smiley, United
States commercial agent at the Falkland Islands,
to reccive a telescope tendered to him by the Bel-
gian Government, was read a first and second
time, and considered as in Committee of the
Whole. t
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
without amendment, ordered to be engrossed fox
a third reading, read the third time, and passed.
JEAN A. B. DAUTERIVE.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Mr. President, after
repeated disappointments, I move theSenate again
to take up the bill which some time ago passed the
other House, for the relief of the heirs and legal
representatives Qf Jean A. B. Dauterive.
Mr. FOSTER. I have petitions to present.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I only wish to make a
single remark, if I am in order, upon the motion
which I have made to take up this bill. It has
been several times, as many as three or four times,
postponed for the convenience of the Senate. It
is entitled to be heard. It is an interest very im-
portant to the individuals concerned; and I hope
the Senate will find it convenient now to take it
up. I do not think it will occupy a long time. I
shall not ask more than ten minutes to explain
this bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Kentucky moves to take up the bill (H. R. No.
583) for the relief of the heirs and legal represent-
atives of Jean A. B. Dauterive.
Mr. FOSTER. I have petitions to present; and
I supposed it was the understanding that the morn-
ing business would be proceeded with in regular
order before taking up private bills.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion of the
Senator from Kentucky ,eas has been repeatedly
decided, is in order, if he insists upon it.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. If 1 am at liberty to do
so, I consent to withdraw the motion to allow the
Senator to present his petitions without displacing
my own motion.
'The VICE PRESIDENT. The order of busi-
ness being oncc broken into, the Chair does not
know when it will come up again. He suggested
that petitions and reports be gone through with;
but if Senators make these motions, they must
be received. If the motion be withdrawn by the
Senator from Kentucky, he can renew it if he
should get the floor again. If the Senator from
Kentucky withdraws his motion and yields the
floor, the Chair will receive petitions.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I cannot do that, be-
cause I am very slow to get the floor, and very
seldom obtain it.
The motion being put; there were, on a division
—ayes 12, noes 18; no quorum voting.
Mr. BIGLER. I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. COLLAMER. What is the question?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Will the Senate
take up the bill indicated by the Senator from
Kentucky ?
Mr. COLLAMER. I wish to say,on that mo-
tion, that I am well informed that the bill must
receive long discussion.
Mr. CLARK. I can repeat the same state-
ment. I have examined the bill, and I am satis-
fied that it will lead to debate; and it seems tome
we had better present our petitions and reports
before wo take it up.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. If threats of debate can
(prevent a particular bill, that some gentlemen do
not desire to pass, from being taken up, it will
never be done. I can hear threats that thi« is to
lead to a long debate. Suppose that should be
said about the next bill that may be called up:
what then ?
