1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1245
did not create a valid title of itself; but they said
this—I beg the attention of the Senate to this ex-
pression of the court:
"These acts of O'Reilly and Lfnzagahave been urged as
a confirmation by the Spanish Government, pro tanto, of
the French giant to Duvernay."
It might have been considered, the Senate will
observe, in either one of two points of view: either
as an original title from the Spanish Government,
and as such an imperfect one, or it might have been
considered as a confirmation by Spain to this re-
duced extent of the title under Duvernay and the
Western company. The court said:
"These acts of O'Reilly and Unzaga have been urged as
a confirmation by the Spam=h Government, pro tanto, of
the French grant to Duvernay; and it may be admitted
that they are. entitled to great weight m that aspect of the
case."
If they were of great weight, considered in that
point of view, as they ought to have been con-
sidered, what was the reason that the court did
not consider it so, and, regarding it as a confirma-
tion, give relief accordingly ? For the reason now
given by the court:
" But this view cannot avail the petitioners here, as the
effect would be dimply the confirmation of a complete and
perfect title, wlncu we have seen cannot be dealt with un-
der this act of 1S41."—United States vs. D\'hclcriic ct al.,
15 Howard's Reports, p. 25.
Under the act of 1844 the court could deal only
with imperfect titles; and the court had before
said that the title under Duvernay was a perfect
title. Now, if you consider the act of the Span-
ish Governor as a confirmation of the title, it
would be the confirmation of a regular title, and
of course the petitioners would be in the same
predicament of being before the court with a per-
fect title, and the court having no jurisdiction of
that. Is this deciding against the claim on its
merits, when they say that, considered as a con-
firmation of the title, it would be entitled to great
weight? But that could not change their decision,
which was upon the point of jurisdiction. If the
court had had jurisdiction, they would have con-
sidered it as a confirmation of the French title by
the Spanish Government; and are we notatliberty
to infer, from that expression of the court, that the
court would have considered the claim a merito-
rious one? I certainly so regard it; and in that
point of view 1 ask for the confirmation of this
claim by the Senate. A long time has no w elapsed
since the origin of this title—one hundred and
forty or one hundred and fifty years since the
frant to the Western company by the King of
Vance. During a large part of that time there
were sixty years of actual possession on the part
of Dauterive, and those under whom he claimed,
from 1718 to 1780, when Dauterive died, leaving
a widow, who married. Dauterive died, seized
and possessed of this land. His widow married,
and, with her husband, removed to another part
of the country, abandoning this tiact. Land, you
may imagine, was of very little value there—of
much less value than the settlements; and atract
of this size was no great thing then, though it may
bo now.
Now, what is asked for by these heirs? The
confirmation of this title, and permission to them,
where the lands have been occupied, to take others.
Where it is good for anything, the land has been
sold by the Government, and the money received.
Where it is worth nothing, the heirs of Dauterive
will have to take it; and that amounts, I under-
stand, to a large quantity—from fifty to seventy
thousand acres. That they must take, though it
is worth nothing; and it is only for the remainder
of the claim, where the land is of some value, and
has been sold by the Government and the money
received for it, that the heirs ask to be permitted
to enter and appropriate land elsewhere to the
amount of that which has been granted and sold
by the Government.
Mr. CLARK. Will the Senator permit me to
inquire about how much that amount is ?
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I have endeavored to
state it as nearly as I could.
Mr. CLARK. How much of the land has been
entered by others and sold by the Government,
for which these parties desire to take land else-
where '
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I cannot state that. I
have stated the limits of the claim. There is a
large portion of it swamp land. 1 speak with no
certainty as to the quantity. I have given the
Senate all tile information I have. The whole
grant of four leagues front, according to the cer-
tificate of Mr. Wilson, the Commissioner of the
Land Office, would be four hundred and fifty-five
thousand acres. This claim has been reduced from
four leagues to forty -four arpents front, less than
two miles, I understand,and gentlemen will know
as well as I do what the contents may be; they
can make the calculation. The whole was four
hnndredandfifty-five thousand acres, with afront
of four leagues on the river. Reducing that to forty-
four arpents, a great deal is taken off which is not
liable to be taken by these petitioners; and it is only
the land lying beyond the Mississippi, and be tween
that and the Atchafalaya. It is provided that what
has been sold by the Government shall be recom-
pensed to the heirs of Dauterive by granting them
permission to enter the like quantity elsewhere
upon any lands that are liable to entry at private
sale. That is all that the bill provides. The old
gentleman who is now entitled to the claim as the
heir of Dauterive, has been mourning the whole
of his life time, 1 understand, over what he con-
siders a spoliation of his property by the Govern-
ment by refusing to make his title sure and good.
I promised to take up but little time. I dare say
I have been imperfect in the statement I have made;
but wishing to be very brief, I shall say no more
at present.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish to suggest one
amendment to this bill which I understand is not
objected to, or if it is, I presume the Spnator can
state the objection. It is afterthe words " of the
United States," in the twenty-second line, on
page 3, to insert the words " within the State of
Louisiana." So that it will read:
He shall be entitled to receive m Ins own name certifi-
cates of scnp to the amount thereof, divided into tracts of
eighty which may be located on any part of the
public html-, of the United States within the State of Lou-
isiana, subject to private entiy, &.C.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I suppose the objection
to it is, that that would grant nothing.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It was stated to me that
the gentleman interested was willing to accede
to that amendment. 1 do not know how it is.
He did not state it to me himself, but a gentleman
came to me and said he was authorized to say
that he would assent to it. I do not wish to pre-
judice the ease by that. I did not suppose the
Senators of the other States in which there are
public lands would be willing to have^him enter
their States to locate a large portion of this scrip.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. It has been done in
many instances. They are all our lands. It may
be, perhaps, that Louisiana may raise a question
with us about the lands in her limits. 1 do not
know about that; but I take it all the rest of the
public lands belong to us, alike in all the States.
I cannot accept the amendment, because I really
believe it would annul the whole bill. It cannot
be that there are any lands, of any sort of value,
remaining in the State of Louisiana, not even
swamp lands.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr. President, I have not
had an opportunity to examine this case as fully
as I coulu wish. I should not say a word about
it, were it not for the fact that I am a member of
the committee from which it was reported; and
with regard to all cases coming from a committee
of which I am a member, if 1 happen to have
formed an opinion on the subject, and it is a mat-
ter of impoitance, I deem it my duty to state the
impressions which I have in regard to it, in order
that the Senate may be informed, so far as I may
be able to inform them, conceiving that it is the
duty of the committee to whom business is in-
trusted to explain, so far as they can, the cases
which come before them.
I read the report that was made m the House
of Representatives in this case, and it was not en-
tirely satisfactory to my mind. I will state to the
Senate that it is a case in one respect resembling
the celebrated Houmas grant, which has been re-
pealed, to be sure. A certain front upon theriver
was surveved, and the survey was made a short
distance back by Mr. Andry, but the side lines
weri* not surveyed. The grant runs off in di-
vergina- line; to the Atchafalaya, so that you can-
not tell from the survey upon the river, or even
guess at what may be the amount of the contents
included within the grant. It is a very singular
mode they had down there; and how they pre-
vented the lines from cutting each other in all di-
rections is a mystery to me, not being a surveyor.
That attracted my attention; and I referred then
to the survey of Mr. Andry.*
The Senator from Kentucky argues that this
claim is not under that Spanish grant, though that
was the only one which was surveyed. That was
presented as secondary to the original claim. I
think he must be mistaken about that, because
the claimant relies upon the survey made by An-
dry as defining his grant. There was ho other
survey. There is no other mode of locating it,
except by that survey, which was made under
Unzaga, by Andry; and in the report made in
the House of Representatives, that sui vey is re-
died upon as showing where the grant is, and what
is its character; and unless that'grant under Un-
zaga is relied upon, and the survey and confirm-
ation by him, there is nothing that I am aware of
in the papers to show where this grant lies, or
what it is. That certainly was what was stated
in the report made in the House of Representa-
tives, which I read carefully. That called my
attention to the examination that was made of the
case by the Supreme Court of the United States,
when it was brought up there. My impression
was, in reading the case there—though 1 did not
examine that so minutely—that four members of
the court decided that thev had jurisdiction, and
went on to examine it. Judge Nelson, however,
gave an opinion upon the effect of the survey of
'Andry, which was relied upon. They had the
original copies not only of the memorandum, but
minutes of the survey, showing the marks laid
down on the face of the earth, and everything in
regard to the survey made by Andry. Judge
Nelson, in that opinion, goes into an examina-
tion, and comes to the conclusion—expressing the
opinion of a majority of the court with regard to
that, which in reported in 15 Howard—that the
claimants could take nothing under that survey,
that it did not cover what they claimed, and What
is now claimed in this bill 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Maine will pause. It becomes the duty of the
Chair, at this hour, to call up the special order,
which is the unfinished business of yesterday,
being the Army appropriation bill.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I hope that will be post-
poned. We are, I hope, now near the conclusion
of this bill. When the gentleman is heard, I sup-
pose the Senate will be content to vote.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 trust the Army appro-
priation bill will not be postponed. We are at a
period of the session when the appropriation bills
must be disposed of.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I hope we may be per-
mitted to conclude this bill now.
The question being taken, there were nine in
the affirmative.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It seems that we cannot
have a quorum unless there be a call of the yeas
and nays. I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and, being
taken, resulted—yeas 14, nays 23; as follows:
YEAS —Messrs. Bipler, Bright, Crittenden, Douglas,
Hemphill, Johnson of Arkansas, Lane, Latham, Polk Pow-
ell. Rico, Sebastian, Thomson, and Wilkinson—14.
XAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Hakei, Bragg,Chandler, Clark,
Collamer, Dixon, Doohttlc, Durkee. Fcssenden, Fitell,
Foot, Foster, Green. Grimes, Hale, King, Morrill, Pearce,
Simmons, Sumner, Ten Kyck, andTiumbull—23.
So the motion was not agreed to.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr, LATHAM asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
574) granting public lands to the State of Califor-
nia, m trust for the uses and purposes therein
mentioned; which was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. HEMPHILL asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
573) for the relief of Mary Berault, administra-
trix-, &c., of the late Joseph Wheaton, of Pvhode
Island; which was read twice by its title, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN.
On motion of Mr. HEMPHILL, it was
Ordered, That Samuel Perry have Ifave to withdraw his
petition and papets.
AVES ISLANDS.
Mr. ANTHONY submitted the following order;
which was referred to the Committee on Printing:
Ordered, That twenty-five hundred additional copies of
the iiiQbS'd«u of the PieMuent of thr United States, commu-
nicating, in compliance with resolutions of the Senate of
