286
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 9,
Mr. TRUMBULL. Iappeal from the decision
of the Chair, that this question is to be decided
without debate. The very question that I want
to present is, that it is not a case that is to be
decided without debate; because that rule has
nothing to do with it.
. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair, then,
will state the position of the question to the Sen-
atei The Chair decides that this is not a debata-
ble question when the reading of the paper is
objected to. The Senator from Illinois says the
decision of the Chair is not in conformity with
the rule, and appeals from the decision of the
Chair. The question now is: whether the opin-
ion of the Chair shall stand as the judgment of
the Senate ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is debatable.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That question
is debatable.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Very well.
Mr. CAMERON. Mr. President, you put me
down a moment ago; but as you have decided
that this is a debatable question, I may say a
word, I suppose. I desire to say only, that I
think we are giving more importance to this ques-
tion than it deserves. The custom here has been
to let.Senators read what they thought proper,
and when they did not feel able from any cause
to read themselves, to ask other Senators to do
it, or to send the documents up to the desk, and
let them be read by the Clerk. This is one of
those every day occurrences which has never been
objected to before. I regret very much that my
friend, the Senator from New York, has made
the objection; but he has a right to do so, and I
have no right to say anything against it. I shall
vote for the reading of the paper, and shall vote
for sustaining the Chair in his decision. I shall
be willing to leave the Senate whenever these little
courtesies, which make our position here so pleas-
ant, are dispensed with. I do not want to be here
when a gentleman shall not have the privilege of
having read for him that which he has not the
physical power to read himself.
Mr. BIGLER. I have a single word to say
on this subject. This is no question of courtesy.
It is the clearest right a Senator can enjoy on this
floor. I never knew it disputed before. Now,
sir, the line of distinction between the document
presented here and the rule is perfect and clear.
If the Senator from Mississippi presented a docu-
ment which was intended to be part of the files of
the Senate, and presented for the consideration of
the Senate, the rule which has been read would
apply to the reading of that document. But the
Senator from Mississippi took the floor to make
remarks on the message of the President of the
United States. In the course of those remarks,
he calls for the reading of a document which he
had a right to read himself. The Senator from
Mississippi had a perfect right to read the paper,
or, by universal courtesy, to ask the Clerk to read
it lor him, and send it to the Clerk to be read. I
therefore hold, that it is not a paper to which the
rule would apply under any circumstances, no
more than it would apply to a part of the remarks
of the Senator from Mississippi if he had written
them in manuscript, and sent that manuscript to
the Clerk to be read, in consequence of inability
to do it himself, or from any other cause. I trust
the Senator from Illinois will not further compli-
cate this question by appealing from the decision
of the Chair, but hope both motions will be with-
drawn, and the Senator from Mississippi allowed
tn pioceed.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr. President, I desire
to add a word to what has been said with refer-
ence to this matter. I shall vote in accordance
with the appeal taken by the Senator from Illinois
from the decision of the Chair. My object is
simply to settle the question as one of order, to
prevent it being raised again. The rule which
was read, and under which the Chair was acting,
in my judgment, has reference to papers properly
before the Senate, and on the files in a proper way,
and introduced in the course of business, or a part
of the papers of the Clerk'stable. That rule has
reference to these, and nothing more; but the
Chair, in its haste as I suppose, applied the rule
to a mere paper sent up by a Senator addressing
the Chair in the course of debate, with a request
that the Clerk should read it. I think the rule
does not apply to that case; I think the Chair
was m error; and, therefore, as I feel bound to
vote upon that matter, as the question has been
raised, according to my convictions, I shall vote
not to sustain the Chair in its ruling.
But, sir, I wish to add, that I consider this as
an ordinary occurrence. The Senator from Mis-
sissippi was addressing the Chair. He sent a
paper to the Clerk's desk to be read for him, which,
as has been well observed, he could have read
himself, any of his associates could have read, or
the Clerk could have read if there was no objec-
tion. I suppose there is no right to call upon the
Clerk to read any portion of our speeches, orany
papers that we may choose to introduce in the
course of making those speeches, and I suppose
that the material which is sent to be read must be
offered on the personal responsibility—the re-
sponsibility of character for courtesy and for
proper treatment of the Senate—of the member
who offers it. The Senator from Mississippi sent
a paper to be read. It is an ordinary occurrence;
it is a request to relieve him simply. Now, sir,
I believe, in my experience in the Senate, there
never has been the slightest objection in the world
to reading a paper, orany number of papers, un-
less it was perceived that it was used as an abuse
by way of protracting time, or something of that
description. Therefore, for myself, although I am
happy to sustain the objections ordinarily raised
by my friend from New York. I do not see at
present any reason in the world why the objection
should be made, or why the ordinary courtesy
extended to every one should, in advance, be re-
fused to the Senator from Mississippi with regard
to this reading; and if it comes to that, and a vote
is taken, I shall vote that the Clerk read the pa-
per, because nobody can suspect that the Senator
from Mississippi had any design other than that
of relieving himself with reference to the reading,
which is common to us all. But, sir, I cannot
vote to sustain the decision of the Chair, for I
believe it is wrong.
Mr. BRIGHT. Mr. President, the decision
of the Chair is correct; it is in conformity with
the rules and past precedents of the body. This
is the first time I have heard a distinction taken
between a paper on the files of the Senate, and a
paper presented by a Senator. I have a perfect
right to take any paper off my table, in the course
of any remarks I see proper to make, and ask the
Secretary to read it. Then it is the privilege of
any Senator to object to its being read; and there-
upon it is the duty of the Presiding Officer, under
the rules, to submit the question whether it shall
be read, to the Senate; and that question is to be
decided without debate. We have the previous
question practically in two instances in the few
rules we have in this body. One is a motion to
lay on the table; that cuts off all debate. Another
is the question whether a paper shall be read.
That is not debatable, and there is no appeal
from the decision of the Chair deciding affirma-
tively that it shall be read.
Mr. BIGLER. Will the Senator from Indiana
allow me now, at this point, to ask a question?
The Senator from Mississippi was addressing the
Senates and in the course of his remarks it was
necessary, as he thought, that he should read, or
have read, this communication from the commis-
sioners of South Carolina to the President. He
preferred to ask that it be read by the Clerk.
Now, sir, does the Senator from Indiana pretend
to say that a Senator, in the course of debate, has
ever been denied to have a paper read, as either
part of his argument, or as presenting a case, or
as necessarily connected with it? Now, suppose
the Senate deny the reading of the paper, will the
Senator from Indiana say that the Senator from
Mississippi has not the right to read it himself?
Then it will be read to the Senate ^he makes it a
part of his argument; and, therefore, I have con-
tended that this is not the reading, nor the kind
of paper, to which the rule refers at all. It is
not offered to be filed in the Senate, and be con-
sidered by the Senate; but it is offered in pre-
cisely the same character that the Senator might
offer part of a manuscript speech, which he did
not feel able to read. That is the distinction
which I make, and I cannot conceive how we
could adopt a rule here by which a Senator would
be excluded from reading extracts from author-
ities, or even from newspapers, because it might
be the pleasure of the majority not to hear them.
It would only result in this, that you would tyr-
annize over the Senator, and suppress his views
and his argument; or it would simply amount to
requiring the Senator to read the paper himself,
instead of having it read at the desk. That is all
there is in the question.
Mr. BRIGH1'. I repeat, I never have heard
before an objection made to the reading of a paper,
whether presented by a Senator or taken from
the files. Itis a distinction, in my judgment, with-
out a difference. We all know what this paper
is. I suppose the object of the Senator from Mis-
sissippi was to make it a part of our proceedings
to-day. If the Senate should object to reading
the paper, the Senator from Mississippi would
have a right to read it as a part of his argument.
But, sir, all this debate is out of order. The Sen-
ate have ordered the yeas and nays on the ques-
tion whether the paper shall be read. If the ma-
jority of the Senate are in favor of reading it, that
is to be determined by taking the vote, it is the
only way to' determine it.
Mr. KING. The Senator from Mississippi, in
a course of remarks condemning the President for
not having received or treated these commission-
ers or gentleman from South Carolina with more
consideration, stated that a certain paper of theirs
had not been communicated by him to the Sen-
ate, and proposed to send it up and have it read.
The Chair, regarding it as a paper presented to
the Senate, made his decision; which, under those
circumstances, would be a correct decision beyond
all question. That was the mode in which the
Senator from Mississippi presented it. Upon
that presentation,the Chairdecided it. I objected
to its reception by the Senate, as I would, to the
reception of any other paper which 1 considered
an improper one to be presented to the Senate.
We have rules in relation to the reception of
petitions.
The argument which is now made for the read-
ing of this paper is placed upon a very different
footing. It is that the Senator from Mississippi
is to read this or make it a part of his speech,
which is a different thing from the presentation of
a paper to the Senate; but I think the Chair was
correct in its decision, upon the ground that it was
a paper presented to the Senate, and as such, to
be received by the Senate and read as a part of its
papers. Upon the other ground—therightof the
Senator to read any paper as a part of his speech—
there never was any question under our rules.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Now, Mr. President, it is '
manifest that this action has taken place under a
misapprehension. I concur entirely with what
the Senator from Pennsylvania [Mr. Bigler]
says. Itis not in the power of a majority of this
Senate, unless they are going to choke down the
freedom of speech here, to deny me the right to
read an extract when 1 am addressing the Senate,
unless there is something in the character of the
extract that it is improper to read in the Senate.
It would have to be put upon that ground. Here
we are about to take a vote, as I understand,
whether a Senator has a right to make such a
speech as he pleases. It is upon that ground that
I object to the decision of the Chair.
Mr. KING. The Senator from Illinois will
allow me. That is not the ground, as I under-
stand it, on which the decision is based. It is,
that this is a paper presented to the Senate to sup-
ply an ojnission in the President's message.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Well, Mr. President, I do
not understand it in that way.
Mr. KING. If it is a part of the Senator's
speech, he has undoubtedly a right to say any-
thing he pleases about it; and I have no objection
to it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then, I think, the better
way to get rid of the matter is for me to withdraw
the appeal, and the Senator from New York las
objection, and let the Senator from Mississippi
read what he pleases.
Mr. KING. If it is made a part of the Sena-
tor's speech, that is another matter; but that is
not the view of the Chair, nor was it mine.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I understand the Chair
to decide that it was a part of the speech of the
Senator from Mississippi. May I inquire of the
Chair if he did not decide that this was offered as
a part of the speech of that Senator?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair did
not decide that. He decided that it was a paper
falling within thp rules; and if its reading was
objected to, the Senate had to determine the ques-
tion without debate.
