THE CON-GRESSI0JML GLOBE.
February 2T,
the 3.7th and 38th February, 1858, correspondence relative
"to the Aves Islands, be.priiited for the use of the Senate.
DISTRICT INSANE ASYLUM. .
Mr. CLARK. The Committee on the District
of Columbia, to whom was referred the bill (H.
R. No-. 999) to amend an act supplementary to
an act approved March 3, 1855, " to organize an
institution for the insane of the Army and Navy
and of the District of Columbia, in the said Dis-
trict, "approved February 7,1857, have instructed
me to report it back without amendment, and rec-
ommend its passage. I will ask, as it will lead to
no debate, to have it passed at this time, as the
shortest method of disposing of it. It simply re-
lates to the mode of admitting the indigentinsane,
and I think saves a little expense to the Govern-
ment.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill. It provides that as a substitute for
the second section of the supplementary act of
1855, which is to be repealed, the Secretary of
the Interior shall have power to grant his order
for the admission into the Government hospital
for the insane, of any insane person not charged
with a breach of the peace, upon the certificate of
any judge of the circuit or criminal court for the
District of Columbia, or of any justice of the
peace of the District, stating; that two respectable
physicians, resident of the District, appeared be-
fore the judge or justice, and certified under oath
and under their hands that they knew the person
alleged to be insane, and that, from personal ex-
amination, they believed that person to be insane,
and a fit subject for treatment m the hospital, and
that the person was a resident of the District at
the time of being seized with the mental disorder
undejr which he or she then labored; also stating
that two respectable householders, residents of
the District, certified under oath that they knew
the person alleged to be insane to be unable to
support himself or herself and family under the
visitation of insanity, and to pay his or her board
and other expenses in the hospital; and the cer-
tificate under oath of such physicians and of such
householders is to accompany the certificate of
the judge or justice; and upon an application re-
questing that such order may be issued, made in
writing within five days after the date of the affi-
davits before prescribed, by a member of the
board of visitors of the hospital, upon an inspec-
tion of those affidavits and certificate. It will be
the duty of the visitor to withhold his application
if he, has reason to doubt the indigence of the
party in whose behalf the application is desired,
till such doubt is removed by testimony satisfac-
tory to the visitor. If it shall appear in the case
of any insane person whose insanity commenced
while a resident of the District of Columbia, that
he or she is able to defray a portion but not the
whole of the expenses of support and treatment
in the hospital, the board of visitors is author-
ized to inquire into the facts of the case, and to
require that there shall be paid to the superintend-
ent from the income, property, or estate of the
insane person, such portion of his expenses in the
hospital as a majority of the board shall determ-
ine to be just and reasonable under all the cir-
cumstances.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
ELIZABETH M. PLYMPTON.
Mr. POWELL. The Committee on Pensions,
to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No. 923)
for the relief of Elizabeth M. Plympton, have in-
structed me to report it, with an amendment. 1
ask for the present consideration of the bill.
Mr. SEWARD. That bill proposes to give a
pension of fifty dollars a month. The committee
have recommended to allow the pension, but to
cut it down two and a half dollars a month. The
amendment may jeopard the passage of the bill;
and, as our committee agree that the bill is right
in principle, I hope that we may overlook the dis-
crepancy as to the sum, and pass the bill as it
came from the House of Representatives. I hope
the amendment will be disagreed to.
Mr. POWELL. The House bill grants a pen-
sion of fifty dollars. The committee instructed
me to report it, with an amendment granting her
a pension of §47 50. The committee acted upon
the principle tiiat has been established; not to
allow more than half pay. I really concur, and
did in committee, in the views expressed by the
Senator from New York, that the bill ought to
pass as it is. This is a very meritorious case.
This pension is proposed to be granted to a very
poor and very infirm old lady, who, perhaps, will
not live more than two or three years. If this
amendment be adopted, it will send the bill back
to the House of Representatives, and perhaps it
will be lost. 1 therefore agree with the Senator
from New York, in opinion that the bill should
pass as it came from the other House.
Mr. GRIMES. I know how exceedingly un-
gracious it is to oppose a pension bill. I do not
propose to oppose this, but merely to state to the
Senate the condition of the law on the subject of
pensions, and what has been the practice of the
Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Fitch in
the Chair.) The Senator from Iowa will permit
the Chair to remark, that the question is on giv-
ing unanimous consent for the present considera-
tion of the bill.
Mr. GRIMES. It has been the principle here-
tofore to grant to the widows of deceased officers
one half the regular pay of their husbands at the
time of the decease. Up to this time, wo have
granted to the widows of colonels half the pay
of their husbands, with the exception of two or
three extreme cases, which were passed I believe
over the head of the Committee on Pensions by
the Senate, and by the House of Representatives.
We have granted to the widows of colonels (for
Mr. Plympton was a colonel, and did not hold a
higher grade in the Army) thirty dollars a month;
being one half of the pay proper of a colonel.
Mr. POWELL. Allow me to suggest that to
allow half the pay of a colonel at the time Colonel
Plympton died, would give this lady $47 50 a
month; and hence the committee instructed me
to report the amendment.
Mr. GRIMES. Wo have now on the pension
rolls I do Hot know how many widows of col-
onels, all of whom draw thirty dollars a month,
being the half pay of a colonel under the old pay
bill at the time their husbands died. Three or four
years ago, the pay of the officers of the Army was
raised. Now, all the widows of the officers who
have since died come in and claim that the same
rule shall be observed, and that their pensions
shall bo £47 50 a month, being one half the pay
that their Ifusbands drew at the time of their de-
cease. Then following on, we come to the other
widows of the officers of the Army who were
drawing pensions under the old law who are now
receiving thirty dollars a month, and they ask
that their pay shall be raised up to §47 50; and
the Senator from Kentucky, [Mr. Crittenden,]
I believe, has a bill in behalf of the widow of a
colonel in the Army, a very gallantand meritofious
officer who was killed at the battle of Buena Vista.
She has for several years been drawing from the
Government thirty dollars a month, and as a con-
sequence of the adoption of this proposition of
§47 50 for Mrs. Plympton, he will ask, as a mat-
ter of course, that we shall grant to Mrs. McKee,
the widow to whom I allude, the same amount
that we grant to Mrs. Plympton.
I think the right way is to bring this pension
down to the amount that has heretofore been
granted,and instead ofgranting$47 50, theamount
of one half the present pay of a colonel, we should
continue to grant thirty dollars a month and no
more. Hence, I disagreee with the report of the
Committee on Pensions. That is the condition of
things, and the Senate can see what is to be the
consequence if we adopt this proposition.- We
shall have to go back and increase the pension of
every widow of every officer in the Army who has
been drawing a pension under the old law.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If this bill is to be voted
on, I do not know that I have any objection to
the question being taken; but if we are to have a
long debate on this matter of $2 50, we had bet-
ter proceed to the regular business. I move that
this bill be laid aside, and that we take up the
Army appropriation bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Fitch in
the chair.) Does the Senator object to the present
consideration of this bill?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Yes, sir.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair is
not awaie that a single objection will nowlay the
bill aside
move to, lay the bill
Mr. FESSENDEN.
aside.
Mr. POWELL. We are willing to take the
question.
Mr. GRIMES. How does the question stand?
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendments of the Committee on Pen-
sions.
Mr. GRIMES. I move to amend that by re-
ducing the amount to thirty dollars a month,
which is the pension that the widows of all offi-
cers of this grade have received.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion is
to amend the amendment offered by the Commit-
tee on Pensions. By theamendmentto the amend-
ment, the pension will be thirty dollars a month.
Mr. POWELL. I hope that will not be done.
Mr. GRIMES. I ask for the yeas and nays.
I want to know whether this principle is to run
through the whole Army ?
Mr. POLK. I hope the gentlemen who have
charge of this Army bill will interpose here. I
have been trying myself to get a private bill taken
up; but when the hour for the regular order has
come, I have forborne. Let us have equality and
justice in these matters, because if we are to take
up one private bill, have it discussed, and amend-
ment to amendment offered to it, and then the
yeas and nays taken, I do not see why others
should not stand on an equal footing.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I gave way with the un-
derstanding that these things would occasion no
debate; and when they do lead to debate, gentle-
men ought not to insist on keeping them here. I
therefore renew my motion that this bill be laid
aside, and the Army bill be taken up.
The question being taken, there were, on a
division—ayes 20 noes 8; no quorum voting.
Several Senators. Let us have the yeas and
nays.
Mr. SEWARD. While we are taking the
yeas and nays, we can dispose of this bill. We
are ready for the question. I appeal to the hon-
orable Senator 
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think it is quite as im-
portant to the country to finish the Army appro-
priation, as this twopenny pension bill. It was
brought up with the understanding that if it oc-
casioned debate it would not interfere with the
regular order; and I insist oil the understanding.
Mr. POWELL. Lotus take a vote.
Mr. LANE. It is very manifest that there is
no quorum here; and I think the Senate had better
adjourn. I move that the Senate adjourn.
Mr, FESSENDEN. I call for another di-
vision.
Mr. LANE. I insiston my motion to adjourn.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. On that, I call for the
yeas and nays.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Oh, no. That will not
be agreed to.
The motion to adjourn was not agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES. Now, I call for the yeas and
nays on the question of laying this bill aside, and
proceeding with the Army appropriation bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 30, nays 9; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Baker, Bieler, Bingham, Biagg, Bright,
Cameron, Chandler, Clark, "CoIIamer, Dixon, Doolutle,
Durkee, Fessenden, Foot, Foster, Grimes, Gwin, Harlan,
Hemphill, Hunter, Johnson of Arkansas, Morrill, Pearce,
Polk, Simmons, Sumner, Ten Eyck. Trumbull, Wade, and
Wilson—30. ' '
NAYS—Messrs. Clingman, Douglas, Johnson of Ten-
nessee, King, Lane, Powell, Sebastian, Seward, and Wil-
kinson—9.
So the motion of Mr. Fessenden was agreed to.
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Army ap-
propriation bill is now before the Senate; and the
question is on concurring in the amendments made
as in Committee of the Whole. Shall the question
be put on the amendments in the ag-sregate or
separately ?
Mr. POWELL. Is it in order to move to post-
pone this bill and take up another?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
believes it is in order.
Mr. POWELL. I move to postpone the Army
bill for the purpose of taking up the resolutions
to amend the Constitution proposed by my col-
league. Forseveial weeks Senators have declined
to make an effort to call up the propositions of
my colleague, for the reason that certain peace
commissioners were in session in this capital, con-
