1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. KING. Certainly; whether it is a paper
of the Senate or not. That is the question.
Mr. WIGFALL. I wish to add a word, which
I hope will be oil on the waters. I like harmony
and peace. There seems, especially on this side
of the Chamber, to be some little feeling at what
is called the most extraordinary course of the
Senator from New York. Now, sir, these are
extraordinary times in which we live; and we are
acting under extraordinary circumstances. I ap-
prehend that before this time never was there such
an Administration, nor did such an Administration
ever intrust the keeping of its honor to such a
party. The Senator from New York seems es-
pecially apprehensive that this paper will be read;
and by way of inducing us not to read it, he al-
ludes to Benedict Arnold and Aaron Burr. Neither
of these distinguished individuals, I believe, re-
sided on our side of the creek. Aaron Burr, if
I correctly recollect his biography, was, if not a
native, certainly an inhabitant and a citizen of
New York. Benedict Arnold committed the act
of treason also in that State. When treason at-
taches-to the name of Robert Barnwell, it will be
that sort of treason which was shown by the
armed barons at Runnymede; that kind of treason
that exhibited itself in England in 1688; that sort
of treason that showed its head in South Caro-
lina in 1776. Trusting, sir, that these few remarks
may produce the effect which they are intended—
may produce peace and harmony and good feeling
on both sides of the Chamber—[laughter]—I am
ready to vote.
Mr. COLLAMER. Mr. President, I entertain
the opinion thata misapprehension still exists be-
tween the Chair and the members of this body,
in relation to the question before us. I understand
that if this is to be considered a call for the read-
ing of a paper within the rule, then, and in that
case, the Chair rightly decided, when objection
was made, to leave the question to the Senate. If,
however, the reading of it was called for, not as
a paper presented to the Senate to be referred to
a committee, and to constitute a part of the papers
and muniments of the Senate, but merely a part
of the remarks of the gentleman, then and in that
case, I take it, it does not fall within this rule at all.
I understand the Chair to say he has regarded
this as a call for the reading of a paper within the
rules. Now I take it that a call for the reading
of a paper within the rules isa-call for some paper
that we have, something that is in the course of
our proceedings, or it is a call for the reading of
a paper on which some action is to be taken by
the Senate,by referring it to a committee, or doing
something with the paper. Now, sir, I under-
stand that this paper is not presented with either
of these views; and in order to settle that ques-
tion, I desire to know from the gentleman from
Mississippi whether he asks for its reading, or
sends the paper to the desk to be read, with any
view to its constituting any part of the muniments
and papers of this body, or simply as part of his
remarks. I wish him to determine that himself.
Mr. DAVIS. When I sent the paper to the
Secretary's desk to be read, it was certainly as a
part of my remarks; but the Senate, I suppose,
considering it too valuable to be appropriated by
one person, upon the objection of the Senator from
New York have taken it to themselves. Now, I
am perfectly willing that the Senate shall decide,
as they would upon their own paper. If they do
not keep it, it will be mine again. If they do keep
it, I am content.
Mr. COLLAMER. I wish to understand the
gentleman aright. H presented this paper is the
first place, not as a paper for the action of the
Senate at all, but merely a paper to be read in con-
tinuance of the remarks he was making.
Mr. DAVIS. Just as if I was reading it my-
self; and, consequently, the very great surprise
which I felt at anyone making an objection; and
hence the offer of my friends around me to read
it for me.
Mr. COLLAMER. Then I understand that
the gentleman merely offered it as a part of his
remarks. I understand the Senator from Netf
York objected to that as a paper presented to
constitute a part of the papers of the body. That
was the ground of his objection. Then his ob-
jection was grounded on an utter mistake, for the
paper was not presented with any such view; its
reading was not called for as a paper belonging
to the Senate, or ever to belong to the Senate at
all. His objection was founded on the ground
that it was presented to be a part of the proceed-
ings of the Senate, on which action was to be
taken. This is an entire misapprehension, so it
appears now; and that being so, I desire to ask
the Chair whether he will still regard it as being
a paper coming within the rule, instead of being
a paper to be read as a part of the remarks of the
Senator from Mississippi, as he says he wished
it to be ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will state to the Senate that he regards it as com-
petent for the Senator from Mississippi to make
it a part of his speech if he sees proper. If, in-
stead of doing that, he proposes to send the paper
to the-Clerk's' table and have it read, he puts it
in possession of the Senate; and it is for the Sen-
ate to determine, and without debate, whether it
shall be read or not.
Mr. COLLAMER. I understand the gentle-
man now to say that he did not send it there with
any such view.
Mr. DAVIS. I did not send it there with that
view; but the Senate has taken charge of it, and
now I want the Senate to dispose of it.
Mr. COLLAMER. It was not sent with any
such view; and therefore the whole proceeding is
a mistake.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I think it is very clear that
when that paper was sent to the Clerk's desk to
be read, it was done, according to universal usage
in the Senate, to constitute simply a part of-the
Senator's remarks. The only point was, whether
the Clerk should he permitted to perform an act
of courtesy by reading it for the Senator, or
whether the Senator should be compelled to read
it himself. I think it was competent for any one
to object to the Clerk's readingit, and compel the
Senator to do his own reading, if the majority of
the body see proper; and there might be cases
where I would resort to that act even of discourt-
esy; but such'a case would only be where a Sen-
ator was speaking against time for the purpose of
preventing a vote, and sent up a book—a whole
volume—for the Clerk to read, to keep him a day
or two in reading it, to defeat the object of the
Senate. Where a Senator sends a paper to be
read to relieve himself, I think it is a very great
discourtesy to interpose an objection; and for that
reason I shall give no vote that would seem to
imply such a discourtesy as that to the Senator
from Mississippi. I would be willing to deny it
if it was used for the purpose of defeating the ac-
tion of the Senate and worrying us out by requir-
ing long books or journals to read not pertinent
to the matter before the Senate. I hope that the
Senator will be permitted to go on with his re-
marks. He offered, when objection was made,
to take the paper back and read it himself; and
if the other side had permitted him to do so, sub-
mitting to the discourtesy that it implied, we
should have gone on and been through with the
subject long ago.
Mr. KING. I understood the Senator from
Mississippi to present this paper, as one which
the President had omitted or refused to send to
the Senate. I approved of the President's act in
declining to send this paper to the Senate. I un-
derstood the Senator from Mississippi to present
the paper to the Senate to supply a defect in the
communication from the President to the Senate.
Mr. DAVIS. If the Senator will allow me, 1
stated to the Senate that it was an authenticated
copy.
Mr. KING. Certainly; and the Senator pre-
sented it to the Senate. I objected to its recep-
tion by the Senate. I have not objected, neither
docs any person propose to object, to the freedom
of debate here—to any Senator making such a
speech as he chooses. I listened to one the other
day which I thought was very unsuited to the
Senate Chamber of the United States, but without
raising a word of objection to it. I objected to
the reception of this paper because I regarded its
reception by the Senate here as a rebuke to the
President; and the Chair must have so tfnderstood
it, or he never would have made the decision he
has made, that it was a question for the Senate to
decide. The right of a Senator to speak here is
a right that nobody questions; but the right to
present a paper to the Senate, and to have it read
to the Senate, without saying whether it is a part
of his speech or not, is another matter. The ques-
tion of courtesy of having a paper, which is a part
of his own speech, read'by another, is a different
question. But this paper is presented to theSen-
ate; and, as I understand, that position is aefhered
to. I have no objection to voting upon it. I .have
no disposition to debate it. I have no doubt that
this whole question is one that everybody can; un-
derstand and comprehend. I am unwilling in any
manner to imply that I disapprove of the act of tlie
President in omitting to make this a part of his
communication.
. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is: " Shall the decision of the Chair stand as the
judgment of the Senate?"
Mr. KING. I understand the appeal to be
withdrawn.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Then the ques-
tion is 
Mr. TRUMBULL. No, sir; if the question
is to be persisted in, I must insist that the decis-
ion of the Chair is incorrect. The rule has no
application to a case of this kind. It is a prece-
dent which I, for orie, cannot permit to have set
here, that a majority of this body can deprive me
of the right to read a paper; and I think that is
the effect of it. I ask for the yeas and nays on
the appeal.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is: " Shall the decision of the Chair stand as the
judgment of the Senate ?"
Mr. KING. My vote will be governed by the
answer of the Chair to an inquiry which he will
indulge me a moment in putting. I desire to know
of the Chair whether he understood this paper to
be one presented to the Senate by the Senator
from Mississippi?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair un-
derstood the Senator from Mississippi, in the first
instance, as presenting it to be read-as a part of
his argument; but, after objection was made, then
he presented it as part of the proceedings of thei
Senate. That is what the Cl#iir understands.
Mr. KING. Then it is a paper to be received
by the Senate and acted om ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. So the Chair
understands..
Mr. KING. Then I am with the Chair.
Mr. GWIN. Before the yeas and nays are
taken, I wish to state that there is a special order
for-two o'clock to-day; but, in order not to inter-
rupt the Senator from Mississippi, when he shall
be permitted to go on with his speech, I move
that the Pacific railroad bill be made the special
order for one o'clock to-morrow.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
suppose that to be the consent of the Senate by
common understanding, unless objection be nrade.
Mr. POLK. I will state to the Senator from
California that I had intended, after the close of
the remarks of the Senator from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Wilson,] who had the floor, aslunderstood,
for one o'clock to-day, to move to postpone the
subject on which he had the floor until to-morrow
at one o'clock, for the purpose of addressing the
Senate upon it.
Mr. GWIN. If my motion interferes with the
Senator, I shall be prepared to agree to a further
postponement.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
understand the motion of the Senator from Cali-
fornia to be agreed to, unless objection be made.
The question is: " Shall the decision of the Chair
stand as the judgment of the Senate?" on which
the yeas and nays have been ordered.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 31, nays 13; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Benjamin, ISiaL'L'. Bright, Brown, Clay,
Clingman, Davis, Douglas, Fitch, Green, Gwin, Hemphill,
Hunter, Iverson, Kennedy, Latham, Mallory, Mason, Nich-
olson, Pearee, Polk, Powell, Pugh,Itiee, Saulsbury, Sebas-
tian, Seward, Slidell, Toombs, Wigfali, and Yulee—31.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Bakei, Bigler, Bingham,
Chandler, Clark, Dixon, Doolittle, Durkee, Fessenden,
Foster, Grimes, Hale, Sumner, Ten Eyck,Trumbull, Wade,
Wilkinson, and Wilson—19.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now is on the reading of the paper, on which the
yeas and nays have been ordered, an$ the Secre-
tary will call the roll.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. BAKER (when his i/ame was called) said:
Is the question on granting leave to read the
paper ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Yes, sir.
