1881.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
12&1
veiled at the call of the State of Virginia. I am
confident now that that commission,or peace con-
gress, or conference, or whatever you may call it,
will not accomplish anything. Indeed, certain
facts have fallen under my notice, that cause me
to believe tluit it has been the fixed purpose of
ccrlain Republicans that that conference should
notaccomplish anything. I believe, sir, that cer-
tain commissioners from States of this Union have
been brought into thit conference for the purpose
of preventing them from agreeing on anything. 1
have thought that for some time past. A friend
sent to me yesterday the Detroit Free Press, con-
taining two letters from the distinguished Senators
ftom the State of Michigan to their Governor,
which, I think, clearly and fully establish the iact
that the Republicans, a portion of them at least,
instead of sending commissioners to that confer-
ence with a view to inaugurate something that
would compromise the difficulties by which we
are surrounded, and save this country front ruin,
have absolutely been engaged in the work ofsend-
ing delegates there to prevent that commission
from doing anything. I send this paper to the
desk, and ask the Secretary to read these letters.
The Secretary read as follows:
Washington, February 15, 1861.
Dear Sir: When Virginia proposed a convention in
Washington, in reference to the disturbed condition of (lie
countrj, I regarded it as anothet effort to debauch the pub-
lic mind, and a step towards obtaining that conccs-jon
which the impel ious slave powei bo indolent!)' demands,
i have no doubt at present hut that was the design I was
therefore pleaded that the Legislature of Michigan was not
disposed to putheiselfin a position to be controlled by &uch
influences.
The convention has met here, and within a few days the
aspect of things has mrtteiialiy changed. Every fiee !>fate}
i think, except Michigan and Wi.-oonsin. is implemented;
and we have been alined by fnends upon whom we can
rely, that it those two Slates should send delegation*, of
true, unllmclung men, theie would piobably lie a uwjoiity
in favor of the Constitution it is who would n down j
rebellion by the enfoicement of laws. The-,e fnends have j
urged u  to recommend the appointment ot delegates tiom
our Suite; and, in compliance with their request, Mr.
Chandler and myself telegraphed to you last ni^ht. It
cannot be doubted that the recommendation* of thi< con-
vention will have a very consodeiable influence upon the •
puDlic mind, and upon the action or Congress. I
I have a great disinclination to any interieiencc with (
what should properly be Milmiitted to tiie wisdom and dis-
cretion ot the Legi^atuie, m which I place great reliance ;
but I hope I shall be pardoned lor suggesting that u may be
justifiable and proper, by any honorable mean*, to avert the
lasting disgrace winch will attach to a tiee people who, ^
by the peaceful exercise of the ballot, have ju^t ielea-ed .
themselves from the tyianny of siavei v, if they bhould now j
succumb to treasonable thieats. and again submit to a de-
grading thralldom. If it should be deemed proper 10 send
delegates, 1 think, if they could be here by the 20th, it
would be m time.
i have the honor, with much respect, to be truly vour«,
K. S. BINGHAM.
To His Excellency Governor Blair.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I submit whether it is in >
order to go mto a discussion on this motion. If j
so, I suppose tins must be regarded as part of the |
soeech ^
The'PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair |
understood the discussion to be in order. It was |
certainly not objected to at the time the Senator
commenced.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is not too late to raise
the point.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion is
to lay aside one bill and take up other business;
and the Chair understood the Senator from Ken-
tucky to be giving his reasons why he wished
that to be done.
Mr FESSENDEN. If it is in order, of course
1 cannot object to it; but I raise that question.
The PR.ESID1.NG OFFICER. The Senator
from Maine raises the question whether this de-
bate is in order.
Mr. POWELL. There was 110 objection to
my proceeding, and I suppose I have a right to go
oil. I wish the letters read as part of my speech.
Mr. FESSENDEN". There is 110 objection to
reading" them.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
has decided that the Senator from Kentucky is in
order.
Mr. POWELL. I have not yielded, exceptfor
the purpose of reading these letters.
The PRESIDING" OFFICER. Is an appeal
taken from the decision of the Chair?
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 take no appeal.
The Secretary read as follows:
Washington, February 11, 1861.
My dj.rt Governor: Governor Bingham mid myself
telegraphed you oil Saturday, at th« request of Massachu-
setts and New York, to send delegates to tiie peace or
compromise Congress. Tlitj admit Ilia' we were right and
that they weru wn'iijij th ir no Republican fetate bhould |
hove -enf <Me!ratP«; hat tin >' n!<" he*-' :u)d cannot get away, j
Ohio, Indianafand Rhode Island are caving in, and there j
is danger ot Illinois; and now they beg u*; far God's sake, i
to come to their rt&cue,and>uvethc Republican party from j
rupture. I hope\ou will >end stiff-bucked men or none, j
The whole thniir vva- gotten up a^autet my judgment and
advice, and will end in thin smoke. Still, £ hope as a
mattoi oi'comtc^y to some of our emus; biethren, that you
wil! send the delegates. _
Truly j our [nend, Z. CHANDLER.
Ills Excellency Austin Blair.
P. S. Sonic, of the manufacturing States think tliat a
fit*hr would bp awful "Without a little blood-letung this
Union will not, m my estimation, be worth a rush.
Mr. POWELL. I think it evident from these
letters, that there is, and has been, a fixed pur-
pose in certain quarters, that the peace conference
should do nothing. Indeed, it seems from the
letter of the Senator from Michigan [Mr. Chan-
dler] that, while he opposed any Republican
State going into this conference, yet, as some of
them were there, and Indiana and Illinois and Ohio
and Rhode Island were about to cave in, on the
advice of Massachusetts and New York he asked
Michigan to come in, and relieve them, and save
the Republican party from rupture. Is it possible
that the Republican party is to be saved, even if
the Union be destroyed ? It is very evident that
those " stiff-backed " gentlemen were to be sent
here in order to prevent any compromise being
presented. The object, then, as I stated, on the
part of certain members 011 the other side of the
Chamber, has been to send delegates to the con-
ference for the purpose of preventing any compro-
mise measures being proposed by that body.
They daeire, in the language of these letters, to
save their party from desti action. They say that
if the conference snould agree on anything, it
would have a demoralizing effect upon the people,
and upon the two Houses of Congress. In one
word,"it will have the etfect to make a rupture in
the Republican party, which, in the estimation
of the "Senators, is higher, holier, and better, it
seems, than the Union.
In consequence of this fact being apparent, that
it is not the design or the intention that the peace
conference should do anything, I think we should
not wait for it any longer, but the Senate should
proceed at once to the consideration of the amend-
ments to the Constitution proposed by niy col-
league. I think we had better be engaged in that
work—one that is calculated, if the proposition of
my colleague should pass, in my opinion, to save
the country from further disintegration. I think
we had better be ot that, than be appropriating
money to support an Army that is to be engaged,
it seems, 111 the work of blood-letting. The Sen-
ator from Michigan thinks the frovernment is not
worth a rush, until it shall have drawn a little
blood. I hope my motion will prevail, and that
we shall lay this bill aside and proceed to the
consideration of the measures proposed by my
colk-agu".
Mr. CHANDLER. The Senator from Ken-
, tueky has read what purports to be a short note
! that I sent the other day to the Governor of Mich-
igan. Whether it is a correct copy or not, I can-
not say; I kept no copy of it, nor do I care.
Mr. POWELL. If the Senator will allow me
one word, I will state to the Senate that, when I
received this paper, yesterday 
Mr. CHANDLER. I was about to state that.
Mr. POWELL. I asked both the Senators if
the letters were right. They told me they kept
no copies, but they believed they were substan-
tially so.
Mr. CHANDLER. I was going fo say that.
Now, sir, I desire to answer the Senator from
Kentucky, and to set myself right on this ques-
tion—(my position from the first has been well
knownupon this question, and uponjnost others)
 but, at the earnest solicitation of the.Senator
from Maine, who has charge of this bill, I will
forego the response which I intended to make,
and which I shall make to the Senator from Ken-
tucky, for the present, for the purpose of going
011 and disposing of the Army appropriation bill.
At another day I propose to give my views more
at large upon these coinpiomise measures, that
the Senator from Kentucky suems r-o anxious to
take up at this time. I am as anxious a? he is to
1*0 into thatdiscussron. I am anxious to go into
it. It is a question that ought to be discussed.
It is a question in which the people of Michigan
take a deep interest. They are opposed to^all
compiomisesj they do not believe that.any com-
premise is necessary; nor do I. They are pre-
pared to stand by the Constitution'of the United
States as it is-, to stand by the Government as it is;
ay, sir, to standby it to blood, if necessary.
Mr. POWELL. I ask for the yeas ana nays
on my motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered. '
Mr. MASON. I ask the general permission of
the Senate to give notice that at three o'clock !
shall move to go into executive session; and if it
is not agreed to, I shall then ask that the galleries
may be cleared, for the purpose of disclosing
what I consider ought to be passed on in executive
session.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. If I can ob-
tain the attention of the Senator from Kentucky,
1 wish to make a suggestion. Those resolutions,
as I understood, went over until last Monday at
one o'clock, and were then to be taken up and'
considered. I do not know whether the motion
was made in that way, or whether it was an in-
formal understanding that they should be taken
up last Monday for consideration; but asthe Array-
bill is now under consideration, and the time 1st
growing short, would it not be better to have a
night session, and postpone the subject until seven'
o'clock this evening, and let it be taken up at that
time; and then let this other bill go on to-day.
Those who want to make speeches on those res-
olutions could do it to-night; we should thus save
time and expedite business.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think the Senator from
Virginia has given an additional very good reason
for taking up the Army bill, and going through
with it; and not postponing it for speeches at the
present time.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 17, nays 27; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bavard, Bigler, Brag?, Bright, Clingman,
Douglas, Fitch, Gwin,* Hunter, Johnson ofTennessee, Ken-
nedy , Lane, Latham, Ma>on, Polk, Powell, and Rice—17.
NAYS-Mo^n. Anthony. Baker, Bingham. Cameron,
Chandler. (-iaik,Collamer, Dixon, Doohttle, Durkee, Fes-
fccnden, Foot, Foster,Grimes, Hale, Ilarlan, Kins,Morrill,
Pearce, Sev. ard, Simmons, rimuner, Ten Eyck, Trumbull,
Wade, WilkmstM). and Wilson—27.
So the motion to postpone the Army bill, in
order to take up the resolutions of Mr. Critten-
den, was not agreed to.
PATENT LAWS.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Forney, its Clerk, announced that the
House had concurred in the report of the com-
mittee of conference on the disagreeing votes of
the two Houses on the bill (S. No. 10) in addi-
tion to an act to promote the progress of the use-
ful arts.
Also, that the House further insisted upon its
amendment to the said bill, upon which the com-
mittee of conference were unable 10 agree; asks a
conference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses thereon; and had appointed Mr. Samuel
S. Cox of Ohio, Mr. Augustus Frank of New
York, and Samuel S. Blair of Pennsylvania,
managers on the part of the House.
Mr. BIGLER, from the committee of confer-
ence on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
on the bill (S. No. 10) in addition to an act to
promote "the progress of the useful arts, submit-
ted the following report:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses on the amendments ro the bill (S., No.
1U) in addition to an act to promote the progress of the
useful arts, having met, after a full and tree conference
thereon, acreed to"report, and do report, as follows:
The flou«e lecedes from its fourth amendment, striking
out tiie seventh section ot the biii.
The Senate agiees to the seventh amendment of the
Hou-e with the following amendment, to wit; strikeout
'* twenty" m the second line of said seventh amendment,
•uul m lieu thereof mseit "fifteen." And in same line,
strike out ten." and in lieu thereof insert " fifteen." in
line four of said seventh amendment, strike outu ten, 'and
insert in lieu thcrcot " twenty." .
The Senate iecedes from its non-concurrcnee m the
House amendment striking out lines fourteen and fifteen,
in section ten andalfco from its non-concurrence in the
!Iou*e amendment sinking out the woid '• twelve," and
in -emu" the woid " ten."
The House recedes from its non-concurrence in tne ben-
' ate amendment to the eiahth amendment of the House,
I Mnki'Ji.1 out the wonls •• or an> new :uid original tfeM?J :or
' the pnnting ol woolen. cotton, or other fabrics, or any
new.55 .
The House recede* ftom its non-concurrence in the ben-
atc's amendment to section fourteen, striking out the word
"of," ond inserting, in lieu theienf, the void *larid. 
