tbs emm
GLOBE.
February 27.
, On the point of difference on the sixteenth section the
commiUi-" could hot agree, and recommend the appoint-
ment of another committee of conference on that point.
WILLIAM BIGLEE,
HENRY WILSON,
HENItY M. RICE,
Managers on the start of the Senate.
WILLIAM E. NIBLACK,
C. B. HOARD,
ELLIHU B. WASHBUKNE,
Managers on the part of the House of Representatives.
Mr. BIGLER. I will state that the fourth
amendment of the House, from which the House
recede, was to strike out the seventh section. That
section authorizes the commissioner to appoint an
additional necessary number of examiners, not
exceeding four of each class. It will be remem-
bered that, for years past, the commissioner has
been in the habit of employing clerks competent
to discharge the duties of examiners; and at the
close of each session we have paid those clerks
as though they wer^ examiners. The object of
this section is to overcome that difficulty. The
House, after fully understanding what the import
of the section was, have agreed to recede. The
seventh amendment regulates the fees. There was
a difference of opinion as to the fee on the filing
of an application. The committtee of conference
have fixed it at $15, instead of $20, the amount at
which the Senate bill originally fixed it. The
eighth amendment relates to fees for designs. The
Senate agrees to recede from the fourteenth and
fifteenth lines of that section, because the fees for
designs wer% regulated m another part of the bill.
The ninth amendment relates to fees for copy in
the office. * The Senate had fixed the rate at 12
cents a hundred words; the House named 10 cents;
and we agreed to the amendment. The tenth
amendment relates to designs for patterns. The
House had amended the bill by putting in an en-
tire new section, providing for patents for designs
notonly upon statuary and various patterns, but
upon fabrics. The Senate was unwilling to agree
to so much of the section as related to designs for
patterns, regarding it as too complicated. In that
amendment of the Senate, the House concurs.
The eleventh amendment is merely clerical; strik-
ing out the word " of," and inserting the word
" and."
The twelfth amendment, upon which gthe com-
mittee could not agree, and on which we ask an-
other committee of conference, relates to the exten-
sion of patents. The House inserted a new sec-
tion providing that a patent should not be renewed
where the inventor and his assignees shall have
made $100,000 net profit. The Senate amended the.
section by excluding the assignees. We did that
for the reason that there is nothing in the present
law, and nothing in the bill which would enable
an inventor to get an account rendered from his
assignee. The section, as insisted upon by the
House, in our judgment, is entirely impractica-
ble. The Department does not require tlie as-
signee to render an account. -The inventor, in
making his application, therefore, would be re-
quired to render an account not only as to his own
profits, but the profits of the assignee; and he
would have no power to compel the assignee to
render any account. Therefore, the Senate com-
mittee could not agree with the House; and on
that section we have differed, and asked for an-
other committee of conference. «
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on concurring in the report of the committee of
conference.
The report was concurred in.
Mr. BIGLER. I move that the Senate insist
on its disagreement to the amendment on which
the committee were unable to agree, and ask for
another conference.
The motion was agreed to; so it was
Resolved, That the Senate insist upon its disagreement
to the saul amendment, and a^ree to the further cmifei-
enee asked by the House on the disagreeing votes of the
two Houses thereon.
On motion of Mr. BIGLER, the Vice Presi-
dent was authorized to appoint the committee on
the part of the Senate; and Mr. Docglas, Mr.
Cameron, and Mr. Fitch, were appointed.
TIII5 TARIFF BILL.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Forney, its Clerk, announced that the
House had concurred in the report of the com-
mittee of conference on the disagreeing votes of
the two Houses on the bill (H. R. No. 3S8) to
provide for the payment of outstanding Treasury
notes, to authorize a loan, to regulate and fix the
duties on imports, and for other purposes.
Mr. SIMMONS, from the committee of con-
ference on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
on the bill (H. R. No. 338) to provide for the
payment of outstanding Treasury notes, to au-
thorize a loan, to regulate and fix the duties on
imports, and for other purposes, submitted the
following report:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing votes of
the two Houses on the bill (H. R. No. 338) to provide for
the payment of outstanding Treasury notes, to authorize a
loan, to regulate and fix the duties on imports, and for other
purposes, having met, after full and free conference, have
agreed to recommend to the respective Houses as follows:
That the Senate agree to the amendment of the House
to the Senate's tenth amendment.
* J. F. SIMMONS,
WILLIAM BIGLER,
R. M. T. HUNTER,
Managers on the part of the Senate,
JOHN SHERMAN,
JOHN S. PHELPS,
J. K. MOORHEAD,
Managers on the fart of the House of Representatives.
Mr. SIMMON'S. The amendment of the House
to that section was simply to strike out the duty
on tea and coffee. I move that the Senate concur
in the report of the committee.
The Secretary read the amendment of the House,
to strike out the second clause of the tenth amend-
ment of the Senate, in the following; words:
" Second. On coffee, cent per pound; on tea, when
imported from any port or place beyond the Cape of Good
Hope, 4 cents per pound; when imported fiom any port or
place this side of the Cape of Good Hope, other than in the
country wheie produced, 4 cents per pound, and an addi-
tion thereto of 10 per centum ad valorem: Provided, That
whenever the Treasury notes and bonds of the United States
which have been, or shall be, issued under the authority of
any laws or parte of laws passed between the 4th day of
March, A. D. 1857, and the 4th day of March, A. D. 1861,
shall be redeemed and paid, the President of the United
States is hereby authorized to make proclamation that the
aforesaid articles of tea and coffee may be imported into the
United States exempt and free/rom the specific duties
herein imposed: Provided, That the duties on tea and
coffee herehv imposed shall ccase from and after the 30th
of June, 1863."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on concurring in the report of the committee of
conference.
The report was concurred in.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message further announced that the Speaker
had signed the following enrolled bills; which
thereupon received the signature of the Vice Pres-
ident:
■ A bill (S. No. 366) to provide a temporary gov-
ernment for the Territory of Colorado;
A bill (H. R. No. 714) establishing certain post
routes; and
A bill (H. R. No. 864) making appropriations
for the consular and diplomatic expenses of the
Government for the year ending June 30, 1862.
PIUNTINa OF DOCUMENTS'.
The message further announced that the House
had ordered the printing of the following docu-
ments: ^
A letter from the Postmaster General, commu-
nicating a copy of offers, &c., for carrying the
mails—ordered on the 26th instant.
A letter from the secretary of the Smithsonian
Institution, communicating his annual report—
ordered February 27, 1861, at eleven o'clock and
twenty minutes.
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
bill (H. R. No. 899) making appropriations for
the support of the Army for the yearending June
30, 1862.
Ths PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now is on concurring in the amendments of the
Senate adopted as in committee. The Chair again
asks if the vote of the Senate shall be put on all
the amendments in the aggregate, or separately'
Mr. PEARCE. In the aggregate, excepting,
however, from the mass of amendments, those to
which gentlemen may object.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Senators will
indicate what particular amendments they desire
excepted.
Mr. PEARCE. I wish to have excepted the
amendment offered by the Senator from Oregon,
[Mr. Baker.] It is an amendment appropriating
§50,000 for the protection of emigrants to Oregon.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is a separate
vote demanded oil any other amendment?
Mr. GRIMES. Iexcepttheamendmentwhich
proposes an appropriation of $75,000 for the com-
mencement of a fortification at Sandy Hook.
Mr. LANE. I do not rise to discuss that at
all. I desire to say to the Senator that it is not
to commence a fortification.
Mr. GRIMES. It is not?
Mr. LANE. No, sir; itiis to go on with the
work on a fortification already commenced.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Oh, no.
Mr..LANE. Yes, sir. I will send'for the re-
port; and I will show the Senator that I am right.
Mr. GRIMES'. My exception is based upon
the fact that it is the commencement of a work.
Mr. LANE. The Senator is mistaken.
Mr. GRIMES; Well, I will make the excep-
tion; and if I am mistaken, it can be shown be-
fore the vote is taken.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment indicated by the Senator from Iowa will be
excepted from the general vote. The question is
on agreeing to the other amendments adopted by
the Senate as in Committee of the "Whole, which
have not been excepted.
The amendments were concurred in
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The vote will
now be taken on concurring in the amendment
excepted by the Senator from Iowa, to insert,
after line two hundred and forty-nine, the follow-
ing:
Fort at Sandy Hook, New Jersey, $75,000.
Mr. GRIMES. Mr. President 
Mr. LANE. I have just sent to the commit-
tee-room, and if the Senator will wait a moment,
he will have an opportunity to hear the report.
I desire to show that I am not mistaken in my
statement that a very large amount of work has
been done at that fortification; and that they say,
with a certain appropriation now asked for, guns
could be mounted at tlje fortification.
Mr. PEARCE. I will state that under a mis-
apprehension yesterday, that the Senator was
speaking of the fort at Wiliet's Point, I stated
there had been no commencement of it; that is, at
Wiliet's Point; but there has been a commence-
ment at Sandy Hook, I believe; though I think
it has not progressed very far.
Mr. LANE. It has progressed so far that they
say they can soon mount some guns.
Mr. GRIMES. I reserved this appropriation
under what I suppose is a misapprehension of
facts. It was stated here yesterday that there had
been no commencement made; that no estimate
had been made; and I did not believe this was the
time, although I do not doubt that a fortification
is needed there, and a very extensive one, and a
very expensive one,and, at the proper time, shall
be willing to vote money for the commencement
of it; but 
Mr. LANE. The Senator will allow me to
interrupt him, in order to read from the report of
the chief engineer:
l( Fort at Sandy Hook, New Jersey, in charge of Captain
H, W. Benham.—'The woik executed during the past fiscal
year, comprised the foundations of the north, and half of
the east ftont, (about foitr hundred arid seventy lineal feet,)
and the construction of the scarp-wall and attached piers
to the height of tour courses,or nearly eleven feet from the
bottom of the foundations."
Mr. GRIMES. Is that this fort?
Mr. LANE. Yes, sir.
Mr. GRIMES. Then I withdraw the objec-
tion.
Mr. LANE. I could go on, and show that they
are ready to mount guns, as I have stated.
The amendment was concurred in.
The Secretary read the following amendment;
to insert, as an additional section:
And be it further enacted, That for the protection of emi-
grants on the overland routes, between the Atlantic slope
and the Oregon and Washington frontier, the sum of$50,000
is hereby appropuated, out of any money m the Treasury
not othmvise appropriated, to be expended under the direc-
tion of the Secretary of War, if, in his judgment, the same
may be necessaiy.
Mr. PEARCE. It is very obvious that, though
the sum mentioned in this appropriation is spe-
cific, the purposes to which it is to be applied are
exceedingly vague and indefinite. The money is
to be applied for the protection of emigrants on
the plains over to Oregon; but in what manner to
be expended, to what particular purposes to be
applied r it is just as impossible for the Senate to
