1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ize iiira to raise an additional force. 1 say that
th 13 is a false pretext; it is a deception; it is an
inducement to emigrants to believe that they will
get protection more than they will get from this
appropriation of money; which, I fear, wiil never
benefit them at all.
The Senator from California hit the matter at
one time in his argument right. He looked at it
for a moment just as it ought to be looked at.
He said, if you make an appropriation, and au-
thorize the Secretary of War to employ skillful
men—Jack Hayes, for instance, or any other
good man; and you could find hundreds of them
in Illinois fit for leaders—protection would be
afforded. I admit it; but you do not, by this
amendment, authorize him to employ any such
force; and every Senator knows that he will not
go out of the regular Army unless he is authorized
to do so. If you give him the money, and at the
same time authorize him to raise a force, not
within the Army, he can afford protection; but
without that, the proposition is a humbug; it is
nonsense; it affords no protection.
1 desire, now, to say to the Senator from Ore-
gon that he has no right to say that I am not in
favor of protecting the emigrants. Everybody
who knows me knows that I have never failed to
go out myself, in person, to protect them; and I
have rendered personal service, as I will this
Fear, to protect emigrants on this route whenever
can reach them and afford them protection.
Though I have done it often, and paid dearly for
it, and shed a good deal of blood in that cause, I
have never charged the Government one cent for
it. To say that I would not protect emigrants,
is an assertion that no gentleman has a right to
make. I would protect them; I would appropri-
ate not only this $50,01)0, but I would appropriate
a great deal more; and then I would authorize the
Secretary of War to employ the character of
force that the Senator from California suggested.
Let him do that, and protection will be afforded.
The Senator from Wisconsin has looked at this
question properly. He says that under this bill
as it has been amended, the Secretary of War is
to have charge of Indian affairs, and he already
has charge of the Army. This bill gives all the
money that he believes necessary for the Army;
and he will move it, as in his judgment is right,
to afford protection and to take care of Indian af-
fairs; to keep peace in the country, and to protect
our people in the settlements and en route for Cal-
ifornia, Oregon, and Washington; but an appro-
priation of $50,000 in the form proposed by this
amendment affords no more protection than what
we get without it. Give him §50,000, and author-
ize him at the same time to employ a company
under Jack Hayes, whose duty it shall be to go
out on the road and keep the Indians down, to
travel with the emigrants, and it will be of some
use.
Mr. GWIN. I hope my friend will allow me
to ask him a question.
Mr. LANE. Certainly.
Mr. GWIN. I understand that the Secretary
of War can employ just such a force. That is
my understanding. It is an appropriation that he
can use for the protection of the route, and he may
employ persons temporarily for tiiat purpose.
Mr. LANE. Not at all; lie must have author-
ity to do that.
Mr. GWIN. My idea was that he could use
the sum for that purpose, if he pleased.
Mr. LANE. The Secretary of War never has
employed, and never will and never can employ,
any force not authorized by law. I want to make
this appropriation useful. I want to do that which
we hold out the idea we mean to do. To do that,
let us authorize the Secretary of War to apply the
appropriation to the employment of a force out-
side of the Army, and in addition to the regular
Army. Then you will do a real service to the
emigrants, and afford protection to some extent.
The whole amount is too small to do much, and
especially when you divide it; for, mark me, 1 say
now, that there are no depredations ever com-
mitted on the main emigrant route this side of the
forks, where the roads fork off—one to Califor-
nia, one to Oregon, and one to Washington; and
when you come to divide the money among these
three routes, as I said when I was up before, it is
too small to do any good. I will suggest to the
Senator from Oregon, in all kindness, for I am in
favor of protecting the emigrants, and would do
it at the sacrifice of personal comfort, and at the
risk of anything that might happen on the road,
that, in order to make this available, we should
provide, in addition to the appropriation, that the
Secretary of War shall be authorized to employ
such additional force as he can with this $>50,000
appropriated for the protection of emigrants en
route to Oregon. I do not want to interfere with
his amendment, but I think that, in that form, it
will accomplish something, and much additional
protection will be afforded. Otherwise, it is ab-
solute nonsense, as I said before; itis holding out
to the emigrants a hope that we never ought to
hold out to them unless we mean to perform it.
It is deceiving them. I make this suggestion m
all kindness, that the amendment be so prepared
as to provide that the Secretary of War may be
authorized to employ such force as he can with
these $50,000, to escort and protect emigrants en
route to Oregon. Then it will give us additional
strength, and give us men suited for the purpose.
Mr. BAKER. The amendment provides for
that, thoroughly, and cannot be bettered, in my
judgment. 1 hope, as we have taken up time
enough about it, it will be pressed to a vote now.
Mr. HUNTER. I would like to have the yeas
and nays. I regard this as a very dangerous
precedent. Now, we are called on to provide a
sufficient appropriation to furnish troops to escort
emigrants across the plains. The next thing will
be that the quartermaster's department will be
ordered to transport the emigrants from one side
to the other. I hope that wc shall have the yeas
and nays on this amendment.
Mr. BAKER. I have no objection.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Mason- in
the chair.) The yeas and nays are demanded,
the Chair presumes, on the amendment offered
by the Senator from Oregon. The question pend-
ing is on the amendment offered by the Senator
from California to the amendment of the Senator
from Oregon.
Mr. HUNTER. I thought it was on the amend-
ment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. _ The Chair
will so understand it. The question is on the
amendment of the Senator from California to the
amendment of the Senator from Oregon.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now, is on the amendment as amended; and upon
that question the yeas and nays are demanded.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BRAGG. 1 have paired oft' with the Sen-
ator from California [Mr. Latiiam] upon this
question. I should vote against and he for it.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 2-1, nays 10; as follows:
Y13AS — Messrs. Amllony, Baker, Bingham, Bright,
Di\-on, Durkeo, Fossendon, Foot, FostPi, Guinea, O-.vin.
Hale. Ilailan. Lane, Morrill, Seward, Simmons, Sumner,
Ten Kyrk. Thomson, Trumbull, Wade, Wilkinson, and
Wilson—21.
NAYS—Messrs. Bigler, Clark. Collnmer, Crittenden,
Doolittle, Hunter, Johnson of Arkansas, Kennedy, King,
Mason, I'earcc, Polk, and i'owr.il—
So the amendment was concurred in.
Mr. HALE. 1 am going to make one more
attempt to reform a most odious system, which I
have attempted a good many times to do. I pro-
pose this as an additional section to the bill:
.'In J be it further enacted, Tint tlie pay, allowances, and
emoluments, of 110 officer in the Army, except the Jbieuten-
ant Geneial, shall exceed $5,01)0 per annum.
I will ask the yeas and nays upon the amend-
ment
Mr.POWELL. Isanamendmentto theamend-
ment in order ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Yes, sir.
Mr. POWELL. I move to strike out the
words, " except the LifUtenaiitGeneral;" andon
that question I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HALE. I will say a word on that. I
think the Senator had better let us try the first
one first. I think if be gets that stricken out, it
will kill the whole; and I do not think that is what
he means. Let us try the others first; and then
if we can reduce them, try the Lieutenant General
afterwards; but do not kill tiiis proposition by
firing at the Lieutenant General.
Mr. POWELL. I will adhere to my amend-
ment. I think, if we are to commence this reduc-
tion we had better commence where retrenchment i
is most needed. The Lieutenant General now gets
far higher pay than any man in the Army. I tljnk
we should commence by striking at that, and not
at the pay of those who are in active service—
who do more service, and do not get half the
pay.
Mr. HALE. " Active service !" "Active ser-
vice" is aimed at certain men who live in their
easy chairs, and do what is called bureau duty.
My colleague says bandbox duty. That is the
class that is aimed at.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Mr. President, X do not
propose to occupy more than a few moments of
the time of the Senate. I know that this has been
a favorite sort of amendment with my friend from
New Hampshire for a long time past. Sir, it is
a short and compendious way of doing business.
No officer of the Army receives any pay but what
has been allowed him by law. Now the gentle-
man wants to come in, and without those special
considerations applicable to the rank and duty of
those who may receive more—I do not know who
they are, or how many they are—it is proposed
by a short cut, in the name of a nominal economy,
based upon no considerations, no particulars, no
estimates, to make a sort of procrustean bed upon
which the principles of his economy are founded.
I do not think it is wise. When we are consid-
ering a particular office and the duty attached to
it, as we do when we make the office, we are then
a little better qualified than we are now upon a
general proposition like this, applying to we know
not whom. What may be its range, what may
be its consequences and effects, we know not,
except that it reduces the pay of all men in the
Army to §5,000 as a maximum. We are at once
to act upon a general proposition of this sort,
when the gentleman himself cannot tell us now to
whom it will apply. He cannot tell us now the
duties of those to whom it will apply. He can
go into no single particular. I think it will be a
veiy unwise measure. Those who have gone be-
fore us, upon a particular consideration of each
of these cases, have established the pay; I do not
know what it is now; but confiding in those who
have gone before us, I suppose it is about right.
At any rate, I am not disposed to reform their
work by using the scythe upon it, cutting down
everything to a particular shape and fashion. That
is not economy; it is an experiment, and a dan-
gerous and adventurous one, a blind one, in my
view of it.
Now, sir, a word as to the proposition of
amendment offered by my colleague.
Mr. POWELL. If my colleague will allow
me, I will state that I am opposed to the reduction
as proposed by the Senator from New Hamp-
shire; but if any are to be reduced, I think we had
better treat them all alike.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I presumed that was
the object of it, by way of illustrating the impror
priety of the amendment which is proposed by
the Senator from New Hampshire. I suppose
there is nobody in this nation that would be will-
ing to reduce the compensation of General Scott
to §5,000 a year. I presume there is not a single
man who does not estimate the value of the man
and the value of the service at infinitely more than
that. If he lived in any other country than ours,
wealth would be lavished upon him. Public grat-
itude has manifested itself, in our way, towards
him, to ourhonoras much as to his. I hope there
is no man here who feels the slightest disposition
to take aught from the compensation that is al-
lowed him.
Mr. II ALE. I do not propose to touch the pay
of the LieutenantGeneral. My amendment spe-
cially excepts him. I am sorry to be^ under the
necessity of troubling the Senate, at this late day,
on this subject; but the Senator says it is sud-
denly sprung upon him.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I did not say any such
thingas thatithad been suddenlysprungupon me.
I said you had been at it for a long, long time.
Mr. HALE. Well, I was going to defend my-
self by saying so; but the Senator did say some-
thing like it. He said that this matter had been
fixed by those who had gone before us; and it was
well to leave well enough alone, or something of
that sort.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. No, sir; I will tell you
what 1 said, in substance. 1 said I would lather
trust to that which had been done by our prede-
cessors, upon pai ticular and especial considcra-
