1252
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 27,
tion,than to attempt, in an off-hand movement of
this«sort, to cut down as with a scythe.
Mr. HALE. That is just exactly the senti-
ment that I wanted to get out of the Senator,.and
it is one in which I accord with him to his heart's
content. I only wish the Senator had been gov-
erned by that consideration in regard to the Con-
stitution of the United States, and been willing
to abide by what had been well considered and
adopted by those who had gone before us, and not
011 a sudden emergency to patch up any amend-
ments to it. That is what I wish. Now, sir,
this amendment has been offered over and over
again, and it has been met by exactly the sugges-
tions of my honorable friend from Kentucky: this
is not exactly the time; we do not know where it
will hit. 1 do not care where it will hit; and I con-
sider it so much the better that I do not know,
and I am glad that I do not. I do not know and
I do not care to know where it will hit; but it
will hit those who receive more than $5,000,
which, I think, is as much we can afford to pay-
to an Army officer, and is nearly twice as much
as the honorable Senator from ifentucky gets for
his services here. I believe the yeas and nays
have been ordered on the amendment, and that*is
all 1 want.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Well, Mr. President, if
they get more, they deserve it. There is not such
an Army in the world; and yet we are eterpally
picking and pecking at them in this Senate. They
do greater duty and more service to this country
than three times the same number of men in any
othercountry in the world, marching and counter-
marciaingfrom sea to sea, and living in forests and
living on anything and sleeping on the ground.
There is not an army m the world that does such
service, and yet they are selected objects for a
blind sort of reform.
Mr. FOSTER. Mr. President, I suppose I am
just as economical as the Senator from New
Hampshire, and I suppose the Senator from New-
Hampshire is quite as liberal as I am; but I shall
vote against the amendment to the amendment;
and 1 shall vote against the amendment, whether
the amendment to the amendment is adopted or
not. 1 bc.lieve it is agreed, on all hands, that the
present is rather a peculiar time in the history of
this Government. We are not at war; but I do
not think it is just the time to reducc the pay of
officers in our Army who are loyal to the fla^.
For one, at all events, I shall not do it. I will
vote cheerfully every dollai\of pay provided by
law to every officer of the Army who stands by
the flag; and I shall give no vote in this Senate
with more cheerfulness than I will give that.
Mr. HUNTER. I shall probably vote for the
amendment to the amendment; but if it is adopted,
1 shall vote against the whole. 1 think this is no
lime to meddle with this question of the pay of the
Army, and by piece-meal. Why, sir, the whole
subject was arranged not long ago, and it is now
proposed to act upon the pay of one class of offi-
cers. Whenever the subject is taken up, it ought
to be taken up as a whole, and we ought to under-
stand what we are doing.
The question being taken by yeas and nnys,
resulted—yeas 9, nays 31; as follows:
YRAS—Mcwr<!. Ihiiflu, Oro Mis Hunter. Johnson of Atk-
nn<n, banc, Mason, Powell, Soba^ti.ui, ami Trumbull—9.
>\AYS— Mcssr*. Antlmnv, liakei, Umler, Cauieion,
('ink, Oollamer, Crittenden, Dixon, Doolittie,
Duikec, Fes-scndcti, I'ooi, Fo-tei, Gurnet, Hale, Hnilan,
Hemphill. .J "hnson of 'IVnm^M-e, Kennedy, King, Momll,
Peaiee. i^ewaul, Simmon*-, Sunnier, Ten Eyek,Thomson,
Wade, Wilkinson, and W'iUon— .'U.
So the amendment to the amendment was re-
jected; and the question recurred on the amend-
ment offered by Mr. Hale.
Mr. BINGHAM. 1 desire to ask whether the
yeas and nays were ordered on that amendment?
The PRESIDlNGOFFiCER. They were not
ordered.
Mr. BINGHAM. Then I ask for them.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
tak'-n, resulted—yeas 10, nays 28; as follows:
YLArf—Messrs. liingham, Btiijht, Chandl°i, Climrman, i
Douglas, Durkee, Gieen. Hale, Johnson ut' Aikunsa-, John- |
toil of Tennessee, Lane, I'olk, Sebastian, Sumner, Tiniii-
bu.L urui WUkin-on—lt>.
XAYS—Anthony, Baker, 15iglei, I>ra22, Clark,
Colknner, Crittenden, Dixon, Doohuie, Fe^eiufen, Foot,
Foster,Grimes,Hailan, Hemphill,Hunter. Kennedy, Kins,
>l.ison. Morrill, Pearco, Powell, Seward, Simmons, Ten
Ljtk, Thomson, Wade, and Wilson—28.'
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. WILSON. I move to amend the first
section of the bill by adding the following:
To indemnif; citizens of Iowa for the distinction ofprop-
erty at oi near Spirit Lake, by independent bands of Sioux
Indians^ $9,640 74.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I feel bound to objcct to
that amendment, upon the ground that it is not in
order.
Mr. GRIMES. Why?
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is a private claim.
The. PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Mason
in the chair.) The Senator from Maine objects
to the amendment as not in order. The question
will be submitted to the Senate.
Mr. WILSON. Is it in order to make an ex-
planation of it ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will receive the explanation.
Mr. WILSON. An appropriation was made
last year for this very purpose; but there is a de-
ficiency equal to the amount stated in the amend-
ment. Here is a letter from Mr. Greenwood,
Commissioner of Indian Affairs, stating that this
deficiency exists; and this amendment is to make
it up.
Mr. COLLAMER. How much does it appro-
priate ?
Mr. WILSON. The whole sum is §26,310 71;
§16,079 97 have been paid; and there is $9,640 74
due, which this amendment is to carry out and
pay foi. I hope it will be sustained by the Sen*
ate. The Committee on Military Affairs were
unanimous in recommending it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is: shall the amendment be received as in order ?
The question being put, the Senate decided to
receive the amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now is on the amendment.
Mr. WILKINSON. I suggest, as an amend-
ment to it, to insert the words, " and Minnesota."
All the claims in that State have not been paid.
Mr. WILSON. Very well; I accept the amend-
ment.
Mr. HUNTER. As I understand, this is an
amendment to pay certain persons in Iowa for
Indian spoliations. If that be so, I should like to
know how we are responsible to these persons in
Iowa for spoliations committed by Indians at
wnr? 1 can understand when, under the non-in-
tercourse law, we are called upon to make Indi-
ans restitution; but is this Government bound to
compensate all persons who may have been in-
jured. by Indians when they were at war, and they
have suffered from spoliation J
Mr. GREEN. It has been the established law
of the Government, and the uniform practice, to
pay for spoliations committed by Indian tribes
with whom we have treaties, and to whom we are
under obligations to pay annuities; but we have
never in a single instance paid for any spoliations
committed by wild tribes. I want to know whether
these depredations were committed by tribes with
whom we have treaty stipulations, and to whom
we pay annuities' If they were, then it is well
enough. If we have not any such stipulations,
it is a departure from the policy of the Govern-
ment, and [ am opposed to it.
Mr. GRIMES. This question, I believe, was
argued and settled by the Senate and by the House
of Representatives a year ayo. They made an ap-
propriation of $16,001) in order to cover the amount
of spoliations perpetrated by these Indians.
Mr. GREEN. What is the name of the tribt: ?
Mr. GRIMES. Ink-pa-du-tah's band of Sioux
Indians, who made incursions in the year lijoS.
Air. G REEN. Have we any treaty with them ?
Mr. GRIMES. With the Sumx Indians? Yes,
sir.
Mr. GREEN. With that band? There are
forty bands of Sioux.
Mr. GRIMES. We have treaties with the
Sioux Indians, of which these were a band. It is
claimed that these had become outlaws of that
band. J
Mr. GREEN. Yes, sir; that is the answer, i
Mr. GRIMES. But it was settled by the Sen- j
ate. It is claimed by the people of Minnesota 1
and Iowa that that band are nor outlaws; and if j
they are not, it is the duty, 1 apprehend, of this !
Government to take care of its Indians. They
have bought what is now the State of Iowa and
the State of Minnesota; they have extinguished
the Indian title; they have removed those Indians
beyond the jurisdiction of either of those States;
they have stimulated emigration to those States;
they have surveyed the lands, and sold them to
actual settlers, who have gone on them with their
families and occupied them; and now, after hav-
ing received the value of the land from the citi-
zens who were resident there, when they were in
duty bound to keep their Indians within their own
Indian reservation, by withdrawing the troops,
they allowed the Indians to go into Iowa arid Min-
nesota, and murder the inhabitants, and destroy
their property. Why, sir, there were between
thirty and forty inhabitants of the States of Min-
nesota and Iowa barbarously murdered by these
Indians.
Mr. RICE. Forty-odd.
Mr. GRIMES. Forty-odd were barbarously
murdered, by these Indians, and some females and
children were carried in to captivity. Ofcoursethey
have no reclamation on the Government for that;
but this little pitiful sum of $26,000, the value of
property, although it embraces the homesteads of
more than twenty families,gentlemen cavil about
paying to these poorfamilies. You have already
settled the principle in this case. You decided, a
year ago, that these settlers should be paid the
amount, supposing the amount of the claim was
only $16,000; but it seems that the Department
under-estimated the amount by about nine thou-
sand dollars; and now we come here and ask that
to be appropriated, and we have questions of
order raised upon us, and principles of law quoted
that have not been recognized heretofore.
Mr. GREEN. We have no question of order
now
Mr. RICE. Will the Senator from Missouri
allow me a moment?
Mr. GREEN. In a moment I will, for I have
but a word to say. I want a definite policy fixed
and followed out by the Government. Will you
pay for depredations committed by Indians, by
Englishmen, 0£ Frenchmen, or any foreign Power
on private property, under these circumstances?
We have a rule to pay for depredations commit-
ted by Indians with whom we have treaties,
where we have to pay them annuities. That
operates as a check upon the Indians. We can
withhold it ftom the annuities; but as to these
wild tribes with whom we have no connection, we
have never yet paid for the damage they commit-
ted. If we have, it has always been a gratuity, and
not in pursuance of a policy. Now the Caman-
ches have killed many; you would not pay for those
lives. The Camanches have stolen laige amounts
of property; you have not paid for that. Remember
the Mountain Meadow massacre. Yon never paid
for that. The Navajoes killed ninety people and
took all their property; and I presented a case
here of citizens passing through the Tejon Pass,
who were all killed by Indians, but one, who
escaped; and a deaf ear was turned to it, and why?
On this principle: we have no treaty with them;
we are not responsible for any deputations tiiey
commit; but if we have a treaty with them, then
we will pay you, becausc wo can withhold itfrom
their annuities.
Now, the Sioux embrace at least forty bands.
When you speak of the Sioux, you mean a gen-
eral class that range all over the northwestern ter-
ritory. The Yancton Sioux is one band; here is
another band; but they are all known by the gen-
eric term Sioux. It does not mean a band. It
means a collection of Indians. Is there any treaty
with this band of Indians which committed this
dcpiedation? Theie is no pietextof any such
treaty.
Mr. RICE. Yes, there is.
Mr. GREEN. With This band ?
Mr. RICE. Will the Senator allow me a mo-
ment ?
Mr. GREEN. I will give way one moment to
hear what the gentleman has to say.
Mr. RICE. That is alt I ask,
Mr. GREEN. One moment.'1
Mr. RICE. I want more than one moment.
Mr. GREEN. Very well; then hear me flist.
I do not yield the Jloor. If lie wants three mo-
ments, I cannot do it. I will do it for one. I say
there is no treaty with this band. If there is, and
it falls within the principles of the policy of the
Government, it does not need any action of Con-
gress at all. Now I present this dilemma to the
Senator from Minnesota. There either is no
treaty, or there is. If theie is no treaty, then it
