1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1255
sent just compensation; nor the power to interfere with or
prohibit Representatives and others from bunging with them
to the District of Columbia, retaining, and taking away,
persons so held to labor or service ; not the power to inter-
fere with or abolish involuntary service m places under
the exclusive jurisdiction of the United States within those
States and Territories where the same is established or
recognized; nor the power to prohibit the removal or trans-
poitation of persons, held to laboi or involuntaiy service in
any State or Territory of the United States to any othct
State or Teriitory thereof where it is established or ieco -
nized by law or usage, and the right during transpoi ration,
by sea or river, of touching at ports, shotes., and landings.,
and of landing in case of distress, shall exist; bm not the
right of transit in or through any State or Territory, or of
sale or traffic, against the laws thereof. Nor shall Con-
gress have power to authorize any higher rate of taxation
on persons held to labor or service than on land. The bring-
ing into the District of Columbia of persons held to labor
or service, for sale, or placing them in depots to be after-
wards transferred to other places for sale as merchandise,
is prohibited.
Sec. 4. The third paragraph of the second section of the
fourth article of the Constitution shall not be con^tmed to
prevent any of the States, by appropriate legislation, and
through the action of their judicial and ministerial ofnceis,
from enfotcmg the delivery of fugitives fioin labor to the
person to whom such semce or labor is due.
Sec. 5. The foreign slave trade is heieby forever prohib-
ited ; and it shall be the duty of Congress to pass laws to
prevent the importation of slaves, coohes, or persons held
to soi vice or labor, into the United States and thoTerrito-
ues ftom places beyond the limits thereof.
Sec. G. The first, third, and fifth sections, together with
this section of these amendments, and the third paiagraph
of the secondsection of the first article of the Constitution,
arid the third paragraph of the second section of the fouith
uitielc thereof, shall not be amended or abolished without
the consent of all the States.
Sec. 7. Congress shall provide by law that the United
States shall pay to the owner the full value of his fugitive
from labor, in ail cases wheie the marshal, or other ofiicer,
whose duty it was to arrest sucli fugitive, was prevented
fiom so doing by violence or intimidation from mobs or
riotous assemblages, or when, after arrest, such fugitive
was rescued by like violence or intimidation, and the owner
thereby deprived of the same; and the acceptance of such
payment shall preclude the owner from further claim to
such fugitive. Congif^s shall piovuhj by law for secuung
to the citizens of cach State the privileges and immunities
of citizens in the several States.
Mr. MASON. I suppose the proper disposi-
tion is to have it printed.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. There is nothing to
print.
Mr. GREEN. And refer it to the Committee
for the District of Columbia. I think that is about
right.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I move that it be re-
ferred to a select committee, with instructions to
report to-morrow morning.
Mr. MASON. We ought certainly to have it
printed.
Mr. DOUGLAS. It can be printed in the mean
time.
Mr. PESSENDEN. We should have time to
look at it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is moved that
the communication be printed and referred to a
select committer, with instructions to report to-
morrow morning.
Mr. I3IG-LER. I would be glad to make a sug-
gestion to the Senator from Kentucky, that he
name m addition an hour to-morrow at which the
consideration of the report shall be in order, or
else a single objection will throw it over to the
next day.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Well, to-morrow at
twelve o'clock, I would say. [" One."] I move
one o'clock.
Mr. BIGLER. With instructions to the com-
mittee to report to-morrow morning, and that the
report be the special order at one o'clock ?
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Yes, sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT, Docs the Senator
indicate the number of the committee?
Mr. GREEN. Seventeen.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Five is enough.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. A committee of five ;
no more.
Mr. COLLAMER. I would suggest to gen-
tlemen not only that it be made the order of the
day for twelve o'clock to-morrow, but that it be
adopted by three fourths of the States the next
day. [Laughter.]
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is moved and
seconded that the communication be printed,and
referred to a select committee of five members,
to report to-morrow at one o'clock.
Mr. HALE. I ask for a division of the
question.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The first question
will be on printing.
The motion to print was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The next question
is that the communication be referred to a select
committee of five, with instructions to report to-
morrow at one o'clock.
Mr. HALE. 1 ask for a division of that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. How would it be
divided ?
Mr. HALE. The motion to refer to a select
committee is one proposition, and the instructions
are another.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is the form
in which the Senator wants it divided?
Mr. HALE. Yes, sir.
Mr. BIGLER. As the Chair states the prop-
osition, it docs not reach the object which the
Senator from Kentucky had in view. The in-
stiactions should be that the committee report
to-morrow morning, and that the report shall be
the special order at one o'clock. Unless that is
done, one objection will put it over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. _ The Senator from
New Hampshire asks for a division of the ques-
tion, and it is susceptible of division. The first
question is on referring the communication to a
special committee of five.
The motion was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The next branch
of the proposition is that that committee be in-
structed to report to-morrow morning, and that
their report be made the special order for to-mor-
row at one o'clock.
Mr. HALE. On that, I should like to have the
yeas and nays.
The yens and were ordered.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
upon directing the committee to report to-morrow
morning, and that the report be made the special
order for to-morrow at one o'clock.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Though I am utterly op-
posed to the proposition, I am willing to give it
the direction its friends desire, and I vote "yea."
Mr. LATHAM. I desire to change my vote.
I have no confidence in this thing, and I fear it
will be an unnecessary consumption of time; but
I yield to the judgment of my political associates
and I vote 44yea."
The result was announced—yeas 26, nays 21;
as follows:
YEAS—Messis. Anthony, Baker, Bayard, Biglcr, Bragg,
Plight, Clingman, Crittenden, Dixon, Douglas, Fitch, Fos-
ter, Gu in, Hunter, Johnson of Tennessee, Kennedy, Lane,
Latham, Mason, Nicholson, Pearce, Polk, Powell, Rice,
Sebastian, and Thomson—26.
NAY£—Mosfrts. Bingham, Chandler, Clark, CoUamer,
Doohttle, Durkee, Fessemlen, Foot, Gieen, Grimes, Hale,
Harlan. King, flloirill, Seward, Simmons, Sumner, Ten
Eyck, TiumbuH, Wade, and \Vil>on—21.
So the motion was agreed to.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I move that the com-
mittee be appointed by the chair.
The motion was ngiced to*, and Mr. Chitten-
den, Mr. Bigler, Mi. Thomson, Mr. Seward,
and Mr.Thumb ull, were appointed the committee.
POST OFFICE APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. PEARCE, from the Committee on Finance,
to whom was refeircd the bill (H. R. No. 971)
making appropriations for the service of the Post
Office Department during the fiscal year ending
the 30th of June, 1861, reported it with amend-
ments.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Mr. MASON. I renew the motion for an ex-
ecutive session.
Mr. HALE. I ask for the yeas and nays.
Mr. MASON. Allow me to say one word. If
the Senate refuse to go into executive session,
I shall then, under the 18th rule, ask that the
galleries be cleared. Any member has a right,
upon his responsibility, to have the galleries
cleaved, and have the Senate go into secret ses-
sion.
Mr. DOUGLAS. To save the trouble of call-
ing the yeas and nays, why not do that at once?
Air. MASON. Unless the call be withdrawn,
I shall make that motion.
Mr. HALE. It is not withdrawn.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I wish the honorable Sen-
ator would allow me to present a couple of peti-
tions.
Mr. MASON. I regret that I cannot.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will di-
rect the Clerk to read the rule. 1
The Secretary read as follows:
" 18. On tx motion made and seconded to shut the doors
of the Senate, on the discussion of any buslnegswhich
may, in the opinion of a member, require secrecy, the
President shall direct the gallery to be cleared; and daring
the discussion of such motion, the doors shall remain shut."
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Virginia having expressed thatopinion, theChair
deems it his duty, under the rule, to direct that
the galleries be cleared. :
Mr. BRIGHT. I do not understand the Sen-
ator from Virginia to withdraw his motion for an
executive session.
Mr. MASOJNT. It is the shortest step. The in-
dications are, that we should be delayed going
into executive session. I make the motion under
the rule.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Sergeant-at-
Arms will clear the galleries.
The galleries were cleared, and thedoors closed;
and after an interval of an hour and fifteen min-
utes, the doors were reopened, and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, February 27, 1861. t
The House metatcleven o'clock,a. m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas H. Stockton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
SMITHSONIAN INSTITUTION.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a letter
from the Secretary of the Smithsonian Insti-
tution, communicating the annual l-eport of the
operations, expenditures, and condition of the
Smithsonian Institution for the year 1860.
Mr. ENGLISH. I move that it be laid on the
table, and ordered to be printed.
It was so ordered.
Mr. ENGLISH. I move that the usual num-
ber of extra copies be printed.
The motion was referred to the Committee on
Printing.
DAILY RECESS.
Mr. EURCH. I ask unanimous consent to
offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That eacli day of this week the House wil! take
a reee&s at four o'clock, to meet5 again at seven o'clock,
p. m.
Mr. SHERMAN. I object.
PATENT OtfFICE REPOIiT.
Mr. GURLEY. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. I offer a resolution to which there will be
no objection, if gentlemen wish their Patent Office
reports.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Resolved, That there be printed for the use of members
of the House of Representatives two hundred thousand ex-
tra copies of the Agricultural Patent Office Reportforl860,
and fifteen thousand extra copies for official distribution by
the Department of the Interior: Prov ded, Said report bo
printed in brevier type, and be comprised within four hun-
dred and eighty pages octavo.
Mr. GURLEY. This provides for one hun-
dred thousand copies less than were printed last
year. I call the previous question.
Mr. BRANCH. That resolution can be re-
ported as a privileged question, but can it be acted
on at this time, while the previous question is
operating?
The SPEAKER. If objection be made, the
Chair is bound to decide that, the main question
having been ordered on the resolutions reported
by the committee of thirty-three, those resolutions
are the first business in order.
Mr. BRANCH. Then I object.
Mr. GURLEY. I hope the gentleman will not
object.
Mr. BRANCH. I do object.
OFFICIAL COKSUPTION.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I offer a privileged
resolution, and state to the House that it is im-
portant it should be passed. I offer it after full
consultation with members of the committee.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Resolved, That the select committee appointed to inquire
into and report the facts pmaining to the fraudulent ab-
straction of bonds from the Iriteiior Department, be, and
tliey are hereby, invested with full power to examine wit-
nesses touching the matter a? to whether William H. Rus-
sell, or any peison or persons for liim, ever, directly or in-
directly, paid any money or other valuable consideration to
any officer of the United States, or any other person or per-
