1256
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 27,
sons, for assisting him or any firm with which he lias been
heretofore or is now connected in obtaining contracts or
allowances from the Government of the said United States,
or assisting bun or them in the transaction of business with
the same.
Mr. BURNETT. I think that that resolution
ought to be amended; and when the gentleman
from Illinois hoars my suggestion I suppose he
will agree to it. It is that any person who may
be charged with having received any considera-
tion for such service, shall be notified of the
charge, and shall have aright to cross-examine
witnesses. 1 think this is but just and right; and
that no private inquisition should be held.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I have no objection
to that modification, if there were time to permit
it to be done. The committee has made no pri-
vate inquisition, and has very reluctantly gone
into the matter.
The resolution was modified by adding the
following:
And that any person who may be charged with, or im-
plicated in, any of the matters alluded to, shall be informed
thereof by the chairman, and notified that he will be per-
mitted to attend the examination, and cioss-examine the
witnesses m the case or cases wherein he may be so im-
plicated.
The resolution, as modified, was agreed to.
CORRESPONDENCE WITH SOUTH CAROLINA.
Mr. JOHN H. REYNOLDS. I am instructed
by the select committee on the President's mes-
sage, touching the correspondence between the
President and the authorities of the State of South
Carolina, to submit the following report, which
was recommitted to the committee, and ordered
to be printed:
The select committee to whom was referred the message
of the President of the United States, bearing date the 8th
day of January, 1861, with special mstiuctioiis, submit, m
partial discharge of the duties imposed upon them, the fol-
lowing icport:
Accompanying the message of the President referred to
this committee, is a copy of certain conespondence, had
between the President and Messrs. 11. W\ Barnwell, J. II.
Adams, and James L. Orr, claiming to be commission-
ers" on the part of the Stdte of South Carolina, ki author-
ized and empowered to treat with the Government of the
United Flutes lor the delivery uf the forts, magri/.nn^,light-
houses, and other real estate, with their appuitonanee*,
within the hunts of South Carolina; and also for the appor-
tionment of the public debt, and a division of all othei piop-
erfy hold hv the Government of the United Stat"*, a-? agent
of the confederated States of which South Carolina was
recently a member, and generally to negotiate as to all other
measures and arrangements proper to be mad'1 and adopted
in the existing relations of the parties, and for the contin-
uance of peace and amity between the Commonwealth
[South CaioJina] and the Government at Washington.'1
A further message of the President, under date ot Febiu-
ary 8, il&I, and referred to this committee, communicates
a copy ot certain conespondence growing out of another
special mission from the State of South Carolina to the
President of the United States, having for its object a de-
mand upon the Government of the United States for u the
delivery of Fort Sumter, ui the harbor of Chaileston, to the
constituted authorities of the State of South Carolina."
The corrc*pondcnce above referred to is submitted by
the Piesident without comment, or any suggestion as to the
propriety or necessity ot any action by Congress in lespect
to it, or to the various subjects to winch it refers. If im-
portant to be submitted to Congress at all, it seems, cei-
tainly, to he of a character demanding grave consideiation;
and the fact that it has been placed be lore us by the Pres-
ident, implies that,in his opinion,at least, it involved con-
siderations winch might properl) engage the attention of
the legislative branch of the Government, in connection
with the various other matters forced upon it by the neces-
sities of the times. The committee has, therefore, thought
it expedient and proper to direct attention to these special
embassies,their object, the action of the President thereon,
and, incidentally, to the chaiacter of the conespondence.
The first communication to the President, by Messrs.
Barnwell, Adams, and Orr, under date of December 2«,
1860, communicates an official copy of an oidtnancc of ac-
cession, adopted b> the State of South Caiohna on the 20th
of the same month, by vutue of which that Statv attunes
to have withdrawn from the Federal Union, and taken the
position of an entirely independent nation. That -ueh an
attitude wasassumed by South Carolina in attempting nego-
tiations with the Government of tiie United States-, is not
only ohviou-> from the history of cuirent event:-, but it was
most distinctly .waited by her " commissioner-." m their
communication to the President. The movement, of Major
Anderson from Fort Moultrie to Foit Sumter, after their
arrival m Washington, scenic to have be< n regaided as an
obstacle, on their "pint, to the opening of anv discussion
touching the object of then mission, until theencum-tances
attending that movement should be explained, in a manner
which should iclieve them of all doubt as- to the spirit in
which the contemplated negotiation* should he conducted.
The}, however, urge upon the President, the immediate
withdrawal of the tioop  of the United States fium the hat-
bo/ of Charleston, upon the allegation that they am a stand-
ing menace, which rcndeied negotiations impo-sible. and
which, as they express it, •' threatens specdilj to bring to a
bloody ist-ue questions which ou^ht to be settled with teni-
peianceand judgment.*' This communication was leeeived
by the President, and made the subject of a toimal and elab-
orate teply. Considering the position assumed by the Pi ev-
ident in his annual message, in respect to the right of a
State to withdraw from the Union, and the total absence of
power on the part of the Executive to recognize the validity
of any such attempt, the committee cannot but regard the
mission itself, as well as the manner m which it has been
tieated by the President, as among the most remarkable
events of the extiaordmary times in which we live. In his
annual message, communicated to Congress at the begin-
ning of the present session, the position is most distinctly
affirmed by the President, that no State has the constitu-
tional right to withdraw from the Union ; and that there is
no power m the executive department of the Government
to give the slightest countenance or encouragement to any
such attempt. Jn this opinion we fully concur, and believ-
ing it to be the true theory of the Constitution, we have
been unable to perceive upon what principle the President,
lepresentmg the dignity of the Government of the United
States, has assumed to enteitain or hold any official com-
munication of the cluuacter disclosed, with the represent-
atives of the State ot South Caiolma; for it seems to us
obvious enough, that upon the principles enunciated in the
annual message, the gentlemen composing this commis-
sion, acting under the sanction of a disloyal State, could he
regarded in no other light than as engaged m a revolution-
ary effoit to subvert the Government of the United States ;
and being so regaided, it would appear to have been the
plain duly of the Executive to enforce the laws against any
individuals, however eminent and respectable, known or
suspectcd of complicity in any movement ot a tieasonable
character. We aie not able to imagine any circumstances
undei which the President of the United States would he
justified in eiiteiiamlng diplomatic inteieouisc with the
State ot South Caiolma, m herpieverit attitude to the Gen-
eral Government, except upon the assumption, that by the
action ot her authonties sue had succeeded m acquiring
the position of an independent Power, owing no duly what-
ever to the Government of the United State?.
As before stated, it is claimed by her, and on her behalf,
that she now occupies such a position, and her agents arc
sent hither upon that assumption, charged with most ex-
tiaordmary and ins-olent demands upon tin; Piesident. The
leception by the Piesident of such a communication, under
such cn cams tancc*, and aw aiding the dignity oi an official
reply, involves, to some extent, a recognition of the assumed
position of the icbelhous State, and "impliedly admits that
the individuals engaged in the revolutionary movements
against the Federal Government have acquired a politi-
cal position which entitles them to some oiher consider-
ation than is most commonlj due to those who invite a
collision with established authonty. It is tins attitude of
the Piesident that the committee paitienlaily desire to e\-
pic^s dissent from, and to a tin m most emphatically the doc-
trine that, so long as the Fedeial Government exists, its
Constitution and lawsopciatc with full vigor upon the peo-
ple ot every State, and that no action of State authouty of
less degree than suceessiul revolution, can justify any de-
pal tineut of the Government in tieating rttiy peisons engaged
in the effort to thiovv off all Fedeial obligation-: other than
as rebels and tiaitors, and entitled to be doalt with as
such.
Even if, fiom anv considerations glowing out of the striic
ture of our Government, or tin* dangeious tendency of the
secession movement in seveial States of the Union—the
anxiety to pievcnt the shedding of blood and of avoiding
the evils of civil wai—gicar fnrbeninnce in the nctu.il cii-
foieement of the laws against political offender* mn\ he
pardoned and pet hap - ju-tilled, wc aic not piepatt d to giv e
our assent to any action oi the executive depaitm'-ut which,
in cxpicss terms ot by a ncce?s,iiy implication, tn.iy seem
to place the responsible aetois and abettots ot secession,
in any State of the Union, in any other aspect than that of
traitois to the Constitution ot the United States.
it is believed that the assettton and maintenance of this
position is essential to the existence of the Federal Gov-
ernment, and without which it neithei can have nur dcsei vc
obedience at home or re- pet abroad. It may, perhaps,
lot a time, be toleiated thatotfendcr* ngainst the laws may
be peunitted to go " uuwhipped ot justice." The loiciblc
seizure of public property by rebellion* citizens may tem-
poiattly be allowed to pa*s unpunished, loi leasons which
may appear satistactorv to those charged with executive
duty ; but this condition of things cannot b" of long con-
tinuance. Father the Government must vindicate its power,
or it will ilsiiit become povveilcss. If anv poition of the
people ot the Republic may, at thetr plea^uie, repudiate all
Federal authoritv, dwj and di.-organiz^ tho Government,
seize it> piopertv, and insult its flag, without inclining the
hazard ot' punishment loi tiea*on, either bv ctvil or mili-
tary antInn in, we mav well admit then: i, no Government
of the United States u ot tiiv ot piesei vat .on And if, alter
the people of a State, without adequate cause, have an-
nounced their purpose ot repudiating all allegiance to the
Fedeial Union, they arc, without question, to be cntci-
tained by the Go\ eminent of the United Stales with diplo-
matic inteicoui.se in respect to the abandonment of its own
hut-*, arsenals,and other public building--, upon thicats ot
forcible expulsion if the demands upon it ate not at once
:| acceded to, we may well pause and eonsiderto what depth*
11 ot degiadation and humiliation the American Government
| is appioachuig, li tiie lowest depth has not already been
i leached.
j The committee do not propose to discuss here whether
it is wise or politic at the picsent time to employ the whole
[ pow< r of the Government, mulct all circumstances, and at
j all hazards, to punish oft'endei* against its laws. In times
,1 of extensive civil commotion and discontent, piudence
!! may dictate great caution and foibearanee in the exeieise
of acknowledged poweis; and wh^n whole communities
assume the attitude ot revolution against established gov-
ernment, loi real oi imaginaty wtong-s, it may bo wise to
listen to then eoinp'aiuts with attention, and not. by any
unuocc•?■*!!i y rigor agaiu-t palpable violation* of I aw, pro-
voke passions aheady unduly and uniea*onably excited.
But when growingilHcontent assumes the position ot ac-
tual ito-tilit} ; when, instead ot seeking ted re -s> under exist-
ing form*, HJsoit is had to toice, and the ptupo-e is boldly
avowed ofoverturning the Government!') which theiralle-
giance is due, we cannot &ee the wisdom of a policy which
permits treason to perform its work without hindrance or
molestation. Above all, we cannot sanction a policy in the
executive department of this Government which piofoses
a purpose of executing its laws and protecting its property
from unlawful violence, and yet remains inactive when
revolution is actually impending, and entertains lucidly
intercourse with embassies instigated by, and growing out
of, the highest type of treason to the Fedeial Constitu-
tion.
The President acknowledges the obligations of his oath
to protect and defend the Constitution, and enforce the
laws made in obedience to its requirements; denies the
right of secession ; and yet, in the coirespondence before
us, wc have the evidence that, with full knowledge that the
authority of the Government has been set at defiance, its
dignity insulted, and its flag dishonored, he yet negotiates
with treason, and commits the Government to a painal rec-
ognition of the revolutionary movement for its distinction.
If for any considerations of policy he may bo justified m
suspending the cxercise of its powers, we know of no rea-
son that can justify a course ot action which ignores the
theory upon which the whole louudation oi the Govern-
ment rests. If the fact that the Government has the power
to protect itself from domestic violence may not prudently
be acted upon, under an appiebcnsion that any exeiciseof
authority may irritate and exasperate those already in open
lebelhon, it would be «ome consolation to such of the citi-
zens ot the United States as are still loyai to the Constitu-
tion, to feel assured that the de«Ire to shield traitors 1'ioni
the consequences of their acts may not result in the utter
demoralization of all Federal authority and digmtv.
If we recur to the content* of the coirespondence,to
which we have leferred, there is but little to commend it
to favorable consideration. 'I he communication hy the
'• commissioners " of South Caiolma to the President, con-
vey is, m the most unqualified terms, an imputation of bad
laith upon the President, and, of necessity, upon the Gov-
ernment of the United Mates, on account of the occupa-
tion of Fort Sumtei by Majoi Anderson and his command. It
is clearly intimated that some agreement, previously, made
by the President i especting the occupation of the in
thehaiborof Chaileston, had been violated. From thia
charge the President ha* undertaken to defend himself, and
to furnish excuse* for the action of the Government, in re-
spect to the occupation of its own fortresses, and the dis-
position of Its own tioops. The fact that the State ot South
Carolina intended to rebel agam«t the Government of the
United States was well mulcistood long before her oidi-
nance of secession was actually adopted. Thepinbable
consequences of such-action, it was also well known, would
be an attempt on the pait oi the State to take possession of
all the forts, arsenals, magazines, and other public piopeity
within her limit*. Under such circumstances, nothing
would seem to be clearer than the duty of the President
to provide in due time an adequate ioice tot the protection
of all the public propeify m danger of assault. Instead,
however, ol taking such a course, the Piesident seems to
have been in communication with those engaged in iheie-
belhon ; and a sou of understanding appeals to have been
had. eatJy in December, that no action should be taken by
the Government of the United States to trinloice tbeconi-
inand charged with the defence of the foils m the haiboi of
Chaileston.
On the 9th of December, 18G0, the Representatives in
Congress from the State of South Caiotnm furnished die
President with a written statement, under their signalmen,
expiessirig then stiong convictions tliat the forts m the har-
bor ot Cbaih.^ton would not be attacked or mole-ted pic-
vioitsly to the action of the convention of that State, then
about'to assemble; and they hoped and believed not until
after an offei had been made, through an accredited repre-
sentative, to negotiate for an amicable airangetne-ni ot al!
matters between the State and Fedeial Government, u;>ro-
vulcd, that no reinforcements shall be sent into those foits ;
and their relative militaiy status shall remain as at pies-
ent."
At the time thi4! paper was presented, the President ob-
jected to the word pronded^'' as it might, a« he expressed
it, be con--tiued into an agtecment on Ins pait, which he
"never would make." it was, he thinks, ohviou* there
could he no such a«i cement made, and he says it v\as re-
garded. in effect, as the pioinisc of highly honorable gentle-
men to exert their influence for the purpose expies>ed.
The purpose of the Piesident was well known not to rein-
force the foits in Chaileston haibor until they had been ac-
tually attacked, or until he hadceitain evidence that they
were about to be attacked; and we are lufonned by ins
communication before ih. that m respect to these foits, he
acted in the same manner that ho would have done, if he
had onteied into a formal agieement, with paitic* capable
ot contacting. It doe-not,thcietoie.appeal to be material
whether, in a strict technical sense, there was, or was not,
an agieement to the clTei t indicated in the papci lodged
v\ ith hnn bv the Reprc?entatives in Congiess from the State
oi South Caiohna. It is perfectly clear that, at that time,
it \va-_. icgardcd as ceitain that South Carolina would at-
tempt to recede iiom the Union, and Intended to obtain
! po session of these forts, either by toiee or negotiation,
i With a knowledge of these puiposes, the President detcim-
uicd to send the officer in command no leniloiceinents ;
and be has: acted, in tbi-* respect, in the «anie mamn i as he
would have done if he had made afoimal agieement to that
effect.
In this disclosure the committee is not able to resin the
inference, that, m the beginning of the revolutionary move-
ment against the Government of the United States, there
were relations of an extremely fnendly character between
those who contemplated lebelhon and tlios-e who-'e duty it
was to snppiess n. We cannot but legaid it as a mor-t ox-
traoidinary fact, that pamcs notoiiousiv contemplating the
'list up! n>n of the Government, should beforehand stipulate
with its executive nufhoiity in ro-pvet to the most conve-
nient and least datigeious mode lor making the rebellion
stieee-N-iul. While the President has avowed ins determ-
ination to eve< ute the. law*, lie does not seem to h:i\" io-
g;.r'lcd tiea-on to the Constitution ot the United States,
contemplated and existing, as among tiie ei imcs condonmed
by tli^ Jawa of the land and deriving punishment.
