THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 9,
' The portion of the resolution referred to was
again read.
' - The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion that
the point of order is not well taken. The Reso-
lution merely provides that the comrciittee may
report from time to time, under the rules of the
House. It gives no special' power on the sub-
ject.
Mr. HOUSTON. My point of order is this:
that when a committee, either astandmgor select
committee, makes a report on any subject, the
committee is discharged from that subject, and
can make no other report upon it at all. If that
were not the rule of the House now, that part of
the resolution would be unimportant and unne-
cessary. The fact that a committee can make
but ono report, under the rules of the House, on
one subject, makes necessary the instructions
which the gentleman now seeks to have agreed
to, giving the committee authority to reportmore
frequently than once. I present that point to the
Chair, because I am satisfied that the Chair mis-
conceives the point which I presented. I believe
that the Chair will rule that, unless there be
authority given to the committee now proposed
to be raised when it .reports oncc, i£ will be dis-
charged. That is the universal law applied to
special committees. If a committee reports once,
and is discharged, then it has no further power
or duty in the premises.
Now, sir, I object to those instructions because
the resolution embodying them proposes a change
of the rules of this House, by allowing this spe-
cial committee to report at any time.
Mr. HOWARD, of Michigan. Mr. Speaker,
the practice, since 1 have been a member of this
House, has been, in regard to the reception of
reports from committees, if I recollect aright, to
receive reports in part. Such certainly was the
case in respect to the special committee on Kan-
sas affairs. As I remember, it has been the prac-
tice to receive reports from special committees in
part.
Mr. HOUSTON. Not unless such authority
to do so was specially conferred upon the com-
mittee.
Mr. HOWARD, of Michigan. As the gentle-
man from Alabama has stated, when a special
committee reports in full,it is discharged from the
further consideration of the matter referred to it.
But, sir, to relieve the resolution from all embar-
rassment, I will modify it by striking out the words
" from.time to time.'
The resolution was accordingly modified, so as
to make that portion read:
That Hie committee have power to send for persons and
take testimony.
Mr. CRAWFORD, (addressing the Chair from
the Republican side of the House.) Mr. Speaker,
I desire, in order that we may justly understand
each other, upon the one side and I he other of this
House [Cries of " Order!"] There is no oc-
casion for excitement. We have passed beyond
that point.
Mr. HOUSTON. Nobody is excited.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I do not say that anybody
is cxcited.
Mr. HOUSTON. There is certainly no ex-
citement on this side of the House.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I have merely stated that
this was no time for excitement. Men, sir, should
keep cool, and understand clearly the line which
they are resolved respectively to follow. I desire
therefore, to ask thegentlennm from Michigan 
Mr. HOLMAN. I rise to a point of order.
Under the rules, every gentleman must address
the Chair from lus own place in the House. The
fetitleman from Georgia is not addressing the
llmir from his place, and is ihcrefoie out of order.
Such Mr. Speaker, is my point of order. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. BURNETT. And the same point of order
applies to the gentleman from Indiana, for he is
not in his place. [Laughter.]
Mr. CRAWFOl'D. I am willing to face the
enemy in any position. *
Mr. McCLERNAND. The previous question
has been demanded on the adoption of the reso-
lution. It is the only thing now ill order, and I
object to i-very thing else.
Mr. CRAWFORD. If the gentleman from
Indiana insists on his point of order, I will goto
my ordinary seat ill the Hall, and address the
Chair from it.
Mr. HOLMAN. I withdraw my point of
order.
Mr. GrARNETT. I rise to what I consider to
be a privileged question.
The SPEAKER. The only question before
the House in order is the second to the demand
for the previous question.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I am sure that the gen-
tleman from Michigan will be perfectly willing to
allow me to move a substitute for his resolution.
Let it be read from the Clerk's desk. If there be
no objection, then let the vote be taken between
it and the pending resolution. [Cries of "Ob-
ject !"]
Mr. HOWARD, of Michigan. I decline to
withdraw the call for the previous question.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I insist that the
gentleman from Georgia shall address the Speaker
from his seat, and not walk up and down the aisle
and all over the House.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Geor-
gia, and all other members of the House not in
their seats, will resume them. The Chair recog-
nizes the gentleman from Indiana.
Mr. HOLMAN. I understand that the gen-
tleman from Georgia has submitted a substitute
for the resolution offered by the gentleman from
Michigan. I have another proposition which I
desire to get in, and I move to amend the amend-
ment by substituting it for the resolution of the
gentleman from Georgia.
Mr. HOWARD, of Michigan. Mine is the
only resolution pending on which the call for the
previous question has been demanded. I again
decline to withdraw the demand for the previous
question to let any amendment to my resolution
come in. 1 do not object to anything being read
by unanimous consent; but I dccline to withdraw
the demand for the previous question.
Mr. HOUSTON. I object to the reading of
anything not regularly before the House, and
upon which we are not called to vote.
The SPEAKER. Then the only question be-
fore the House is on seconding the call for the
previous question.
Mr. GARNETT. I rise, sir, to submit what I
behove is a privileged motion. I move that the
communication from the President of the United
States, which lias just been read, be referred to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union. I believe, under the rules, that that mo-
tion will take precedence of the motion to refer
to a special committee.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order implied by the gentlcman'sremark.
Under the rules, the motion to refer to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union
cannot be entertained pending the demand for the
previous question.
Mr. REAGAN. I ask the indulgence of the
House for a moment. I appeal to the gentleman
from Michigan not at once to demand the pre-
vious question on his resolution. He knows as
well as any the present condition of the country.
There lias as yet been no public expression m
this Hall by the members of the House so that
we may understand one another. Perhaps if there
were some such expression we could find a basis
for united action. I trust that he will see it to be
his duty not to insist on his demand for the previous
question for the present. Let us have an expres-
sion of members in regard to the message.
Mr. HOWARD, of Michigan. I decline to
withdraw the call for the previous question.
Mr. LEAKE. Let the resolution be again read,
and then let us vote oil it.
Mr. JONES. I have an amendment which I
think the gentleman from Michigan will acccptif
he will hear it read.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I hope we will go on in order.
Again and again the gentleman from Michigan
lias declined to withdraw tile call for the previous
question.
Tliecall for the previous question was seconded;
and the main question ordered.
Mr. BURNETT. I demand the yeas and nays
on the adoption of the resolution.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
At the request of Mr. COX, the resolution was
again read.
Mr. CRAWFORD. With the permission of
the House, I now give notice that if I get an op-
portunity I will submit a substitute for the reso-
lution of the gentleman front Michigan. I ask
that my proposition may be read. The House
will then judge whether it is best to vote down the
pending resolution in order to receive and adopt
mine.
Mr. LOYEJOY. I object.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 133, nays 62; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Charles F. Adams, Green Adams, Ad-
rain, Aldrich, Alien, Alley, William C. Anderson, Ashley,
Babbitt, Beale, Bingham, Blair, ltiake, Brayton, Bripgs,
Uristow, Buflinton, Bureh, Buriingame, Burnliam, Bittter-
field, Campbell, Carey, Carter, Clemens, Cobutn, John
Cochrane, Colfax, Covode. Cox, Curtis, John G. Davis,
Dawes, Delano, Duell, llunn, Edgerton, F.dwaids, Eliot,
Ely, Etileridge, Farnsworth, Fenton, Ferry, Foster, Fouke,
Frank, French, Gilmer, Goocll, Grow, Gurley, Hale, Hall,
Hamilton, Haskin, Helmick, Hickman, Hoard, Holman,
William Howard, William A. Howard, Humphrey, Hatch-
ins, Irvine, Junkin, Francis W. Kellogg, William Kellogg,
Kenyan, ICilgnre, Larrabee, DeWitt C. Leach, Lee, Logan,
Longnecker, Loomis, Lovejoy, Maclay, Marston, McCier-
nand, McKean, McKiught, McPlierson, Millward, Mont-
gomery, Mooiliead, Morrill, Edward Joy Morris, Morse,
Nelson, Nixon, Noell, 01m, Palmer, Peny, Pettit, Porter,
Pottle, Edwin R. Reynolds, John H. Reynolds, ltiee, Riggs,
Christopher ltobii)(.on, J.uncs C. Robinson, Royee, Scran-
ton, Sedgwick, Hheiman, Somes, Spaulding, Spinner,
Stanton, Stevens, William Stewart, Stokes, Stratton, Tap-
pan, Thayer, Theaker, Tompkins, Train, Tillable, Van-
dever, Wade, Waldron, Cadwaladei ('. Waslibarn, Elhliu
B. Washburne, Webster, Wells, Wilson, Windom, Wood,
and Woodruff—133.
NAYS—Messis. Thomas L. Anderson, Avery, Barks-
dale, Barret, Boeock, Boteler, Bouligny, Branch, Brown,
Burnett, John B. Clark, Clopton, Cobb, Crawford, De Jar-
nette, Dimmick, Edmundson, English, Florence, Garnet!,
Gartrell, Hardeman, John T. Harns, Hatton, Hawkins,
Hill, Houston, Hughes, Jones, Kunket, Landrum, James
M. Leach, Leake, Love, Mallory, Charles D. Martin, Kl-
bert S.Mai tin, Maynard,McKcnty, MeXtae, Millson, Laban
T. Moore, Sydenham Moore, Niblack, Pendleton, Peyton,
Phelps, Pryor, Quailes, Reagan, llust, Sickles, Simms,
William Smith, William N. H. Smith, Tajlor, Vallandig-
ham, Vance, Whlteley, Winslovv, Woodson, and Wright
—63.
So the resolution was adopted.
During the vote,
Mr. STEWART, of Pennsylvania, stated that
Mr. Clark B. Cochrane was paired with Mr.
Stewart, of Maryland; and that the pair also
embraced the vote of Monday last on Mr. Adrain's
resolution.
Mr. BRANCH stated that his colleague, Mr.
Ruffin, was confined to his room by illness.
Mr. PHELPS. Mr. Speaker, the President of
the United States, ill the message before us, sug-
gests, what everybody knows, that we are in the
midst of a great revolution. He invites the atten-
tion of Congress to an adjustment of the matters
in dispute, and to the adoption of some meas-
ure by which the horrors of a civil war may be
averted. He points us to the fact that the public
creditisprostrate and almostaltogetherdestroyed.
He recommends that we shall direct our attention
to devise some remedy to restore the fraternal rela-
tions which ought to exist between the States of
this Confederacy; and his recommendation is en-
titled to the highest respect of the American peo-
ple. But, sir, we have here a motion to refer the
message to a select committee, with instructions
to indict somebody. 1 am unwilling to vote for
any such motion. To a resolution proposing such
inquiry, I would not object; but I oppose this res-
olution. It proposes no means of reaching the
existing exigency in public affairs. It is not pro-
posed that this committee shall present a plan to
restore quiet to the country or avert civil war.
The instructions are not responsive to the mes-
sage. I vote " no."
Mr. FLORENCE. If the resolution suggested
a remedy for the difficulties which environ us, I
would feel obliged to vote for it; but, as it does
no such thing, and may lead to evil results, I vote
against it.
Mr. HILL. ' I ask that the resolution be again
read. I just came in after it was read.
The Clerk proceeded to read the resolution. _
Mr. HILL. I see that the resolution is not in
the pacific line to which I belong; and I shall vote
against it. I vote "no."
Mr. MOORE, of Alabama, stated that his col-
league, Mr. Stallworth, was confined to his
room by sickness.
Mr. MARTIN, of Virginia. Looking, as I do,
upon this resolution to refer the message to th6
committee of five, as an additional firebrand to
that of the gentleman from New Jersey , the other
day, cast into a building already on fire, as ac-
knowledged by all, I vote "no."
The result was then announced as above re-
corded.
