1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. HOWARD, of Michigan, moved to recon-
sider the vote last taken; and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
DISTRICT COURT AT CAIRO, ILLINOIS.
Mr. LOGAN. I desire now to call up a motion,
entered some days ago, in reference to bill No.
488, providing for holding a term of the district
court of the united States at Cairo,in the south-
en district of Illinois. The motion is to recon-
sider the vote by which the biii was recommitted
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. MAYNARD. I ask the gentleman from
Illinois to give way to me for a moment, to pi*e-
sent a resolution. It will detain the House buta
moment.
Mr. LOGAN. If I could be sure of obtaining
the floor again, I should not object.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman yields, he
can have the floor again.
]V£r. LOGAN. Very well.
COMMITTEE OF TIIIRTY-THREE.
Mr. MAYNARD asked unanimous consent to
introduce the following resolution:
Resolved, That the committee of one member from each
State, appointed under resolution of December 4, 18G0,
have I pave to ropoit immPtiiately, or as soon as they may
be ready to do so, with permission to any of said committee
to picsent mmotity reports, if they desire.
Mr. BURNETT. I desire to make an inquiry
of the gentleman from Tennessee. I wish to
know whether he understands that there is any
probability that that committee will ever make a
report?
Mr. MAYNARD. [ know that they cannot
now, under the rules, make a report, until all the
standing committees have been first called.
Mr. BURNETT, I move to amend that reso-
lution by discharging that special committee.
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 object to the resolution.
Mr. BURNETT. It is my opinion that that
committee never will make any report. The com-
mittee is already broken up.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky will observe that the resolution is not yet
before the House.
Mr. HOUSTON. Then I object to its being
received.
Mr. H IN DM AN. In order to ascertain whether
this committee of thirty-three is doing anything,
or whether it has failed entirely to operate, as is
said to be the case, I call upon the chairman of
that committee to state whether the committee
has agreed upoV> any report; when it met last;
what number of members attended its meeting;
and other particulars, which may be calculated
to shed some light upon the probable result of the
action of that committee?
Mr. MAYNARD. 1 have not yielded the floor.
I am not a member of that committee, and profess
to have no knowledge of its proceedings; but I
do know that, under the rules, they cannot report
until all the committees are called, and the special
committee is reached in the ordinary way. It is
important that they should have leave to report
theiraction or non-action. The committee ought
not to be kept in abeyance. We ought to know
the result of their labors.
Mr. BURNETT. I have been just informed
by the gentleman from Arkansas, a member of
that committee, that there is not the remotest prob-
ability of that committee agreeing. That being
the case, and the committee being broken up, a
large number of the members from the southern
States having withdrawn from it, I appeal to the
gentleman from Tennessee, whether it is politic
and wise to continue the committee, and to confer
upon it a power to report at any time, and that
too, when there is not the remotest probability
that they ever will make a report.
Mr. MAYNARD. The country ought toknow
whether they can or cannot make a report.
The SPEAKER. Objection being made to the
reception of the resolution, the matter is not be-
fore the House.
DISTRICT COURT IN ILLINOIS.
Mr. LOGAN. I now call up my motion to re-
consider the vote by which House bill No. 488
was recommitted to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
The SPEAKER. It appears that the bill is not
•now on hand, for some reason or other; and the
Chaitf would suggest to the gentleman to withdraw
his motion for the present, and until the bill shall
be here.
Mr. LOGAN. I will do so if I can get the floor
during the day.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will consider the
gentleman as having a claim to the floor.
CIVIL APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the rules be
suspended, and that the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, to take up bill No. 895, making appro-
priations for certain civil expenses of the Gov-
ernment for the year ending the 30th of June, 1862.
Before that motion is put, I move to make that
bill a special order in committee.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I desire to ask the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means,
whether it is his purpose to allow no general
debate upon any appropriation bills?
Mr. SHERMAN. I have, on two occasions,
proposed to allow debate upon appropriation bills,
and in both cases both sides of the House com-
bined to-vote down the proposition. lam per-
fectly willing to do so whenever the House ex-
presses such a desire. But my impression is that
wo better nothave any general debate until after
we get through our appropriation bills, and then
there will be time for debate.
Mr. BOCOCK. After the appropriation bills
are disposed of, what will there be upon which
general debate will be in order?
Mr. SHERMAN. I think that if we pass the
appropriation bills this week, next week, or the
week after, general debate may be had upon the
report of the committee of thirty-three, or upon the
President's message. I desire to get the appro-
priation bills out of the way.
Mr. CRAWFORD. At what time does the
gentleman propose to take up the Army bill?
Mr. SHERMAN. I shall move to take up the
Navy bill to-day or to-morrow, and the Army
bill immediately after that is disposed of.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I understand, then, that
the gentleman from Ohio intends, during the pres-
ent week, to dispose of the Navy and the Army
appropriation bills.
Mr. SHERMAN. I propose to dispose of them
as rapidly as I can; but the House can control its
own movements.
Mr. CRAWFORD. The gentleman under-
stands very well that, having the power to deny
debate, by calling the previous question upon any
proposition he may make, he can carry the bills
thiough this week; and 1 desire to understand
whether or not we shall have an opportunity to
debate the Army and Navy bills. We want debate
upon one or the other of those bills; and I would
like to have them left open for general debate.
Mr. SHERMAN. As a matter of course we
can debate the details of these bills as we go along;
and 1 think we ought to pass these appropriation
bills before we enter upon general debate.
Mr. REAGAN. The country is in such a con-,
dition now, as, it seems to me, to require that sonic
expression of opinion should be made by the
members of this House 5 and I hope the chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means will leave
the naval appropriation bill open for general de-
bate, at least for a short time. Some of us may
be called away, and we may desire to make some
suggestions before we leave. It seems to me that
the country requires that we should not smother
all general debate.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. I want to call the
attention of the Committee of Ways and Means
to a point connected with the motion he has made
to restrict debate.
Mr. CURTIS. I object to debate.
The SPEAKER. There can be no debate upon
the question if objection is made.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. I ask the gentle-
man to withdraw the motion he has made. The
country looks to the action of this Hou&e; and we
ought to give the country a chance to know what
is going on here.
The motion of Mr. Sherman, to make the bill
a special order, was agreed to.
The question recurred on Mr. Sherman's mo-
tion, that the House resolve itself into the Com-
mittee of the Whole 011 the state of the Union;
and being put, it was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Wholeon the state of the Union,
(Mr. Burnett in the chair,) and proceeded to the
consideration of the special order, being a biH #
(H. R. No. 895) making appropriations for sun- '
dry civil expenses of the Government for the
year ending the 30th of June, 1862.
The bill, at the request of Mr. PHELPS, was
read incxtenso.
The Clerk then proceeded to read it by clauses*
for amendment.
Mr. ELIOT. I move to amend the firstclau'se
of the bill by striking out " $100,000," and in-
serting " $250,000" in lieu thereof; so as to make
it read:
Survey of the coast.—For continuing the survey of the
Atlantic and Gulf coast of the United States', (incfuding
compensation of civilians engaged in the work, and ex-
cluding pay and emoluments of officers of the Army and
Navy, and petty officers and men of the Navy, employed on
the work,) $250,000.
Mr. Chairman, it seems to me that there are
three amendments to this bill which the commit-
tee ought to adopt. The first of them I have just
offered. I have done it because of a communica-
tion which I have received from the Superintend-
ent of the Coast Survey, in which he says that
the estimates made by the Department for this
service have been so much reduced by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means in this bill, that the
operations of his department will be very seri-
ously interfered with. I find, by an examination
of the estimates of the Department, that there are
nine sections of the coast embraced in the first
clause of the bill now under consideration. The
appropriations asked for are: for the northern
part of the coast, $76,000; and for the southern
about one hundred and seventy-four thousand
dollars.
Mr. MAYNARD. I desire to ask the gentle-
man from Massachusetts if he has any idea what
will be the expense of the coast survey, includ-
ing all the expenditures already incurred since thfe
commencement of the work, down to its comple-
tion, so far as any completion was ever contem-
plated ?
Mr. ELIOT. I cannot answer that question.
Mr. MAYNARD. Will it not be mere than
it would cost to pay for the entire amount of the
soil of the country, at the rates at which it is now
held in the market?
Mr. ELIOT. The gentleman from Tennessee
has the same means of information upon the sub-
ject as I have. I cannot reply to that question.
1 was going on ta say that $250,000 is asked for;
$70,000 for the northern coast, and $176,000 for
the southern coast. A detailed estimate is given,
showing how this money is to be expended and
where.
I think, Mr. Chairman, that so long as we have
officers of this Government whose duty it is to
furnish to the Department detailed estimates, "sve
ought not to withhold the appropriations asked
for, unless there is some good reason for with-
holding them.
My object is not so much to have a debate upon
this question as to call upon the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means to say whether
there is, in his judgment, a good reason, and what
that reason is, for withholding the appropriation
asked for. If we are to prosecute this work at
all, we ought to provide the means sufficient, in
the judgment of the Department who have this
matter in charge, to prosecute it successfully and
properly. I desire to ask the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means whether there is
any reason, and if so, what that reason is, for
reducing the estimate from $250,000 to $100,000;
and whether, in the judgment of the Committee
of Ways and Means, the sum of $100,000 would
enable the Coast Survey to continue successfully
the work upon which they are now engaged along
the northern, and especially along the middle and
southern, Atlantic coast ?
Mr. SHERMAN. I supposed the gentleman
from Massachusetts knew very well that there
was a necessity for decreasing the expenditures
of the Government. The Committee of Ways and
Means did not know what to strike at better than
this Coast Survey. We had to choose between a
reduction of the cost of this survey and its entire
suspension. I think that in this period of financial
and political disturbance we had better suspend the
operations of this CoastSurvey. The Committee of
Ways and Means were not, however, prepared for
that radical change, and they agreed to allow one
half of what was asked for, to continue the work
