1258
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 27,
fe full and free conference thereon, agreed to report and do
report as follows:
The House recedes from its fourth amendment striking
out the seventh section of the bill.
The Senate agrees to the seventh amendment of the
House, with the following amendment, to wit: strike out
" twenty," in the second line of the said seventh amend-
ment, and, in lieu thereof, insert "fifteen." And in the
same line, strike out " ten," and insert, in lieu thereof,
"twenty."
The Senate recedes from its non-concurrence in the
House amendment striking out line fouiteen and fifteen,
in section ten, and also from its non-concurrence in the
House amendment striking out the word " twelve," and
inserting the word " ten."
The House recedes from its non-concurrence in the Sen-
ate amendment to the eighth amendment of the House,
striking out the words, "or any new and original design
for the printing of woolen, silk, cotton, or other fabrics, or
any new."
The House recedes from its non-concurrence in the Sen-
ate amendment to section fourteen striking out the word
" of," and inserting, in lieu thereof, the word " and."
On the point of difference in the sixteenth section, the
committee could not agree, and recommend the appoint-
ment of another committee ot cunfciencc on that point.
WILLIAM BIGLER,
HENRY WILSON,
HENRY M. HICE,
Manage s on the part of the Senate.
WILLIAM E. NIBLACK,
C. B. HOARD,
E. B. WASHBURNE,
Managers on the part of the House.
Mr. LOVEJOY. What is the effect of that
report?
The SPEAKER. The committee disagree.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I have a very decided objec-
tion to some of the provisions of that bill. Itpro-
vides for a printing establishment up there; which
is entirely improper, in my judgment.
Mr. PHELPS. I rise to a question of order
respecting; the report that is now submitted from
the committcc of conference. That report is not
an adjustment of the differences between the two
Houses. I would suggest to the gentlemen v*ho
are the managers of the conference upon the part
of the House, thatif they desire to accomplish the
object recommended in their report, they may
move, on their own part, that the House recede
from its action on certain amendments; but I think
the reception of suck a report as this is unprece-
dented.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I cannot, in
the confusion that prevails, understand the point
made by the gentleman from Missouri; and I ask
him to restate it.
Mr. PHELPS. I rose to a question of order,
and submitted thata committee of conference must
settle the matters of disagreement between the two
Houses. If the conferees of the House, however,
choose, they can propose that the House recede
from itsaction in reference to certain amendments,
bo as to reduce the matters of disagreement which
a future committee will have to act upon. It is
perfectly proper for them to do that; but to pre-
sent ns a report a partial agreement only of the
managers of the two Houses, is unprecedented.
It is such a report as I have never seen made in
this House.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. My recol-
lection of the practice of committees of conference
differs from that stated by the gentleman from
Missouri. 1 have a distinct recollection of sev-
eral cases in which the same course has been pur-
sued that the committee have pursued in this case.
I think the Speaker, by reference to the Journals
of the House, will find that such is the case.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands that
the practice has been as stated by the gentleman
from Illinois. The Chair thinks the report is reg-
ular, arid the question is on its adoption.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I call for the yeas and nays
upon the adoption of the report. I think we
ought to know something more about it before we
adopt it.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The report of the committee of conference was
concurred in.
Mr. NIBLACK moved to reconsider the vote
by which the report was concurred in; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. COX. I move that another committee of
conference be appointed upon the remaining dis-
agreement between the two Houses.
The motion was agreed to; and Messrs. Cox,
Frank, and Barr were appointed.
AUGUST BRAZIAN.
On motion of Mr. BARRET, by unanimous con-
sent, leave was granted to withdraw from the files
of the House the papers in the case of August
Brazian for confirmation of his title to lands in
Missouri, for the purpose of presenting the same
in the courts.
MARYLAND CONTESTED ELECTION.
Mr. McKNIGHT. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. I am instructed by the Committee of Elec-
tions to make a report in the case of William P.
Preston, contesting the scat of J Morrison Harris,
from the State of Maryland.
The report was received, laid on the table, and
ordered to be printed.
DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA BUSINESS.
Mr. KILGORE. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. The Committee for the District of Colum-
bia has an immense amount of business. Now,
I want to know whether we are to have any time
set apart for the transaction of this business ? If
not, I desire to know it, and I will make no
further effort for the floor.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman from In-
diana submits a motion, the Chair will put it.
Mr. KILGORE. I move that Friday be set
apart for the transaction of the business of the
District of Columbia.
Mr. MAYNARD. I must object to that. Fri-
day is objection day. We have had but one day
set apart for the transaction of private business
this session, and I object to that day being de-
voted to any other purpose.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I call for the regular order
of business.
Mr. BURNETT. I hope gentlemen upon the
other side of the House will at least give us two
hours of some day for the transaction of the
business of the District.
Mr. THOMAS. I call for the regular order
of business.
DISTURBED CONDITION OF THE COUNTRY.
The SPEAKER. If the regular order of busi-
ness be called for, the Chair decides that the re-
port of the committcc of thirty-three upon the
disturbed condition of the country must be pro-
ceeded with; upon which the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Corwin] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. FLORENCE, Mr. CARTER, and Mr.
BABBITT submitted remarks upon the pending
propositions. [Their remarks will be published
in the Appendix.]
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The previous
question has been ordered; and I submit that no
further debate is in order.
The SPEAKER. No furtherdebate is in order.
The question is first upon the proposition of the
gentleman from California, [Mr. Buitcn.]
The proposition was read, as follows;
Revolved hy the Senate and House of Representatives of
the United States of Jlmcrica in Congress assembled, That it
he, and is hereby, recommended to the several States of the
Union, that they, through their respective Legislatures, re-
quest the Oongiess of the United States to call a convention
of all the States, in accoidance with article fifth of the Con-
stitution, for the purpose of amending said Constitution in
such manner and with regard to such subjects as will more
adequately respond to the want*, and afford more sufficient
guarantees to the diversified and growing interests of the
Government, and of the people composing the same.
Mr. BURNETT. I demand the yeas and nays
upon that amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HUGHES. I wish to ask the Chair, what
will be the effect of the adoption of this amend-
ment in reference to the Crittenden proposition ?
The SPEAKER. It will have no effect one
way or the other. It has nothing to do with the
Crittenden proposition.
[Great confusion prevailed in the House.]
Mr. BRABSON. I ask that no vote shall be
taken until order has been restored in the Hall.
Mr. ADRAIN. I do not wish to interfere with
the presence of strangers who are in the Hall; but
I do submit, that the least that gentlemen can do,
who arc present without being entitled to the priv-
ileges of the House, is to observe silence.
The SPEAKER. The officers of the House
will see that those who are not entitled to the priv-
ileges of the Hall withdraw.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 74, nays 108; as follows:
YEAS—itfe^r*. Green Adams, Adram, William C. An-
derson, Babbitt, Barr, Botclcr, Brnbson, Bnsg5?, Bristow,
Burch, Bninham, Campbell, Coburn, Clark Hi Cochrane,
John Cochrane, Colfax, Cox, Curtis, Duel!, Etlicridge,
Ferry, Fouke, Gilmer, Hall, J. Morrison Harris, John T«
Harris, Hatton,Helmick, Hoard, Holman,WilJiam Howard*
Hughes, Humphrey, Junkin, William Kellogg, Kenyon,
Kiilmgei, Larrabec, James M. Leach, Logan, Looinis?
Mallory, Charles D. Martin, Maynard, McClemand, Mc-
Kenty, MeFherson, Millson, Montgomery, Laban T.Moore,
Edward Joy Morris, Isaac N. Morris, Nixon, Noell, Palmer,
Porter, Quarles, John II. Reynolds, Riggs, James C. Ro'oin-
,gon,Scranton, Sedgwick, Stanton, James A. Stewart, Wil-
liam Stewart, Stokes, Stout, Stratton, Thayer, Waldron3
Webster, Weils, Wood, and Woodruff—74.
NAYS—Messrs. Charles F. Adams, Aldrich, Alloy,
Thomas L. Anderson, Ashley, Barret, Beale, Bingham,
Blair, Biake, Bocock, Branch, Brayton, Brown, Bufiinton,
Burlingamo, Burnett, Butterficld, Carey, Carter, Case,
John B. Clark, Corwin, Covode, James Craig, Burton
Craige, II. Winter Davis, John G. Davis, Dawes, De Jar-
nette, Delano, Dnnmiek, Dunn, Edgerton, Edmuudson,
Edwaids, Eliot, Ely, English, Farnsworth, Fenton, Flor-
ence, Frank, French, Garnett, Gooch, Giaham, Haskm,
Hickman, Hindman, William A. Howard, Hutehiris, Ir-
vine, Jenkins, Francis W. Kellogg, Kilgoie, Kunkrl, Dc-
YVitt C. Leach, Leake, Lee, Longnecker, Lovejov, Mars-
ton, Elbeit S. Martin, MeKean, McKnight, Mooihcad,
Morrill, Morse, Nelson, Niblack, Ohn, Perry, Pettit, Pey-
ton, Pli'elps, Potter, Pottle, Pryor, Edwin R. Reynolds, Rice,
Chiistopher Robinson, Ruffin, Sickles, Snnms, William N".
II. Smith, Somes, Spaulding, Spinner, Stevens, Stevenson,
Tappan, Thomas, Tompkins, Train, Trunble, Vallandig-
ham, Vanec, Wade, Walton, Cadwalader C. Washburn,
Ellihu B. Washburne, Whiteley, Wilson, Windom, Wins-
low, Woodson, and Wright—10a.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
Before the vote was announced,
Mr. CARTER said: If that resolution came
from a slave State, I would vote for it; but as it
is, I vote " no."
Mr. SEDGWICK. I desire constitutional au-
thority to abolish slavery in the States, and there-
fore vote " ay."
Mr. WOODSON. For that reason, I vote
" no."
Mr. BROWN. After the declaration of the gen-
tleman from New York, [Mr. Sedgwick,] that
he wants a national convention called in order to
give the General Government power to abolish
slavery; and from the further fact that I desire
the Crittenden resolutions to be considered by
this House as soon as possible, I vote 44 no."
Mr. McKEAN. Preferring the resolution of
my colleague, [Mr. Fenton,] I vote " no."
Mr. PERRY stated that Mr. Foster was ab-
sent, attending the peace conference.
Mr. SICKLES. I hope gentlemen upon the
other side of the House will repudiate the state-
ment of my colleague, [Mr. Sedgwick.]
Mr. MALLORY. If I believed gentlemen
upon the other side of the House were actuated
by the same sentiment announced by the gentle-
man from New York, [Mr. Sedgwick,] I should
vote against this proposition; but believing that
they are not, and that the holding of such a con-
vention will result in healing our difficulties and
preserving the Union, I vote " ay.'5
Mr. LEACH, of North Carolina. Believing
that any bad motive of any member supporting
this amendment could not influence the patriot-
ism of the country, or effect, m the slightest de-
gree, what the member [Mr. Sedgwick] desired,
and that this amendment looks to peacc, at least
for the present, and hoping that, before adjourn-
ing, the expectation of the country will yet be
met, by the passage of the Crittenden proposition,
I vote iS ay."
Mr. MARTIN, of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I
have steadfastly and uniformly—as I have been
capable—done everything in my power to aid in
preserving the public peace and adjusting our un-
happy differences. Some time ago I introduced
a resolution into this House referring the Critten-
den proposition, as a basis of adjustment, to the
people. The resolution'was objected to by one
of the Republican members.
Now, sir, I would have voted for this amend-
ment, but that I believed it is supported by the
dominant party in the House for the express pur-
pose of preventing anything like a peaceable set-
tlement of our troubles; and I am borne outin this
belief by the remark just made by the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Sedgwick] and others of
that side of the House. I wish to come to a square
and fair vote upon the Crittenden proposition, and
shall cast no vote which will in any way, in my
judgment, retard such a result. Therefore, I vote
" no."
Mr. ENGLISH. 1 am in favor of a conven-
tion, if no better mode can be agreed on for set-
tling our difficulties; but for the present, 1 vote
" no."
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I believe that a
