1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1250
convention fresh from the people would settle our
difficulties. I vote"ay."
Mr. HALE (not being within the bar of the
House when his name was called) asked leave to
vote.
Objection was made.
Mr. CASE. I am willing that a convention
shall be called in the constitutional way. I do not
like the terms of this resolution; but, objection-
able as it is, I would cheerfully vote for it if it
was satisfactory to our southern friends. I see it
is not, and therefore vote " no."
Mr. WILSON. Whenever I am satisfied that
the present Constitution cannot be sustained as it
is, 1 shall be in favor of a national convention.
For the present, I vote " no."
Mr. RUST (not being; within the bar when his
name was called) askea leave to vote.
Mr. McPHERSON objected.
Mr. CLARK, of New York, (not being within
the bar when his name was called,) asked leave to
vote.
Mr. ADRAIN objected.
Mr. FLORENCE. I voted in the negative,
thinking the Crittenden propositions, if adopted,
would be quite sufficient; but I prefer to have my
vote recorded in favor of this proposition. I vote
in the affirmative.
The vote was announced as above recorded.
Mr. BURNETT. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. I move to reconsider the vote just taken,
rejecting the amendment of the gentleman from
California, [Mr. Burch]; and I also move that
the motion to reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. KILGORE. I move that the resolutions
and the pending amendments be laid upon the
tabic.
TARIFF BILL.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House for leave to submit the report
of the committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes between the two Houses on the tariff bill.
It is very brief, and will require no vote on the
part of the House. I trust, therefore, that there
will be no objection.
There was no objection.
Mr. SHERMAN then reported that the com-
mittee of conference on the disagreeing votes of
the two Houses on the bill of the House (No. 838)
to provide for the payment of outstanding Treas-
ury notes, to authorize a loan, to regulate and fix
the duties on imports, and for other purposes,
had met, and, after full and free conference, had
agreed to recommend to the respective Houses as
follows: that the Senate agree to the amendment
of the House to the tenth amendment of the Sen-
ate, as follows;
Strike out the following*
<• Second. On coffee, 1.} cent per pound; on tea, when
impoited from any poit or placp beyond the Cape o( Good
Hope, -i cent* p*;r pound ; when unpoited from any port or
place this s;do of the Cape of Good Hope, other than in the
country wIkmc produced, 4 cents pei pound, and an addi-
tion thcieto of 1U per centum ad valorem: Provided, That
whenevei the Treasury notes and bond? of the United States
winch have been, or shall be, issued under the authority of
any laws orpait-. of laws parsed between the 4th day of
March, A. D. iS57, and the 4th day of March, A. D. 3861,
shall be jedepined and paid, the President of the United
States is hereby authorized to make proclamation that the
aforesaid ai tides ot tea and coffee maybe imported into the
United States exempt and fieo from the specific duties
herein imposed: Piotided, That the duties on tea and cof-
fee hereby imposed shall cease from arid after the 30th of
June, 18tj3."
The report was signed by Messrs. Sherman,
Phelps,and Moorhead,on thepartof the House;
and Messrs. Simmons, Bigler, and Hunter, on
the part of the Senate.
The SPEAKER. No further action is demanded
on the part of the House.
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. THEAKER, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that they had examined, and
found truly enrolled, a hill (H. R. No. 864) mak-
ing appropriations for the consular and diplomatic
expenses of the Govei nment, for the year ending
June 30,1862; when the Speaker signed the same.
STATE OK THE UNION AGAIN.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I want the Chair
to state to the House the exacteffect of the motion
to lay upon the table, submitted by the gentleman
from Indiana, [Mr. Kilgore.] As I understand |
it; if carried, it will lay the whole subject upon
the table, my amendment included.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state to the
House the effect of the motion to lay upon the
table. If agreed to, it will have the effect to lay
upon the table the pending resolutions reported
from the select committee of thirty-three, as well
as the amendments which are pending to it,
namely, the proposition of the gentleman from
Illinois, [Mr. Kellogg,] and what is known as
the Crittenden proposition, moved by the gentle-
man from Virginia, [Mr. Clemens.]
Mr. McCLERNAND. Then this vote must
be regarded as a test vote.
Mr. ASHLEY. I understand that if the mo-
tion to lay upon the table be agreed to, the House
will then be brought to a direct vote upon the
proposition of the gentleman from Tennessee,
[Mr. EtheridgeJ
Mr. KILGORE. I demand the yeas and nays
on my motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. STANTON. I ask for the reading of the
resolutions and the pending amendments, so that
the House may see what it is proposed to lay
upon the table.
The resolutions and amendments were read.
The question was then taken; and it was de-
cided in the negative—yeas 14, nays 179; as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alley, Beale, Buffinton, Carey," Eliot,
Farnsworth, Giow, Kilgore, Potter, Sedgwick, Somes,
Waldron, Cadwalader C. Washburn, and Windom—14.
NAYS—Messrs. Charles F. Adams, Green Adams, Ad-
rain, Aldrlch, Thomas L. Anderson, YViiliam C. Anderson,
Ashley, Avery, Babbitt, Barr, Darret, Bingham, Blake, Bo-
cock, Boteler, Bonligny, Brabson, Branch, Bray ton, Briggs,
Bristow, Brown, Burch, Burlingame, Burnett, Hurnham,
iJutterfield,Campbell,Carter, Case, Horace F. Clark,John
B. Clark. Coburn, Clark B. Cochiane, John Cochrane, Col-
fax, Conkling, Conway, Corwin, Covode,Cox, James Craig,
Burton Craige, Curtis, II. Winter Davis, John G. Davis,
Dawes, De Jaincttc, Delano, Dimmick, Duell, Dunn, Ed-
gerton, Edmundson, Edwards, Ely, English, Ethendge,
Fenton, Ferry, Florence, Fouke, Frank, French, Garnett,
Gilmer, Gooch, Giaham, Gmley, Hale, Hall, Hamilton,
J. Morrison Harris, JohnT. Harris, Ilatton, Uelmick, Hick-
mail, Hindman, Hoard, Holman, William Howard, Wil-
liam A. Howard, Hughes, Humphrey, Ilutehins, Irvine,
Jenkins, Junkin, Francis W. Kellogg, William Kellogg,
Kenyon, Ktllinger, Kunkel, Larrabee, De Witt C. Leach,
James M. Leach, Leake, Lee, Logan, Longneeker, Loo-
mis, Lovejoy, Maclay, Mallory, Marston, Charles D. Mar-
tin, Elbert S. Martin, Maynsird, MeCIernand, McKean,
McKenty, McKnight, McPherson, Millson, Montgomery,
Laban T. Moore, Mooihead, Morrill, Edward Joy Morris,
fsaac N. Morris, Morse, Nelson, Nibfacfc, Nixon, Nocll,
Ohn, Palmer, Perry, Pettit, Peyton, Phelps, Pottle, Pryor,
duarles, Edwin It. Reynolds, John H. Reynolds, Rice,
Riggs, Christopher Robinson, James C. Robinson, Royce,
Ruffin, llusf, Scrauton, Sherman, Sickles, Simms, William
N. II. Smith, Spaulding, Spinner, Stanton, Stevenson,
James A. Stewait, William Stewart, Stokes, Stout, Strat
ton, Tappan, Thayer, Thcaker, Thomas, Tompkiiw, Tram,
Trimble, Vallandigham, Vance. Yenee, Wade, Walton,
ElUlm B. Washburrie, Webster, Wells, Whitelcy, Wilson,
Wiuslow, Wood, Woodruff, Woodson, and Wright—179.
So the House refused to lay the subject upon
the table.
During the vote,
Mr. SHERMAN said: Mr. Speaker, I will be
absent to-day on public business, and I want to
state to the House that I have paired with the
gentleman from Arkansas [Mr. Hindman] on all
propositions, except the Crittenden resolutions,
to which we are both opposed.
The vote was then announced, as above re-
corded.
The SPEAKER. The question next recurs
upon the following proposition of the gentleman
from Illinois, [Mr. Kellogg:]
Strike out all after the word " that," and insert:
The following aiticles be, and are hereby, proposed and
submitted as amendments to the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States, which shall be valid, to all intents and pur-
poses, as part of said Constitution, when ratified by con-
ventions ofthtce fourths of the several States.
Art. 13. That m all the tcmtoiy nowheid by the United
States situate north of latitude 06° 30' involuntary servitude,
except in the punishment foi crime, is prohibited while such
territory shall remain under a territorial government; that
in all the terntoiy now held south of said line, neither
Congress nor any Temtoiial Leeislature shall hinder or
prevent the emigration to said terutory of persons held to
son ice from any State of tin-? Union, when that relation
exi?ts by virtue of any l«iw oru^dcc of such State, while it
shall remain in a territorial condition ; and when any Ter
ritory noith oi south of said line, within such boundaries
as Congress may pu;-cnbe, shall contain the population
iequi&ite for a member of Congiecs, according to the then
Federal latio of lepresenuuion of the, people of the United
States, it may, if its fonn of government be republican, be
admitted into the Union on an equal footing with the ori-
ginal State*, with or without the relation of peisons held to
service and labor, as the constitution of such new State
may provide. !i
Art. 14. That nothing in the Constitution of the United
States, or any amendment thereto, shall be so constniedas
to authorize any department of the Government to in any
manner interfere with the relation of persons field to ser-
vice in any State where that relation exists, nor in any
manner to establish or sustain that relation in any State
where it is prohibited by the laws or constitution of such
State. And that this article shall not be altered or amended
without the consent of every State in the Union.
Art. 15. The third paragraph of the second section of the
fourth article of the Constitution shall be taken and con-
strued to authorize and empower Congress to pass laws ne
cessary to secure the return of persons held to service or
labor under the laws of any State, who may have escaped -
therefrom, to the party to whom such service or labor may
be due.
Art. 16. The migration or importation of persons held
to service or involuntary servitude, into any State, Terri-
tory, or place within the United States, from any place to-
country beyond the limits of the United States or Territo-
ries thereof, is forever prohibited.
Art. 17. No territory beyond the present limits of the
United States and the Territories thereof, shall be annexed
to or be acquired by the United States, unless by treaty,
which treaty shall be ratified by a vote oftwo thirds of the
Senate.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Mr. Speaker, 1
rise for information on a question of order. I
understand that a simple majority vote is suffi-
cient to substitute one proposition for another, or
to order a joint resolution proposing an amend-
ment to the Constitution to an engrossment and
third reading; but that, on the question of final
passage, a two-thirds vote is necessary. Am I
right?
The SPEAKER. The Chair believes the gen-
tleman's statement to be correct.
CIVIL BILL.
Mr. SHERMAN, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee of Ways and Means, reported
back the amendments of the Senate to the civil
appropriation bill, and moved that they be referred
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
The question was taken; and the motion was
agreed to.
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. BLAIR, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that they had examined and found
truly enrolled "An act (S. No. 366) to provide a
temporary government for the Territory of Col-
orado;" when the Speaker signed the same.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Patten, one of its clerks, notifying the
House that that body had passed Senate joint res-
olution (No. 67) authorizing William H. Smiley,
United States commercial agent at Falkland Isl-
ands, to receive a telescope tendered him by the
Belgian Government; in which he was directed
to ask the concurrence of the House.
STATE OP THE UNION AGAIN.
Mr. MA YNARD. Does the proposition of the
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Kelloog] come up
now as a substitute for the proposition of the
gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Clemens,] known
as the Crittenden proposition ?
The SPEAKER, So the Chair understands.
Mr. BURNETT. I demand the yeas and nays.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. 1 propose to
reverse the order of votes. [Cries of "No!"
" Object!"]
Mr. WINSLOW. I object.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. For the present,
I withdraw my proposition. [Cries of" Object!"]
Mr. BURNETT. The previous question has
been ordered, am! it cannot be withdrawn.
Mr. HOWARD, of Michigan. I ask for the
reading of the pending proposition.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I object.
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that the
gentleman from Illinois has the right to withdraw
iiis proposition.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. Then I do with-
draw it.
Mr. HICKMAN. I appeal from that decision
of the Chair.
Mr. KILLINGER. I move that the appeal bo
laid upon the table.
Mr. HICKMAN. On that motion I demand
the yeas and nays.
Mr. MILLSON. I rise to a point of order.
The main question has been ordered; and until
that main question is taken, no member can tako
an appeal from the decision of the Chair. There
can be no dilatory motions entertained to prevent
