1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
299
the persons engaged in it, the material employed
in it, and everything connected with it.
The gentlemen of the Coast Survey service have
stated that, upon the present rate of expenditures,
the survey of the Atlantic and the Gulf coast
would be completed within eight or ten years; and
Congress, for the past five or six years, have been
acting on the idea that such a scale of expend-
iture ought to be pursued, in order that the work
may be brought to a close within the period
fixed.
I hardly suppose that any gentleman contem-
plates the permanent suspension of the work. It
is a work indispensable to the commercial inter-
ests of the country; and the commercial interests
of the country are intimately connected with all
other interests. An increase of insurances oper-
ates unfavorably upon the prices of agricultural
productions. The whole country is interested in
bringing about a state of things that will insure
cheap commerce—that is, cheap transportation,
cheap freights, and cheap insurance.
I do not see anything in the existing condition
of the Treasury, anything in our present affairs,
which calls for this particular reduction of ex-
penditure. I see no special reason why we should
not proceed upon the system which has been
adopted after full discussion and pursued for a
series of years. At every session of Congress
since I have been a member this subject has been
regularly gone over, the same arguments have
been advanced and met, and the Ilouse l*as uni-
formly arrived at the same conclusion; and that
is, to pursue the existing system of expenditure.
I do not myself see, because there is a temporary
suspension of imports and exports, and conse-
quently a temporary reduction of the revenues or
the Government—difficulties which in all human
probability must pass away in a short time—I
say I do not see what occasion there is for sus-
pending this or any other considerable portion
of it. The Committee of Ways and Means pro-
pose to reduce the appropriation to one half of
the usual expenditure. 1 am opposed to it, be-
cause it is opposed to what has been and still is
the settled policy of the Government. We have
acted on that policy, as I have already stated, for
years past. I think that the full appropriation
is essential to the successful prosecution of the
work. At all events, I think in the long run it
will be best to pursue this system of expenditure,
and bring the work to a speedy close.
I do not propose to occupy the time of the com-
mittee unnecessarily. Let the vote be taken. I
will sustain the amendment of the gentleman from
Massachusetts, because it follows the estimates
of the Secretary of the Treasury, and is neces-
sary to carry on the existing arrangements.
Mr. STEVENS, of Washington. Mr. Chair-
man, I propose to occupy the attention of the
committee only for a few moments. I trust that
the amendment of the gentleman from Massachu-
setts will receive the sanction of this committee.
1 am somewhat familiar with the operations of
the Coast Survey, and I am somewhat familiar
with the rigid economy exercised in the applica-
tion of the fund to the special object of the appro- j
priation. I venture to say that in no other de- j
partment of the Government has there been equal I
economy, or equal success in the application of j
the public money. I venture to say that in no j
other service, at home or abroad, has there been
so little diversion to matters purely of an abstract
character. I will go further, and say that no man
can show that there has been the diversion of
one cent of this money to purposes not essential,
not indispensable, to the Coast Survey. We arc
engaged in a survey of the coasts of the United
States, and we have to have celestial observations
to fix points, and a system of triangulations to
connect the points which have thus been fixed.
It is essential to observe the celestial bodies. It is
essential to have observatories. Besides reducing
the expense, the use of the electric telegraph has
vastly increased the accuracy of results. I wish,
sir, that a special committee of this House could
be raised to inquire into the matter; for itwould be
satisfied that the rationale pursued not only does
credit to the eminent chief of the survey, but in-
finite credit to the wisdom and the forecast of this
Government.
Mr. Chairman, in the accomplishment of this
great woik we have secured results which, in
point of economy, are unequaled by any obtained
in Europe. The system of economy has been
strict; and if I were called upon to point to a
bureau in this Government where all the require-
ments of faithful public servants, in respect to
the supervision of the expenditures of the public
money are completely answered, I would pointto
the Coast Survey.
I have risen, sir, simply to make this brief state-
ment. As I observed when I rose, I am very fa-
miliar with the operations of this Coast Survey.
I have followed it for long years. . I know its
progress upon the Atlantic, and upon the Pacific;
and I would consider it a blow at the commercial
prosperity of this country—a blow at the wisdom
and prudence of the Government—if its operations
were even partially suspended. I trust, therefore,
that the amendment of the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts, [Mr. Eliot,] will be agreed to.
Mr. PHELPS. Mr. Chairman, having con-
curred in the recommendation of the Committee
of Ways and Means for the reduction of this ap-
propriation, I will- now briefly state the reasons
which led me to that course. Some twelve or fif-
teen years ago, the expenses of the CoastSurvey
to the Government was from a hundred to a hun-
dred and fifty thousand dollars per annum, and no
more. The* estimates submitted to the House at
this time by the Secretary of the Treasury for the
coast survey of all the coasts of the United States,
together with the incidental expenses connected
therewith, amounts to the sum of $457,800. The
Committee of Ways and Means concluded to re-
duce that amount; and they have reduced the total
estimates for the Coast "Survey to the sum of
$227,800—a reduction of little mo^e than fifty per
cent. The Treasury, twelve or fifteen years ago,
was in a far better condition than it is at this time.
At that time the credit of the United States was
good, and its securities commanded par, or a pre-
mium. At the present time, when your Secretary
of the Treasury invites proposals for the purchase
of §5,000,000 of Treasury notes, you have a tender
of loans of less than three million dollars, and that
at a rate of interest ranging from eight to thirty-
six per cent, per annum; and you are able to ob-
tain the whole sum only at an average interest of
twelve per cent.
Under these circumstances, the Committee of
Ways and Means believed it their duty to curtail
and reduce the expenses of the Government where
ever it could be done, and to endeavor to restore
the expenditures upon this head to what they
formerly were. When the Treasury was over-
flowing; when there was an abundance of money,
every one felt disposed—at least those favorable
to a continuation of the CoastSurvey and its com-
pletion—to appropriate as much money as could
be reasonably expended during the ensuing fiscal
year; and oftentimes we made appropriations
ranging from four hundred and fifty to five hun-
dred thousand dollais. But for the last three
years the Governmenthas been continually in the
market borrowing money. At the same time,
your icvenuc has diminished, and a majority of
this House has evinced their determination, by
giving away the public lands to those who choose
to settle on them, to strike down the receipts of
thcTreasuryduringthe nextfiscal year$3,000,000.
In other words, you did, by that measure, cut
off one twentieth portion of the revenue of the
Government; for the receipts from the sales of
the public lands during the next fiscal year are
estimated at the sum of $3,000,000.
The receipts from the customs for the last three
or four years have been inadequate to meet the
ordinary expenses of the Government; and during
the last two years the debt of the country has
been increased $50,000,000, and we are still bor-
rowing money. The Government is very much
in the condition of an embarrassed merchant. We
have been shinning along by the issue of Treasury
notes, because we could do no better. Even of the
last $'20,000,000 loan proposed to be raised to re-
deem Treasury notes, you have realized less than
$8,000,000 of the $10,000,000 advertised: and the
bidders for the residue have refused to pay the
balance, preferring to forfeit the one per cent,
they paid in on their proposals.
Such being the condition of the finances of our
country, I ask whether it is unwise to reduce the
expenditures to what they were during the admin-
istration of Tyler, or to what they were during
the administration of Polk, and before our coun-
try was engaged in the war with Mexico? But
after the close of that war, the.revenues increased,
under the tariff of 1846; and,#om©six year^ago,
the inquiry was, what skali we do with the surplus?
We were raising more revenue than was suffi- „
cient for the ordinary expenses of the„ Govern-
ment; and the securities of the Government were
bought at sixteen per cent, premium. Now they
are below par. I ask, then, if the committee
is to be reproached because they bring forward
a proposition to reduce the expenses of the Gov-
ernment? I ask if any great distress is to befall
the country if the Coast Survey be prosecuted
in a way not quite so magnificent or so expens-
ive as the last year? I ask if there.is to be any
suffering except to the employes of the Coast
Survey? And they are the men who, during each
session of Congress, when we come to act upon
the appropriation for the continuation of the sur-
vey, throng the hotels and boarding-houses of
Washington, and raise a clamor that we are strik-
ing down the prosecution of a magnificent work.
There is where all complaint comes from. You
would have heard no complaint uttered in this
Hall if it had not been for the employes in the
Coast Survey; I do not say the Superintend-
ent of the Coast Survey, but those connected
with it.
There is still a necessity, if this Government
keeps together, that we go into the market and bor-
row more money; for the Treasury notes we have
authorized to be issued will afford an inadequate
supply for the ordinary and necessary expenses of
carrying on the Government. We must resort to
and negotiate the balance of the loan authorized by
the act of last Congress; and even then, if your
commerce remains in its presentdepressing condi-
tion, we cannot negotiate it except at a ruinous
rate of interest. The only remedy, then, is this:
to reduce the expenditures wherever they can be
properly rcduced. In this particular, I think,
they may well be reduced for the ensuing fiscal
year. I am willing to say, if the Treasury was
full, and there was an abundance of money, I
should feel no disposition to disturb the estimates
of appropriations submitted to us upon this head.
I may furthermore say that, if peace and quiet
can be given to this country and prosperity shall
prevail, at the next session of Congress, un-
der such circumstances, I would be willing to
make additional appropriations for this service
for the ensuing fiscal year, if such appropria-
tions shall be needed, and can be judiciously
expended.
These are the reasons which have induced me,
as a member of the Committee of Ways and
Means, to reduce this appropriation. The reduc-
tion is about fifty per cent, upon the total estimate
submitted to us for the prosecution of this Coast
Survey.
Mr. SHERMAN. For the purpose of limiting
debate to five minutes upon amendments, I move
that, the committee rise.
Mr. PHELPS. 1 would suggest to the gentle-
man from Ohio that, as this debate is legitimate
thus far, and as the whole subject-matter is still
under consideration, he will not close debate
now.
Mr. SHERMAN. My opinion is, that five
minutes' debate would be more serviceable; but I
will not press my motion now.
Mr. FLORENCE. I am sure the gentleman
will have no disposition to close debate upon this
amendment; for I believe the committee is becom-
ing prepared to restore the item to $250,000.
Tne gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Phelps]
has redeemed himself very much in my estima-
tion by saying that if the present appropriation is
not sufficient, he will, in the next Congress—if
there be another Congress—vote for an additional
appropriation.
Mr. HILL. In what respect does he redeem
himself? What is he redeemed from?
Mr. FLORENCE. He shows that he has that
generosity and liberality which a gentleman occu-
pying his position ought to have. The gentleman
nas chosen to refer to the difficulties in the coun-
try. Why, everybody knows that they are po-
litical and not financial difficulties. Everybody
knows that it is in the power of this House to re-
lieve the country of these difficulties within an
hour; and if these difficulties were removed, the
country was never in a more prosperous condition
than ifc*is now. The gentleman talks of the rev-
enues of the Department being reduced. Why?
