THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 9,
Because of this political panic that has swept over
the land. Here is an item that is economical; in"
my judgment, an item that may very well be ap-
propriated, in view of the restoration of peace and
quiet. The Coast Survey has conferred upon the
commerce of the country innumerable and incal-
culable benefits. • It is an economical institution;
saving more to the country than it haa ever cost;
opening up the pathways of the great deep; giving
shelter to the commerce and shipping of the coun-
try; and saving, in intrinsic value* "millions more
than the cost of the survey of the coast. That is
the reason why I do not wish that the work shall
be interrupted. I did not suppose that there was
any institution so free from censure as the Coast
Survey. I have never heard, since I have been
a member of this body, of any hotel influence be-
ing brought to. bear upon members of the House
in this connection. 1 was therefore surprised at
the remarks of the gentleman from Missouri. I
venture my reputation that there is not a depart-
mcntfreerfrompolitical influences than-the Coast
Survey.
Mr. PHELPS. I did not mean to charge that
any political influences controlled the action of
the Superintendent of the Coast Survey or his
employes; but I believe that if we reduce this ap-
propriation, many of those now employed may
be discharged.
Mr. FLORENCE. "Very well, then; it is an
appeal for bread, and I never close my ears to
such an appeal.. I trust that this great Govern-
ment will not turn off its employes at a period
like this. This is a small item of expenditure;
but I believe that it would bo economy to appro-
priate the money necessary to carry on this Coast
Survey.
The question being on Mr. Eliot's amendment,
tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Borch and
Gooch were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 65, noes 59.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MAYNARD obtained the floor.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 suggest to the gentleman
from Tennessee that he yield me the floor, to allow
me to move that the committee rise, for the pur-
pose of stopping the general debate upon this bill.
Mr. MAYNARD. I think that thus far the
debate has been confined pretty closely to the
question before the committee, and that it has been
legitimate debate. I will, however, yield to the
gentleman.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 move that the committee
do now rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Burnett reported that
the Committee of the "Whole on the state of the
Union had, according to order, had under con-
sideration the bill making appropriations for sun-
dry civil expenses of the Government for the year
ending June 30, 1862, and had come to no con-
clusion theieon.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that all debate on
the bill now pending in the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union shall close in five
minutes after the committee shall have resumed
the consideration of the same.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the rules be
suspended, and that the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Tho motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into tho
Committee of the Wholeon the state of tho Union,
(Mr. Burnett in the chair,) and resumed the
consideration of the special order, being the civil
appiopriation bill.
Mr. MAYNARD. I offer the folio wing amend-
ment:
At the end of the amendment last adopted, add as fol-
lows :
To be expended under the direction nf the Bureau of
Ordnance and Ilydiography, the payments to be audited at
the Treasury in the same manner as another expendUuies
of the Government.
The object of the amendment is to put the Coast
Survey under the direction of the Secretary of the
Navy.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I submit
that that amendment proposes to change«the ex-
isting law, and is therefore out of order.
Mr. MAYNARD. What existing law does it
change ?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The law
which confines the appropriation to the channel
in which it now is.
Mr. MAYNARD. I suggest to the Chair that
in making appropriations we certainly have a right
to say in what manner particular money should
be expended.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Where the
lawprovidesthat.an appropriation shallgo through
a certain channel, the appropriation cannot be di-
verted from that channel without a change of the
law.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order, and rules the amendment out of
order.
Mr. MAYNARD. I then oiler the following
amendment, to come in at the end of the clause:
And the payments to be audited at tho Treasury in the
same manner as other expenditures of the Government.
I do not propose to dwell upon that amend-
ment. Its character is sufficiently obvious from
the terms in which it is couched. I submit it to
tho good sense of the committee.
Mr. ELIOT. My objection to the amendment
is, that it contains a censure upon one of the De-
partments of the Government which, it seems to
me, ought not to be cast. There is, however, a
disposition on this side of the House to vote at
once; and I will not, therefore, detain thS com-
mittee by any further remarks.
Tellers were ordered on the amendment; and
Messrs. Harris, of Virginia, and Colfax, were
appointed.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope the gentleman from
Tennessee will tell us how these accounts are
audited now.
Mr. MAYNARD. They are simply audited
by the Superintendent of the Coast Survey.
The committee proceeded to divide; and the
tellers reported eleven in the affirmative.
Mr. MAYNARD. In order to prevent the
breaking up of the committee, I will withdraw
my amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman has a right
to withdraw it.
Mr. HOUSTON. Can the gentleman with-
draw his amendment while the committee is divid-
in g?
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman certainly
lias the right to withdraw it.
Mr. MAYNARD. I withdraw it, because I
see that it will be voted down by an immense ma-
jority, and no possible good can arise from press-
ing it.
Mr. HOUSTON. I renew the amendment; and
I say to the gentleman from Tennessee, and to the
committee, that if the expenditures of this de-
partment are not now audited as the expenditures
mother dcpartmcntsand bureausare, this amend-
ment ought to be agreed to ?
Mr. ELIOT. I rise to a point of order. I in-
quire whether this debate is in order?
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Ala-
bama offers an amendment; and he certainly has
a right to speak to it for five minutes.
Mr. HOUSTON. I repeat, that if it be true that
the expenditures in the department of the Coast
Survey are not audited and passed upon precisely
as the expenditures of other departments and bu-
reaus of the Governmentare,they certainly ought
to be. In that event this amendment ought to be
agreed to. I do not know that such is or is not
the case; but I take it for granted that the gentle-
man from Tennessee, [Mr. Maynwrd,] when he
offered his amendment) had looked into that sub-
ject. If so, and if the accounts of the Coast Sur-
vey arc not audited at the Treasury, then I be-
lieve there ought to be a vote of the committee and
of the House upon it. I do not, therefore, intend
to withdraw my amendment, unless I am satisfied
that there is a quorum present. I have two ob-
jects in view m renewing this amendment. One is,
that I think the amendment ought to be agreed to.
The other is, that if there be no quorum of the
committee present, I am opposed to the adoption
or rejection of important propositions by less than
a quorum of members.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am opposed to the amend-
ment.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I think that, if the statement
made is correct, the amendment ought to be agreed
to. It is a question of fact as to whether the ac-
counts of the Coast Survey are or are not audited
as the accounts of other Departments.
Mr. MAYNARD. I would not have intro-
duced the resolution causelessly. If the accounts
are not audited at theTreasury, they ought to be;
and this amendment should be agreed to.
Mr. HOUSTON. I hope the gentleman from
Tennessee will state whether he has looked into
the matter, and whether these accounts areaudited
at the Treasury. If they are not, this amend-
ment should pass. If they are, I shall withdraw
it.
Mr. MAYNARD. My information is, that the
accounts are not audited at the Treasury.
Mr. ELIOT. I ask simply to have an answer
from the gentleman from Tennessee. I do not
understand him to say that he has himself made
examination into this matter.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair respectfully
suggests to the gentleman from Massachusetts
that all this is out of order, debate on the amend-
ment being exhausted, unless the gentleman offers
an amendment.
Mr. ELIOT. No, sir. I do not want to offer
an amendment.
The question was taken on Mr. Houston's
amendment; and it was not agreed to.
Mr. ELIOT. I move to amend the fifteenth
line, by striking out " $70,000," and inserting in
lieu thereof " $s130,000;" so that the clause will
read:
For continuing th« survey of the western coast of the
United States, including the compensation of civilians en-
gaged m the work, $130,000.
I understand that several gentlemen, members
of the committee, have voted on the amendment
just now adopted, under the apprehension that
the amendment itself called for an appropriation
which was larger than the sum asked for by the
proper officers, and under the impression that I
had asked that the appropriation shouTd be in-
creased on our own responsibility. I desire co
say, both in regard to that amendment and to the
one which I have just now offered, that the prop-
osition was made because it is believed by the
Department having this business in charge that
theamountof $130,000 is the least sum thatshould
be appropriated by Congress to the work at this
time. This $130,000 is required for the purpose
of continuing the work on the coast of Oregon
and of Washington Territory. The Committee
of Ways and Means have reduced thatamount to
$70,000; and the question is, whether this com-
mittee will appropriate the sum that is believed
to be necessary by the Department, or will reduce
the amount for the reasons assigned in the dis-
cussion on the previous amendment. I do not
feel disposed to go into that debate again. I de-
signed to reply to some suggestions that fell from
gentlemen, in regard to the state of theTreasury,
in regard to the difficulty of getting money, and
in regard to the state of the times; but it seems to
me that these suggestions found sufficient and
complete answer on the other side of the House.
We all know well enough that the trouble is not
that there is no money to be had, but that there
is no confidence in the Government. That is why
the securities of the Government have been selling
at the discount stated by the gentleman from Mis-
souri, [Mr. Phelps.] It is not that there is any
lack of means. Let confidence he restored, and
there never has been a moment when the Govern-
ment could command, more easily than now, all
the money that is needed for all proper purposes.
Mr. PHELPS. I desire to ask the gentleman
from Massachusetts whether he believes that con-
fidence will be restored before the close of this
session of Congress?
Mr. ELIOT. I cannot answer that. I think
that, if wc all do our duty fairly and faithfully
and justly, some way will be found by which the
Government can be carried on, and the confidence
of the people restored to it. Let that come, and
money will come in abundance. The only ques-
tion now is, whether that is a reason for reducing
by one half the appropriation asked for this pur-
pose. It seems to mc that, unless there be some
better reasons assigned than those which we have
heard, the committee is prepared to sustain the
Government in its call for this appropriation.
Mr. MAYNARD. I shall notconsume much
time, especially after the vote which has been
taken in regard to the former amendment pro-
posed; but I will ask gentlemen before they vote
