1262
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 27/
one of their clerks, announced that the Senate had
agreed to the report of the committee of conference
on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses on the
amendments of the Senate to the bill (H. II. No.
33S) to provide for the payment of outstanding
Treasury notes, to authorize a loan, to regulate
and fix the duties on imports, and for other pur-
poses; and had receded from their disagreement
to the amendment of the House to the tenth
amendment of the Senate to said bill.
The question was then taken on Mr. Sher-
man's motion; and it was decided in the negative
—yeas 66, nays 126; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alley, Ashley, Avery, Beale, Bingham,
Blair, Biake, Branch, Buffinton, Burlingame, Burnett,
Butterfield, Carey, Case, Comvay, Covode, BuitonCraige,
Dawes, De Jarnette, Duel!, Edgerton, Edmundson, Eliot,
Famsvvorth, Fenton, Garnett, Gooch.Grow, Gurley, Hick-
man, Hindman, Hughes, Hutchins, Jenkins, Kunkel, Do-
Witt C. Leach, Leake, Lovejoy, McKean, Potter, Pryor,
Edwin It. Reynolds, ltuffin, Rust, Sedgwick, Sherman,
William Smith, Somes, Spinner, Tappan, Thomas, Tomp-
kins, Train, Vaiulever, Van Wyck, Wade,\Valdron,Walton,
Cadwalader C. Washburn, Eihhu B. Washburne, Wells,
Wluteley, Wilson, Windoin, Winslow, and Wright—66.
NAYS—Messrs. Charles F. Adams, Green Adam*, Ad-
rain, Aldrich, William C. Anderson, Babbitt, Barr, Barret,
Boteler, Brabson, Brayton, Briggs, Bristow, Brown, Burch,
Burnham, Campbell, Carter, Horace F. Clark, John B.
Clark, Coburn, Clark B. Cochrane, John Cochrane, Colfax,
Conkling, Corwin, Cox, James Craig, H. Winter Davis,
John G. Davis, Delano, Dmimiek, Dunn, Edwards, Ely,
English, Etheridge, Ferry, Florence, Foster, Fouke, Frank,
Gilmer,Graham, Hale, Hall, Hamilton, J. Moirison Harris,
JohnT. Harris, flatton,Ilelmick, Hoard,Holman, William
Bowaidj William A. Howard, Humphrey, Iivine, Junkin,
Francis W. Kellogg, Kenyon, Kilgore, Killinger, Larrabee,
James M. Leach, Lee, Logan, Longnecker, Loomis, Ma-
clay. Mallory, Marston, Charles D. Martin, Elbeit S. Mar-
tin, Maynard, McClernand, McKenty, MeKmglit, MePher
son, Millson, Montgomery, Laban T. Moore, Mooihead,
Morull, Edward Joy Morns, Isaac N. Morns, Morse, Nel-
son, Niblack, Nixon, Noell, Oluu Palnv-r, Perry, Pcttit,
Peyton, Phelps, Porter, Pottle, Qnailes, John H. Reynolds,
Rice, Ricgs, Christopher Robinson, James C. Robinson,
ltoycc, Scranton, Sickles, Simms, William N. II. Smith,
Sp.iuidms , Stanton, Stevens, Stevenson, James A. Stow-
ait, William Stewart, Stokes, Stout, Stratton, Thayer,
Tiimble, Vallandigham, Vance, Verree, Webster, Wood,
and Woodruff—126.
So the House refused to lay the resolutions
upon the table.
During; the roll-call,
Mr. &UARLES (when his name was called)
said: I vote against laying this entire series of
resolutions on the table, as there are ra^ny of
them which I approve; but I must and do protest
. against the passage of the third resolution in the
series. I can'never vote for it, sir, as the doctrine
of that resolution places slavery in the States en-
tirely without the pale of the Constitution of the
United States.
Mr. CRA1G&, of North Carolina, (when his
name was called,) said: Believing these resolu-
tions to be a delusion and a snare, intended to,
cheat the border slave States, I vote " ay "
Mr. SIMMS (when his name was caJio'd) said:
I shall vote against laying the resolutions upon the
table; but I protest against the resolution indorsing
the doctrine of coercion.
Mr. BURNETT (when his name was called)
said: These resolutions are simply declaratory,
and nothing else. I cannot vote for them, be-
cause they will not satisfy my people. I there-
foie vote to lay them upon the table.
The result of the vote was announced as above
recorded.
Mr. McCLERNAND. I wish to state that I
understand there is on the Speaker's table a com-
munication from the president of the peace con-
ference. I ask the unanimous consent of the
House that it be taken up and read.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I object.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I understand that
the first and last of the resolutions in this series,
as printed in ihc report, are not before the House.
Am I right? I understand that they are simply
resolutions that-were passed by the committee for
their own guidance.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman
from Ohio is correct.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I ask that the joint
resolutions be consulted on that point.
Mr. SHERMAN. The resolutions show them-
selves.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. The resolutions
show that th^y are all before the House.
Mr. CORWIN. I will state to the gentleman
from New York, as I have already stated to the
House, that there was a mistake made by the
Clerk as to the order in which they were printed.
I hope the House will not order the yeas and
nays on these i*esolutions, but that they will be
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I do not want the
yeas and nays on them.
Mr. CORWIN. I call for the question on the
resolutions.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is
on ordering the resolutions to be engrossed and
read a third time.
Mr. McCLERNAND. On that I call for the
yeas and nays.
Mr. HICKMAN. I call fortellerson ordering
the yeas and nays.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I rise to make an
inquiry. If the resolutions be ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time, will there not be
another vote on their passage ?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Certainly.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Then I suggest
that we defer taking the vote by yeas and nays
till we come to vote on the passage of the resolu-
tions.
Mr. CORWIN. No one wants the yeas and
nays except on the passage of the resolutions.
Mr. McCLERNAND. I withdraw the call for
the yeas and nays.
Mr. WINSLOW. Did I understand the Chair
to decide that the resolutions cannot be divided ?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair has
so dccided.
Mr. BARPt. I object to any gentleman making
a motion now.
Mr. WINSLOW. I believe I have the floor.
I want to undeistand whether the Chair bases
that decision on the fact that the previous ques-
tion has boon called.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair bases
it on the fact that these are a series of resolutions
connected together like the several sections of a
bill, and therefore indivisible.
Mr. WINSLOW. But in case of one ofthose
being stricken out, the others can stand mdc-
The SPEAKER pro tempore. There is but one
enacting clause, and it embraces all the resolu-
tions.
Mr. AVINSLOW. I submit to the Chair that
the rule is, that any proposition can be divided
where the striking out of a part, on which a sep-
arate vote is called, will leave the rest an inde-
pendent and substantial proposition. And the
Speaker will recollect that, before the previous
question was called, I asked for a division of the
question; and he decided that it should be had.
Mr. COX. In the case of a joint resolution,
there cannot be a division.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair under-
stands that the proposition of the gentleman from
North Carolina is applicable to a simple resolu-
tion of the House, but not a series of resolutions,
composing one joint resolution, like this now
before the House.
Mr. HICKMAN. I call for the yeas and nays
on ordering the resolutions to be engrossed and
read a third time.
Mr. GROW. I hope the yeas and nays will
not be ordered on engrossing. There is no use m
using up the time of the House in this way.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I hope the House will order
the yeas and nays, and give them every tim^
Mr. BOCOCK. I rise to a question of order.
I understand these are joint resolutions, to be
passed by the Senate ana House of Representa-
tives. The first resolution purports to be a sim-
ple resolution of the House merely. I under-
stand that to be in the nature of a preamble.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. That is not be-
fore the House at this time.
Mr. BURNETT. If I understand the pending
proposition, it is the declaratory resolutions of
the series first.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman
from Kentucky is correct in his understanding.
Mr. BURNETT. Then I desire to make an
inquiry of the Chair. These are separate and
distinct resolutions containing declarations of sep-
arate and distinct propositions. Can we not have
separate votes upon them?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. At this stage in
the passage of bills and joint resolutions there
may be, by a special rule, a division called on
questions of internal improvement, but on no
others.
Mr. BURNETT. The gentleman from North
Carolina having called for a division, and the res-
olutions containing separate and distinct proposi-
tions, I hold that we have a right to vote on each
of these resolutions.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. If the previous
question was not operating, the gentleman might
obtain his object by moving an amendment to
strike out any one of the resolutions.
Mr. SICKLES. Is it in order to make such a
motion now ?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The previous
question cuts off such a motion at this stage of the
question.
M,i\ SIMMS. I rise to a pointof order. I wish
to make this inquiry of the Chair: cannot a divis-
ion of the question be had by consent ofthe House?
I am willing to vote on each proposition?andsup-
pose that every member of the House wishes to
vote intelligently on all the propositions. I sup-
pose that, by common consent, a division can oe
had. Am I correct?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Yes, by unani-
mous consent.
Mr. BINGHAM and others objected.
The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed ,and read a third time; and being engrossed,
it was accordingly read the third time.
Mr. KUNKEL. I now call for a division of
the resolutions.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair has
dccided that they arc not divisible.
Mr. KUNKEL. I understand that the previous
question exhausts itself with the engrossment and
third reading.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The opinion of
the Chair was based on the character of the sub-
ject-matter, as well as on the fact that the previous
question was operating.
Mr. CORWIN. I move the previous question
on the passage of the resolution.
Mr. BURNETT, i hope the gentleman from
Ohio will give us a separate vote on these resolu-
tions.
Mr. CORWIN. If they can be divided, I have
no objection, so far as I am concerned.
Mr. BURNETT. There are some of these
resolutions which I am willing to vote for; but
there are some, which from the obscure language
in which they are couched, I cannot vote for.
Several Members objected to debate.
Mr. KUNKEL. I submit the point of order
that, before the previous question was demanded
on the passage of the resolutions by the gentle-
man from Ohio, I called for a division of the
question.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair has
decided that the resolutions are not subject to
division. Does the gentleman from Maryland
appeal from the decision of the Chair?
Mr. KUNKEL. I do appeal.
Mr. MAYNARD. I insist that the appeal is
taken too late. I understand the Chair to have
made that decision ten minutes ago.
The SPEAKER pro tempore* The Chair has
made his point anew at a different stage.
Mr. BINGHAM. I move to lay the appeal
from the decision of the Chair on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
The question recurred on seconding the pre-
vious question.
Mr. BURNETT called for tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
Mr. BRANCH. I rise to make a motion,
which I take to be always in order. I move, as
the only mode of expressing my dissent from a
certain portion of this resolution, to lay on the
table the following resolution:
Resolved, That it is the duty of the Federal Government
to enforcc the Federal laws, protect the Federal property,
and preserve the Union of these States.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman
can move to lay the whole subject on the table,
but not a part.
Mr. BRANCH. I move to lay this part of it
on the table; and I take it for granted that carries
the whole series with it. But I have a right to
confine my motion to these three lines. The effcct
may be as the Chair states; but still I make that
motion.
Mr. HICKMAN. I rise to a question of order.
I submit that, to admit such a motion would be
equivalent to an amendment, which is not in
order under the operation of the previous question.
