1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1263
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair sus-
tains the question of order; and decides the mo-
tion of the gentleman from North Carolina to be
out of order.
The previous question was seconded; and the
.main question was ordered to be put.
Mr. COX. I call for the yeas and nays upon
the passage of the joint resolution.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—ayes 136, nays 53; as follows:
YEAS—Mes^n. Charles P. Adams, Green Adams, Ad-
rain, Aldrich, William C.Anderson, Babbitt. Barret, Bealc,
Boteler, 13rabson, Brayton, Briggs, Bristow, Brown, Bureh,
Burnett, Burnhum, Butterfield, Campbell, Carter, John 15.
Claik, Coburn, Clark B. Cochrane, John Cochrane, Colfax,
Conkiing, Corwin, Covodc, Co.\, James Craig, II. Winter
Davis, John G. Davis, Delano, Dunimck, Dunn, Edwards,
Ely, English, Etheridge, Fain&woith, Feriy, Fo&ter, Fouke,
French, Gilmer, Graham, Grow, Gurley, Hale, Hall, Ham-
ilton, J. Morrison Harns, John T. Hams, Haskm, Hatton,
Heimick, Hoaid, Holman, William Howard, William A.
Howard, Humphrey, Irvine, Junkin, Fiancis W. Kellogg,
William Kellogg, Kenyon, Kilgore, Killiuger, Larrabee,
James M. Leach, Lee, Logan, Longneckcr, Loomis> Ma-
clay, Mallory, Marston, Clwules D. Martin, IVJayiwird, Mc-
Clernand, MelOan, McKontv, MeKnight, McPherson,
Millson, Montgomery, Laban T. Moore," Moorhead, Mor-
rill, Edward Joy Morris, Isaac N. Morris, Morse, Nelson,
Niblack, Nixon, Noell, Ohn, Palmer, Peny, Pettit, Peyton,
Phelps, Porter, Pottle, Quailes, John II. Reynolds, Rice,
Riggs, Christopher Robinson, James C. Robinson, lloyce,
Scranton, Sherman, Sicklcs>, Simm*, William N. II. Smith,
Spaukting, Stanton, Stevenson, WTiMiam Stewart, Stoke?,
Stout, Stratton, Thayer, Tompkins,'Train, Trimble,'Vallun-
digham, Vance, Veiree, Waldron, Walton, Webster, Wil-
son, Wmdom, Wood, and Woodruff—136.
NAYS—Messrs. Alley, Ashley, Avery, Bingham, Blair,
Blake, Bocock, Branch, Buffinton, Burlingame, Carey,
Ca^e, Conway, Burton Craige, Dawes, Dp Jamette. Duell,
Edmundsori, Eliot, Feriton, Garnett, Gooch, Hickman,
Hindrnan, Hughes, Hutching Jenkins, DeWitt C. Loach,
Leake, Lovejoy, Elbert S.Mai tin, Potter, Prjot, Edwin R.
Reynolds, Ruffin, Ilust, Scdsiwick, William Smith, Some,
Spinner, Stevens, James A. Stewart, Tappan, Thomas,
Vandevpr, Van Wyck, Wade. Cadwalader C. Washburn,
Wells, Whiteley, Win-low, and Woodson—53.
So the joint resolutions were passed.
Before the vote was announced,
Mr. BRABSON said: If I am permitted to ex-
plain my vote, I will say that, as a general prop-
osition, I believe it is the duty of this Government
to enforce the laws; but, under present circum-
stances, I believe that it would bo. very impru-
dent, very improper, and dangerous to the liber-
ties of the American people to enforce the laws
against the seceding States. With that explana-
tion I vote " ay."
Mr. BURCH. The last resolution makes a
declaration of fact which I know nothing about,
and therefore cannot indorse. With that expla-
nation I vote " ay."
Mr. BURNETT. I am willing to vote for
these declaratory resolutions with the exception
of the fourth, the eighth, and the last; but being
compelled to vote upon the series as a whole,
protesting against the resolutions I have named,
I vote " ay."
Mr. LEACH, of North Carolina. Protesting
against the third resolution, as not recognizing
property in slaves under the Constitution, in ex-
press terms; as also against any expression in
the seventh resolution that might be construed into
a right to cpcrce a State, I vote " ay."
Mr. GlUARLES said: I desired, sir, that this
series of resolutions should be divided, so as to
take a separate vote on each one; but the Chair
having decided they were indivisible, and must
be voted on as a whole, I again protest against
the passage of the third resolution, and any sup-
posed construction of the seventh resolution m
the series, which would commit me to the doctrine
that the Gcneial Government has the right, by
armed force, to make war upon, or subjugate any
one of the States of the Union. Most of the res-
olutions I heartily indorse. I vote "yea."
Mr. TOMPKINS. I object to all these inter-
ruptions.
Mr. HARRIS, of Virginia. Construing these
resolutions to have no reference to coercion, I
vote "ay."
Mr. VANCE. Protesting against two of this
series of resolutions, but having no opportunity
of voting on them separately, I vote "ay."
Mr. WOODSON. Do X understand there can
be no division of these resolutions?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair has
so decided.
Mr. WOODSON. I have just come into the
House, and 1 want information. Am I bound to
vote for the resolutions or against them, as a whole?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is
on the passage of the scries of resolutions.
Mr. WOODSON. For the reason that I can-
not indorse or subscribe to some of these resolu-
tions, I vote " no."
Mr. SIMMS. I do not indorse all the resolu-
tions upon which I am now required to vote. The
chairman of the committee having decided incor-
rectly, as I believe, that we are not entitled to a
division of the question, while I shall record
my vote in the affirmative, I shall do it protesting
against two of the resolutions, especially the one
in reference to coercion. That doctrine I never
will vote for or sustain, either here or elsewhere.
While I live, my hands shall never be stained
with a brother's blood; nor shall civil war ever
be inaugurated in this land by my consent.
Mr. GRAHAM. Not concurring in the first
of these resolutions, I still vote for them as a
whole.
Mr. TAPPAN. I concur in most of the res-
olutions of this series; but inasmuch as I cannot
have them divided, I vote " no." «
Mr. FLORENCE. Adoptingthe good in these
resolutions, and rejecting the bad; regardingthem
as unsubstantial in their character; still, as they
contain many good declarations, I will vote in the
affirmative.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman
is out of order.
Mr. CARTER. Protesting against some of
theexpressions in these resolutions, I vote " ay."
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Debate is not in
order.
Mr. BROWN. Having other objections to the
resolutions, and especially protesting against such
of them as seem to favor coercion, but approving
them in the main, I vote " ay."
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Am I permitted
to quality my vote ?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. No debate is in
order.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I answer, that I
do not propose to debate. I simply propound the
question to the Chair, whether I may be permit-
ted to qualify my vote ?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Nothing is in
order but to vote.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I ask the unani-
mous consent of the House to qualify my vote.
Several Members objected.
Mr. SMITH, of North Carolina. Protesting
against the coercion clause of one of these reso-
lutions, I vote " ay."
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. The gentleman
from North Carolina is out of order; but I think
the same thing. [Laughter.]
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I am for some of these
resolutions and against others.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Debate is not
in order.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I know all about that.
I desire to be excused from voting.
The SPEAKERp-o tempore. Itisnotin order
to move to be excused from voting during a call
of the roll.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Well, sir, I will just
state that I am for some of those resolutions, and
against some of them; but I am for more than I
am against.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman
is out of order.
The vote was announced as above recorded.
Mr. McCLERNAND moved to reconsider the
vote by which the joint resolutions were passed;
and also moved to lay the motion to reconsider
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
\ SLAVERY IN THE STATES.
The SPEAKER stated the next business in
order to be the joint resolution to amend the Con-
stitution of the United States, reported by the
select committee of thirty-three.
The resolution was read a first and second time.
The joint resolution was read, as follows:
Be it j csolvcl by the Senate and House of Representative*
of the United Stales of Jlmo iea in Confess assembled, {two
thirds of bolh llou^ohooncuuina;,) That the fallowing article
be proposed to the Legislature* of the t*e.verai States as an
amendment to the Constitution of*he United States, wind),
when ratified by three fouiths of said Legislatures, shall he
valid,to all intents and puiposes,as a part of the said Con-
stitution, namely:
Art. i2. No amendment of this Constitution having
for its object any interference within tho States with the
relation between their citizens and those described in sec-
tion second of the first article of the Constitution as "all
other persons," shall originate with any State that does not
recognize that relation within its own limits', or-shall be
valid without the assent of every one of the States com-
posing the Union.
Mr. CORWIN. Before the previous question '
is called upon the engrossment and third reading
of the joint resolution, I propose to submit the
amendment which I proposed the other day.
Mr. TAPPAN. I wish to make an inquiry of
the Chair, with the permission of the gentleman
from Ohio. [Cries of " Object!"]
The amendment was read, as follows:
Strike out the amendment proposed In the joint resolu-
tion, and insert, in lieu thereof, as follows:
Art. 12. No amendment shall be made to the Coustitu-.
tion which will authorize or give to Congress the power to
abolish or interfere, witlun any State, with the domestic
institutions thereof, including that of persons held to labor
or service by the laws of said State.
Mr. TAPPAN. Now I want to inquire whether
the Chair decides that, if the previous question is
not seconded, I can then be allowed to offer a sub-
stitute for the joint resolution?
The SPEAI1ER pro tempore. Amendments will
be in order, in case the previous question is not
sustained.
Mr. TAPPAN. Then I hope the call for the
previous question will be voted down.
Mr. HICKMAN. I move to lay the resolu-
tion on the table; and upon that motion I demand
the yeas and nays.
Mr. KILGORE. I rise to a question of order.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair will
state the business before the House. The question
is on ordering the joint resolution to be engrossed
and read a third time. The gentleman from Ohio '
has submitted an amendment, and called the pre-
vious question. Pending the call for the previous
question, the gentleman from Pennsylvania moves
to lay the whole subject on the table, and calls
the yeas and nays upon that motion.
Mr. KILGORE. My point of order is, that
the gentleman from Ohio, who has control of this
matter, offered an amendment a few days ago,
when it was not in order, because the resolution
was not before the House; he now states that he
offered an amendment the other day and calls the
previous question.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman
from Ohio has offered an amendment.
Mr. KILGORE. 1 will submit to the gentle-
man from Ohio himself whether he did not make
precisely the statement I have made. My point
of order is this: that, unless he offered the amend-
ment when it was in order, it is not now legiti-
mately before the House.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair under-
stands the usual parliamentary courtesy to be,
that the gentleman from Ohio, chairman of the
select committee of thirty-three, should be"rec-
ognized under such circumstances. The Chair
understood the gentleman from Ohio to offer an
amendment. If he did not offer an amendment,
he will say so.
Mr. KILGORE. I appeal to the gentleman
from Ohio to state whether my statement is not
correct.
Mr. CORWIN. I certainly did offer an amend-
ment.
Mr. GROW. Let me make a suggestion. A
vote can be taken on the proposition of the mi-
nority of the committee without in any waj being
considered as a substitute for that of the majority.
I trust, therefore, that a vote will be given on it.
Mr. KILGORE. I do not yield the floor.
[Cries of " Vote !" " Vote !"]
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. I object to any
further discussion.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I call to order.
We of this side are in order now, while those on
the other side are exceedingly confused and dis-
orderly. [Laughter.]
Mr. GROW. Let me make my statement.
Let us have avole on the proposition of ihe gen-
tleman from Ohio, and then upon that of the gen-
tleman from Now Hampshire. That will avoid
the present difficulty.
Mr. TAPPAN. I object to this debate.
Mr. KILGORE. Who has the floor?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Debate is not in
order, the previous question having been called.
The question then recurred on ordering the yeas
and nays on Mr. Hickman's motion to lay upon
the table.
