THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, I). C.
Thirty-Sixth Congress, 2d Session.
FRIDAY, MARCH X, 1861.
- NewJSemes No. 8j). .
Mr. BINGHAM. Before he made the motion
to adjourn,'I moved to lay the motion to recon-
sider upon the table.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. Before the gen-
tleman from Ohio moved to lay the motion to
reconsider on the table, I called for the yeas and
nays.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the motion
to adjourn must be put.
Mr. HICKMAN. I rise to a question which
takes precedence. 1 move that when this House
adjourns to-day, it adjourn to meet on Saturday
next; and upon that motion I demand the yeas
ajfid,nays, and ask for tellers upon the yeas and
nays.
Mr. ASHLEY, If gentlemen want to fili-
buster, let them have it.
Mr. BINGHAM. 1 rise to a question of order.
Before that motion is put, I ask the Speaker to
decide whether I was riot entitled to the floor when
I rose and addressed the Chair, immediately after
the gentleman from Indiana made lus motion to
reconsider?
The SPEAKER. The Chair recognized no
one but the gentleman from Indiana.
Mr. BINGHAM. I ask the Speaker whether
he recognized the gentleman from Indiana to make
a second motion before lie yielded the floor?
The SPEAKER. He did.
Tellers 011 the yeas and nays were ordered;
and Messrs. Hickman, and Harris of Maryland,
were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 25, noes 110.
So the yeas and nays were not ordered, (one
fifth not voting in favor thereof.)
Mr. PHELPS. This filhbustering will tend to
defeat the appropriation bills and every other
measure of useful legislation.
The motion to adjourn over was not agreed to.
Oil the motion to adjourn,
Mr. BARR demanded the yeas and nays.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I desire to ask the
gentleman from Indiana why he wants to adjourn ?
Is it that he may manipulate members?
Tellers upon the yeas and nays were ordered;
andMessrs. Lovejoy, and Howard of Ohio, were
appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes thirty-three, noes not counted.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was put; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 92, nays 90; as follows:
YEAS—Me:-s-r . Gjccu Adams, Adrain, William C. An-
derson. Bair. r?aru*t, Hoeoek, KntPlor, Houhgny, Brah«on,
Branch, Bnggs, Briatow, Brown, Burnett, fcurnlum, lloi-
ace F. Claik, John 13. Cla?k, Claik B. Cochiane, Joim
Cochiane, Conklmg, Corwm, Cox, James Cranr, Curtis,
IL Winter Davis John Davis, Duell, Dunn, Edmund-
son, Ethcndge, Florence, Foster, Fouke, Gilmer, Giaham,
Hamilton, 3'. Alornson Harris:, John T. Harris, Ilatton,
Hoard, Holman, William Howard, William A. Howard,
Hughes. Jenkins, William Kcilosg, Kenyon, Kunkel, Lar-
rabee, James M. Leach. Logan, Longneckcr, Mailory,
Charles D. Martin, Elbeit Martin, May naid. Medium and,
MeKenty, McKmglit. McPher^on, Million. 'Montgomery,
Laban T. Moore, Isaac jN.Moiris, Moi.-e, Nelson, Nixon,
Noell, Ohn, Peyton, Phelps, Q,iiarles,Itigg^,Janieb C. Rob-
inson, lluthn, tfcraiiton, riickles, Snnni^, William N. II.
Smith, Spauidmu, Stanton, Stevenson, James- A. Stewail,
Stoker, iStiatton, Theakei, Thomas Trimble, Vance,
Whitelev, Window, and Winslow—92.
NAYS—Messrs. ChatlesF Adams, Aldrieh, Allen, Alloy,
Ashley, Averv, Babbitt, Beale, Bingham, Blair, Blake,
JJrayton, Bufiinton, Buich, Burhngame, Campbell, Carey,
Case, Cobuin, Colfax, Conway, Covodc, Buiton Craige,
Dawes, Delano. Ednerton, Edwards. Eliot, Ely, Fams-
woith, Fenton, Feny, Frank, Gatnett, Gooch, Giow, Cur-
Icy, Hale, Hall, Hehnick, Uindman, llumphiev, Hutching
Irvine, Junkin, Francis W. Kellogg, Kilsoie, Kilhnger,
DeWitt C. J,each, Leake, Looims, Lovejoy', Marston, Mc-
Kean, Moorhead, Moirill, Edwaid Joy Morris?, Palmei,
Pcttit, Potter, Pottei, Pottle, Pi\or, Rice, Christopher Kob-
inson, Royce, Rust, Scott, Sedgwick, Sherman, Spmnei,
Stevens, William Stewart,Tappan, Tompknw,Tiaiii, Val-
landigham, Van Wyek, Vcrree, Wade, Waldion, W alton,
Cadwalader C. Washburn, Ellihu B.Washburne, Webster,
Welte, Wilson, Wood, Woodruff, and Wright—90.
So the House agreed to adjourn.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. SHERMAN said: Let me make a last
appeal to the House. I trust this matter will be
laid aside, that I may take up some of the appro-
80 '
priation bills. The Army bill, the civil bill, the
Post Office bill, and the Indian bill, have yet to be
acted on, and we have but three days of' the ses-
sion left. If this matter blocks up the business
another day, some of those bills will be lost.
Mr. BR1GGS. I regard this matter of more
importance than all the appropriation bills, and
I hope nothing else will be done until this subject
is disposed of.
Mr. ADRAIN. We can pass the appropria-
tion bills after this business is disposed of.
Mr. FLORENCE. I am anxious to pass the
appropriation bills; but I think we shall get
through with them sooner by adjourning now.
Mr. ENGLISH stated that he would have
voted in the affirmative had he been within the
Hall when his name was called.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Gentlemen upon
this side think it will be beneficial to adjourn; and
therefore 1 will change my vote and vote "ay."
Mr. GRIGGS. Being fissured by friends that
it is policy to adjourn, though I disagree with
them, I will change my vote from "no " to "ay."
J myself am willing to sit here the balancc of my
term to pass these healing measures.
The vote was announced as above recorded.
The House accordingly (at five o'clock and ten
minutes, p. m.) adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, February 28, 1861.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Gorley.
The Secretary proceeded to read the Journal of
yesterday.
Mr. FITCH. I move to dispense with the fur-
ther reading of the Journal, to economize time.
The motion was agreed to, by unanimous con-
sent.
CREDENTIALS.
Mr. TRUMBULL presented the credentials of
Hon. Henry S. Lane, elected a Senator by the
Legislature of the State of Indiana, for the term
of six years from the 4th day of March, 1861;
which were read, and ordered to be filed.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. KING. I have a petition signed by sev-
eral thousand persons.
Mr. HALE. How long is it?
Mr. KING. I have not measured its length.
It will go a great many times across the Chamber;
but I do not think it necessary to allude to its
length. There are several thousand names to it.
I will simply read it.
Wheieas it i.- i:iil only incompatible with honor and pa-
tuousm, but eowaidly and base,loi Republicans tosuuen-
dei, under the pressure of secession and secession threats;
and wheieas they have done no wrong, but have, m thela.-t
election, succeeded, b> constitutional means, by adducing
the enlightened reason and oon>eienee of the people, in
view of Ions: years of misi tile and rapacity of a corrupt paity
and Adnnnivtiation ; and wheieas it is mcumbentnpon all
£ood citizens to maintain the supremacy of the Constitu-
tion and the laws. We, the undersigned, citizens of the Uni-
ted States, do respectfully, but earnes-tlyand Hi mly, recom-
mend to oiu Senator and Repieaeiitativos in Congiesss,
and all otliei > in anthontv, to stand by the Constitution as
if is, and the Government of the country, and to make no
coinpioinise whatever.
I have another petition to the same effect, from
another portion of the State of New York. I
move that the petitions lie on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. KING. 1 have also a petition in the form
of resolutions, which I will read:
We. the undersigned, have the honor to present to your
honorable body the following resolutions of tile German
adopted citizens of Albany :
Wheieas it is the duty of every citizen to express himself
about the piesent political condition <rf the country, ill Older
to enable tbe ieai-lative and administrative authorities—
whose power leposes in the majority—to form an accurate
knowledge of tbe wi-hes ot the people; we theicfore pro-
nounce it as our convictions—
That the Constitution of the United States as it is can
satisiy nil just demands of all parts of the Union, and does
not need any 'alteration, additional oi othciwise.
That tiie executive officers ought immediately to make
use of ail and any means for executing tiie existing laws.
Thutan> receding nom the constitutional basis, and any
conceding to tiie treasonable ins uirection of southern States,
would be utterly dishonorable, and must inevitably lead 10
complete disunion. a
We declare ourselves re;my at any time to prove the sin-
cerity of our convictions, and offer ourselves uncondition-
ally to the disposal of Government.
I move that the petition lie on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. FOSTER presented a memorial of citizens
of North Haven, Connecticut, praying for the
speedy adoption of the compromise measures pro-
posed by the representatives of the border States;
which was ordered to lie on the table.
He also presented a memorial of citizens of
Wallingford, Connecticut, praying for the speedy
adoption of the compromise measures proposed
by the representatives of the border States; which
was ^rdered to lie on the table.
He also presented a memorial of citizens of
Milford, Connecticut, praying for the speedy-
adoption of the compromise measures proposed
by the representatives of the border States; wliich
was ordered to lie on the table.
He also presented three otVier memorials of cit-
izens of the State of Connecticut, praying for the
speedy adoption of the compromise measures pro-
posed by the representatives of the border States;
which was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. WILSON presented the petition of- A. S.
Bemiss and others, citizens of Boston, Massachu-
setts, setting forth that it is not only incompati-
ble with honor and patriotism, but cowardly and
base, for Republicans to surrenderunder the pres-
sure of accession and secession thieats; and that
they have done no wrong, but have, in the last
election, succeeded, by constitutional means, by
addressing the enlightened reason and conscience
of the people, in view of long years of misrule
and rapacity of a corrupt party and Administra-
tion; and that it is incumbent upon all good citi-
zens to maintain the supremacy of the Constitu-
tion and laws, and respectfully, but earnestly and
firmly, recommending to their Senators and Rep-
resentatives in Congress, and all others in author-
ity, to stand by the Constitution as it is, and the
Government of the country, and to make no com-
promise whatever; which was ordered to lie on
the table.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a joint resolution
(S. No. 69) for the relief of Pierce & Bacon;
which was read twice by its title, and referred to
the Committee on Finance.
THOMAS CHITTENDEN.
Mr. COLLAMER. I desire to call up for con-
sideration a bill for the relief of Thomas Chitten-
den. It has passed the House of Representatives
unanimously, and I desire to put it on its passage
here. I do not know but that I may claim it al-
most as a matter of right; for I have never asked
this House to take up a private bill in my life, and
I believe I have never advocated any private bill.
I desiie this bill to be passed. I do not think it
will be objected to. It will not take more than
ten minutes.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (H. R. No. 909; for the relief of
Thomas Chittenden. It proposes to direct the
Secretary of the Interior to place the name of
Thomas Chittenden, of the State of Wisconsin,
on the roll of invalid pensioners, at the rate of
eight dollars per month; the pension to commence
on the 1st day of January, 1858, and to continue
during his natural life.
Mr. POWELL. I will state to the Senate that
this bill was referred to me as a member of the
Committee on Pensions, and I reported it. _ It is
a very meritorious case, indeed; and I think it
ought to pass.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
PETTIBONE AND BOTELER.
Mr. PITCH. The Committee on Printing, to
whom was referred the memorial of Pcttibone &
