1266
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
Eoteler, praying that they may be allowed the
prices fixed by law for binding the extra Senate
documents of the Thirty-Fifth Congress, have in-
structed me to offer the following resolution:
JResoZi;ed,That Boteler & Pettibone, Binders for the Sen-
ate for the Thirty-Fifth Congress, be paid out of the Senate
fund applicable to payments for binding, the same price
for the binding for the Senate during that Congress which
is now paid for work of the s^jpe character.
Mr* GRIMES. I object, unless I hear some
explanation of it.
Mr. FITCH. I can make the explanation the
Senator desires. It is a small affair. The bind-
ing of the Thirty-Fourth Congress amounted to
$210,000, or thereabouts. Of course, that amount
of binding caused great competition for the bind-
ing of the subsequent Congress. These binders
submitted a proposal to the committee, of which
the Senator from Arkansas [Mr. Johnson] was
then chairman, offering to do the binding at what-
ever price the committee saw proper to fix; and
they fixed the price twenty per cent, lower than
that allowed by law. This the bidders did not
expect; but they were induced, nevertheless, to
give bonds. The binding, however, of that Con-
gress only amounted to ^29,000, against the
$210,000 of the previous Congress. There was
such an immense falling off, that their machinery
and apparatus, purchased and prepared in expecta-
tion of doing an amount of binding approximating
to that of the previous Congress, amounted to a
large proportion of what they received. They
merely ask that the twenty per cent, reduction be
paid to them, which is a small matter—some four
thousand dollars, or near that amount. I think it
is right.
The resolution was considered by unanimotife
consent, and adopted.
OREGON "WAR DEBT.
Mi. LANE, from the committee of conference
on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses on
the bill (S. No.11) to provide for the paymentof
expenses incurred by the Territories of Oregon
and Washington in the suppression of Indian hos-
tilities therein ia the years 1855 and 1S56, sub-
mitted the following report:
The committee of conference on the dtensreeiwr vote* of
the two Houses on the bill (S. No. il) to piovide toi the
payment of expenses incurred by theTeiutories of Oregon
and Washington in the suppiesMon of Indian hostilities
therein in the yean 1835 and 1830, havnur met and con-
sidered the same, after full and liee confeienoe tlieicon,
have agreed to recommend, and do recommend, to then }
respective IIoihcs, as follow^: I
That the Senate do agiee to the House amendment with
the following amendments:
1. Strike out in the thirtieth hue, in section one, the
words " two hundred and fifty," and insert m lieu thereol
" fourhundred so that the clause will road,''o'iMOO.OOO *'
•2. Strike out the second proviso to the hr&t section,' com-
mencing in the tliiity-llfih hue, and ending in the foity-
fourth line, and nneit in lieu thereol the following: Pro-
virfed, That said Auditor be, and he heieby is,authorized and
directed to leeeive additional evidence as to the amount
or value of supplies, trun*poitauon, and personal set vices,
and to correct errors m his former repoit touching the
name; and in casts where supplies were tui nibbed at points
in either of said Tern tones vviiere similar supplies were not
funn-hed for the regulai Ainiy dining the hostilities in
which said volunteers were engaged, he shall allow for
such supplies the prices paid (or similar mi pphes foi the ieg-
ular Army at the mo-t convenient point wheie auny sup-
plies were furnished during said time, adding thereto the
cost of irau>pi)itanon to the place where such supplies
were furnished to said volunteers."
3. Strike out ofs«ction Com, all sifter the enacting elan-so,
andinseit: "'That for the payment of claimspiouded (or
In this act, the Secietarv ot tiie Trea^uiy may, if he deem
it expedient, issue to the claimants, oi their legal iepie-
sentattves, bonds of the United States ot a denomination
not less than fifty dollars, redeemable m twenty years, and
bearing interest at the rate of six per cent, per annum, with
coupons attached, and payable annually or semi-annually,
at the di-cietion of the Secretary ot the Tieu>ury."
That the House do concur m the foregoing amendment*.
JOSEPH LANK,
J D. BRIGHT,
SIMON CAMERON,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
B. STANTON,
JAUES BUFFL\TQN,
LANSING STOUT.
Managers on the part of the House.
The report was agreed to.
A message was afterwards received, announc-
ing that the House had concurred in the report i
of the committee of conference on the disagreeing !
votes of the two Houses on the bill (S. No. 11)
to provide for the payment of the expenses in- '
curred by the Territories of Oregon and Washing- j
ton, in the suppression of Indian hostilities there- j
in in the years 1855 and 1856. !
JOSEPH CLYMER.
Mr. POLK. I move to take up Senate bill No.
548, for the relief of Joseph Clymer.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill. It provides for the payment, to Jo-
seph Clymer, of $14,000, in full for all claims by
him for losses or damages on account of the con-
tractentered into between himself and the United
States, represented by Thomas Swords, lieuten-
ant colonel, quartermaster of the United States
Army, on the 18th April, 1851, and by reason of
the failure of the United States to perform the
same.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment.
Mr. GRIMES. I call for the reading of the
report or some explanation. I do not know any-
thing about this case.
Mr. POLK. I have the report here. It is very
short; hut I will state to the Senate the substance
of the case in a very few words. In the firstplace,
the claim is on a contract made in 1851. ft was
before the House of Representatives and reported
on, a long time ago, there. It has been before the
Senate, and was, three years ago, reported favor-
ably by the Senate Committee on Claims It
came before this body again at the present ses-
sion, was referred to the Committee on claims,
and reported favorably again.
The party made a contract in 1851 with Lieu-
tenant Colonel Swords to transport merchandise
for the United States, provisions, clothing. &c.,
to Forts Kearny, Laramie, and Mackay, to Fer-
nando de Paos, Santa Fe, Albuquerque, Doiia Ana,
and Paso del Norte; and in regard to the last one,
the amount of transportation that he was to carry
was by the advertisement to be " not less than
one hundred and seventy tons or upwards." He
made his contract and made provision for carry-
ing out the contract, conceiving that the trans-
portation would be very heavy. It required a
large purchase of teams and of wagons; but he
went to carry out his contract. When he got
there, Lieutenant Colonel Swords told Irim he
should not have any freight. He made his entire
expenditure, but he got no freight to carry, and
therefore he could not earn anything under the
contract. The contract when it was diawn, was
drawn so as to omit the advertisement, and there-
fore, while by the advertisement the contract was
to be between the parties that not less than the
number of tons specified to each place should be
carried, when the contract came to be made, it
did not obligate the United States to furnish the
freight, but obligated him to carry it. He pre-
pared himself to carry it; but as the contract did
not technically embrace the advertisement, he had
no legal claim on the Government for the damages
that he sustained.
I will state to the Senate in addition, that the
man had to borrow money to carry on the enter-
prise. He has transferred his whole lands, his
homestead, and has executed a note for $5,000,
artd has paid upwards of five thousand dollars
interest on the money that he borrowed to cairy
out this contract.
Mr. BRAGG. I think the Senator from Mis-
souri has substantially stated the facts. I believe
there was no difference of opinion in the commit-
tee. We examined the case carefully, and came
to the conclusion that around sum of about four-
teen thousand dollars was better than to leave it
to the Department to settle.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the thud time, and passed
Chippewa, etc., Indians.
Mr. CLARK. 1 ask the Senate to take up the
bill (H.R, No. 852) for the relief of certain Chip-
pewa, Ottowa, and Pottawatomie Indians. It was
passed by the House and amended by the Senate
committee,and it needs that the amendment should
be acted on and go back to the House to be passed.
It appropriates no money; but provides simply
for stating an account.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (H. R.
No. 853) for the relief of certain Chippewa, Ot-
towa, and Pottawatomie Indians, was considered
as in Committee of the Whole. As the bill was
passed by the House of Representatives, it was
in the following words:
Be it enacted, <£c., That the Secretary of the Interior he,
and h« is hereby, autho! iznd and duacted to pay to the Chip
pewa, Ottovva,and Pottawatomie Indians, now residing in
the State of Michigan, and who were parties to the treaties
made at Chicago on the 28th and 37th days of September,
1833, between the United States and said united nation of
Indians, or to their descendants, their full pioporuon per
cupi*a of all the sums of money agreed to be paid by the Uni-
ted States to said united nation of Indians by the treaties of
July 29,1839, the 26th of Scpremher, 1833, and the articles
supplementary thereto, of September 27, 1833, of the 5th
and 17th of June, 1846, with the Pottawatomie nation of
Indians; Provided, That upon examination!it shall appear
that said moneys are still in the Treasury of the United
States for, or have been paid out to, tlje Pottawatomie
nation aforesaid, whereupon the aforesaid payments shall
be made out of the moneys belonging or accruing to the
Pottawatomie nation aforesaid.
Mr. FITCH. To save time, I will explain
that this is the HouSe bill which went to the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs. From that committee,
it was reported back by me, amended, striking
out the appropriation, and providing merely for a
statement of the account. I explain the amend-
ment in order to avoid consuming time by read-
ing it. It is no appropriation, but for a statement
of the accounts between these tribes of Indians
and the Government. The accounts of the differ-
ent tribes conflict with each other, and both con-
flict with the Government.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
move to dispense with the reading of the amend-
ment?
Mr, FITCH. Yes, sir; I make this statement
to dispense with the reading of it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair is in-
formed that there are several amendments.
Mr. FITCH. They are all to the sameeffect,
merely to make the bill consistent with itself.
The amendments were agreed to.
The bill, as amended, reads as follows:
That the Secretary of the Interior be, and he i^ hereby,
authouzed and directed to examine and report to Congress,
at its next session, what amount, if any, is due to the Chip-
pewa, Ottawa, and Pottawatomie Indians, now residing in
the State of Michigan, under and by virtue ot the treaties
ot July 29,1829, the 26th of. September, 1833, and the ar-
ticles snpplementaiy thereto, of September 27,1833, with
fc-aiU Indians, and under the treaty of the 5th and 17th of
June, 18-1G, with the Pottawatomie nation of Indians; and
the Secretary of the Interior is furthermore iieieby author-
ized and directed to ascertain and report, at the same time,
whether any money or property heretofore payable is due
to said Pottawatomie nation, under and by virtue of the
tieaty of October 26,1832, or other treaties, which has not
been appropnated and paid ; and if any, what amount.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended;
and the amendments were concurred in, and or-
dered to be engrossed, and the bill to be read a
third time. It was read the third time,and passed.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN.
Mr. WILKINSON. I wish to make a motion
to withdraw the papers of Colonel William H.
Noble. The report was favorable, but he wishes
to withdraw the papers to use them before the
Department.
Leave was granted.
STATE OF THE TJNION.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Forney, its Clerk, announced that the
House had passed joint resolution (H.R. No. 64)
declaratory of the opinion of Congress in regard
to certain questions now agitating the country,
and of measures calculated to reconcile existing
differences.
On motion of Mr. GREEN, the joint resolu-
tion was ordered to be printed.
RICHARD CIIENJKItY.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Forney, its Clerk, announced that the
House insists upon its amendment to the bill (S.
No. 77) for the relief of Richard Chenery, disa-
greed to by the Senate; agrees to the conference
asked by the Senate on the disagreeing votes of
the two Houses thereon, and has appointed Mr.
Johx C. Burch of California, Mr. William N.
H. Smith of North Carolina, and Mr. James
Buftinton of Massachusetts, managers at the
same on the part of the House.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
The message further announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed an enrolled bill (H. R.
No. 338) to provide for the paymentof outstand-
ing Treasury notes, to authorize a loan, to regu-
late and fix the duties on imports, and for other
purposes, and it was signed by the Vice Presi-
dent.
POST OFFICE APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. PKARCE. I ask the Senate now to take
