1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
nm
up House bill No. 971, making: appropriations for
the service of the Post Office Department for the
fiscal year ending June 30, 1862.
Several Senators. Withdraw it.
Mr. PEARCE. No, I cannot, because at one
o'clock there is-a special order. It is a very im-
portant bill, and should be acted on speedily♦
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (H. R.
No. 971) making appropriations for the service
of the Post Office Department during the fiscal
year ending the 30th of June, 1862, was consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole.
The'first amendment of the Committee c#n Fi-
nance was to strike out the. following proviso,
appended to the appropriation for inland mail
tiansportation:
" Provided, This appropriation is hereby made on the
condition that the Po^tmaiter General reexamine the causes
for discontinuance or curtailment oi the postal setvice on
inland loutes since the 4th day of Match, 1859, and to re-
store all such parts of the said service ass can be lestored
with due regard the public interest and the circumstances
of each case; whether such discontinuance or curtailment
was upon contracts yet in foice, or have taken effect upon
the making of new contiacts; that the le&toration or in-
crease of service heieby contemplated shall, with the con-
sent of the contractor in each, or in pursuance of his con-
tract."
And in lieu thereof to insert.
And the Postmaster General is hereby directed to reex-
amine the causes l'or discontinuance oi cnitaihn *nt of the
postal service on inland routes since the 4th day of March,
1859, and to restore ali such parts of the said service as can
be restoied with due regard to the public interest and the
circumstances of each case, whether such discontinuance
or curtailment was upon contracts yet in force, or has taken
effect upon the making of new contracts : And provided,
That the restoration or inci ease of set vice hei eby contem-
plated, shall not be made without the consent of the eon-
tractor in each case, or in pursuance of his contract.
Mr. PEARCE, This amendment is only in-
tended to correct the language, both imperfect and
ungrammatical,as#t came from the House of Rep-
resentatives. It provide%the same thing in effect.
1 shall not detain the Senate with any explana-
tions, unless they be asked for.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was, on page 3, line
thirty-nine, after the word "recipients," to insert:
Except to the postmaster at Washington city, Disti ict of
Columbia, in putbuance of tiie existing la^v authonziug a
special allowance to lum for such mm vice.
So that the clause will read:
For compensation to postmasters, $5,700,000: Provided,
That no compensation shall be paid to postnia^teis aitei the
30th June, 1801, toi the delivery 01 nee letter* or papers to
their recipient^, except to the po-ama^tcr at Washington
city, District of Columbia, in puisuance of the existing law
authorizing a special allowance to him lor such set vice.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to add as a new sec-
tion:
Sec. 5. Jlnd he it further enacted, That the compensation
of the special mail agent of the Post Office bopai rment for
the Pacific coast shall be $2,500 per annum ; such iate to
lake effect m virtue of this provision fiom the 30th day of
June, lb61.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to add as a new
section:
Sec. 6. Jlnd be it further cnacted, That the sum of
$350,000, or so much tlieicof as may be necessary, be, and
the same is hereby, appropuatcd, out of any money in the
Treasury not othei wise appropriated, for carrying the mail
from New York, via Panama, to San Francisco, three times
a month, from the 1st day of July, I860, to the 1st da> of
July, 1861.
Mr. PEARCE. I will explain briefly that this
amendment is rendered necessary, in consequence
of a change made in the deficiency bill before its
passage. An amendment of the Senate to that bill
provided for this appropriation^ but there were
two clauses, the latter one of which was, for the
most part, a duplicate of the first clause, and that
was stricken out by the other House, and their
amendment was agreed to in the committee of
conference. It so happens that the appropriating
clause was in that portion of the amendment which
was struck out. The bill therefore passed with-
out the appropriating clause. The postages re-
ceived on that route having been paid into the
Treasury, it is now necessary to appropriate out
the Treasury the whole sum required for the
service.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GWIN. I am instructed by the Commit-
tee on Post Offices and Post Roa^s to offer this
amendment:
jind be it farther enacted, That the Postmaster General
is hereby authorized to extend the existing mail contract on
route No. 13564. in the State of Minnesota, so that it will
expire June 30, 1865, and that the said service be semi-
weekly for the same period: Provided, The increase of pay
shall not exceed the pro rata amount now paid.
I will state that this merely makes the service
semi-weekly, and all the additional expense is
$11,000.
Mr. PEARCE. If I understand the amend-
ment aright—I did not hear it distinctly—it pro-
vides a new post route.
Mr. GWIN. No, sir.
Mr. PEARCE. Then it provides for an in-
crease of service on a post roate. It is not proper,
I think, to add it to this appropriation bill. We
have provided in this bill already for the restora-
tion of former routes which had been suspended,
wherever, in the judgment of the Post Office De-
partment," it shall be proper to restore them con-
sistent with the public interests; but this is a
proposition now to increase mail service on alittle
local route. I think its incongruity is enough to
justify its rejection here. ^.
• Mr. RICE. This route has not been suspended.
It is a route running from the Mississippi river
to the British possessions. It was originally let
as a horseback mail. The increase of mail matter
has been so great that the contractors are com-
pelled now to carry the mail by other modes of
conveyance. They have four-house post-coaches
part of the way; and on the Red River of the
North they run a steamer. All the British mails
to that region pass over this route. It is five
hundred and thntcen miles long, and the service
costs only $11,000 a year—the cheapest service in
the United States. It is not a local route in any
sense of the term. The contractors contemplate
putting another boat on that river, and also build-
ing bridges and improving the roads. There is
a distance of some two hundred miles where the
line runs through a thickly-settled country; and
it is one of the most important routes in the entire
Northwest. I hope the Senate will not object to
the amendment. Our northern overland mail route
has been stricken off; our postal service has been
decreased by the Department by the amount of
§77,000 a year; and this is the only thing we have
asked for, and the only measure we shall probably
get to benefit us in the mail service in that large
district of country.
Mr. PEARCE. If we adopt this amendment,
we may expect fifty more for the making of new
routes and the increasing of service on routes
already existing. It is not germane to the bill.
It is not, in my opinion, proper to adopt any such
amendment, unless we propose to adopt many
more.
Mr. GWTN. This is the only amendment of
the Post Office Committee of this description. It
is a meritorious case, and I hope the amendment
will be adopted.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GWIN. I am instructed by the Commit-
tee on the Post Office and Post Roads to report
another amendment as an additional section:
Jlnd be it further enacted, That so much oi section 
of House bill IMo. 714, "to establish certain post routes,"
which passed the Senate on the 26th day of February, 1861,
as allows the Postmaster General to discontinue the steam-
ship set vice between New York and Panama at sixty days'
notice, is heieby modified so as to lequire that lie shall not
give the said notice until the weight of the overland man
shall fall below one thousand pounds per trip: Provided,
That the cost ot transporting the mails from New York to
San Piancisco, daily, on thoeentral route,shall not exceed
$1,000,000 per annum, Atid the Postmaster General shall
contract for the tiansportation of the letter and way mail
on the central route befoie the 1st day ot July, if tlie ser-
vice can be piocured.
I will state, in regard to this amendment, that
the section of the post route bill to which it refers
is left blank, becauso the bill, as it passed Con-
gress, has gone to the President, and I cannot as-
certain the number of the section at the office of
the Clerk of the House of Representatives, or of
the Secretary of the Senate. As it passed the
Senate, that section of the bill was section twenty,
but as it finally passed Congress the numbers of
the sections have been changed, and I have not
been able to fill up the blank, not knowing that
this bill would come up this morning.
I will read the section of the bill that has passed
the two Houses of Congress, and is now before
the President, winch it is proposed to amend. It
is in these words:
"That the Postmaster General is authorized to provide ;
teinporaiy steamship service, by the nearest and most ex- 1
peditiousroute, between New York afid Saw Francisco, %t
a cost not exceeding §350,000 a year, reserving to the GoV-
ernment the privilege of annulling the contract after the
commencement of the overland service, on sixty days' no-
tice." *:
That was passed with the intention of carrying
the mails by sea until the overland service should
go into operation on the central route. The lim-
itation of the cost of carrying;the entire mail oh
the central route, contained in the bill that 'has
passed the two Houses of Congress, is #800,000
a year. It was believed, at the time it passed this
body, by myself and other members, that the,•en-
tire service to California could not be obtained for
that sum. When that overland mail goes into
operation, by the provisionsof the act now in the
hands of the President, the ocean service is to be
discontinued; and, if it is ascertained that the en-
tire mail, printed matter and all, cannot be carried
on the central route, according to the provisions
of the law that has passed, for $800,000 a year, we
shall be left without any mail on that route; be-
cause, when that law goes into operation, and
the whole mail is carried on the central route, the
ocean service is to cease.
The object of this amendment is to permit the
printed matter to be carried on the ocean route as
it is now, and to provide that the cost of carrying
all the mail matter, according to the law, that has
passed daily over the central route, and of the
service on the ocean route, shall not exceed
§1,000,000 a year. Then, inasmuch as the mail
on the Butterfield route has been disturbed by .the
Indians, or by some other cause, and weareTiow
having no letter mail across the continent, it is
proposed that the Postmaster General shall carry
the letters across the continent earlier than the
1st of July, if he can make a contract within
$1,000,000 a year for the entire service by the
ocean and by the overland route.
The object of the amendment is to remedy what
is supposed to be a defect in the bill that has passed
through Congress, to enlarge the limitation upon
the compensation for carrying the entire mails to
California, from $800,000 to $1,000,000 a year.
The whole mail service to California is to be lim-
ited on these two routes to $1,000,000 per annum,
and they are to have the capacity of carrying the
entire mail. If this amendment should be adopted,
I have another proposition, which lam insttucted
by the Post Office Committee to offer to this bill,
in reference to what is called the Butterfield route.
Mr. LATHAM. f hope my colleague willhave
the other amendment that he proposes to offer,
read by the Clerk, so that the Senate may be in
full possession of the whole subject.
Mr. GWIN. I will send it to the Chair.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Fitch.)
The amendment which the Senator from Califor-
nia proposes to offer hereafter, will be read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
And be itfuither enacted, That the Postmaster General
be, and he is hereby, empowered to discontinue the mail
service on route No. 12578 ; and to pay the contractors on
said route -dollars, in full satisfaction of ali claims
for damages they may have asainst the United States; such
discontinuance to take effect from the time their service
was inteirupted in Texas.
Mr. GWIN. I will state, in explanation of this
amendment, that the Committee on the Post Office'
and Post Roads thought it was best to pay a round
sum, for the purpose of compensating these con-
tractors for the disturbance that has taken place
on their route through Texas by the Indians, or
from other causes, it is well known, I believe,
that the route has been interrupted; and it was
supposed by the committee that the best plan of
settling with them was to pay a round sum, such
as may be determined by the Senate, to these con-
tractors, and to discontinue the service on that
route entirely, and then if that should pass, the
entire service for all the mails to California, giv-
ing us a tri-weekly mail by the ocean route, and
a daily mail over the central route, supplying
Denver City and Salt Lake City and Washoe and
the whole intervening country for the entire dis-
tance across thecontinent, will costonly $1,000,000
a year. It is limited to that, the object being to
pay—as I am prepared to pay liberally—to the
contractors on the Butterfield route for the dam-
ages sustained by th<; disturbance that has already
taken place, by no action of Congress and no ac-
tion of this Government; but we know the route
has been disturbed. The conveyance of the mails
on that route has ceased because of the disturb-
ance within the Slate of Texas.
