1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
307
portion of the people of a State; and why might
he not as well have used it against the whole
State? Lgt me tell that Senator that the case of
General Washington has no application, as he
supposes. It was a case of insurrection within
the State of Pennsylvania; and the very message
from which he read communicated the fact that
Governor Mifflin thought it necessary to call the
militia of adjoining States to aid him. President
Washington cooperated with Governor Mifflin;
he called the militia of adjoining States to coop-
erate with those of Pennsylvania. He used the
militia, not as a standing army. It was by the
consent of the Governor; it was by his advice. It
was not the invasion of the State; it was not the
coercion of the State; but it was aiding the State
to put down insurrection, and in the very manner
provided for in the Constitution itself.
But, I ask again, what power has the Presi-
dent to use the Army and the Navy except to
execute process' Are we to have drum-head
courts substituted for those which the Constitu-
tion and laws provide ? Are we to have sergeants
sent over the land instead of civil magistrates ?
Not so thought the elder Adams; and here, in
passing, I will pay him a tribute he deserves, as
the one to whom, more than any other man among
the early founders of this Government, credit is
due for the military principles which prevail in its
organization. Associated with Mr. Jefferson ori-
ginally,in preparing the rules and articles of war,
Mr. Adams reverted through the long pages of
history back to the empire of Rome, and drew
from that foundation the very rules and articles
of war which govern in our country to-day, and
drewthemthencebecausehesaid they had brought
two nations to the pinnacle of glory—referring to
the Romans and the Britons, whose military law
was borrowed from them. Mr. Adams, how-
ever, when an insurrection ocemred in the same
State of Pennsylvania, not only relied upon the
militia, but his orders, through Secretary Mc-
Henry, required that the.militia of the vicinage
should be employed; and. though he did order
mounted troops from Philadelphia, he required
the militia of the northern counties to be employed
as long as they were able to execute the laws;
and the orders given to Colonel McPherson , then
in New Jersey,were, that Federal troops should
not go across the Jersey line except in the last
resort. I say, then, when we trace our history
to its parly foundation, under the first two Piesi-
dents of the United States, we find that this idea of
using the Army and the Navy to execute the laws
at the discretion of the President, was one not
even entertained, still less acted upon, in any case.
Then, Senators, we are brought to consider
passing events. A little garrison in the harbor
of Charleston now occupies a post which, I am
sony to say, it gained by the perfidious breach of
an understanding between the parties concerned;
and here, that I may do justice to one who had
not the power on this floor, at least, to right him-
self—who has no friend here to represent him—let
me say that remark does not apply to Major An-
derson; for I hold that, though his orders were
not so designed, as I am assured, they did em-
power him to go from one post to another, and
to take his choice of the posts in the harbor of
Charleston; but,in so doing, he committed an act
of hostility. When he dismantled Fort Moultrie,
when ho burned the carriages and spiked the guns
bearing upon Fort Sumter, he put Carolina in the
attitude of an enemy of the United States; and
yet he has not shown any just cause for appre-
hension. "Vague rumors had reached him—and
causeless fear seems now to be the impelling mo-
tive of every public act—vague rumors of an in-
tention to take Fort Moultrie. But, sir, a soldier
should be confronted by an overpowering force
before he spikes his guns and burns his carriages.
A soldiershould be confronted by a public enemy
before he destroys the property of the United
States lest it should fall into the hands of such
an enemy. Was that fort built to make war upon
Carolina? Was an armament put into it for such
a purpose ? Or was it built for the protection of
Charleston haibor; and was it armed to make
that protection complete? If so, what right had
any soldierto destroy that armament lest it shouid
fall into the hands of Carolina?
Some time Since I presented to the Senate res-
olutions which embodied my views upon this
subject, drawing from the Constitution itself the
data on which I based those resolutions. I then
invoked the attention of the Senate in that form
to the question as to whether garrisons should be
kept within a State against the consent of that
State. Clear was I then, as I-am now, in my
conclusion. No garrison should be kept within
a State during a time of peace, if the State be-
lieves the presence of that garrison to be either
offensive or dangerous. Our Army is maintained
for common defense; our forts are built out of the
common Treasury, to which every State contrib-
utes; and they are perverted from the purpose for
which they were erected whenever they are gar-
risoned with a view to threaten, to intimidate, or
to control a State in any respect.
Yet we are told this is no purpose to coerce a
State; we are told that the power does not exist
to coerce a State; but the Senator from Tennessee
[Mr. Johnson] says it is only a power to coerce
individuals; and the Senator from Ohio [Mr.
Wade] seems to look upon this latter power as
a very harmless power in the hands of the Presi-
dent, though such coercion would be to destroy
theState. WhatisaState? Is it land and houses ?
Is it taxable property ? Is it the organization of
thelocal government? Or isit all these combined,
with the people who possess them? Destroy the
people, and yet not make warupon theState! To
state the proposition is to answer it, by reason of
its very absurdity. It is like making desolation,
and calling it peace.
There being, as it is admitted on every hand,
no power to coerce a State, I ask what is the use
ofa garrison within a State where it needs node-
fense? The answer from every candid mindnuist
be, there is none. The answer from every patri-
otic breast must be, peace requires, under.all soM
circumstances, that the garrison should be with-
drawn. Let the Senate to-day, as the respons-
ibility is thrown at our door, pass those resolu-
tions, or others which better express the idea
contained in them, and you have taken one long
step towards peace, one long stride towards the
preservation of the Government of our fathers.
The President's message of December, liovv-
ever, had all the characteristics of a diplomatic
paper, for diplomacy is said to abhor certainty,
as nature abhors a vacuum; and it was not within
the power of man to much any fixed conclusion
from that message. When the country was agi-
tated, when opinions were being formed, when
we are drifting beyond the power ever to return,
this was not what we had a light to expect from
the Chief Magistrate. One policy or the other
he ought to have taken. If a ledeialist, if believ-
ing this to be a Government of force, if„beheving
it to be a consolidated mass and not a confedera-
tion of States, he should have said: no State has
a right to secede; every State is subordinate to
the Federal Government, and the Federal Gov-
ernment must empower me with physical means
to reduce to subjugation the State asserting such
a right. If not,'if a State-rights man and a Dem-
ocrat—as for many years it has been my pride to
acknowledge our venerable Chief Magistrate to be
—then another line of policy should have been
taken. The Constitution gave no power to the Fed-
eral Government to coerce a State; the Constitu-
tion gave an army for the purposes of common de-
fense, and to preserve domestic tranquillity; but
the Constitution never contemplated using that
army against a State. A State exercising the
sovereign function of secession is beyond the
reach of the Federal Government, unless we woo
her with the voice of fraternity,and bringher back
to the enticements of affection. One policy or
the other should have been taken; and it is not
for me to say which, though my opinion is well
known; but one policy or the other should have
been pursued. He should have brought his
opinion to one conclusion or another, and to-day
our country would have been safer than it is.
What is the message before us ? Does it ben-
efit the case? Is there a solution offered here?
We are informed in it of propositions made by
commissioners from South Carolina. We are
not informed even as to how they tenmnated.
No countervailing pioposition is presented; no
suggestion is made. We are left drifting loosely,
without chart or compass.
There is, in our recent history, however, an
event which might have suggested a policy to be
pursued. When foreigners, Having no citizen-
i ship within the United States, declared war against
it, and made war upon it; when the inhabitants
of a Territory disgraced by institutions offensive
to the law of every State of the Union held this
attitude of rebellion; when the Executive there
had power to use troops, he first sent commis-
sioners of peace to win them back to their duty.
When South Carolina, a sovereign State,resumes
the grants she had delegated; when South Garo-
lina stands in an attitude which threatens within
a short period to involve thecountryinacivil war,
unless the policy of the Government be changed
—no suggestion is made to us that this Govern-
ment might send commissioners to her; no sugges-
tion is made to us that better information should
be sought; there is no policy of peace, but we are
told the Army and the Navy are in the hands of
the President of the United States, to be used
against those who assail the power of the Federal
Government.
Then, my friends, are we to allow events to
•drift onward to this fatal consummation ? Are we
to do nothing to restore peace ? Shall we not, in
addition to the proposition I have already made,
to withdraw the force which complicates the ques-
tion, send commissioners there in order that we
may learn what this community desire, what this
community will do, and put the two Governments
upon friendly relations?
I will not weary the Senate by going over the
argument of coercion. My friend from Ohio,
[Mr. Pugii,] I may say, has exhausted the sub-
ject. I thank him, because it came appropriately
from one not identified by his position with South
Carolina. It came more effectively from him than
it would have done from me, had I (as I have
not) a power to present it as forcibly as he has
done. Sirs, let me say, among the painful reflec-
tions which have crowded upon me by day and
by night, none have weighed more heavily upon
my heart than the reflection that our separation
severs the ties which have so long bound us to
our northern friends, of whom we are glad to
recognize the Senator as a type.
Now let us return a moment to consider what
would have been the state of the case if the gar-
rison at Charleston had been withdrawn. The
fort would have stood there—not dismantled, but
unoccifpied. It would have stood there in the
hands of an ordnance sergeant. Commissioners
would have come to treat of all questions with
the Federal Government, of these forts as well as
others. They would have remained there to an-
swer the ends for which they were constructed—
the ends of defense. If South Carolina was an
independent State, then she might hold to us such
a relation as Rhode Island held the dissolution
of the Confederation and before the formation
of the Union, when Rhode Island appealed to
the sympathies existing between the States con-
nected in the struggles of the Revolution, and
asked that a commercial war should not be waged
upon her. These forts would have stood there
then to cover the harbor of a friendly State; and
if the feeling which once existed among the peo-
ple of the States had subsisted still, and that fort
had been attacked, brave men from every section
would have rushed to the rescue, and there im-
periled their lives in the defense of a State iden-
tified with their early history, and still associated
in their breasts with affection; and the first act of
this time would have been one appealing to every
generous motive of those people again to recon-
sider the question of how we could live together,
and through that bloody ordeal to have brought
us into the position in which our fathers left us.
There could have been no collision; there could
have been no question of property which that
State was not ready to meet. If it was a ques-
tion of dollars and cents, they came here to adjust
it. If it was a question of covering an interior
State, their interests were identical. In whatever
way the question could have been presented, the
consequence would have been to relieve the Gov-
ernment of the charge of maintaining the fort, and
to throw it upon the State which had resolved to
be independent.
Thus we see that no evil could have resulted.
We have yet to learn what evil the opposite policy
may bring. Telegraphic intelligence, by the man
who occupied the seat on the right of me in the
old Chamber, was never relied on. He was the
wisest mar. I ever knew—a man whose prophetic
vision foretold all the trials through which we are
now passing; whose clear intellect elaborating
