1268
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
Mr. WILSON. I offer this amendment as a
substitute for the amendment proposed by the
Senator from California.
Jlni be it further enactcd, That, in lieu of the daily ser-
vice on the central route, provided by House bill 714, en-
tilted "An act for the establishment of post routes/'ap-
proved February—, 1861, the Postmaster General is hereby
directed to discontinue the mail service on route No. 12378,
from St. Louis and Memphis to gan Francisco, California,
and to modify tlie contract on said route, subject to the
eame terms and conditions only as hereinafter provided,
said discontinuance to take effect on or before July 1,18G1;
the contractors on said route shall be required to transpoit
the entire letter mail six timesa week on the central route,
said letter mail to be carried through in twenty days' time,
eight months in the year, and m twenty-three days the re-
maining four months m the year, from some point on the
Missouri river connected with the East, to Placervillcj Cal-
ifornia, and also to deliver the entire mails tri-weekly to
Denver City and Great Salt Lake City ; said contractors
shall also be requited to carry the residue of all mail mat-
ter in a period not exceeding thirty- live days, with the priv-
ilege of sending the latter senn-monthly from New 1 ork to
San Francisco in twenty-five days by sea, and the public
documents in thirty-five days. They shall also be requited,
during the continuance of their contiact, or until the com-
pletion of the overland telegraph, to run a pony express
semi- weekly, at a schedule tune of ten days, eight months,
and twelve days, four months., carrying for the Government,
free of chaige, five pounds of mail matter, with the hbei ty
of charging the public for transportation of letteis by said
expre&s, not exceeding one dollar pei half ounce. For the,
above service said contractors shall receive the sum ot
$1,150,000 per annum ; the contract for such service to be
thus modified before the 25th day of March next, and ex-
pire July 1,1863.
Sec. —. And be it further enacted, That the contractors
on route 12578 shall be entitled to their present mail pay
during the necessary time required to change their stock
from their present route to the cential route without per-
forming the service, and shall be entitled also to two
months'pay on their present cuntract as liquidated dam-
ages for such change of service, if made by them in accord-
ance with the terms of the preceding section.
Sec. — JlnA be it further enacted, That should the con-
tractors on route 12578 fail to accept the above modifica-
tion of their present contract, on or beiore the 25th day of
March, as before stated, then the Postmaster General is
directed to annul said contract, and advertise for thuty days
for canymg the mail m the manner herein provided; the
service to commence July 1,1861, or as soon theiealter as
possible, and to expire July 1,1665, and to let the same to
the lowest responsible bidder, having due lcgaid to then
ability to perform the service *, and the sum of ;$l,loO,QOO is
hereby appropriated, out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated, to carry into execution the pio-
visions of so much of this act as provides tor the establish-
ment of a datlv mail on the central ioute.
Sec.—• Jlnd be it further enacted^ That the above pro-
vision fchall not apply to a discontinuance of any routes, oi
contracts connected with said ioute No. 12578; and the
Po^tmastci General is authonzed to replace any local sei-
vice affected by the discontinuance of said ioute, now per-
formed by the contractors on trad ioute, by good and biifn-
cient mail service to take effect upon «.ueh discontinuance.
Sec. —. Jlnd be it further enactcd, That any of the pio-
visions of the act entitled " An act tor the establishment ot
post routes,'* (11. R. 714,) hefoie lefcrred to, which conflict
with the provisions of this act, aie heieby repealed.
Mr. LATHAM. This is a subject that has
been before the Senate on three or four recent oc-
casions, and it is understood very well. I shall,
therefore, be very briefin explaining the two prop-
ositionswhicli are now pending before this body.
I infinitely prefer the proposition that has been
submitted by the Senator from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Wilson,] because I believe it is more di-
rect, explicit, and least ambiguous; because I be-
lieve it will result in greater economy, and more
certainty in the performance of the service. I
wish to call attention to the provisions relating
to overland mails, on the post route bill, which
passed on Tuesday last: then to the proposition
submitted by the Senate committee; and lastly,
to the one submitted by the Senator from Massa-
chusetts
Under the bill that passed Congress, and is now
with the President, you provide for a daily cen-
tral route for $800,000, the contractor having the
privilege of sending the printed matter by sea.
The contract is to be let to the lowest bidder. The
Butterfield contract remains untouched. The Sen-
ate Committee on the Post Office and PostRoads
supposed that the sum of §800,000 was too little to
secure the service upon the central route. I take it
that, under no circumstances, will any responsible
contractorassume it for less than that sum. I hat
makes the expense, then, for carrying the mails
between the Atlantic States and the Pacific coast,
tinder that bill, £1,437<000—-$637,000 for the But-
terfield line and ^800,000 for the cential line. If
the view of my colleague was correct, in his state-
ment during the debate as to the construction
which would be given by the Postmaster General
to that bill, then the expense would be £1,687,00();
but I take it that, under any circumstances, it
would be $1,437,000.
Now, Mr. President, while 1 have had a seat
in this body, I have consistently opposed the re-
peal or modification of the Butteifield contract 1
did so last session because I thought it was unjust,
and that Congress was doing a great wrong to
those gentlemen who had been put on that route
without their consent and against their protest,
and that the Government had no right to discon-
tinue it, inasmuch as it was a legislative contract.
But the determination is now apparent and fixed,
as stated by the acting chairman of the Post Office
Committee, [Mr. Gwin>] and the same feeling
seems to exist in the other House, to consoli-
date these two lines, to wit: the Butterfield and
central. The Government is not willing to be
taxed such a large sum for the purpose of keep-
ing up two overland communications between the
Atlantic States and the Pacific coast. * Yielding
to this opinion, (because it is out of my power to
prevent it,) to this determination on the part of
Republican Senators and the committees of both
bodies, I want such a proposition to be adopted
as will do justice to*hese gentlemen, and, at the
same time, in consolidating these lines, will secure
California a permanent daily mail across the con-
tinent.
The amendment now reported (to which I wish
to call the attention of Senators) by the Senate
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads,
according to the construction I would give it,
amounts simply to a perpetuation of the steam-
ship servicc, and will result, in my judgment, in
the failure to perform the overland service on the
central route. I may be mistaken; it is very am-
biguous and singularly worded, and I confess I
do not exactly understand my colleague in the
explanation he has made of it; if I misinterpret
it, I can be corrected. In one of the sections of
the bill which passed the body the other day,
there was a provision appropriating §350,000 a
year for steamship service until the central route
could get in operation, and the Postmaster Gen-
eral was not authorized to discontinue that ser-
vicc until the central route had shown its capa-
bility to carry the mail matter. If the contract
on the central route was taken and the service
performed, then, upon sixty days' notice, it was
provided the Postmaster General could discon-
tinue the steamship service. This amendment
proposes to modify that, and the Senate will ob-
serve that it provides that the provision author-
the Postmaster General to discontinue the
steamship service between New York and San
Francisco at sixty days' notice, be so changed
that he " shall not give the said notice until the
weight of the overland mail shall fall below one
thousand pounds per trip." Now, suppose it
never falls below that weight: of course it is a
perpetuation of the steamship contract. Suppose
that those who have the steamship contract make
it a point to see that it never docs fall below the
one thousand pounds per day in order to perpet-
uate their coutract: then here is a continuance of
the steamship service perpetually, or at least until
Congress itself can meet and take this subject
under new consideration.
The amendment next reads as follows:
Provided, The cct of transporting the mail? from New
York to San Fiancicco by sea, and daily on the cential
route, shall not exceed $*1,000,000 per annum; and the Post-
master Genera) shall contract for the transportation of the
letters and way-mail on the central route before the 1st of
July, if the service can be performed.
I want some gentleman of the committee to
explain to me how that is to operate. If you
cannot get the service as contemplated for the
£1,000,000, in what condition, I ask, do they leave
the mail service to the Pacific? So, with both the
first and second propositions, I think the Govern-
men t will find itself in a dilemma wh ich both bodies
wish to avoid. According to the first modifica-
tion, they will be in the power of the steamship
service; and according to the latter, if they cannot
get the whole service done for §1,000,000, as pro-
vided m this amendment of the committee, we are
then without any mail service.
The second proposition intended to be offered,
abolishing the Butterfield contract, leaving the
sum to be paid within the judgment of Congress,
gives rise to another question. _ There is nothing
to show that, under the provisions proposed by
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads,
the gentlemen running this Butterfield line will
accept tnc sum that Congress may insert; and if
they do not, the Government still has them as
claimants at its door, to be disposed of hereafter,
according to the showing they may make of the
injuries they have sustained. I know that com-
pany indicated, at the last session of Congress,
to the members who were interested in this sub-
ject, that if Congress would give them a year's
pay, they would discontinue the service entirely,
and then the Government could make any pro-
vision it might see fit; but, by all three of the
propositions, the Government and overland ser-
vice are afloat upon a sea of uncertainty, result-
ing, in my humble judgment, with our getting'no
mail facilities whatever.
Let me no w call attention to the proposition sub-
mitted by the Senator from Massachusetts, which
meets the whole question directly, and leaves the
matter with neitherdoubt or uncertainty, curtails
the expenditures of the Government from what
is no w appropriated $287,000 per ann um—am oun t-
ing, in the term of four years, to 1^,148,000; and
if the Post Office Department should take the
same view of the law as passed that my colleague
takes—which is not impossible—the amount that
the Government would save would be $2,548,000.
What does the amendment of the Senator from
Massachusetts propose to do ? It proposes directly
to consolidate these lines; it terminates the But-
terfield contract; it gives those contractors, in con-
sideration of the service they have performed and
the position they occupy towards the Govern-
ment, the right to go upon the central route. Tliey
have indicated, as those who represent the com-
pany have informed me, and as 1 believe the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts has alsoinformed me,
their willingness to accept this service, to perform
it faithfully, to execute an acquittance to the Gov-
ernment of any right to damages that they may
sustain by destroying or modifying their contract,
and to accept, in lieu of all the iujuries and dam-
ages they may sustain, tiic small sum of §100,000.
The whole expense, then, for this service—they as-
suming the responsibility of carrrying the printed
matter, public documents, and letter mail, ac-
cording to the terms of his amendment—will be
P,150,000 a year. If you change the $1,150,000
to ,000,000, and leave the amount of damages
to which they will be justly entitled undetermined,.
as is proposed by the acting chairman of the com-
mittee of the Senate, they will get at the hands of
this Government, in the end, a sum winch will not
make the amount proposed to be given by the
Senator from Massachusetts either exorbitant or
extravagant. There is too great a sense of justice
existing in Congress to terminate the Butteifield
contract without giving adequate damages, either
to-day or at some future period; and I would much
prefer, for my part, and I think it would be more
just on the part of Congress, to meet the question
at the very threshold, and to pay the damages,
and agree with them in the very inception of this
change of our postal facilities.
Last summer I passed over that line. I re-
gard it as one of the most wonderful undertakings
of this age. Then- stations are forts. In the
barren plains, and upon the desert itself, you will
find a fort, made of rock which has been hauled
oftentimes a distance of four hundred miles, in
order that the employes might be protected from
Indians. They have had to employ at these sta-
tions—numbering one hundred and twenty-three
in all—from eight to ten men at each, armed, so
that they may protect themselves and the prop-
erty under their charge from Indian aggression
These stations are stored with grain in sufficient
quantity for any exigency that may arise, a large
proportion of which has been hauled from one
hundred to three hundred miles from the place of
original shipment. If you cut them off, all this
property is left on their hands; they have got to
abandon it; there is no market for it; there are
no inhabitants there to whom it can be sold; it is
utterly worthless; and the Government would
have to reimburse them for this vast outlay that
they have incurred, in order to perform their por-
tion of the contract with the Government. Now,
they say: " We are perfectly willing, if Congress
will recognize our priority, and do justice to us,
I to accepf$100,000 in liquidation of all damages we
! may sustain, go upon the central route, assume
the contract and its responsibilities, and perform
| the service for $1,150,000—§2S7,000 less than
Congress is now paying.
Tile second section of the amendment ottered
