1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
by the Senator from Massachusetts provides that
if they do not do the service, then the contract is
to be let out to the lowest bidder, not exceeding
the sum specified—an alternative that I presume
■will never occur. The last section provides that
the sum shall be appropriated directly out of the
Treasury. I respectfully call the attention of the
Senate to the fact that as between these two prop-
ositions, it would have been far better for the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads to
propose, in the first place, some specific sum for
the performance of this service on the central
route, without allowing it to be mixed up with a
conditional contract amounting to a permanency
of the steamship service. Whether this overland
company can carry the printed matter that it issup-
posed must be carried by steamships, is a matter
to be tried; but bonds are to be given when the
company assumes the responsibility, and theques-
tion is with them, and not with Congress, to de-
cide.
1 have thus, sir, as briefly and succinctly as I
possibly could, presented these two propositions
for the consideration of the Senate, anu I shall
probably have more to say after I have heard the
views of other Senators relative to the consolida-
tion of these two lines.
Mr. HALE. Having been charged somewhat
with this matter in behalf of the committee, 1 want
to present my views in regard to it; and I begin
by saying that the great difficulty that the Senate,
that Congress, that the committee, have met with
in fixing a substantial, just, economical, and cor-
rect system of carrying the mails from the Atlan-
tic to the Pacific ocean, has been the legislative
contract which is commonly called the Buiterfield
contract. We have got the opinion of the Attor-
ney General, that that being a legislative contract,
and one entered into without the usual restrictions
thatare imposed upon contracts made by the Post-
master General with his contractors, we cannot
move it; and it stands there an incubus in the way
of wholesome legislation. That has been my opin-
ion from the time I was first honored by the Sen-
ate with a seat on the Post Office Committee. I
saw that the first year they carried this mail, they
received $600,000, and paid back, in the shape of
postages, a little more than twenty thousand dol-
lars. Last year, when it was said that they were
going to have a more favorable operation, they
received $600,000, and paid back, in the shape of
postages, $130,000; so that we paid them last year
§470,000 for carrying the mail, over and above
everything we got by postages; and there this But-
terfield contract stands now, like the old man of
the sea on Sinbad the sailor, embarrassing every
movement; and what is the remedy that my hon-
oiable friend from Massachusetts proposes to help
us out? He wants to get rid of one legislative
contract, by which we pay §600,000 a year, by
introducing another legislative contract by which
we are to pay §1,150,000! This thing that has
stood in our way, obstructing our legislation, be-
cause it was something imposed by the Legisla-
ture, costing §600,000 a year, is to be got out of
the way by simply doubling the dose! Homeo-
pathic doses of §600,000 will not do; we must now
have it almost doubled in the shape of §1,150,000.
I do not want, any more than the Senator from
California or anybody else, to do the slightest
injustice to the Butterfield men. They would have
been willing last year to take §600,000 and go off;
and, if the Senate had listened to my advice, we
should have given it to them, and been vastly
better off.
How do we stand now? The Butterfieldroute
is simply dead. If we are to credit the public
news received through the papers, their stock lias
been seized, and the mails are no longer carried
by that route; and though we may not, as a matter
of political science, recognize the doctrine that a
State may secede, when it comes to be practically
felt, as it has been felt on your Army, as well as
on your postal arrangements, in the State of
Texas, it is well enough to open our eyes to the
practical fact, letting political philosophy alone.
What is the fact to-day? Your laws are just as
powerless in the State of Texas as they are in the
island of Great Britain. Your Army has been
surrendered, your postal arrangements have been
interfered with; and to talk about continuing the
Butterfield route under these circumstances, as a
practical matter—with all defcrcrffcc to honorable
gentlemen—strikes me as an absurdity. We are
to treat the thing as it is. It is done with, so far
as the mails are concerned; and the transportation
of them on that route is among the things that
were, and it is not to be regarded as among the
things that are.
Well then, sir, what do we propose? We pro-
pose, in consideration of the fact that they are
thus broken up and discontinued, to make them
a compensation in money; but, instead of that,
the Senator from Massachusetts, by his amend-
ment, proposes to give them the exclusive right
of making this contract, upon terms which his
amendment proposes, paying them §1,150,000 a
year for carrying the mail; and no matter what
may be the condition of the country, no matter
what new developments may transpire, this new
legislative contract, with a burden of §1,150,000
a year, will stand constantly in the way of all
reform, and of all wholesome, legislation upon
this subject.
Sir, for one, I protest against Congress making
contracts. We step out of our way, we do that
which the Constitution has not devolved upon us,
aud which does not belong to our legitimate du-
ties, when we undertake to make contracts. Our
business is to make laws, general in their opera-
tion, leaving the execution of them to the Execu-
tive; and we should recognize that all power is
not centered in us.
JNow, sir, in regard to the two propositions.
I am a little astonished to find gentlemen that a
few weeks ago were so warmly in favor of this
House measure now against it. I took a good
deal of pains about this matter to inform myself
in regard to it. I have left no means untried that
were within my reach to find what the fact was.
I could not find, that there were any contractors
who were willing to take this service at §800,000
a year, though I was constantly assured by gen-
tlemen from California that that was what they
wanted; that they were content with that. That
was the view of the Senator from California [Mr.
Latham] himself; because he advocated it in a
speech on this floor not long ago. I went to both
of the gentlemen representing California in the
other House, and while, as I stated on a former
occasion, they failed to say that their judgment
was that the contract could be taken and carried
for that sum, they said it was what they had
agreed upon. Now, sir, if you take the amend-
ment of the House of Representatives to the post
route bill which the Senate have adopted, which
is to pay §800,000 a year for overland service, and
substitute for a limited time conveyance by steam-
ships, at a maximum of §350,000, how will you
be left? *
In the great anxiety of the committee to come
at this, we had a conference, in our committee-
room, with the chairman of the Post Office Com-
mittee of the House of Representatives, in order
to assimilate our views, as weil as we could; and
the chairman of the House committee informs
us that,from the best estimate that can be made,
the amount of mail matter to be carried by that
route—I mean the printed matter—is about sixty
thousand pounds a month. 1 beg the Senate's
attention—those who care anything about this
matter—for one moment. By the provision for
the §800,000 contract, the contractors will be
bound to carry a thousand pounds each trip, by
the coaches, for the §800,000. That would leave
another thousand pounds daily to be provided for,
which would make about three hundred and sixty
thousand pounds a year. The chairman of the
committee of the House of Representatives as-
sured the committee of the Senate that he had it
from undoubted authority that that printed mat-
ter could be carried by steamship at the same price
at which express matter is earned, and as we were
assured by the honorable chairman of the com-
mittee of the House of Representatives, the con-
vcyancc of the printed matter could be secured
for a sum less than one hundred thousand dol-
lars a year. Thus, the excess of printed matter,
over what the company would be obliged to carry
by their coaches, which is a thousand pounds a
trip, could be carried by the steamships at an ex-
pense of less than one hundred thousand dollars
a year. At any rate, I apprehend there can be
no doubt at all that this contract can be had for
§1,000,000; and where is the necessity, and where
the propriety, of giving these Butterfield contract-
ors the premium, or the bonus, of putting it up to
§1,150,000, when we can get it for so much less ? i
For one, I will never consent, unlesfc it jbeua^#
the most extraordinary circumstances, which 1
cannot foresee at this time, to Congress usurping
the functions, and the legitimate'province dr th;e!
Postmaster General,and undertaking, hereiat&s,
hurried hours of this closing-session, to interpose-
this legislative contract, which is to run ft? four
years, and be a continued burden of $1,150*000
upon the Treasury. I think the safest way i$the
old way—to pass a law, and then leave it to the
Postmaster General to execute it; and for this
reason I think that the safest way is for us to ad-
here to the course we have pursued, adopting Che
amendment of the House of Representatives to
the post route bill, with such supplementary
amendments as may be necessary to perfect the
system.
Mr. GWIN. I wish the Senate to bear in mind,
all the time, that there is not the slightest connec-
tion between the amendment which is now before
the Senate and the subject of the Butterfield
route 
REPORT OF THE PEACE CONFERENCE.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Will the Senator alio*
me merely to make a report c
Mr. GWIN. Yes, sir.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. The select committee,
to whom was referred the communication received
yesterday from the convention assembled in this
place, commonly called the peace convention,
with instructions to report by twelve o'clock to-
day, have had the subject under consideration,
and have directed me to make the following re-
port 
Mr. HALE. I object to its consideration to-
day.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Fitch in
the chair.) Objection being made, it cannot be
considered until one o'clock, but it will be read.
The Secretary read the jointresolution reported
by Mr. Crittenden (S. No. 70) proposing cer-
tain amendments to t^e Constitution of the Uni-
ted States, as follows:
Joint Resolution pioposine certain amendments to the
Constitution of the United States.
Whereas commissioners, appointed on the invitation of
the State of Virginia, by the following States, respectively,
Main?, New Hampshire, Vermont, Massachusetts, Rhode
lis!and, Connecticut, New York, New Jersey, Pennsylva-
nia, Delaware, Maryland, Virginia, North Carolina, Ten-
nessee, Kentucky,MiSfeouri, Ohio, Indiafta, Illinois, Iowa,
Wisconsin, and Kansas, hare met in convention at the
city of Washington, for the purpose of considering the dis-
tracted and perilous condition of the eountry, and propos-
ing measures for the preseivation of the peace, the safety
of the people, and the security of the Union, and having
performed that duty, and communicated to Congress the
result of their deliberations, with a request and recom-
mendation on the part and m the name of said States, that
the following be proposed to the several States as amend-
ments to the Constitution of the United States, according
to the fifth article of said instrument, namely;
Artici.e XIII.
Sec. 1. In all the present territory of the United States,
north of the parallel of 36° 30' of north latitude, involuntary
servitude, except m punishment of crime, is prohibited,
fn all the present teintory south of that lino, the status of
persons held to involuntary seivice or labor, as It now ex-
ists, shall not be changed ; nor shah any law he passed by
Congiess or the Territorial Legislature to hinder orprevent
the taking of ^ueli peisons from any of the States of this
Union to said teiutory, nor to impau the rights arising
from said relation; but the same shall be subject to judicial
cocnizanee in the Federal courts, accoidmg to the course
of tiie common iaw. When any Teriitoiv north or south
of said line, within such boundary as Congress may pre-
scribe, shall contain a population equal to that requiredfor
a member ot Congress, it shall, if its form of government he
republican, be admitted into the Union on an equal footing
with the original States, with or without involuntary ser-
vitude, as the Constitution of such State may provide.
Sec. 2. No territory shall be acquired by the United
States, except by discovery and for naval and commercial
stations, depot?, and transit routes, without the concur-
rence ot a majoiity of all the Senators from States which
allow involuntaiy servitude, and a majority of all the Sen-
atois from States wiuch prohibit that relation ; nor shall
territory be acquired by treaty, unless the vote<? of a ma-
jority of the Senators from each class of States hereinbe-
foie mentioned be cast as a p/ut of the two-thirds majority
necessary to the ratification of such treaty.
Sec. 3^ Neither the Constitution, nor any amendment
thereof, shall be construed to give Congress power to regu-
late, abolish, or control within any State the relation estab-
lished or recognized by the laws thereof touching persons
held to labor or involuntary service therein, nor to inter-
fere with or abolish involuntary service in the District of
Columbia without the consent of Maryland, and without
the consent of the owners, or making the owners who do
notxonsent just compensation; nor the power to interfere
with or prohibit Representatives and others from bringing
with them to the District of Columbia, retaining, and taking
away, poisons so held to labor or service; nor the power
to inteii'ere with or abolish invoiuntarynaerviee in places
under the exclusive jurisdiction of the United States within
those States and Territories where the same is established
