1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
80.9
of a State to withdraw from the Union, do not
intend to help him. He says, however, and this
softens it a httie: *
" We do not think, though, that we have just cause for
going out of the Union now. We have just cause of com-
print; but we are lor remaining m the Union, and fighting
the battle iikemen."
What does that mean? In the name of com-
mon sense, I ask how are we to fight in the
Union? We take an oath of office to maintain
the Constitution of the United States. The Con-
stitution of the United States was formed for do-
mestic tranquillity; and how, then, are we to fight
in the Union? I have heard the proposition from
others; but I have not understood it. I under-
stand how men fight when they assume attitudes
of hostility; but 1 do not understand how men
remaining connected together in a bond as breth-
ren, sworn to mutual aid and protection, still pro-
pose to fight each other. 1 do not understand
what the Senator means. If he chooses to answer
my question, 1 am willing to hear him, for f do
not understand how we are to fight in the Union.
Mr. JOHNSOJJ, of Tennessee. When my
speech is taken altogether, I think my meaning
can be very easily understood. What f mean by
fighting the battle in the Union, is, I think, very
distinctly and clearly set forth in my speech; and
if the Senator will take it from beginning to end,
I apprehend that he will have no difficulty in as-
certaining what I meant. But, for his gratification
upon this particular point, I will repeat, in sub-
stance, what I then said as to fighting the battle
in the Union. I meant that we should remain
here under the Constitution of the United States,
and contend for all its guarantees; and by pre-
serving the Constitution and all its guarantees we
would preserve the Union. Our true place to
maintain these guarantees, and to preserve the
Constitution, is in the Union, there to fight our
battle. How ? By argument; by appeals to the
patriotism, to the good sense, and to the judgment
of the whole country; by showing the people that
the Constitution had been violated; that all its
guarantees were not complied with; and I have
entertained the hope that when they were pos-
sessed of that fact, there would be found patriot-
ism and honesty enough m the great mass of the
people, north and south, to come forward and do
what was just and right between the contending
sections of the country. I meant that the true
way to fight the battle was for us to remain hcic
and occupy the places assigned to us by the Con-
stitution of the country. Why did I make that
statement? It was because, on the 4th day of
March next, wo shall have six; majority in this
body; and if, as some apprehended, the incoming
Administration shall show any disposition to
make encroachments upon the institution of sla-
very, encroachments upon the rights of the States,
or any other violation of the Constitution, we,
by remaining in the Union, and standing at out-
places, will have the power to resist all those en-
croachments. How? Wc have the power even
to reject the appointment of the Cabinet officers
of the incoming President. Then, should we not
be fighting' the battle in the Union, by resisting
even the organization of the Administration m a
constitutional mode; and thus, at the very start,
disable an Administration which was likely to
encroach on our rights and to violate the Consti-
tution of the country? So far as appointing even
a minister abroad is concerned, the incoming Ad-
ministration will have no power without our con-
sent, if we remain here. It comes into office hand-
cuffed, powerless to do harm. We, standing here,
hold the balance of power in our hands; we can
resist it at the very threshold effectually; and do
it inside of the Union, and in our house. The
incoming Administration has not even the power
to appoint a postmaster whose salary exceeds
$1,000 a year, without consultation with, and the
acquiescence of, the Senate of the United States.
The President has not even the power to draw
his salary—his $25,000 per annum—unless we
appropriate it. I contend, then, that the true
place to fight the battle is m the Union, and within
the provisions of the Constitution. The Army
and Navy cannot be sustained without appropria-
tions by Congress; and if we were apprehensive
that encroachments would be made on the south-
ern States and on their institutions, in violation
of the Constitution, we could prevent him from
having a dollar even to feed his Army or hif  Navy.
Mr. DAVIS. I receive the answer from the
Senator, and I think I comprehend now that he
is not going to use any force, but it is a sort of
fighting that is to be done by votes and words;
and I think, therefore, the President need not
bring artillery and order out the militia to sup-
press them. I think, altogether, we are not in
danger of much bloodshed m the mode proposed
by the Senator from Tennessee.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I had not
quite done; but if the Senator is satisfied 
Mr. DAVIS. Quite satisfied. I am entirely
satisfied that the answer of the Senator shows
me he did not intend to fight at all; that it was
a mere figure of speech, and does not justify con-
verting the Federal capital into a military camp.
But it is a surt of revolution which he pro-
poses; it is a revolution under the forms of the
Government. Now, I have to say, once for all,
that, as long as 1 am a Senator here, I will not
use the powers 1 possess to destroy the very Gov-
ernment to which I am accredited. 1 will not at-
tempt, in the language of the Senator, to handcuff
the President. I will not attempt to destroy the
Administration by refusing any officers to admin-
ister its functions. I should vote, as I have done
to Administrations to which I stood in nearest
relation, against a bad nomination; but I never
would agree, under the forms of the Constitution,
and with the powers I bear as a Senator of the
United States, to turn those powers to the destruc-
tion of the Government 1 was sworn to support.
1 leave that to gentlemen wjio take the oath with
a mental reservation. It is not my policy. If I
must have revolution, I say lot it be a revolution
such as our fathers made when they were denied
their natural rights.
So much for that. It has quieted apprehension;
and I hope that the artillery will not be brought
here; that the militia will not be called out; and
that the female schools will continue theirscssions
as heretofore. [Laughter.] The authority of Mr.
Madison, however, was relied on by the Senator
from Tennessee; and he read fairly an extract
fiom Mr. Madison's letter to Mr. Webster, nnd
1 give him credit for reading what it seems to me
destroys his whole argument. It is this clause:
" The powers of the Government being exorcised, as in
other elective and responsible Government-?, umiei the
control of its constituents, the people, and the Leg'Ma-
tme-sof the Slates, and subject to the revolutionajyrighla
ot the people in exticme cubes."
Now, sir, we arc confusing language very much.
Men speak of revolution; and when they say rev-
olution, they mean blood. Our fathers meant
j nothing of the sort. When they spoke of iwoIu-
I tion, they spoke of an inalienable right. When
J they declared as an inalienable rii;ht the power of
!i the people to abiogate and modify their form of
'} Government whenever it did not answer the ends
![ for which it was established, they did not mean
that they were to sustain that by brute force.
They meant that it was a right; and force could
only be invoked when that right was wrongfully
denied. Great Britain denied the right in the case
of the colonies; and therefore our revolution for
independence was bloody. If Great Bntam had
admitted the great American doctrine, there would
have been no blood shed; and does it become the
descendants of those who proclaimed this as the
great principle on which they took their place
among the nations of the earth, now to proclaim,
if that is a right, it is one which you can only get
as the subjects of the Empeiorof Austria may get
their rights, by force overcoming force ? Are we,
m this age of civilization and political progress,
when political philosophy had advanced to the
point which seemed to render it possible that the
millennium should now be seen by prophctic eyes;
ore we now to roll back the whole current of hu-
man thought, and again to return to the mere brute
force which prevails between beasts of prey, as the
only method of settling questions between men?
If the Declaration of Independence be true,
(and who here gainsays it ?)*cvcry community
| may dissolve its connection with any other com-
munity previously made, and have no other obli-
gation than thatwhich results from the breach of
any alliance between States. Isittobesupposed;
could anjr man reasoning aprioricome to the con-
clusion that the men who fought the battles of the
Revolution for community independence—that
the men who stiuggled against the then greatest
military Power on the face of the globe in order
that they might possess those inalienable rights
which they had declared—terminated their great
efforts by transmitting posterity^) a condition in
which they could only gain those rights by force ?
If so, the blood of the Revolution was shed in
vain; no great principles were established; for ffrrce
was the law of nature before the battles of the
Revolution were fought.
1 see, then—-if gentlemen insist on using the
word " revolution " in the sense of a resort to
force—a very great difference between their opin-
ion and that of Mr. Madison. Mr. Madison put
the rights of the people over and above everything
else; and he said this was the Government tie jure
and de facto. Call it what name you will, he
understood ours to be a Government of the peo-
ple. The people never have separated themselves
from those rights which our fathers had declared
to be inalienable. They did not delegate to the
Federal Government the powers which the British
Crown exercised over the colonies; they did not
achieve their independence for any purpose so
low as that. They left us to the inheritance of
freemen, living in independent communities, the
States united for the purposes which they thought
would bless posterity. It is m the exercise of
this reserved right as defined by Mr. Madison,
as one to which all the powers of Government are
subject, that the people of a State in convention
have claimed to resume the functions which in
like manner they had made to the Federal Gov-
ernment.
1 pass from the argument of this question, which
I have previously said I did not intend to enter
into at large, to ask, why is the right denied ? It
is part of the history of our times, it is part of the
condition of the country, that the right is denied,
because this conflict between sections, in which
one was struggling for domination, the other for
existence, has been brought to the point where the
dominant section insists that it will hold the other
for its purposes; where it claims that we shall not
go in peace, nor remain with our rights; and if the
attempt be made to hold that position by force, we
accept the wager of battle.
Mississippi, in her brief history, claims to have
shown at Pensacola and New Orleans something
of the spirit of the freemen who achieved our in-
dependence. I was reared in a county where,
when the soil of a neighboring State was invaded
by a powerful foe, the draft was who should stay
at home, not who should go. I also have the sat-
isfaction to know that the present generation have
not derogated from the history of those who went
before it. From many a bloody field, both in for-
eign and Indian war, has ascended the proud spirit
of a Mississippian enshrined in glory, whence
they look down upon us to vindicate the honorable
fame of our State; and every heart beats true to
the impulse, of pride and the dictate of duty. If
this right were admitted, we should have less
cause to exercise it than we have. If admitted,
there would be less danger from a dominant sec-
tion than there is; there would be less tendency
to use power, when it was acquired, to the injury
of others. The denial of the right is a grievance
inflicted on all who fear that power will be used for
aggression. The concession of the right might
delay its exercise; and at the same time would
restrain the dominant section from abusing its
power so as to drive others to resort to it. Why
is the right denied ? It is an impractical question
%t best,- If you take us out of the history of our
country, throw us into a broad discussion of the
natural rights of man, we may answer by the facts
which are being enacted. States have gone out;
and what is the use of arguing their right? The
only questions which remain arc for yourselves:
first, have you the right to coerce them back? and
secondly, have you the power?
My friend from Louisiana, in closing his re-
marks, referred to the disastrous scenes which
might be occasioned by the invasion of the South.
He did not olFer the other side of the picture; and
yet I have seen that, in northern papers, he has
been criticised for saying even what he did. There
is, however, another side to the picture. An army
with banners would do but little harm in marching
through a country of plantations. They would
have but little power to subsist themselves in a
sparsely settled region. They would find it hard
to feed the army with which they invaded, and
would have no power to bring away prisoners
and fugitives. How stands it on the other side?
