312
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 10,
.ticinof Mr. Lincoln. It may be a source of gratifi-
cation to some gen tlemen that their friend is elected;
but no individual had the power to produce the ex-
isting state of things. It was the purpose, the end;
it was the declaration by himself and his friends,
which constitute the necessity of providing new
safeguards for ourselves. The mail was nothing,
save as he was the representative of opinions, of
a policy, of purposes, of power, to inflict upon
us those wrongs to which freemen never tamely
submit.
Senators, I have spoken longer than I desired.
I had supposed it was possible, avoiding argu-
ment and not citing authority, to have made to
you a brief address. It was thought useless to
argue a question which now belongs to the past.
The time is near at hand when the places which
have known us as colleagues laboring together,
can know us in that relation no more forever. I
have striven to avert the catastrophe which now
impends over the country, unsuccessfully; and I
regret it. For the few days which I may remain,
I am willing to labor in order that that catastrophe
shall be as little as possible destructive to public
peace and prosperity. If you desire at tins last
moment to avert civil war, so be it; it is better so.
If you will butallow us to separate from you peace-
ably, since we cannot live peaceably together, to
leave with the rights we had before we were united,
since we cannotenjoy them in the Union, then there
are many relations which may still subsist be-
tween us, drawn from the associations of our
struggles from the revolutionary era to the pres-
ent day, which may be beneficial to you as well
as to us.
If you will not have it thus; if in the pride of
power, if in contempt of reason and reliance upon
force, you say we shall not go, but shall remain
as subjects to you, then,gentlemen ol'thc North,a
war is to be inaugurated the like of which men have
not seen. Sufficiently numerous on both sides, in
close contact with only imagmaiy lines of division,
and with many means of approach, each sustained
by productive sections, the people of winch will
give freely both of money and of store, the con-
flicts must be multiplied indefinitely; and masses
of men, sacrificed to the demon of civil war, will
furnish hecatombs, such as the recent campaign in
Italy did notoffer. At theend of all this, what will
you have effected? Destruction upon both sides;
subjugation upon neither; a treaty of peace leaving
both torn and bleeding; the wail of the widow and
the cry of the orphan substituted for those peace-
ful notes of domestic happiness that now prevail
throughout the land; and then you will agree that
each is to pursue his separate course as best he
may. This is to be the end of war. Through a
long series of years you may waste your strength,
distress your people, and get at last to the posi-
tion which you might have had at first, had jus-
tice and reason, instead of selfishness and passion,
.folly and crime, dictated your course.
Js there wisdom, is there patriotism in the laud ?
If so, easy must be the solution of this question. '
If not, then Mississippi's gallant sons will stand
like a wall of fire around their State; and I go
hence, not in hostility to you, but ill love and ;
allegiance to her, to take my place among her I
sons, be it for good or for evil. !
I shall probably never again attempt to utter ;
here the language either of warning or of argument, j
I leave the case m your hands. If you soive it not j
before I go, you will have still to decide it. To-
wards you individually, as well as to those whom
you represent,! would that I bad the power now
to say there shall be peace between us forever.
I would that I had the power now to say the in-
tercourse and the commeice I etween the States,
iftheycannotlive in oneUnion,shall still be unin-
terrupted; that all the social relations shall remain
undisturbed; that the son in Mississippi shall
visit freely his father in Maim?, and the reverse;
and that each shall be welcomed when he goes to
the other, not by himself alone, but also by his
neighbors; and that all that kindly intercourse
which has subsisted between the different sections
of the Union shall continue to exist. It is not !
only for the interest of all, but it is my profound- :
est wish, my sincerest desire, that such remnant of !
that which is passing away may grace the memory
of a glorious, though too brief, existence.
Day by day you have become more and more
exasperated. False reports have led you to sup-
pose, there was in our section hostility to you with
manifestations which did not exist. In one case, I
well remember when the Senator from Vermont
[Mr. Collamer] was serving with me on a spe-
cial committee, it was reported that a gentleman
who had gone from a commercial house in New
York had been inhumanly treated at Vicksburg,
and this embarrassed a question which we then
had pending. I wrote to Vicksburg for informa-
tion, and my friends could not learn that such a
man had ever been there; but if he had been
there, no violence certainly had been offered to
him. Falsehood and suspicion have thus led you
on step by stop in the career of crimination, and per-
haps has induced to some part of your aggression.
Such evil effects we have heretofore suffered, and
the consequences now have their fatal culmina-
tion. On the verge of war, distrust and passion
increase the danger. To-day it is in the power
of two bad men, at the opposite ends of the tele-
graphic line between Washington and Charleston,
to precipitate the State of South Carolina and the
United States into a conflictof arms without other
cause to have produced it.
And still will you hesitate; still will you do
nothing? Will you sit with sublime indifference
and allowcvents to shape themselves ? No longer
can you say the responsibility is upon the Exec-
utive. He has throw© it upon you. He has noti-
fied you that lie can (M nothing; and you there-
fore know he will do nothing. He has told you
the responsibility now rests with Congress; and
I close as 1 began, by invoking you to meet that
responsibility, bravely to act the patriot's part.
If you will, the angel of peace may spread her
wings, though it be over divided States; and the
sons of the sires of the Revolution may still go
on in friendly intercourse with each other, ever
renewing the memories of a common origin, the
sections, by the diversity of their products and
habits, acting and reacting beneficially, the com-
merce of each may swell the prosperity of both,
and the happiness of all be still intei woven to-
gether. Thus may it be; anil thus it is in your
power to make it. [Applause ill the galleries.]
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Fom-er
in the chair.) The Sergeant-ut-A rms will take
care to remove disorderly persons in the gallery.
Order must be preserved.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, it has been
very hard for me, and I doubt not my Republi-
can associates around 111c, to bear the many mis-
apprehensions, not to say misstatements, of our
position, and to sec a perverted state of facts day
after day urged upon the Senate and the country
by gentlemen upon the other side. Wc have
listened to the Senator from Mississippi; and one
would suppose, 111 listening to Irim here, that he
was a friend of this Union, that lie desired the
perpetuity of this Government. He has a most
singular way of preserving it, and a most singu-
lar way of maintaining the Constitution. What
is it? Why, he proposes that the Government
should abdicate. If it will simply withdraw its
forccs from Charleston, and abdicate in favor
either of a mob or of the constituted authorities
of Charleston, we will have peace! lie dreads
civil war; and he will avoid it by a surrender!
He talks as if wo Republicans were responsible
for civil war if it ensues. If civil war comes, it
comes from those with whom lie is acting. Who
proposes to make civil war but South Carolina?
Who proposes to make civil war but Mississippi
and Alabama and Georgia, seizing, by force of
arms, upon the public property of tile United
States? Talk to us of making civil war! You
inaugurate it, and then talk of it as if it came from
the friends of the Constitution and the Union.
Here stands this gicat Government; here stands
the Union—a pillar, so to speak, already erected.
Do we propose to pull it down ! Do we propose
undermining the foundations of the Constitution
or disturbing the Union? Not at all; but the
proposition comes from the other side. They are
making war, and modestly ask us to have peace
by submitting to what they ask!
I agree in one thing with the Senator from Mis-
sissippi. 1 agree with him that there should have
been more decision and more resolution on the
part of the Government at the outset. If, when
lie was secrctly informed, as it seems lie was long
ago, that the public property of the United States
at Charleston was not to be protected; if, at that
time, he, as a military man, had advised the Piies-
ident of the United States to put the public prop-
erty at Charleston in a position to be defended,
secession would never have made the progress it
has. But, sir, it seems there was a complicity
with this thing. It was at least to be tolerated.
Assurances, it was said, were given that the Uni-
ted States would not protect itself: " Go on, you
seceding States; gather your strength; the United
States will do nothing to protect itself against
your assaults."
Mr. DAVIS. I did not hear the Senator's re-
marks. Does he refer to me as having secret in-
formation ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I referred to the Senator
from Mississippi as haVing said he understood
the pledge was given that the fortifications at
Charleston were to remain as they were; that
that pledge was given some time before the com-
missioners came here, and that they were to re-
main in that condition until after there was an
opportunity to treat.
Mr. DAVIS. Well, sir, since you have got
through a windy sortof explanation,allow me to
ask you where I said I got the information ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not know that the
Senator stated where lie got it.
Mr. DAVIS. It was a great pity, then, you
did not listen; for I think my remark was very
clear: in the papers that were here read yesterday.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then the Senator is not
responsible. I am informed by Senators around
.me, that the Senator from Mississippi did remark
that Senators around him knew of the pledge at
the time it is said to have been given.
Mr. DAVIS. Five or six Senators knew of the
agreement to maintain the status then existing.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is the point.
Mr. DAVIS. When I spoke of the assurance,
however, I referred to the papers which were
read. If the Senator wants to know whether 1
understood,before those papers were read at the
desk, that the status should remain, I tell him yes;
emphatically yes.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to know if
lie understood it before South Carolina seceded,
or passed her ordinance of secession?
Mr. DAVIS. I think not, sir.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope not.
Mr. DAVIS. You hope not! Why?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Because I should have
hoped that that Senator would have discounte-
nanced any such idea as leaving the Government
of the United States defenseless against the peo-
ple who were preparing to attack and assail and
destroy it.
Mr. DAVIS. Then I have to say to the Sen-
ator, his ideas of honor and my own are very dif-
ferent; that I should hold the man to be a scoundrel
who did not desire to have a garrison withdrawn,
if he believed that garrison might produce blood-
shed and could not do good.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I believe it could do good;
and it was the very weakness of the garrison that
has invited this secession in South Carolina. I
know not whether the rumors circulated about
the Capitol to-day be true; whether the gallant
Anderson, in addition to putting himself in Fort
Sumter, where he could defend himself,has now
sent a message to Charleston that has prevented
an attack upon the succor sent to his relief. I
know not whether the rumor be true that Major
Anderson informed the Governor of South Car-
olina that he would shell the city of Charleston,
and burn it to the ground, if another gun was
fired at the Star of the West; but I understand
the Star of the West has been permitted, after a
show of attack was made, to enter peacefully the
harbor of Charleston. If so, it is by the resolu-
tion of Major Anderson. The noble conduct of
that man has saved the shedding of blood 
Mr. GREEN. Let me ask the Senator one ques-
tion ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator from Illinois give way?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes, sir.
Mr. GREEN. Docs the Senator know—and
if he does, will he give me the information—on
what ground there was any just apprehension on
the part of Major Anderson for the movement he
made ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I suppose the whole coun-
try knows.
Mr. GREEN.- I do not want a supposition. I
want the facts.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Well, sir, the fact, I take
