1272
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
is the rule, and upon that rule I stand; and if the
Senate will adhere to its rules, I think I am safe
in the point I have taken.
Mr. BIGLER. I made the motion yesterday,
and I stated expressly my object.
Mr. HALE. I know it.
Mr. BIGLER. The Senator from New Hamp-
shire will perceive that the text upon which the
Senate is to act was presented here yesterday—
all that is vital. The reference was merely formal,
to attach to that text the series of resolutions
which are to be submitted as amendments to the
Constitution—a mere form. 1 foresaw that in all
probability it would be treated as an original bill,
and an effort made to carry it over by a single
objection; and I stated distinctly that my sugges-
tion to the Senator from Kentucky, that he should
extend his instructions further than he originally
proposed, and that he should not only instruct
the committee to report, but that their report
should be made the spccial order for one o'clock
to-day, was for the purpose of getting clcar of an
objection which might be raised by an individual
Senator, treating the bill as introduced to-day. I
say the resolutions were introduced yesterday.
They were not referred to be considered and
amended or substituted. The committee determ-
ined this morning that they had no power prop-
erly over the main question; that their duty merely
was to attach formal resolutions to the report for
the consideration of Congress. I think, therefore,
that the Senate yesterday virtually and fairly
made the resolutions of the peace conference the
order of the day at one o'clock to-day. That is
the position upon which i place myself. There
is no doubt about the rule; the Senator has read
that correctly.
Mr. HALE. The Senator from Pennsylvania
admits what I was going to contend, and that
was, that the objcct of his motion yesteiday, was
to deprive me of my constitutional rights under
the rules.
Mr. BIGLER. Not constitutional rights.
Mr. HALE. The rules are our constitutional
rights, because, by the Constitution, we have the
power to make rules; and a right that I have under
the rules is just as sacred as any right under the
Constitution. I want again to remind the Senate,
that rules are always made for the protection of
minorities. Majorities can take care of them-
selves. Now, sir, this resolution was broughtin
here and referred to this committee yesterday, j
no matter what for.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It was not a resolution
at all.
Mr. HALE. No matter what it was, it was
referred to the committee, and it was not compe-
tent for the Senate to take any action upon it until
the committee had discharged themselves by a
report, which they have done this morning, and
the rule says that every report shall lie on the
table one day. That is all I ask.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I have rather studied
to keep myself in ignorance of the rules of the
Senate, willing to abide the decision of the Pres-
ident of the body; and J have avoided it because
I thought itm othergentlemen, frequently,a very
troublesome sort of knowledge to the Senate. The
Senator from New Hampshire has risen here, and
made a question of order for the Chair to decide,
and has entertained the Senate with a learned dis-
cussion upon the question of whether the Senate
did light yesterday, in theorder which theymade.
After the Senate has made an order, it is compe-
tent to annul that order, upon a subsequent day,
by saying that it was an order made contrary to
the rules of the Senate ? I take it not. It is out
of time. When the order warf made, then, I take ,
it, it ought to have been objected to, if it was out j
of order, or if it was not competent for the Senate !
to make it. The Senate, however, in making the I
order, determined its competency to do it, and it j
is not for the gentleman to annul a proceeding of
yesterday, by saying thai it was out of order, or
to make any question of order upon it to-day.
Besides, I may say, though it may not be ex-
actly relevant to the question, that I marvel very ■
much to see little dilatory pleas put in and at- j
tempts to evade a great subject oy these nice
questions of order. Here is a subject affecting a !
whole nation. A nation stands breathlessly look- i
ing on now to your proceedings to decide their ;
doom; it may be either for peace or war, life or j
death to them; and the gentleman says our at- ;
tempt to do something on the subject is out of
order. I say I marvel that there can be in the
hearts of gentlemen a temper of this sort. But,
sir, that is for another part of the subject. I say
now, the Senator has no right to make this ques-
tion of order. The Senate has made an order,
and that settles the matter. It ought to have been
objected to when made; and the objection cannot
now be brought in. Otherwise. 1 do not know
that ©ur whole time would be sufficient for us to
discuss questions of order.
Mr. HALE. I ask that the Clerk read the first
paragraph of Jefferson's Manual.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I will hear it.
Mr. BIGLER. The Chair has decided; and,
as there is no appeal from his decision taken,
there is no question of order to be debated.
Mr. HALE. Has the Chair decided ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair has
not decided. The Secretary will read the extract
called for by the Senator from New Hampshire.
The Secretary read, as follows:
"Mr. Onslow, the ablest among the speakers of the House
of Common?, used to say : 'It was a maxim he had often
heard when he was a young man, from old and experienced
members, that nothing tended moic to thiow power into
the hands of admimstiation and those who acted with the
majority of the House of Commons, than a neglect of, or
depaiturefiom, the rules of proceeding. That these fonns,
as instituted by ourancestois, opeiatcd as a cheek and con-
trol on the actions of the majority, and that they were, m
many instances, a fchcltci and piotection to the minority,
against the attempts of powu.' do fat, the maxim is cei-
tdinly true, and i< lounded in good sensp, that as it is always
in the power of the majority, by their number* to stop any
impiopur measures pi oposed on the partof then-opponents,
the only weapons by which the miuouty can defend them-
selves asaiiht snniiai attempts fiotn tho>e m power, are the
forms aiid rules ol pioceedmg, which have been adopted as
they were found nece&sary from time to time, and are be-
come the law of the House, by a strict adhcience to which
the weaker paity can only be piotected fiom these uregu-
larities and abuses, which these forms weie intended to
check, and which the wantonness of power is but too often
apt to sugge&t to laige and successful majoiiues."
Mr. HALE. That is all.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. That is all. It was not
necessary for us to appeal to Mr. Onslow to know
what rules of order were made for. We all knew
that. How does the gentleman apply it here?
lie gets up out of time and out of season and out
of order, and undertakes to make a question of
order. I say that was a question for yesterday,
and is not a question for to-day. The gentleman
himself is out of order. It was perfectly compe-
tent for the Senate to make that older; at any
rate, they have decided it, and it is not a question
of order now to say that the act of the Senate
was out of order. The act of a member may be
out of order; he may speak out of order; he may
act out of order; but who shall decide that the
Senate is out of order? I should like to know
that. Certainly not the Presiding Officer. The
Senate alone is competent to reverse its own or-
dcis and its own decisions,but not the Chair, not
its Presiding Officer. It was the judgment of the
Senate upon the very question which the gentle-
man suggests now, that he desires to overturn.
This is my view of the subject, but I will not de-
tain the Senate longer on such a question.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It may be, Mr. Presi-
dent 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
remark that this debate is proceeding by the
unanimous consent of the Senate, liable to inter-
ruptions by any Senator, for a question of order
is not debatable.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If any objection be in-
terposed, I have not a word to say.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
hears no objection. The Senator from Maine will
proceed
Mr. FESSENDEN. What T was about to say
was, that it is barely possible that all of us do not
look upon this report that has come in from the
peace congress, as it is called, with the eyes of
the honorable Senator from Kentucky. In his
view, it may be that the peace and welfare of this
great country depend upon the action of those
very respectable gentlemen who have been in ses-
sion at the other end of the avenue, of whom I
believe I was nominally one; but it may be that
some of us think that the peace and welfare of
the country are not so dependent upon their opin-
ions; that we have opinions of our own in refer-
ence to this matter, upon which we are quite at
liberty to act; and consequently that we do not
labor under the terrible responsibilities that are
said to be imposed upon us if we choose to adhere
to the rules of the Senate.
Now, sir, what was done yesterday; and in the
first place, what are the rules of thisbody? There
is a rule of the Senate that no rule can be changed
except on one day's notice. There has been no
notice given of any attempt to change the rule
which has been read by the Senator from New
Hampshire. Another rule is that no report of a
committee can be considered upon the same day
upon which it is made, if it be objected to by any
member. Has anything taken place in this body-
to deprive the Senator from New Hampshire of
the right to make this objection, which belongs
to every member? The rules have not been
changed, for no notice has been given of a change
from any quarter, and the rule requiring the re-
port of a committee to lie over stands to-day
where it did yesterday. Then, what was done
yesterday? It was voted by the Senate that the
committee should make its report to-day, and
that it should be the special order for to-day at
one o'clock. Very well, there is no objection to
that.
The special order at one o 'clock is the report of
the committee, if it comes in ; but did the Senate
vote yesterday that that special order at one
o'clock, whatever it might be, should not be sub-
ject to the rules of the Senate, but should over-
ride all the rules under which we act; should over-
ride the rule that the rules themselves cannot be
changed, except on one day's notice; should over-
ride the rule that the report of a committee is sub-
ject to he put over on the objection of a single
member? Not at all. We did not vary the rules
by anything we did yesterday. We simply de-
cided, as we might decide, that the report of the
committee should come in and be made the special
order, and if nobody objected* it would go on and
be considered; but if anybody does object, the
rules are still in operation, I take it, and the special
order must have been made subject to the rules.
My friend from Vermont [Mr. Coll.ajiep.1 sug-
gests that making it a special order only give it a
preference over other business, so far as to have
the report made at this time; but the Senate did
not vote that we should go on in contravention of
all the rules under which we act here, in opposi-
tion to those regulations which are made, as the
Senator from New Hampshire says, for the pro-
tection of the minority, to consider it, because
there was a vote yesterday to that effect; other-
wise the result must be what he says, that the vote
of a majority may at any moment override all the
rules of the Senate, if you pass the vote a day be-
forehand. Itcannotbeso. The objection is made,
and Senators must consider it with reference to
those binding regulations to whose authority we
all bow, and not overlook it because the Senator
from Kentucky chooses to consider that this is so
very important a matter as to throw reproach on
any member who dares to appeal to the protection
of the rules.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. The Senator hasadded
very little to the argument. He has dealt, as his
manner is too frequently, a little ungraciously and
personally. The gentleman from Kentucky, he
says, is assuming this, that, and the other. I
should be very sorry that any such accusation
should be well-founded against me here. I con-
sider myself certainly m no way entitled to ar.y
sort of superiority over my brother Senators, and
i I hope I have never assumed it. The gentleman,
I say, has added nothing to the argument, exccpt
it be a slight personal disparagement of the con-
vention, and the repiimand of what he supposed
to be my presumption. I say, sir, that I have Leon
guilty of no presumption; nothing that you have
a right to characterize in any such way.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I -made no attempt to
characterize it in any way.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. You did, as I under-
stood.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Well, sir; I understand
it differently.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If no other
Senator interposes, the Chair must do so, and
stop debate on the question of order.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I know the temper of
some gentlemen; I know it perfectly well; and I
intend to reply to everything that has been said;
and I am willing to take every responsibility, and
so shall every man on this question. 1 say this
is an attempt by indirection and by little petty
