1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
313
it, is known to that Senator, as well as myself,
that South Carolina has pretended to assume her
sovereign rights; and it has been publicly talked
of, that if she is to be a sovereign State—and he
knows it as well as I do—she'must assert her
sovereignty over her territorial jurisdiction.
Mr. GREEN. Let me ask this question: does
lier secession imply her right to assume jurisdic-
tion over the whole of her territory?
Mr. TRUMBULL. If she has the right to
secede, it would; but, in my judgment, her seces-
sion amounts to nothing.
Mr. GREEN. Ah!
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is nothing but rebellion;
it is nothing but insurrection But not only in
South Carolina, where there was the pretense of
secession to justify the act, which, I think, really
amounts to nothing, but in Georgia, and in Ala-
bama, which have not secedcd, wc are told that
the public property of the United States has been
seized; and the Senator from Mississippi thinks
the best way to avoid civil war is for the United
States to withdraw their forces, to surrender their
forts, and strike the flag under which he was
nurtured, and beneath which lie has marched so
often. The stars and stripes have been taken
down from the United States buildings in the city
of Charleston, and trampled in the dust, and a
palmetto flag, with a snake, reared in their place;
but if we would avoid civil war, we are told, we
must submit to this ! Why, sir, any people can
have peace at the price of degradation. No despot
makes war upon subjects who submit their necks
to the tread of his heel. But if we would main-
tain constitutional liberty; if we would maintain
constitutional freedom; if we would maintain this
great Government; we must not suffer every fac-
tion, and every mob, and every State, thnUHiinks
proper, to trample its flag under foot.
Now, sir, I have a word to say, and r shall be
brief, in regard to thisdoctrine of secession. The
Senator from Mississippi supposes that a State
has the right to secede, because lie cannot find in
the Constitution the clause which says that a
State shall not secede. 1 believe the Senator from
Ohio, [Mr. Pugh,] whom the Senator from Missis-
sippi complimented so highly to-day, made that
wonderful discovery a few days ago, and he read
that clause of the Constitution which declares
that—
'•The powers not delegated to the United States by the
Constitution, nor prohibited by it to the States, areleserved
to the States respectively, or to the people."
Now, he says, show us the clause of the Con-
stitution of the United States that prohibits a State
from withdrawing. If he will look at the Con-
stitution of the United States he will find that it
imposes many inhibitions upon the States:
"No State shall, without the consent of Congress, lay
any unpobts 01 Unties on import** or export's.51 &e.
"No State shall.without thooonsenr ot Confess," *
*•*•"" entei into any agteemcnt or compact with
another State, or with a foreign l'owci," &c.
If it can seccde, clearly it may enter into an
agreement or compact,if' it is a sovereign inde-
pendent nation, as the Senator from Mississippi
contends. Well, it has no power to do this. But
he will say, after it secedes it may do it. Then
what is your Constitution good for? If a State,
by declaring itself out of the Union, can release
itself from all its constitutional obligations, do you
not perceive that no constitutional obligation is
binding upon it at all? It is only another way of
evading a constitutional obligation. Is not here
a positive prohibition in this Constitution that no
State shall exercise these sovereign powers? And
yet the Senator from Ohio wants to see the clause
that she shall not secede. Why, do you notfind
it here? If she can secedc, cannot she exorcise
everyone of them,andis not the power expressly
granted in the Constitution—
"To make all laws winch shall ho necessary and proper
for earning into execution the forecroing powers, and other
powers'vestcd by this Constitution m the Government of
the United States."
Now, what power is vested by this Constitu-
tion ? The power to prevent a State from coining
money; the power to prevent a State frommaking
compacts and entering into alliances with other
States; the power to preventa State from levying
imposts or duties; and yet the Senator wants to
know where is the authority in the Constitution to
prevent a State from seceding ?
Sir, it is very clear to my mind that this doc-
trine of secession is utterly destructive of a con-
stitutional Government. On the same principle,
a county may secede from a State, and a town
from a county. The Senator from Kentucky
[Mr. Crittenden] has been talking about com-
promises, and has introduced a string of resolu-
tions here. When they are adopted, what is your
Government good for? What is to prevent the
State of Illinois next week, or the State of Ken-
tucky the following week, from seceding:, as South
Carolina has done, and demanding new guaran-
tees as a condition of the existence of the Union?
By submitting to this doctrine, you destroy the
stability of the Government. Constitutional Gov-
ernments are worth nothing if this doctrine is to
obtain; and hence it is that those of us who are
for sustaining the Constitution and sustaining the
Union, believe that the question involved is the
existence of constitutioiftil government. We now
have nothing to do with the extension of African
slavery—that is not the question before the Amer-
ican people; but the question is, " Has this Gov-
ernment any power to protect itself?" In other
words, have wo a Government at all? That is
what is to be tested. The people of Illinois be-
lieve we have a Government, and a Government
that has power to maintain itself, not by making
civil war, but by enforcing the laws, and defending
itself against those who would make war upon it.
But wc are told that wc cannot coerce a State;
and this is repeated here from day to day. No
one proposes to coerce a State. Reference is made
to the debates in the convention which formed
the Constitution of the United States, to show that
it was there argued that the Federal Government
could not coerce a State. I agree to it. Why
were those arguments made? Because,under the
old Confederation , the Federal Government acted
upon States; and it was to show the inefficiency
of that system as a reason for forming a more
perfect union, to get rid of the difficulties of the
old Confederation. When, under that system of
government, Congress made requisitions upon
States to raise money or to raise men, each State
acted at its discretion. Some States raised the
money and the men, and the others did not; and
there was no way by which the Congress could
compel the States to act. This defect in the old
Articles of Confederation was pointed out in the
convention which formed the present Constitu-
tion; and hence they adopted a different form of
Government. Ilow different? Why, a Govern-
ment acting upon individuals; a Government un-
der which the power should exist to execute the
laws by the Government itself upon individuals
in different portions of the Republic; and that is
the difference between this Government of ours
as it exists underthe Constitution, and that under
the old Articles of Confederation.
But, sir, what is this cause of complaint? Why
is it that the southern States are inaugurating civil
war? I have as much horror for it as the Sena-
tor from Mississippi. I would do anything hon-
orable to avoid it. I certainly will not be the
instrument to inaugurate it. But what is it the
Senator from Mississippi [Mr. Davis] complains
of? To use his language, he says, if you arc
to make us hewers of wood and drawers of
water for you in the North, we will not submit.
If they are to be reduced to subjection to the
North, they will not submit. I will not ask them
to do so. So far as I am concerned, I will ask
them to submit to nothing that I will not submit
to myself. I ask to impose no inequality upon
the State of Mississippi.
Mr. GREEN. Will the Senator allow n>e to
ask him a question'1
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes, sir.
Mr. GREEN. It is a very simple one. No
State, neither Illinois, nor Missouri, nor Missis-
sippi, can go into a Territory, but the citizens
may. Docs he accord to each of those citizens
the same right to take property, and to hold and
enjoy it there, under the provision of law ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am glad to hear the Sen-
ator from Missouri say that no State has a right
in the Territory. I have often argued that. I
agree with him.
Mr. GREEN. I did not say so. They have
a right, but they cannot go there. A State is a
sovereignty, and canno£ go outside of its juris-
diction; but yet it may have rights.m property
belonging to all the States; and I am sorry the
Senator has not sense enough to understand that
point.
Ilow me
V/
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should be sorry to have
to borrow any from my friend from Missouri.
Mr. GREEN. I have jblenty to lend.
Mr. TRUMBULL. He has discovered, he
says, that a State cannot go into a Territory; and
yet he says a State has a right in a Territory. "It
has no right in a Territory. I have stated that
once, and I will come to it again by and by.
Mr. GREEN. Mr. President 
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator from Mis-
souri will keep his seat, I understand h-im better
than he understands himself; and I will show him
directly what I understand about the citizens of a
State going into a Territory,
Mr. GREEN. Mr. President, he does not un-
derstand me. I claim the right to explain myself.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator from Mis-
souri will be a little patient, he will find that I
understand him; and that I will state his position
fairly. Let him wait until I get through.
Mr. GREEN. I am misrepresented' by the
Senator from Illinois, and I claim the right to
explain myself.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Illinois is entitled to the floor, unless he
yields it to the Senator from Missouri.
Mr. GREEN. The Senator has already mis-
represented me, and I claim the right to explain.
Mr. TRUMBULL- If I have already mis-
represented the Senator, I will hear his statement.
Mr. GREEN. I did not say a State had no
right in a Territory. I said a State had a right
in a Territory because that Territory belonged to
all the States; but as a State had no right to go
into a Territory, but the citizens of a State had,
I wanted to know whether the citizens of that
State should all have an equal right to enjoy their
property under the protection of Jaw.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I understood the Senator
precisely as I understand him now. I understood
him to say that the State could not go into a Ter-
ritory; and I Understand him now to say a State
has a right in a Territory. Now, I deny that a
State has any right in a Territory. The Terri-
tories do not belong to the States; and the States
have no more to do with the Territories than the
counties of a State have. The Territories of the
United States belong just as completely to the
General Government as if there were no subdi-
visions of the United States into States. The
State of Missoxm has no more right in the Terri-
tory than the city of St. Louis. Does the Senator
from Missouri understand that, with all hissense?
I tell him, that I will give to a citizen of the State
of Missouri precisely the same right to go into
the territory of the United States that 1 claim for
myself or any constituent of mine. .
Mr. GREEN. Will the Senator allow me one
half minute ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think I understood the
Senator. If I have misrepresented him, I will
hear him; but otherwise, I prefer to go on and
expose this fallacy.
Mr. GREEN. Very well. If he declines to
allow me to make an explanation, I will answer
him at some other time to his heart's content.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Sir, I am tired to death
of this constantcryaboutthe inequality ofStatcs.
The Senator from Oregon—I do not mean the one
who sits nearest mc (Mr. Baker]—scarcc ever
makes a speech, that he docs not speak about
equal rights and the equality of the States; as if
any man in America denied the equality of the
States in this Confederacy.
Having shown, then, that, as a State, no State
has a right in the common Territories, I now say,
in regard to individuals, that I will give to the in-
dividuals all over this land the same rights to go
into the Territories of the United States; but I
will give none of them, from my State or Mis-
souri, the right to take the law of Illinois or the
law of Missouri into the Territories. If the Sen-
ator from Missouri cannot go into a Territory
with his slaves, neither can I. If the Senator
from Missouri cannot go into aTerritory with the
banking system of Missouri, neither can I take
the banks of Illinois in which I am interested into
a Territory. Nothing which is the creature of
local law can any man take to a Territory. I
apprehend, sir, there is nothing in this cry of
inequality in legard cither to the States or to
citizens. We.are all to have the same rights.
But the Senator from Kentucky has presented
a proposition—a very strange one; and, as I anil
