1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
atorfrom Missouri has asked that question, as it
will lead me to make a remark or two about that
provision in the fugitive slave law. There is a
provision in that act which has no practical im-
portance; which I never could conceive of any
reason for putting there, except it was to make it
repulsive to northern sentiment  i /
Mr. GREEN. I want an answer. w
Mr, TRUMBULL. The Senator will Ret an
answer. 1 never dodge a question. He will get
an answer. Let him be patient. The fugitive
slave law contains a clause declaring it to be the
duty of all good citizens to aid in its execution.
There is no penalty attached to a refusal to com-
ply with this requirement. Why was it putthere?
No citizen is bound to aid in the arrest of fugitive
slaves under that law because of those words,
any more than if they were not there. It is an
offensive provision. Now, then, if the Senator
from Missouri wants to know if I will voluntarily
(for it amounts to that) make myself a catcher
of runaway negroes, I tell him, no. I would not
do it either in the North or the South. I would
not do it if I lived in a slave State.
Mr. GREEN. Under the command of a law-
ful officer authorized to do it?
Mr. TRUMBULL. No officer has any power
to command me to do it.
Mr. GREEN. When resisted by a mob?
Mr. TR.UMBULL. Now, you are putting
another question.
Mr. GREEN. Then I ask you will you aid
and assist in arresting a criminal, a perjurer, a
robber, a thief, and a knave ? Will you do that?
Mr. TRUMBULL. When, Mr. President,
the laws are disobeyed, and it becomes my duty
to aid in their execution, even if it be in South
Carolina, I am for discharging that duty; but be-
cause I am for enforcing the laws, I am not, as a
private citizen, for stepping out of the way to go
hunting either horse thieves or negroes, unless it
suits my convenience to do so.
Mr. GREEN. Very well; then am I to un-
derstand the Senator 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator from Illinois give way ?
Mr. GREEN. Will lie allow me ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes, sir; I will allow
him.
Mr. GREEN. Am I to understand him to say
that he will not assist, if called upon.by a legal
officer under a lawful writ, to arrest a fugitive slave
or a criminal, unless he choose to do so,and that
if the legal process is resisted, and the posse com-
itatus is called upon, he wilt not go unless he
chooses >
Mr. BAKER. I suppose he will not unless he
chooses, anyhow. [Laughter.]
Mr. GREEN. You suppose; but I want no
supposition. I want his answer. That is much
better.
The PR.ESIDING OFFICER. Gentlemen will
preserve order. The Senator from Illinois is en-
titled to the floor.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, when I
become a police officer, I shall endeavor to dis-
charge my duties; but I shall not go about hunt-
ing for fugitives, or hunting for negroes, unless it
comes particularly in my way. 1 am not charged
with these duties; and 1 say to the Senator from
Missouri now, if he wants to know, in regard to
joining the posse comitatus, there is no power to
compel any man to join the posse comitatus against
his will.
Mr. GR.EEN. Very well; I understand.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The laws of the United
States, including the fugitive slave law, do not
compel any man to join theposse comitatus to catch
a fugitive slave. There is no penalty attached to
the lefusal to comply with theprovision declaring
it to be the duty of all good citizens to aid in the
execution of the fugitive slaie law.
Mr. GREEN. Do I understand you to say that
you will not do it unless you choose?
Mr. TPJJMBULL. I do tell the Senator from
Missouri that I will not, unless I choose, help to
catch a runaway negro. If he wants to know if
I will help to catch a murderer, I tell him that
will depend on the circumstances of the case. If
a murder was committed last night m the city of
New York, I do not expect to take the cars to-
night to go there to help arrest the murderer; but,
under different circumstances, when a murder was
committed in my presence, and the officers wore
not at hand, 1 might, as a citizen, arrest the mur-
derer. It would depend on circumstances.
Mr. GREEN. Now, let me ask him another
question. Suppose the Senator was at his own
home, and a fugitive slave went through his own
town, and was arrested by his own marshal or
commissioner under a lawful writ, under the fugi-
tive slave law, and a mob was raised to rescue
him, and the public were called upon, including
the Senator, would he obey that order?
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator changes his
issue, and asks another question.
Mr. GREEN. I do not change it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Well, sir, I shall not, of
course, suffer myself to be interrogated, and to
answer every question which the Senator from
Missouri may ask; but in regard to thatquestion,
and then I am done witlrthis questioning: I think
I have answered him pretty fully already. I will
state, and have already stated, that there is no
penalty annexed to the refusal of a citizen to join
the posse comitatus under the fugitive slave act.
Mr. MASON. Will the Senator allow me one
moment? I do not propose to interrogate him.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I give way.
Mr. MASON. I understand the Senator to say
that he never could understand certain provisions
of the law for the reclamation of fugitive slaves;
and one of them was, that it required the posse
comitatus, or the power of the county, to aid the
officer in executing the writ, and yet imposed no
penalty for disobedience. That, I understood
to bo the objection to the law.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I say that is the law.
Mr. MASON. Very well; that is the objection
to the law.
Mr. GREEN. Mr. President 
Mr. MASON. Allow me to go on- Thatlaw
is simply this—and if there be any defect m it, I
probably am more responsible than others—the
law authorizes the marshals and the deputy maf-
shals to execute the process. Other laws of the
United States authorize the marshals and deputy
marshals, in the execution of the process, if they
are resisted, or apprehend resistance, to summon
the power of the county to enable them to do it;
and the fugitive slave law does this in addition:
it appoints a number of officers as commissioners
to determine upon the right of the claimant, and
for c.onvcnicnce authorizes those commissioners,
if necessary, to depute special officers to execute
their mandates; and it gives to these special offi-
cers, wh.it the. marshals always had, the power
to summon a posse if they were resisted. Now
the Senator says there is no penalty. Why, I
take it for granted the Senator knows that at
common-law the sheriff has the right to summon
i\posse; and if any disobey, does the Senatormcan
to say there is no penalty' If any disobey, they
commit a misdemeanor, and are indictable for
that misdemeanor in refusing to obey the order
of the executive officer. The marshal has the
same power; and these deputies appointed under
the fugitive slave law have that power; and if
any refuse to obey, they commit a misdetne'anor,
and are punishable for it.
Mr. GREEN. Mr. President 
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let me answer the Sen-
ator from Virginia now. I cannot be interrupted
by two at once.
Mr. GREEN. I only desire to make a re-
mark.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Illinois is entitled to the floor, unless he
chooses to yield it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from Vir-
ginia seems to suppose that it is a misdemeanor,
at common-law, to refuse to join the posse comi-
tatus when properly summoned. Be it so. We
have no common-law offenses in the United States
courts. It is no misdemeanor in this country,
except it be under a statute; and there is no gen-
eral statute of the United States imposing a pen-
alty or making it an offense to refuse to join the
posse comitatus. There are some specific laws,
some, I think, in regard to revenue, where, if a
person refuses to join the posse, he is subjected
to penalties; but there is no general law of that
kind, and a man is not subject to be indicted for
a misdemeanor who refuses to join a posse, when
commanded by a marshal, under this fugitive
slave law.
Mr. GREEN. Will theSenator allow me once
more, and I will ask him no further questions?
The PRESIDING OFFICEIt. Does the Sert-
ator from Illinois give way to the Senator from
Missouri?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Will this be thfe last i
Mr. GREEN. This will be the last.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Well.
Mr. GREEN. Everybody knows that it is the
duty of the Senator, if called upon to assist in
executing the law, to turn out and assist in doing
it. He will not answer whether he will do it or
not; but says he has a right to refuse because
there is no penalty. I say this: that a man who
violates his duty because there is no penalty to
coerce him, is as bad as the man who incurs the
penalty of death.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That, then, I suppose, is
the question which the Senator from Missouri
wanted to ask me.
Mr. GREEN. That is the question; yes, sir.
Mr. TRUMBULL. He has interpolated a
speech, instead of asking a question.
Mr. GREEN. I have asked 
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator has prom-
ised, I believe, to be still. Now, sir, there being
no obligation—and there has been a misapprehen-
sion in regard to that matter, I think, in the public
mind—there being no legal obligation upon the
citizcn to join the posse, I think it was a mistake
of the Senator from Virginia to put such a clause
in the law; a clause offensive to the public senti-
ment of the North, and which did not strengthen
the law at all. In regard to this thing of joining
the posse comitatus, all good citizens, when the
laws are resisted, should hold themselves ready
upon proper occasions, and at proper times, to aid
in their enforcement. Our institutions rest upon
the respect of the people for the laws; but as to
whether, in a particular instance, a man will join
the posse comitatus or not, will depend on the cir-
cumstances of the case.
But, sir, I did not intend making any length-
ened remarks, but only to reply in a few words
to what I thought to be the false assumptions of
Senators on the other side as to this whole con-
troversy. I shall not take up the time of the Sen-
ate by going into any lengthened argument, but
will stale in a few words what I suppose to be
our duty here; and that is, in the first place, to
endeavor to maintain the Constitution and the laws
as wo have them. When the attack is made by
the seceding States, or by mobs in the southern
States, upon the constituted authorities, there can
be no doubt as to our duty in such a case. I was
saying, when interrupted, that the North was not
disposed to make any encroachments upon the
South. 1 was saying that even this fugitive slave
law would most likely be better executed under
Mr. Lincoln's administration than under Mr.
Buchanan's, and was giving some reasons for this
opinion. We know that Mr. Lincoln, in his pub-
lic speeches, has said that so long as this statute
stands, objectionable as it may be, he would con-
sider it his duty to have it executed. He has
said, further, that, in his opinion, the slave own-
ers were entitled, under the Constitution, to a
reasonable law to reclaim their runaway slaves;
and he has said that he would not object to any
law for that purpose which was not more likely
to enslave a free man than your common crimi-
nal laws are to punish an innocent one. Now,
does the Senator from Virginia want anything
more than that? Would he not be satisfied with
a law which should give no more chancc for a
fugitive slave to escape than there is to convict an
innocent man under our criminal laws ?
Mr. MASON. If the Senator wants an an-
swer, I will say to him that my experience of the
execution of the fugitive slave law in most of the
non-slavcholding States shows that the law is of
no value to the South.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Well, sir, if that be so,
I apprehend the fault is not with the Federal Gov-
ernment; the fault is not with the Republican
party; and it seems to me, if you have all you
want, and all you ask, in regard to the fugitive
slave law, and then, if we stand by the compro-
mise measures of 1850, you ought to be satisfied.
We only complicate things, we only increase the
difficulties, when we come forward to overturn
these settlements; and now I do appeal to my
fiiend from Kentucky, and ask him why he can-
not join me, and stand right by the compromise
measures of 1850? The Senator from Missouri,
1 understand, is willing to do that. That needs
