816
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 10,
no new legislation. You contend that, under the
compromise of 1850, you have the right to take
slaves into the Territories. I deny it. I do not
think so. We differ about that right; but let that
difference exist. We can get along with that.
We have got along with it for ten years. Why
disturb these compromises ? They gave peace to
the country at a time of great disturbance.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. X suppose the Senator
does not wish me to answer him now, but desires
to conclude his argument.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 do not desire to engage
the Senator from Kentucky in a discussion at this
time, but simply to call his attention to the com-
Eromise of 1850, and see if we do not stand in a
etter position just as we are than by attempting
to patch up some new compromise. For my
life, I cannot see the occasion for all this agita-
tion in the country and'for States threatening to
go out of the Union, unless it be simply the fact
that the Republican party has, in the constitu-
tional mode, elected its candidate for the Piesi-
dency. That is all I can see. Inasmuch as we
have not been in power, wo certainly have done
nothing; and although Senators who say they
iove the Union will pick out an isolated passage
from Mr. Lincoln's speeches, or from the speeches
of some extreme man, and reiterate it over and
over again, as if further to inflame the public mind,
still, when you come back and look at the public
course of the President elect, at his avowed opin-
ions, at the platform upon which he is elected,
you will find nothing that interferes in the least
with the rights of the South; nothing that denies
the equality of the States; nothing that denies the
equality of any individual from any of the States
in the common Territories of the United States.
It is a mistaken notion to suppose that a person
from any portion of the country can take to the
Territories the laws and the institutions which
owe their existence to the local legislation in his
own State. Then, it seems to me, all we have to
do is to rally around the Constitution, sustain the
constituted authorities of the country, and, my
word for it, if that is done, one year will not
elapse, after Mr. Lincoln shall be inaugurated as
President, before his administration will have
shown by its afcts—and it seems that is the only
way we can ever show it to the South—that no
encroachment is to be made upon the rights of
the South; we shall have a better state'of "feeling
in this country than we have had for many years.
That, sir, I hope to sec, and I believe that we
shall see it. The misrepresentation has been so
persistent, so often repeated as to the views of the
Republican party, that it seems impossible to dis-
abuse the minds of the people of the South, until
by our acts we show that we intend no encroach-
ment upon their rights.
Mr, MASON, "Mr, President 
Mr. GREEN. I desire the Senator from Vir-
ginia to permit me to take the iloor for next
Monday.
Mr. MASON. I wanted to propose only this:
my colleague, who is not now in the Senate [Mr.
Hunter,] having been called away, I understand
has the floor to-morrow on a resolution that he
offered some time ago, and which was made the
order of the day for to-morrow.
The subject now before the Senate is the Pres-
ident's message, and I understood that the Senator
from New York, [Mr. Seward,] having the floor
for Saturday, will continue the discussion on this
message on Saturday. I move, therefore, that its
further consideration bepostponcd until Saturday,
which willgive way for my collcaguc to-morrow,
and the Senator from New Yoilc, will have the
iloor on this question on Saturday. Then the
Senator from Missouri can take it for Monday. '
The PRESIDING OFFICER. What is the
hour the Senator named?
Mr. MASON. My motion is to postpone the
further consideration of this subject until Saturday,
and make it the special order for one o'clock.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I give notice that I will
move to postpone all business to take up and con-
sider the resolutions of pacification, and to con-
tinue them to the exclusion of ail other business
until they are disposed of.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
before the Senate is, that the President's message
which 13 now under discussion upon a motion to
print, be postponed until Saturday, and be made
the special order for one o'clock on that day.
Mr. CAMERON. I move to amend that prop-
osition by sayingthat the whole subject be post-
poned until Monday. One of the Senators from
New .York has given notice that on Saturday he
intends to address the Senate, and I do not want
any special order made that will interfere with
him.
Several Senators. He is' to speak 011 this
question.
Mr. CAMERON. Very well, then.
Mr. BIGLER. The motion to postpone is
perfectly right.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, January 10, 1861.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Tiiomas H. Stockton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House orders of the Postmaster Gen-
eral for deductions, fines, remissions, &c., on the
pay of mail contractors, from July 2, 1859, to
June 30,1860; which was laid on the table, and
ordered to be printed.
SELECT COMMITTEE.
The SPEAKER appointed Mr. Howard, of
Michigan; Mr. Branch, of North Carolina; Mr.
Dawes, of Massachusetts; Mr. John Cochrane,
of New York; and Mr. Hickman, of Pennsylva-
nia, as members of the select committee ordered
by the House on the 9th instant, to whom the
special message of the President was referred,
•with certain instructions.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. ROTELER. 1 respectfully ask the unan-
imous consent of the House to make a personal
explanation.
The SPEAKER. If no objection iy made, the
gentleman will proceed. The Chair hears no ob-
jection.
Mr. BOTELER. My attention was arrested
this morning by a paragraph in a paper published
in the district which I have the honor to repre-
sent, stating that the motion I submitted hereon
the second day of the present session, calling for
the appointment of a committee of one from each
State of the Union to take into consideration the
present perilous condition of the country, was
made at the instance of a member of the Repub-
lican party. Now, sir, I do not choose to have
any such representation made in reference to my
action. I do not choose that it shall go forth to
the public, and especially to the people who have
intrusted mc with the care of their interests, and
the protection of their honor upon this floor, that
1 ncXcd at the instance of a member of the Repub-
lican party upon that occasion.
My political career has been a brief and an
humble one; but I am not willing, brief and hum-
ble as it is, that it. shall be tainted, directly or
indirectly, by any suspicion of a want of loyalty
on my part to the good old Commonwealth of
which lam a citizen. I made that motion, sir,
upon my own responsibility as one of the Rep-
resentatives of Virginia. I made it after consulta-
tion with prominent gentlemen upon the Demo-
cratic side of the House, and with prominent
gentlemen belonging to the party to which I have
the honor to belong—the southern Opposition
party. There were other gentlemen who had
similar propositions ready to submit at that time.
The gentleman from North Carolina [Mr. "Wins-
low] and the gentleman before me from New
York [Mr. John Cochrane] had similar prop-
ositions; and the distinguished gentleman from
Tennessee [Mr. Maynakd] had a proposition of
the same sort. I conferred with them, and they
agreed with me in the propriety of my offering
that resolution. I claimed the privilege of sub-
mitting that motion, because I came from the
district which had suffered most wrong at the.
hands of those who belong to the anti«slavery
party of the North. 1 made that motion in no
craven spirit of submission. I made it, holding out
no white flag of truce in order that I might obtain
for those I represent terms of surrender. I made
it in order to afford those upon the other side of
the House an opportunity to state to us and to the
countsy whether they meant to tender to us the
olive branch of peace or the sword. I made it
that they might state to us fully, fairly, and face
to face, through their representative men upon
thatNcmnmittee, whether they meant to be what
we hau declared to the world they were, or whether
they meant to be conservative, as some of them
professed to be.
I confess I am disappointed in the action of
that committee. I was disappointed, sir, in the
manner in which that committee was constituted.
I am disappointed in the time which it has taken
to report. It has had every opportunity for con-
ference. One month has elapsed since the com-
mittee was raised; and the country has been look-
ing with anxious expectation to see what would
be the result of their deliberations. The mem-
bers of that committee have been excused from
service upon this floor. Every facility has been
afforded them, and yet they have not, up to this
time, made a report, or indicated their disposi-
tion to do so. Now, they must know that this is
trifling with the best interests of the country. I
am not one of those who yet despair of the Re-
public. I have bound to my heart of hearts the
heroic maxim which gave Rome the empire of
the world: " Never despair of the Republic;" but
I must confess that, during the last week, my
hopes have been dying out. And if that commit-
tee do not soon report some measure of relief to
the House, or if the House docs not take some
effective action, I believe, ere another week elapses,
it will be too late for those who desire to preserve
this Union to save it from destruction.
UNION RESOLUTIONS NEW YORK.
Mr. SICKLES, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented to the House preamble and resolutions
adopted by the mayor, aldermen, and common-
alty of the city of New York, in reference to the
state of the Union; which were laid on the table,
and ordered to be printed.
SELECT COMMITTEE OF TIIIRTY-TIIREE.
Mr. MAYNARD. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to introduce the following res-
olution:
Resolved, That the select committee, to whom was re-
fenod the President's tpecia! message of the 8th in&tnut,
be, and they are hereby, instructed to eonsiderthat portion
of said message which recommends, a reference to the vote
of the people of the questions at issue between the ditler-
ent sections of the country, and now agitating the public
peace and threatening the speedy dissolution of the Gov-
ernment, and to report thereon at an eaily day either by bill
or joint resolution.
Mr. JONES objected.
STEAM COMMUNICATION WITH CHINA.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE, by unanimous con-
sent, presented to the House a memorial of the
Chamber of Commerce of the city of New York,
asking for the establishment of mail facilities, by
subsidies to a line of steamers, between the cities
of San Francisco, in California, and Shanghai, in
China, with connections at certain intermediate
ports; which was referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
NATIONAL CONVENTION.
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania. I ask the
unanimous conscnt of the House to present a me-
morial of certain citizens of Philadelphia, request-
ing Congress to call a national convention in In-
dependence Hall, on the 22d of February next,
or at some other day, to settle the difficulties of
the country.
No objection was made to its reception.
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsyl vania. I move that
it be laid on the table, and printed.
Mr. BRANCH. With reference to the paper
just presented, I desire to say that it is not cus-
tomary to have such papers printed, unless there
is some particular reason for it.
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania. The simple
reason for printing it is the importance of the sub-
ject.
Mr. ClUARLES. X believe the rules require
that a motion to print must go to the Committee
on Printing.
Mr. JONES. I object to its being printed.
Not one of these petitions proposes to give us our
rights. They have a great deal to say about Union,
