1801.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
'3l!f
but they say nothing about gentlemen obeying
their constitutional obligations.
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania. I know of
nobody who is not willing to give the South their
rights. There are points of variance between gen-
tlemen as to what are and what are not their
Mr. SICKLES. I understand that this paper
is simply a memorial for Congress to call a con-
vention of the States.
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania. That is all.
Mr. HOUSTON. A convention can do no
harm; and if a convention of States cannot agree
upon some plan to remedy the difficulties of the
country, they may, at least, possibly secure a
peaceable separation of the States. In no aspect
of the case do I consider that a convention of States
can do any harm.
Mr. BRANCH. I will state to the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, that my remarks weie not
dictated by any unfriendliness to the memorial.
I believe it has not been customary to print such
papers, and I desired to call his attention to the
question whether it would not be injudicious now
to commcnce printing papers of that description,
which are coming in upon us so rapidly at present,
and which will continue to increase in number
hereafter.
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania. Well, I will
withdraw the request to print, and let the memo-
rial be referred.
Mr. HOUSTON. If there is no objection, I
prefer that it should be printed.
Mr. JONES. I object to the printing of any
such papers.
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania. I ask that
the memorial be read.
Mr. JONES. I object to its being read. That
very gentleman, who offers the memorial, is the
last man to vote to give the South their rights.
Mr. PHELPS. The memorial has been re-
ceived, and as some motion is to be made in ref-
erence to its disposition, I think the gentleman
from Pennsylvania is entitled to have it read. I
think I am entitled to that, before I am called
upon to vote in reference, to it.
Mr. GROW. I rise to a point of order, which
applies to all memorials. I tlunk we are falling
into a bad practice. It has been the practice to
receive the memorials of State Legislatures, and
have them printed. But if we fall into the prac-
tice of reading memorials of mass meetings, all
our time will be consumed, as it has been this
morning, to the exclusion of business. All these
memorials should bo referred under the rule.
Mr. COX. The memorial was received by
unanimous consent; and gentlemen ought to un-
derstand that this memorial is signed by members
of both parties, and that it comes from that por-
tion of the United States in which Independence
Hall is situated, wherein the Constitution was
made. It is for a national convention; and there
is nothing partisan in it. I hope the gentleman
from Georgia will wilhdiaw his objection and
allow it to be read and printed.
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania. The memo-
rial was received without objection.
Mr. JONES. I object. The time of this House
may be consumed from now to doomsday by
bringing in such trash as that. It amounts to
nothing.
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania. The gentle-
man from Georgia regards everything as trash
that looks to the reconciliation of the country.
The SPEAKER. The memorial was received
by unanimous consent; and the question is now
upon the resolution to print.
Mr. BURNETT. Is that motion debatable?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. BURNETT. Well, sir, I desire to de-
bate it.
Mr. GROW. 1 must rise to a question of or-
der. My colleague's proposition was that the
memorial be laid upon the table, and printed; and
no one objected to that. The unanimous consent
given was for that purpose, and no other.
The S'PEAKER. No objection was made, in
the hearing of the Chair, to the reception of the
memorial.0 The gentleman from Pennsylvania
then moved that it be laid upon the table, and
printed.
Mr. GROW. My point of order is, that when
a gentleman asks unanimous consent to do a par-
ticular thing, and no objection is made, he can
only, under that unanimous consent, do that par-
ticular thing. My colleague only asked that the
memorial be laid upon the table(and printed; and
nobody objected to that.
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania. I stated the
purport of the memorial before I presented it(and
while asking the consent of the House that it be
printed.
Mr. GROW. Until the Speaker states what
object a gentleman has in view, members arc not
in a condition to object. In this case, no such
proposition was made to the House; but they
acted on the statement of my colleague. If the
Chair had stated that my colleague desired to pre-
sent the memorial, and to leave it open for dis-
cussion, objection would have been made, because
it could have been referred under the rules. If
we depart from that practice, the whole time of
the House may be taken up in the discussion of
memorials. My point of order is, that the me-
morial was received only upon the statement of
my colleague that he desired it to be laid upon
the table, and printed, and for no other purpose.
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania. I withdraw
the motion to print.
Mr. BURNETT. I have the floor, and the
gentleman cannot take it from me for that pur-
pose.
Mr. HOUSTON. Then, as we have to vote
on the question of printing, I ask for the reading
of the memorial. Of course, I have a right to
have the memorial read.
Mr. BURNETT. Tliegentleman canhave that
done when I have concluded my remarks. He
cannot take the floor from me for that purpose.
The SPEAKER. The Chan knows of 110
reason why the gentleman from Pennsylvania
may not withdraw the motion to print.
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania. Then I with-
draw the motion to print.
The SPEAKER. The motion to refer is de-
batable.
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania. I withdraw
the memorial.
The SPEAKER. There is nothing, then, be-
fore the House.s
Mr. SHERMAN. I call for the regular order
of business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of business
is the consideration of matters in relation to the
District of Columbia.
Mr. BURNETT. Is not that memorial before
the House?
The SPEAKER. No, sir; it has been with-
drawn.
EMPLOYES IN CLERK'S OFFICE.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, kid
before the House a communication from the
Clerk of the House, transmitting a list of the
clerks and other employes in his office; which
was laid upon the table, and ordered to be printed.
CONTINGENT EXPENSES OF THE HOUSE.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House the annual report of the
Clerk of the House on the contingent expenses of
the House; which was laid upon the table, and
ordered to be printed.
' The SPEAKER stated that the regular order
of business was the consideration of business
relating to the District of Columbia; which had
been set for to-day, and that reports were in order
from the Committee for the Distrietof Columbia.
J. \Y. NYE.
Mr. CARTER. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee for the District of Columbia to report back,
with a recommendation that it be put upon its
passage, Senate bill No. 474, to provide for the
payment of the claim of J. W. Nye, assignee of
Peter Bargy, jr, and Hugh Stewart.
The bill was read. m
Mr. HOUSTON. How does that bill get before
the House?
The SPEAKER. It is reported from the Com-
mittee for the District of Columbia.
Mr. HOUSTON. It is not District business.
The SPEAKER. It was referred to the com-
mittee by the order of the House, and the chair-
man now reports it back. The Committee for
the District of Columbia was called for reports,
and the chairman reported back this bill. |
Mr. HOUSTON. I understand that to-day j
was set apart for the business of the District of j
Columbia. Am I right in that? I
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is right in
that.
Mr. HOUSTON. Well, this is not- District
business; and I object to its comingin. I am will*
ing and anxious to assist in any proper legisla*
tion for the District; but this bill does not belong
to that class of business, and I am opposed to
admitting other matters which do not legiti*
mately belong to the District.
Mr. CARTER.. The bill was referred to thff .
Committee for the District of Columbia; and we .
now report it back, and ask its passage.
Mr. KRTGGS. The bill is clcarly a private *.
bill, and does not relate to the District of Colum- If
bia. I move that it be referred to a Committee "
of the Whole on the Private Calendar.
Mr. HUGHES. This bill is reported by the
Committee for the District of Columbia. It was
upon the District calendar last year; ahd I be-
lieve a bill of a similar character was considered
and passed. There were several private bills
reported by the committee that were considered
at the last session, on the day appropriated for
the business of the District of Columbia. We
consider that it comes fairly within the allotment
of business for to-day.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is very clearly of
the opinion that the order of the day relates ex-
clusively to the legitimate business of the District
of Columbia. This is manifestly a private bill,
and docs not come within the* spccial order. It
will be returned to the gentleman from New
York.
RAILWAYS IN TIIE DISTRICT OF COLOMBIA"
Mr. CARTER. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee for the District of Columbia to report back
a bill (H. R. No. 824) to incorporate the Wash-
ington City and Georgetown Railway Company,
and to ask that it be put upon its passage.
The SPEAKER. The question is upon order-
ing the bill to be engrossed, and read the third
time.
Mr. I-IUGHES. I would ask the chairman of
the committee whether he has been authorized
by a quorum of the committee to report the bill
in this form ? I wish to state to the House that,
when the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union rose on the 9th of May last—busi-
ness of the District of Columbia being then the
special order—they had under consideration a bill
reported by myself from a minority of the com-
mittee, there being at the same time a substitute
pending offered by the chairman of the commit-
tee, which was also a minority report. This
report, then, does not come from the committee
proper. I shall move that the House resolve it-
self into the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, for the purpose of resuming the
business where it was suspended on the 9th of
May last, being the consideration of a bill for the
construction of city passenger railways in the city
of Washington.
Mr. GROW. That would not be unfinished
business now. It is by special order thatthe busi-
ness of the District of Columbia comes up now;
and the regular order of business is the call of
the Committee for the District of Columbia for
reports.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is the consideration of the whole subjcct oi
the business for the District of Columbia.
Mr. HUGHES. I move that the House re-
solve itself into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, for the purpose of resum-
ing the consideration of the bill to which I have
referred.
Mr. STANTON. I submit to the gentleman
from Maryland whether itwould not be betterto
go into the Committee of the Whole oil the state
of the Union on the general subject of the busi-
ness of the District of Columbia, and take it up in
its order on the Calendar.
Mr. HUGHES. No, sir; I make the special
motion.
Mr. CARTER. This bill has been reported
by the Committee for the District of Columbia,
and is the business now before the House. X
do not see, therefore, why we should go into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
to consider it.
The SPEAKER. It will be for the House to
decide whether it will go into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union on the subject.
