S20
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 10.
when a point of order is raised^m a member, he
must take liis seat ?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair has
decided the gentleman from Virginia out of order.
Mr. GROW. Is not the rule of the House that
the gentleman must take his seat ?
The SPEAXCER pro tempore. Such is the rule
of order. The point of order raised against the
gentleman from Virginia has been decided ad-
versely to him; and the gentleman, as the Chair
understands, proposed to proceed in order. The
gentleman from Virginia now proceeds out of
order.
Mr. EDWARDS asked for the reading of the
61st rule.
The rule was read, as follows:
" 61. If any member, in speaking or otherwise, transgress
the rules of the House, the Speaker shall, or any member
may, call to order; in which case the member so called to
order shall immediately sit down, unless permitted to ex-
plain; and the House shall, if appealed to, decide on the
case, but without debate : if there be no appeal, the decis-
ion of the Chair shall be submitted to. If the decision be
in favor of the member called to order, he shall be at lib-
erty to proceed; if otherwise, he shall not be permitted to
proceed, in case any member object, witliout leave of the
House; and if the case require it, he shall be liable to the
censure of the House."
Mr. COX. I desire to make a suggestion, which
I think will end this difficulty, and allow us to
proceed to the business gentlemen desire. It is,
that the gentleman from Virginia have leave to
print the remarks he desires' to make now.
Mr, GROW. My point of order on that is not
personal to anybody in the House, but I must
object; for everybody knows that there arc many
gentlemen who desire to make speeches, and it
one is allowed to print his remarks, all should be
allowed to do so. Unless all shall have a like
privilege, I must insist upon my point of order.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I desire to say that
no such general privilege will be granted.
Mr. CARTER. £ have no objection to allow-
ing the gentleman from Virginia to.print the re-
marks he desires to make, nor have I any desire
to stifle debate. I object to his proceeding, not
from any disrespect to my southern brethren, but
because his remarks are not germane to the sub-
ject before us.
Mr. GROW. Unless the House makes a gen-
eral order for every one, who desires, to print
their speeches, X shall object.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I object to any
such general order.
Mr. COX. The gentleman has entered upon
his speech, and permission to print might prop-
erly be given in this case.
Mr. SICKLES. Does permission to print re-
quire unanimous consent ? The gentleman is upon
the floor, and has made a portion of his specch,
and the question now is simply whether the re-
mainder shall be printed or not.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair thinks
that unanimous consent is required.
Mr. DE JARNETTE. Mr. Speaker, I have
only to say, that, if I had been allowed to pro-
ceed, I would have gone on to justify and defend
the ordinance of secession passed by youth Caro-
lina. As I am ruled out of order, I give notice
that when an opportunity is afforded me, I will
again revert to this subject.
Mr. CARTER. I now call for the rending of
the substitute offered by the gentleman from Ken-
tucky.
The substitute was read.
Mr* CARTER. If it be in order, T move that
all debate upon this bill be limited to five minutes.
Mr. SICKLES. Are we considering this bill in
the House or in the Committee of the Whole?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the House.
Mr. SICKLES. Then the motion is not in
order. The gentleman can limit debate only by
calling the previous question.
Mr. CARTER. 1 demand the previous ques-
tion upon the hill before the House.
The SPEAKER.pro tempore. The gentleman
from New York is upon the floor, and the motion
is not in order.
Mr. SICKLES. I move to amend section
eleven of this bill, by inserting in the tenth line,
after the word " respectively," the words:
And the assent of a majority of the owners of the land
fronting on such streets aforesaid.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Docs tile gentle-
man propose to amend the original bill or the
substitute?
Mr. SICKLES. I propose to amend the bill
just read, which was offered as a substitute by the
gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Bbrnett.] Sec-
tion eleven of this bill authorizes the directors
of this company, whenever, in their judgment,
the public convenience will be piomoted, to lay
down tracks upon any street in the city of Wash-
ingt®n or Georgetown. Now, sir, I consider that
to be a very extensive power to confer upon any
corporation with reference to the streets of the
capital of the country. It is true that the pro-
viso requires that the assent of the corporation
^ be also obtained; but the experience of every city
with reference to grants of this description from
municipal corporations, has proved the necessity
of some other and higher safeguard than their
discretion or pleasure. I need only refer to the
experience of cities adjacent to Washington,
where tracks have been laid down; and to the
experience of Baltimore, Philadelphia, and New
York, to show that some higher and legislative
supervision, and some additional checks, are ne-
cessary. Now, I do not propose to require these
corporators to come to Congress to seek addi-
tional franchises and assistance from time to time,
because I am fully aware of the extreme difficulty
ofobtaining the attention of Congress to the wants
and interests of the people of this District; but
I do think that the friends of the bill ought to
agree to give to the residents and owners of lands
fronting on those streets through which railroads
are to pass at least some voice in the question as
to whether their streets are to be occupied for
these purposes. This has been found indispens-
able in the city of New York; and it is the law of
that city, and so declared by the Legislature, that
even modifications of the omnibus routes are no
longer permitted at the mere discretion of the cor-
poration, but the assent of a majority of the own-
ers of land fronting on the streets is required. If
the public convenience does demand the extension
of this grant through one or more streets, this
public utility and convenience will be at once
perceived by those who own the lands fronting
on the streets. Of course, if it be a public ad-
vantage, they will be among the most prompt to
facilitate the laying down of tracks. If, on the
other hand, a corporation like this is to be cre-
ated, it will have it in its power to appropriate
this or that street, at its pleasure, and through
whatever influence it may obtain in the municipal
Council.
Mr. Speaker, I am just informed that my
amendment is accepted by the honorable gentle-
man from Maryland, [Mr. Hcghes,] and there-
fore I will not enforce any further my amend-
ment upon the judgment of the House.
Mr. CARTER. I now call the previous ques-
tion upon the bill and substitute.
Mr. HUGHES. Upon what is the vote to be
first taken ?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. First upon the
substitute.
Mr. CARTER. I will withdraw the previous
question, if the gentleman from Maryland desires
to make any remarks.
Mr. HUGHES. I have only a few remarks
to make. This is a very important measure, but
I have no disposition to enter into discussion at
any length. 1 attempted to do so last session,
anu I am inclined to think the House understands
pretty well the difference between the two bills.
The substitute offered by the gentleman from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Burnett] is a bill prepared by mo,
and reported by the permission of the Committee
for the District of Columbia. If the House has
attended to the reading of the substitute, they
will have discovered that whatever advantage may
be derived from the franchise shall be applied to
a road from Georgetown to Point of Hocks. We
desire to give to this District the greatest possible
advantage and convenience, not only of transit
over the long distances between Georgetown and
the navy-yard, but the advantage of direct com-
munication with the West; thereby saving time,
trouble, and expense in the transit of passengers
and of the products of the country to the District
of Columbia. The market of Washington is
full fifty per cent, over that of the city of Balti-
more, and this road opens up a fine region of
country, and will benefit the city to a very great
extent. I will not again enter into the merits of
the road, unless it becomes necessary.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I desire to obtain
information from the gentleman from Maryland,
for I have not seen the bill. I desire to know
whether this bill proposes to give to a particular
corporation, or to particular individuals, by name,
this franchise; or whether it proposes to give it to
the District of Columbia, or to the cities of Wash-
ington and Georgetown ?
Mr. HUGHES. It is proposed to give it to
the Metropolitan Railroad Company. If the gen-
tleman had listened to the reading of the bill, he
would have discovered that it throws open the
subscription for the city passenger railway to
anybody who chooses to subscribe.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. What is the Metro-
politan Railroad Company >
Mr. HUGHES. It is a regularly organized
company, of which Benjamin Ogle Tayloe is pres-
ident. Its object is to connect the District of Co-
lumbia with the Point of Rocks in the State of
Maryland, on the Baltimore and Ohio railroad.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I understand, then,
that it is proposed by this legislation to give these
muniments to a company which was organized
for action outside of the District of Columbia.
Mr. HUGHES. The company has been char-
tered by the Congress of the United States within
the District.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I know that; but
we could not charter a company to go beyond the
limits of the District.
Mr. HUGHES. We do not ask you to do that.
You have chartered this company within the Dis-
trict.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Has Maryland
granted it a charter?
Mr. HUGHES. One of the termini of the road
is in the District of Columbia, and the other at
the Point of Rocks, on the Baltimore and Ohio
railroad.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Has the company
a charter from the State of Maryland ?
Mr. HUGHES. It has a charter from theState
of Maryland, so far as Maryland is concerned;
and a charter from Congress, so far as the Dis-
trict of Columbia is concerned.
Mr. McKNIGHT. I offer the following amend-
ment to the original bill:
In section fourteen, after the word " made," where it
occurs in the eleventh line, insert " in proportion to the
length of said mam line of railroad located and constructed
within the limits of said cities respectively."
Mr. CARTER. I now move the previous ques-
tion on the bill.
Mr. HOUSTON called for tellers on the second
to the previous question.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. HtTGHEsand
Ely were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported-
ayes 64, noes 19; no quorum voting.
Mr. FLORENCE. With a view of ascertain-
ing if there is a quorum present, I move that the
House do now adjourn; and I demand the yeas
and nays on that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 9, nays 141; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs.Gartrell,Houston, Jenkins, Jones,Lan-
drum, Leake, Pryor, IviiiFin, and William Smith—9.
NAYS—Messrs. Charles F. Adams, Green Adams, Ad-
rain, Aldrich, Alley, Thomas L. Anderson, William C.
Anderson, Ashley, Babbitt, Bingham, Blair, Blake. Boteler,
Bouligny, Brayton, Bngg.s Bustow, Brown, Buffinton,
Burlin<;anip, Burnett, Biinihain, Buttorficld, Cdrey, Carter,
John B. Ciark% demons, Cobb, John Cochrane, Colfax,
Covode, Cox, Davidson, John G.Davis, Dawes, DeJar-
neue, Dunn,Edgcrton, Edwards, Eliot,Ely, English,Eth-
eridge, Fenton, Ferry, Florence, Foster, Frank, French,
Gilmer,Gooch, Glow, Gurley, Hale, Hall, Hardeman, John
T. Hairis, Haskln, Hatton, Hawkins, Helmick, Hickman,
Hill, Hoard, Ilolman, William Howard, William A. How-
aid. Hughes, Humphrey, Ilutchins, Junkin, Kilgore, De-
Witt C. Leach, Lon^necker, Loonus, Lovejoy, Mallory,
Marion, Elbert S. Martin, Maynard, MeKean, McKcnty,
McKmght, McPherson, Millson, MiHwaid, Montgomery,
Laban T. Moore, Moorhead, Morrill, Edward Joy Morris,
Morse, Nelson, Niblack, Nixon, Noell, 01 in, Palmer, Perry,
Phelps, Porter, Pottle, Quarles, John II. Reynolds, Eice,
Riggs, Christopher Robinson, James C. Robinson, Royee,
Sedgwick, Sheunan, Simms. Somes, Spaulding, Spinner,
Stanton, Stevens, William Stewart, Stokes, Stout, Strat-
um, Thayer, Tiain, Trimble, Vandever, Van Wyck, Ver-
ree. Wade, Waldron, Walton, Cadwalader C. Washburn,
Ethhu B. Washburne, Webster, Wells, Whiteley, Wil&on,
Windom, Wmslovv, Wood, Woodruff, and Woodson—141.
So the House refused to adjourn.
During the roll-call,
Mr. COX stated that Mr. Allen had been
called home in consequence of the dangerous
illness of his child.
