1280
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28.
the chair.) Shall the question be taken on con-
curring in the amendments altogether or sepa-
rately? ["Altogether."]
The amendments were concurred in, and or-
dered to be engrossed, and the bill ordered to be
read a third time. It was read the third time, and
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Forney, its Clerk, announced that the
House had agreed to some, and disagreed to other,
amendments of the Senate to the bill (H. R. No.
865) making appropriations for the current and
contingent expenses of the Indian department
and for fulfilling treaty stipulations with various
Indian tribes for the year ending June 30, 1862;
and had agreed to other amendments of the Sen-
ate to the said bill, with amendments, in which
the concurrencc of the Senate was requested.
Also,that the House insisted upon its disagree-
ment to certain amendments, and upon its amend-
ments to other amendments of the Senate to the
said bill, asks a conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses thereon; and had ap-
pointed Mr. John S. Phelps of Missouri, Mr.
Emerson Etheridge of Tennessee, and- Mr.
James H. Graham of New York, managers at
the same on the part of the House.
The Senate proceeded to consider its amend-
ments to that bill disagreed to by the House of
Representatives, and the amendments of the House
to other amendments of the Senate to the said bill;
and
On motion of Mr. PEARCE, it was
Resolved, That the Senate insist upon its amendment5? to
the said bill, disagreed to by the House ot Representatives;
disagree to the amendments of the House to other amend-
ments of the Senate thereto; and agree to the confeience
asked by the House on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses thereon.
On motion of Mr. PEARCE, the Vice Piesi-
dent was authoiizcd to appoint the committee;
and Mr. Pearce, Mr. Powell, and Mr. Clark,
were appointed.
GEOttOE FISHER.
Mr. HALE asked and obtained leave to with-
draw the motion submitted by him on the 20th
instant, to reconsider the vote on the passage of
the joint resolution (H. R. No. 51) repealing the
resolution relating to the claim of George Fisher,
Jate of Florida, deceased, approved June 1, 18G0.
DISTRIBUTION OF PUBLIC DOCUMENTS.
Mr. PEARCE. 1 have been instructed by the
Committee on the Library, to whom was refened
the bill of the House of Representatives, (No.
665,) to report it back with two amendments, and
recommend its passage; and I am al^o instructed
to ask for its immediate consideration.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill (H. R. No. 6G5) to amend an act approved
February 5,1859, entitled t{ An act providing for
keeping and distributitigall publiedocuments, and
for other purposes." It is proposed toenacf that,
in all cases where the number of copies of any
document is insufficient to supply one institution
therewith, upon the designation of each member
of the Senate nnd House of Representatives, as
required by existing law, the same may be dis-
tributed by the Secretary of the Interior to such
incorporated colleges, public libraries, athene-
ums, literary and scientific institutions, boards of
trade, or public ussociaiions, as he may select.
The documents of the second session of tiie Thirty-
Fifth Congress are to be sent to the same institu-
tions winch were designated to receive those of the
lirst session, and in all eases hereafter the selec-
tion of an institution to receive the document-*
ordeied to be published or procured at the liist
session of any Congress will control the docu-
ments of the entire Congress, unless another des-
ignation be made before H y distribution has taken
place under the selection first made; but where
the same work is printed by order both of the
Senate and House of Representatives, the dupli-
cates may be sent to different institutions, if so
desired, by the member whose right it is to dnect
the distribution. One set of the Works of John
Adams and four sets of American State Papers,
volumes four and five, aic to be distributed to the
institutions described by law, on the designation
of the members of the Senate and House ot Rep-
resentatives of the present Congress; winch des-
ignation is also to control the distribution of an
equal number of each of the volumes thereof yet
to be published. Instead of five hundred copies
of the Biennial Register, or Blue Book, now or-
dered to be published—which shall hereafter be
compiled under the direction of the Secretary of
the Interior—there will in future be published
seven hundred and fifty copies.
In lieu of the number of copies of the pamphlet
laws directed, by act of the 20th April, 1818, to
be delivered to the officers of the Executive De-
partments, there are, hereafter, to be delivered to
the head of each Department, including the Attor-
ney General, for the use of those officers, a num-
ber equal to the number of copies which they are
or may be entitled to receive of the Statutes at
Large, published by Little & Brown, under the
provisions of the act of 8th August, 1846. One
copy of the Decisions of the Supreme Court, pub-
lished by authority of the act of 29th August,
1842, is to be deposited in the office of the Secre-
tary of the Interior, and one copy sent to each of
the judges, and to the solicitor of the Court of
Claims, the judges of the criminal and orphans'
courts for the District of Columbia, the Commis-
sioner of Customs, the Commissioner of Patents,
and to the heads of such other executive offices of
equal grade as have been established since the
passage of the law distributing those decisions,
and to such as may hereafter be provided for,
each of whom shall likewise be entitled to leeeive
one copy of the Statutes at Large. Fifty copies
of the American State Papers, now in course of
publication, as authorized by act of 12th June,
1858, are to be deposited and kept in the library
of the House of Representatives, twenty copies
in the library of the Senate, two copies in the con-
gressional library, one copy in the library of the
President, one copy in the State and territorial
library of each State and Territory, and ten copies
m each of the Executive Departments, for the use
of the officers connected therewith; and all acts
or parts of acts inconsistent with these provisions
are lepealed.
The first amendment reported from the Com-
mittee on the Library, was to insert at the end of
section two the following:
JUiul provided further, That, in future, the public docu-
ments ro be distributed by the Secretary of the inteuor
*hall be sent to the institutions aheady designated, utiless
he -ball be ^uisfied that any such institution is no longer a
suitable depository ot the same
Mr. PEARCE. If any explanation is desired,
I will give it.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was to
insei t as an additional section:
jJnd belt further enacted, That the number of pamphlet
laws directed to be placed in the libraiy of Congress by the
act of April SO, 1818, and ot the Statutes at Laige published
by Little & Brown, directed to be placed insaid libraiy by
the act of August IS, 1816, shall bo di>tributed by the Sec-
tetaiy of the Interior, agreeably to the provisions of the
eleventh section of the act of Fcbtuary 5, !8o9, excepting
t\\ elvo copies to be sent to the libuuj of Congic^s, (or the
UcO ot the s>it[Heuie Couit duung it*Mission-,, and two copies
foi use in said hbiaiy.
Mr. PEARCE. I will explain in regard to that
amendment that there are three hundred copies,
of the pamphlet laws sent to the library. It was
intended by the law to which this is a supplement
that the Secretary of the Intel ior should distribute
them all; but by some construction the Depart-
ment has given to the prior law, they are all sent
to the library of Congioss. We propose now
that they be sent to him for distribution as other
public documents are, exccpt twelve copies men-
tioned in the amendment.
The motion \va« agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to inquire
how many sets of the Decisions of the Supreme
Court it is proposed to purchase by this bill?
Mr. PEAR.CE. I Lis not proposed to purchase
any. Of the amount on hand which we already
take, it is proposed to distribute them to new
courts which have been created since the passage
ing anything more except the Biennial Register,
of the last law. There is no provision for publish-
ing anything more except the Biennial Register,
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 should like to inquire if
the Government has on hand that quantity of the
decisions of the Supreme Court which will supply
all those officers -
Mr. PEARCE. Yes, sir. The Government
contracts for them. There are so many copies
which the Government takes every year by con-
tract. It is not proposed to increase the number
of them at all. The only increase of any of the
works is the Biennial Register, of which we have
not enough to distribute according to the rule
which has heretofore been established. I believe
there are five hundred copies now printed of them.
This bill proposes seven hundred and fifty. .They
are necessary in the public offices; and it is only
for that purpose. Nothing goes to any member
of Congress, I beg leave to say. The bill was
carefully considered in the House; was drawn by
a member from Indiana, [Mr. Pettit,] who is
exceedingly careful in such matters; ana the two
amendments the Senate committee have reported
are rendered necessary by the constiuction put
on the original bill in the Interior Department.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have no objection at all
to the proper distribution of these books; but it
struck me in the reading of the bill—I have not a
copy before me—that it made provision for the
distribution of a very large number of the Decis-
ions of the Supreme Court, and among a great
variety of officers all over the country. I think
most of our officers would be better off without
the decisions than with them. The idea of all
the clerks and officers in the Departments having
thirty or forty volumes of Decisions of the Su-
preme Court to refer to, to find out what the law
is, I take it is much more calculated to confuse
and mislead than it would be if they did not have
them at all. If it is simply a distribution of these
things, I have no objection to the bill; but I think
we had better repeal the law that provides for
purchasing such quantities.
Mr. PEARCE. These decisions of the Su-
preme Court are published by authority of the
act of August 29, 1842; and the bill requires that
they " shall be deposited in the office of the Sec-
retary of the Interior, and one copy sent to each
of the judges, and to the solicitor of the Court of
Claims; the judges of the criminal and orphans'
court for the District of Columbia, the Conynis-
sioner of Customs, the Commissioner of Patents5'
—that is all.
Mr. GRIMES. How many copies do we buy
under the law of 1842?
Mr. PEARCE. I think three hundred; I am
not sure.
The bill was reported to the Senatensamended,
and the amendments were concurred m, and or-
dered to be engrossed, and the bill to be read a
third time. It was read the third time, and passed.
SUSPENSION OF A RULE.
Mr. BIGLER. I offer the following resolution.
I do not ask its present consideration:
RcsoUed, That the 26th rule of the Senate be suspended,
so far as it may afleet bills or joint re&ulutious of the yen-
ate or House of .Representative-, proposing or pnividing
for, or relating to, amendments to the Constitution of the
United States.
Mr. GRIMES. Let it lie over.
ThePRESIDING OFFICER. The resolution
lies over under the rules.
LANDS TO MINNESOTA AND OREGON.
Mr. LANE. I beg permission of the Senate to
be permitted to make a report at this time from the
Committee on Public Lands, lam directed by that
committee to report a bill to authorize the States
of Minnesota and Oregon to locate the lands
granted by Congress to them, while Territories,
for educational purposes. The committee have
unanimously recommended its passage. 1 am
sure no Senator can object to it; and this is the last
hour that it would be of any use to pass it this
session; and I hope the Senate will give their con-
sent to pass it at once.
There being no objection, the bill (S.No. 507)
donating to the States of Minnesota and Oie^on
certain lands reserved by Congress for the Tcin-
tones of Minnesota and Oregon, for university
purposes, was read twice by its title, and consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole, it donates
the lands reserved for the use of the universities
in the Territories of Minnesota and Oregon, un-
der the section of the act of Congress, passed
February 19, 1851, entitled "An act to authorize
the Legislative Assemblies of the Territories of
Oregon and Minnesota to take charge of the school
lands in the said Territories, and "for other pur-
poses," to the States of Minnesota and Oregon
for the use of such universities.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
