1282
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
thia morning a petition signed by citizens of New
Jersey, Pennsylvania, Maryland, Virginia, Ohio,
Delaware, Illinois,Vermont, Indiana, New Hamp-
shire, North Carolina, and the District of Colum-
bia, praying Congress that they will pass meas-
ures to restore peace to this country.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. I call for
the regular order of business.
Mr. CURTIS. It is certainly in order to pre-
sent a petition.
The SPEAKER. What ord.er does the gentle-
man desire?
Mr, GILMER. I desire to have it read, and
then laid on the table, and printed.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. I call for
the regular order of business.
Mr. GILMER. I have the floor; and I ask
that the petition be read.
Mr. PARNSWORTH. I object.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. I insist
upon the regular order of business.
Mr. GILMER. I ask whether the petition
cannot be read ?
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. I object.
•Mr. GILMER. I move a suspension of the
rules.
The SPEAKER. If it is objected to, the peti-
tion cannot be read; nor can the motion to sus-
pend the rules be received, because there is a
snecial order pending.
* Mr. PARNSWORTH. The petition can be
presented under the rules.
The SPEAKER. The petition will be laid
upon the table.
Mr. GILMER. I withdraw the petition.
POSTAL SERVICE.
Mr. COLFAX. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to take up the Senate amendments
to the bill (H.R.No.950) in relation to the postal
service.
No objection bffing made, the amendments were
taken up for consideration.
The amendments of the Senate, which were
read, were as follows:
In line ten, after the word " maintain," strike out the
words, "or the contents of the mails preserved inviolate
till delivered to tile proper addicss;" and in line thirteen,
after the word " any," strike out the words " in^uirection
or resistance to tile laws of the United States," and insert
in lieu thereof the words, " cause whatsoever;" so that
the bill shall read:
That whenever, in the opinion of the Postmaster Gen-
eral, the postal service cannot bp safely continued, or the
Post Office revenues collected, or the postal service main-
tained on any post route, by reason ol any cause whatsoever,
the l'ostmaster General is hereby authouzed to discontinue
the postal service on such route, or any part thereof, and
any post office thereon, till the same can be salely re-
stored ; and shall report his action to Congress.
WITHDRAWAL OF PAPERS.
Onmotion of Mr. MILLSON, leave wasgranted
for the withdrawal from the files of the House of
the papers in the case of William P. Bingbyand
wife, and that the same be returned to the peti-
tioners.
On motion of Mr. MARTIN, of Virginia, leave
wasgranted for the withdrawal from the files of
the House of the papers in the case of Hannah
Dubois.
MESSAGE FltOM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Patton,
one of their clerks, announced that the Senate
had passed, without amendment, bill of the House
(No. 999) to amend an act supplementary to "An
act approved March, 3,1855, to organize an insti-
tution for the insane of the Army and Navy and
of the District of Columbia, in the said District,"
approved February 7, 1857.
Also, that the Senate had passed the bill of the
House making appropriations for the support of
the Army for the year ending 30th June, 1862,
with amendments; in which he was directed to
ask the concurrence of the House.
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the Army ap-
propriation bill, with the amendments of the Sen-
ate thereto, be referred to the Committee of Ways
and Means, and that the amendments beprinted.
The motion was agreed to.
ABSTRACTION OS BOOKS.
Mr. MAYNARD. I rise to a question of priv-
ilege. 1 am directed by the select committee in-
structed to inquire into the alleged abstraction of
books from the House library, to make a unani-
mous report. I send up the report and the testi-
mony. At this stage of the session, I will not
call for the reading of the report, but I ask that it
be published in the Globe, and that the report and
the testimony be printed.
It was so ordered.
The following is the report of the committee:
The select committee of three, appointed under a reso-
lution of the House, of February 14, 1861, to investigate
certain charges in relation to an abstraction of books from
the House library, have discharged the duty imposed upon
them, and respectfully submit the following report:
A brief statement will place the House in possession of
the facts as they appear from the evidence given before your
eommittee. Not long since, an employe, in the library of
the House, prepared a statement of the accounts of the late
members from the seceding States, which was taken to
their respective residences for the puiposc of reclaiming the
books they had procured from the library, and which had
not been returned. (See statements appended to this re-
port.} Failing to find them,Mi. D. A. McElhone, one of
the assistant librarians, was directed to take the accounts,
and endeavor to obtam the books. He also failed to get
them, and thereupon carried the list to the House postofhee
in order to have the mail mcsscngeis institute a search, lor
them. Mr. Soulo, one of the assistants in tiie post office,
was the only person present when Mr. McElhone called
there, and to linn the list was. given, with the request that
he would see that the matter was attended to.
(Jp to this point, it does not appear that there was any
belief entertained by any person that theie had been any
wrong o.* fraud perpetrated upon the library in connection
with these missing books, liut Mr. Soule, as he testified,
seems to have jumped to the conclusion, not from anything
told him, but fiom mierenees of his own, that these books
Jiad been appiopriated by tiie late members to their own
use. Active in propagating the suspicion, he voluntarily
informed Mr. Hutchnis, clerk to the Committee on Indian
of tins JJoiw, and a correspondent for several news-
papers, that he had an " item " for him, and then pioceeded
to state what he imagined to be the tacts about the missing
books. Mr. Hutclmis repeated that statement to Mr. II. H.
Pangborn, of tiie New York Daily Times,who, withlittle,
if any, investigation, prepared his version of the transac-
tion, which was telegraphed to the Times newspaper. In
the Times otlice, the heading, " Providing a Library for
the Southern Confederacy," was prefixed to the statement,
which appeared in that paper the next morning.
The same issue of that paper also contained the allegation
that a member from " a border State," " who favored se-
cession," had ordered more than one thousand dollars'
worth" of books from the library, which order was re-
fused. A subsequent statement in the paper named Mr.
De Jaunette, of Virginia, as the member alluded to. It
appears, liom the testimony before your committee, that
Mr. De Jaunltie was engaged, atone time, in pieparing
a speech for delivei y in tins House. While thus occupied,
he icmarked to Mr. Siieehy, who happened to be piesentin
his loom, and who was then an employe of the House, that
he wanted certain information to enable him to prepare his
spppen. Mr. Shcehy replied that he could obtain it fiom
the House Librarv,and was requested by Mr. DeJahnctte
to attend to it for him. Subsequently he told Mi. Du Jar-
nette that hirf older was necessary to enable him to get
the books; and at his request he (Mr. S.) wrote an order,
which Mr. Jaunette signed wilhout leading, supposing, as
he stated to youi committee, that it called for not more than
twent>-five volumes. The order,however, was wiittenm
geneial terms, calling for " a set of Congressional Globes,
Annals ol Congress, Jeffei son's and Adams'& Wotks," those
sets including the volumes Mr. Dp. Jaunette desired for
reference. Full sets of these works would embrace more
than one hundred volumes, instead of the twenty or twenty-
five volumes that Mr. De Jarnetxe intended to have or-
dered. This order, dated January 28, 1661, was presented
by Mr. Sheehy to the person in attendance at the Library,
and to whom Mr. Sheehy was a sttanger. The tact that an
oider for so large a number of volumes, the body ol it writ-
ten in a different script fiom that of the signature, was pie-
sented by a stranger to him, at so late a penod of the ses-
sion, led the assistant librauan to refer it to others before
proceeding to fill it. And the same reasons led the chief
clerk to suspend it for a time, until he could get more in-
formation in regard to it. Upon the assurance, some time
altervvaids, that it was the order of Mr. De Jarsette, di-
rections were given to comply with it. But by that time
Mr. De Jarnette had prepared his speech without the as-
sistance o! the books, and no longer needed them. In this
case, as in the other, there seems, to have been no idea en-
tertained of any improper design in refeience to the books,
until the account of this transaction had reached the same
persons who had given the objectionable coloring to the
other.
It does not appear, fiom the testimony taken by your
committee, that any of the books belongiug to the library
have been taken away by any of the late members. Nor
does it appear that the hooks they obtained while here have
not been returned to the library, except that they have riot
been credited with them upon the account books of the^
library.
Your committee regard this entire charge against the late
and present membeis of this House as a fair specimen of
the many sensation dispatches bent from this city during
the present session of Congress, by the various persons em-
ployed as special correspondents ol papers at a distance,
but more especially of the New York city papers. A de-
sire to state something that shad be more startling trom its
ommmty or novelty than their competitors have been able
to discover or devise, or even a more culpable desire would
seem to be their controlling motive on the part of those
who are thus engaged, with little, if any, inquiry into the
correctness of the maijy rumoisthat come to their ears;
with the most reckless apd unwarranted inferences from
them; With little regaid to the effect of their statements
upon public interests, or the character apd reputation of
individuals in public and private life, these sensation-mon-
geis daily send forth to the countiy statement after state-
ment, as entirely unfounded and baseless as those to which
the attention of your committee has been called. Your
committee, however, are not of the opinion that this House
can provide any remedy torthis evil. It can only be rem-
edied either by the public becoming convinced of the littie
credit and reliance to be placed upon these "special dis-
patches," or by the proprietors of the public press exercis-
ing more carc in tiie selection of the agents they employ
for this purpose, and endeavoring to secure the services
of those who shall be more influenced by considerations of
truth and justice, and a proper appreciation of the privi-
leges and courtesies gratuitously extended to them by thi3
House.
While considering the subject referred to them, the at-
tention of your committee has been called to the present
condition of the library of the House, as beingsuch as al-
most necessarily to render impossible its proper manage-
ment, and leading to tlte commission of errors in the ac-
counts of members, such as, in this instance, have furnished
the little foundation required for such statements as those
to which your committee have referred. The library, as
many members of this House are well aware, is contained
in a room ill adapted for that purpose. There is  o cata-
logue of the books contained in it; the different sets of the
same work have no maik or number on them to designate
the one from the other. Those having charge of them,
while they may know the number of different works there,
can have no certain information of the number of volumes
that the hbraiy contains, or whether all the books taken
out at any tunc have ever been returned. The accounts
and books of the library are their only guide; and the testi-
mony taken by your committee establishes the fact that
they are not free fiom mistakes. For instance: Mr. Bon-
ham, of South Oaiohnn, wa<? charged with foity-two vol-
umes, upon the account made out and handed to Mr. SoulS
of the House post office, to enable the messengers to reclaim
books not returned; yet, upon reference to the account
books, it appears that Mr. Bonham never obtained those
volumes at all. Mr. Hamilton, of Texas, is charged upon
tiie account books with one hundred and nineteen volumes
obtained at the last session as not yetleturned. The testi-
mony before >our committee shows that Mr, Hamilton
gaye those books, before the close of the fast session, to a
messenger of the post office to be returned to the iibraiy.
And it was not until so informed, during this investigation,
that Mr. Hamilton had any intimation that his directions
had not been complied with. The necessities of the House
have required their removal to a more commodious hall.
The increase of the libiary, corresponding with the in-
creased demands of the House, renders the accommoda-
tions provided for it, when it contained a much less num-
ber of books, totally inadequate. Without recommending
any particular action in this respect, your committee would
say, that they deem this a subject which demands the early
consideration of the House.
Your committee heiewith submit the testimony they
have taken, and recommend that the same, with the ac-
companying report, be printed.
Statement furnished to the committee by C. C. Chaffee,
House Librarian:
1859. Vols.
Milledge L. Bonham, South Carolina.
Dec. 10. Globe and Appendix, Thirty-Fifth Congress, 6
1860.
Jan. 5. Brightley's Digest and Supplement  1
Jan. ]2. Globe and Appendix, Thirty-Fourth Con-
gress    6
March 9. House Journal, second session, Thirty-fifth
Congress  1
March 15. Statutes at Large and Synoptical Index... .12
April 5. Reports of Committees, first session, Thirty-
Filth Congress   3
1859. Lucius J. Gartrell, Georgia.
Dec. 14. Annals of Congress, Sixth Congress.
1860. J. L. M. Curry, Alabama.
April 3. Howard's Reports 
1860. L. Q,. C. Lamar, Mississippi.
Jan. 25. Globe and Appendix, first session, Thirty
Third Congress    4
Globe and Appendix, first session, Thirty-
Fifth Congress   4
1860. John McRae, Mississippi.
May 31. Executive Documents, first session, Thir-
tieth Congress ....... - 2
Senate Documents, first session, Thirtieth
Congiess  2*
I860,. John B. Landrum, Louisiana.
Jan. 10. Journal 
I
1860. George S. Hawkins, Florida.
May 25. House Reports, second session, Twentieth
Congress .
1
Miles Taylor, Louisiana.
March 31. Executive Documents, second session,
Twenty-Ninth Congress. _  3
Executive Documents, first session. Thir-
tieth Congress......    8
July 28. Congressional Globe and Appendix, Thir-
tieth, Thnty-Fu&t, and Thiit)-Second
Congresses   .. ....14
August 8. Congressional Globe and Appendix, second
session, Thirty Thud Congress  9
Sept. 30. Annals of Congress volume 9, part 2....... I
Executive Documents, second session,
Twenty-Second Congre-s   .  1
Senate Documents, second session,Twenty-
Second Congress      1
Oct. 1. House Journal, second session,Twenty-Sec-
ond Congress    2
Senate Journal,second session,'Twenty-Sec-
ond Congress.........    2
