1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
323
give us a day, we ccrtainly will be very much
obliged to them. I will ask for a day, anil I hope
the gentleman will aid me in getting it.
The bill was then recommitted to the Commit-
tee for the District of Columbia.
Mr. BURNETT. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was recommitted; and also
move to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
GUARDIAN SOCIETY AGAIN.
Mr. CARTER. I no w call up the bill reported
from the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
The bill was taken up by unanimous consent.
The question was put upon the amendment
recommended by the committee; and the amend-
ment was agreed to.
The question then reourred upon the engross-
ment and third reading of tBe bill.
Mr. CARTER called the previous question.
Mr. SIMMS. If the previous question is sus-
tained, will it prevent me from offering an amend-
ment to the bill ?
The SPEAKER. It will.
Mr. SIMMS. I have no doubt that one or two
points have cscaped the attention of the commit-
tee. I think, if the Congress of the United States
passes this bill, it will commit an act of greater
injustice and wrong than has ever been perpe-
trated by any act Congress has ever passed.
A Member. What is it?
Mr. SIMMS. This bill, as I understand it,
embraces three propositions: first, it proposes to
create a society to be called the Guardian Society;
second, this society has the power to erect a house
of refuge; third, they have the right to admit into
this house of refuge any person not over eighteen
years of ago, who has been convicted of any crime
not punishable with death, or with confinement
in the penitentiary for life; and then another sec-
tion of the. hill gives to these trustees the right to
take the children of the poor, whose parents have
failed to provide for them, or who have abandoned
them, into this same institution; and these chil-
dren, whose only offense or misfortune is that
of being poor, and being abandoned by their
parents, are to be raised up in association with
convicts, vagabonds, and thieves. The gentleman
from New York proposes to do this in the name
of Christian charity. The fatherless child, by
the provisions of this bill, from its very infancy,
is to be associated with infamy; its first ideas arc
thus to be formed; its first morals established.
To be poor may be a misfortune; itisnota crime.
Sir, I hope never to see the American Congress
offer this insult, this wrong, to the honest poor.
Give to them in kindness, but poison not the bread
of charily with disgrace; let them not pay for it
at so deaj a price as an association with guilt and
infamy.
Mr. McICNIGHT. Wherein are they to be
raised up in any better way, if they are not sent
to this house of refuge? Do not they associate
with those abandoned individuals, and grow up
to be abandoned themselves? If they were sent
to this house of reform and refuge, they would be
brought up in the ways of honesty and probity.
Mr. GROW. I would like to have the bill
read, and then we can all understand it.
Mr. SIMMS. Allow me to answer the gentle-
man's inquiry, and then I will yield for that pur-
pose.
It the first place, I think, if this Government
intends or desires to establish an institution for the
benefit and protection of poor children, they can,
certainly, in that act of generosity, av®id asso-
ciating them with the criminals of the country.
It is proper to place those young men in a place
where they may be leformed; but itis not neces-
sary, in doing that, to associate the children of
the poor of this District with tliem.
Mr. McKNIGHT. Such is the custom in all
houses of refuge of nearly all the States of this
Union. Certainly it is in my own State. I hap-
pen to be a director in one of those institutions,
and I know something about it.
Mr. SICKLES. I call for the reading of the
bill.
Mr. JONES. Will it be in order to move to
lay the bill on the table ?
The SPEAKER. It will.
Mr. JONES. I submit that motion.
Mr. FLORENCE. I trust this bill will not be
laid 011 the table. It is important that the bill
should have due consideration, which it cannot
have at this hour of the day; and therefore I
moic that tlic House adjourn.
Mr. ADRAIN. I have a motion which will
take precedence of that. I move that when the
House adjourns to-day, it adjourn until Monday
next. [Cries of "No!" "No!" all over the
House.]
Mr. ADRAIN. As I see there is a general
opposition to my motion, I withdraw it.
Mr. DE JARNETTE. Before the motion to
adjourn is put, I desire to make an appeal to the
courtesy of the House. When I was interrupted
this morning, and ruled outof orderby the Chair,
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Cox] moved that
I have leave to print the remainderof my speech.
I did not then insist upon the motion, for the rea-
son that I supposed I could withdraw that portion
of my speech which I had delivered. I find now
that it is impossible to do that; and that those
remarks will go, in their mutilated form, upon the
official record of the House. I therefore ask the
permission of the House to print the x'emainder
of the speech.
Permission was granted.
Mr. DE JARNETTE. Mr. Speaker, 011 the
20th day of December, 18G0, the people of South
Carolina, by unanimous consent, passed the fol-
lowing ordinance of secession:
An Ordinaitee to dis-solvc the Union let ween the State of
South Carolina and the other States united with her, wn-
dcr the compact entitled u The Constitution oj the United
Sista oj vlmcrica."'
Wo, the people of South Carolina, in convention as-
sembled, do dcelarc and ordain, rttul it is hereby declared
and ordained, t!mt the ordinance adopted in convention, on
the 23d day uf May, in the > car ot our Lord 17^8, whereby
th<  Constitution of the United States of America was rat-
ified ; and also all acts and parts of act- of the General As-
sembly ot this Statf latuymg t>:c amendment of the sAid
Constitution, are hursby repealed ; and that the Union/now
subsisting between Somh Carolina and the other Jstates
under the name of The United State.-* of America, thereby
dissolved. V /
Several of the other States in which the institu-
tion of domestic slavery exists anil is recognized
by the people, and piotectcd by law, arc already
taking incipient steps tending inevitably towards
the passage of yitmlur ordinances of secession;
and a majority, a large majority, of the people of
each and ail of those States entertain the opinion,
with the utmost confidence, that they have the
right so to do. It is probable that a majority of
the people of the other or non-slavcholdins; States
deny that this right exists. All the States in the
southern portion of the Confederacy—fifteen in
number—claim the ri^ht to secede from the Union
whenever, in their judgment, secession is best
calculated to remedy any evil under which they
may bo laboring. All the northern States, eigh-
teen in number, deny the existence of such a
right. It is a clear and distinct claim of a right
on the one hand, and an equally clear and dis-
tinct denial of that right on the other hand.
It becomes, therefore, a question of immense
and immediate importance. Have the States of
this Union, for any cause whatever, the right
peacefully to secede from the Union? On the so-
lution of this question may perhaps depend the
future peace and prosperity of the people of this
country, or the shedding of fratricidal blood in the
fiercest civil war thatever cursed ourearth. Those
who deny the right of secession say that seces-
sion is but another name for revolution; and that
revolution is treason, depending on its success, or
want of success, as to whether it will be justified
or condemned by the civilized world. If such
sentiments as these prevail with the people of the
North, and the party which is about to grasp the
reins of government attempts to act upon them,
the practical results will be the same in secession
as in revolution. No matter how dear the light
to secede neaceably may be in itself, if that right
is denied by those who control the affairs of the
Federal Government, the attempt to secede on the
one hand, however peacefully itmaybemadc,and
the attempt on the other hand by forcible means
to prevent the secession, will make war the inevit-
able consequence. It is agreed on all hands that
the southern States, if their grievances are suffi-
ciently great to justify it, have the right, like the
fathers of our Republic, to revolution. Revolu-
tion does not necessarily imply war; there might
be a peaceable revolution. But, if an attempt is
made by coercive measures to suppress a revolu-
tion, then war ensues. Precisely so, if the right
to secede js not Conceded by those in authority
in the Government, and they attempt forcibly to
prevent a State from seceding, or to cocrcc back
into the Union a State that has exercised the
right peacefully to dissolve her connection there-
with. In the one case as in the other, .bloody
strife will ensue. ^ The right to secede, therefore,
to be of practical importance, must be recognized
and conceded by those who have control of the
Federal Government. This right of secession has
long been tin acknowledged article in the faith of
one of the great political parties into which the
'people of this country have been divided; and it
is passingstrange that any man who ever called
himself a Democrat should for a moment question
the existence of this right.
The convention ofthe Democratic party, which
met in 1856 in the city of Cincinnati, and which
putin nomination the present Chief Magistrate of
our country, adopted the following among its res-
olutions:
"4. That the Democratic party will faithfully abide by
and uphold the principles laid down jn the Kentucky and
Virginia resolutions of 1798, and in the report of Mr. Mad-
ison to the Virginia Legislature in 1799; that it adopts those
principles as constituting one of the main foundations of
its political creed, and in resolved to carry them out in their
obvious meaning and import."
Upon a platform of which this was one of the
main foundations, James Buchanan was nomin-
ated for President; and on that platform he was
elected to that high office. In accepting the nom-
ination, he emphatically indorsed the platform
and thereby pledged himself to carry faithfully
into execution its principles, in the event of his
election. The first resolution in the series passed
by the Legislature of Kentucky, on the 10th day
of November, 1798, so emphatically adopted by
the Cincinnati convention, and so cordially in-
dorsed by its candidate, reads as follows:
" X. Resolved, That the several States composing the
United States of America are not united on the principle
of unlimited submission to their General Government; but
that, by compact under the style and title of a Constitution
for the United States and amendments theieto, they con-
stitute a Gener.il Government for spccia! purposes, dele-
gated to the Government certain defined powers, reserving
each State to itself the residuary mass of light to their own
self-government; and that whenever the General Govern-
ment assumes undelegated powers, Its acts are unauthori-
tative, void, and of no effect; that to this compact each
State acceded as a State, and is an integial party; that this
Government created bj this compact was not made the
exclusive oi final judge of the extent of the powers dele-
gated to itself—since that would have made its discretion,
and not the Constitution, the moasure of its powers; but
that, as in all othei cases oi compact between parties hav-
ing no eoin?.ian judge, each pnity has an equal right to
judge for itself as well of infractions as of the mode and
manner of redress."
Now, this is the doctrine adopted by the Dem-
ocratic party in 1856 as constituting one of tho
main foundations of its political creed. This is
the doctrine which that party resolved to carry
out in its obvious meaning and import. To carry
out this doctrine, that party nominated and elected
James Buchanan; and he pledged himself to carry
out the doctrine of the party. That this resolu-
tion contains a clear and distinct enunciation of
the right of secession scarcely admits of a doubt;
for it unequivocally recognizes the principle that
the Constitution is a compact between the States,
and that each, as a party to that compact, has an
equal right with each other State, the same as in
any other case of compact between parties, to
judge for itself, as well of infractions as of'the
mode and measure of redress. And it is a well es-
tablished principle of common law that where one
of several parties to a compact infracts or violates
the stipulations of that compact, all the other
parties are relieved from obligation to it, and
may, if they choose, treat it as null and void.
The several coequal State sovereignties of North
America enter into a compact with each other—
a compact that is equally binding upon all. In
process of time some of the clearly-expressed
provisions of that compact are set at naught, dis-
regaided, and trampled under foot by some of the
contracting parties. The States who are injured
by this violation of the compact (each for itself)
have the right to judge as well of infractions (of
the fact that there have been infractions, and of
the nature and extent of those infractions) as
of the mode and measure of redress. If oneState
judges that the compact has been materially and
grievously infracted, and that her mode and meas-
ure of redress shall be to treat the whole compact
