1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1283
Statementfurnished by D. A.McElkone, Assistant Librarian.
1859. Hon. M. L. Bonham, South Carolina. Vols,
Dec. 10. Globe and Appendix, first session, Thirty-
m Fifth Congress   ;  6
Dec. 39. House Journal, first session, Thirty-First
Congress     
1860.
Jan. 5. Brightley's Digest and Supplement 2
Jan. 12. Globe and Appendix, first session, Thirty-
Fourth Congress 6
March 9. House Journal, second session, Thirty-Fifth
Congress  1
March 15. Statutes, full set, Synoptical index 
March 19. Annals of Congress, full set 4*2
Dcc. 19. House Journal, first session, Thirty-First
Congress    1
Total.
1860. Hon. John W. II. Underwood, Georgia.
Jan. 25. Congressional Globe, first session, Thirty-
Sixth Congress  4
1861. Hon. Martin J. Crawford, Georgia.
Jan. 22. House Journal, first besiion, Thirty-First
Congress  1
1860. Hon. L. Q. Lamar, Mississippi.
Jan. 25. Globe and Appendix, fust session, Thirty-
Third Congress  4
Globe and Appendix, first session, Thirty-
Fifth Congress  4
Total.
1860. I-Ion. George S. Hawkins, Florida.
Dec. 31. Brightley's Digest  1
RICHARD CIIENERY.
On motion of Mr.BUIiCH, by unanimous con-
sent, the bill of the Senate (No. 77) for the relief
of Richard Chenery was taken from the Speaker's
table; and the House agreed to the request of the
Senate for a committee of conference on the dis-
agreement of the Senate to the amendment of the
House to said bill.
The SPEAKER thereupon appointed Messrs.
Burch, Smith of North Carolina, and Buffin-
ton, the conferees on the part of the House.
JOHN II. WHEELER.
Mr. BRANCH. I ask unanimous consent of
the House-—and it is the first time, 1 believe, since
I have been a member of it that I have made such
a request—to discharge the Committee of the
Whole on the Private Calendar from the consid-
eration of Senate bill No. 270, for the relief of
John H. Wheeler, with a view to put it upon its
passage at this time.
The bill was read.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Read the report.
Mr. SICKLES. I have the report here. I
made it myself. It was a unanimous report.
Mr. BRANCH. And the bill passed the Senate
unanimously.
Mr. KILLINGER. I object, if the report is to
be read.
Mr. BRANCH. I hope the gentleman from
Illinois will not require the report to be read.
Mr. SHERMAN. I call for the regular order
of business.
Mr. BRANCH. I hope the gentleman will let
this bill pass.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I cannot let it pass. Does
it include compensation for the slaves lost at
Philadelphia ?
Mr. BRANCH. It has nothing in the world
to do with that.
Mr. SHERMAN. I call for the regular order
of business; and I shall object to anything else
being done until the appropriation bills are passed.
SLAVERY IN THE STATES.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is the motion of the gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. Kilgore] to reconsider the vote taken last
evening, by which the joint resolution proposing
amendments to the Constitution of the United
States was rejected.
KANSAS CLAIMS.
Mr. TAPPAN. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to enable me to introduce a bill
authorizing the appointment of commissioners to
settle the claims of citizens of Kansas, for the
purpose of reference merely.
Mr. BURNETT. I object.
Mr. SHERMAN. I trust the regular order of
business will be%enforced.
SLAVERY IN THE STATES—AGAIN.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Indiana
is entitled to the floor on the motion to reconsider,
and he will proceed.
Mr. KILGORE. Mr. Speaker, my purpose
this morning is to occupy the time of the House
but a few moments, and thatonly for the purpose
of calling the attention of my Republican friends
to the importance of the vote which we will soon
be called upon to give. Gentlemen seem to have
forgotten the declarations made during the last
three weeks by the most ultra men who are act-
ing with the Republican party, that they not only
did not possess the powcrunder the Constitution
to interfere with slavery in the States where itex-
isted, but that they had no disposition whatever
to do so. All the Republican members of the
House, I believe, have, by their votes, declared
that not only has Congress no power to interfere
with the institution of slavery in the States where
it exists, but that they have no disposition to do
so. Last evening they seemed to have forgotten
those declarations, in a moment of excitement,
carried away by wild fanaticism, and forgetting
the condition of the country, and the surroundings
of party. The proposition submitted by the chair-
man of the committee of thirty-three is merely to
ingraft upon the Constitution the affirmative dec-
laration that you shall not do what you have de-
clared you have no power to do and no disposi-
tion to do.
Mr. WASHRURNR, of Illinois. I rise to a
question of order. Is this motion debatable?
The SPEAKER. Yes, sir.
Mr. WASIIBURNE, of Illinois. I understood
that the previous question had been seconded,
and the main question ordered.
Mr. KILGORE. Oh, no; it has not even been
called.
The SPEAKER. The main question was or-
dered on the passage of the joint resolution; but
the Chair undet stands the rule to be that amotion
to reconsider is debatable.
Mr. KILGORE. The proposition before the
House, 1 again repeat, is nothing more nor less
than a constitutional declaration that Congress
shall not possess a power which they themselves
have declared by votes they do not now possess;
and they have, in addition to that, declared that
they have no disposition to interfere with the in-
stitution of slavery in the States where it now
exists. This is the doctrine of the Republican
party in every part of the country, so far as my
knowledge extends. They have declared that to
be their position, and I am willing that that prin-
ciple shall be engraved upon the mountain rocks,
to endure for all time. If the Republicans to-day
have changed their ground, and claim now the
right to invade the sovereignty of the States,and
interfere with the institution of slavery—if that is
Republican doctrine, then I am no Republican.
I have believed that I was the advocate of all the
doctrines of the Republican party; and for the
purpose of meetfng the arguments of Yancey and
Rhett and Toombs and others, when I discussed
the political topics of the day before the slave-
holders of Maryland during the last canvass, I
charged those men with having propagated slan-
ders against the Republican party when they
charged us with a disposition to invade their rights
or inteifere with their domestic institutions. I
ask those gentlemen who have stood with me
upon that question, whether they are willing, by
their votes, to fix that charge upon our party,
and thereby strengthen the arms of our enemies?
I appeal to my talented friend from Illinois.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Mr. Speaker 
Mr. SHERMAN. I object to any interrup-
tion.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I merely wish to ask the
gentleman if he is in favor of putting his views
in regard to a tariff into the Constitution ?
Mr. KILGORE. The gentleman travels out-
side of the record. The tariff is not the question
now before the House. Shall we, I again ask,
by the votes of a majority of the Republican
members upon this floor, say to our southern
brethren and to the world that the charges thus
made against us are true, and that, when the time
comes that we possess the power and the numer-
ical force, we will break down the sovereign rights
of the States, itnade their constitutional priv-
ileges, and interfere with their domestic institu-
tions ? If that is the doctrine which is to be pro-
mulgated, I, for one, cannot subscribe to if; and
if it is necessary to subscribe to that doctrine to
be a Republican, then I am no longer a Repub-
lican. I will never recognize the right of the ma-
jority who may possess the power, from the'mere
strength of numbers in this body, to invade .the
sovereign rights of the weakest State in this Con-
federacy, or to interfere with the domestic insti-
tutions of the people in the slightest degree. I
claim the right for the people of Indiana to reg-
ulate their own domestic affairs in their own, way,
and I cheerfully concede that right to the people
of every other State.
Now, let me appeal to the gentleman from Illi-
nois, who seems to be among the most furious of
those who opposed this proposition yesterday, to
l^ear in mind the declaration which he made within
the last three weeks, and which He has proclaimed
a thousand times before in other places, that he
did not believe that Congress hod power to inter-
fere with the domestic relations of any of the
States, and had no disposition to do so, to now
come forward, with his friends, for the purpose of
giving peace and quiet to the country, if it is pos-
sible to do so, and declare the same thing to the
country in unmistakable terms; so that those
who would ruin and break down the Government,
as well as the Republican party, shall be disarmed
of the great weapon which they are wielding
against us for the most mischievous purposes.
But, says another gentleman, I cannot vote for
this proposition, because it recognizes the exist-
ence of slavery by an amendment to the Consti-
tution. Let me call the attention of the gentleman
to the phraseology of this amendment, which is
reported to have been drawn up by a very skillful
hand, which is attributed to the pen of a distin-
guished leader, whom a large majority of those
who voted against it yesterday were in favor of
elevating to the Presidency in preference to the
gentleman who has been elected. Now, mark
the phraseology of the proposed amendment, and
compare it with the language now found in the
Constitution on the subject of persons held to
labor. The proposition is: •
No amendment shall be made to the Constitution which
will authorize or give to Congress power to abolish or in-
terfere witlun a State with the domestic institutions thereof,
including that of persons held to labor or service by the
laws of said State.
Now what is the language of the Constitution?
I address this to gentlemen who are fearful of
recognizing by the Constitution the existence of
slavery :
"No person held to service or labor m one State under
the laws thereof, escaping into another, shall in conse-
quence of any law or regulation thereof be discharged from
service."
Does not that recognize the existence of persons
held to service by virtue of State laws? and does
the proposed amendment do anything more? I
say most positively it does not, as all must see
upon comparing the language of the two.
But there is another view of the subject to which
I call the attention of gentlemen. I ask them to
bear in mind that they are not the people; that
they are the mere servants of the people. It is
simply proposed to them, as the servants of the
people, to take this proposition to their masters
and submit it to them for their approval or rejec-
tion. Let them say: "We, as your representa-
tives, send this matter to you; you are the sover-
eigns; you govern the country; we submit this
proposition to you; if you reject it, on you is the
responsibility; if you auopt it, well; and we should
have been blamed had we not submitted it to you."
This is all that is proposed. The vote of Congress
is not to be final.
Let me ask you again, then, for the sake of the
peace and quiet of the country, for the good of
your party as well as of the country, to come for-
ward to-day, and, with the same unanimity with
which you voted but a few days ago for a resolu-
tion declaring substantially the same thing, put
your votes upon the record in favor of submitting
the proposed amendment of the Constitution to
the sovereign people of your several districts.
You will thus have performed your whole duty.
If you do not; if you refuse to send it to the peo-
ple, you are the wrong-doers; not they. On your
heads—not theirs—will rest the responsibility.
There is no other process by which it can reach
the people. I move the previous question.
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. THEAKER, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported as truly enrolled & bill (H.
R. No. 338) to provide for the payment of out-
standing treasury notes, to authorize a k>a.j)3 to
