1284
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
regulate and fix the duties on imports, and for
other purposes; when the Speaker signed the same.
SLAVERY IN THE STATES AGAIN.
Mr. STANTON. I hope the gentleman will
withdraw the demand for the previous question
for a few moments.
Mr. KILGORE. Yes; if the gentleman will
renew it.
Mr. STANTON. Mr. Speaker, when there
were fifteen slaveholding States acknowledging
allegiance to this Federal Government, and there-
fore having in their hands the power to protect
themselves against any invasion of their rights on
the part of the Federal Government, it was a mat-
ter of very little consequence whether such an
amendment as that were incorporated in the Con-
stitution or not. But the state of the country is
now radically and essentially changed. Seven or
eight States now deny their allegiance to this Gov-
ernment, have organized a separate confederacy,
and have declared their independence of this Gov-
ernment. Whether that independence is to be
maintained or not, is with the future. If they
shall maintain their position, and if public opinion
in those seceding States shall sustain the author-
ities there for a year or two to come, so as to show
that nothing but a war of subjugation and con-
quest can bring them back, 1, for one, am dis-
posed to recognize that independence. [Applause,
and cries of "That's right" from the Democratic
benches.] Now, in this 3tate of things, if the re-
maining seven slaveholding States remain in this
Confederacy, they are entitled to additional guar-
antees. [Renewed demonstrations of applause.]
There are now, Mr. Speaker, seven siavehold-
mg States and nineteen free States. In ten years
more, Delaware will be,for all practical purposes,
a free State. That would make twenty free States
and six slaveholding States. In a few years more,
you will have five-more free States organized out
of the Terntoi les. You will then have the requi-
site three fourths to change the Constitution, and
to confer on the FederalGovernmentand on Con-
gress the power to interfere with slavery in the
btates. Now, Mr. Speaker, I hold that that power
ought never to be vested in Congress, no matter
if there were but one slaveholding State. Slavery
is a matter of local and domestic concern, and
Congress ought not to have jurisdiction over it;
and if I were to-day a citizen of a slaveholding
State, and were desirous of the emancipation or
the slaves in that State, I would resist the inter-
ference of the Geneial Government; because it is
a subject which the General Government does not
understand, over which it ought to have no con-
trol, and which ought to be left to the Stairs. I
apprehend, therefore, Mr. Speaker, that if it is
the intention to afford that constitutional protec-
tion to the slaveholding States which the altered
circumstances and condition of the country de-
mand, it is incumbent on us^iow to submit that
question to the people, to say the least of it; and
the people ought to recognize and adopt it.
Now, Mr. Speaker, it will not do for us to say
that the Constitution which our fathers made is
sufficient for this country under all circumstances
and in the altered condition of public affairs. At
the organization of the Government, there was
but one free State. All the others were slavehold-
ing States. Everybody anticipated the increased
growth and power of the slaveholding States.
There was, therefore, no necessity for any guar-
antee beyond what was incorporated in the Con-
stitution. Suppose it had been then provided that
thirty thousand inhabitants should, in all future
time, be the ratio of representation: would not the
increased number of inhabitants have made it a
necessity to change the Constitution so as to in-
crease the ratio? Is a Constitution which was
framed for a Confederacy when there was but one
free State and twelve slaveholding States., ade-
quate for the protection of all sections, at a time
when there are nineteen free States and but seven
slaveholding States? Iam in earnest in this busi-
ness, and am sincere when I state that I do not
desire to interfere with slavery in the States. I
apprehend that my colleagues are equally so. I
apprehend that they do notdesuv to interfere with
slavery iu the States. But will they guaranty
that their successors, ten or twenty years hence,
will not be? Will they answer for the pi ogress
of public opinion in the free States, and for the
position which they may assume some years
hence ? I say that these slave States, if they in-
tend to remain in the Confederacy, have a right
to demand this guarantee; and so far as my vote
is concerned, they shall have it. [Applause on
the floor and in the galleries.]
My friends on this side of the House are making
a mistake. I tell them that public opinion i« the
States which we represent will not warrant this
refusal. At all events it is an ungracious thing
for them to refuse to permit their constituents to
express their opinion on this subject. No excep-
tion can be taken to the form and structure of
this amendment. It was proposed by the distin-
guished Senator from New York, [Mr. Seward,]
and adopted by the committee of thirteen of the
Senate, and voted for in that committee by Messrs.
Collamer, Doolittle, Grimes, Seward, and
Wade, who were all of the Republican members
of that committee; and voted against by Messrs.
Hunter and Toombs. This was early in the
month of January, when no State but South Caro-
lina had seceded. There were then fourteen slave-
holding States acknowledging their allegiance to
this Government. There aienow but seven. If
this amendment was called for then, how much
stronger is the necessity for it now ? I now move
the previous question. They may rest assured
that such a position will not bo sustained. All 1
have to ask at the hands of gentlemen on the
other side is, if this tiling is now refused, that
they will forego any act of secession ar rashness
until we shall have an opportunity of appealing
to the people of the free States for the justice of
their demands. [Applause.] I renew the cali
for the previous question.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I ask the gentleman from
Ohio to withdraw the demand for the previous
question. It is not fair to have two speeches
made on the same side, and none on the other.
Mr. STANTON. I most emphatically refuse.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
The question now being on the motion to re-
consider the vote by which the joint resolution for
an amendment to the Constitution was rejected,
Mr. FENTON demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were oideied.
[Great confusion prevailed in the Hall, and the
Speaker was unable, after repeated efforts, to
restore order.]
Mr. COX. I am satisfied we can never get
along with our business until the Hall is cleared
of the strangers who are present. A great part
of the confusion arises from the presence of stran-
gers, who arc here to bolster up the Red Repub-
lican part of the House.
Mr. McPHERSON. I think the remark of the
gentleman from Ohio is rathei uncalled for. There
is as much disturbance, and as many strangers,
on that side of the House as on this.
Mr. COX. I make no distinction. I want the
Hall cleared of strangers.
The SPEAKER. There can be no difficulty m
this matter. At the suggestion of the gentleman
the Chair orders the Hall to be cleared of ail who
are not entitled to its privileges.
Mr. ADRAIN. I hope the Chair will direct
the Doorkeeper to carry out that order
The SPEAKER. The Chair has so directed
him.
Mr. ADRAIN, Then I hope he will execute
it thoroughly.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. I think the gen-
tleman does injustice to the strangers who are
here. It is the members themselves who make
the disturbance.
Mr. LOVEJOY. What is before the House ?
I call the gentleman to order.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 128, navs 65; as follows:
YEAS—Measis. Chailes F. Adam*, Gieen Adams, Ad-
rain, Aldncli, William C. Anderson, Avery, Babbitt,
Ban-, Barret, Botelei, Bouhqjny, Biabson, Branch, Briags,
| Bu^tow, Biown, Bui eh, Burnett. Butterfield. Campbell,
I Horace F. Claik, John B. Clark, Clemens, Claik B. Coch-
] ranc, John Coclnune. Colfax, Corwiu, Cox, Janie^ Crai<r,
, Buiton Craige, II. Winter Davis. John G. Davis., Do
i Jarnette, Delano, Dimmick, Dunn, Rdmundson, Enid Mi,
; Etheridge, Florence, Fonke, Garnett, Gilmer, Hale, flail,
\ Hamilton. J. Mori^on Harris, John T. Harris. Ha^km,
! Hatton, Uclmick, Hoard, Ilolman. William Howard, Wil-
: ham A. Howard. Huirhe*, Humphrey, Jenkm*. Jmikin,
; WiiJuim Kc!lo™, Ken>on. lvilyoiu, Kiihnger, Kunkel, L;u-
! rabee, Jame^ M. Lench, Leake. Logan. Maclav, Maiioiv,
1 niuujus 1). Martin, El ben S. Martin, Maynaid, MeCler
■ nand, MeKenty, MeKnight, McPheison, Millson, Mont-
gomery. LalnmT, Moore. Moorhead, Moirdl. Edward Jov
Mdrris, Isaac N. Morris, Nelson, Niblaek, Nixon, Noel],
Olin, Palmer, Pendleton, Peyton, Phelps, Porter, Prvor,
Ciuarles, John II. Reynolds, Rice, Riggs, Cbri-topher Rob-
inson, James C. Robinson, Ruffin, Rust, Scianum, Sher-
man, Sickles, Sitrims, William N. II. Smith, Spauldnig,
low, Woodson, and YViight—128.
NAYS—Me sr->, Alley, Ashley, Beale, Bingham, Blair,
Blake, Diayton, Bufiiiium, Burlmgamc, Burnliam, Carey,
Carter, Ca^e.Cohurn, Conklmg, Comvav, Covode, Dawes,
Due!l,Edgerton, Edward-*,Eliot, Ely, Famsworth,Fenton,
Feiry. Fostei, Frank, Gooeh, Graham, Grow, Guiley,
Ilickman, Ilutchms, Irvine, Francis W. Kellogg, DeWitt
C. Leaeh, Lee, Loomis, Lovejoy, Mai^ton, McKean, Pet-
tit, Potter, Pottle, Edwin U. Reynolds, Rojee, Sedgwick,
Somes, Spinner, Stevens, William Steuait, Tappan,
Tompkins, Tiain, Vandever, Van Wyck, Wade. Waldion,
Walton, Cadvvalader C. Washburn, Eihhu B. VYashburne,
Welts, Wilson, and Woodruff—65.
So the motion to reconsider was agreed to.
Before the vote was announced,
Mr. HINDMAN (not being within the bar
when his name was called) asked leave to vote
Mr. BINGHAM objected.
Mr. HINDMAN stated that, if permitted, he
would vote " no."
The question recurred on the passage of the
joint resolution; which was read, as follow^:
Joint lesolutiou to amend the Constitution of the United
State-.
Be it resolved by the Senate und House of Representatives
oj the United Slates oj Jhaei ica in Congress assembled, (two
thtid^ of both Iloi^e-i eoneutrinc,) That the follo\vm<r ruti-
de be proposed to the Legislature* ot the several States as
an amendment to the Constitution of the United States,
which, when ratified by three fourths ot said Legislatures,
shall be valid, to all intents and purposes, as part of the
said Constitution; namely:
Art. 13. No amendment shall be made to the Constitu-
tion which will authorise oi give to Oongiess the power to
abolish or interfere, within any Stare, with the domestic in-
stitutions thereof, including that of persons he'd to labor or
service by the laws ot said State.
Mr. HICKMAN. I rise to a question of order
I understood the Chair to announce the vote as
128 in the affirmative, and 65 in the negative
That, in my judgment, does not authorize a re-
consideration.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of the opinion
that a majonty is sufficient to reconsider any vote.
Mr. HICKMAN. When it requires a two-
thirds vote to carry the question r
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of the opinion
that, m accordance with the uniform practice of
the House, a majority is only required to recon-
sider. A two-thirds vote will be required to pass
the joint resolution.
Mr. CORWIN I call the previous question
on the passage of the joint resolution.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
Mr, COX demanded the yeas and nays upon
the passage of the joint resolution.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. W ASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask that
rule 65 may be read.
The rule was read, as follows:
" 65. While thSpeaker i=s putting any question, or ad-
drp-ssunr the Ilou-e, none shall waik out of or across the
IIou=e; nor, m Mich ease, or when a member is speaking,
shall enteiram piiv.u-j discourse; nor while a member is
speakmn thall \)d^ between him and the chair.
The SPEAKER. The Sergeant-at-Arms will
see that the lule is strictly enforced, and that
membeisare not permitted to stand around the
Cierk's denk while the roll is being called.
Air. SHERMAN. I hope the rule which re-
quires mrmheis not to speak during the call of the
roll will also be enforced.
Mr. LOVEJOY. And! ask that the rule which
requires all members present to vote will also be'
enforced.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I rise to a question
of order. I am informed that the confusion which
exists m the Hall arises in consequence of the
fact that there are persons in the Hall who are
not privileged persons here. I trust, again, that the
Sergeant-at-Arms will be directed to perform Ins
duty. It, is a constitutional privilege of the mem-
bers of the House of Representatives, that they
shall be allowed to perform their official duties
without interference.
^ The SPEAKER. The Chair again directs tlft
Senreant-at-Arms and Doorkeeper to clear the
Hall oi all prrsoiisnotentuied to admission under
the rules.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I ask if the time has expired
in which the members of the peace conference are
allowed admission into the Hall;
