326
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 11,
ishing the forms to which they are accustomed."
This inherent conservatism of man, added to the
community of right and interest of all the States,
which it was the purpose of this Government to
preserve and protect, ought to make it perpetual.
The belief on the part of the northern people
that the southern States will not, and have not
the right and power to secede under any circum-
stances of oppression and injury, is doubtless one
prominent cause of their continued aggressions
upon the constitutional rights of the South. Had
they believed that the southern States could and
would secede if those aggressions were not dis-
continued, they would have ceased long ago.
The recognition of that right on the part of the
northern people would, in all probability, have
prevented the necessity of its cxercise. But, with
reckless fanaticism—led on and blinded by the
conviction that the South had no way of escape
or effective redress cxcept by revolutionary re-
sistance—has brought the country to its present
perilous position. The advantages and blessings
of thisGovernmenthave been manifold and great.
It is the most perfect system that the wisdom of
man has ever devised. Under its blessings and
benign influence our country has enlarged her
borders, strengthened her stakes, and made rapid
strides in all that gives domestic peace and pros-
perity at home, and insures for us respect and
power abroad. And the South has shown her
appreciation of all this, by enduring, from year
to year, ills and evils to which she would not
have submitted for a day, under other circum-
stances. She has borne and forborne, until for-
bearance has ceased to be a virtue; and now,
when the long-continued aggressions upon her
sacred rights have culminated in surrendering the
reins ofGovernment into the hands of one pledged
to exert his entire official influence to placc their
cherished domestic institutions in the counse of
ultimate extinction, who can blame those States
for resuming the powers they have heretofore
delegated to the General Government?
The Union is already dissolved. " One of its
brightest stars has disappeared from that re-
splendent galaxy which has so long lighted up
the western heavens, and to which the oppressed
of all nations looked with hope of deliverance."
Others will inevitably follow, one by one, but jn
rapid succession; and the luster of those that "C-
ra&in will be paled and dimmed, if, indeed, the
*'blackness of darkness" does not spread itself
over the entire scene. Where and now stands
Virginia? 1 answer, with the South. Interest,
honor, and inclination, unite her fate with that of
South Carolina and her sister southern States.
Immediate secession is the duty and interest of
Virginia. She can do nothing towards savi ng the
present Confederacy; its fate is sealed. The
sooner the people of Virginia know and recognize
this fact the better. In the wreck of th« present
ship of Suite, all is not lost; the broken frag-
ments, or some of them, at least, may be reunited
in the formation of a new Confederacy, modeled
after the fashion of the old one. Tune is precious.
Every southern State should promptly take up
her line of march, and, with equal promptness,
lookout for a new alliance. Promptand decisive
action on the part of ail the southern States is the
only step that promises to avert the shedding of
rivers ot blood  n civil strife. Nothing short of
an absolute dismemberment of this Union will
bring to their senses the dominant, fanatical party
at the North; and the sooner that fact is under-
stood, admitted,and acted upon, the better for all
parties.
Virginia fully appreciates the present struggle.
She will, now that the liberties, rights, and honor
of her people arc assailed, assert her sovereignty
by defending them. Let each southern State im-
mediately recede, and take steps with Virginia
towards the formation of a new Confederacy, on
the same model as the old one. Stand shoulder
to shoulder, in an unbroken column; and they
may call it revolution, if they please; but if any-
thing will avert war, such a movement, conducted
with calmness, moderation, and decisive firmness,
will have that effect. By the love of peace; by !
the dread of war; by the impulses of honor and
duty; by the instincts of self-preservation; and j
by considerations which must effect, for weal or :
woe, the people of Virginia, let her strike for free- !
dom and independence, and strike now. j
There was a time in her history, when Virginia, ;
like the mother of the Gracchi, when asked for her
jewels,coujd point to her sons. There they stood,
Jefferson, Henry, Madison, Monroe, and the im-
mortal Washington. Those sons of hers, when
they had spent their lives in achieving, and then
defending, her liberties, asked no higher honor
than that she would give them a tomb. She, too,
in this age, has been proud of another son, whom
she gave to the nation as the commander-in-chief
of its armies. That son I, together with her rep-
resentatives in the Legislature, in her name, have
honored with a sword for his brilliant achieve-
ments in-arms. Little did I think, little did Vir-
ginia think, that that sword was so soon to be
drawn against her who gave him birth. Here,
sir, in sight of her own blue hills, in sight of
the tomb of Washington, is this ungrateful son
planning his campaign, and planting his batteries
for her subjugation. And though she must weep
over the ingratitude of her parricidal son, the
more bccausc of htr pride in the glory of his past
renown, yet, emulating the firmness of the old
Roman fathers, she will discard him forever from
her bosom, and vindicate in his sacrifice the
majesty of her supreme law—the law of State
sovereignty and State allegiance.
DISTRICT COURTS IN ILLINOIS.
Mr. LOGAN. I desire to call up the motion
to reconsider the vote by which a little bill, in
which my people are interested, was referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary. It is a bill to
authorize the holding of the circuit and district
courts of the United States for the southern dis-
trict of Illinois at the city of Cairo. I hope there
will be no objection.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to.
The bill was then ordered to a third reading;
and it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. LOGAN moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
And then, on motion of Mr. FLORENCE, (at
four o'clock, p. m.,) the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Friday, January 11, 18GL
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Gurlky.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
COMMITTER SERVICE.
The VICE PRESIDENT announced the ap-
pointment of Mr. Daklr to fill the vacancy on
the Committee of Commerce, occasioned by the
resignation of Mr. Hamlin.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair has re-
ceived, with the lequest to lay it before the Sen-
ate, a communication from the Common Council
of the city of New York, in which they express
their fraternal and affectionate regard for their
fellow-citizens of the southern States, and their
purpose to sustain them in every constitutional
measure for the redress of their grievances; in
which they express the affection of the people of
the city of New York for the national Union,
and their immovable attachment to it, and rep-
resent that the local authorities in some of the
southern States have seized several of the forts,
arsenals, and other public buildings, and that they
earnestly request them to abstain from ail violent
measures pending the assiduous and patriotic ef-
forts that are now being made to adjust the differ-
ences between the North and the South, through
the action of the established authorities in the
manner provided for in the Federal Constitution;
approving the conduct of the Piesident of the
United States, and his ptupose to maintain the
authority of the Government in all places, and to
execute the laws; approv ing the conduct of Major
Anderson in holding the forts at Charleston, and
in preventing a collision between the soldiery
and the citizens; and representing that the Com-
mon Council of the city of New York have pe-
titioned the Legislature of that State to call a con-
vention of the State to take into consideration the
present condition of the country. If no motion
be made, it will lie on the table.
The memorial was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. lilGLER. I pie^ent a petition of citizens
of Columbia, Laucastei county, Pennsylvania,
setting forth their deprecation of the present un-
happy condition of the country, and their great
anxiety for the restoration of peace, and the pres-
ervation of the Union , and suggesting that in their
judgment the proposition submitted by the hon-
orable Senator from Kentucky [Mr. Crittenden]
would have that effect; and further they express
the opinion that those propositions would be ac-
cepted by a large majority of the people of Penn-
sylvania. I also present three memorials signed
by citizens of Philadelphia, of like import. I move
that all these memorials lie on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CAMERON. I am requested to present
eleven petitions from various parts of Pennsylva-
nia, signed by a great number of individuals, who
arc very anxious about the present condition ot
the country; and who bid me say that they are
willing to make any compromise consistent with
honor to preserve the integrity of the Union.
They are signed very numerously. I move that
they lie on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
REPORT FK03I A COMMITTEE.
Mr. DAVIS. The Committee on Military Af-
fairs and Militia, to whom was referred a resolu-
tion to inquire whether reductions can be made in
the military establishment, have instructed me to
make a rep6rt. The report consists in a statement
of the case, and amendments to two bills lying on
the table, S. No. 48 and S. No. Gl. The opinion
of the committee is that the enactment of those
bills, with the amendments proposed, would ac-
complish the ends desired, consistent with the
public service.
The report was ordered to be printed.
ORDER 01' BUSINESS.
Mr. BIGLER. There seems to be no further
morning business, and I move to postpone all
prior orders, for the purpose of proceeding to the
consideration of the resolutions submitted by the
Senator from Kentucky, [Mr. Crittenden.]
Mr. GREEN. I request the Senator 
Mr. BIGLER. I made a motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair recog-
nizes the motion; but the Senator from Missouri
addressed the Chair.
Mr. GREEN. I request the Senator to with-
draw the motion, because theie are some formal
matters to be attended to.
Mr. BIGLER. We can do that after we agree
to the motion; which is to postpone all prior or-
ders, and take up the resolutions of the Senator
from Kentucky.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is no special
order to be postponed.
Mr. GREEN. Not until one o'clock.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Pennsylvania moves to take up the resolutions ot
the Senator from Kentucky.
Mr. BIGLER. And postpone all prior orders.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is no prior
order now to be postponed.
Mr, BIGLER. Petitions are prior orders,and
ropoits are piior orders.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion is in
order to take up the resolutions; and the fact of
their being taken up prevents petitions or reports
being presented.
Mr. JjfGLER. Mr. President 
Mr. BRAGG. I wish to make a report.
Mr. BIGLER. I yield to the Senator from
Noi tii Cciiolina.
Mr. BRAGG, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the petition of James T. V.
Thompson, praying indemnity for losses sustained
by him on a certain lot of flour, purchased at a
Government sale, and on beef cattle, lost on their
way for delivery at Bent's Fort, under contract
with the Government, reported a hill (S. No. 5.33)
for the relief of James T. V. Thompson; which
was read, and passed to a second reading.
Mr. POLK. I think the bill reported by the Sen-
ator from North Caiolina [Mr. Bragg] passed
once before; two years ago it passed the Senate,
and I hope it will be now considered.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from Pennsylvania withdraw his motion ?
Mr. BIGLER. Yes, sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from Missouri move to take up the bill?
Mr. POLK. The Senator refuses to yield for
that purpose, as I understand.
