1286
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
Mr. SHERMAN. With the consent of ray
colleague, [Mr. Corwin,] I will move to postpone
the balance of the special order, for the purpose
of taking up two appropriation bills.
• Mr. BURNETT. How much time will they
consume?
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not think it will take
more than two hours to get the two appropriation
bills through.
Tiie motion to postpone was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I now move that the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union be
discharged from the further consideration of the
Indian bill, and that the civil bill be made a special
order in committee.
The motion was agreed to.
PATENT OFFICE REPORT.
Mr. GURLEY. I rise to make a privileged
report from the Committee on Printing.
Mr. BURNETT. I hope the gentlemah from
Ohio [Mr. Sherman] will dispose of his appro-
priation bills at once, I should have objected to
his motion, had I supposed thatanything else was
to come in.
Mr. SHERMAN. This is a privileged matter.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Resolved, That there he printed foi- the use of the mem-
bers of the House of Representatives two hundred thousand
extra copies of the agricultural Patent Office report for this
year, and fifteen thousand extra copies for official distribu-
tion by the Department of the Interior: Provided, Such
report be piinted in brevier type, and be compused within
four hundred and eighty paaes octavo.
Mr. SHERMAN. I would inquire of my col-
eague if that is the usual number.
Mr. GURLEY. It is the usual number; and
one hundred thousand less than was printed last
year.
Mr. BURNETT. I object to the reception of
that report now, unless it is strictly ill older.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks ihe report
is not in order, as the Indian appropriation bill is
now before the House.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
The House then proceeded to the consideration
of the bill (H. R. No. 865) making appropria-
tions for the current and contingent expenses of
the Indian depaitinent, and for fulfilling treaty
stipulations with various Indian tribes, for the
year ending June 30, 38G2.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask that the amendments
be lead. I move the previous question upon the
adoption of all the amendments, except that 1 elat-
ing to the Choctaw Indians.
Mr. PHELPS. When the Indian appropri-
ation bill was under consideration at the last
meeting of the Committee of the Whole on the
stateof the Union, I had the floor,and commenced
some remarks in reference to the Choctaw appro-
priation. i desire to submit some remarks upon
that amendment.
Mr. SHERMAN. I except that from my de-
mand for the previous question, and the gentleman
can discuss it when it is reached.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
The amendments of the Senate were then taken
up and disposed of, as follows:
First amendment:
Paj,<e 19, line eight, after the wmcl " on," strike out the
words ei investment of," fo ns to make the clause rend :
For mtere*i on $'201,057 80. ;it five per centum, tor Miami
Indians of Indian;), per Semite'* amendment to fourth ar-
ticic treaty otli .June, 1854, $1.1,06:2 89.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Second amendment:
Page 25, line two. after the word "the,v strike out "same,"
and insert in lieu thereof, '• ^hop j'1 ?.o that the clause in
reierenceto the Pawnees t-ljaJI read :
For purchase of iron and >tee|, and other necessaries for
the shop, duung the pleasure of the Pre.-ident, per fourth
article treaty 24th September, 1857, §500.
The Committee of "Ways and Means recom-
mended concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Third amendment:
Page 28, line fifteen, insert the following :
For reappropriation of this amount due the Pottaivnt-
ormos, the Pouawatomies of Indiana, the Pottawatomie*
of the Prairie, and the Pottawatoinies of the Wabash, in-
cluded m warrant No. 19 of the War Department, lor the
fiscal year endms June 30,1847, being balances of appio-
priations to fulfill treaty stipulation lm payment of annu-
ities carried to the surplus fund, namely: $42,905 06, to be
paid to said Indians during the current fiscal year.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Fourth amendment:
Page 47, line sixteen, after the words " fifty-five," strike
out the word " five" and insert" fifteenso that the clause
will read:
For second of twenty installments for the pay of each of
the head chiefs of the Flathead, Kootenay. and Upper Pend
d'Oroilles tribes, per fifth article tieaty 16th July, 1855,
$1,500.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mend non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Fifth amendment:
At the end of the bill add the following:
For payment to the Sissccton and Wah-pa-ton bands oi
the Dakota or Sioux Indians, for their reservation on the
Minnesota rivei, in the State of Minnesota, containing five
hundied and Mxtv-nine thousand six hundred acres, at
thirty cenis per acre, $170,880.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended concurrence, with an amendment, as fol-
lows:
Strike out the entire amendment of the Senate, and in-
sert the following:
For the payment of interest for one year on $170,880,
awarded by the Senate to the Sisseetrjn and Wah-pa-ton
band* of the Dakota or Sioux Indians, for their resei vation
on the Minnesota river, in the State of Minnesota, contain-
ing five hundred and sixty-nine thousand six hundred acres,
at timty cents pei'acie, $10,70.7 80.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed to.
The amendment,as amended, was concurred in.
Sixth amendment:
Aftei the hist amendment insert:
For payment to the Med-a-wa-knn-ton and Wah-pa-koo-
ta bands of the Dakota or Sioux Indians, for their reser-
vation on the Minnesota rivei, m the State ot Minnesota,
containing three hundred and twe.nty thousand acres, at
thirty cents per acre, $96,000.
The Committee of Ways and Means rrcom-
mended concurrence, with an amendment, as fol-
lows:
Strike out the entire amendment of the Senate, and in-
sert, m lieu thereof, the lollowmg:
For the payment of interest tor one year, on {£96,000,
awaided by the Senate to the Med-a-wa-kan-ton and Wah-
pa-koo-ta Indians, of the Dakota ot Sioux Indians lor their
reservation on the Minnesota iivei, in the State of Minne-
sota, containing tlnee hundied and twenty thousand acre«,
atthnty cents pet aeie, §5,760.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed to.
The amendment as amended svas concurred in.
Seventh amendment:
At the end of the lan amendment, insert the following:
For the expenses ol eoneentiating the Indians in the
Teiritoij ot Utah on reseivations iheiem remote fiom em-
igrant touted, purchase of agricultural implement? and
Mock cattle, and for the erection of houses, &c., including
the nece^ary traveling expenses of the supeiintendent of
Iudian ntfans, agents, cleik hiie, Sic., $45,000.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended concurrence, with an amendment, as fol-
lows:
Strike out the words " concentrating the," and insert,
before the word "expenses," the woids ugeneial inci-
dental."
The amendment to the amendment was agreed to.
The amendment as amended was concurred in.
Eighth amendment:
At the end of the last amendment, insert the following:
Foi salary of one supei intending agent tor the northern
distnct o{ the Indian s"rvice in California, from 28th of
June, 1800, when he entered on his duties, to 30th ot June,
13(31, per act of 19th of June, I860, at $3,600 per annum,
$3,609 67.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Ninth amendment:
At the end of the last amendment, insert the following:
For sataiy of one superintending neenttor the southern
district oftnc Indian servu-e in California, from 19th Sep-
tember, 1860. when he entered on h s duties, to 30th June,
1801, at $3,600 per annum, per act of 19th June, I860,
$2,512 08.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Tenth amendment;
At the end of the last amendment, insert the following:
Foj calane-1 of five supeivisor.s to the Indian reservations
in California, to insti uct the I ncliaris in hubbandry, at $'1,800
per annum each, foi the hall year ending 30th June, 1861,
per act oi 19th June, 1860. ^'-1.500.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Eleventh amendment:
At the end of the last amendment, insert the following:
For compensation to twenty laborers for the five reser-
vations m California, at fifty dollars per month, for the half
year ending 30th June, 1861, per act 19th June, 1860,$6,000.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Twelfth amendment:
At the end of the last amendment, insert the following:
For salary for an additional agent for the Indian service
in New Mexico, from22d August, I860, when he executed
his official bond, to 30th June, 1861, per act of 25th June,
1860, at $1,500 per annum, $1,289 90.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Thirteenth amendment:
At the end of the last amendment, insert the following:
For salary for an agent to the Ponca Indians, from the
21st August, 1860, when he executed his official bond, to
30th June, 1861, at $1,500 per annum, per act 25th June,
1860, $1,296 19.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Fourteenth amendment:
For salaiy for an agent to the Pawnees, from 18th Octo-
ber, 1860, when he executed his official bond, to30th June,
1861, at $J,500 per annum, per act of 25th June, 1860,
$1,055 70.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Fifteenth amendment:
For salary for an agent to the Yancton Sioux for the fis-
cal year ending the 3iith June, 1861, per fifteenth article of
treaty of 19th April, 1858, $1,500.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Patton,
one of their clerks, announced that the Senate had
agreed to the report of the committee of confer-
ence on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses,
on the bill to provide for the payment of the ex-
penses incurred by the Territories of Oregon and
Washington, in the suppression of Indian hostili-
ties in the years 1855 and 1856.
Mr. STANTON. I hope there will be no ob-
jection to the House acting upon the report of the
committee of conference on that bill now. It is a
unanimous report. If any gentleman desires any
explanation in regard to it, lam prepared togive it.
The SPEAKER. If there is no objection, the
report will be considered.
Mr. HASKIN. I object.
Mr. STANTON. I hope the rules will be sus-
pended by general consent.
Mr. HASKIN. I object, and insist on the reg-
ular order of business.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL AGAIN.
The House resumed the consideration of the
amendments of the Senate to the Indian appro-
priation bill.
Sixteenth amendment:
For payment for such peimanent improvements ns may
have been made by claimants to land oh the riven e named
in the second article of treaty of 10th September, 1853,
with the, Kogue lliver Indians, per second and third articles
of paid treaty, $2,000.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended concurrcnce.
The amendment was concurred in.
Seventeenth amendment:
For an eats of interest due 1st January, 1861, on .$70,000
five per centum bonds of the State of Indiana, $7,000.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Eighteenth amendment:
For exponecs attending the negotiation of the treaties of
the 19th of June, 1858, with the Lower and Upper Sioux
Indians, per tenth articles of said tieaties, $15,865 76.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred m.
Nineteenth amendment:
For earning into effect the eleventh article of the treatv
with the Choetaw tripe of Indians, made the 22d day of
June, 1855, and the award of the Senate made pursuant
ttiCi eto on the Dth of iVTareh, 1859. the sum of ,$1,202,560 85.
being the undisputed bdlanee due them, so much thereof as
