1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1287
the proper authorities of the tribe shall determine to he ne-
cessary for the paymentof the claim.s winch, bythe twelfth
article of the tieaty, the Choctaws have assumed to pay,
and of such other liabilities of the tribe as they may ascer-
tain and determine to be just, shall be paid over on their
requisition at such time and in such manner as they shall
request; and the residue lemaining, after fcatrslying such
claims and liabilities, shall be held in trust for the benefit
of the Choctaws, according to the provisions ot the thir-
teenth article of said treaty. In lieu of making such pay-
ments in money, the Secretary of the Treasury may. at his
discretion, issue to the Choctaws, on their requisition as
aloiesaid, certificates of stock, in the name of the United
States, beaung interest at the rate of six per centum per
annum, payable semi-annually at the Treasuiy of the Uni-
ted States; said certificates to be redeemable in ten yeais
or sooner, at the pleasure of the President of the United
States, and to bo transferable by the pioper authorities of
the Choctaw nation in such form as the Secretary of the
Treasury shall prescribe: Provided, That the question
whether the undetei mined balance, not now appropriated,
of $1,130,000 of the sum lepotted by the Committee on
Indian Afiaits as due the Choctaws undet the treaty and
award aforesaid, is a legitimate charge against the Choc-
taws by the teim4? of the f-aid award, be reserved for the
future decision ol the Senate.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended non-concurrence.
Mr. PHELPS. Mr. Speaker, I am aware that
it is not a very gracious task to prevent an appro-
priation of money being made to any of the Indian
tribes with which we have treaties. I am also
aware that, in the present condition of the Choc-
taw tribe, an appeal is made to our sympathies,
for they represent that, during the last year, then-
crops were destroyed, and that they are really in
a suffering condition, and, therefore, need that
money shall be appropriated to them. But, sir,
the magnitude of the sum under consideration is
my apoiogy for troubling the House with some
remarks upon this question, it is not merely the
sum of $1,200,000 embraced in this amendment,
but it is the sum of ^2,900,000 which the Choc-
taws claim to be due to them by an awaid made
by the Sen-ate of the United States in pursuance
of the treaty of 1655.
This tribe of Indians was settled in the State
of Mississippi, and while residing there, several
treaties were made with them—one as early as
1820, by which those Indians agreed to migrate to
the country lying west of what is now the State
of Aikansas. By the treaty of 1820 the limits of
the territory thus ceded to them by the United
States were defined to be the country extending to
the source of the Canadian foik of the Aikansas
river, and thence by a line due south till it struck
the Red river. In 3825 the country thus ceded to
the Indians was modified by these Indians relin-
quishing to the United States Government ail the
territory embraced in the limits thus defined by
the trea'ty of 3820, which lay east of the present
line of th-e State of Aikansas, lunnnvz south fi om
Fort Smith to the Red river. In 1H30, still an-
other treaty was made with these Indians, by I
which they ceded all of the lands which they
clanned in the State of Mississippi, to the Unit* d
States, in consideration of an absolute giant by
the Government of the United States of those lands J
lying west of Arkansas: anu the boundaries of
these lands were then defined to be, running north
up the Arkansas river, from the vicinity of Fort
Smith to the Canadian river, and thence by that
river to its source, and then due south to the Red
river, provided that the territory was embraced
within the limits of the United States; and if not
embraced within the limits of the United States,
then the western boundaiy of the United States
was to be the western boundary of the lands thus
ceded to the Choctaws.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. RIGGS, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported as truly enrolled a bill (H. R.
No. 999) to amend" An act supplementaly to an
act approved March 3, 1855, to organize an insti-
tution for the insane of the Army and Navy and
of the District of Columbia, m the said District,"
approved February 7, 1857; and a bill (H. R. !
No. 950) in relation to the postal service; when
the Speaker signed the same.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL AGAIN.
The House again resumed the consideration of
the amendments of the Senate to the Indian ap-
propriation bill.
Mr. PHELPS. Mr. Speaker, by virtue of the
treaty of 1830, reservations were permitted to the
Choctaw Indians as a part of the consideration
for the cession made by them to the United States
of their country. It was also agreed on the part
of the United States that they would pay them an
annuity, for some twenty years, of $20,000; and
various expenditures were provided for under
that treaty. The money thus stipulated to be paid
has been regularly appropriated and paid to tnese
Indians. It was provided at the same time that
these Indians should be emigrated to the territory
thus ceded to them, west of the State of Arkan-
sas, at the expense of the Government of the Uni-
ted States, and should be subsisted during their
emigration, and twelve months after they had
reached their new country. The real object of
the treaty of 1830 was to relieve the Government
of the United States from a difficulty in which
they had been ihvolved by the State of Missis-
sippi. The State of Mississippi had extended
its jurisdiction over the country inhabited bythe
Choctaw Indians, and there was an attempt to
enforce the laws of the State of Mississippi against
the Indians upon the lands which they occupied,
and which they really owned. For the purpose
of relieving this difficulty, it was stipulated that
the tribe should emigrate, but that those who
chose to remain in Mississippi, and accept of cit-
izenship, should be entitled to a certain quantity
of land. A grant of two sections of land was
made to some heads of families, half a section to
each child over ten years of age, and a quarter
section to each child under the age of ten years,
members of the family.
Again: it was stipulated that those Indians
who had improvements on their lands, and had
land under cultivation, might select their lands
so as to embrace these improvements. In other
woids, provision was made by which these In-
dians became entitled to various reservations, se-
lected by the heads of families, amounting to not
far from one million five hundred thousand acres
of land. This part of the treaty has been fully
complied wnh by the Government of the United
States. The compensation to be made to these
warriors, the expenses of iheir migration, their
subsistence, the various annuities agreed to be
paid by the treaty of 1830, have been all paid by
the Government. That tribe has come here and
said that there was ambiguity m the treaty of 1830;
that there were doubts as to whether they were
entitled, as they churned to be, to the net pioceeds
of the sales ol their lands sold m the State of Mis-
sissippi, which amounted to something like ten
million aci es. Now, the only ai tide in the treaty
of 1630 which relates to the subject is the follow-
ing eighteenth article:
u The United Stato? 'hall cause the lands hereby ceded
to be suiveud; and surveyor- may enter the Choctaw
couutrv lor lh.it puipo«,e, conducting them^elvs propeily,
nnd (I i.sun lung oi iniei iiipung n« ue of the Choctaw people.
Hut no p'ji-on k to [  • pci muted to set lie within tire nation,
or the iand> to he sold hofoie the Choct.iws shall remove.
And foi the pa\ ineni of the se\eial amounts sectned in this
tn'.ifv, the iauth hereby ceded are to ionium a fund pledged
to that put pin-e until the debt shad he j> ovuled tor and ar-
ranged. And fuithei, tt agieed Unit in the constiuchon
oi the ne.iu , w h"te\er well founded doubt sshall anse, it
shall be eon-tiued most favorably towards the Choctaws "
It is under this article of the treaty that the
Choctaw Indians claim to be entitled to the pro-
ceeds of the sales of their lands m the State of
Mississippi. 1 deny this position. I say that
those lands were ceded in consideration of several
pums of monev stipulated to be paid to them in
consideration of migrating them and subsisting
them for a limited period of time after they had
reached the new country assigned them, and in
consideration of their being permitted to select a
large quantity of land, embracing their improve-
ments within the State of Mississippi, and also
that the United States granted to them the fee of
the land assigned them, and was to issue a patent
thereon. That patent has been issued. Thus
the matter rests. From time to time, we have
made appropriations for the fulfillment of these
treaty stipulations. From time to time the deeds
executed by Indians for the transfer of their re-
serves have been recognized and approved bythe
President of the United Slates; for no Indian can
convey his land to an individual, unless the deed
shall leceive the approval of the President of the
United States.
Again: provision was made for the issuance of
scrip, provided the Indians did not desire to retain
their reservations, or to reside on them. If they
received scrip, that scrip was permitted to be
located on any other land in the States of Missis-
sippi, Louisiana, or Arkansas; and by subsequent j
legislation, provision was made that the scrip thus I
issued to the individual members of the tribe might
be located on any of the public lands of the United
States subject to sale at the minimum price. Much
of that scrip has passed into the market* It was
issued to the Indians, and by them sold; and that,
too, prior to the time when the country has been
inundated by land warrants issued in satisfaction
of services performed by soldiers in the war of
1812and in the Mexican war,so that the scripgen-
erally sold at near par value; and no loss was sub-
mitted to by the Indians, unless they acceded to
extortionate demands that might have been made
upon them by speculators.
After the migration of the Choctaw tribe, the"
Chickasaws desired to be incorporated and united
with the Choctaws. They agreed to emigrate to
the country west of the Arkansas. A treaty was
made in 1837 between the Choctaws and Chick-
asaws, and the assent of the United States was
formally given to this treaty; and, indeed, our
Government was a party to it. In consideration
of the Choctaws permitting the Chickasaws to
settle with them, the Chickasaws agreed to pay,
and did pay, to theChoctaws,thesumof $530,000.
At a subsequent period, the Government of tho
United States paid to the Choctaw Indians the
sum of $600,000, and to the Chickasaw Indians
the sum of $200,000, in consideration of their set-
ting apart a country lying west of the ninety-
eighth meridian of longitude, for the inhabitancy
and occupancy of such Indians as the Government
of the United States might see fit to send there.
Wo now come to the consideration of the treaty
made in 1855. Iam aware that the argument pre-
sented for our consideration is, that there is a
treaty made by the Government of the United
States with the Choctaw Indians; that that treaty
was ratified by a two-thirds vote of the Senate,
and therefore becamc a law of the land; and that
by that tieaty, it was stipulated as follows:
"Art. 1J. The Government of the United States not being
prepaied to .resent to the claim set up under the treaty of
Septcrnbei 27, 1830, and so earnestly contended for by the
Coctaw-i as a rule of settlement, but justly appreciating the
saonfico.-,f:uthJul services', and genciat good conduct of tho
Choctaw people, and hem? desirous thai their rights and
claims again*-! the United States shall receive a just, fair,
and hbeial consideration, it is therefore stipulated that the
followius; questions be submitted for adjudication to the
Senate ol the Untied States: First. Whether the Choctaws
are entith d to, or «bal! be allowed, the proceeds of the sale
of the laiid«ce<iod by them to the United States by the treaty
of September 27,1830, deducting therefrom the co^tof their
sutvey and sale, and all just and proper expenditures and
payment* under the prowsion.w of said treaty j and if so,
what pure per acre -hall be allowed to tho Choctaws for
the lands remaining unsold, in order that a final settlement
with them maybe promptly effected? or second, whether
the Choctaws shall be allowed a gross sum in further and
full satisfaction of all their claims, national and individual,
against the United States ; and if so, how much?"
I admit that this treaty was ratified at the ses-
sion of 1955-36. It is urged by those who sup-
port this amendment, that the treaty is binding
on this House of Representatives, and that the
llouscof Representatives i bound to appropriate
money to fulfill it, inasmuch as it is to carry out
the stipulations of a treaty thus made by the Uni-
ted States. I deny that proposition. 1 claim the
right to control my own vote as a member of this
House, whether it be jn fulfillment of treaty stip-
ulations or not. I claim the right to give my vote
for or against theenaetmentof any bill offered for
the purpose of carrying into effect treaty stipula-
tions, according to my own judgment.
Mr. MAYNARD. I ask the gentleman from
Missouri whether he claims to have a right, as a
member of this House, to go behind the treaty
and inquire into its propriety?
Mr. PHELPS. I claim v/hat I have stated—
that where a treaty lias been made by the Gov-
ernment of the United States, I care not whether
with an Indian tribe or with a civilized nation,
and where that treaty requires legislation by tho
House Of Representatives, if I disar^rove that
legislation, if my own judgment and conscience
do not perceive it to be right, my duty as a Rep-
resentative is to cast my vote against that meas-
ure. Such is the settled policy and doctrine of the
party with which I have the honor to act, although
1 dc not allude to it in a party point of view.
A discussion with respect to this very principle
arose in the early ftiys of the Republic, in the
celebrated Jay treaty, where the Democratic party
of that day advocated the same doctrine which I
now advocate. I can refer the gentleman from
Tennessee also to the discussion of a similar point
on a later treaty. 1 allude to the last treaty made
