1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
327
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion of the
Senator from Pennsylvania is in order if he insists
upon it.
Mr. BIGLER. I do.
Mr. GREEN. I rise to a point of order.
Tli'e VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Missouri rises to a point of order. He will state it.
Mr. GREEN. The point of order is, that the
very question the Senator now proposes to take up,
was made a special order for one o'clock to-day,
and it was done by the order of the Senate, so as
to give us the morning hour for ordinary business.
Now, that being a standing rule of the Senate,
he cannot move to change it; or if he does move
it, one single objection prevents the Chair from
putting the question to the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair cannot
take that view of it.
Mr. GREEN. I appeal from the decision of
the Chair.
Mr. BIGLER. It is certainly competent for
the majority of the Senate to control the order of
business.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Pennsylvania moves to take up the resolutions
of the Senator from Kentucky. The Senator from
Missouri supposes it cannot be done, as those
resolutions have been made the special order for
another time. The Chair decides that the motion
of the Senator from Pennsylvania is in order.
From that decision the Senator from Missouri
appeals. The question is, " Shall the decision of
the Chai-r stand as the judgment of the Senate?"
Mr. GREEN. On that point I desire to ex-
plain myself a little. I do not say that the motion
is out of order; but I say one objection stops it.
With unanimous consent, I know it can be done;
and hence the motion itself is not out of order;
but a majority of the Senate cannot so order
against a standing rule of the Senate. That is the
point I make. The morning hour must bo devoted
to morning business.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair still
overrules the point of order.
Mr. BIGLER. I intended to meet that case by
moving to postpone all prior orders. The prior
orders are: the presentation of petitions, making
reports, and offering original resolutions. I am
perfectly willing to yield for reports and peti-
tions.
Mr. GREEN. That is no prior order. That
is a standing rule. The Senator confounds a rule
of the Senate with the orders of the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
upon the appeal of the Senator from Missouri.
" Shall the decision of the Chair stand as the judg-
ment of the Senate?" . .
The question being put, there were, on a divis-
ion-v-ayes fourteen.
Mr. BINGHAM. I would like to have the
rule read before I vote.
Mr. KING. Let the rule be read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will,
with the leave of the Senate, state the point. The
24th rule of the Senate provides:
" After thf Jounml K read, the President shall first call
for petitions, and then t'oi reports lroni standing commit-
tees."
That is made the duty of the Chair after the
reading of the Journal. It is a direction as to the
course of business he shall pursue, which lie has
always rilled may be changed by a vote of the
Senate. It is simply a direction as to the course
he shall take, unless the Senate order otherwise:
and he has repeatedly ruled that it was m order
to make a motion to take up any piece of busi-
ness after the Senate had met and the Journal had
been read: in other words, that the rule does not
limit the Senate as to the order of business.
Mr. IVERSON. W ill the Chair have the rule
read in reference to how the morning hour shall
be appropriated.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The only rule on
the subject is that which the Chair has read.
Mr. BIGLER. I suggest to the Senator from
Missouri, that he withdraw the appeal, and that
the question be put on taking up the resolutions;
by which the sense of the Senate will be more
satisfactorily ascertained.
Mr. GREEN. I am perfectly willing to with-
draw the appeal, if the Senator will withdraw his
motion and let us proceed with the business, ac-
cording to the understanding yesterday—to take
until one o'clock to attend to other business—and
at o'cloclf the Senator from Massachusetts has
the floor on these resolutions. [" Half past twelve
o'clock!"] 1 made the motion yesterday, and
stated that we neeckd the morning hour for ordi-
nary business; and it was extended, by tlieorder
of the Senate, one half-hour on my own motion;
and now the proposition is to cut off, not only
half an hour, but ten minutes more.
Mr. BIGLER. I have no recollection of any
understanding such as is suggested by the Sen-
ator from Missouri. Certainly I was not a party
to any such understanding; and I must decline to
withdraw the motion. The sense of the Senate
can be readily ascertained.
Mr. KING. I will say to the Senator from
Missouri that I think the motion of the Senator
from Pennsylvania is in accordance with the
usage—what has been customary here in the Sen-
ate. I do not see anything in the rule read by the
Chair which would prohibit such a motion being
put.
Mr. GREEN. Yesterday the Senator from
Massachusetts moved to postpone this question
until twelve and a half o'clock to-day. I sug-
gested publicly to the Senate, that it ought to be
changed to one o'clock, for the reason that we
needed the morning hour for other business. At
my suggestion it was changed, and put at one
o'clock; and now this morning to reverse that,
and take away th# opportunity of doing other
business, is not fair either to the Senator or to the
Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be for the
Senate itself to determine whether it be fair or
not. It is certainly in the power of the Senate to
do it.
Mr. GREEN. They may do it by force.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. The decision of the
Chair seems to me obviously correct, ami it is
not only for that reason that 1 vote to sustain the
decision, but it seems to me that it is quite ne-
cessary to the business of the Senate, that the
rule should bo so construed. Are gentlemen will-
ing to decide that, under no circumstances, upon
no occasion, can a subject arise which, by the
almost unanimous voice of the Senate, may be
taken up as soon as the Senate meets, and to the
exclusion of the business which you, sir, are di-
rected to cull, in case no direction is given hy the
Senate—that is, petitions, and reports, and reso-
lutions > Can we not, at any time of our session,
if anything of sufficient importance occurs to jus-
tify it, order any particular subject to be taken
up in exclusion of everything else ? The Senate
seems likely to decide according to the vote, sp
so far taken, that this business of presenting peti-
tions and memorials, and reports from commit-
tees, shall take precedence of all measures, of
whatever importance or exigency. I do not think
it can be the intention of the Senate to establish
any such lule in that imperative manner.
Mr. GREEN. To gratify Senators, and for the
purpose of expediting business, and for these rea-
sons alone, I withdraw the appeal, and let the
question be taken on the motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the motion of the Senator from Pennsylvania, to
take up the resolutions of the Senator from Ken-
tucky.
Mr. IVERSON. 1 desire to make a report.
Mr. BIGLER. I yield.
bills FIIOM the couirr of claims.
Mr. IVERSON, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred a bill reported f''"m ^1C
Court of Claims for the relief of Selmar Seibert,
with the opinion of the court m favorof the claim,
reported the bill (S. No. 534) for the lelief of Sel-
mar Seibert, without amendment. The bill was
read, and passed to a second reading.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a bill reported by the Court of Claims,
for the relief of Joseph San Roman and William
Armstrong, administrators of James B. Arm-
strong, with the opinion of the court in favor of
the claim, reported the bill (S. No. 535) for the
relief of Joseph San Roman and William Arm-
strong, administrators of James B. Armstrong,
without amendment. The bill was read, and
passed to a second reading.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a bill reported by the Court of
Claims, for the relief of Lydia Cruger, executrix
of Moses Shepherd, deceased, with the opinion
of the court in favor of the claim, reported the
bill (S. No. 536) for the relief of Lydia Crugef,
cxecutrix of Moses Shepherd, deceased, without
amendment. The bill was lead, and passed to a
second reading.
ORDEH OF BUSINESS.
Mr. GREEN. I now move to take up the bill
lying on the President's table 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Bigi.f.r] moved to take up the
resolutions of the Senator from Kentucky.
Mr. GREEN. He withdrew it to allow the
Senator from Georgia to make reports.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It was withdrawn
temporarily, to enable the Senator from Georgia
to make some reports; and now the Chair decides
that the motion of the Senator from Pennsylva-
nia is before the Senate.
Mr. HUNTER. Is the motion of the Senator
from Pennsylvania to take up the resolutions of
the Senator from Kentucky, to the exclusion of
all others?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is a simple mo-
tion to take them up.
Mr. HUNTER. It will not set aside the spe-
cial order at one o'clock?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will not.
Mr. BIGLER called for the yeas and nays on the
motion to take up the resolutions;and they were
ordered.
The Secretary called the roll.
Mr. LANE, (who at first voted in the affirma-
tive.) Is the motion to take up now the special
order for one o'clock?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion is to
take up the resolutions of the Senator from Ken-
tucky.
Mr. LANE. They are the special order for
one o'clock?
The VICE PRESIDENT. There are two
special orders at one o'clock.
Mr. LANE. Then I change my vote. Let
that comeup at the regular time. I vote "nay."
The result was announced—yeas 15, nays 31;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Benjamin, Biglcr, Bragg, Bright, Crit-
tenden, Fitch, Hemphill, Latham, Malloiy, pparce, Rice,
Salisbury, Slidell, Thomson, and Wigfail—15.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Bakei, Bingham, Cameron,
Chandler, Clark, Clingman, Coilamer, Dixon, Doolittlo,
Durkec, Fi'ssendcn, Fitzpatrick, Foot, Foster, Green,
Grimes. Hale, Harlan, Iverson. King, Lane, Mason, Sim-
mons, Sunnier, Ten Eyck, Toombs, Trumbull, Wade,
Wilkinson, and Wilson—31.
So the Senate refused to take up the resolutions.
HOCK AD AY AND LIGGIT.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
! further petitions, reports are in order,
i Mr. GREEN. It" there be no further petitions
or reports, I move to take up the bill lying on
the table. .
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
present to the Senate a House bill to receive its
readings. „ ,
The bill (H. R. No. 915) forthe relief of Hock-
aday & Liffgit was read twice by its title.
Mr. GREEN. That bill passed the Senate at
the lastsessionand failed simply because itpassed
within the last three days, and the President,
under his rule, did not approve it. It has now
passed the other House unanimously, and I move
to put it on its passage hero.
The Senate, by unanimous consent, proceeded
to consider the bill as in Committee of the Whole.
It authorizes the payment of $59,576, to Hocka-
day & Liggit, in full payment for damages sus-
tained by them in reduction of pay for carrying
the mails on route No. 8911. lliis sum is to bc^
paid to William Liggit, for and on account of
Hockaday & Liggit, and for their benefit. _
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
message from tiie iiocse.
A message fiom the House of Representatives
by Mr. Forney, its Clerk, announced that the
House had passed the following bills, in which
the concurrence of the Senate was requested:
A bill (No. 488) authorizing the holding of a
circuit and district courts of the United States for
the southern district of Illinois, at the city ot
Cairo: „ , , . e
A bill (No. 918) for the relief of the heirs of
Noah Wiswall;
