1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
329
justice shall be deemed all those who have of-
fended against the laws of a State within its juris-
diction, and who have escaped therefrom; seventh,
that Congress shall recognize and protect as prop-
erty whatever is held to be such by the laws or
prescriptions of any State within the Territories,
dock-yards, forts, and arsenals of the United
States, and wherever the United States has exclu-
sive jurisdiction; with the following exceptions:
First, it may leave the subject of slavery or invol-
untary servitude to the people of the Territories
when a law shall be passed to that effect with the
usual sanction, and also with the assent of a ma-
jority of the Senatorsfrom the slaveholding States,
and a majority of the Senators from the non-
slaveholdihg States. That exception is designed
to provide for the case where we might annex a
Territory almost fully peopled, and whose people
ought to have the right of self-government, and
yet might not be ready to be admitted as a State
into the Union.
The next exception is, that "Congress may
divide the Territories, to the effect that slavery or
involuntary servitude shall be prohibited in one
portion of the territory, and recognized and pro-
tected in another; provided the law has the sanc-
tion of a majority from each of the sections as
. aforesaid," and thatexception is designed to pro-
vide for the case where an unpeopled Territory is
annexed and it is a fair subject of division be-
tween the two sections.
Such, Mr. President, are the guarantees of prin-
ciple, which, it seems to me, ought to be estab-
lished by amendments to the Constitution; but I
do not believe that these guarantees alone would
protect the social system of the South against at-
tack, and perhaps overthrow, from the superior
power of the Worth. I believe that, in addition
to these guarantees of principle, there ought to be
guarantees of power; because, if you do notadopt
these, the South would still be subjected to ihe
danger of an improper use of the patronage of
the Executive, who might apply it for the purpose
of stirring up civil strife and dissension among
them. The southern States might, too, notwith-
standing these provisions, find themselves in a
position in which the stronger party had construed
them away, and asserted, perhaps, that there was
some higher law, which nullified and destroyed
them. To moke the South secure, then, some
power ought to be given it to protect its rights in
the Union—some veto power in the system, which
would enable it to prevent it from ever being per-
verted to its attack and destruction.
And here, Mr. President, if the Senate will bear
with me, 1 will proceed to suggest such remedies
in this regard as I think ought to be applied, pre-
mising tliat I do not mean, by any means, to say
that 1 suppose I am suggesting the only means
on which a settlement may be made. I know
there are others—others on which I would agree
to settle it—but I am suggesting the means on
which I think the best and the most permanent
settlement can be made; and I do not think that
any permanent peace/;an be secured, unless we
provide some guarantees of power, as well as of
principle. %/
In regard to thi^guarantee of power, in the first
place, I would resort to the dual executive, as
proposed by Mr. Calhoun, not m the shape in
which he recommended it, but in another form,
which, I think, is not obnoxious to the objection
that may be fairly taken against hts plan. I would
provide that each section should elect a President,
to be called a first and a second President; the
first to serve for four years as President, the next
to succeed him at the end of four years, and to
govern for four other years, and afterwards to be
reeligible. I would provide that, during the term
of service of the first President, the second should
be President of the Senate, with a casting vote in
case of a tie; and that no treaty should be valid
which did not have the signature of both Pres-
idents, and the assent of two thirds of the Senate;
that no law should be valid which did not have
the assent of both Presidents, or in the event of
a veto by one of them, the assent of a majority
of the Senators of the section from which he came;
that no person should be appointed to a local
office in the section from which the second Pres-
ident was elected, unless the appointment had the
assent of that President, or in the event of his
veto, the assent of a majority of the Senators from
the section from which he came.
And, sir, if I had the power, I would ^flange
the mode of electing these Presidents; I would
provide that each State should be divided into
presidential electoral districts; that each district
should elect one man, and that these representa-
tives from the whole United States should meet
in one chamber, and that the two men who, after
a certain number of ballots, received the highest
number of votes should be submitted as the can-
didates to the people, and he should be declared
as President who received a majority of the dis-
tricts—the districts each voting singly. I would
do this to destroy the opportunities which are
given under our present system of nomination to
the formation of corrupt combinations for pur-
poses of plunderand of patronage. I would sub-
stitute this, instead of the national conventions,
which have already done so much harm in our
system.
I would also diminish the temptation to such
corrupt combinations for spoils and patronage, by
the fact that the President, after the first election,
would be elected four years before he commenced
his service as President, and in the mean time he
would be training as a second President at the
head of the Senate, and exercising the veto power.
The fact that he was elected four years before-
hand would do much to prevent such combina-
tions; but, further than this, the effect of such a
division of the Executive power would be to de-
stroy, to a great extent, the miserable system of
rotation in office, which exists at present, and to
make merit the test of the fitness for office and a
guarantee for his permanence in place; for, as the
second President would probably keep those in
office during his term of President whom he had
protected by his veto power before, if they were
worthy of the place, the effect would be, at least
if this system were introduced, that the rotation
principle would be applied, if at all, not once in
four years, but once in eight years.
But this plan would have another good effect.
It would save us from most of those agitations
attending a presidential election which now dis-
turb the" country, which unsettle public affairs,
and which are doing so much to demoralize and
corrupt the people. The election would take
place in one section at a time; it would take, place
m each section but once in eight years; and in
this way we should escape those disturbances
which are now dividing and destroying us.
Mr. President, I do not believe that under this
system the objection would apply which has been
urged against the common dual executive. I have
no idea that it would get up two parties, each con-
centrated around the differentPresidents; because
the second President would exercise his veto power
only for the protection of his section, and would
not wish to offend the other section, whose good
will would be valuable to him hereafter; nor would
he wish to impair and injure the influence of the
office to which he was to succeed after his prede-
cessor had passed through his term of service.
The rule between them would be the rule of jus-
tice; and the probability is, that whenever, there
was a dispute, it would be apt to end in adopting
that course which either was just, or which seemed
to be just, to both sections.
Neither, sir, would it operate to retard or delay
the operations of the Government to too great an
extent. In time of war, the operation would be
quick enough. In time of peace, the delay would
only occur where there was a dispute between the
sections; and there the movements of Govern-
ments ought to be slow until some means are
found for conciliating and adjusting the difficulty.
But, Mr. President, 1 will go further. I believe,
putting out of consideration these sectional ques-
tions, that the working of the present executive
system of our Government will destroy it m the
end, and lead either to disunion or despotism, if
some amendment be not made. I believe it will
do so because the working of our executive sys-
tem is now such as to beget and bring up a party
whose existence and foundation depend upon
spoils and plunder. I have often heard Mr. Cal-
houn say that most of the conflicts in every Gov-
ernment would be found at last to result in the
contests between two parties, which he denom-
inated the tax-consuming and the tax-paying par-
ties. The tax-consuming party, he said, was that
which fed upon the revenues of the Government,
the spoils of office, the benefits of unequal and
class legislation; the tax-paying party was that
which made the contributions to the Government
by which it was supported, a,nd expected nothing
in return but the general benefits of its protection
and legislation; and he said, and said wisely, in
my opinion, that whenever this tax-consuming
party, as he called it, got possession of the gov-
ernment, the people must decay, arid the Gov-
ernment must eithcrgo to pieces or assume another
and different form.
Now, sir, I say that the working of our pres-
ent executive system is such as to produce a party
of that description in the country, and give it the
power of ruling its affairs. Place the predomi-
nant power in this Government in such hands,
and I say one of two things must certainly hap-
pen: the Union will go to pieces in the collision
which such a state of things would occasion, or
else the Government would eventuate in a <*
The check which I propose would not only
remedy this evil, by giving a sectional check
where a sectional check is necessary, but it would
do more; it would do much to purify the general
legislation of the country, and do much to elevate
the tone of public morals and manners through-
out the land. I believe that this single change
would do more to give us a permanent Union, a
just and efficient Government, than any other that
could be made.
But, Mr. President, that is not the only check
which, in a reconstruction of this Government
and Union, ought, in my opinion, to be intro-
duced. It is well known that some of the- most
important objects of this Constitution and Union
are left simply to the discretion of the States; that
there is a large class of rights, and important
rights, for which there are no remedies, or next
to no remedies. Those provisions which are de-
signed to secure free trade and free intercourse
between the citizens of the States can all of them
be nullified or set aside by State legislation. The
States can pass laws so to obstruct this free inter-
course that the consti tutional privilege may amount
to nothing; and if this Union had endured, and
these contests had continued, we should have seen
laws passed in a spirit of retaliation by the States
which would have broken up free trade between
them. They could have taxed the commodities
of the obnoxious States after the package was
broken, under the decision of the Supreme Court
itself. They could make it penal in their citizens
to use the ships of another State, if it was obnox-
ious to them; and in many other ways they could,
by their legislation, destroy some of the most
important objects of the Constitution.
I believe, myself, that it was intended, by the
framers of that instrument, that the States should
have been mainly instrumental in restoring fugi-
tives from labor, or, to speak more plainly, fugi-
tive slaves. We know that it is in their power,
not only to refrain from discharging this duty,
but actually to obstruct and impede the Govern-
ment of the United States in its effort to execute
the law. There are certain rights for which there
are no remedies. Itis provided, for instance, that
no State shall maintain an army; and yet, if it
does so, there is no remedy to prevent it.
Now, sir, I propose, in order to secure the
proper enforcement of these rights for which, as .
I say, there are no adequate remedies, that the
Supreme Court should also be adjusted. It should
consist often judges—five from each section—the
Chief Justice'to be one of the five. I would al-
low any State to cite another State before this
tribunal to charge it with having failed to perform
its constitutional obligations; and if the court de-
cided a State thus cited to be in default, then I
would provide, if it did not repair the wrong it
had done, thatany State might deny to its citizens
within its jurisdiction the privileges of citizens in
all the States; that it might tax its commerce and
the property of its people until it ceased to be in
default. Thus, I would provide a remedy without
bringing the General Government into collision
with the States; and withoutbrmging the Supreme
Court into collision with them. Whenever inter-
national stipulations in regard to the duties im-
posed on the States, as laid down in the Consti-
tution, are violated, I would remedy the wrong
by international remedies. I would give a State
the right, in such cases, after the adjudication of
the court, to deny to the offending State the per-
formance of the mutual obligations which had
been created for its benefit. In this way I believe
