1290
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
Should the approaching winter prove as severe as the
last, the stock must also perish, and then nothing will re-
main. not even drigd beef alone, to satisfy the cravings of
, hunger.
Under these appalling and distressing circumstances, we,
your memorialists, feel,as the representatives of the Choc-
taw people, that we have a right to caM upon your honor-
able body to speedily appropriate the necessary amount to
pay the Choctaw people the debt which, under the award
of the Senate of the United States, made in accordancc
with the stipulations contained in the treaty of June, 1803,
has been ascertained to be due them.
We ask, as a matter of justice and humanity, that your
honorable body take nnmpdiate action on this subject,
which, to many among us, is a matter of life and death.
Your memorialists have been taught to look upon and
feel towards the Government of the United States that it
was their friend and guardian.
We come not before you as paupers or mendicants, but
a loyal and industrious people, who have been prevented
by the intervention of providential causes from producing
a sufficiency of the staff of hie to supply our very limited
wants.
All we ask is that you discharge the amount guarantied
to us by your own solemn covenant and treaty stipulation.
PETER FOLSOM,
President of the Senate.
WILLIAM ROEBUCK,
Speaker of the House*
One word more, and I will dismiss this subject
and commend it to the sense of justice of the
House. To-day we have been called upon by a
report of a committee on conference to appro-
priate some two or three million dollars to pay-
white men for murdering, assassinating, annihi-
lating, and destroying the friendly Indian tribes
of the Northwest. We have money enough to
pay for services of that character—services which
profess to have been rendered about the time of
the enactment of this treaty. Millions for such
purposes we have, and we appropriate them, it
seems to me, ungrudgingly, not to say unblush-
ingly; but when there comes here a demand as
sacred as the adjudication of a court of justice,
established by a tribunal of our own selection,
one composed wholly of our own citizens, by a
treaty stipulation, unlikfc every other treaty, I
imagine, ever negotiated between two civilized or
uncivilized nations before, certainly unlike any-
thing to be found in any other of our Indian trea-
ties; when they come and ask us to pay what our
own chosen tribunal has decided and adjudged
they arc entitled to, why we pause and hesitate.
I will not trespass further upon the time of the
House at this stage of the session. In conclu-
sion, I will read, as the gentleman from Missouri
has referred to a memorial presented to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means by tlie agent of the
Choctaw Nation, a mcmonfodum from the same
source, which 1 have before me. It is as follows:
Memorandum in regard to the amount found due the Choc-
taws under the award of the Senate, made March 9, 1&59,
pursuant to the elcrenth article of the treaty of 1855 unth
the Choctaws and Chickasaws:
The award of the Senate prescribed and fixed the prin-
ciples upon which the settlement with the Choctaws, con-
templated by the treaty of 1855, should be made, and di-
rected the Secretary of the Interior to causc an account to
he stated in conformity therewith. Saul account was pre-
pared, and on the 8th May, 1860, submitted to both Houses
ot Congress. The award being, by the twelfth article o( the
treaty, linal arid conclusive, the only question in the case
is as to the correctness of the account.
Though the treaty (eleventh article) provides " that their
rights and claims against the United States shall receive a
juist, fan, and liberal consideration," extreme rigidity as tp
the interests of the Choctaws was exeiciscd in the state-
ment of the account. No liberality whatever was shown
to them. The amount shown by the account to be due to
the Choctaws was $2,981,247 30, which the Committee on
Indian Attains of the Senate cut down to $2,333,560
(See their report No. 263, first session, Thirty-Sixth Con-
gress.)
The Commissioner of Indian Affairs, who stated the ac-
count, In his repoit submitting it to the Secretary of the
Interior, says: " It is to be observed that, under the second
article of the treaty of 1830, a patent was ifsucd to the
Choctaws for the countiy west of Arkansas, estimated to
contain fifteen million actes; subsequently the Chickasaws,
with the consent of the United States, puichased a portion
of this tract at $530,000, which the United States paid out
of the trust fund belonging to the Chickasaws, with the ex-
ception of $30,000 paid in the manner directed by the third
article of the articles of convention and agreement between
the Choctaws and Chickasaws, concluded the 17th Janu-
ary, 1837. Under the treaty of 185.3, the Choctaws leased
a portion of their country, for which the United States paid
the sum of $600,000. If these sums are to be regaided as
payments under the treaty of 1830, the amount due the
Choctaws will be $1,851,247 30."' It does not appear from
the letter of the Secretary of tne Interior transmitting the
Commissioner's report and the account to Congress, that
he entertained the opinion that the sums mentioned should
be regarded as payments under the treaty of 1830, and that
the amount found due the Choctaws should he diminished
accordingly. It is difficult to understand how or upon what
ground an amount allowed to the Choctaws for a portion of
their country, by the Chickasaws, out of their ownfunds> under
the virtue of a separate and distinct convention between the
two tribes, entered into in 1837, and which amount, less
$30,000 paid by the Choctaws in 1837, is now held in trust
for them by die Government, can orcould be regaided as a
payment to the Choctaws by the United States under the
treaty of 1830.
It is equally difficult to understand how an amount
agreed by the ninth article of the treaty of 1855 to be allowed
by the United States to the Choctaws, for the lease of a
portion of their country and the relinquishment of their
right to another portion thereof, can be considered, or pre-
tended to be, a payment under the treaty of 1830. It is only
the "just and proper expenditures and payments under the
provisions of said treaty," that can be deducted in the set-
tlement with the Choctaws under the award or the Senate;
and surely neitherof the amounts named can be considered
as an expenditure or payment under that treaty. The only
hypothe&is upon which such an idea could be based is,
that the Choctaws acquired, or obtaiued, a belter title to
their country west of Atkansas by the treaty of 1830, and
that they should therefore be charged the amounts realized
by them, from whomsoever received, for such portions ot it
as they have disposed of, as payments under the treaty of
1830. Such a principle of settlement, however, though con-
trary to the treaty of 1855, and the award ot the Senate,
would require them to be charged with the value of their
whole country at the tune they so acquired it. But they
neither acquned it by the treaty ot 1830, nor thereby re-
ceived any better title to it than they wete possessed of
prior to that tieaty. It was ceded to them by the treaty of
1820, the cession being full, complete, ami unqualified.
The main object of the treaty ot 1830, was to obtain from
the Choctaws a ce?sion of a portion ot the lands they owned
in the State of Mississippi, and to perpetuate them as a
nation in the country wes-t of the Mississippi nver. The
Choctaws made the desired cession in the first article of
the tieaty; and the second article thereof piovided that
" for and in consideration ot the foregoing cession on the
part ot the Choctaw nation, and in pan satisfaction foi the
same, the commissioner of the United States, in behalf of
said States, do hereby cede to said nation a tiact of country
west of the Mississippi nver, situate between the Arkansas
and Red liver, and bounded as follows:" the houndanes—
except the eastern line, which was changed by the treaty of
1825—coriespondmg with those defined in the treaty of
1830. This was a complete and unqualified cession—not
even clogged with the usual condition of giants to Indians,
that the lands were " to be held as other Indian lands are
held." The Choctaws thus became the absolute owners
of the country. Hence, when it became necessary, in 1825,
for the Government to repossess the eastern portion of it,,
they had to acquire it by purchase and cession fiom the
Choctaws. See first article of the treaty of 1825, which
reads: u The Choctaw nation do heieby cede to the United
States all that portion of the land ceded to them by the sec-
ond article of the treaty of Doak's Stand, (tieaty ot 1820,)
as aforesaid, lying east of a line beginning on the At kansas,
one hundred paces east of Fort Smith, and running thence
due south to Red river, it being understood that this line
shall constitute and remain thepei manent boundary between
the United States and the Choctaws. The second aiticle
of the treaty specified the consideration allowed the Choc-
taws for this sale and cession. Beyond all doubt, then,
they had a complete and valid title to the country prior to
the treaty of 1830.
It is tiue that the treaty of 1830 did purport to give the
Choctaws a giant to the countiy m fee simple ; but it did
not vest in tlwm a fee simple title, for they could not dis-
pose of the country, or any poitton of it, without the as-
sent of the United States; and hence the Government was
a consenting party to the convention of 1837, by which
they disposed of part of it to the Chickasaws. Moreover,
this pretended giant in fee simple was clogged with the
condition that the tiact should only " inure to them while
they shall exist as a nation, and live on it;" so that they
could not have removed elsewhere, amalgamated them"-
"feelves with another tribe, or even dissolved their national
or tribal oiganization, with the view of becoming citizens
of the United States, without forfeiture of their lands.
Their title under the treaty of 1820 was not so clogged
or qualified; and, consequently, the treaty of 1830, so far
from giving them even a better title, impauedand lessened
the value of that they already held. It would, therefore,
be an act of great wrong and injustice to deduct anything,
directly or indirectly, from the amount found due them,
under the awaul of the Senate, on account of the pretended
grant m f^e simple under the treaty of 1830.
Thr sum found due to the Choctaws under the award of
the Senate appears, doubtless, to b<> voiy large; but if must
be recollected that they had just and valid claims remain-
ing unsettled against the United State-, under the v.uious
provisions of the treaty of 1830, to a veiy huge amount,
from which, by the treaty of 1855, the Government is re
lieved, and the" burden of their settlement with the individ-
ual claimants is saddled upon the Choctaw nation. These
claims exceed, in the aggiegate, three and a halt million
dollars, as shown by a detailed exhibit thereof filed before the
Committee on Indian Affairs of the Senate; so that, if the
amount reported by that committee, namely, $2,332,560 85,
as due the Choctaws, is appropriated, they will get tar less
than will be sufficient to pay the claims so trahsfeued to
and saddled upon the nation.
Whatever amount the Choctaws are to get, it is of the
utmost importance that they get it soon, for they have suf-
fered the same calamity, and are In even a worse condi-
tion, fiom the loss of their crops, than the people of Kansas
whose case has justly excited general sympathy, and for
whose relief the President of the United States has recom-
mended that a liberal appropriation be made by Congress.
Unless they soon obtain the means of procuring subsist-
ence, large numbeis of them must pensh of starvation.
They do not, however, ask chanty ol either the Govern-
ment or individuals ; if'they can receivo at an early day the
amount which, after the most careful and rigid investiga-
tions, has been found to be unquestionably due to them,
under the award of the Senate, they will piovide for them-
selves' P. P. PYTCIILYNS,
Choctaw Delegate.
Washington City, December 28, I860,
Mr. STEVENS, of Washington. 1 desire to
set the gentleman from Tennessee right in ref-
erence to one matter to which he has referred.
I trust that justice will be done in this case, as
partial justice is being done, I trust, to my con-
stituents, the people of Washington Territory.
The gentleman has spoken as though the Indian
wars in Washington resulted from gross tres-
passes committed by the whites upon the Indians;
whereas the operations of the whites were strictly
of a defensive character against the attacks which
the Indians commenced upon the whites.
Mr. MAYNARD. I do not propose to discuss
thatqueslion with my friend. He knows, as well
as I can tell him, that I differ widely from him in
my estimate of the history of these transactions.
Mr, STEVENSON, i do not intend to go into
a full discussion of this case at this time* I re-
ferred to the character of.this claim in the discus-
sion upon it two d^xys ago. I only desire, now to
reply to one or two suggestions of the gentleman
from Missouri, [Mr. Phelps.] I think it is too
late for the Government of the United States to
question -the validity of this claim, or attempt to
avoid the obligation resting upon it promptly to
pay it at once. The propositions assumed in the
discussion of the Gadsden treaty, and referred to
the gentleman from Missouri, [Mr. Phelps,] do
not rest upon the same basis on which this claim
demands an action. This was a solemn award
under the arbitrament of the Senate of the United
States, agreed upon and stipulated in a treaty
which the United States Government itself rati-
fied. Suppose the treaty to have been wrong, and
based on wrong principles: the Senate ratified
it. The Senate was our arbiter. Its award is
higher than a judgment. It is above a treaty. It
cannot be reviewed for error. It can only be im-
peached for mistake or fraud. The award for this
sum of money, due under the solemn judgment of
the Senate to these poor Indians, stares us in the
face; and one of the arguments now adduced by
my friend from Missouri, a member of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, is, that the award is
for too much money. He claims the arbitration
was based on wrong principles. Sir, if it had
been an award between Russia and this Govern-
ment, I doubt whether my friend would have
deemed that ground tenable. Had he resisted
payment on that scorc, and our Government had
taken his advice, Russia would have answered us '
by her cannon. But when these poor Indians,
who have been waiting upon us for twenty years,
whose lands havu been taken from them and sold
by the United States, ask us to pay them what
our own arbitrators have awarded them, we tell
them we will not pay them their money because
the amount is too large, or our Treasury is ex-
hausted. If we have not the money, can we not
issue bonds? They are willing to take bonds;
and I implore this House, in the name of justice
and fair-dealing, do not let the stigma of repudia-
tion be now, at this day, put upon the hitherto
unsullied faith of our common Government.
But I have one other remark which I desire to
submit. Under the treaty of 1855, we stipulated
that these Choctaws should bccomc bound to as-
sume certain individual claims that the Govern-
ment of the United States itself then owed to other
persons. No member of the Committee of Ways
and Means will deny that. By the terms of that
treaty, the United States Government not only
stipulated that all unadjusted claims between the
Choctaws and itself should be referred to the Sen-
ate of the United States as exclusive arbiter,
whose award was to be final; but the twelfth ar-
ticle of that treaty imposed an obligation upon the
Indians to pay private debts which this Govern-
ment then owed to certain individuals. The char-
acter of these private claims is designated in the
report made by the Senator from Arkansas [Mr.
Sebastian] which is before me. These Indians
have, on their part, under this treaty, assumed
to pay these debts of the United States, and are
liable to be coerced into paying them; and yet we
repudiate our own treaty—repudiate our own
arbiter, the Senate of the United States—and refuse
to pay the sum awarded these Choctaws, because
it is a large one. I read now from the twelfth
article of the treaty:
u Art. 1Q. in case the Senate shall award to the Choc-
taws the net proceeds of the lands ceded as aforesaid, the
same shall be received by them in full satisfaction of all
their claims against the United States, whether national or
individual, arming under any former treaty; and the Choc-
