1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1291
taws shall thereupon become liable and bound to pay all
such individual claims as may be adjudged by the proper
authorities of the tribe to be equitable and just; the settle-
ment and payment to be made with the advice and under
the direction of the United States agent for the tribe; and
so much of the fund, awarded by the Senate to the Choc-
taws, as the proper authorities theieot' shall ascertain and
determine to be necessary for the payment of the just lia-
bilities of the tribe, shah, on their requisition, be paid over
to them by the United States. But should the Senate allow
a gross sum, in fuuher and full satisfaction of all their
claim?, whether national or individual, against the United
States, the same shall be acccpted by the Choctaw?, and
they shall thereupon become liable for, and bound to pay,
all the individual claims as aforesaid; it being expressly
understood tnat the adjudication and decision of the Senate
shall be final.'5
We forced them to assume these individual
claims. We rendered them liable for those claims;
and now, in a time of famine and distress, we
deny them not only what we owe them, but we
absolutely repudiate the very obligations that, by
the terms of the treaty of 1855, we have entailed
upon them.
The only serious argument that I have heard
against the payment of this claim is that we have
not got the money. Well, the Indians are will-
ing to take the bonds of the Government. I have
no doubt that they have already paid a great many
of these individual obligations, and that is an ad-
ditional motive for doing justice and standing by
the sanctity of the treaty, and upholding the ob-
ligation imposed on us by this award.
Mr. SHERMAN. The House is not in the
humor, at this late period of the session, to listen
to arguments, and therefore I will simply state
the conclusions at which I have arrived.
I am opposed to the amendment: first, because
it has been improperly put upon this bill. This
is a bill making appropriations for the Indian
service for the next fiscal year, and the loading
down of appropriation bills with private claims, as
a matter of coursc prevents a fair discussion and
consideration of them.
But I have a second objection to this amend-
ment. The gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Ste-
venson] says that.this is a solemn award. Well,
if you call this a solemn award, I do not know*
what a solemn award is. It seems that the chair-
man of the Committee on Indian Affairs of the
Senate came in, after the adjournment of Con-
gress—at a called session of the Senate—and sub-
mitted a resolution; and without debate, without
anybody knowing what was going on, the reso-
lution was passed by the Senate, by which it is
asserted that a claim of #2,900,000 has been fas-
tened on the public Treasury. Now, I say that,
if that is a solemn award, it is such an award as
could only be made by the Senate of the United
States.
Mr. STEVENSON I have the authority of
both sides of the Senate of the United States for
what I say; and I will read it to the gentleman.
Mr. SHERMAN. No, sir; I can n:ad it my-
self.
Mr. PHELPS. On referring to the proceed-
ings of the Senate at the time this alleged award
was made, I find that the debate occupies a little
over a column of the Congressional Globe, and
that is all. I believe that only two gentlemen
participated in the debate: the chairman of the
Committee on Indian Affairs, and Mr. King, of
New York.
Mr. SHERMAN. What the gentleman from
Missouri says is correct. Under the treaty of
1855, certain questions were to be settled by the
Senate, and the Senate was to give ajust, fair, and
liberal consideration to those questions. Well,
after Congress had adjourned, at a called session
of the Senate, the chairman of the Committee on
Indian Affairs introduced a resolution in the na-
ture of an award. There was no debate upon it,
no consideration of it, nothing of the kind. The
resolution was passed; and upon the faith of that
award we are asked to appropriate between two
and three million dollars. Now, Mr. Speaker,
I think that that is not an award at all. It has
never been considered and never acted upon. It
has not the form and substance of an award, and
it ought not to receive the attention of this House
as an award fairly made and fairly considered.
Another objection to the amendment is, that its
terms are very improper, as any one who has
taken the pains to read it will have seen. The
last clause of the amendment proposes to submit
to the Senate another subject, and to authorize the
Senate to make a futuie awaid. Under the terms
of the amendmentupon which we are now called
upon to vote, the Senate may hereafter, by their
own vote, without consulting this House at all—
without even consulting the President of the Uni-
ted States—make an award, and call upon the
Treasury of the United States to pay over a mil-
lion dollars. Now, that is a radical objection to
the amendment; and it ought not to be adopted
for that reason. The Senate may hereafter look
into the balance, and appropriate, without asking
the House at all, another million dollars. That
is the effect of the amendment.
This is a claim growing out of the Yazoo lands,
in Mississippi. It is a claim which the Repre-
sentatives of Mississippi and Georgiahave always
denounced and opposed. Mr.Toombs,aSenator
from Georgia, and other Representatives from
Georgia and Mississippi, always contended that
the claim was unjust and unfounded. It grew up
in Mississippi, where they must know all about
it. Now, surely, this is not the time when we
ought tn pay doubtful debts against the State of
Mississippi, growing out of the purchase of lands
in the State of Mississippi. It seems to me that
that is a valid objection to the claim.
Mr. STEVENSON. The gentleman says Mr.
Toombs and others said so and so. Did not the
Finance Committee of the Senate, after full dis-
cussion, recommend the payment of this claim?
Mr. SHERMAN. I understand that they did
so recently, after the gentlemen who knew most
about the matter—the Senators from Georgia and
Mississippi, and those who lived in that neigh-
borhood—had withdrawn.
Mr. PHELPS. When this matter was before
the Senate last summer, when a proposition was
made by the Committee on Indian Affairs to ap-
propriate $2,900,000, a majority of the Senate
voted against appropriating that money; and then
a long debate took place upon the question, cov-
eiing several pages of the Congiessional Globe.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then, when the Senators
from the State where this claim originated were
present, it was voted down by the Senate itself,
and that, too, after this pretended award had been
made. Now, shall we, underthese circumstances,
appropriate nearly three million dollars out of the
national Treasury, to pay a claim which has al-
ways been disputed in the region of country where
it arOvse ? Still another reason is, that I think we
ought not to appropriate money till we know
whcie these Choctaws are going, whether they
belong to this Government or to the southern
confederacy. It seems to me that we ought not
to pass tins Choctaw claim, without discussingit
further. I move the previous question.
Mr. MAYNARD. I would like to ask a single
question. The gentleman from Ohio speaks of
the arguments against this amendment in the
Senate. Is he not aware that those arguments
were met, and that after the Senate had heard
both sides, they agreed to this amendment.
Mr. SHERMAN. Well, the House has heard
both sides, also.
The previous question was seconded, and the
mam question ordered.
Mr. MAYNARD demanded the yeas and nays
on the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 56, nays 104; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adrain, Avery, Bocock, Boteler, Brab-
son, Branch, Brings, Bristow,Blown,Burch. Burnett, Hor-
ace F. Clark. John B. Ciaik, John Cochrane, Convin, Cox,
Burton Croi^e, Do Jarnette, Etheridge, Ferry, Florence,
Fouke, Hale, Hamilton, J. Momson Harris, Hindman,
William Howard, Kunkel, Leake, Maclay. Mallory, Mans-
ion, Elbert S. Maitin, Maynard, McKeniv, Edwatd Joy
Morris, Nekon, Niblark, Noell, Pendleton, Peyton, Pryor,
Quartos, Riggs, Scott, William N. H. Smith, Stanton, Ste-
venson, Stout, Thomas. Vance., Webster, Whiteley,Wood-
ruff, Woodson and Wright—">6.
NAYS—Messrs. Aldnch, Aflev, William C.Anderson,
Ashley, Beale, Blair, Blake, Biajton, Buftinton, Burlmg-
ame, Butteifield, Campbell, Carey, Carter, Ca^e, Coburn,
Claik B Cochianc, Colfax, Conkimg, Conway, Covode,
James Ciaic, Curtis, II. Winter Daws, John G. Davis,
Dawes, Duel!, Dunn, Edgerton. Edward*, Eliot. Ely, Eng-
lish, Farrisworth, Fcnton, Foster, Frank, French, Gilmer,
Gooch, Graham, Grow. Gurley, John T. Hams, Ha>kin,
Hatton,.Helmick, Hoard, Holrnan, William A. Howard,
Hushes, Ilumphtcy, Hutchins, Itvme, Junkin, Ivenyon,
Kilgoic, Killinger, Larrabee, DeWitt C Leach. Lons?-
necker, Loom is. Lovejoy. McOleniand, Mclvean. McPhei-
^on, Monttiomeiy, Labau f. Mooie.Morull. Isaac N. Mor-
n>, Olin, Palmer, Pettit, Phelps, Pouie, Edwin It. Rey-
nold*, John n. Reynold-, Clmstopher Robinson, James C.
Robinson, Sedgwick, Sheiman, Somes, Spaiildmg. Spin-
nei, Stevens, William Stewau, Stokes, Stratum, Tappan,
Thayer, Theaker, Tompkins, Train, Trimble, Vandever,
Van Wyck, Verree, Wade, Waldron, Walton, EHifau B.
Washbume, Wells, Wilson, and Windom—104.
So the amendment was non-concurred in.
Twentieth amendment:
For payment to the orphans and their heirs, provided for
in the first article of the treaty of 1832, with the Creek In-
dians, and to be in lieu of the investment of #200,000 re-
quired to be made by the sixth article of the treaty of 1856,
with the same Indians; the general council of the Creeks
representing both the nation and the orphans, having pro-
posed and agreed to substitute the present invested fund of
said orphans, arising from the sate of their lands under the
treaty of1832, tor and in place of the investment of $200,000
for purposes of education, required by the sixth article of
the treaty of 1856, and thatsaidamountshall be paid to said
orphans and their heirs, which arrangement has been sanc-
tioned and approved by the Department of'the Interior;
payment to be made to said orphans and their heirs under
such regulations or instructions as the Secretary of the In-
terioi shall prescribe, $-200,000: Provided, That the amount
herein provided for shall be expended within the present
fiscal year.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in:
Twenty-first amendment:
Sec. 2. Jlnd be it further enacted, That there be paid to
the United States agent for the Witchetasand other Indians
m the countiy leased by the Choctaws to the United States,
the annual salary of §1.500, from the date of the commis-
sion of the present incumbent.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Twenty-second amendment:
Sec. 3. Jlnd be it further enacted, That for the relief of
destitute Indians, and with the view of preventing suffer-
ing and starvation amongthe Indian tribes who have failed
in raising crop? fiom the drought of last summer, there be
appropriated the sum of $50,000: +$nd provided, That the
amountshall be expended, if necessary, within the present
fiscal year.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Mr. SHERMAN moved to reconsider the votes
by which the several amendments were concurred
in or non-concurred in; and also moved to lay the
motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that a committee of
conference be appointed on the partof this House,
and invited on the part of the Senate, on the dis-
agreeing votes to this bill.
The motion was agreed to; and Messrs.
Piielps, Etheridge, and Graham, were ap-
pointed conferees on the part of the House.
CALIFORNIA WAR DEBT.
Mr. SHERMAN. I promised to call up the
bill in relation to the California war debt for the
purpose of agreeing to an amendment.
There being no objection, the bill was taken
up, and the following amendment was concurred
in:
Section one, at the end of thereof, add the following:
And the Secretary of the Treasury, when the said ex-
penses of the State of California shall have been auditeci
and allowed, shall be, and he hereby is, authorized to pay
the ?ame in bonds of the United States authorised to be
issued by the act of February 8, 1861.
Mr. BURCH moved to reconsider the vote by
which the amendment was concurred in; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the *
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
AGRICULTURAL PATENT OFFICE RETORT.
Mr. GURLEY, from the Gommittee on Print-
ing, reported the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That there be punted for the use of members
of the House of Representatives, two hundred thousand
extra copics of the agricultural Patent Office report for 1860.
and fifteen thousand extra copies for oflieia! distribution
by the Depaitmentof the Interior: Provided, That said re-
port shall be printed m brevier type, and be comprised
within four hundred and eighty pages, octavo.
Mr. GURLEY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was agreed to; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on tl\e
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MECHANICAL PATENT OFFICE REPORT.
Mr. GURLEY also, from the same committee,
reported thefolknvingresolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That there be printed, in addition to the usual
