1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
gsi
affairs and the Federal jurisdiction within the
State, would be to set aside the State government
by force, and to reduce it to a territorial condition;
and then what would be the result? You first
coerce a State because it secedes from thirty-two
other members of this Confederacy; and you turn
around and secede yourselves from it by reducing
it from the condition of a State to the position of
a Territory! w
But, Mr. President, I sstythat if coercion were
right, it is impossible. I say that no man can
doubt that if it be attempted against one of the
seceding States, all the slaveholding States will
rally to the aid of their sister; and the idea that
you can coerce eight, or ten, or fourteen, or fif-
teen of the States of tills Confederacy when stand-
ing in a solid body, is preposterous. I acknowl-
edge that you may make a civil war which will
produce immense disasters in both sections of the
country; I'acltnowledge that you can inflict im-
measurable evils and great calamities upon both
the contending sections; butas to supposing that
either one could subdue the other so as to place
it under its yoke, and impose its laws upon it, 1
do not entertain the idea for an instant.
Why, sir, how would this war of coercion be
waged? It would take $100,000,000 yearly, for
you cannot wage it with less than a hundred thou-
sand men; and where would you get this sum ?
Not from imports; for what would the imports of
the northern portion of the Confederacy bo when
you took from them all that conies in return for
the exports of the South? You would have to
sustain the war by loans and direct taxation; and
is it to be supposed that the people would bear
such burdens m such a cause as that? I believe
they might submit to any just and necessary tax-
ation in the defense of their own legal and neces-
sary rights; but would they submit to such a
scheme of taxation for the purpose of enforcing
their yoke upon other people—for the purpose of
depriving those other people of the right of self-
government? Whose would be the commerce
that would bo preyed upon ? Not the southern
commerce. That would go in foreign bottoms.
The commerce to be preyed upon by privateers
would be the commerce of the other section of
the Confederacy. If it came to a question of
plunder, which of the sections would afford the
greatest temptation to plunder? Where are the
cities, villages, the concentrated wealth of a com-
munity to be found in the greatest number and
quantity? Those are the objects which tempt the
cupidity of a soldiery. You could not steal our
negroes. Your own people would not allow you
to take them and set them free among them, to
enter into competition with them for labor and for
wages. How would you carry on such a war,
sir? Where would you find the means? You
would not continue the attempt formore than six
months before you would find it impossible,and
you would abandon it.
I say, therefore, that it is not possible, by any
such means, to coerce the southern people into
submission. I know there is a talk of attaining
all the valuable purposes of a Union, by a simple
blockade of the coast; that is, by a blockade which
should collect the customs and do nothing more.
Where would the ships come from to blockade
the whole southern coast? And how could they
effect their purpose under this Constitution, un-
less, indeed, they intend to violate it? Where
would be their judges, their inspectors, their ap-
praisers, their collectors? Where would they
exercise their functions? On shipboard? That
would be impossible. Would you transfer the
cargo of the ship to another port of a collection
district in another State, which had not seceded ?
Why, sir, the cargo would not be wanted there.
How in regard to the commerce of the South dur-
ing that period ? You can lay no duty upon ex-
ports. They would forbid their people, under
penalties, to send their commodities by any but
foreign bottoms; they might forbid the people, by
penalties, from consuming any goods which they
did not manufacture themselves, or import from
abroad; and thus you would lose your most val-
uable customers in the carrying tiadc, and the
most profitable consumers of your manufactures.
And what would you get in return? Would
the customs that you thus collected pay the ex-
penses of the blockade? Would they pay half
the expenses oftlie blockade? It is manifest they
would not. The blockade, to be effectual, would
have to be a blockade of war, in which you pre-
vented vessels from going either out or in; and is
it to be supposed that foreign nations would allow
this? Is it to be presumed that Great Britain,
which has millions of human beings whose very
existence depends upon cotton, that the great in-
terests of civilization, would allow this grand ma-
terial of human industry to be thus shut up and
denied to them ? Why, sir, it is not to be supposed
for a moment. There are other Powers which
would prevent such a blockade, in addition to
the resistance which might be expected from the
section that it was attempted thus to coerce.
I say, then, Mr. President, that it is idle to
think of coercion. You may, if you choose, if
such be your feeling, inflict evils by waging civil
war; but will you inflict more on others than you
will receive in return? Will you be benefited by
the operation when you come to sum up its re-
sults and effects? I think not. But suppose you
could succeed—I put the question to you now—
suppose you had succeeded according to your
utmost wishes; suppose you had conquered the
South; thatyouhad subjugated the entire section;
that you had reduced those States to the condition
of dependent provinces: how then would you ex-
ercise your power? Would you apply your doc-
trine, that there can be no property in slaves' In
that community of eight or nine million white men
and four million slaves, would you turn them
loose together, and set the slaves free? AVould
you repeat the experiment of the British West
Indies—of the Island of Jamaica? Would your
people stand by and see the cultivated fields re-
turn to the bush, the white man being gradually
reduced to the level of the negro, and the negro
remitted and restored to his primitive condition
of barbarism? Would the great interests of civ-
ilization and humanity permit such a result?
Would your own interests, your manufacturers,
your shipowners, agree to it? Sir, it is not to
be supposed that such a thing would be permitted;
and what then would be the result? You would
have to maintain the social system; you would
have to recognize piopertyin slaves; and what
would follow from that? If you recognize prop-
erty m slaves, you must cause fugitive slaves to
be restored. If you recognize a property that is
under the jurisdiction of your Government, you
must protect itrand if you do protect it, you
must punish persons who attempt to make raids
upon it, and to incite servile insurrections. And,
sirs, if you once commit yourselves to the duty
of protecting it throughout all these conquered
States, you would find that it followed, as a ne-
cessary consequence, that you must protect it
wherever you had the exclusive jurisdiction.
What, then, would become of your dogma of ex-
cluding it from the Territories ? What would be
the effect of such an experiment? You pen them
up until there comes to be a surplus population in
the old States; you pen up the negroes, and say
the negro shall not move, but the white man may.
Whatsis the effect of that ? The white man does
move when the wages of labor arc low; the negro
remains and gains the preponderance in popula-
tion until you give him the best part of the conti-
nent, and remove the white man to the worst.
Could such an absurdity as this be tolerated, Mr.
President? No, sir; not for a moment.
Then, if you would be forced to accede to all
these things, if you succeeded according to your
wishes, and conquered and subdued us, after a
bloody and harassing civil war, why not do it
beforehand, when it would save the Union ? Why
notdo it now, when it would avert all these calam-
ities? Why notavailyourself of the present oppor-
tunity, when you may do so without the dreadful
inconsistency which will be charged upon you,
when you may be forced to do these very things
after you have carried on this cruel and harass-
ing and distressing system of civil war ?
I say, then, Mr. President, thatit is impossible
to coerce the southern States, if you were to at-
tempt to do so. If you had the constitutional
right to do so, it would be impossible. Why
creatc a civil war wantonly, without purpose,
without use or benefit to any one? If this be so,
why not adopt the proposition in my resolution
—why not cede back the forts to those States that
claim to have seceded, and to have withdrawn
from this Confederacy? What do you want with
them ? What do you want with the forts in the
harbor of Charleston ? If you do not mean to
coerce South Carolina, they are of no use to ytm;
if you do mean to coerce her, you ought not W
have them. The whole thing lies in a nutshell;
because, if you do mean to use them for the pur-
pose of coercion, you light up the flames of civil
war, and there is no telling when those flames
will be extinguished; if you_ do attempt to use
them for the purpose of coercion, you destroy the
chances of the construction of another Union,
which I still hope and trust may take place, ana
which may prove to us a more permanent bond
of alliance and fraternity than that one which is
passing away from us.
I say, too, sir, that you have no right, when
you come to weigh the question of right, to hold
on to these forts. You could not have obtained
them without the consent of the Legislature of
the State; that is the provision of the Constitu-
tion . Upon what consideration was that consent
given? Notforpecuniary considerations. It was
given upon the consideration that they were to bo
used for the defense of the State. Now, sir, you
keep them when they can no longer be used for
the defense of the State, but are proposed to be
used for offensive purposes against her. The
consideration, therefore,in my opinion, has failed;
and in justice and equity, you ought to restore
them.
But, Mr. President, if there were no moral ob-
ligation upon you to do so, I maintain that con-
siderations of policy ought to prompt you to do
it. In no other way can you prevent the com-
mencement of civil war. They say they have
seceded; they say they are out of this Union.
I believe myself that they are. You maintain a
different opinion; but certain it is, that while you
might give them up without inconsistency, so far
as your opinions arc concerned, they could not
yield them without absolute inconsistency, so far
as their pretensions are to be considered. If they
are an independent people, they have a right to
these forts. If they are an independent people,
they are bound to take them, if they have the
power to do so, when they believe they are in
the possession of a foreign Power. But how is
it with you ? What inconsistency do you mani-
fest, provided it be policy to do so, when you
withdraw from them? You do not admit the
doctrine of secession. In the form in which the
resolution is proposed, you are not called upon
to admit it. You may support the resolution
upon the ground of policy; for,under the resolu-
tion, a State which did not intend to secede might
apply for a retrocession of the forts, and the retro-
cession might be given in some cases from mo-
tives of policy,ana without the least violation ot
the Constitution. Suppose the city of New York
had said to us, at a time when the public defenses
were going up at a rate which did not satisfy her,
because they were too slow, " retrocedc to us the
jurisdiction; it isessential to us to have the forts;
we will construct them rapidly; pass a law al-
lowing us to maintain troops, and we will man
them pnd keep them." It is obvious that there
might be circumstances under which it woutu be
politic for New York to make such a demand,
and there might be circumstances under which it
would be just and proper to grant it. I say,
therefore, you do nothing inconsistent with your
opinions against secession, when you agree to
return these forts; and there is nothing impolitic
in such a concession, unless you desire to use
them for purposes of coercion.
Mr. President, I maintain that every consider-
ation of policy should induce us o emovc that
bone of contention, that cause of strife between
us; and I am especially anxious for it, because I
believe that if we have civi war, we lose all hopes
of reconstructing this Union. I desire myself
to see it reconstructed on principles of fairness,
equality, and justice, between the sections. J
believe that if a drop of blood is once shed, if you
do not destroy the chances of it, you postpone it
to a very distant day; and for one, I do not desire
to see this. I presume that we shall soon see
nearly all the southern States out of the Union.
I think it probable that they will unite first and
form a union of the South for the sake of the
South; and having done so, I hope and (rust and
believe that they will call a southern convention
for the purpose of proposing a reaccommodation
and readjustment on proper terms; and if the non-
slaveholding States at the same time shall assem-
ble in convention and exchange propositions, I
