1292
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
number of the mechanical part of the Patent Office report
for 1880, ten thousand copies for the use of the Patent office,
and thirty thousand copies for the use of the members of
the House.
Mr. GURLEY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was agreed to; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
tabie.
The latter motion was agreed to
SMITHSONIAN INSTITUTION REPORT.
Mr. GURLEY also, from the same committee,
reported i he fol lo w i ng resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That there be printed five thousand extra cop-
ies ot the rcportof the Smithsonian Institution for the year
i860—three thousand for the use of members of the House,
and two thousand for the use of said institution.
Mr. GURLEY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was agreed to; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PUBLIC PHINTING.
Mr. GURLEY. I ask that Senate bill No. 46,
supplementary to the joint resolution in relation
to the public printing, be taken up and referred to
the Committee on Printing.
It was so ordered.
OREGON AND WASHINGTON WAR DEBT.
Mr. STANTON, from the committee of con-
ference on the part of the House on the disagree-
ing votes of the two Houses on the bill (H. R.
No. 11) to provide for the payment of the expenses
incurred by the Territories of Oregon and Wash-
ington in the suppression of Indian hostilities in
the years 1855 and 1856, reported that the com-
mittee had agreed to recommend to their re-
spective Houses as follows:
That the Senate ngice to the House amendment, with
the following amendments:
1. Strike out of the thiitPenth line, in section one, the
words u two hundred and fifty," and insert in lieu theioof
the words " four hundredso that it will read, ^ $2,400,-
000."
9. Stukc out the second proviso to the fir<t section, and
insoit iri lieu tlieicof the toll owing: u Prowled, That said
Auditoi i>i\ and he iuneby if, authoii/.cd anddiroctcd toro-
ccive additional evidence as to the amount orvalueot sup-
plies, transportation, and personal services, and to correct
errots in hi< fonrierrepoittouehlrij* the same ; and in cas-es
whore kupplior* were itirin-'hod at points in either of said
Ten itones when - Mtnihn Mipphe* were not furnished to the
regular Army, din iii,ir tin ho-tibties toi which the volttti
teei,* tvui: unrated, he shall allow l'oi Mich supplier the
pi ice-. paid fm similar supplies to the tegular Army at the
mo^t convenient point where any supplies wore furnished
dut tug said time, adding theieto the cost ot transportation
to tlu! point when; sueli ^applies were furnished to said
volunteers."
'J, Strike otttofseeUon four all after the enacting clause,
and liibett; 45 That foi th'  p.mnont of the claim* piovided
for in this act, the Seen-taiy theTiea^uiy may, if he deem
it expedient, i<?ue to tiie claimants, ortheir legal represent-
ative^, bonds ol the United States, of denominations of not
less than fifty dollars, redeemable in twenty year*, and
bearing interest at the rate of mx percent, per annum, with
coupons attached, and payable annually or semi-annually,
at the discretion of the >S -c;ieiary ol the Treasuiy.
* The question being on the adoption of the re-
pott,
Mr. BARll called for the yeas and nay3
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The repott was adopted.
Mr. STANTON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the report way adopted; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to
ABSTRACTED BONDS.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I am instructed by
the select committee, to whom was refeircd the
subject of the bojads abstracted from the Interior
Department, to report a joint resolution as a sub-
stitute for the resolution reported by the gentle-
man from Missouri, [Mr. Craig.] They believe
that the interests of the Government will be pro-
moted by its passage.
There being no objection, a joint resolution,
making provision for the recovery of certain bonds
belonging to the Indian trust fund, and for other
purposes, was lead a first and second time.
It appoints three commissioners on the part of
the United States to make a full and equitable set-
tlement and adjustment of all claims and accounts
against the United States, hold by William H.
Russell, of the State of Missouri, or any business
firm or company engaged in the service of the
United States with which he is, or had been, con-
nected; said commissioners to have power to send
for persons and papers, and to compel the attend-
ance of witnesses, and to sit at such place as may
best subserve the objects of their appointment.
Any sum or balance ascertained to be due to Rus-
sell, is to be held by the proper Department, sub-
ject to the order of "the Secretary of the Interior,
who is directed to receive and apply the same to
the purchase and restoration to the Department of
the Interior of State stocks of the same character
and class as those received by Russell from God-
ard Bailey; provided that the expenses of the com-
mission are to be paid by Russell, and are, in
no case, to be a charge on the Government; pro-
vided further, that before the award is rendered,
Russell shall furnish means to the Secretary of
the Interior wherewith to purchase one hundred
bonds of the character and description aforesaid;
and provided further, that if Russell shall fail or
refuse to furnish such means, the award of the
commissioners is to be void and of no effect; oth-
erwise to be final and conclusive.
Mr. PHELPS. I propose to fill the blank
with the following names: George E. Pugh of
Ohio, J. Morrison" Harris of Maryland, and
Charles Case of Indiana. Two of these gen-
tlemen are members of the select committee.
Mr. CONKLING. I rise not for the purpose
of interposing the single objection which I sup-
pose would defeat the consideration of this joint
resolution; but merely for the purpose of saying
that, as a member of this select committee, 1 dis-
sent from the report which rccognized the passage
of this or any other similar resolution by this
House.
Mr. SHERMAN. If thisdebate is to go on, I
must interpose my objection to the introduction
of the resolution.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I do not want to
debate; but I desire merely to state that four mem-
bers of the select committee concurred in this res-
olution; and if the House will indulge me a single
moment, I will point out the difference between
this resolution and the one introduced by the gen-
tleman from Missouri, and referred to our com-
mittee. And as I desire to move the previous
question, and believe that if the House is satisfied,
as they will be if they understand it, that its ef-
fect will be to secure for the Government tin1 resto-
ration of these bonds to the amount of $100,000,
while if it is not passed, m all probability noth-
ing will be secured, there will be no objection to
it, I wish just to make this statement.
Several Mkmbeks • Move the previous question.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. Very well, sir. I
will then simply remark, that it seems to me that
the resolution is evidently just and proper, and
very much for the interest "of the United States
that it shall be adopted. I move the previous
question.
Mr. STANTON. I desire to ask a question
of the gentleman for information. I understand,
from the reading of the joint resolution, that these
commissioners to be appointed aie to receive no
pay from the Government. Now, what I want
to know is, whether they are to receive no pay at
all for the labors imposed upon them, or whether
they are to lie paid by the party from whom the
bonds are to be reclaimed?
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. The commissioners
are to be paid by Mr. Russell, out of his own
pocket.
Mr. STANTON. Then all I have to say is,
that I do not want commissioners who are to de-
cide upon the interests of this Government, and
who aie paid by the ad verse party. If there are
to be such commissionersappointcd, I want them
to be paid by the Government.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. In reply to the remark
of the gentleman from Ohio, I have this to say: 1
believe the parties selected, on motion of the gen-
tleman from Missouri, [Mr. Phelps,] to be the
commissioners, provided for under this resolution,
are men who are above suspicion—men who will
discharge thoirduty faithfully and honestly to the
Government. Two of the gentlemen named hav-
ing served on this committee, and bem^ familiar
with all this transaction, are, it seems to me, very
propel ly selected to constitute a part of the com-
mission. I will say that the resolution introduced
by the gentleman from Missouri, provided only
that Mr. Russell should draw the money from the
Treasury to buy the bonds with; there was no
obligation, on his part, to furnish any additional
amount. This resolution is essentially different
in its provisions. It provides that Mr. Russell
shall furnish bonds to the amount of §100,000,
*and that the money shall remain subject to the
order of the Secretary of the Interior, instead of
Mr. Russell's order. It differs, also, materially,
in other respects. I am satisfied that, if the House
understands the resolution, there can be be no ob-
jection to it; and I move the previous question.
Mr. STANTON. I move to lay the resolution
on the table.
Mr. SHERMAN. I understand that a single
objection will defeat the introduction of the reso-
lution; and I therefore object.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. It has already been
received; and I have demanded the previous ques-,
tion upon it.
Mr. SHERMAN. It was only read for in-
formation.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the objec-
tion comes too late. The resolution has been
twice read, and a motion made to lay it on the
tabie. The question is on that motion.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I say to the House,
that if they lay the resolution on the table, it will
involve the loss of §100,000 in bonds. I speak
knowingly upon the subject, for I have investi-
gated it. Now, sir, if the gentleman from Ohio
has any objection to the commissioners being
paid by Mr. Russell, I am willing to modify the
resolution; and I suppose there will be no objec-
tion, so as to provide for their payment by the
Government.
Mr.STANTON. 1 want to say, uponthatsub-
ject, that I have as much confidence m these gen-
tlemen as in any other gentlemen in this House,
or out of it; but I object to any parties employed
by the Government, to decide in reference to the
interests of the Government, being paid by the
adverse party.
Mr. CONKLING obtained the floor.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. I rise to a privi-
leged question.
Mr. CONKLING. I do not suppose that the
floor can be taken from me in that way.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. I do not desire
to interfere with the rights of my friend from
New York, but this is a matter on which I think
I have the right to be heard. I will not take the
floor from the gentleman, however.
Mr. CONKLING. If my friend from Mary-
land does not desire the floor, I will make this in-
quiry—and,mdoing it, I wish toassuremy friend
from Illinois and the House that my objection to
the resolution does not arise in respcct to the gen-
tlemen selected to constitute this commission; be-
cause, if I may he pernnted to say so much, no
better men could have been selected from any
quiuter upon any terms: I desire to ask the Chair
whether a single objection would not prevent the
consideration of this resolution ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that the
resolution has been received, and is properly be-
fore the House*
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I desire to say
further, that the object of this commission is not
to deprive the Government of any right it may-
have to prosecute its claims against Mr. Russell.
I trust the gentleman from Ohio will withdraw his
motion to hiy upon the table.
Mr. STANTON. Very well. I will withdraw
the motion to lay upon the table.
The resolution was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was ac-
cordingly read the third time. %
Mr. PHELPS. I demand the previous ques-
tion upon the passage of the resolution.
Mr. JENKINS. 1 desire to inquire, for in-
formation, before I vote, whether the resolution,
as it now stands, provides for allowing Mr. Rus-
sell to pay these commissioners.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I propose so to
modify the resolution, if there be no objection.
Several Members objected.
Mr. RARR. I move to lay the whole subject
upon the table.
The motion was disagreed to.
^ The previous was seconded, and the main ques-
tion ordeicd to be put.
Mr. LOVEJOY called for the yeas and nays on
the passage of the resolution.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I again appeal to
the House to allow the resolution to be so mod-
