1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE;
1298
ified as to permit these commissioners to be paid
by the Government.
Mr. BARR. I object.
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire to read this reso-
lution before 1 vote upon it. I hope, therefore,
it will be allowed to go over until to-morrow, and
that the House will go into committee, and dis-
pose of the Indian appropriation bill.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I wish to inquire
whether, if this resolution goes over to-day, it
will come up as unfinished business in the morn-
ing.' 1 am satisfied that the House does not un-
derstand it; and 1 would prefer 1 hat it go over,
and be published in the Globe, so that members
will understand it.
The SPEAKER. The'main question has been
ordered; and the Chair decides that the vote must
be taken.
The question was taken; and it was decided m
the negative—yeas 19, nays 134", as follows:
YEAS— IImk. Aldneh, William C. And. i-on. 13,met,
Cox, Dunn, Foulie. Haiton, Kunkel, Loam, JIayiiaid,
Isaac N. Morns, Nels-on, Niblack, Pendleton, Phelps,
Skklo, Thomas, Webstei, and Woodson—10.
NAYS—Messrs Charles V. Ad,mis Adiam, Alloy, Asli-
ley, Babbitt, Iiarr. Be.de, l!ingliatn, Elan, Make, Boulisnv,
Brabson, Branch, Bra) ton, liriggs, Biistow, Brown, Bui-
fintoij, Burnham, Jju'tteitjeld, C'aiey, Caitei, Hoiaee I1. i
Chnk, Clemens, Cuhuin, John Oooliiane, Coli'.ii, Colliding,
Conway, Convin, Covode, Cuitis, John G. Davis. D.uve..,
Delano, Duel!, Edgeiton, Edwards, Eliot, Ely, Kielisli,
Etheridge, Fenton, Ferry, Florence, Fo^tci, Fianli, Gar-
nett,Go'oell, Graham, (iurley, Hale. Hall. Hamilton. John
T. Harris, Hickman, Ilindtnan, Hoard, Holnian, William
Howard, William A. llowaid, Hughes, Iluinplney, Hutch-
ins, Irvine, Jenkins, Jnnkm. Ken; on, Killnigei, Larrabee,
DeWitt C. Leach, James M. Leach, Leake, Longneckei,
Looinis, Lovcjoyl Maciay, Maiston, (Jinnies D. Maitm,
McUlernand, MeKenn, MeKenty, McKnight, Mi:rim-on,
Millson, Moorhead, Monill, Nixon, Olin. l'almei, Peyton,
Porter. Potter. Pottle, Prvor, dn.irles. Edwin U. Bet noid- ,
John H. Reynolds, Rice, Itlggs, Cbnstophel Koblli-on,
Jainei C. Robinson, ltuflin. Rust, Sedgwick, Slieinian,
William N. H. Smith. Spauldmg, Spinner, Stanton. Ste-
vens, Stevenson, James A. Stewart, William Stewait,
Stokes, T;ll>pan,Tbny<'i , Tompkins, Ti am,Trimble, Vain. e,
Van Wvelt,Wade,Waldion,Walton, Cauwaladei C. VVa-.li-
burn, Eilihu IS.VVasliburne, Weils,Wilson, Windom,Wins-
low, Woodrufl', and Wright— I'M.
So the joint resolution was rejected.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. CLARK, of New York, said: Seeing no
reason for withdrawing this claimant from the
ordinary procedures of the courts of justice, I
vote "no."
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois, said: Mr. Speaker,
as I am satisflfed that the House does not under-
stand the pending proposition, I propose to with-
draw it until another and more favorable oppor-
tunity.
Mr. BINGHAM. I object.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois, subsequently stated
that he was advised that the gentleman who had
objected to his withdrawing his proposition would j
not continue the objection; and he therefore again
asked to withdraw his proposition.
Mr. C0NKL1NG and Mr. RUST renewed the
objection.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that, by unanimous
consent, the reading of the names be dispensed
with. . .
There was 110 objection; and it was ordered
accordingly.
The vote was announced as above recorded.
Mr. RUST moved to reconsider the vote just
taken; and also moved that the motion to recon-
sider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PRESIDENT AND VICE PRESIDENT ELECT.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope that
the gentleman from Ohio will give way to me for
a moment?
Mr. BARR. 1 object, unless he yields to me,
also.
Mr. SHERMAN. I must submit my motion,
tliat the rules be suspended, and the House re-
solve itself into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I rise to a
question of high privilege. The committee ap-
pointed to wait upon the President and Vice Pn-s-
identelect, and inform themof their election, have
discharged that duty, and directed me to submit
a report.
Mr. Lincoln said, in reply to the committee,
when notified of his election to tile office ot Pies-
ident of the United States for the next four years,
as follows:
"Gentlemen: With deep gratitude to my countrymen
for this mark oftheir confidence, with a distrust of my own
ability to pert'oim the requneil duty under the most favor-
able circumstances, now rendered doubly difficult by exist-
in" national perils, yet with a fiun-ielianee oil ihe strength
oi'our fiee Government and the nltnnateloyalty of the peo-
ple to the just pnncipies upon which it is founded, and,
above all, an unshaken laitli m the Supreme Ruler of na-
tions, I accept tin- trust. Be pleased to signify myaccept-
ance to the respective Houses ot Congress."
• Mr. Hamlin, the Vice President elect, in re-
sponse to the committee, said:
" Genti-ebien- You will please communicate to the re-
spective Uouses of Congress my acceptance of the trust
confided tome by ageneious people. And while it is a po-
sition which i neither sought nor desired, I am truly grate-
ful t'oi the confidence lcpo'sed in me, and,"iieeply sensible
ot the obligations u imposes, it shall be my eainest ciiort
to di-charge iny duty in tll.it mannei which sli.Ul subserve
the inteicsts of the whole eountij."
SPECIAL COMMITTEE OF FIVE.
Mr. HOWARD, of Michigan, from the special
committee of five, submitted a majority report.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I want it under-
stood that the mmoiity of the committee shall
have leave to submit a minority report. The great
press of business at this late stage of the session
will not enable tlieni to present it at this time. I
tiust that the House will give permission to the
minority to file its report even after the session has
closed, if it cannot be sooner prepared.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection,
that permission will be granted.
Mr. HOWARD, of Michigan. I do not object
to the minority of the committee submitting a re-
port during the existence of the session. I think
that to that extent they ought to be granted the
privilege of putting in theirreport. But, sir, after
this Congress has expiied, we cannot order that
they shall submit, or that the clerks and reporters
shall receive, aminoiity report.
Mr. BRANCH. Mr. Speaker,. I totally and
enuiely dissent from thu report just presented by
the committee. I desire an oppoitumty of pre-
senting my views in wilting, if 1 shall have the
pnvilege of doing so.
Mr. HOWARD, of Michigan. Nobody will
object to that, if it be done before the expiration
of Congress.
Mr. BRANCH. I do not know whether the
point made by the gentleman from Michigan is
well taken or not, that the minority report, if sub-
mitted, it must be done during the session or not
at all; but, sir, it is obvious that to require the
minority of the committee to answer an elaborate
and voluminous leport of fifty or sixty pages of
manuscript between now and Monday next, while
this House is sitting nine to twelve hours every
day, is equivalent to denying us the privilege.
And I now enter my dissent, in toto ctelo, to the
lepoit of the majority.
Mr. HOWARD, of Michigan. I move that the
report be ordered to be printed in the Globe; and
also that the papers and evidence accompanying
it be laid upon the table,and ordered to be printed.
The question was taken; and it was ordered
accordingly.
The report is as follows:
The select committee ot' five, appointed on the 9th of
Jantiaiv, to whom ha> been leleued two special messages
of the President, and sundry other papei sat diU'erent tunes,
respectful!!' lepoit that the} have diligently considered the
se\eral matteis lefeired to them bj the House, and. undci
the aulhoutycoiiteiicd to repoit •• tioni time to time,-' have
hcietolme submitted live special repoits, upon the loilow-
mg snbiccts, to wit:
1. The piotection of the public piopci ty, accompanied by
a b.ll to piovidetoi calling ioith the militia, and accept the
seiviees of vuluntceis in eeitaiu e.i.e--.
2. The collection or the revenue, with a bill.
3. On the subject of a secret hostile organisation or con-
spiracy to seize the capital, &c. _
4. The position of tiic ships, resignations of naval ofn-
ccis, S.c. ,
5 On the subject of treating with persons who claim to
have secedid and es.taW.shed independent governments
within the bounds of the United States.
It now remains to consider hncfly the remaining subjects
intrusted to your committee. The committee have been
in session lieailv e\eiydav smee tley v>ere appointed.
Among the gieat"variet\ of siihieets belore them,they have
dili"eirtly eon.ideied a laige numbei of petitions and me-
morial* on the subject ot conciliation and couipiouu«c, and,
I while ll.ev eam.-stly desiie that peace anil h.umony may
i be lestoied to oui detracted eounti.v, on tile ba.lsot justice
i etui equautv to all .eetions. with a lull lecogmtion ot all
'' eoii.taut!o,u! ilent- and obligation., \et, in view of the
i laet that iheic aie .o m.inj and so well-considered prop-
: osltions already li'-loic the Ilou.e, they have d-eined it in-
i expedient to make any ie<. oiuiuendauons on the subject,
! and they import bacU ail papu.- legating to the same.
I Under the instruction* ot the Hmi-e, ihe committee were
i to make inquiry and repoit as to the suzuie ot certain torts
I and aisenals, levenue cutter, and other property ol the
United States. The rapid development of acts of lawless
violence in a portion of the Confederacy; the notoriety and
undisputed character of the facts have, perhaps, rendered
exact and official inquiry Jess important than could have
been anticipated on these subjects. AH the information the
committee deemed necessary has been obtained in the form
of communications from the Executive Departmentsof the
Government, and is herewith communicated. But in proT
portion as the necessity of proof of their existence has di-
minished, the consideration of their magnitude and import-
ance lias been rendered difficult and moie imperative. The
state of tilings, whether we call it {secession, rebellion, or
revolution, considered in its magnitude and character, pre-
sents questions unsurpassed in importance by any over
piesented to this or any other Government. It becomes a
question of existence to the Government, and involves not
only the happiness of the thirty-one million of our own
present population, but of more than ten times that number
of their unborn descendants, and the hopes ot the friends of
free government throughout the world, it is time for ihe
American Cong! ess to consider what the civilizationof the
world, tiie hopes of mankind, and the spirit of the fathers
hovering over us, expect u.s to do.
One of the most remarkable things ever developed in the
history of any countiy is the steadiness, uniformity, and
power of the ratio of the increase oi'our population. For
seventy years it ha* scarcely changed, and is as strong to-
day, on a basis ot thirty million, as it was when we had hut
live million of inhabitants. It doubles our population once
in twenty-five years. Could weconceive it possible for this
same ratio to continue for "twice seventy years more, the
year A. D.2000 would find within our bounds sixteen hun-
dred million of people. The question as to what shall be the
condition of this* vast multitude, and whether the spirit of
anaichy, lawlessness, and violence on the one hand, or of
oppiession and tjianny on the other, shall pievent, under
the inevitable Jaws of population, then exigence at all,
and turn this heiitage into a baircn waste, may well lead us
to pause and con&idei, and when we have discovered our
duty, apply ourselves to its disehaige with unceasing fidel-
ity and with unflinching firmness. Hitherto our progress ia
without a paiallel. And whatever maj be the tate of the
Republic ; if itidiall ciumble into dust by the folly and mad-
ness of the houi, not only unchecked, but permuted, and
even aided, by the lashne^s on the one hand, or imbecility
on the othei, of those who exercise biief authority in its
diHeient departments, the memorials ot its gieatness and
beneficences, it^ glory and icnovvn, ot the hopes and fears
that have hitheito clu&teied aiound it, and the disinter-
ested patuotism and the sterling virtues of its founders
are at least frccute. So much is safe. Their genial influ-
ence will ever continue to he felt, and bless our lace till
time shall end. '
What, then, is secession ? This question foiees itself
uponoui attention at every step. Either m it.s legal or con-
stitutional aspect, or m its levoluuonaiy character, or m
the feailul consequences ot its unchecKed piogress, it meets
us at eveiy step ; it shapes all policy ; il imposes, new and
imperative duties; and, ^ince it threatens the existence of
the Government itself, its treatment should command the
wisdom and patuotism of the nation. Self-preservation ia
the flx t law ot a nation. The power to detend it.s imple-
ments of self-preseivation is one of the clearest ot all its
powers. We cannot conceive of a nation without the
power to build and defend forts, and all implements of war,
within its own jurisdiction. And yet secession claims to
have seized, within sixty days, fourteen forts, costing
$5.580,808, and mounting eleven hundred and twenty-four
gun«. These fort1* aie not only held against the United
States, but two others aie closely besieged, and assault is
evuiy day thieatened. The arsenals, the arms, the revenue
cutters, the custom-houses, the post oihees, the mints, the
money, and even the hospitals of the United States, are
seized and held with impunity. The opeiauons of commerce
are impeded. Seven States claim to have released them-
selves trom all constitutional obligation ; 10 have disrupted
the Government, and fotmed a new and independent con-
federacy m the bounds of the United Stales, all 111 the name
ot secession ; and jet we ate told secession is not only a
peaceful hut constitutional remedy, a* if the Constitution
had piovtded for its own destruction by an iueon*ideiabIe
fraction of the power that made it.
To show the utter baselessness of this claim as a consti-
tutional lemedy, it is only neces-aiy to consider that the
ordinance of secession in any one of the States can by no
po-sibilitv rise higher, as a soveieigu actot Ihe suue,than
a State constitution adopted by an organic convention it
wc concede all possible icgulantj and formality in the con-
vention, and the fullest sanction of the people ol ihe State to
the ordinance of secession, it is still no higher than the or-
ganic law of the State; ju^t high enough, in fact, to he sub-
ordinate to the Constitution of the United States. Aitiele
sixth, section one, of the Constitution, declares :
" Tln^ Constitution, and the laws of the United States
which bhall be made in pursuance theieof, and all treaties
made, or which shall be made, under the authority of the
Un ited States, shall be the supreme law of the land; and the
jud"es in every State shall he bound thereby, an} thing in
ihe^constitution [ordinance of secession] or laws ot any
State to the contrary notwithstanding.'*'
Tne committee content themselves with this simple state-
ment, to show the unconstitutionality ot the whole pio-
CeitUi"Salso clear that the claim is destructive of the til -t
principles of government in eveiy form. For the riglitlul
1 nowers of governments are made up of such individual, na-
I tnral rights -as iuue bee.u sunendercd b> ludividuaNioi the
I purpose of obtaining from the governments thus cieated
' Security and protection for their remaining right*. I ne
! poweis ot aState in Un' Union are derived Irom the indt-
' viduaJs of the Wuue. Hencu the maxim of our lathcin:
! "All Governments detive theii ju<t powers f<om the con-
• sent in the governed.'' Whether we coiisidei the Govern-
ment oi the United State-, as a compact betvveen the States
o> a* a Union of the whole peopi'S seee-Mon equally
illegal and ahsuid, and equally do.-fuetive of the first prin-
ciples of all government. If our Government be^oniy a
compact between the States, the States, in foiniing the
