1294
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
compact, exercised only such power a3 they had derived
from the people. And if a State resume the power—that
is secede—it follows, irresistibly, that each individual of
the State may resume his sovereignty, even while march-
in" to thegallows, and all laws be practically nullified, and
government rendered impossible. Secession, if admitted,
would not only destroy the noble fabric of our fathers, but
plunge the world into barbarism and anarchy by rendering
all government impossible.
The committeetherefore adopt the language of President
Buchanan in his last annual message—that " secession is
revolution; it may be justifiable revolution; but it is, never-
theless, revolution." In the language of President Jack-
son, "• it is incompatible with the existence of the Union,
contradicted by the letter of the Constitution, unauthorized
by its spirit, inconsistent with every principle on which it
it was founded, and destructive of the great objects for
Which it was formed."
Since secession is thus hostile to the existence of the
Government, and self-preservation is the highest duty of
every Government, it follows, in the present emergency,
that " the duties of the Govei nment become the measure ot
its powers; and whenever it fails to exercise the power
necessary and proper to the discharge of the duty prescribed
by the Constitution, it violates the public trust not less than
it would in transcending its proper limits. To lefrain,
therefore, from the high and solemn duties, [imposed by
the present condition of the country,] however painful
the performance may be, and thereby tacitly permit the
rightful authority of the Government to be contemned, and
its laws obstructed by a single State, would neither com-
port with its own safety, nor the rights of the great body of
the American people."
But when the secessionists are driven to admit that it has
no legal basis, the ever ready reply is, that we have no
power to coerce a State. This only crcates a false issue,
and diverts attention from the true one.
This was so clearly stated in a recent debate by a distin-
guished Senator, that the committee adopt his language as
their own. His statement may be deemed the more im-
portant, from his supposed connection with the incoming
Administration.
"The President says, that no State has the right to se-
cede, but we have no constitutional power to make war
against a State. The dilemma results from an assumption
that those who, in such a case, act against the Federal
Government, act lawfully as a State ; although manifestly
they have perverted the power of the State to an unconsti-
tutional purpose. A class of politicians in New England
set up this theory, and attempted to practice upon it in our
war with Great Britain. Mr. Jefferson did not hesitate to
say that States must be kept within their constitutional
sphere by impulsion, if they could not he held there by at-
traction. Secession was then held to be inadmissible in
the face of a public enemy. But if it is untenable in one
case, it is necessarily so in all others. 1 fully admit the
originality, the sovereignty, and the independence ot the
several States within their sphere. But I hold the Federal
Government to be equally original, sovereign, and inde-
pendent within its sphere. Andthegovernmentof the State
can no more absolve the people residing within it* limits-,
from allegiance to the Union, than the Government of the
Union cat. absolve them from allegiance to the State. The
Constitution of the United States, and the laws made in
pursuance thereof, are the supreme law ol the land, para-
mount to all legislation of the States, whether made under
the Constitution, oi by even their organic conventions.
The Union can be dissolved, not by secession, with or with-
out armed force, but only by the voluntary consent of the
people ot the United States, collected in the manner pre-
scribed by the Constitution of the United States."
But, however baseless secession may be, in a legal or
constitutional aspect, however destructive of the great prin-
ciples upon which all government rests, it is, nevertheless,
an existing fact, as a icvohitionary movement of vast pio-
portions, involving the interests ot our own people, the ex-
istence of the Government and the hopes of mankind. It
is multiplying its acts of hostility daily ; it is enlarging us
claims of sovereignty : it has rieelaied seven of the States
independent nations ; it has organized six of them into a
sepaiate confederacy, witliin our own bounds, and by claim-
ing exclusive jurisd'nniou, it denies the authority und con-
temns the laws and treaties of the United States.
What, then, is the duty of the Government in the exist-
ing emergency? To what extent does it possess the powers
to meet it? These questions force themselves upon our at-
tention at every step. Perhaps the first duty is, to ascer-
tain the causes of the disaffection and revolutionary move-
ment, so that, if it be possible, the causes of discontent may
he removed, and the integrity of the Union and the peace
of the country restored. These States claim that their rights
have been infringed, and their peace and equality threat-
ened, not because of anything that the Government has
done or proposed to do, for it has been substantially undei
their control j but because of certain legislation upon the
statute-books of other States, and a spuit of hostility to-
waids the institutions of the South, alleged to exist in the
northern States.
ft is conceded that the right of revolution is a sacred
right of the people. But in our system of Government it is
not a right that pertains to the State. The powers of the
State government are clear and distinct lrom those oi the
General Government, each designed to move in its own
sphere ; and it is impossible to suppose that the one has the
right of revolution against the othei. It might as well be
alleged that the State of South Carolina had the right of
revolution against the Government of Great Britain, as
against the Government ol the United State* acting within
its pi escribed limits. But if. for the sake of the argument, the
right of revolution, a« pertaining to a State, is conceded to
any one of the thirty four States, this necessaiiiy implies
the right, on the pait of the thirty-three remaining States,
to canvass the piopriety of its exercise, ami to resist it by
their combined power, inasmuch as it involves interests
common to all.
" In this view, it is a right dependent upon the power
to enforce it. Such a right, though it may be admitted to
preexist, and cannot be wholly surrendered, is necessarily
subjected to limitations in all free Governments,and in com-
pacts of all kinds, freelv and voluntarily entered into, and
in which the interests and weifare of the individual become
identified with those of the community of which he is a
member. In compacts between individuals, however deeply
they may affect their relations, those principles are ac-
knowledged to create asacrcd obligation. And in compacts
of civil Governments, involving the liberty and happiness
of millions of mankind, the obligation cannot be less."
If these States had no real grievance, they could have no
right of revolution. It causes of grievance exist, they must
necessarily exhaust all peaceful and constitutional reme-
dies before they could ask the adhering States to allow the
exercise of a revolutionary right on their part.
What are the alleged causes of grievance ? Mainly the
legislation of other States, and the alleged hostility ot their
people against the institutions of a portions the States.
While the legislation of some of the States, called " per-
sonal liberty bills" has been treated as aseriousgrievance,
it is a singular fact that no effort has been made to bring
any one of those laws to the judicial test provided by the
Constitution. Nor, so far as your committee arc aware,
has any one case ever arisen m which the enforcement of
their rights lias been obstructed by any of these laws. How,
then, do they furnish cause of revolution.
Nor are your committee able to persuade themselves that
the hostility to the institutions of the South on the part o
the people of the North is gieater now than it was twenty-
five yeais ago, or that they demand any legislation on the
part of Congiess m regard to slavery that was not common
to, and the recognized policy of, each of the first twelve
Adminitiations under the Constitution. But even if we
concede all that is claimed, still the fact forces itself upon
our attention that no attempt has been made on the part ot
the disaffected States, or those who sympathize with them,
to change the Constitution, or to meet the people of the
adhering States in a national convention to secure a peace-
ful sepai ation.
So far from all possible means ofiedress short oficvolu-
tion having been resorted to and exhausted, not one of the
steps that must necessarily precede the rightful exercise of
revolution has been taken. While conservative and loyal
citizens have earnestly sought conciliation and compio-
mise, the secessionists have been loudest in their denun-
ciations of all attempts at reconciliation. They declare the
Government is dissolved, and scout the efforts ot theirsym-
pathizers and natural allies for reconstruction.
One of the great souicesof trouble would seem to be the
proper disposition of the Territories of the United States.
And yet all the Ten itories which they claim for the use and
occupation of their system of labor, are already under or-
ganic laws adopted as compromises but ten years since,
and mainly at their own dictation.
The true explanation of all this difficulty was disclosed
in the debates in the South Carolina convention, immedi-
ately alter the adoption of the ordinance of secession, on
the 20th of December, 1860. One member arose in his place
and declared: " We have this day consummated the work
ofloity yeais;" to which another member responded: " We
have pulled down the temple of one Government, and we
must now construct another." Our Government has ex-
isted in its present form for seventy-two years; and it trea-
son has been testcung for more than forty years of that time,
it will hardly do to attribute the present difficulties to the
state of public sentiment in the other portion of the Con-
federacy. While it is true that many patriotic and loyal
citizens in those States have been excited to madness and
frenzy, and have voted for secession under a total misap-
prehension, produced by the grossest misrepresentations,
your committee are toicedto believe that hostility to the
Govei nment has long existed and has become wide-spread
thioughout those States. Perhaps one third of those who
voted for secession did so under the belief that it was the
intention of the incoming Administration to seek to over-
throw slavery within the bounds of the States by the power
of the General Government as it is, or to force such amend-
ments of the Constitution as would accomplish it. It is
nevertheless true that not one intelligent man who voted
for Mr. Lincoln can be found who ever dieamed or desired
such a thing, or would tolerate, it if possible, indeed, the
fieedoin of the tree States rests upon the exeicise of the
sovereignty of their State* ; the slavery of the slave States
rests equally upon the exercise of the sovereignty ot their
States. To permit the abolition of slavery in any one of the
Mave States by the power of the General Government would
he to admit its right to establish it in all the tree States.
Against this the whole body of the northern people are un-
alterably opposed ; and so far from seeking the e.\eicise of
anv such power in the slave States, it would meet from
them the sternest resistance.
The execution of the fugitive slave law has been a source
of contention. But the President informs us, m his mes-
sage, that the law has been executed in every contested
ease during his Administration. Atall events, if the amend-
ment should be adopted which has been reported by the
committee of thirty three, and which is now before the
House, the law would be rendered more effective to secure
the rights of the South, while it would be farle.ss odious to
the people of the North. Be this as it may, it has been
demonstrated that the percentage of loss on runaway slaves
is less than that on horses, or any other property. Viewed
with refeience to the aggregate value of that species ot
propeity,tbe loss is indeed verv email.
Some difficulty in regard to the rendition of fugitives from
justice, giowing out of local statutes, has arisen. But it
would seem to be of easy adjustment. And it is almost the
only remaining grievance.
When we consider that no effort has been made to secure
a peaceful separation of the States under this Government,
by the assent of the people m their sovereign capacity, but
instead, there have been acts of revolution. ho*tihty to the
Government, the seizure of its forts, the robbery of its treas-
ure, the exclusion of its jurisdiction, and preparations for
war, your committee are torced to the conclusion that the
difficulties growing out of the existence of slavery, however
viewed by the common people, aie, so far as the leaders of
this revolutionary movement are concerncd, but a mere pie-
tense ; their real object being to overthrow the Government,
that a separate southern confederacy, of a military charac-
ter, might arise upon its ruins.
What, then, is the duty of the Government under those
circumstances ? As the Constitution is the paramount law
of the land, so it must be the sole guide of every depart-
ment of the Government in meeting the present emergency.
Studiously avoiding the exercise of all new or doubtful
powers in legislation, all approaches to forced judicial con-
struction, or of executive usuipations, the Government
must proceed to discharge its constitutional obligations with
moderation, with prudence, with wisdom, but with un-
swerving steadiness and firmness. To this course every
officer of the Government is impelled by the sanctions of
his oath; by the sacred memories of our fathers; by the
'past glories of the model republic of all past time; by the
hopes and interests of the teeming millions of our present
population, and of all that are to come after us.
The great feature of oui system is, that the people make
the laws, and that they ob&y the laws which they them-
selves have made. Hence,'• the Government will appeal
to that political sense which exhorts obedience to the laws
of the country, as the highest duty of the citizen. It will
appeal to the moral power in the community. If that ap-
peal be in vain, it will appeal to the judiciary. If the mild
arm of the judiciary be not sufficient to execute the laws,
it will call out the civil force to sustain the laws. If that
be insufficient, God save and protect us from the lan re-
sort!" If the evil then come, the responsibility will not be
upon the Government. "The Executive must take care
that the laws be faithfully executed;" the Congress must
" provide for calling forth the militia to execute the laws
of the Union, suppress insurrections, and repel invasions;"
" to make all law> which shall be necessary and properfor
carrying into execution all the powers vested by the Con-
stitution in the Government of the United States, or in any
department or officer thereof." The Constitution makes
no provision for releasing any of its officers or agents from
the obligations ot the oath it requires them to take. How-
ever painful the duty thereby imposed upon them maybe,
it cannot be omitted without involving the destruction of
the Government, and incurring the guilt of perjury.
Nor can there be any heed given to any one of the false
and deceitful issues attempted to be raised; such as coercing
a State—making war upon a State. All these pleas are
fallacious, deceitful, and false, if not traitorous. The
Government will act only in the strict line of duty in the
discharge of its constitutional functions and obligations,
and whatever lorce it may attempt or use, will be strictly
on the defensive. W;oe to those individuals or combina-
tion of individuals who shall persistently violate their con-
stitutional obligations, and expect protection from a State
when no State can ughtfully act in the piennses.
The sovereign people of this country have seen fit to em-
brace all the powers of government in two organic forms—a
national Union for national purposes, with limited and well
defined powers and dude*, and State governments for local
purposes. In theoiy. at least, they cannot conflict with each
other, for the reason the powers of the Fedeial Government
at e clearly defined by a written Constitution, which is made
supreme in it* own sphere, the highest manifestations of
State sovcieignty to the contrary notwithstanding.
So long as the Geneial Govei nment confines itself to its
constitutional functions, it is absurd, if not treasonable, to
charactenze the execution of its laws as#e coeicion of a
State. Nay, moie, if any State, forgetful of its just rights
and duties, go outside of its own proper sphere to obstiuct
the due execution of the law* ot the Union, by that very
act it attempts to coerce the Geneial Government from the
exercise of its constitutional powers in the discharge of
duties rendeied nnpeiative by the Constitution. Should
collision ensue, the Government will be acting clearly on
the defensive. It will neither coerce a State nor make war
upon it; but if it fail to execute its own laws to the extent
of the power confetied, it will be recreant to the highest
trust ever conferred by anv people, disappoint the hopes of
a world, and destroy its own existence. The course ot the
Government cannot be doubtful, nor the result uncertain.
Should the claims of the secessionists be admitted, and
the deceitful dogmas of coercion obtain the indorsement of
the people, the l evolutionists and their apologists and allies
would prove themselves, m the language of the Constitu-
tion's greatest defender, "the most skillful ' architects of
rum,5 the most effectual extinguishers of high-raised ex-
pectation, the greatest blasters of human hopes, which any
age has piodueed. They would staml up to proclaim,-in
tones which would pierce the ears of halt of the human
race, that the last great experiment ofiepicsentative govern-
ment had failed."
"Millions of eyes, of those who now feed their inherent
love ot liberty on the success of the Ameiican example,
would turn away from beholding our dismemberment, and
find no place on eaith whereon to rest their gratified sight.
Amid the incantations and orgies of secession, disunion,
and revolution, would be celebrated the funeral rites of
constitutional and republican liberty."
But no such mad sckcmes can receive the indorsement of
the great body of the American people. We are not Mex-
icans. We are unaccustomed to violent disruptions and
peaceful reconstruction* of our Government. The Anglo-
Saxon race do not throw away the greatest of all possible
benefits in a mere fit of fienzy. It it required forty years
to make the people of the fir=t of the seceding States fully
disloyal to the Union, a hundred will not suffice for the
great body of the American people to forget their revolu-
tionaty sires, the rich inheritance bequeathed by them, the
glorious flag of the Union, or even the slumbering dust of
their Washington. The people will sustain their own Gov-
ernment, and hold it to the strict line of its constitutional
duty. Ever holding the olive branch of peace and concil-
iation before the emblems of its power, it will meet its stern
responsibilities with finn purpose and a steady hand; it
will rise above all difficulties and fulfill the highest mission
of any Government on earth.
The committee kept a regular journal, and it i5 hereby
reported to the House. The committee report sundry otfi-
ciarcommunieations from the heads of Executive Depart-
ments, and ask that they, with the journal, be printed.
All of which is respectfully submitted.
