384
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 11,
one, should not have been allowed as well as the
others. I do not profess to be acquainted with
the merits of this claim at all. But I am very apt
to think,Mr. Speaker, when 1 find aparty so con-
stantly before Congress, and getting a large num-
ber of claims allowed, that when he has still a
claim which has been all the time rejected, that
claim has not much merit in it. I may be it) error
as to the fact. " I may be in error as to this party
having had so many claims passed in his favor.
If so, I desire to be corrected by the chairman of
the Committee for the District of Columbia. I
know, moreover, that when this claim was before
the House on former occasions, one or two gen-
tlemen who had investigated it opposed it very
decidedly. They were gentlemen who were well
acquainted with the merits of the case—who had
studied the case, and who could not be induced to
withdraw their opposition to it.
Under these circumstances, I think that this bill
ought to he referred to a Committee of the Whole
House. We will go into committee directly,and
can discuss it there. Let it take the course which
other private bills take.
Mr. BURNETT. I desire to put my friend
from North Carolina right in reference to one of
his statements. He says that this claimant has
had several bills passed for his relief by Congress
In that he is mistaken. But one bill for his relief
has passed this House since my service here com-
menced. This claim was not embraced in it. I
think this bill has been pending for some seven
years, and has been favorably reported by the
Committee for the District of Columoiaevcry time
that it was referred to it. That is my recollection
of the fact.
Mr. CARTER. The gentleman from North
Carolina labors under a mistake about this claim
having already been allowed. It has been before
Congress for a long time;and,a$ I understand, it
has passed the House and the Senate, but not at
the same session, so that it might bccome a law
of the land, and that this man should be compen-
sated.
Mr. BRANCH. I submit to the House, Mr.
Speaker, whether the fact that this bill has been
so often before the House, and has still failed, is
not a very strong argument why it should not be
passed now, without being considered in Com-
mittee of the Whole House.
rkMr. CARTER, it has passed one House; but
at too late a period of the session to be acted on
in the other.
Mr. HUGHES. It seems to me that the longer
justice has been delayed, the greater the reason
why it should be done now.
Mr. CARTER. The claim has been favorably
reported by fifteen separate committees-, and no
committee has reported against it.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I desire to ask the chair-
man of the Committee for the District of Colum-
bia how much money this bill appropriates?
Mr. CARTER, it does not appropriate any
amount. It refers the claim to the proper Depart-
ment, that it may be adjudicated and ascertained
what is actually due to the claimant,
Mr. CRAWFORD. I desire to ask any gen-
tleman in the House to tell me what this bill dues
appropriate? I am very well satisfied that the bill
ought not to pass. I gave it some investigation
last session.
Mr, CARTER. The claim, if I understand it
aright, is between three and four thousand dollars.
But it is to be referred to the proper Department
to be adjusted, and to see whether the claimant is
or is not entitled to anything.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I think it an extraordi-
nary thing that a bill of this sort should be before
Congress for the last fifteen years, without a sin-
gle member of the House or of the Committee for
the District of Columbia being able to tell what
amount is appropriated in it. If this man has a
just claim against the Government, it is an equi-
table claim. He has no legal demand against the
Government. There may possiGly be some equity
in the claim; butif there be, there should be some
member who would be able to state what the
amount would be. If there be a member who
knows anything about it, I should like to know.
I have had a conversation myself with a party.
He sought me yesterday, and spoke to me in
respect to it. He did not know, himself, how
much the amount was that was due to him, or
whether there was anything at all due to him.
It is a mere matter of equity between the Gov-
ernment and himself. And yet this House is
called upon to pass a bill without knowing how
much it appropriates, or whether there is anything
at all due to the claimant. It is not a fixed amount;
and I suggest to the chairman of the Committee
for the District of Columbia, that he should let
this bill take the regular course, and go, as other
private bills go, to a Committee of the Whole
House, where it can be discussed and the facts
ascertained.
Mr. CARTER. This is a Senate bill, and it
has been scrutinized in that body.
Mr. CRAWFORD. Exactly. Now, if the
gentleman will show me a private bill that has
ever been closely scrutinized by the Senate, he
will show me something which I have never
seen. Talk of u private bill being scrutinized by
the Senate!
Mr. CARTER. Well, if it was not, it ought
to have been.
Mr. CRAWFORD. It is actually astonishing
to hear a gentleman talk about the Senate scru-
tinizing a private claim. And yet neither the
Senate nor the House, nor the committee that re-
ported the bill, nor the member from New York,
nor my friend from Kentucky, nor anybody else,
can tell how much is to be paid fiom the Treas-
ury under this bill. Let it, I repeat, take the
usual course of private bills, and if the claim be
a just one, it will be allowed. The party can-
not complain of that course being taken.
Mr. CARTER. If I understand it, the bill
will not appropriate more than four thousand
dollars.
Mr. CRAWFORD. But you say that you do
not understand how much.
Mr. CARTER. We refer it to the Depart-
ment to see whether this party is entitled to the
claim he makes. .
Mr. CRAWFORD. You refer it to the De-
partment for them to inquire into the amount due
to this party?
Mr. CARTER. Yes, sir.
Mr. CRAWFORD. The gentleman and the
House know very well how these billsare usually
drawn. They are drawn with language such as
the House of Representatives frequently does not
notice; and under peculiar words, we fiave actu-
ally authorized the payment of an amount of
money, which we have ourselves been greatly
astonished at when we found out what it was.
Mr. CARTER. I have no doubt that we have
honest men at the heads of the various Depart-
ments of the Government, who will thoroughly
investigate this claim. They will deduct from the
claim all that ought to be deducted, and they will
not pay any more than is due.
Mr. CRAWFORD. The Departmentsconsider
such bills as this as instructions to them to pay
this money. 1 move that the bill be laid upon
the table.
Mr. CARTER. I hope that that motion will
not prevail.
Mr. BRANCH. I ask the gentleman from
Georgia to allow me to read a passage from the
report of the committee which had this bill in
chaige.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I withdraw my motion
for that purpose.
Mr. BRANCH. Mr. Speaker, I dislike very
much to be compelled to discuss bills brought
before the House with such limited means of in-
formation as we possess; and if, now and then,
when it is attempted to put bills in this way upon
their passage, without examining into all the par-
ticulats, we should stumble into errors, it is not
the fault of those of us who are seeking the means
of getting information by sending them to com-
mittees, but rather the fault of those who compel
us to act in the dark.
In reference to the amount of this claim, I wish
to read a passage from the report of the commit-
tee which accompanies the bill. The report is
not very distinct as to the amount; but when the
extract is read, the House will see that the amount
of this claim, which we are called upon to pass,
is much larger than two or three thousand dollars.
The extract is as follows:
" The amount of woik done by Stewart during the influ-
ence of the cholera, at his rontract pric^, was $10,924 60.
The amount done by Bargv during the same time, at his
contract price, wa* {§7,8? J 40, amounting in all to $18,796,
to which amount, according to the piinciples adopted by
former committees, one hundred per cent, ought to be added
for the diminished amount of labor performed by the men,
the contractors being compelled to employ two hundred to
perform what one hundred would have done In the same
length of time, had the contractors been allowed to suspend
their work during the influence of the cholera; and to this
amount add fifty per cent, for the increased price paid the
laborers to induce them to stay on the work, and from this
amount deduct the amounts paid the original contractors,
and their assignee or attorney, and -should There remain a
balance, thus found, still unpaid, that the proper account-
ing officers of the Treasury pay the same to J. W. Nye, the
assignee of said contractors; and in accordance with the
foregoing principle the committee report a bill and earnestly
rccomracnd its passage."
So, sir, it seems that the original contract was
for$18,796. Tothatamountthe committeepropose
to add one hundred per cent., which is to double
that amount and make it some thirty-seven thou-
sand dollars.
Mr. CARTER. One hundred per cent, upon
the labor actually done.
Mr. BRANCH. And then it is proposed to
add fifty per cent., which is some nine thousand
dollars, making in all between forty-five and fifty
thousand dollais. Fiom that amount is to be
deducted the amounts heretofore paid to Nye.
What those amounts are we cannot tell; we have
no means of knowing; but, as the original contract
was only for $18,000, it is quite evident that what
the committee allows under this bill must at least
be the difference between §18,000 and $47,000.
The report may mislead me. The chairman of
the committee may be able to make it clear, not-
withstanding what I have read from the report—
that the bill appropriates only a very small sum
of money, not to exceed two or three thousand
dollars. I would like to have the matter discussed
in the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
This name of Nye is familiar to those of us
who have been here for five or six years. I have
not served in a session of Congress since I have
been here when this party was not before Con-
gress, in some shape or other, trying to have one
claim or another passed by the Government.
I will now read the last clause of the report;
which, perhaps, will indicate to the House one
of the reasons why the passage of this bill is
urged. The committee gives it as one of the
reasons; and perhaps it is one of the most influ-
ential reasons which operated upon them:
'•'Injustice to the claimant and his family, and in con-
sideration of the great length of time most faithfully de-
voted by him to the piosecution of this claim, and to relieve
Congress fiom any fuithcr importunity and expense, the
committee recommend its immediate settlement."
In consideration of the great length of time
most faithfully devoted by him to the prosecution
of this claim! Not to the prosecution of the work,
but in consideration of the great length of time
devoted by him to the prosecution of this claim;
and to relieve Congress from any further impor-
tunity and expense, the committee recommends
its immediate settlement. I submit to the House
if that is a sufficient reason for a committee of
this House to pass a bill in this hot haste. It is
not in consideration of the services rendered, but
in consideration of the great length of the time
devoted by this party to prosecuting this claim;
and in order to relieve Congress from any further
importunity, the committee recommend that the
claim should now be settled.
If I am correct, Mr. Speaker, in the impiession
on my mind, that this is an old claimant, one who
has had many claims before Congress, then, so
far from getting rid of his importunity by passing
the bill, I would not be surprised if we only in-
sured a continuance of it. I think the way to get
rid of importunity in such cases, where claims
have been deliberately examined and passed upon
and rejected by Congress, is not to pass the claims,
but to reject them decisively, and for the commit-
tees of this House to lefuse ever afterwards to
consider them, unless new evidence be brought
forward with them. I am not willing to get iid
of the importunity of this party in any such way.
I am not willing to try the experiment of getting
rid of it in that way. So far from getting rid of
it, I think we will only insure that he will be here
again at the next session of Congress with an-
other and perhaps a larger claim.
I insist on my motion to refer the bill to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
If we find that it is a just claim, as possibly we
may, I will be as ready as any member upon this
floor to do justice to this party; but where the
circumstances are suspicious, as they are in this
