1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ease—I mean suspicious as to the justice and the
right of the claim—I am unwilling to have it
passed until we have had an opportunity to in-
vestigate it. I will go into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union with the gen-
tleman who reported the bill, and those around
me who are so confident of its justice—gentle-
men upon whose judgment I have great reliance—
I will, I say, go into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union with them, and into the
investigation of the case, fully and fairly. If it
is a just claim, I will go with them for paying it;
and if it is not a just claim, I am satisfied that
they will not ask Congress to pass it. I demand
the previous question on the motion to refer. If,
however, the chairman of the Committee for the
District of Columbia wants to reply to my re-
marks, I will not cut him off.
Mr. CARTER. I want to say a word.
Mr. BRANCH. I withdraw the demand for
the previous question.
Mr. CARTER. I hope that the motion to
refer will be defeated. This claim has been re-
ported upon favorably by fifteen committees. If I
understand it rightly, it does not involve at the
outside more than four or five thousand dollars,
notwithstanding the extracts from the report read
by the gentleman from North Carolina. I am
willing that the claim shall be limited to that
amount. I apprehend that there is no claim for
any large amount.
Mr. STANTON. Does the bill make an ap-
propriation ?
Mr. CARTER. The bill refers the settlement
of the claim to the Department. It authorizes
them to settle the amount found due.
Mr. STANTON. Then it makes an appro-
priation.
The SPEAKER. The Chair doubts whether
the point of order is a good one. At any rate, it
is made too late.
Mr. BRANCH. I renew the demand for the
previous question.
Mr. MAYNARD. What is the effect of the
previous question ? If the House should decline
to send the bill to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, wou-Id it not then bring us
to a direct vote on the bill?
The SPEAKER. It would. The question
would be on the third reading and engrossment
of the bill.
Mr. BRANCH. I ask that so much of the
bill be read as is necessary to enable us to ascer-
tain whether it contains an appropriation or not.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it is too
late now to raise that question. The question is
upon seconding the demand for the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. BRANCH. I would Iiketoget that inform-
ation, because if the bill does appropriate money,
it must go, under the rules, to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. CARTER. It is too late to raise the point,
because the bill is already before the House.
Mr. BRANCH. It is not too late, because the
rules require that the bill shall go there if it ap-
propriates money, as I understand the Chair to
admit that it does. I make that point of order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has looked into
the bill in reference to that point, and he doubts
whether it comes under that rule. He therefore
overrules the point of order. The question is
now upon seconding the demand for the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question was ordered to be put; and, under
the operation thereof, the bill was referred to a
Committee of the Whole on the Private Calendar.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask the
unanimous consent of the House to 
Mr. BINGHAM. I call for the regular order
of business.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope the
gentleman will lieai my proposition.
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. DAVIDSON, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported as truly enrolled an act (H.
R. No. 693) for the relief of Richard C. Martin;
when the Speaker signed the same.
SCHOONER SPUING HILL.
Mr. WASHBURNE,of Illinois. I amdirected
by the Committee on Commerce to ask the House
to pass a joint resolution authorizing the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to change the name of the
schooner Spring Hill to-that of United States. It
is the vessel of Captain Hayes, which is out upon
an exploring expedition in the Arctic regions.
No objection being made, the resolution was
received, and read a first and second time.
Mr. PENDLETON. Is it in order to move to
amend that resolution?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. PENDLETON. Then, I move to insert
authority to change the name of the schooner
John C. Fremont to that of Horizon.
The SPEAKER. The amendment must apply
to the same subject.
Mr. PENDLETON. The amendment applies
to the same general subject.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it is not
in order.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, demanded
the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put; and under the
operation thereof the resolution was ordered to
be engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to re-
consider the vote by which the resolution was
passed; and also moved to lay the motion to
reconsider on the table
The latter motion was agreed to.
JAMES O'JSIUEN.
Mr. HUGHES. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs to report a bill for the
relief of James O'Brien, late lieutenant of com-
pany E, of the District of Columbia and Mary-
land regiment of volunteers in the Mexican war,
and others.
Mr. FENTON called for the regular order of
business
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mary-
land is not now in order.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I ask the unanimous
consent of the House to report a bill from the
Committee on Public Lands, which I could not
lay my hand upon when that committee was
called.
Mr. STANTON objected to everything except
the regular order of business.
COURT-HOUSE AT ONTARIO.
Mr. BINGIIAM, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, made an adverse report upon the peti-
tion of the supervisors of the county of Ontario,
New York, asking for an appropriation for a Gov-
ernment court-house; which was laid on the table,
and the committee discharged from the further
consideration thereof.
TAXES IN KANSAS.
Mr. BINGHAM also, from the same commit-
tee, reported adversely upon the several petitions
of S. S. Prouty, John Chew, and others, citizens
of Kansas, praying Congress to remit taxes paid
in support of the Government; which was laid on
the table, and the committee discharged from the
further consideration thereof.
PERRY OVER LAKE CIIAMPLAIN.
Mr. BINGHAM also, from the same commit-
tee, asked that the committee be discharged from
the further consideration of the petition of Charles
Sowles, praying for a grant of land for a ferry
over Lake Champlain, from Alburgh, in the State
of Vermont, to Rouse's Point, in the State of
New York, adjacent to the same; and that the
same be referred to the Committee on Commerce.
It was so ordered.
DAVID C. BRODERICK.
Mr. BINGHAM also, from the same commit-
tee, reported a bill for the relief of the assignees
of David C. Broderick, deceased; which was read
a first and second time.
The bill authorizes the Secretary of the Senate
to pay to the assignees of David C. Broderick, out
of the contingent fund of the Senate, the amount
of compensation and salary due to the deceased
at the time of his death; and it repeals so much
of any act as may conflict with this act.
Mr. NIBLA.CK. I would suggest to the gen-
tleman from Ohio that the last clause is too broad
in its application. The effect of it will be to repeal
all acts inconsistent with the bill. The repeal
ought not to act beyond the provisions of the bill.
Mr. BINGHAM. The repeal is limited in its
operation to this particular case.
Mr. NOELL. What prevents their receiving
this money now? . .
Mr. BINGHAM. I suppose the construction
of the law would be that the moneyshould other-
wise be paid to the personal representativesof the-
deceased. This bill provides that the money shall
be paid to his assignee. I will state also, for the
information of the gentleman, that the Senate of
the United States was so entirely satisfied that
some such legislation as this should be had, that
they unanimously passed a resolution of a similar
nature; but the Attorney G.eneral said it must be
authorized by a joint resolution or a bill before
the money could be paid.
I will amend the second section of the resolu-
tion, so that it shall read:
So much of any act as may conflict herewith is hereby
repealed in so far as it may interfere with the payment au-
thorized by the first section of this act.
The resolution was then ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time.
Mr. NIBLACK. I would suggest to the gen-
tleman from Ohio, whether it would not be better,
by unanimous consent, to strike out the whole of
the repealing clause, and say simply that the pay-
ment shall be made, notwithstanding the provision
of any law to the contrary.
Mr. BINGHAM. The repeal is limited to the
provisions of this bill, and there is no necessity
for anything else.
Mr. MAYNARD. Will the gentleman from
Ohio inform me whether the bill gives any pay
after the death of Mr. Broderick?
Mr. BINGHAM. No, sir. I call the previous
question upon the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and tlie
main question ordered to be put; and under the
operation thereof the resolution was passed.
Mr. BINGHAM moved to reconsider the vote
last taken; and also moved to lay the motion to
reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
FERDINAND W. CLARK.
Mr. PORTER, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, made an adverse report upon the petition
of Ferdinand W. Clark, of Roxbury, Massachu-
setts, respecting proceedings in his claim against
Mexico ; which was laid on the table, and ordered
to be printed.
LAND TITLE IN SAN FRANCISCO.
Mr. PORTER also, from the same committee,
reported back, with an amendment, and with a
recommendation that it do pass, a bill (S.No.97)
to authorize the institution of a suit against the
United States, to test the title to lots Nos. 6 and
7, in Hospital square, in San Francisco.
The amendment of the committee was to amend
section four of the act, so that it shall read as fol-
lows:
Be it further enacted, That no suit shall be brought by
virtue ot" the provisions of this act, unless the same be in-
stituted within two years from the passage thereof.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was then ordered to be read a third
time.
Mr. SMITH, of North Carolina. I would be
glad to inquire of the chairman of the committee
whether there is any precedent for the proceed-
ings contemplated by this bill; whether there is
any instance where a suit has been authorized to
be brought against the United States in a court of
the United States ? I think this would be the es-
tablishment of an important precedent to the coun-
try.
Mr. HICKMAN. I am not able, at this mo-
ment, to indicate any case; but I think there will
be no difficulty in finding a precedent.
Mr. BINGHAM. There was such a case last
session.
Mr. HICKMAN. That is by no means an
unusual thing. 1£he United States can undoubt-
edly suffer no injustice from this course. The
opinion of the Attorney General was asked re-
specting the title of the Government to these lots,
and he referred it to the district attorney of Cal-
ifornia, and he expressed the opinion that the
title of the United States was defective. This bill
is merely to enable that question of title to be
tested
Mr.' JONES. I do not know anything of the
merits of this particular case; but I do not see
