1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1295
Mr. HOWARD, of Michigan, from the spe-
cial committee of five, reported back sundry me-
morials; which were laid upon the table.
Mr. WINSLOW. Is the special committee of
live yet dissolved ?
Mr. HOWARD, of Michigan. Its report has
not yet been accepted.
Mr. HINDMAIN. What is the regular order
of business?
The SPEAKER. The consideration of these
special reports from the select committee.
Mr. HOWARD, of Michigan, from the same
committee, reported the following resolution:
Resolved, That five thousand extra copies of the sev-
eral reports and evidence submitted by the select commit-
tee ot five be printed and bound m one volume for tlie
members of this House.
The SPEAKER. That resolution, under the
law, goes to the Committee on Printing.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by Mr.
Patton, one of its clcrks, notifying the House
that that body had passed House bill No. 909, for
the relief of Thomas Chittenden, without amend-
ment; and House bill No. 852, for the relief of
certain Chippewa, Ottowa, and Pottawatomie In-
dians, with amendments, in which he was directed
to ask the concurrence of the House.
CIVIL APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that general debate
in the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union on the amendments of the civil appropria-
tion bill be terminated within five minutes after
the committee shall begin to consider them.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. What was the or-
der of the House in reference to the report of the
majority of the selcct committee of five just sub-
mitted? Have the minority a right to print their
report in the Globe before or after the termina-
tion of the session ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair supposes that
the minority have been allowed to print their re-
port at any time.
Mr. CURTIS. I object to that. We have no
power to receive any reports after this Congress
has expired.
The question was taken on Mr. Sherman's
motion; and it was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I now move that the rules
be suspended ;and the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state ofthe Union.
Mr. STANTON. What is the regular order of
business?
The SPEAKER. This is the regular order of
business.
Mr. STANTON. There are, as I understand,
two special orders for this day.
The SPEAKER. There is no special order
pending now.
Mr, STANTON. Is not the report of the se-
lect committee of thirty-three pending?
The SPEAKER. It is not. It was postponed
to take up the civil appropriation bill.
Mr. BURNETT. What becomes of the force
bill?
The SPEAKER. It was not made a special
order.
Mr. STANTON. I hope that the House will
vote down the motion to go into committee, in
order to take up the bill for raising volunteers.
Mr. SICKLES. Is debate in order? If it is
not, I object.
Mr. STANTON. I do not mean to be cheated
out of the consideration of the volunteers bill, if
I can prevent it. I demand the yeas and nays on
the motion to go into committee; and, on ordering
the yeas and nays, I demand tellers.
Tellers were not ordered; and the yeas and
nays were not ordered.
The question was taken; and the motion was
agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Grow in the chair'.)
The CHAIRMAN stated that the question in
order was the consideiation of Senate amendments
to the civil appiopviation bill.
First amendment of the Senate:
Increase the appropriation in the following paragraph to
#2r>0,000 •
For continuing the survey of the Atlantic and Gulf coast
of the United States, (including compensation of civilians
engaged in the work, and excluding pay and emoluments
of officers of the Army and Navy and petty of officers and
men of the Navy employed on the work.) $100,000.
The CHAIRMAN. The Committee of Ways
Means recommend non-concurrence ir^the amend-
ment.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Second amendment:
Increase the fbllowing'appropriation to ,<$130,000 ;
" For continuing the survey of the western coast ofthe
United States, including compensation of civilians engaged
in the woik. .$<0,000."
The CHAIRMxlN. The Committee of Ways
and Means recommend non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Third amendment:
In line twenty-one, strike out " twenty," and insert
in lieu thereof, " forty;'5 so that the paragraph will read:
For continuing the survey of the Florida ieef& and keys,
(includingcompensation of civilians engaged in the work,
and excluding pay and emoluments of olheers ofthe Armv
and Navy, and petty officers and men ofthe Navy employed
oil the woik,) $40,000.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Fourth amendment:
After line thirty-seven, insert the following:
Toptovide (or a steam vessel m place of the steamer
Walker, lost by collision at sea, ,$4.5,000.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurrcd in.
Fifth amendment:
In line sixty-eight, strike out" eight," ahd insert, in Ii$fi
thereof', " live  o that the clause will read :
For seamen1-' wages, repairs, supplies, and incidental ex-
penses ot forty-five light-voxels, $170,967 70.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Sixth amendment:
Strike out the following clause :
" For commission*;, at tw o and a half per centum,to super-
intendent-', on disbursements tor objects outside their dis-
tricts, $12,"^2 27."
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended non-concurrence.
Mr. SHERMAN. Since the report ofthe Com-
mittee of Waysand Means was made, I have read
a letter from the Secretary of the Treasury, which
has convinced me that tiiat amendment ought to
be concurred in. I hope, therefore, that* it will
be agreed to.
The amendment was concurred in.
Seventh amendment:
In line eighty nine, sttike out " expenses," and insert
"iepau^"iu lieu theieof; so that the clause will read:
Foi icpani and incidental expenses of nineteen light-
house? and buildings connected therewith. $10,000.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Eighth amendment:
In line one handled and forty-nine insert, after the word
"bridges," the words "and the io;uN appuitenant thereto
owned by the United States," so that the paragraph will
read :
Forrepainof the Potomac,navy-yard, and upper bridges,
and the roads appurtenant thereto, owned by the United
States., $6,0U0.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Ninth amendment:
After line one hundred and sixty-two, insert the fol-
lowing:
To complete the inclosing of Judiciary square, in Wash- J
ington city, as lequired by the sixth section of the act of f
the 3d ofMarch, 1837, including the giading of the giouuds,
,$10,000.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Tenth amendment:
In line one hundred and seventy-two, after the word
" thirty," insert " fiveso that the paragraph will read :
For the bupport. clothing, and medical and moral treat-
ment of the insane of the District of Columbia and of the
Aimv and Navy and of the levenue service, at the asylum
in said District, including hooks and incidental expenses
ofthe ar-vliun. 00.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Eleventh amendment:
After line one hundred and seventy-two, insert the fol-
lowing:
For repairs and painting of four western or first erected 11
sections of the hospital edifice, including additions to tbe
furniture and gardener's houses, and out-buildings and
fences; ice-houses, including preservingceflar, extension
of stable for storage of hay and other fodder, and shelter of
farm wagons and carts ; and inclosing two sides of farm-
yard with brick wall; improvement of grounds, including
pavement surrounding all the buildings; grading and plant-
ing trees, paving gutteis, and placing seats m the pleasure
grounds ofthe patients ; forcing and green-houses, includ-
ing apparatus; fitting up two bowling-alleys, one in base-
ment of each wing, $8,000.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Twelfth amendment:
After line one hundred and eighty-four, insert the fol-
lowing :
For extending the stone and brick wall already forming
a part of the exterior boundary of a portion ofthe hospital
grounds, with a view of eventually inclosing the whole
tract in the same way, $-10,000.
The Committee of Ways t\nd Means recom-
mended non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Thirteenth amendment:
After line one hundred and ninety-four, strike out the
following:
For drawings to illustrate the report of the Commissioner
of Patents, foi the year 1861, $5,000.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended non-concuirence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Fourteenth amendment;
In line one hundred and ninety-nine, after the word
"procurement," insert "propagation," so that the clause
will read:
For collection of agricultural statistics, investigations for
promoting agriculture and rural economy,and the procure-
ment, propagation, and distiibution of cuttings and seeds,
§60,000: Provided, however, That in the expenditure of
tin?. appropriation, and especially in the selection of cut-
tings and seeds for distribution, due regard •■hall be had to
the purposes of general cultivation and the encouragement
of the ugiicultural and lural interests of all parts ot the
United States.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended concurrence.
Mr. HOLMAN. 1 think that amendment of
the Senate is unwise*, and 1 hope the House will
not agree to it.
Mr. SHERMAN. Let the gentleman have it
as he pleases. The amendment is immaterial.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Fifteenth and sixteenth amendments:
In hne two hundred and eight, strike out" one thousand
/our hundred,"and insert m iieu thereof" two thousand
and add, aftei the word "dollars," in line two hundred
and eight, the words "so much thereof as may be neces-
sary, to be applied to the deficiency in that fund for the
present fiscal year;" so th.it the clause will read :
For expenses of receiving, anangmg, and taking care
of copyright hooks, charts, and other copyright matter,
&2.000; so much thereof as inav be necessity to be applied
to the deficiency m that fund for the present fiscal year.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended concurrence.
The amendments were concurred in.
Seventeenth amendment:
Strike out the following clause : " For the preservation
and distribution of tlie collections of the exploring and sur-
vey ins expeditions ot tlie Government, and the construc-
tion of suitable e.ues to receive «aid collections, $6,000 j"
arid lmeitm lieu thereof the following:
For the distribution of the collections of the exploring
and fciirvej me expeditions of the Government, and the con-
struction of additional eases to receive such part of said
collections as may be retained by the Government, §6.000;
hueh distribution to be only to institutions willing to receive
the same, and at their own expense.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Eighteenth amendment:
In line two hundred and fifty-four, strike out " twenty,"
and insert " thirty in lieu theieof; so that the clause will
read:
For surveying the public lands and private land claims
in California, to be disbursed at the rates prescribed by law
for the different kinds of woik, $30,000.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Nineteenth amendment:
In line two hundred and sixty-two, strike out "when "
and insert ''where" in lieu thereof; so that the paragiaph
will read:
For  alaiy of the clerk detailed for tlfc special service in
the General Land Office to attend to the unfinished surveys
in the States wheie the otfices of the surveyors geneial
have been closed, $2,000.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
