THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Sixth Congress, 2d Session.
SATURDAY, MARCH 2, 1861.
New Series ...No. 89.
Twenty-ninth amondmcnt:
For the Capitol extension, §250,000.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended non-concurrence.
Mr. MAYNARD. I propose, before concur-
ring or non-concurring, to offer an amendment to
the Senate amendment in the shape of the proviso
which has been attached to this appropriation for
several years. It is the same policy which has
been urged heretofore and settled by the House,
and I will not take up time by going over the
argument again. I offer the following amendment
to the amendment:
Provided, None of the money hereby appropridtctl fcliali
be expended in the decoration and embellishment of the
Capitol extension, for sculpture or painting, except the
same shall be approved by the art commissioners appointed
under the act appioved 12tn of June, 1858, in the manner
stated m said act; but this piovibo shall not be so con-
strued as to mtcifiiUi with the completion and payment of
the work already begun by Ciawfoid & Rogers, or the com-
pletion oi room^ m the north wing, already painted.
Mr. SHERMAN. Is the amendment in order?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks it is.
Mr. MAYNAIID. I desire to slate that I con-
cur with the Committee of Ways and Means in
their recommendation to non-concur in the Senate
amendment. But if that amendment should be
concurred in, then I want to have this proviso at-
tached to it—the same as has been attached to
this appropriation for several years.
Mr. Maynard's amendment to tiie amendment
was agreed to.
The Senate amendment, as amended, was non-
concurred in.
Thirtieth amendment:
To enable the Secietary of the Senate to make the pay-
ment authorized by the lesoiution of the Senate of tho^Uth
March, ]8G0, to Mrs. E. A. Linn, $2,Q<-S
The Committee of Ways and Moans recom-
mended non-concurrencc.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. I move to amend
oy adding one dollar to the amount. I hope that
the Senate amendment will be concurred in by the
committee. I do not think this case is well un-
deistood. It is a claim for constructive mileage.
The Senate passed a resolution in March, lfctfO,
in reference to the pay of constructive mileage;
and this amendment is only designed to confoim
to that resolution. Under a law regulating the
pay of mileage to Senators, there were several
Senators who refused to receive the mileage.
Subsequently, under that law, several Senators
—among others, Mr. Davis and Mr. Benton—
drew the very same money which Dr. Linn could
have drawn if he had lived. Dr. Linn died
before he drew the money, 1 ask the Clerk to
read what Senator Dams said upon this subject,
and that will explain the whole matter to the
com mittee.
The Clerk read, as follows:
u It strikes mc that we arc arguing the question at a point
at which it h unnccessaiy to consider it so broadlv on its
merits. If this money is to he paid out of the contingent
fnud of the Senate, whenever the Senate has a contingent
fund it will be liable to that dsaft; and if we \vi>htn recon-
sider the resolution upon its merit*, it would seem to me
moie appropriate that it should be done on a motion to le-
cotiMdei or to icpeal it. It 1^. not necessity to obmuetnn
appiopriation bill by a question as to this item, because, if
the Senate clioov to pay it, they can pay it out ot their con-
tingent fund whenever they have one. Ir they elmo'e to
lepoal the resolution, they oau do it at any tune, independ-
ent of this item 111 the appiopriation aet.
*• Having said this much, 1 wish to add merely, that I
think it is a misapplication of t"iin> to talk about con-
science in tins matter. There is no conscience m a man's
salaiy; it is a meie question of law. lie cannot inciea^e
the salary, and e\ erjbody would write him a iool if he were
to attempt to reduce hisown salary The whole question
is, what does the law give? Up to It)55, 1 believe, the
question had nevei bftenraisida-? to whetbe. a Senatoi wa>
entitled 10 nulPairc for attendum an extra si'^-ion, without
actually performing toe ti.iwl to and lioni 'n-s home. It
w.i- then d( tided that tiie tiavd wa< nut nece- --aiy The
question was revived .it a -•ijij-i.-qui'nt peiunhand fiillv d:-s
cu--c<l. Mi. Iieutr.il, with hi.- thorough know ?cd?e. had at !
fn-t decided not to iceesvc the mileage; but he ic\jew ed I
the question, and cave hit* opinion that it was due ui.dei
the law, and at a ->uu-eqtteni penod diew for two j-e^ion^
at the same tunc. Mr Calhoun, whose putity vva> nevei
questioned, who^e discuminatiou was always admitted,
*.aid that, under the law, u was a claim—that it\va*a pay-
ment not to be made by the number of miles ttaveled, but
82
a payment to be made for reparation from one's home and
business; that it was an allowance of the law, and he there-
fore took it as a legal portion of his salary—a portion of his
saUiry fixed by law. If that decision had been made in the
lifetime of Dr. Linn, no doubt he would have received it;
or if lie did not receive it then, it would have stood as so
much money, to which he remained a creditor on the
books of the Treasury. 1 may say, in relation to myself,
that I once postponed receiving such an allowance, and was
informed that itwould stand to my credit there until I drew
it; and it was subsequently sent to me by a friend.
;c The only difieience, then, between the case of Dr. Linn
and that of those subsequent to the decision is, that, at the
tune at which the claim was inade,ithad not been decided
to be a pait of a Senator's saiaiy or allowance, ami that lt-
was subsequently decided under the law to be his. Then,
whether we shail go back to a period anterior to the decis-
ion, and admit that it was due under the law, and is- to be
paid heieafter—for if it is to be paid in one case, it will in
another, or, if it he argued that, because we have made the
allowance, arid made it indiscreetly, it is to stand, let it
come up on that question single and alone ; let the merit
of the resolution be discussed as a distinct pioposition in
relation to money to be diawu from the contingent lund of
the Senate. With these views, I shall vote to iceedc."
Mr. CLARK, ofMissouri. In this connection,
I desire lo say to the committee that I am infoimed
that this amendment passed the Senate with only
two dissenting votes. Senator Linn would have
drawn the money had he not died before the con-
struction of the law was made, of which Mr.
Davis speaks. He died in the mean time; and this
money is much needed by the widow of this dis-
tinguished Senator.
Mr. SPAULDING. At the last session of
Congress, the Senate passed u resolution dnect-
mg the Secretary to pay this money out of the
contingent fund of the Senate. The Secretary of
the Senate had some doubt about the propriety of
the payment of this money out of that fund. Forty-
three Senators signed a paper requesting the Sec-
retary to pay the money, but after consultation
with the Comptroller of thoTieasury, he decided
not to pay it without a concurrent resolution of
the two Houses. I now hold in my hand the
paper signed by the forty-three Senators, request-
ing that payment. This paper was not before the
Committee of Ways and Means yesterday when
we passed upon this amendment. I understand
now that, with these facts before them, the com-
mittee would not now object to the passage of
this amendment.
In reference to the question of its legality, the
Senator from New Hampshire [Mr. IIale] le-
loried to the opinion of Mr. Dallas, who was
authorized to decide this question, as far as it re-
lated to other Senators. lie decided that the law
authorized the payment. It is purely a legal
question. This money is to be paid for two called
sessions, like the session which is called for next
Mondny. To be sure, it is constructive mileage;
but it has been decided to be legally due. Sen-
ator Linn did not receive the money during his
lifetime; but he attended the two sessions, and
was authorized, under the law, to receive it. As
it now stands, there can bo no objection to the
passage of this appropriation. The Senate simply
ask the assent of the House that the money may
bo paid out of their contingent fund, they having
already passed a resolution for that purpose.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri, by unanimous con-
sent, withdrew his amendment.
Mr. PHELPS. I move, as o. pro forma amend-
ment, to increase the amount one dollar. I am
in favor of the amendment adopted by the Sen-
ate. At the last session of Congress the Senate
passed a resolution directing this amount of money
to be paid to the widow of Mr. Linn, out of the
contingenf fund of the Senate. In consequence
of theie being a deficiency m that fund, and owing
to a construction of the law, the Secretary of the
Senate, the disbursing officer of that bouv, de-
clined to make the payment. Under those cir-
cumstances, and in consideration that the mileage
hii* been allowed to other Senators, I brliev it is
right that this sum should b? paid to Airs. Linn. ;
I withdraw my amendment. !
The amendment of the Senate was concurred in. j
Thirty-first amendment: j
For compensation of superintendent of Indian affairs j
and tin oh additional agents In Washington Terutory, for j
the fiscal year ending 30th June, lyji, $*:2}527 77. I
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended non-concurrence.
Mr. STEVENS, of Washington. I desire to
make an inquiry of the honorable chairman of
the Committee of Ways and Means. I ask him
for what reasons and upon what grounds the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means recommended non-
concurrence in this amendment, making an ap-
propriation to carry into effect an existing law
authorizing a superintendent and three additional
agents in Washington Territory?
Mr SHERMAN. I would ask the gentleman
why, if such an amendment is necessary, it was
not put upon the Indian bill?
Mr. STEVENS, of Washington. Because the
•law was not approved until after the Indian bill
had passed out of the control of the Senate. This
is an appropriation to carry into elTect an existing
law. Now, I have heard much from the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means in
reference to their duty to carry into effect existing
laws; and here is an amendment providing for
carrying into effect a law passed this session, and
yet the honorable chairman of that committee
does not hesitate to try to defeat the appropria-
tion. I trust the amendment will be adopted.
Mr. SHERMAN. When was that lawpassed?
Mr. STEVENS, of Washington. Itwas passed
and approved the last of last month or early this
month.
Mi*. SHERMAN. I may say that I am watch-
ful of the action of this House, yet I was not aware
of the passage of any such law.
Mr. STEVENS, of Washington. I myself
notified the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means that it was passed. It is now a law of
Congress; and I hold the committee to its own
doctune, to -carry into effect an existing law. I
hope the chairman of that committee will give his
assent to the passage of the amendment.
Mr. SHERMAN. As a matter of course, if
we find that such a la<v has been passed, and that
these officers have been appointed, we must pro-
vide the means.
Mr. STEVENS, of Washington. I would
inform the gentleman that not only has the law
passed, but that the officers have been appointed
and their commissions sent on.
Mr. SHERMAN. Who is the superintend-
ent >
Mr. STEVENS, of Washington. William W.
Miller.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think the matter had better
go to a committee of conference, where the law
can be examined.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Thirty-second amendment:
Foi compensation of superintendent of Indian affairs and
three additional agents in Washington Territory, for the
fiscal \ ear ending June 30,1S62, §7,000.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended non-coneurience.
Mr. STEVENS, of Washington. Mr. Chair-
man, I have, of course,no objection to this amend-
ment taking the same course as the last one; -but
I desire to say to the honorable chairman of the
Ways and Means Committee, that when an ap-
propriation comes in here in this way, when the
law has been published in the papers as a law of
Congress, I do not thifik the course of the com-
mittee reflects much credit upon the sagacity, or
upon the attention, of the committee to thcii busi-
ness. I hn\e found a good deal of obstruction
thrown in the way of matters pertaining to Wash-
ington Territory. I found that it was the pur-
pose, last session, to disregard the laws of Con-
gress when the service was struck down then.
An amendment was voted down a little while
since, which was essential to carry into effect a
law of Congress. Judging from my former ex-
perience, I presume the real object of that com-
mittee is to kill this law. I did hope that when
the Administration and the appointments went
into the hands of gentlemen concurring in the
general political views of that gentleman, 1 should
have no more of these obstructions.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
