UQ
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 12,
and to pay him that sum during his natural life,
in lieu of the pension (four dollars per month) to
which he is now entitled by law.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. BURNETT moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to roconsidcr on the table.
'The latter motion was Agreed to.
SUTTON M. YOUNG.
Mr. COBB. I appeal to the House to discharge
the Committee of the Whole House from the
furtherconsiderationof House bill No. 383, grant-
ing an invalid pension to Sutton M. Young, and
to place it upon its passage.
Mr. LEAKE. I object; and move that the
House do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to.
And thereupon'the House (at half past three
o'clock, p. m.) adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Saturday, January 12, 1861.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Guuley.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senate will
come to order. The Secretary will read the 48th
rule of the Senate.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
" 48. No person shall be admitted to the floor of the Sen-
ate, while in session, except as follows, viz: The officcts
of tho Senate, members of the House of Representatives
and their Clerk, the President of the United States and hi#
Private Secretary,Hhe heads of Departments, foreign min-
isters, ex-Presidents and ex-Vice President* of the United
States, ex-Senators, Senators elect, and judges of the Su-
preme Court."
Mr. CAMERON. I move that that rule be
dispensed with.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Will the Senator
from Pennsylvania pause a moment? This is a
rule of the Senate, which has been usually en-
foiced. Under the peculiar circumstanccs that
surround us, there has been some relaxation of
it recently, but not by the connivance of the Pre-
siding Omcur of the body, or by his order. It is
perfectly manifest that it is impossible to proceed
with business, unless this rule be enforced. In
obedience to his duty as Presiding Officer,and at
the request of many Senators this morning, un-
less the unanimous consent of the Senate be given,
it is the painful duty of the Chair to request that
those upon the floor, who do not come within
this rule, shall withdraw.
Mr. TOOMBS. I object.
Mr. PEARCE- There is objection. That
ends it.
Mr. HALE. I want to inquire, as a matter of
practice under that rule, whether it has not been
held to apply to the lobbies and entries leading
from one part of the Chamber to another. I
found some practical inconvenience tins morning
in endeavoring* to get from the Chamber to the
Secretary's office.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Of course it in-
cludes all the avenues from the Senate.
Mr. CAMERON. I hope this rule will be
dispensed with to-day. We have been in the
habit of overlooking it very often, and I think
that so far at least as the ladies are concerned,
we ought to make no objection to their presence.
For many years past, on occasions when distin-
guished Senators on either side have addressed
the Senate on subjects interesting to the country,
we have permitted ladies to come inside of the
Chamber. I found no inconvenience in coming
in this morning, and I came by the usual route.
I found there a great many graceful and beautiful
women. That was no inconvenience; but grat-
ified me, and did me good. I move that the rule,
so far as ladies are concerned, be dispensed with
to-day. I hope there will be no objection.
Mr. TOOMBS. It would have been convenient
to the crowd, perhaps, to do this before; but it
has never been asked, I think, and I am sure
would never have been granted by the Senate;
ccrtainly not bv me. 1 object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The rule can only
be suspended by unanimous consent. Is there
unanimous consent to the suspension of the rule?
Mr. TOOMBS. I said, no, sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair did not
understand the Senator from Georgia. Then the
Chair respectfully requests those on the floor who
do not come within this rule to withdraw.
Mr. CAMERON. May not the rule be dis-
pensed with by a vote of the Senate ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It cannot be done.
The Chair hopes that the gentlemen on the floor
who do not come within the rule, will very
promptly withdraw.
After an interval of seven minutes, during which
the floor was partially cleared of persons not
entitled to admission under the rule—
The VICE PRESIDENT. All clerks of com-
mittees, and other persons connected with the Sen-
ate, and all other persons who do not come within
the rule of the Senate, must leave the floor. The
Chair will not allow the Journal to be read until
the rule is carried out thoroughly on the whole
of this floor, including the cloak-rooms, and the
passage in the rear.
The floor having been cleared of unauthorized
persons, at twenty-two minutes past twelve
o'clock,
The VICE PRESIDENT called the Senate
to order, and ordered the Secretary to read the
Journal.
Th e J ournal of yesterday was read and approved.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
The VICE PRESIDENT signed the enrolled
bill (H. R. No. 693) for the relief of Richard C.
Martin, which had heretofore received the signa-
ture of the Speaker of the House of Representa-
tives.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The following bills from the House of Repre-
sentatives were severally read twice by their
titles, and referred as indicated below:
A bill (No. 488) authorizing: tho holding of cir-
cuit and district courts of the United States for the
southern district of Illinois, at the city of Cairo—
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
A bill (No. 018) for the relief of the heirs of
Noah Wiswall—to the Committee on Public
Lands.
A bill (No. 919) for the relief of F. M. Beau-
champ ami Betsey D.Townsend—to the Commit-
tee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
A bill (No. 9^0) for the relief of Marvin M.
Hickox and A. M. PettingilL of Vigo county,
Indiana—to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
ASSIGNEE 01? DAVID C. BRODERICK.
The bill (II. R. No. 921) for the relief of the
assignee of Hon. David C. Broderick, deceased,
was read twice by its title.
Mr. LATHAM. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of that bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
California asks unanimous consent to proceed to
the consideration of this bill. The Chair hears
no objection.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded, as in Committee of the Whole,to consider
tho bill (IL R. No. 921) for the relief of the as-
signee of Hon. David C. Brodcrick, deceased.
It directs the Secretary of the Senate of the Uni-
ted States to pay out of the contingent fund of
the Senate, to the assignee of Hon. David C.
Broderick, deceased, late a Senator of the United
States, the amount of compensation and salary
due to the deceased at the timo of his death; and
that so much of any act as may conflict with this
act is hereby repealed, in so far as it may inter-
fere with the payment authorized in the first sec-
tion of this act.
Mr. LATHAM. I will state to the Senate 
Mr. BROWN and others. No objection.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
a third reading, read the third time, and passed.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
The VICE PRESIDENT presented the memo-
rial of Ethclbcrt C. Hibben, one of the adminis-
trators of John L. Robinson, late United States
marshal of the district of Indiana, praying the
allowance of certain credits in the settlement of
the said Robinson's official account, incurred by
him in taking the census of that State, and en-
forcing the fugitive slave law as marshal; which
was referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. GWIN presented the petition of AnneM.
Smith, widow of General Persifer F. Smith, pray-
ing compensation for the collection and disburse-
ment.of public money by her late husband while
in command of the military division of the Pa-
cific.; which was referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs and Militia.
Mr. KENNEDY presented a memorial from
citizens of Frederick county, in the State of Mary-
land, praying the adoption of the compromise
measures introduced by Senator Crittenden, be-
lieving that they will restore peace to our country;
which was ordered to he on the table.
Mr. B1GLER presented two petitions of citi-
zens of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, praying the
adoption of the compromise measures introduced
into the Senate by Mr. Crittenden; which were
ordered to lie on the table.
He also presented a petition of citizens of York
county, Pennsylvania, praying the adoption of
the compromise measures introduced into the
Senate by Mr. Crittenden; which was ordered
to lie on the table.
Mr. NICHOLSON presented the petition of
Peter Moran, and other mechanics ana laborers,
praying payment for work done on the public
buildings in New Mexico; which was referred to
the Committee on Finance.
Mr. PUOI-I presented an amended petition of
W. C. Jewett, of Pike's Peak, giving his motives
for desiring a postponement of the Pacific railroad
bill; which was ordered to lie on the table.
SMITHSONIAN INSTITUTION.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I offer the following reso-
lution; and ask for its consideration, if there be
no objection:
Resolved, That the Vice President appoint a member
to fill the vacancy in the Board of Regents of the Smith-
sonian Institution, winch will occur on the 3d day of
March next, by the expiration of the term of Hon. James
A. Plarce.
Mr. HALE objected to the consideration of the
resolution; and it lies over, under the rule.
Mr. PEARCE. I ask leave to submit a joint
resolution, and have it read for the information of
the Senate; and, if a Senator docs not object, to
have it actcd on by the Senate immediately.
Leave was granted; and the Secretary read tho
joint resolution (S. No. 55) for the appointment
of regents of the Smithsonian Institution, as fol-
lows:
Resolved, <$•<:., That the vacancies in the Board of Regents
ot the Smithsonian Institution, of the class "other than
members of Congress," be tilled by the appointment of
George M. Dallas, in place of Richard Rush, deccas-ed;
Wilham 15. Astor, of New Yoik, in the place of Gideon
IJawluy, whose term has expired; and that Cornelius C.
Feiton, of Massachusetts, wiio.se term is about to expire, be
reappointed.
The joint resolution was read a second time.
Mr. PEARCE. I ask the immediate consid-
eration of this joint resolution by the Senate, if
there be no objection.
Mr. HALE'. I object.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot in
the chair.) Objection being made,does the Sena-
tor from Maryland move its reference?
Mr. PEARCE. No, sir.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will lie on
the table.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. DOOL1TTLE asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint reso-
lution (S. No. 56) authorizing Commodore Hiram
Paulding to receive certain marks of distinction
from the Government of Nicaragua; whiclrwas
read twice by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES*
Mr. HUNTER. The Committee on Finance,
to whom was referred the bill (H.R.No. 8G6)to
supply deficiencies in the appropriations for the
service of the fiscal year ending June 31, 1S61,
have instructed me to report it back with amend-
ments. I give notice that I expcct to call it up
some time m the day on Monday.
The amendments were ordered to be printed.
Mr. SEBASTIAN,from the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, to whom was referred the bill (H.
R. No. 127) for the relief ofO. F. D. Fairbanks,
Frederick Dodge, and the Pacific Mail Steamship
Company, reported it without amendment, with
a recommendation that it do pass.
MESSAGE ON THE STATE OF THE UNION.
Mr. GWIN. I hope that the Senate will pro-
ceed to the consideration of the special order for
