1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Ml
one o'clock. The Senator from Now York is
ready to proceed. If there is no other business
before the Senate, I move that the Senate proceed
to the consideration of the special order.
The PRESIDING- OFFICER, It is moved
that the Senate proceed to the consideration of the
President's recent message.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate re-
sumed the consideration of the special message of
the President of the United States, communicated
on the 9th of January, in reference to the state of
the Union, the pending question being on Mr.
Bigler's motion that it be printed.
Mi\ SEWAItD. Mr. President, Congress ad-
journed last summer amid auspices of national
abundance, contentment, tranquillity, and happi-
ness. It was reassembled this winter in the
presence of derangement of business and disturb-
ance of public as well as private credit, and in the
face of seditious combinations to overthrow the
Union. The alarm is appalling; for Union is not
more the body than liberty is the soul of the na-
tion. The American citizen has been accustomed
to believe the Republic immortal. He shrinks
from the sight of convulsions indicative of its
sudden death. The report of our condition has
gone over the seas; and we who have so long and
with much complacency studied the endless agi-
tations of society in the Old World, believing our-
selves exempt from such disturbances, now, in
our turn, seem to be falling into a momentous and
disastrous revolution.
I know how difficult it is to dccide, amid so
many and so various counsels, what ought to be
and even what can be done. Certainly, however,
it is time for every Senator to declare himself. I
therefore, following; the example of the noble Sen-
ator from Tennessee, [Mr. Johnson,] avow my
adherence to the Union in its integrity and with
all its parts, with my friends, with my party, with
my State, with my country, or without either, as
they may determine, in every event, whether or
peace or of war, with every consequence of honor
or dishonor, of life or death. Although I lament
the occasion, I hail with cheerfulness the duty of
lifting up my voice among distracted debates, for
my whole country and its inestimable Union.
Hitherto the exhibitions of spirit and resolu-
tion hcie, as clscwheie, have been chiefly made
on the side of disunion. I do not regret this. Dis-
union is so unexpected and unnatural that it must
plainly reveal itself before its presence can be
realized. I like best, also, the courage that rises
slowly under the pressure of severe provocation.
If it be a Christian duty to forgive to the stranger
even seventy times seven offenses, it is the highest
patriotism to endure without complaint the pas-
sionate waywardness of political brethren so long
as there is hope that they may come to a better
mind.
I think it is easy to pronounce what measures
or conduct will not save the Union. I agree with
the honorable Senator from North Carolina [Mr.
Clingman] that mere eulogiums will not save it.
Yet [ think that as prayer brings us nearer to God,
though it cannot move Him toward us, so there
is healing and saving virtue in every word of de-
votion to the Union that is spoken, and in every
sigh that its danger draws forth. I know, at
least, that, like virtue, it derives strength from
every irreverent act that is committed and every
blasphemous phrase that is uttered against it.
The Union cannot be saved by mutual crimi-
nations concerning our respective share of re-
sponsibility for the present evils. He whose con-
science acquits him will naturally be slow to
accuse others whose cooperation he needs. His-
tory only can adjust the great account.
A continuance of the debate on the constitu-
tional power of Congress over the subject of sla-
very in the Territories will not save the Union.
The opinions of parties and sections on that ques-
tion have become dogmatical, and it is this cir-
cumstance that has produced the existing alien-
ation. A truce, at least during: the debate on the
Union, is essential to reconciliation.
The Union cannot be saved by proving that
secession is illegal or unconstitutional. Persons
bent on that fearful step will not stand long enough
on forms of law to be dislodged; and loyal men do
not need such narrow ground to stand upon.
I fear that little more will be gamed from dis-
cussing the right of the Federal Government to
coerce seccding States into obedience. If dis-
union is to go on, this question^will give place to
the more practical one, whether many seceding
States have a right to coerce the remaining mem-
bers to acquiesce in a dissolution.
I dread, as in my innermost soul I abhor, civil
war. I do not know what the Union would be
worth if saved by the use of the sword. Yet, for
all this, I do not agree with those who, with a
desire to avert that great calamity, advise a con-
ventional or unopposed separation, with a view
to what they call a reconstruction. It is enough
for me, first, that in this plan, destruction goes
before reconstruction; and secondly, that the
strength of the vase in which the hopes of the
nation are held consists chiefly in its remaining
unbroken.
Congressional compromises are not likely to
save the Union. I know, indeed, that tradition
favors this form of remedy. But it is essential
to its succcss, in any case, that there be found a
preponderating mass of citizens, so far neutral on
the issue which separates parties, that they can
intervene, strike down clashing weapons, and
compeianaccommodation. Moderate concessions
are not customarily asked by a force with its guns
in battery; nor are liberal concessions apt to be
given by an opposing force not less confident of
its own rijjht and its own strength. I think, also,
that there is a prevailing conviction that legislative
compromises which sacrifice honestly cherished
principles, while they anticipate future exigencies,
even if they do not assume extra-constitutional
powers, are less sure to avert imminent evils than
thfey are certain to produce ultimately even greater
dangers.
Indeed, Mr. President, I think it will be wise
to discard two prevalent ideas or prejudices,
namely: first, that the Union is to be saved by
somebody in particular; and secondly, that it is
to be saved by some cunning and insincere com-
pact of pacification. If I remember rightly, I said
something like this here so long aaiefas 1850, and
afterwards in 1854. kjr
The pi esent danger disclosesitself in this form.
Discontented citizens have obtained political
power in certain States, and they are using this
authority to overthrow the Federal Government.
They delude themselves with a belief that the
State power they have acquired enables them to
discharge themselves of allegiance to the whole
Republic. The honorable Senator from Illinois
[Mr. Douglas] says we have a right to coerce a
Stnte, but we cannot. The President says that
no State has a right to secede, but we have no
constitutional power to make war against a State.
The dilemma results from an assumption that
those who, in such acase,act against the Federal
Government, act lawfully as a State; although
manifestly they have perverted the power of the
State to an unconstitutional purpose. A class of
politicians in New England set up this theory
and attempted to practice upon it in our war with
Great Britain. Mr. Jefferson did not hesitate to
say that States must be kept within their consti-
tutional sphere by impulsion, if they could not be
held there by attraction. Secession was then
held to be inadmissible in the face of a public ene-
my. But if it is untenable in one case, it is neces-
sarily so in all others. I fully admit the origin-
ality, the sovereignty,and the independence of the
several States within their sphere. But I hold
the Federal Government to be equally original,
sovereign, and independent within its sphere.
And the government of the State can no more
absolve the people residing within its limits from
allegiance to the Union, than the Government of
the Union can absolve them from allegiance to
the State. The Constitution of the United States,
and the laws made in pursuance thereof, are the
supreme law of the land, paramount to all legis-
lation of the States, whether made under the Con-
stitution, or by even their organic conventions.
The Union can be dissolved, not by secession,
with or without armed force, but only by the vol-
untary consent of the people of the United States,
collected in the manner prescribed by the Consti-
tution of the United States.
Congress, in the present case, ought not to be
impassive. It ought, if it can, to redress any
real grievances of the offended States, and then it
ought to supply the President with oil the means
necessary to maintain the Union in the full exhi-
bition and discreet exerciae of its authority. Be-
yond this, with the proper activity on the part of
the Executive, the responsibility-of saving thro
Union belongs to the people, and they are abun-
dantly competent to discharge it. .
I propose, therefore, with great deference, to
address myself to the country uppn the moment-
ous subject, asking a hearing, not less from the
people within what are called the seceding, than
from those who reside within the adhering States.
Union isan old, fixed, settled habit of the Amer-
ican people, resulting from convictions of its
necessity, and therefore not likely to be hastily
discarded. The early States, while existing;as colo-
nies, were combined, though imperfectly, through
a common allegiance to the British Crown. "When
that allegiance ceased, no one was so presumptu-
ous as to suppose political existence compatible
with disunion; and, therefore, on the same day
that they declared themselves independent, they
proclaimed themselves also confederated States.
Experience in war and in peace, from 1776 until
1787, only convinced them of the necessity of con-
verting that loose Confederacy into a morepcrfect
and a perpetual Union. They acted with a cooi-
ncss very different from the intemperate conduct
of those who now on one side threaten, and those
who on the other rashly defy disunion. They con-
sidered the continuance of the Union as a subject
comprehending nothing less than the safety and
welfare of all the parts of which the country was
composed, and the fate of an empire in many re-
spects the most interesting in the world. I enter
upon the subject of bontinuing the Union now,
deeply impressed with the same generous and
loyal conviction. How could it be otherwise,
when, instead of only thirteen, the country is now
composed of thirty-three parts; and the empire
embraces, instead of only four million, no less
than thirty million inhabitants.
The founders of the Constitution moreover
regarded the Union as no mere national or Amer-
ican interest. On the- contrary, they confessed
with deep sensibility that it seemed to them to
have been reserved for the people of this country
to decide whether societies of men are really capa-
ble of establishing good government upon reflec-
tion and choice, or whether they are forever des-
tined todepend for their political constitutions on
accident and force. They feared, therefore, that
their failure to continue and perfect the Union
would be a misfortune to the nations. Plow much
more, sir, would its overthrownowbeacalamity
to mankind!
Some form of government is indispensable here
as elsewhere. Whatever form we have, every
individual citizen and every State must cede to it
some natural rights, to invest the Government
with the requisite power. The simple question,
therefore, for us now to decide, while laying aside
all pique, passion, and prejudice, is: whether it
conduces more to the interests of the people of
this country to remain, for the general purposes
of peace and war, commerce inland and foreign,
postal communications at home and abroad, the
care and disposition of the public domain, coloni-
zation, the organization and admission of new
States, and, generally, the enlargement of empire,
one nation under our present Constitution, than it
would to divide themselves into separate Confed-
eracies or States.
Our country remains now as it was in 1787—
composed not of detached and distant Territories,
but of one whole well-connected and fertile region
lying within the temperate zone, with climates
and soils hardly more various than thoseof France
or of Italy. This slight diversity quickens and
amplifies manufacture and commerce. Our rivers
and valleys, as improved by art, furnish us a sys-
tem of highways unequaletl in the world. 'The
different forms of labor, if slavery were not per-
verted to purposes of political ambition, need not
constitute an element of strife in the Confederacy.
Notwithstanding recent vehement expressions
and manifestations of in tolerance in some quarters,
produced by intense partisan excitement, we are, in
fact, a homogeneous people, chiefly of one stock,
with accessions well assimilated. "We have, prac-
tically, only one language, one religion, one sys-
tem of Government, and manners and customs
common to all. Why, then, shall we not remain
henceforth, as hitherto, one people?
The first object of every human society is safety
or security, for which, if need be, they will, and
they must, sacrifice every other. This security
is of two kinds: one, exemption from foreign
