1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
that the constituted authorities of the Government
have taken, or are taking, efficient measures to
put a stop to or punish such proceedings, or to
prevent their repetition and indefinite extension.
They state also that they learn that certain meas-
ures have been urged upon Congress having
mainly in view the extension and perpetuation of
slavery as a means of buying off the perpetrators
of the above-stated outrages from continuing and
aggravating them. They are convinced that such
measures will not have the desired effect; and that
it is due to the integrity of our Government, as
well as to the ltuv-abiding citizens who claim its
protection, that the laws should be enforced, "and
that the Federal Constitution, the rights of the
States* and the Union of the States, shall be pre-
served;" and they pray Congress to place at the
disposal of the President of the United States such
means in men and money as -may be necessary
for the purpose, and call upon him to enforce the'
laws; to reinforce the forts threatened by rebels;
to recapture (if not peaceably delivered up on de-
mand) the forts ana munitions of war of which
the Government has been robbed; to take meas-
ures to bring traitors to trial and punishment; and
generally to see to it that the Republic rcccives
no detriment at the hands of rebels and traitors.
They protest against the consideration by Con-
gress of any proposition for amending the Con-
stitution, with a view to conciliate States which
are in open rebellion, or which threaten rebellion
if their demands be not complied with, until such
States shall have returned to their allegiance and
have withdrawn their threats of rebellion; and
especially protesting against the enactment of any
law, or the adoption of any proposition for amend-
ing the Constitution, which has in view the ex-
tension of human slavery. 1 move that the peti-
tion lie on the table.
It was so ordcied.
Mr. WILKINSON also presented resolutions
of the Legislature of Minnesota, in favor of an
appropriation for the relief of the starving inhab-
itants of Kansas; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance-
He aiso presented a memorial of the Legisla-
ture of Minnesota, in favor of the establishment
of a mail route from St, Cloud, in that State, to
the city of Superior, in Wisconsin; which was
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
He also presented a memorial of citizens of
Medilia, Minnesota, protesting against the enact-
ment of any law, or the adoption of any proposi-
tion, which has in view the extension of slavery;
which was ordered to lie on the table.
He also presented a memorial of citizens of St.
Paul, Minnesota, protesting against the enact-
ment of any law, or the adoption of any propo-
sition, which has in view the extension of sla-
very; which was ordered to lie on the table.
He also presented a memorial of citizens of
McLeod county, Minnesota, protesting against
the enactment of any law, or the adoption of any
proposition, which has in view the extension of
slavery; which was ordered to lie on the table.
He also presented a memorial of citizens of
Winnebago City, Minnesota, protesting against
the enactment ot any law, or the adoption of any
proposition, which has in view the extension of
slavery; which was ordered to lie on the table.
He also presented a petition of citizens of Lex-
ington, Minnesota, protesting against the enact-
ment of any law, or the adoption of any propo-
sition, which has in view the extension of slavery;
which was ordcied to he on the table.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
Waterviile, Minnesota, protesting against the en-
actment of any law.or the adoption of any propo-
sition, which has in view the extension of slavery;
which was ordered to lie on the table.
He also presented a petition of citizens of New-
burg, Minnesota, protesting against the enactment
of any law, or the adoption of any proposition,
which has in view the extension of slavery; which
was ordered to he on the table.
He also presented a memorial of citizens of
Farnbault, Minnesota, protesting against the en-
actment of any law, or the adoption of any propo-
sition, which has jn view the extension of slavery;
which was ordered to lie on the table.
He also presented a memorial of citizens of the
Slate of Minnesota, protesting against the enact-
ment of any law, or the adoption of any proposi-
tion, which has in view the extension of slavery;
which was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Mr. President, at the
instance of a very venerable and distinguished
lady of the State of New York, it becomes my
duty, this morning, to present the petition of her-
self and a very laige number of the women of the
United States. I am told the number is about
fourteen thousand; and they are from the States
of New York, Pennsylvania, Maryland, Ohio,
Indiana, New Jersey, Delaware, Illinois, Ver-
mont, New Hampshire, North Carolina, and the
District of Columbia, praying Congress to take
such measures as wisdom and patriotism may
dictate to restore peace and reconcile existing
difficulties. I present this petition to the serious
consideration of the Senate; and such, I think, it
is entitled to, not only by the character of the pe-
titioners,but by the critical condition of our coun-
try, to which it applies. I hope, sir, that it will
be very respectfully and gravely regarded by the
Senate of the United States. It is not the first
instance in history that the interposition of wo-
man has prevented the horrors of war. We have
it in Roman history, that when the Sabines and
the Romans were engaged in battle, the Sabine
women rushed between the contending hosts, and
tlieir arms fell down from their hands, and peace
was restored. We can hardly hope for such
cffcctsto be produced by their interposition in this
form; but I yet hope that it may have some influ-
ence upon the sterner nature of man, and incline
us to a more humane, peaceable, and patriotic
consideration of the great subject which the peti-
tion presents to us.
I know, sir, the precious value of every moment
of the time of the Senate. I forbear, therefore, to
make further observations on this subject. I will
ask, out of respect to these petitioners, however,
that their petition may be read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
To the Senate and Rcprescntatives'of the United States of
•America in Congress assembled:
This memorial, pre^-ent^d by Emma Willard, in the name
and by the authouty of Amcucan women, respectfully rep-
resents :
That weave impelled to address your honorable body by
intense anxiety for the fate of our beloved country, now, in
the conflict of opinions, threatened with destruction. His-
toiy is not without examples that, when deadly stnt'e was
raging among men, women came between the hostile par-
tie*, and pcisuadcd them to peace. So would we do now;
and we have hopes that your honoiable. body will receive
our memorial with favor, as coming from that sex whose
mission on eaith is peace, duty, and uphteousness.
Our hope and our pra>er i^, that Uih noble country, our
nursing mother, oui protection, and our ptide, may be pre-
served entire. A continent in extent, an inland in security,
its haibors opening on the gre.it oceans, it exceeds, m geo-
graphical position, and commeicial advantage*, any nation
of the present or the past. And while such is its gtound-
piat, fGovernment h not the mere chance-offspring of
necessity, but delibeiately devised from the teachings of all
pa-t ages, by men of the highest intellectual and mora!
"-tamp, with Washington at then head, and who, with pums
iieaits, sought yet highet guidance m the wisdom of God.
And that their design to make a better government than
any winch had gone bcfoie was nuunphantly achieved, i<<
proved by our unpai.ilieied siowth and prosperity under it
—our hbeir.v and security united; to that our beloved Amer-
ica became the envy and admiration of oth^r nations—a
warning to the oppicssor, and a beacon light to the op-
pie&fced.
Thus it has been ; but now the picture is reversed ; the
pall ot daikness is over us ; the frown of God is upon u*.
Wiong is in our bordei s ; for not more certainly may it be
known that tempestuous winds have ansen when the sea
is Ja*hed into foam, than it may he known, by these upheav-
ing?) of society, that evil passions have been at woik, pro-
ducing amone us uncharitableness and hatred.
The question which we now beseech your honorable
body deeply to consider is, by what means may we, as a
Chustian people, regain the favor of God, return to the
biotheily love which once blessed us, and bcagaifi n united
and happy people
Out humble petition is, that those to whom, in our fee-
bleness, we look for help, will not allow paity or sectional
prejudices to prevail over a spirit of mutual conciliation.
VVe pray jou lor our sake, and m the name of every endear-
ing tie which binds man to woman, a« father, protector,
biother, and friend, not to abandon us to feel that we and
our children are, by needless animosities, to lose the noble
political lnheiiuince left us by the valor and wisdom of our
common fathers ; hut that the grand fabric which they con-
structed may be preserved, with equal talents and virtues,
by their descendants: for which jour petitioners will ever |
devoutly pray.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I move that the memo-
rial lie on the table.
It was so 01 dorcd.
Mr. TRUMBULL presented the petition of
Robert H. Day-ami others, citizens of Mercer
county, Illinois, without distinction of party, re-
questing Congress to stand firm for the Union, the
Constitution, and the enforcement of the laws;
which was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. WILSON presented the petition of John
M. Seaward and others, citizens of Natick, Mas-
sachusetts, for the Constitution, the Union, and
the enforcementof the laws, and againstany com-
promise; which was ordered to lie on the table.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN.
Mr. GRIMES. I ask leave to withdraw the
papers in the case of Hetty G. Dorr, daughter of
John D. Alvey,a postmaster of the revolutionary-
army, praying the benefit of the laws passed for
the relief of the officers and soldiers of the revo-
lutionary war, upon which an adverse report lias
been made; but the report has not been agreed to
by the Senate. I will state that the only object
of withdrawing the papers is, to retain in the fam-
ily some original autograph letters of General
Washington, General Knox, and other worthies
of the Revolution.
Leave was granted, by unanimous consent.
On motion of Mr. LATHAM, it was  
Ordered, That leave be granted to withdraw from the files
of the Senate the vouchers and papers which accompanied
the bill (II. R. No. 299) to provide for the payment of ex-
penses incurred in the suppression of Indian 'hostilities iu
the State of California.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. THOMSON, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No.
311) for the relief of Mrs. Mary Ann Henry,
reported it without amendment.
Mr. FITCH, from the Committee on Printing,
to whom was referred a motion to print the pre-
amble and resolutions adopted at a mass meeting
of the workingmen of Philadelphia, held in Inde-
pendence square, January 26,1861, relative to the
disturbed state of the country, asked to be dis-
charged from its further consideration; which was
agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a motion to print the report of the
Secretary of the Navy, in answer to a resolution
of the Senate, in relation to the Chiriqui Improve-
ment Company, asked to be discharged from its
further consideration; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a motion to print the petition of the
committee of thirty-three appointed at the mass
meeting of workingmen held in Philadelphia, in
Independence square, on Saturday evening, Jan-
uary 26, 1861, praying for the adoption of the
compromise measures proposed by Hon. Mr.
Crittenden, asked-to be discharged from its fur-
ther consideration; which was agreed to.
Mr. FITCH. The same committee, to whom
was referred the motion to print the memorial of
William Rabe, secretary of the Pacific railroad
convention, praying for the passage of the Pacific
railroad bill, have instructed me to ask that they
be dischaiged from its further consideration.- I
understand from the Senator from California, that
leave is desired by the memorialist to withdraw
the papers. I move that lie have leave to with-
draw them.
Leave was granted.
Mr. FlTCIi. The same committee, to whom
was referred a motion to print a letter of the act-
ing Secretary of the Interior, communicating re-
ports and maps of F. W. Lander, superintendent
of the Fort Kearny, South Pass, and Honey Lake
wagon road, have instructed mo to ask that the
committee be discharged, as the House of Repre-
sentatives has already ordered the printing of the
document.
The committee were discharged.
METROPOLITAN GAS COMPANY.
Mr. WILSON. I am directed by the Commit-
tee on the District of Columbia to report back
House bill No. 522, to incorporate the Metropoli-
tan Gas-Light Company, in the District of Co-
lumbia, with a recommendation that it pass, and
with a request that it be put on its passage.
There being no objection, the bill (H. R. No.
552) to incorporate the Metropolitan Gas Light
Company, m the District of Columbia, was con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole.
The Secretaiy commenced to read the bill.
Mr. CLARK. I hardly think it is worth while
to take up the time of the Senate to read that bill
through. I examined the bill carefully this morn-
ing, and I believe it provides for nathing unusual
