1802
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
in such cases. It provides for the establishment
of a gas company, with liberty to lay pipes in th%
streets, under the direction of the corporation of
the city of Washington, and to manufacture gas,
with a provision that their capital stock shall not
be over $200,000, and a further provision that
they shall not exercise the powers of banking. I
think that is all there is of it. I have examined
it carefully, and I do not think it is worth while
to take up the time of the Senate in reading it.
The committee were unanimous—all the members
who were present—in recommending that it should
pass.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
Mr. BIGLER subsequently moved to recon-
sider the vote on the passage of the bill; and the
motion was entered.
LEWIS WARRINGTON.
Mr. HALE. 1 am instructed by the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs, to whom was referred the
petition of Lewis Warrington, paymaster in the
United States Navy, praying that his accounts
may be settled upon principles of justice and
equity, and the bill (S. No. 565) for the relief of
Lewis Warrington, paymaster United States
Navy, to coport the bill back with amendments.
As this is a very brief bill, and Mr. Warrington's
accounts are suspended at the Treasury Depart-
ment, on account of the detention of his papers by
the powers that have seized the Pensacola navy-
yard, I ask that it be put on its passage now.
By unanimous consent, the bill (S. No. 565) for
the relief of Lewis Warrington, paymaster Uni-
ted States Navy, was considered as in Committee
of the Whole.
The Committee on Naval Affairs reported the
bill with amendments.
The first amendment was, after the word 44 seiz-
ure," to insert 44and detention;" so as to read,
44 incurred in consequencc of the forcible seizure
and detention of the papers," &c.
The next amendment was, to add at the end of
the bill the following proviso:
Provided, Tim? the Seerctaiy of the Navy shall Ik- satis-
fied that said Warrington's vouchers are impioperly with-
held from him.
The amendments wqre agreed to.
The bill as amended provides:
That the ptuper uecomiting wihei-i^ of tin- TieuMiiy be,
and theyaie hereby, niuinnt/.eii nnd dneeied, in the; M'lile-
lucnt of fhe accounts of 1 ,cu is Wni rin<xton, as paymaster
of the Pensacola nav\ } aril, wiioie the piopei vouchee can-
not bo produced, to leoeivc and allow r-tatement^ veutied
by his oath, ot expenditures oi low.-, uic'urodin conse-
quence of the forcible sei/uie and detention of the papers
and property of the (Jovermnent at sud \aid, by the mili-
tary of the State of Florida : Provided, That the Societary
of the Navy shall be satisfied that .-aid Waning ton's vouch-
ers are impioperly withheld trom hun.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended;
and the amendments were concurred in, and the
bill ordered to be engrossed for a third reading.
It was reucl the third tune, and passed.
LEAVENWORTH ISLAND.
Mr. WADE. 1 move to take up the bill (S.
No. 19) legalizing certain entries of lands on Leav-
enworth island, m the State of Missouri.
The motion was agreed to; and thu bill was
considered as in Committee of the Whole. As
ougmully introduced by Mr. Wauk, it proposed
to make valid all entries of lands lying in the
Statu of Missouri embraced within the island op-
posite Leavenworth City, known as Leavenworth
island, heretofore entered at /vicknpoo, m tho Del-
aware distnet of Kansas Territory, m the same
manner as if made in the proper land district of
Missouri.
The Committee on Public Lands reported it
back with an amendment to strike out all of the
bill after the enacting clause, and insert:
That ail preemption entries heretofore made in good
faith at the land office at Kickapoo, m the Delawate land
district, Kansas Territory, of lands embtacod within the
island opposite Leavenworth City, known as Leavenworth
island, in the State of Missouri, be, and the same are hereby,
declared valid, in the same mantiei as- if made in the propei
landdistnctofthe State or Missouu. Prodded, «uch eutiios
shall be found by the Seereraiv of the Interior, in ail other
respects to be m accoidance with the pieemptiou law.
Mr. KING. 1 should like to know it there is
a report in that case.
Mr. WADE, 1 presume when 1 make a state-
k.- ment the Senator will be satisfied.
Mr. KING. I have had some information from
Indians there in relation to their lands.
Mr. WADE. This has nothing to do with
that. There was some dispute as to what State
and land district Leavenworth island belonged to,
and the original entries were made informally in
the wrong district. Private individuals alone are
concerned in it. The Senator from Missouri,
[Mr. Greek,] not now in his seat, objected for
some time to the passage of the bill, because he
thought, perhaps there were objections to it; but
the original draft of the bill was sent to the Land
Office, and they suggested the very amendment
proposed by the Committee on Public Lands, and
said there could be no objection to it in that shape.
The Senator from Missouri has withdrawn his
objection; and he told me yesterday morning that
I might get it up any time I could, and have it
passed. There is no objection to it. It is barely
to correct a mistake in the entries.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate, as amended,
and the amendment was concurred in. The bill
was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time.
It was read the third time, and passed.
SUSPENSION OF JOINT RULES.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Fornf.y, Us Clerk, announced that the
House had passed a resolution to suspend the
16th and 17th joint rules so far as relates to a bill
of the House of Representatives (No. 1007) declar-
ing the value of the new silver florin, of Austria.
The Senate proceeded to consider the resolu-
tion; and it was concurred in.
BILLS BECOME LAWS.
The message further announced that the Pres-
dentof the United States had approved and signed,
on the 27th ultimo, the following bills:
A bill (H. II. No. 435) to refund to the Terri-
tory of Utah the expenses incurred in suppress-
ing" Indian hostilities in the year 1853; and
A bill (II. II. No. ?]4) establishing certain post
routes.
Also, that the President had approved and
signed a bill (H J\. No. 864) making appropria-
tions for the consular and diplomatic expenses of
the Government, for the year ending June 30,1862.
ntlNTTNG OF DOCUMENTS.
The message further announced that the House
had ordered on the 2ftth of February the printing
of a letter from the Secretary of War, communi-
cating an estimate for collating results of the San
Juan exploring expedition — ordered at eleven
o'clock and twenty minutes.
Also, that the following documents were ordered
to be printed by the House, March 1, 1861:
A letter from the Secretary of the interior,
transmitting information in relation to the claim
of Hon. II. M. Rice—ordered at eleven o'clock
and twenty minutes.
A letter from the Secretary of the Navy, trans-
mitting a statement of the clerks and others em-
ployed m that Department — ordered at eleven
o'clock and twenty minutes
A letter from the Secretary of the Navy, trans-
mitting a statement showing the pay of olficers of
the Navy and marine corps—ordered at eleven
o'clock and twenty minutes.
A. letter from the Secretary of the Treasury,
transmitting a statement of the condition of the
banks throughout the Union—ordered at eleven
o'clock and twenty-nine minutes.
LAND OFFICE AT OLYMPIA.
Mr. BRAGG. I ask leave of the Senate to take
up House bill No. 043, to provide for bringing up
the arrearages of work of the land office at Olym-
pia, Washington Territory. It is a small bill,
which I think will not consume much time.
The motion to take up the bill was agreed to;
and it was considered as in Committee of the
Whole. It proposes to authorize the Secretary
of the Tnterioi to make such allowances for cler-
ical services m bringing up the arrearages of bus-
iness at the land office at Olympia, Washington
Territory, including payment of clerical services
already necessarily incuired, as, on the produc-
tion ot the proper evidence, he may deem equit-
able and just, the amount not to exceed the sum
of three thousand dollais, and to be paid out of
the appi opriation for incidental expenses of dis-
trict land offices."
Mr. KING. I inquire whether there is any
report or statement of facts in connection with
that bill ?
Mr. BRAGG. I will say to the Senator from
New York, that there is a report from the com-
mittee of the House of Representatives. The re-
portfrom the Senate committee was verbal merely,
and I believe that the committee unanimously
agreed that the bill ought to pass.
Mr. KING. I should like to hear the report
read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair is in-
formed by the Secretary, that there is no report
with the bill.
Mr. KING. I think there should be some ex-
planation of abill of that sort, appropriating $3,000
for clerk hire in a territorial land office.
Mr. BRAGG. Perhaps I was under a mistake
in saying to the Senator from New York that
ihere was a report from the House committee.
It was my impression that there was; but there
are letters from the Department recommending the
passage of this bill. They are on file, and can be
read for the information of the Senator, if he de-
sires. It was upon the information contained in
those letters that the committee acted.
Mr. KING. I should like to hear some state-
ment showing the propriety of this. We ought
not to pay $3,000 for nothing. If there is a letter
from the Department, let us hear it.
The Secretary read the following letters:
General Land Office, January 7 1861.
Sir: In compliance with your oral request, I have the
honor to inclose, Herewith, copies of letters addressed to
this officc by the register of the land office at Olympia,
Washington Tenitory, on the subject of an allowance for
clerical services at his office, dated respectively, 22d and
23d April, 8th August, arid 1st October, 1860.
With great respect, your obedient seivant,
JOSEPH S. WILSON,
Commissioner.
Hon. 1.1. Stevens, House of Representatives.
Register's Office,
Olympia, Washington Territory, April 23, 1860.
Sir : In a circular fioin the General Land Ofiice, dated
June 30, 1857, it is stated that, " by the act of Congiess,
appioved August 18,18oG, the Secietary of the lnterioi is
authorized to grant Ihe offices of registers and receivers
such additional clerical services as he may find indispens-
able for the tiansaction of puhhc business; and the officer
requiting such assistance id directed to make aieport of all
the tacts indicating the natme and extent of the service
required."
1 theiefoie beg leave to submit the following statement
of the condition of this office •
1 find, by the index, that fifteen hundred and sixty-six
notifications tor donation claims have been filed in this
ofhee.
With these notification* should be filed the affidavits of
witnesses, the final proofs of the settlers, and all papers
connected with the claim.
By the instructions to this office, it i-> required that all
these papers, with the corresponding notifications, should
be attached together, so as to form a tiaet book, until tins
book should be regularly opened.
No duplicates have therefoiebeen made,except in the few
cases when the papeis have been forwaided to Washing-
ton, and those papeis ate therefore the only evidence to
•show that the settlor has complied with the piovi&xons of
the law.
As the evidence of cultivation and possession has been
foiwaidcd fiom tunc to time, it has been loosely wrapped
in the notification and the whole filed away in pigeon-
holes.
In many cases the proofs, &c., have been misplaced, for,
with some of my predecessois, it lias been the custom to
allow any who wished it, to examine and overhaul the
pigeon-holes, and to take such papers as they wi&hed to
their rooms.
It is suspe.eted that in some instances the papers have
been stolen by interested parties; and in others it is known
that they have been lost through carelessness, or sulteied to
lie for over a year m the ofiice, when they wore ready to be
sent to the Land Office.
All donation claimants in this Territory have now ac-
quired their title by four years* residence, and ovet thirteen
bundled claims are now, or will shoitly be, presented to
the consideration of this ofiice; and it is made the duty of
the register to copy all the papers when the title has been
perfected, and fonvard them to Washington, with the de-
positions of witnesses on disputed claims, and an accom-
panying report when the case is appealed.
For over a year, the platting of claims on the township
maps has been neglected ; and the maps themselves, as there
has been no suitable place to keep them, have been torn
and mutilated. Duplicates are, in many cases, absolutely
necessary.
The cause assumed by the last register was, that he had
no platting instruments. .
Settleisare required within tlnee months after survey,
and on due notice by the legistci and receiver, to appear
bcloie them and adjust their chum-. These notices have
been neglected for ovei a ^eai; and, consequently, the
business of this nature lemaming unadjusted is suilicieut
to occupy our whole tune.
Theie have been no letums from this office since Au-
gust, and the lottos ot the Depaitment returning
papeis foi coirection,have not been answered. These cor-
