344
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 12,
being, by abuse of the laws, carried into slavery,
X agree that all laws of -the States, whether free
States or slave States, which relate to this class
of persons, or any others recently coming from
or resident in other States, and which laws con-
travene the Constitution of the United States, or
any law of Congress passed in conformity thereto,
ought to be repealed.
Secondly. Experience inpublicaffairs has con-
firmed my opinion, that domestic slavery, exist-
ing in any State, is wisely left by the Constitu-
tion of the United States exclusively to the care,
management, and disposition of that State; and
if it were in-ray power, I would not alter the Con-
stitution in that respect. If misapprehension of
my-position needs so strong a remedy, I am will-
ing to vote for an amendment of the Constitution,
declaring that it shall not, by any future amend-
ment, be so altered as to confer on Congress a
power to abolish or interfere with slavery in any
State.
Thirdly. While I think that Congress has
exclusive and sovereign authority to legislate on
all subjects whatever, in the common Territories
of the United States; and while I certainly shall
never, directly or indirectly, give my vote to es-
tablish or sanction slavery in such Territories,
or anywhere else in the world, yet the ques-
tion what constitutional laws shall at any time be
passed in regard to the Territories, is, like every
other question, to be determined on practical
grounds. I voted for enabling acts in the cases
of Oregon, Minnesota, and Kansas, without
being able to secure in them such provisions as
I would have preferred; and yet I voted wisely.
So now, I am well satisfied that, under existing
circumstances, a happy and satisfactory solu-
tion of the difficulties in the remaining Territo-
ries would be obtained by similar laws, pro-
viding for their organization, if such organiza-
tion were otherwise practicable. If, therefore,
Kansas were admitted as a State, untjer the Wy-
andotte constitution, as 1 think she ought to be,
and if the organic laws of all the other Tcirito-
ries could be repealed, I could vote to authorize
the organization and admission of two new States
which should include them, reserving the right lo
effect subdivisions of them whenever necessary
into several convenient States; but I do not find
that such reservations could be constitutionally
made. Without them, the ulterior embarrass-
ments which would result from the hasty incor-
poration of States of such vast extent and various
interests and character would outweigh all the
immediate advantages of such a measure. But
if the measure were practicable, I should prefer
a different course, namely: when the eccentric
movements of secession and disunion shall have
ended, in whatever form that end may come, and
the angry excitements of the hour shall have sub-
sided, and calmness once more shall have resumed
its accustomed sway over the public mind, then,
andnotuntil then—one, two, or three yearshence
—1 should cheerfully advise a convention of the
people, to be assembled m pursuance of the Con-
stitution, to consider and decide whether any and
what amendments of the organic national law
ought to be made. A Republican now—as I have
heretofore been a member of other parties exist-
ing in my day—I nevertheless hold and cherish,
as I have always done, the principle that this
Government exists in its present form only by
the consent of the governed, and that it is as ne-
cessary as it is wise, to resort to the people for re-
visions of the organic law when the troubles and
dangers of the State certainly transcend the pow-
ers delegated by it to the public authorities. Nor
ought the suggestion to excite surprise. Govern-
ment in any form is a machine; this is the most
complex one that the mind of man has ever in-
vented, or the hand of man has ever framed. Per-
fect as it is, it ought to be expected that it will,
at least as often as once'in a century, require
some modification to adapt it to the changes of
society and alternations of empire.
Fourthly. I hold myself ready now, as always
heretofore, to voteforany properly-guarded laws
which shall be deemed necessary to prevent mu-
tual invasions of States by citizens of other States,
and punish those who shall aid and abet them.
Fifthly. Notwithstanding the arguments of the
fallant Senator from Oregon, [General Lane,]
remain of theopinioij that physical bonds, such
as highways, railroads, rivers, and canals, are
vastly more powerful for holding civil commu-
nities together than any mere covenants, though
written on parchment or engraved upon iron. 1
remain, therefore, constant to my purpose to se-
cure, if possible, the construction of two Pacific
railways, one of which shall connect the ports
around the mouths of the Mississippi, and the
other the towns oil the Missouri and the Lakes,
with the harbors on our western coast.
If, in the expression of these views, I have not
proposed what is desired or expected by many
others, they will do me the justice to believe that
I am as far from having suggested what in many
respects would have been in harmony with cher-
ished convictions of my own. I learned early
from Jefferson, that in political affairs we cannot
always do what seems to us absolutely best.
Those with whom we must necessarily act, enter-
taining different views, have the power and the
right of carrying them into practice. We must
bo content to lead when we can, and to follow
when we cannot lead; and if we cannot at any
time do for our country all the good that we
would wish, we must be satisfied with doing for
her all the good that we can.
Having submitted my own opinions on this
great crisis, it remains only to say that I shall
cheerfully lend to the Government my best sup-
port in whatever prudent yet energetic efforts it
shall make to preserve the public peace, and to
maintain and preserve the Union; advising, only,
that it practice as far as possible the utmost mod-
eration, forbearance, and conciliation.
And now, Mr. President, what are the auspices
of the country? I know that we arc in the midst
of alarms, and somewhat exposed to accidents
unavoidable in seasons of tempestuous passions.
We already have disorder; and violence has begun.
1 know not to what extent it may so. Still my
faith in the Constitution and in the Union abides,
because my faith in the wisdom and virtue of the
American people remains unshaken. Coolness,
calmness, and resolution, are elements of their
character. They have been temporarily displaced;
but they are reappearing. Soon enough, I trust,
for safety, it will be seen that sedition and vio-
lence are only local and temporary, and that loy-
alty and affection to the Union are the natural
sentiments of the whole country. Whatever dan-
gers there shall be, there will be the determina-
tion to meet them; whatever sacrifices, private or
public, shall bo needful for the Union, they will be
ipade. I feel sure that the hour has not come for
this groat nation to fall. This people, which has
been studying to become wiser and better as it
has grown older, is not perverse or%vicked enough
to deserve so dreadful and severe a punishment
as dissolution. This Union has not yet accom-
plished what good for mankind was manifestly
designed by Him who appoints the seasons and
prescribes the duties of States and empires. No,
sir; if it were cast down by faction to-day, it
would rise again and reappear in all its majestic
propoi tions to-morrow. It is the only Government
that can stand here. Woe! Woe! to the man that
madly lifts his hand against it. It shall continue
and endure; and men, in after times, shall declare
that this generation, which saved the Union from
such sudden and unlooked-for dangers, surpassed
in magnanimity even that one which laid its
foundations in the eternal principles of liberty,
justice, and humanity.
Mr. GWIN. I move that the Senate do now
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.  
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
saturftat, January 19, 1861.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. Dr. Nevin, of Philadelphia.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
PRIVATE LAND CLAIMS IN NEW MEXICO.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the Secretary of the Interior,
transmitting, for the action of Congress, contem-
plated by the eighth section of the act of July 22,
1854, the transcript of five private land claims in
New Mexico, designed for the House of Repre-
sentatives, as indicated by the letter of the Com-
missioner ofMhe General Land Office of the 29th
ultimo; which was referred to the Committee on
Private Land Claims, and ordered to be printed.
INDIAN DEPREDATIONS IN OREGON.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
communication from the War Department, in an-
swer to the resolution of the House of Represent-
atives, of December 17,1860, relative to depreda-
tions by Indians in Oregon; which was laid on
the table and ordered to be printed.
OCCUPATION OP PUBLIC BUILDINGS.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. I find by the Con-
stitution of this morning a statement that, by
order of General Scott, a detachment of United
States troops has taken possession of the sub-
treasury, post office, and custom-house buildings
in St. Louis, Missouri. I want to make an ex-
planation to the House, in order that this intelli-
gence may not work mischief to the country. It
may not be generally known that the post office,
sub-treasury, and custom-house in St. Louis, are
all in the same building. I know not whether the
statement is true. The people of Missouri have
been, so far, quiet and loyal to the Union. Her
Legislature is now in session, and is engaged in
taking steps to redress the grievances under which
we labor, and to present to the American people,
and to the authorities of the several States, what
we regard as necessary for the perpetuity of the
Union. We make no threats; but we are determ-
ined to take such steps as we think our honor and
safety require. We propose to do this in our own
way and at our own time. I offer the following
resolution 
Mr. LOVEJOY. I object.
The SPEAKER. Let the resolution be read
for information.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Resolved, That the Secretary ofWar be requested tocom
municate to this House, whether the post office, sub-treas-
ury, and custom-house, or cither of them, situate in the
city of St. Louis, Missouri, have been taken possession of
by a detachment of United States troops, and if so, by whose
orders; and whether any attempt by the citizens or State
authorities of Missomi, to improperly interfere with said
buildings or piopjrty, were threatened or made, before tiie
same were taken possession of by the troops ot ttie United
States.
Mr. LOVEJOY and others objected.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. I offer the resolu-
tion in order that the country may be informed
whether the statement is true or not. I want in-
formation on the subject I want to know whether
martial law is declared in my State; whether our
women and children, when they go to their post
office, are to be met by soldiers and bristling
bayonets.
Mr. PENTON. I call for the regular order of
business.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. I hope the gen-
tleman will withdraw his objection. Let us know
whether we are to be put under a military despot-
ism.
Objection was not withdrawn.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. I do not profess
exactly to understand the rules of this House.
I would ask the chair, therefore, whether it is
now in order to move a suspension of the rules
for the purpose of allowing me to introduce my
resolution.
The SPEAKER. A motion to suspend the
rules is not in order except on Monday.
Mr. REAGAN. It seems to me, Mr. Speaker,
that when an honorable gentleman makes a state-
ment like that which we have heard from the gen-
tleman from Missouri, we owe it to ourselves to
take some action on it. If a military despotism
really exist in the country, it ought to be known.
[Cries of " Order !"]
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. If my people are
to be placed under martial law, let us know it. If
we are to be ruled by a military despot, let us
know it. [Cries of "Order!"]
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mis-
souri is not in order. A motion to suspend the
rules is not in order except on Monday; and the
gentleman's resolution cannot be-introduced in
any other way, unless unanimous consent is
given.
CHAD MILLER.
Mr. BUFFINTON, from the Committee on
Military Affairs, made an adverse report on the
case of Chad Miller; which was laid upon the table,
and ordered to be printed.
FRANCES FOWLER.
Mr. FOSTER, from the Committee on Invalid
