1804
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
THOMAS G. CORBIN. I
Mi*. FOSTER. I move that the Senate take !
up for consideration Senate bill No. 390, for the
relief of Thomas G. Corbin. It has a -very short
report accompanying it. The bill is very short.
It involves an amount of between two and three
hundred dollars to a meritorious officer. I hope
it will be allowed to pass. The reading of the
report will occupy not above two minutes.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S. No.
399) for the relief of Thomas G. Corbin was read
the second time, and considered as in Committee
of the "Whole. It provides for the payment to
Lieutenant Thomas G. Corbin, United States
Navy, of $293 15, being the difference between
his pay as passed midshipman and master, be-
tween August 24, 1846, and October 25, 1847.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
be engrossed for a third reading, read the third
time, and passed.
PRIVATE LAND CLAIM.
Mr. POLK. 1 am instructed by the Committee
on Private Land Claims to report House bill No.
981, to confirm a certain private land claim m the
Territory of New Mexico. 1 will state that I
have had this bill in my hand for a long time try-
ing to get it before the Senate. I now report it
back from that committee, with a recommendation
that it pass. I ask for present action on it.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was
considered as in Committee of the> Whole. It
provides that the private land in the Territory of
New Mexico, as recommended for confirmation
by the surveyor General of that Territory, and
in his report to the Commissioner of the General
Land Office, of November 24, 1860, designated as
No. 43, shall be confirmed; but the confirmation
is only to be construed as a quit-claim or relin-
quishment on the part of the United States, and
is not to affect the adverse rights of any other
person or persons.
Mr. POLK. The word " claim" is omitted
after the word 44 land," in the printed copy of the
bill. It is corrcct in the manuscript.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That being o
verbal amendment, it will be made.
The bill was reported to the Senate.
Mr. KING. Is there any report or any state-
ment of facts in that matter?
Mr. POLK. The report that comes from the
House of Representatives is the report from the
surveyor general of the Territory of New Mex-
ico, who was authorized bylaw to examine these
claims.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I think [ must object to
confirming land claims in the dark. We have
had one Houmas land grant confirmed in Louis-
iana; and without explanation, t cannot consent
to allow the bill to pass.
Mr. POLK. I will give the explanation briefly,
and if I am defective in it, the Senator from Ohio,
who knows the case better perhaps than I do, will
correct me. This was a perfect grant made by
the Mexican Government to two individuals for a
mine which they discovered, a gold mine. Land
was granted to them, including the mine, and ad-
joining country around it, with a spring for the
purpose of washing, and timber for the purpose
of working the mine, and pasturage for cattle. It
is a perfect Mexican grant.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Then I ask why is not the
title good, and why cannot they establish it in
court? •
Mr. POLK. For this reason: there has been a
law of Congress requiring all these claims to be
reported upoh by the suiveyor general, and to
be actcd on by Congress, and that is for the pur-
pose of carrying out the system of surveys in
New Mexico. The surveyor general will not
survey any claim there, unless it is confirmed by
Congress. This leaves the parties open to litiga-
tion, and open to have their lands squatted upon;
but in order to carry out in New Mexico the sys-
tem of the United States public surveys, we have
required the surveyor general to report all these
claims to Congress, to be acted on by Congress.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Aie these parties in pos-
session, I inquire ?
Mr. POLK. Yes; working the mine now.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. 1 move, then, that this bill
lie over until the next session. If they are in pos-
session, they cannot suffer, and we can have an
opportunity to consider the matter.
Mr. CHANDLER. As objection is made, I
suppose the bill lies over
Mr. POLK. No, sir.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the third reading of the bill.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I move to postpone this
bill until the 1st of December next.
Mr. WADE. I hope that motion will not pre-
vail, unless the Senator knows something of this*
title and has some valid objection to it. Thecom-
mittec of the House of Representatives acted upon
the report of the surveyor general, and the Senate
committee deliberately examined the subject, and
agreed to it. Now, unless the Senator issuspicious
that they have made some mistake, and knows
on what he grounds his objection, I hope he will
not delay it. The probability is, that if it be de-
layed, it will come up at another time, when Sen-
ators will have again to refer to the reports of the
committees and confide in them, for itis impossi-
ble that every Senator can examine every one of
these claims so as to know all about it.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I have had an opportu-
nity to converse with my colleague in the House
of Representatives, who is on the Committee on
Private Land Claims, and who reported this bill
to tlv House. On conversation with him, I with-
draw my objection.
The bill was ordered to a third reading, was
read the third time, and passed.
CAPTAIN PAULDING.
Mr. DOOLITTLE* I desire to call up House
joint resolution No. 59, authorizing Commodore
H. Paulding to receive a sword an da giant of land
awarded to him by the Republic of Nicaragua.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the joint resolution.
The amendment of the Committee on Foreign
Relations was, to strike out the words 44 the grant
of land and;" so that the resolution will read:
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives of
the United Staies of America in Congress assembled. That
Commodore II. Pa'uldimr, of the United State Navy, be,
and he is hereby, authorized to accept the sword presented
to him by tin; Republic of Nicaragua.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I hope that the amend-
ment will not be agreed to. It is a grant of about
one section of land—twenty cabbellarias of land.
Thirty-three acres, I believe, is acabbellaria, mak-
ing about six hundred and sixty acres. I hope
that the resolution will be permitted to pass in the
shape in which it came from the House of Rep-
senfatives.
Mr. MASON. The joint resolution was re-
ported by the Committee on Foreign Relations,
to whom it was referred by the Senate, with the
amendment which the Senator hopes will not be
adopted. We all recollect thet in the days of
William Walker, the filibuster, Commodore
Paulding, being in command of the squadron at Snn
Juan qi* Greytown, deemed it within his instruc-
tions, in oider to prevent the landing of Walker,
to land upon the shores of Nicaragua after Walker
had landed, and to capture his party. He was
recalled from the command, and censured for the
action. The President said m his message that
he thought Commodore Paulding, in landing the
American forces upon a foreign territory with
which we were at peace, had, as the President ex-
pressed it, committed a grave error.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. If the Senator will allow
me, right at that point, I beg to call his attention
to the fact that the authorities of Nicaragua, at
the time and upon the spot, asked Commodore
Paulding to have his troops landed to take away
the filhbusters from this sand-bank.
Mr. MASON. My impression is that the Sen-
ator is mistaken in that. Commodore Paulding was
instructed not to allow Walker to land. Itseems
I that Walker eluded the vigilance of the squadron
in some way, which was at anchor two or three
miles ftom the coast, and did land. Afterwards,
Commodore Paulding sent in boats, landed, ar-
rested the party, and sent them off.
Now, what I mean to say is only this: the
President considered it, as he expressed it, a grave
error. We had the subject before the Senate,
and I was one of those who did not agree with
the President. I thought he had committed an
error; but it was an error in the over-anxious dis-
charge of his duty. I thought it was characterized
rather harshly to call it a grave error; but still
such are the facts. Now, the State of Nicaragua
has, by law, as this Government is informed, aa
a compliment to Captain Paulding for that act,
made him a grant of land, and besides, I think,
given him a swoid. A majority of the Committee
on Foreign Relations, while they were prepared
to recommend to the Senate that he should be al-
lowed to receive the sword as acompliment,were
disinclined to his being permitted to receive any
substantial reward, as a grant of land would be.
For myself, I was opposed to it altogether. I
did not think it was one of those occasions where
the constitutional interdiction should be depaited
from. I think this Government ought not to
sanction a reward, whether in the form of a com-
pliment, or something more substantial, to one
of its officers by a foreign Government, for an
act which his own Government had disapproved.
For that reason I am against the whole proposi-
tion; but I think that if it passes, the amendment
ought to be adopted; and he should not, at least,
receive a substantial reward. It is not a pecuni-
ary grant; but it is a grant of value, nTGre than
a compliment. There may have been an instance,
but I am not aware of an instance, where any
officer of this Governmenthas received a substan-
tial giant, a valuable grant, either in the form of
money, or land, or otherwise, from any foreign
Govern ment.
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. President, if there is any
officer in the Navy of the United States who, I
think, has in recent times distinguished himself
by the exorcise of great patriotism, of great loy-
alty, of great discretion, that officer is Captain
Paulding, a descendant of one of the captors of
Major Andre, a citizen of my own State, a per-
sonal friend. Feeling in regard to this distin-
guished gentleman as one must feel who stands in
such relations to him, it is with great regret that
I have felt myself obliged to come into opposition,
in part, to the joint resolution which has been
proposed by the House of Representatives, to
allow the Republic of Nicaragua to confer upon
him distinguished honors and rewards. I am not
opposed to the principle of this joint resolution.
I am not opposed to waiving the constitutional
inhibition which prevents him- from receiving,
without the consent of Congress, honors tendered
to him gratefully by a foreign country, which he
has saved from ravage and violence. I think it
was just in Nicaragua to tender to him all that
has been awarded to him by that Republic. I do
not think that honors bestowed upon public ser-
vants of the United States for such a discharge of
their duties to their own country as benefits other
countries or humanity, have any tendency to de-
moralize; on the contrary, I think they have a
tendency to ennoble and to elevate th<; military
and naval service of the United States; and while
I would be very careful never to allow any states-
man to receive any compliment or any reward
from any foreign Government, for any service that
he may have rendered, I am perfectly willing to
allow officers of the military and naval service to
receive such testimonials. 1 have, however, been
obliged in the committee, as I shall be here, to
vote for the amendment which shall deny Com-
modore Paulding the privilege of receiving the
grant of six hundred acres of land in Nicaragua—
not that he did not merit it at the hands of that
Republic, but because he was in the service ofhis
country, and he is paid by his country for his
services. A military or a naval officer, like a civil-
ian, can do no more, when he is m the discharge
of public duties, than just his whole duty to his
country; and there is no work of supererogation
in him. His country has the highest claim—has
a claim to the best talent, the best service that he
can exercise; and his country is to be presumed
to pay him all the compensation to which he is
entitled, which he ought to receive, for any action
which is beneficial to her, however beneficial,
also, it may bo consequentially to other States or
nations.
The reason why I object to voting to allow the
reception of this grant of land is: first, that it is
in the nature of an additional pecuniary reward
by a foreign Power for a service rendered to his
own country; and the precedent would be a bad
one, insomuch as, if continued, it might in time
come to make officers of the Army and Navy of
the United States study how much they could get
from foreign Governments for so shaping their
conduct in the service of their own country as to
benefit them. x
