1861.
TEE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Pensions, reported a bill for the relief of Prances
Fowler, widow of Abram C. Fowler, late second
lieutenantofartillery,United StatesArray; which
was read a first ana second time, referred to a
Committee of the Whole House on the Private
Calendar, and, with the accompanying report,
ordered to be printed.
ASA BUTTEKPIELD.
Mr. FOSTER also, from the same committee,
made an adverse report on the case of Asa But-
terfield; which was laid upon the table, and ordered
to be printed.
CLARISSA PECK.
Mr. STOKES, from the same committee, made
an adverse report on the case of Clarissa Peck;
which was laid upon the table and ordered to be
printed.
ELIZA M. PLYMPTON.
Mr. STOKES also, from the same committee,
reported a bill granting a pension to Eliza M.
Plympton; which was read a first and second
time, referred to a Committee of the Whole House
on the Private Calendar, and, with the accompa-
nying report, ordered to be printed.
LAKKIN TALLY.
Mr. STOKES also, from the same committee,
reported a bill grantingapension to Larkin Tally,
an invalid soldier of the war of 1812; which was
read a first and second time.
Mr. STOKES. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House for leave to put that bill on its pas-
sage. It is a meritorious case.
Mr. GARTRELL. I object.
Mr. STOKES. This man is totally blind, and
unless the Government helps him, he will be
thrown upon the cold charities of the world. ^
Mr. GARTRELL. I insist on my objection.
The bill was referred to a Committee of the
Whole House on the Private Calendar, and, with
the accompanying report, ordered to be printed.
JOHN ROGERS.
Mr. STOKES, from the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, reported a bill granting a pension to
John Rogers, of Tennessee, an invalid soldier of
the war of 1812; which was read a first and second
time, referred to a Committee of the Whole House
on the Private Calendar, and, with the accompa-
nying report, ordered to be printed.
PETEIt LATARRE.
Mr. FENTON, from the same committee, re-
Eorted a bill granting an invalid pension to Peter
.avarre; which was read a first and second lime,
referred to a Committee of the Whole House on
the Private Calendar, and, with the accompany-
ing report, ordered to be printed.
MARY CLEARWATER.
Mr. VANCE, from the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims, reported a bill for the relief of the
heirs of the late Mary Clearwater, of New York,
formerly the widow of James Young; which was
read a first and second time, referred to a Com-
mittee of the Whole House on the Private Cal-
endar, and, with the accompanying report, ordered
to be printed.
ROBERT PAUL.
Mr. FENTON, from the same committee, re-
ported a bill for the relief of the heirs of Robert
Paul, a soldier of the Revolution; which was read
a first and second time, referred to a Committee
of the Whole House on the Private Calendar,
and, with the accompanying report, ordered to be
printed.
REGISTER AT VINCENNES.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana, from the Commit-
tee on Public Lands, reported a bill for the relief
of the register of the land office at Vincennrs, In-
diana, and for other purposes; which was read a
first and second time.
The bill was read in extenso. It authorizes the
Secretary of the Interior to make such allowance
for office rent during the temporary continuance
of the land office at Vincennes, Indiana, as may,
in his opinion, be just and proper; and that fur-
ther, he be authorized to adjust the account of
John Moore, postmaster at Vincennes, Indiana,
mid allow him, at the usual rate, compensation
for taking care of the books, papers, &c., of the
land office at Vincennes, Indiana, dunng the time
the same were in his custody, under instructions
from the General Land Office of September 3,
1858, the allowance to be paid out of the appro-
priations for incidental expenses of the district
land office.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I ask the Clerk to
read the letter I send up. It will fully explain
the case.
The Clerk read, as follows:
General Land Office, March 15, 1860.
Sir : I have the honor to return herewith the letter from
Hon. W. E. Niblack to the chairman of the Committee of
Public Lands, House of Representatives, referred by you
for report, recommending that an allowance be made the
legister at Vincennes, Indiana, for office rent; and also that
aif allowance be made John Moore, Esq., of Vincennes,
for safe keeping the books, papers, &e., of that land district,
in the interval between the closing of the land olfice, under
the sixth section of the act of August 18,1S56, and its re-
opening under the act of December 21,1858, (laws 11, pages
140 and 373,) and to state that, inasmuch as the continu-
ance of this office is a mere temporary matter, and the duties
of both a register and receiver devolve upon the present
incumbent, whose salary is fixed at $500 per annum, with
certain fees, believed to amount to an inconsiderable an-
nua! sum, a reasonable amount for rent may properly be
made.
In reference to the other allowance, I have Instate that
the practice of this office, in cases of this kind, is to admit
a claim for safe keeping books and papers of district land
offices, not to exceed, at the late of the officer's salary, lor
the time the archives remain in possession of the person
having them in charge. Such allowance could piopeiiy
have been made Mr. Moore; but for the reason that lie
was at the tune postmaster at Vincennes, and in the opin-
ion of the Department, as expressed in your letter of June
25,1859, was not competent, under the laws, to receive
compensation fortius service. Had these books, &c.,been
in the hands of one not holding a public office under the
Government, there would have been no objection to tile
allowance. Under the ciicumstances, I am of opinion that
the usual compensation should be made Mr. Moore, and
submit heiewith the draft of a hill to meet the case.
With great respeet, your obedient seivaut,
JOSEPH S. WILSON, Commissioner.
Hon. Jacob Thompson, Secretary of the Interior.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed, and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly rend the third time, and passed.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana, moved to reconsider
the vote just taken;and moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PRIVATE BILLS ON THE SPEAKER'S TABLE.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the fol-
lowing private bills from the Senate; which wore
severally read a first and second time, and referred
as indicated below:
An act (No. 395) for the relief of Samuel^
Worcester—to the Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions.
An act (No. 37G) for the relief of Major Ben-
jamin Alvord, paymaster United States Army—
to the Committee on Military Affairs.
An act (No. 463) for the relief of W. H. Vesey
—to the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
iowa public buildings.
Mr. VANDEVER, I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House for leave to take up Senate res-
olution No. 2, to relinquish to the State of Iowa
the title of the United States to five sections of
land donated to that State at the time of her ad-
mission into the Union, to aid in the construction
of certain public buildings.
Mr. GARTRELL. I object; and I give notice
that I will hereafter object to everything that is
not in order.
PRIVATE CALENDAR.
Mr. BURNETT. I make a privileged motion.
I move that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole House on the Private
Calendar. If there be no objection, ! hope this
will be considered as objection day in the com-
mittee. „
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. We will
agree to that.
Mr. HARRIS, of Virginia. I hope the gentle-
man will not submit that motion at this time.
Mr. BURNETT. I withdraw it for the present.
john d. ott and ii. j. m'lAUGTILIN.
Ml'. HARRIS, of Virginia, from the Committee
of Accounts, lcported a joint resolution to pay
John D. Ott and Henry J. McLaughlin for ser-
vices rendered in the folding-room of the House
of Representatives; which was read a first and
second time, referred to a Committee of the Whole
House on the Private Calendar, and, with the
accompanying report, ordered to be printed.
RETIREMENT Of? MISSISSIPPI' DELEGATION.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the fol-
lowing communication:
Washington, D. C., January 12,1861.
Sir : Having received official information that the State
of Mississippi, through a convention representing the sov-
ereignty of the State, has passed an ordinance withdrawing
from the Federal Government all the powers -delegated to
it at the time of her admission into tluj Union, it becomes
ourtluty to lay this fact before you, and to announce that
we are no longer members of this body.
Winl# we. regret the necessity which impels our State to
the aa^ption of this course, we desire to say that it meets
our unqualified approval; and wc shall return to her bosom
to share her fortunes, whatever they.may be.
We have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient
servants, OTHO R. SINGLETON,
WILLIAM BAUKSDALE,
REUBEN DAVIS,
JOHN J. McRAE,
L. a. C. LAMAR.
Hon. William Pennington, Speaker of the House of Rep-
resentatives.
Mr. JONES. I move that the names of the
Mississipni delegation, as well as those of the
South Carolina delegation, be stricken from the
roll.
Mr. ELY. 1 object to that motion.
The SPEAKER. Objection being made, the
motion cannot be received.
Mr. BURNETT. If gentlemen notify the
Speaker, and through him the House, that they
have left the House, their State having withdrawn
from the Union, it does seem to me that there is
not the least necessity in the Clerk calling their
names.
Mr. SPINNER. Does the gentleman from
Kentucky state that they have resigned their
places in this House? If that be the position of
these retiring delegations, then perhaps he may
be right.
Mr. BURNETT. They have retired from
their seats here because their States have retired
from the Union.
Mr. SPINNER. They are not out of the
Union. We all deny that.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the point
of order of the gentleman from Kentucky.
The communication was then laid.upon the
table.
NAVY APPROPRIATED BILL.
Mr. SHERMAN moved that the rules be sus-
pended , and that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union on the Navy appropriation; and pending
that motion, he moved that general debate in
committee be terminated in five minutes after
consideration of the bill shall be resumed.
Mr. BURNETT. I cannot consent to the idea
of confining all debate upon the naval appropria-
tion bill, which is already a special order, and
upon which debate must be confined to the merits
of the bill, to the period of ten minutes.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will say, then, one hour,
if the gentleman desires it.
Mr. BURNETT. I do not believe, in this
advanced stage of the proceedings of the House,
with so many of our appropriation bills already
passed, and in view of the action of the Senate,
that there is any necessity for closing debate in
this summary manner, or of confining debate upon
so important bills as the Army and Navy bills.
Hence I cannot agree to the motion of the gentle-
man from Ohio; and I again submit the motion
that the House resolve itself into a Committee of
the Whole upon the Private Calendar.
Mr.LOVEJOY. Then I hope it will be under-
stood that it shall be considered as objection day.
Mr. SHERMAN. I believe my motion takes
precedence.
Mr. BURNETT. This being private bill day,
my motion is a matter of course.
Mr. SHERMAN. Is this objection day?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. GARTRELL. I object to its being objec-
tion day.
Mr. BURNETT. It will be impossible for us
to make any headway upon the Private Calendar
unless there be an agreement that this shall be
considered objection day. As that is objected to,
I withdraw my motion.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move, then, that all gen-
eral debate be terminated upon the naval bill in
one hour after going into committee. That wiu
not cut off five minutes' debate.
The motion was agreed to.
