346
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 12,
Mr. SHERMAN. Now I call for the question
on my molion that the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
The question was put; and the motion was
agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Colfax in the chair,) and resumed the con-
sideration of the
ied the cbn
, \J
NAVY APPROPRIATION BILL
The Clevk read the first clause of the bill.
Mr. COX obtained the floor, and indicated a
purpose to make a speech.
Mr. BURNETT. Before the gentleman from
Ohio proceeds, I think it wise to submit a ques-
tion to the Chair.
Mr. SHERMAN. This bill is a special order,
and debate must be confined to the merits of the
bill.
Mr. BURNETT. I want to make an inquiry
of the Chair. A gentleman on the floor attempted
to make a speech a day or two ago, and was cut
off almost as soon as he commenced. Now, 1
want 
Mr. SHERMAN. Unless my colleague speaks
to the merits of the bill, I must object. He can-
not indulge in general debate.
Mr. BURNETT. I desire to ask the Chair
whether, in this hour's debate, it would be in
order for'me, or any other gentleman upon this
floor, to make a speech upon the present aspect
of the political questions of this country, all of
which would go to show that there ought not to
be any appropriation made for naval purposes by
this Congress?
The CHAIRMAN. TheChairthinksnot. The
rule adopted last session in reference to making
special ordeis of appropriation bills reads as fol-
lows:
"In the Committee of the Whole on the state of tin-
Union all debato upon spocl.il orders Umfl bo confined
strictly to the measure under consideration."
That was intended to change the old rule, which
allowed unlimited debate; and therefore, the Chair
thinks no'debate will be in order, unless it is di-
rected to the particular merits of the appropria-
tions contained in this bill. Debate as to whether
there should be any appropriations at all in the
Navy bill would not be in order.
Mr. SHERMAN. I suppose it is understood
that, after the appropriation bills arc passed, the
widest latitude of debate will be permitted. That
will probably be after Monday next.
Mr. COX. I will very frankly state to the
Chair that my object was to indulge in general
debate. I did not intend to speak to the specific
matter of the bill now under consideration. I do
not want to enter upon myspecch and leave any
portion of it not delivered, and therefore I would
like the sense of the House upon this question
before I commence.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would like to
gratify the gentleman from Ohio; but the word
" strictly" being used in this rule for the pur-
pose of changing the old practice of allowing the
widest latitude of debate, the rule must be admin-
istered strictly. The only way the Chair can sub-
mit the question to the House, is by the gentleman
from Ohio appealing from the tiecision of the
Chair.
Mr. COX. I will not take an appeal in my
own case, though in another case 1 would. "I
therefore yield the floor, and will avail myself of
another opportunity when this discussion will be
in order.
Mr. BURNETT. Now, I will say to the Chair
that I desire to make a speech, addressing itself
to the aspect of the political affairs and condition
of the country generally; and I desire, before 1
commence, to ask the Chair whether I shall be
permitted to do so. And I want to state to the
House that my argument will go to the whole
merits of this bill. My object will be to show
that the Army and Navy are, as 1 believe from
present movements, to be used for the purpose of
coercion against a portion of the States which
have recently been in this Confederacy, but which,
by their action, have placed themselves out of it;
and believing that to be case, I want to make an
argument to show that no appropriation ought to
be made, either for the Army or the Navy, for
such a purpose.
Mr. SHERMAN. I make the point of order,
that such a speech would not be in order, because
it is not germane to this bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will state to
the gentlemen from Ohio and Kentucky, that he
sustains the pointof order made by the gentleman
from Ohio, and for this reason: that were the
construction to be placed upon the rule which the
gentleman from Kentucky desires, the rule would
be mere surplusage. That was the old'rule, which
this rule was intended to change. Therefore the
Chair decides that general debate is not in order.
Mr. BURNETT. I appeal from the decision
of the Chair.
The question was put, " Shall the decision of
the Chair stand as the judgment of the commit-
tee ?" And it was decided in the affirmative.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained.
The Clerk read the next clause of the bill, as
follows;
For pay of commission, warrant, and petty officers
and seamen, including the engineer corps of the Navy,
$•4,438,577.55
Mr. PRYOR. I move to strike out the lines
seven, eight, nine, and ten, including the chief
appropriation to the naval service.
Mr. Chairman, so long as the American Navy
was engaged in the lawful and beneficent enter-
prise of protecting the interests of commerce, en-
larging the boundaries of discovery, and main-
taining the honor of our flag against foreign at-
tack, I voted to accord it a generous support. But
now, sir, when it is to be employed for the inhu-
man purpose of subjugating sovereign States, and
imposing the yoke of military despotism upon a
people who are guilty of no other crime than a
gallant resistance to wrong and oppression, I
would sink it in the abyss of ocean before I
would grant it a farthing. A bulwark of national
defense, it invokes the nation's gratitude; the
dread instrument of death and desolation in fratri-
cidal strife, it deserves the nation's execration.
To my mind, the most disastrous portent'of
these unhappy times is the obvious and absolute
prevalence of the military temper in the councils
of the Administration. An imbecile Executive
has fallen under the ascendency of an aspiring
soldier, and the country is ruled by a " Mayor of
the Palace." The arts of statesmanship are no
longer applied in the solution of political difficul-
ties; but the sword is cast into the balance of sec-
tional controversy. Instead of messengers of con-
ciliation to a malcontent people, the Government
dispatches men and munitions of war to constrain
obedience to an obnoxious sway. Though no
foreign foot treads the soil of America with hos-
tile purpose, troops are distributed and concen-
trated as if to repel imminent invasion.
Mr. SHERMAN. I rise to a point of order.
I have listened to the remarks of the gentleman
from Virginia, and I cannot sec that thev are in
order.
Mr. PRYOR. If the gentleman will allow me,
I will conclude m a moment.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope the gentleman will
confine Ins remarks to what is appropriate to his
amendment, and not press them beyond that.
[Mr. DAVIDSON, from the Committee on
Enrolled Bills, here reported as truly enrolled an
act for the relief of Ilockaday & Liggit; when
the Speaker signed the same.]
The CHAIRMAN. Docs the gentleman from
Ohio insist upon his point of order?
Mr. SHERMAN. I waive it in the hope that
the gentleman from Virginia will confine his re-
marks within what was understood to be the de-
cision of the Chair awhile ago.
Mr. PRYOR. If the gentleman from Ohio will
allow me, I will confine myself rigorously and
logically to the question raised by my amend-
ment. I was saying, Mr. Chairman, that al-
though no foreign foot treads the soil of America
with unfriendly purpose, yet troops are distrib-
uted and concentrated as if to resist imminent in-
vasion. Forts arc garrisoned with the avowed :
purpose of overawing sovereign States; and, even j
in this District, masses of mercenaries are ac- |
cumulating to inaugurate the President of the j
people in blood. A salutary principle of an- j
tique liberty forbade the presence of a commis- !
sioned geneial within the walls of Rome; but this,
along with all other maxims of republican free-
dom, is banished from the councils of this most
detestable Administration.
Sir, as I am restricted within the limits of de-
bate pertinent to the amendment I have proposed,
I will conclude by availing myself of the occasion
to give warning to the people of Virginia that a
plan is maturing, and preparations are making, to
subject them to Federal tyranny by the compul-
sion of force, and to implore them, by every con-
sideration of safety and of honor to concert prompt
and adequate measures of resistance. For myself,
I will discharge my duty here by opposing every
appropriation for the support of an Army and
Navy that are to be employed in this unhallowed
enterprise.
Mr. CLEMENS. Mr. Chairman, I should be
unjust to myself; I believe I should be unjust
to the people of Virginia, if the inflammatory re-
marks of my colleague passed this House unre-
buked; and standing here, as I do, on terms of
equality with him, representing a district which,
in case of a conflict of arms, is thrown upon a
defenseless border, I appeal to him to know
whether 
Mr. GARNETT. Mr. Chairman, I call upon
you to enforce the rules of order upon that mem-
ber from Virginia. You ruled my colleague [Mr.
Pryor] and myself out of order.
Mr. McKNIGHT. Turn about is fair play.
I hope the gentleman from Virginia will be alio wed
to proceed.
Mr. GARNETT. I know that he will receive
aid from the Black Republicans; but I call him to
order. . •
Mr. PRYOR. My colleague will allow me a
moment to make a suggestion. If the House will
do my colleague [Mr. Clemens] the courtesy to
let him speak, and me the courtesy to allow me
to reply to him, I shall be content.
Mr, GARNETT. I will waive the point of
order on that condition.
Mr. HINDMAN. Let that be the understand-
ing.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will not make myself a
party to any understanding which will tie my
hands m enforcing the rules of the House. I hope
gentlemen will confine themselves within the rules
of the House in the discussion of this bill, and
next week we shall have a general field of debate,
and! hope we shall all have a chance to partici-
pate m it.
Mr. PRYOR. I trust my colleague near me
will withdraw his objection.
Mr. GARNETT. I withdraw it.
Mr. HINDMAN. I renew the objection.
Mr. HILL. The Chairman 
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Ark-
ansas raised a point of order. Does he insist
upon it >
Mr. HINDMAN. I do; but with the under-
standing that the gentleman from Virginia, who
first spoke, shall have an opportunity to respond
to his colleague, I will not insist upon the point
of order. If that be denied, I will insist upon it.
Mr. HILL. I object to any such understand-
ing being made. The kind personal feeling which
I entertain toward the member from Virginia,
who was first up, [Mr. Pryor,] induced me to
refrain from interposing during his lemarks. I
can perceive that members upon the other side of
the House are quite as ready for this kind of de-
bate as the gentleman from Virginia or any other
man from the South, however ardent he maybe.
It has been my policy from first to last to interpose
objection to* inflammatory debate. There is spirit
enough on my right, (the Republican side of the
House,) and feeling enough to accept the gage
thrown down here. I stand here for the conserv-
ative country, and against extremes anywhere.
Mr. HINDMAN. I call the gentleman from
Georgia to order.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
Georgia is not in order in debating the point of
order.
Mr. LEACH, of North Carolina. He is talk-
ing vciy well.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will decidc the
point of order; and any gentleman who is dissat-
isfied with the decision can take an appeal.
Mr. HILL. I was merely interposing my ob-
jection, sir, to any such understanding as that
proposed by the gentleman from Arkansas.
The CHAIRMAN. The first gentleman from
Virginia who spoke, evidently went beyond th<?
decision of the Cb&ir, which was sustained by
the committee. The gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
