1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Sherman] raised that question of order; butas the
point of order was not pressed, the Chair allowed
the gentleman to proceed—it being evidently by
unanimous consent. Very certainly the language of
the gentleman from Virginia in regard to the Ad-
ministration and the Navy was not legitimate to
the Army appropriation bill; but as the point of
order was not pressed, the Chair allowed the
gentleman to proceed. But the point of order
being now made upon the other gentleman from
Virginia, [Mr. Clemens,] the Chair is compelled
to sustain it, and decides that the gentleman's re-
marks are not in order, and that he cannot be
allowed to proceed.
Mr. GARNETT. Permit me to remind the
Chair and the committee, that my colleague [Mr.
Pryor] desisted the moment the point of order
was made and decided against him.
Mr. HILL. Let me remark, in justice to my-
self, that I should not object if the colloquy was
to be confined to the two gentlemen from Virginia,
and not to take the wide latitude which 1 believe it
would take.
Mr. JI1NDMAN. I again call the gentleman
to ordfer.
Mr. HILL. That is all I wished to say.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is not in order.
The question was taken on Mr.pryor's amend-
ment; and it was not agreed to.
Mr. PHELPS. I offer the following amend-
ment to come in at the end of the tenth line:
Provided, That if the monthly pay due any of the war-
ram and petty officers and seamen ofthe Navy shall remain
unpaid for more than three months at any time after the
dat<* of the approval of this act, said officers and seamen
shall be entitled, on demand, to receive their d^charge.
Mr. SHERMAN. I raise a point of order on
that amendment. It is legislation, and is there-
fore not in order.
Mr. PHELPS. I have a word to say in re-
spect to the point of order. The clause under con-
sideration appropriates the pay for the officers of
the Navy, and also for the warrant and petty
officers and seamen of the Navy. At the present
time the warrant and petty officers and seamen of
the Navy are enlisted for a term of three years,
and are not entitled to their discharge till they
have served that period of time. The Treasury
of the United States is bankrupt. I expectit will
continue bankrupt for some time to come. And
I am unwilling that these men, who are thus en-
listed into the service, and who have families at
home, shall not be continued in service if the pay
due them by the Government of the United States
is not paid them at least every three months.
My amendment, therefore, proposes, that if the
monthly pay due the seamen of your Navy shall
not be paid to them every three months, they
shall, if they desire it, receive their discharge.
Such a provision is proper and right, and is a lim-
itation on the appropriation contained in the
clause.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order of the gentleman from Ohio. The
proposition of the gentleman from Missouri may
be a very judicious one; but as there is no pro-
vision of law authorizing it, and as the enlistment
is for a term of years, this would be a change of
the existing law, and therefore cannot be received
as an amendment to an appropriation bill.
Mr. PHELPS. I must submit to the decision
of the Chair.
Mr. MORSE. I move to amend by striking
out the following proviso:
Provided, That not more than $5,000 shall hereafter he
expended in any navy-yard in the repair of any vessel until
the necessity of such repair, and the probable cost theieof,
is ascertained by the report of a board of not less than three
officers ofthe Navy, with such one of the naval construc-
tors as the Department may designate; and that it shall be
the duty of the Secretary to cause a survey to be made by
a board of naval olficers, in connection with a naval con-
structor, of the sailing vessels of the Navy, to ascertain
which of them can profitably be fitted up with auxiliary
steam power; and that, m the expenditure of the money
hereby appropriated, he shall, so far as the eatne may be
applied to sailing vessels, employ the same, as far as prac-
ticable, in supplying such vessels with auxiliary steam
power.15
This proviso proposes a change in the mode of
surveyinga vessel for repairs after her return from
sea. The present practice, under a proviso adopted
last session, is, that when a ship returns from a
voyage and needs repairs that will cost over $3,000,
she is examined by a surveying party, consisting
of one officcr of the Navy, one constructor, and
two master-workmen, who are to see what repairs
are necessary, and estimate the cost thereof. The
law, as it now stands, puts the business into the
right hands—into the hands of men who under-
stand it. But this proviso proposes to changc that
practice, and to put the survey into the hands of
a board of naval officers, to consist of three officers
and one constructor. Now, what would be the
effect of that? There may be in the board one
commander who has had some experience, one
lieutenant, and perhaps a midshipman. They go
on and examine the hull of the vessel, the plank-
ing, the deck, the frame work, to see how much
is in a state of decay, and what repairs will be
necessary. These are not the right kind of men
to make such a survey. You have in each of
your navy-yards a constructor, to whom you pay
$2,600 a year, and master-workmen at a salary
of $1,200each;responsible men,and bestqualified
to perform such a task. The repairing of a ship
is a mechanical business. It is the duty of officers
of the Navy to sail and take care of a vessel, and
to fight her; but not to repair her. This proviso
takes the work out of the hands of practical work-
men, and puts it into the hands of officers who
knownothingaboutit. I wantto continue it where
it is. The present practice works well. I am
informed at the Department that it works admi-
rably—much better than the old practice did. If
it be necessary to repair an engine, and to spend
five or ten thousand dollars upon it, would you
send to examine it a young lieutenant ? He may
understand the duties of his rank very well, and
know nothing about machinery. A commander
may understand his business perfectly, and yet
not be competent to judge of an engine. Would
you not rather send yourchicf engineer,yourmas-
ter-workmen in the machine shop, to examine and
see what repairs are necessary? Why, certainly,
sir. I trust, therefore, that there will be no diffi-
culty in striking out this proviso; because I con-
sider it as degrading to the mechanics in your
navy-yards, inasmuch as it takes from them the
control of the business which they understand,
and gives it to those who, of necessity, know
nothing about it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I trust that the amendment
of my friend from Maine will not be adopted, for
this reason: formerly, there were large amounts
expended on old hulks in the Navy, without any
previousexamination, or the rcportof any board.
In one case there was from fifty to one hundred
thousand dollars spent on the repairs of a vessel
which, after the repairs, was not worth as much,
as they cost. A similar proviso to that now pro-
posed was adopted two years ago; and I was in-
formed the other day by the head of the Bureau
of Yards and Docks, that it operated well, and
saved a lar^e sum by preventing expenditures on
vessels that were not worth repairs. I hope,
therefore, the proviso will not be stricken out.
Mr. MORSE. I wish to'say one word in reply
to my friend from Ohio. If this proviso be struck
out, it will leave in operation the proviso which
my friend says has been found to work so well.
I agree with him that it is desirable to prevent
the useless expenditure of money which took
place under the old system.
Mr. SHERMAN. The proviso offered by my
friend from Maine last year, expired with the
year; and therefore the phraseology in this one
differs, so as to make it continuous. If this pro-
viso be not similar to that one, I am perfectly
willing to make it similar, only to extend its op-
eration generally.
Mr. MORSE. I was informed at the Depart-
ment that if this proviso were not inserted, the
present practice, under the proviso offered bymc
last session, would be continued. I therefore,m
accordance with my friend's suggestion,propose
to substitute the proviso of last-year for tins one.
I therefore withdraw my amendment; and I now
move to amend by striking out the proviso, and
inserting the following:
Provided, That not more than 03,000 shall hereafter bo j
expended at any navy-yard in repairing the hull and spars i
of any vessel, until the necessity and expediency of Mich j
repair, and the probable cost thereof, be ascertained and re- \
ported to the Navy Department by an examining board, to i
be composed of one captain or commander in the Navy, to j
be appointed by the Secretary ofthe Navy, the naval con- >
stiuctor of the yard where any vessel may be ordered lbr j
repairs, and two master workmen ofsuch jard, or one mas- ,
ter-workman and an engineer ofthe Navy, accordingto the (
nature of the repairs to bi; made ; said matter workmen or i
engineer to be designated by the head of the Bureau of Con- i
struction and Repairs; and not more than $1,000 sliail be i
expended in repairs on the sails and rigging of any vessel
until the expediency and necessity of such repairs, and th«
estimated cost thereof, have been ascertained ahd reported
to the Navy Department, by an examining board, to be
composed of one naval officer, to be appointed by tho Sec- *
retary of the Navy, and the master-rigger and master-sail-
maker of the yard where such vessel may be ordered.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was agreed to.
Mr. FLORENCE. I move the following
amendment:
Jini provided further, That the salary of clerks of yards
• and clerks to commandants at the nnvy-yards at jt'en-
sacola, Norfolk, Philadelphia, New York, Kittery. and
Boston, shall be the same as Is paid to persons holding
the same positions and performing the same duties at the
Washington liavy-yard; to take effect on and after July
3, In the year 1856.
Mr. Chairman, I sincerely trust my amend-
ment will be adopted. It is a just one.
Mr. SHERMAN. Is that amendment recom-
mended by the Committee on Naval Affairs? If
it is, I will not make a point of order on it.
Mr. FLORENCE. I offer it on ray own mo-
tion.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then I object to it. I un-
derstand that the Committee on Naval Affairs
have considered this matter, and are prepared to
submit an amendment. To that amendment I
will not object.
Mr. FLORENCE. I do not desire to press
any amendment before the committee when it is
out of order. But I appeal to the gentleman not
to make a point of order on my amendment. If
he will look into the subject, he will be satisfied
that it is manifestly just. If I had the opportu-
nity now, I could convince the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means, as well as the
members of the committee, that we owe it to
justice at once to adopt the amendment I have
submitted.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is in order on the
section.
Mr. FLORENCE. Very well, then, I will say
a word. In 1856 the Navy appropriation bill
passed with a provision fixing the compensation
of the clerks at the different navy-yards at $1,200
per annum. Under that provision those clerks
were paid that salary for two years and more.
The Fourth Auditor of the Treasury, because, in
his judgment, there was not in the Navy appro-
priation bill uf 1856 any clause specially repeal-
ing the preceding law fixing the salary of those
clerks, refused to check off $1,200 a year to each
one of them. For the years that they were paid
that amount, all over what the preceding law al-
lowed has been put down against them as due to
the United States. 1 propose that they shall be
relieved from the payment of that money. They
performed their services under the belief that
$1,200 a year was their salary, and, indeed, as I
have stated, they received it for several years.
My amendment, beside doing that act of jus-
tice, goes still further, and treats all these navy-
yard clerks alike, by equalizing the salary of all
those of equal grade. 1 do not desire to debate
the question in full. It is a meritorious amend-
ment, and I sincorcly trust that it will be agreed
to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am perfectly willing, as
the Committee on Naval Affairs have acted on
this subject,to waive objection to the amendment
they will report. I make the point of order, that
the amendment of the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania changes the existing law, and is theiefore not
in order, under the rules, to one of the general
appropriation bills.
The CHAIRMAN. Tho Chair sustains the
point of order, and the amendment cannot there-
fore be received.
Mr. FLORENCE. It does not change any
existing law. There is no law in reference to the
salary of these clerks that I propose to change by
my amendment.
Mr. SHERMAN. The gentleman is mistaken.
The existing law does fix the salary of these
clerks at the navy-yards. I think that it fixes
them too low. At the same time, I will say, that
I understand the Committee on Naval Affairs
have had that matter under consideration, and
have matured an amendment which they will offer
at the proper time.
Mr. FLORENCE. That will suit me. I am
satisfied to get all the justice for these men that
I can. I know when I was ou the Committee on
Naval Affairs, I often tried to have the matter
