1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1307
question is, whether it is proper to do this;
whether the respect due the peacc convention
should not deter gentlemen from offering amend-
ments, is a question we are not discussing. The
point is one of order; and as a question of order,
I was astonished when the Senator from Penn-
sylvania first {suggested it.
Mr. BIGLER. I suggested no question of
order.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I did understand the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania to say, that that was the
view he took m committee in response to what
was said by the Senator from Vermont, and it
was to that I alluded when I said I was astonished
at the ground he took, that the committee could
not amend these propositions, or that any other
person could not move to amend them.
Mr. BIGLER. The Senator from Vermont
made a distinct point of order; but I did not sus-
tain the Senator's views on the point of order.
On the other hand, so far from that, I stated dis-
tinctly, that there could be no ordinary question
of order under the rule; but a question of propriety,
a question as to the consideration that was to be
attached to this proposition of the peace conven-
tion; that the select committee, or a majority at
least, were under the impression that it'was ex-
pected we would treat it as a whole, and accept
it or reject it. That is what I said. I have no
doubt whatever of the right of a Senator on this
floor to move to amend this resolution. But, sir,
I cannot agree with the Senator from Illinois by
any means, that this proposition should be treated
as the mere report of a committee or the propo-
sition of an individual Senator. Who supposes
that twenty States would have sent commission-
ers here to consider this great question and sug-
gest to Congress 
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from Penn-
sylvania, I see, is misunderstanding me. I said,
as a question of order, it was to be treated the
same as if offered by an individual Senator; that
however much respect we might have for it, as
coming from the source it did, yet, as a question
of order, there was no difference m the rules.
Mr. BIGLER. I did not understand the Sen-
ator as placing entire stress on the question of
order. I have been endeavoring to take thisques-
tion away from the rules, to set it above the rules,
and I say that we ought to consider it without
reference to the rules. If it be that this programme
is not acceptable to the Senate, let it be rejected.
What I supposed was intended from the begin-
ning waa/that whatever they sent here was to be
considered as an entirety—accepted or rejected.
I was about to remark, who supposes that twenty
States would have sent commissioners to prepare
a programme of peace for the consideration of
Congress, if they had supposed that immediately
the peculiar views of each member of Congress
would be set up m opposition to themp
Mr. President, a single remark in relation to
what fell from the Senator from New York, and
I shall have done. The Senator from New York
alludes to the terms of the preamble, that, for the
reason that these commissioners agreed, therefore
these propositions are submitted as amendments
to the Constitution. I do not wish to be under-
stood as regarding it m that light. I do not think
it is the right of Congress to submit propositions
of amendment of the Constitution because they
come from any source. The spirit of the Consti-
tution is, that Congress will submit amendments
to the Constitution; because Congress approves
those amendments, and it would be a reason why
J should vote for or against them, whether I ap-
proved them or not. If, asa whole, I could vote for
them, I would vote for them; if, as a whole, I
could not, I would vote against them. That does
not affect the question whether, under all the cir-
cumstances, and solemn surroundings, the labor !
which has been bestowed, and the character of:
the men that have presented this paper, we should |
consider it as an entirety, or attempt to cut it up 1
by piecemeal, by which neither they, nor the
public, will ever ascertain what the judgment of ,
Congress was on the lcsults of their'labor. That j
is what I say. 1
Mr. SEWARD. The honorable Senator may \
very naturally and very properly take the ground !
that he would not \ofe, and that Congress ought j
not to vote, for submitting this proposition to the j
nle, lot the le.'wson assigned in the paper he- j
'us>. I have not any disposition to quarrel ;
pro
foie
with him about it. I might take the same view,
and say that I would not submit to the people a
proposition which was futile, which was frivo-
lous. That is not what I was speaking to. What
I was speaking to was, the character of this prop-
osition; and this is a proposition just to this effect,
logically and technically expressed: that whereas
these commissioners appointed by the States have
met, consulted, considered, and adopted that res-
olution, therefore, for that reason, independent of
everything else, Congress submits itto the States.
Mr. PUGH. I want to make an appeal to the
friends of some proposition of peacc. This is the
last day of the session but one, and we have not
made the progress of one line. We have gone
into an eternal discussion about questions of
order, and that, too, in defiance of the rule of the
Senate. I insist that the question shall be decided
without further debate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Fitch.)
It is not for the Clmir to decide any question of
propriety, except as an individual Senator. As
Presiding Officer, he docs not deem the question
of order, made by the Senator from Vermont, to
be well taken. The joint resolution differs in no
respect from other resolutions, and is open to
amendment, and is before the Senate, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, for that purpose. The
question is on agreeing to the amendment which
has been offered by the Senator from Virginia.
Mr. HUNTER. Mr. President, I have offered
this amendment, as the first of a series which I
shall offer, for the purpose of carrying out the
will of my State, as it has been expressed through
its Legislature; and I might say there are other Sen-
ators similarly situated, for there are other States
which have declared a disposition to settle upon
the basis of what are called the Crittenden reso-
lutions. That is the first reason which prompts
me; and to me it is imperative, because the Legis-
lature of the State which I have the honor in part
to represent lias declared that this is the basis
upon which it would settle, and intimated that it
would not take less than they propose byway of
security for the South. 1 have also another rea-
son. 1 have examined this proposition of the
pcace conference 
Mr. WADE. Will the Senator let us hear it
read ? We do not understand what his proposi-
tion is.
Mr. HUNTER. My proposition is the first
article from the Crittenden amendments, in regard
to the territorial adjustment.
Mr. WADE. We understand that,.
Mr. HUNTER. After as careful an examina-
tion as I have been able to give this proposition
from the peace conference since it was printed,
that is to say, within the last day or two, I have
come to the conclusion that it would not only
make a great many more difficulties than it would
remove, if it should be adopted as an amendment
to the Constitution, but that it would placc the
South—the slaveholding States—in a far worse
position than they now occupy under the present
Constitution, with the Dred Scott decision as its
exposition.
Mr. CLARK. Will the Senator from Virginia
allow me to make a suggestion?
Mr. HUNTER. Certainly.
Mr. CLARK. I understand him to say he
proposes to offer the several propositions of the
Crittenden amendment one after the other.
Mr. HUNTER. Yes, sir.
Mr. CLARK. Then I suggest, as that is the
intention of the Senator, that unanimous consent
be given to move them as one amendment, so that
we may have them all up for discussion, if any
one chooses to discuss them, at the same time.
Mr. HUNTER. I have no objection to that,
if it is the general wish. I was saying, Mr. Pres-
ident, when I was interrupted, that after as care-
ful an examination as I was able to give this peace
proposition, since it was printed, I came to the
conclusion that it would put the southern States
in a far worse position than they now occupy
under the present Constitution and with the Dred
Scott decision. Under that Constitution, and with
the Dred Scott decision, they had a right, as the
court has decided, to carry their slaves into any
Territory of the United States. That is a right i
which has been adjudicated to them by a solemn |
decision of the Supreme Court; and it is to be j
ieniembeied that this right has not only been ac-
corded to them by the decision of the court, but I
by the action of the several branches of the Fed-
eral Government. That is their present state of
things under the present Constitution.of the Uni-
ted States with regard to the territorial question.
In what position, then, does this proposed terri-
torial adjustment place them ? Why, sir, it ex-
cludes them; it puts the Wilmot proviso on'all
territory north of 36° 30'; and south of 360 30' it
gives them the privilege of another lawsuit, in
order to try their right and title to enter the ter-
ritory with their slaves. What are the words of
this proposed amendment of the Constitution ?
In all the present teiritory south of that line, the status
of persons held to involuntary service or labor, as it now
exists, shall not he changed; nor shall anv law he passed
by Congress or the Territorial Legislature "to hinder or pre-
vent the taking of such persons from any of the States of
this Union to said tei litory, nor to impair the rights arising
from paid relation; but thesameshali be subject to judicial
cognizance in the Federal courts, according to the course
of the common law.
" In all the present Territory south of that line,
the status of all persons held to involuntary ser-
vitude or labor, as it now exists, shall not be
changed." What is the meaning of that word
" status ?" What is the status ? The word status
may be applied to different things; there may be
a local status or a political status. In some coun-
tries a slave may hold property, and, in a certain
form, sue; in others, he cannot. Or it may be the
social and legal relation, that of the slave to his
master, which constitutes the status that is referred
to; and I presume it is that which it is declared
shall not be changed. But, sir, shall not be changed
by whom? By Congress? It does not say so.
By the Territorial Legislature? It does not say
so in terms. Does it mean that it shall not be
changed by Congress or by the government of
the Territory ? Does it mean that it shall not be
changed at all by anybody? Does it mpan the
master shall not emancipate him if he chooses?
Is it an absolute prohibition of any change of the
status of the slave, of any sort or description?
These are the terms which we are obliged to
resort to in order to escape from the manly decla-
ration of the Crittenden resolution, that south of
that line slavery shall be recognized and protected.
It was eminently proper, as we excluded them
north of it, that our institutions should be recog-
nized and protected south of that line. That, sir,
was plain English; that everybody could under-
stand; but here we areinterpolating law Latin into
the Constitution; this word " status " is intro-
duced; and who is to determine what the stahts
was? I thought it had been considered a march
forward, a step of progress, an evidence of im-
provement in English legislation, when it aban-
doned Norman French and law Latin, and resorted
to the mother tongue; and especially it should be
so, when we are making constitutions for Amer-
ican people of English descent, and who speak the
English tongue. A constitution is for the millions,
and the millions should be able to understand it.
But, Mr. President, let us proceed a little fur-
ther. This whole matter is to be subject to judi-
cial cognizance in the Federal courts, according to
the course of common law. That embraces the
right of the master to his slave as a matter of cog-
nizance under the common law before the courts;
because what do they mean by the status of all
persons held to involuntary servitude or labor?
They mean rightfully held. They do not mean
if a man is kidnapped and held illegally to invol-
untary service or labor that he is always to be so
held. It means that the status of persons who are
rightfully and legally held shall not be changed;
and who is to determine that? The courts are to
determine it according to the common law. That
is to be determined by judges who are to be ap-
pointed from a party, and by a party who believe
that there cannot be property in man; by a party
who believe that, in the Sornersett case, Lord
Mansfield has laid down the common law prop-
erly; by a party who will probably believe that
the decision of the English courts, in regard to the
slave Anderson, that it was no murder for a slave
when escaping to kill Lis master, was a correct
exposition of the common law.
How, then, do we stand5 Why, sir, in relation
to our right to slaves, we have to try that ri^ht
before judges who are thus appointed, and ap-
pointed from a parly who we know entertain
these opinions. Why, sir, you might poll that
party through the whole United States, and I
would venture anything upon the assertion that
