'848
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 12,
matured, and finally acted on. At all events,
whenever I did present the amendment, it was
met by the same objection now interposed by the
gentleman from Ohio.
But, in answer to the gentleman from Ohio, I
must say, that I think my amendment is not open
to the charge that it changes the existing law.
There is no existing law, as I understand it, fix-
ing the salary of these clerks. It is fixed by an
arbitrary decision of the Department* The Fourth
Auditor did not, under the law of 1856, check off
the salary that is due them; and my amendment
is for the better execution of that law, and not to
change it.
The CHAIRM AN. The Chair rules the amend-
ment out of order.
Mr. MORSE. I will state that the amendment
I shall propose will legalize the payments which
"Were made to these clerks, and prevent deductions
from being made from their present salary of $900
per annum. I do not propose to raise their salary
to what is allowed at the navy-yard in Washing-
ton—some $1,400 per annum—but only to legalize
what was paid to them in former years under the
instructions of the Navy Department.
Mr. FLORENCE. 1 am willing to take that,
and then get as much more as I can.
Mr. MORSE. If the gentleman pleases, when
my amendment is before the committee, he can
move his as an amendment to it. We have agieed
to report all that we thought we could get through.
•Mr FLORENCE. 1 will pursue that course.
Mr. COX. 1 move the following amendment:
For the purchase of the right to use in the United States
Navy, on steamships and propeiIois,a govemoi to a murine
steam engine, subjeet to the selection of the Secretary of
the Navy, $25,000.
Mr. Chairman, I speak to this amendment
under some disadvantage. Perhaps the House will
remember that a few days ago I offered a resolu-
tion calling for information from the Secretary of
the Navy, with reference to any experiments tried
in his Department coneerningagovernor for steam
marine engines. The report, I know, lias been
prepared in the Depaitment, but whether it has
keen sent here, and is on the Speaker's table or
not, I cannot say. It ought to have been here at
this time. In that report, when it comes before
us, it will be seen that, two years ago, the Navy
Department tried an experiment with reference to
this great desideratum upon our steamships and
prt>pollors.
Some three or four years ago the Secretary of
the Navy advertised for a governor to a steam
marine engine, for the purpose of protecting our
steam engines on shipboard from damage and loss
in storms and shipwrecks. Under that adver-
tisement various experiments were tried. Among
others, a young mechanic from my own district
invented a governor, and took out a patent for it
in France and England,as well as in this country.
At the request of the Secretary of the Navy, he
brought it to this city and fixed it up in the navy-
yard here. It was tfiere tried and found to be so
valuable that officers in chaige of the navy-yard
would not let it go. They kept it, paying the
inventor only tho price of making it. He had it
placed upon some of our steamships. It was
placed upon the Pocahontas at Norfolk, and the
inventor went with it to Cuba, to see whether it
would operate properly. It operated well, and
answered perfectly the purpose for which it was
designed. It operated so handsomely as to save
all risk and danger of breakage upon the steam-
ship; and the chief engineer of the Navy wrote a
report sanctioning it as the very desideratum
called for by the Secretary of the Navy. My
object in calling the attention of the committee to
this invention is, that just remuneration may be
made to the inventor. In the opinion of the Sec-
retary of the Navy it will save to the Government
the expenses incident to the use of steam engines
incur Navy.
Mr. SHERMAN. I suggest to my colleague
to strike out the words that the Secretary of the
Navy be instructed, and provide that he shall
authorize the use of this governor, if he deem it
best and expedient to do so.
Mr. COX, I acccpt the amendment; and I
hope the amendment,as modified, will be adopted.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was agreed to.
Marine Corps.—For pay of officers, non-commissioned
officers, musicians, private*, elciks, messengers, btcwaid^
suid seivants; for rations and clothing for servants, addi-
tional rations for five yeara'scrvice ; for undrawn clothing
and rations, bounties for reenlistments, $425,278 80.
Mr. GARNETT* I move to reduce that ap-
propriation §100,000; and I call for a division of
the committee on the amendment.
Mr. BRANCH* There is obviously no quorum
present; and many of those who are here would
like, I have no doubt, to go over to the Senate.
I move that the committee rise.
Mr. SHERMAN. Let us first get through
with this bill. However, I would not object to
taking a recess for an hour.
Mr. BRANCH. I insist on my motion that
the committee rise.
The committee divided; and there were ayes 7,
noes 44; no quorum.
Mr. SHERMAN. Let us go on and finish
this bill; and then we can rise and adjourn.
Mr. GARNETT. I have an hour's speech to
make on the bill; which the Chair, I know, will
decide to be pertinent; and I have also some two
or three thousand amendments to oiler.
The roll was then called; when the following
members failed to answer to their names:
Messrs. Charles F. Adams, Green Adams, Adratn, Allen,
Alley, Thomas L. Anderson, Ashlej, Ashmore, Avery,
Babbitt, Barksdalc, Barr, Bairet, Bcalc, Bingham, Blau,
Bocoek, Bonham, Boreler, Bouligny, Boyce, BralKon,
Bnggs, Brown, Burnett, Burnham, Buttcrfield, Campbell,
Carey, Carter, Horace F. Clark, John B. Claik, Clemens,
Clopton, Coburn, Clark 1L Cochiane, John Cochrane,
Conkluig, Convin, Cox, James Craig, Burton Grange, Craw-
ford, Curry, Curtis, II. Winter Davis, Keuben Davis,
Dawes, De Jamcttc, Delano, Dimmick, Ducll, Dunn,
Edmundson, Edwards, Ely, English, Etheridge, Fenton,
Fonke, Frank, Gamett, Gaitreil, Gooqh, Giaham, Hale,
Hall, Hamilton, Hardeman, J. Morrison llains, John rJ\
Harris,Ilaskin, Hiitton, Hawkins, Helmick, Hickman, Hill,
Hoard, Humphrey, Jackson, Jenkins, Keitt, Francis W.
Kellogg, William Kellogg, Kilgoie, lvunkel, Lamar, Lan-
dium, Lairabce, James M. Lcach, Leake, Lee, Logan,
Longnecker, Looims, Love, Lovejoy, Maclav, Marion,
Chailes 1). Mai tin, tflben S. Maiun, Maynard, McClei-
nund, McKcau, McKenty, MePheison, MeCAuecn, McRao,
Miles, Millw.ird, Montyomeiy, Sydenham Mooie, Moor-
head, Moi iill, \e|f.ou, N.\on, \'oell, Oim, Pahn'M i Pendle-
ton, Perry, Pettit, Peyton, Phelps, Potter, Pottle, Pivor.
Pugh, Uuatle-, Reagan. Edwin R. Reynold1-, Rice, Jnmcb
C. Robinson. Ru>t, Scott, Scranton, Sickles, Siriims, Sin-
gleton, William Smith, Somes, Spauldmg, Stalhvoith,
Steven^, Stevenson, James A. Stewart, William Stewart,
Taylor, Theakor, Thoina®, Underwood, Vallandigham,
Vance, Van Wyck, ("'adwaladet C. Washburn, Elhlm B.
Wat-libm ne, WelMei, Wilson, Wmdoin, Win&low, Wood,
Woodson, and Wnght.
The committee then rose, and the Speaker hav-
ing resumed the chair, Mr. Colfax repoi ted that
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union had,acccording to order, had the naval ap-
propriation bill under consideration, and finding
itself without a quorum, had caused the roll to be
called, and the absentees noted; and had directed
him to report the facts to the House.
Mr. FLORENCE. The House have not yet
got into the habit of coming here on Saturdays;
and believing that we shall do no business, as
there i« not a quorum present, I move that the
House do now adjourn.
Mr. SHERMAN. "VVe can pass this bill to-
day; and therefore I call for the yeas and nays
upon the motion to adjourn. There is a quorum
since they have come in from the Senate.
Mr. FLORENCE. I withdraw my motion to
adjourn.
Mr. SHERMAN, I move that the House
resolve itself into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER. As no quorum answered to
their names, no motion is in order, except a mo-
tion to adjourn or to call the House.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that there be a call
of the House. Many members have come in
since the call m the committee.
The motion was agreed to.
The roll was then called, when the following
members failed to answer to their names:
Mcbsr*. Allen, Alley, Thomas L. Anderson, Ashmore,
Bai k?dale, liari, Hanoi, Bonham, Bojcc, Biab^on, .Branch,
Briggs, Burnett, Campbell, barter, Horace F. Clark, Clop-
ton, Coburn, John Cochiane, Corwm, Covode, Cr.uvfoid,
Ctniy, Curtis, II. Winter Davis, Reuben Davis, Edwards,
Ely, English, Ethoridge, Farnsworth, Fiank, Hamilton,
Iiaideman, Haskin, Ilaukms, Hickman, Hill, Himlman,
Hoaid, Jackson, Jenkins. Keitt, lvunkel. Lamar, Land nun,
Larrabcc, Leake, Lee. Logan, Love, Macla\, Marion,
CharlesD. Martin, McClemand, MeClueen,McRne, Miles,
Millward, Mont'jomeiy, Sydenham Moore, Noell, Palmes,
Pendleton, Perry. Pettit," Phelps, Potter, Piyor, Pugh,
Reagan, Royce, Si-ott, Scranton, Siiiinu-, Singleton, Wil-
liam Smith, Somes, Spauldmg, Stallwouh, Stevens, James
A. Stewaif, Stout, Tappuu, Taj tor, Thayer, Underwood,
Vallandigham, Vandevcr, Van Wyck, CadwaJuder C.
Washburn, Webstei, Wilson, Wmslow, and Wood.
Mr. SHERMAN. A quorum having answered
to their names, I move that all further proceedings
under the call be dispensed with.
The motion was agreed to.
[A message was here received from the Senate
by Mr. Hickey, one of their clerks, notifying the
House thatthe Senate had passed, without amend-
ment, a bill of the House, for the relief of the as-
signee of Hon. David C. Broderick, deceased.]
Mr. SHERMAN moved that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. Colfax in the chair,) and resumed
the consideration of the naval appropriation bill;
the pending question being on striking out" 400,"
in line seventy-three, and inserting " 300."
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. GARNETT. I move to amend by strik-
ing out the word "freight," in line eighty-nine;
and upon that I call for a division.' * .
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Spinier,
and Craig of Missouri, were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 4, noes 92; no quorum voting.
During the division,
Mr. SHERMAN said: I give notice that I
will see who docs not vote, and I will report
their names to the committee.
Mr. GARNETT. I think the Chairman has
said that the rules of the House require that every
member shall vote. There is the gentleman by
my side, [Mr. Hindman7,] who did not vote. I
hope the Chair will enforce the rules upon him.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will say to the
gentleman from Virginia that, inasmuch as he in-
sists that the Chair shall call upon members to
vote who have not voted, he feels it his duty to
remind the gentleman from Virginia himself that
he has not voted.
Mr. GARNETT. Then I hope the Chair will
enforce the rules upon the gentleman from Vir-
ginia.
The CHAIRMAN. The chairman of the com-
mittee can only suggestto members that the rules
requue that cvciy member shall vote.
Mr. GARNETT. I submit, as a point of order,
that it is the duty of the Chair to report the names
of the delinquents to the House.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would state to
the gentleman from Virginia that it is not the
duty of the Chair, unless ordered by the commit-
tee, to report anything to the House.
Mr. BURNETT. I think, under the circum-
stances, that we had better, by unanimous con-
sent, rise and adjourn.
Tho CHAIRMAN. The rule is imperative
that the roll shall be called
The roll was then called; when the following
members failed to answer to their names:
Messrs. Allen, Alley, Thomas L. Anderson, Ashmore,
Babbitt, Baik.sdale, Barr, Barret, Beale, Bonham, Boyce,
Brab>on, Blanch, Burch, Burhngame, Campbell, Carter,
Horace F. Claik, Clopton, Coburn, Claik B. Cochiane,
Cotiklmg, Coiwm, Burton Craige, Ciawfbid, Curry, Cur-
tis, DavuLon, H. Winter Davit., John G. Davis, iteiibeu
Davis, Di-lnno, Edmundson, Edward?, Eliot, Ely, Englibh,
Etheudgc, Fainsworth, Fenton, Ferry, Frank, Garnctt,
Gilmer, Giaham, Hamilton. Iiaideman, J.Mouison Ilat-
ri^, Ha*kin, Hawkins, Hickman, Hill, Hmdman, Hoaid,
Holman, Hughes, Jackson, Jenkins, Keitt, William Kel-
logi{, Kunkel, Lamar, Lnndrum, Larrabee, James M.
Leach, Leake, Lee,Logan, Love, Maclay, Maiston,CharJea
1). Mattin, McCiemand, McQjiecn, Mcltae, Mile®-, Mill-
ward, Montgomcrj', Sydenham Mooie, Nelson, Noell, Olin,
Pahner, Pendleton', Ferry, Pettit, Phelps, Potter, Pottte,
Pijoj, Pugh, Reagan, Rice, Rufiin, Scott, Seianion, Snnms,
Singleton, William Smith. Somes, Stalhvoith, James A.
Stewart, Stout, Tappan, Taylor, Underwood, Valiandig-
ham, Yandever, Van Wyck, Webster, Whitcley, Wilson,
Wmslow, and Wood.
The committee then rose; and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, Mr. Colfax reported
that the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union had, according to order, had under
consideration the naval appropriation bill, and,
finding itself without a quorum, had caused the
roll to be called and the absentees noted, and had
directed him to report the fact to the House.
A quorum having answered to their names, the
committee resumed its session; the pending mo-
tion being to strike out the word " freight," in
line eighty-nine.
Mr. GARNETT called for a division.
