1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1811
tiny depends. Now is the emergency and exigency
upon us. Let us provide for them. Save ourselves
now, and trust to posterity and that Providence
which has so long and so benignly guided this
nation, to keep us from the further difficulties which
in our national career may be in our way.
I prefer the propositions which the convention
have made to my own propositions, because I
have no hope for my propositions. They have
not been so fortunate as to receive the favor of
my colleagues of the Senate from the North, the
men whose sanction of them was necessary to
give them effeet. I transfer all my hopes of peace
to these propositions and terms proposed by the
convention representing twenty-odd of the States
of this Union—a large majority of all the States.
I will not go into particulars about it; but since
gentlemen have made some allusion to the out-of-
aoor rumors and reports and sayings in respect
to this convention, I believe, that perhaps a ma-
jority of those who voted for these amendments
were men representing non-slaveholding States.
I do not know the fact, and I will not state it,
but I am under that impression now, and that
impression encourages my hopes that the Senate,
rather than see the country fall into ruin, fall into
dismemberment, limb from limb, and blood flow-
ing at the plucking out of every limb, will supply
the remedy which is proposed. It seems to me
proper and just. But little is asked, and great is
the reward, and mighty are the consequences that
are to flow from it.
Sir, I have occupied more of the time of the
Senate on this particular question than I ought to
have done.
Mr. MASON. Mr. President, there is a very
grave duty devolving upon the Senate on the
proposition which is now before us. We are
called upon, pursuant to the Constitution, to pro-
pose amendments to the Constitution. The fifth
article of the Constitution says this:
" The Congress, whenever two thirds of both Houses
shall deem it necessary, shall propose amendments to this
Constitution."
Now, sir, I cannot agree, for one, to propose
an amendment to this Constitution unless it has
the sanction and the approbation of myjudgment;
and I suppose no other Senator will. I am bound,
therefore, by every obligation of faith and honor
to rr)y State, when a proposition is submitted to
the Senate as one that should be proposed to the
States as an amendment to the Constitution, to
examine it and understand it, and see it in all its
bearings and effects, as far as my intellect will
enable me, and to propose it or to withhold it by
my vote, as I shall be guided by my judgment. I
can see no other position of a Senator.
Now, sir, what are the facts ? The country was
convulsed by the success in the late presidential
election of one of the political parties of the coun-
try. The tremor was evinced at once m all the
southern States, in a belief that their existence
and their safety was imperiled by that election.
Congress met. As was proper and necessary,
the very first act in each House was to appoint a
committee to take the condition of the country
into consideration, and see if, by any mode of
amendment to the Constitution, those perils could
bo avoided. A committee was raised in the col-
lateral branch. A committee was raised in this
Senate, 1 think upon the motion of the honorable
Senator from Kentucky, actuated as he always is
by principles of the highest patriotism. Those
committees met. Tiiey remained in anxious de-
liberation for weeks. What was the result ? They
were unable to agree. I think the committee came
before the Senate and admitted the fact. They
could agree upon no form of amendment which
they believed would remedy the evils and avert
the perils under which the country suffered.
In that state of things, the Legislature of Vir-
ginia—my own honored State—havingbeen called
into special session on the 19th of January, passed
a sciies of resolutions, one of which recites this:
That on behalf of the Commonwealth of Virginia, an
inV!fatMit K heiehy extended to ali suen States, whether
slaveholdmsi oj iion-&laveho!dm<:, a* are willmc to unite
witti Wgim.i in an earnest etloit to adjust the psesent un-
happy eenuoveibics m the spirit in which theConstitntion
v..i- <n iginalh toimed, and consistently with it*, principle1-,
so as to afford to the people of the >Iaveholdmg States
adequate guarantees for the security of then lights."
That is the recital of the resolution of the Legis-
lature of Virginia: " to afford to the people of the
slavehoiding States adequate guarantees for the
security of their rights;" and there was a further
provision, that, if those States should meet and
agree upon any form of adjustment, it should be
submitted to Congress. A number of the States—
some twenty or twenty-one, it seems—some by
their Legislatures, some by their Executive—met
the invitation of Virginia, and deputed commis-
sioners to the conference in Washington, to see
if they could agree upon a mode of adjustment.
We have the report of that conference before us
now, presented through a committee of this body,
and'they propose an additional article to the Con-
stitution. Mr. President, the honorable Senator
from Kentucky, who has pronounced so deserved
a eulogium upon that body, does not exceed me
in the respect which I bear to it. If there be one
more than another Senator upon whom it would
devolve to treat the work of that convention with
peculiar respect, it would devolve upon me and
my colleague, because they met at the invitation
of my State. I yield to none in the respectwhich
I bear to those gentlemen or to the purity of their
motives in the results which they have attained
in that conference; but, sir, I am bound by my
obligations to the Constitution, by my honor as
a man, by my faith to my own State, to under-
stand what they have done, and to exhibit it either
in recommendation or disapproval, as my judg-
ment may dictate. Jf ullius addictusjurare in verba
magistri.
I admit no authority to bind my judgment as
a representative of one of the States of the Union.
I yield my respect to what they have done; but I
will scan it, and if, in my honest, unbiased judg-
ment, I cannot recommend it as an amendment
to the Constitution, 1 am bound to withhold that
recommendation, and to give the reasons for it.
As I have said, sir, the State of Virginia, find-
ing that Congress was at a loss for a mode of
adjustment, invited the States to send commis-
sioners here for this purpose:
"To agiee upon something which would afloid to the
people o£ the s-Iaveholdnig Stated adequate guarantees for
the seeumy of their rights."
Virginia knew that, under the Constitution as
it was interpreted under the constituted authori-
ties of the country as they had been elected, there
was no security for their rights; and it was in the
hope of obtaining such a security—Congress fail-
ing to agree upon it—that, at her invitation, these
gentlemen fiurri the different States met here in
conference. 1 am to look, therefore, to their work,
and to see if it affords that security for their rights;
and if I am satisfied in my own judgment, as I
honestly am—and the reasons for which I am now
to announce to the world—that it not only affords
no security for the rights of the South, but takes
away what little they have, I should be a traitor
if I would rccommend it as an amendment to the
Constitution of the United States.
Now, sir, let us look at it. It is presented as
an entire article, to be the thirteenth article, if
adopted, of the Constitution. The first section of
it relates to the Territories—the great and difficult
point of division between the two sections. If
that could be overcome—if these rights that are
spoken of in the resolutions of Virginia in the
Territories could be guarantied by adequate se-
curities to the slavehoiding States—I believe the
rest of the path would be smooth. It embraces
almost the whole controversy. What securities
are provided in the Territories to the slavehoiding
States by this first section of the thirteenth article ?
It proposes to divide the present Territories—for
it is confined to them—by an east and west line,
a parallel of latitude. North of that line, there is
a clear cut entirely, unsusceptible of misinterpret-
ation. None can doubt what the condition of
servitude is north of that line. It is a clear cut;
is prohibited, and prohibited forever. No in-
terpretation can mistake it; no casuist can doubt
upon it; it is a work well done. North of that line
involuntary servitude, except for crime, is prohib-
ited. How is it south 3 My honorable colleague,
I think, has well said that, south cflf that line, for
our rights, at best we are remitted to a lawsuit. I
will ivjul the language:
Vor <liali a'tv law ho passed bv Oongro*? or the Teiri-
toria.1 Legi-latuic to hiniiet oi prevent the taking of such
pel sons—
That is, persons held to service—
from any of the States of tin* Union to said Territories,
n.ji to iinpiu tiie lights aiibing fiom Paid relation.
Neither Congress nor the Territorial Legisla-
ture has power to interfere with the rights arising
from the relation of master and servant, or master
and slave. That is the meaning; that is clear.
What next?
But the same—
The rights resulting from the relation of master
and slave—
shall be subject to judicial cognizance in the Federal courts,
according to the course of the common law.
There is the security for the rights of the South.
South of that line they are remitted to the courts
under the common law. Now, sir, let us examine
that. By this section, if it is adopted as an article
of the Constitution, the common law, eo nomine,
is made a part of the Constitution, so far as it af-
fects the relations of master and slave. Now, what
is the common law ? Who is there upon this floor
that will tell me what common law is meant by
this section ? With all my respect for the thorough
knowledge and the legal acquirements of the hon-
orable Senator from Kentucky, I know he cannot
tell me what common law is meant by that first
section. We know, as jurists, what is meant by
the term common law, for it is a technical term.
The common law is the law of England, the un-
written law of England, the lex non scripta. That
is the common law in its legal acceptation. Is it
then, the law of England that is made a part of
the Constitution, and to which the master is re-
mitted for the security of his rights between him
and his servant? Will any gentleman tell me that
it is the common lawof England that is to be made
a part of the Constitution to which we are to be
remitted ? If it is the common law of England,
is it the common law of England as it stands at
this day, on the 1st of March, 1861?
Mr. CRITTENDEN. If my friend will allow
me, I take it that that term applies only to the
remedies known to the common law. The laws
of the Territories are to be enforced, and the rem-
edies under them are to be administered according
to the common law. The master is to have his
rights according to the law of the Territory, and
to secure those rights according to the common
law.
Mr. MASON. The language of the section is,
that neither Congress nor the Territorial Legisla-
ture shall interfere "to impair the rights arising
from this relation c/f master and slave; " but the
same"—that is, this relation between masterand
slave—" shall be subject to judicial cognizance in
the Federal courts, according to the course of the
common law."
Now, the honorable Senator says that means
only the remedy of the common law; that you are
to take the law of the Territory, whatever it may
be, and administer that, by confining it to the rem-
edies known to the common law. I deny the in-
terpretation. The Senator may be right, or I may
be right. I say the text does not warrant the in-
terpretation. The text refers to the rights in
the relation of master and slave, and says they
(those rights) shall be the subject of judicial cog-
nizance, according to the course of common law.
Now, I ask, what is the common law that is thus
made a part of the Constitution for the subject to
which it refers? Is it the law of England ? There
is no common law, that I am aware of, known to
jurists as the law of England. There is no com-
mon law in the State of Virginia, and, I presume,
none in the State of Kentucky, as common law.
The State of Virginia, when it became independ-
ent as a colony of Great Britain, adopted and
made its own that which before had been the
common law of England, and therefore the com-
mon law of the colony. The State of Virginia,
(and I instance that only because I am familiar
with it,) when it became independent, adopted as
its law the common law of England, as that com-
mon law stood atthe commencement of the fourth
year of James 1; and thereby, by statute, made
that which had been the common law the law of
Virginia. Now, it is the law of Virginia, not be-
cause it is the common law, but because statutes
made it the law of Virginia. But is the common
law of Virginia, if you will call it by that namo,
the common law of Kentucky; or is the common
law of Kentucky the common lav/ of Missoiui;
or is the law of those throe States, or any other
State, now the common law of England? I de-
mand to know, therefore, when we make the com-
mon law a pare of the Constitution, il this enact-
ment should prevail, what is meant by the common
law? To that vague, giand residuum of judicial
