1312
THE- CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1.
legislation we are to be remitted for our rights
between master and slave, if this is enacted.
Now,sir,supposcitwereso; my colleague has
well said (and I will not repeat it after liira, for
X should only weaken it) that there is not one
judicial interpreter or expounder of the common
law, in any one of the free States, in reference to
the relation of master and slave, that does not
den y that the master has any property in his slave,
at this day and this hour. Why, sir, what is the
pending controversy between the State of Ohio,
one of the free States, and the State of Kentucky,
one of the slave States—a controversy depending
here recently in the Supreme Court? The Gov-
ernor of Kentucky demanded, under the Consti-
tution, the rendition of a fugitive from justice, who
had abducted a slave from Kentucky, and carried
him into Ohio. The Governor of Ohio refused
the demand, upon the ground that there could he
no stealing of a man; that thcrecould be no prop-
erty in man; and that the slave, being a man, was
not a subject of theft, of larceny; and he refused,
and refuses up to this day, under the common
law, to recognize the existence of property in man.
Now, take the common law of England at this
day: here, within the last three or four weeks,
the Gtueen's Bench, in England, has declared as
the common law, that if a slave murders his mas-
ter, or murders the agent of his master, in the
attempt to recapture him, he is justified. That is
the common law, to which we are to be remitted
for the rights resulting from the relations of mas-
ter and slave. Sir, I have looked back a little, to
see what the common law was in England in this
famous Somersett case. I find this in the argu-
ment of the counsel there, expounding the com-
mon law, which was afterwards sustained by
Lord Mansfield in his.decision:
" But it has been said by great authorities-, though sla-
very, in its full extent, he incompatible with the natural
rights of mankind, and the punciples of good government,
yet a moderate servitude maybe tolerated, nay, sometimes
must bo maintained."
And again:
"There is now, at last, an attempt, and the first yet
Known, to introduce it [slavery] into England. Long and
unmteiuipted linage, fi^m the'origm of the common law,
stand-* to oppose it^ revival."
And again:
A new species has novel ausen till now; fur had it,
remedies and powers Then; would have been at law; there-
foie, the most violent presumption against it is the silence
ol tile laws, weie there nothing more. It i-> vety doubtful
whether the laws of ICnclaud will pet tint a man to bind Inm-
5-eit by contract to seive lot life; eeitamly will not Miller
iuin to invent another man with despotism, nor pi event his
own indu to dispose of propei J\."
And again:
"There are very few instances few, indeed, of decis-
ions a-i to clav« <* tn this eountiy Two in Charles II, where
it was adjudged trover would he. Chambeilayno and Per-
rin, William III, tlover brought for taking a negio stave;
adjudged it would not he. 4th Ann., action of tto\er,
judgment by default. On aricst of judgment, resolved that
trover would not lie. Such the determinations in all but
two oa^e*: and those the eailiest, and disallowed by the
subsequent decisions. Lort Hold : 'A* soon as a slave en-
ters England he becomes free.' "
In the opinion of the court, of Lord Mansfield,
as to these principles of common law, that very
distinguished and able, judge, who made the law,
as I understand, for the occasion, but certainly
ruled it as the common law, says this:
" The btate of slavery is of such a nature that it is in-
capable oi being intiodnced on an\ reasons, moial oi polit-
ical ; but only positive law, vqjiieh pieserves its foiee long
alter the reasons, occasion, and time itself 1'ioni whence it
was cieated, i.s eiased Horn memory. ii\s so odious that
nothing can bo Mtftei ed to-upport it but positive law. What-
c\ (ii inconveniences, thereloio, ma> follow fiotn a decision,
f cannot say tins.ease is allowed or appioved by the law
OJ England." I
I need not go back to authoiity. We have it j
abundantly in our own country in all the free |
States, so tar as I know*, without exception. They ;
deny what the amendment of my honorable friend j
from Kentucky nfiiim^. They deny that there is
property m a slave. The amendment of the Sen- j
atoraffums there ts propeity in a slave. This
section is silent, ominously silent, portentously
and potentially silent. It is nut only silent, Mr.
President, bat when it leieis you to tiiat code of ,
law which is to protect tin- right ol the niastei to
the slave, it ictlrs you to the common law, and 1
the common law to be expounded by the Federal :
courts, and the common law, winch is judicially I
and historically known to the whole country, to i
be expounded in all the free States as one that ;
denies that very property which we say must be ii
secured. That is our position under this section.
Sir, the State of Virginia has said that we must
have adequate guarantees; and I am asked here to ;
vote away what little guarantees we have. I am
asked, almost in the high ethics or morals of re-
vealed religion, when my adversary takes away
my cloak, that I shali give him ray coat also. I
am required to do that by this section. We be-
lieve that our rights are secured under the present
Constitution; we know that they have been with-
held by the political party which has now come
into power; we believe that they are insecure un-
less there are further and adequate guarantees;
but, so far from their being proposed by the sec-
tion before us, in my judgment, what little we
had is taken away. Sir, I cannot vote for these
propositions. I regret it. I was prepared, whether
it had the approval of my judgment or not, to fol-
low the instructions of my State, and to vote for
the amendment offered by the honorable Senator
from Kentucky after it had been modified, as was
required by the resolutions of my State. The res-
olution of the State of Virginia says this:
"Resolved, That m the opinion of the General Assembly
of Virginia, the pioposiiious embraced m the lesolutions
presented to the Senate of the United States by Hon. John
J. Crittenden"—so modified as that the first article pro-
posed as an amendment to the Constitution of the United
States shall apply to all the teriitory of the United States
now held, or hereafter acquired, south of latitude 38° 3D',
and provide that siaveiy ot the African lace shall be effect-
ually piotectcd as piopeity therein, during the continuance
of the teiritonal government, and the fourth article shall
secure to the owners of slaves the right of transit with their
slaves between and through the non-siaveholdmtj States
and Tcmtoiies—constitute the basisof such an adjustment
of the unhappy eontioveisy which now divides the States
of tins Oonfedciacy, as would be accepted by the people of
this Commonwealth.
The amendment of the Senator from Kentucky
was so modified, I do not know whether at the
instance of Virginia or not; but it was modified
by a vote of this Senate, so as to embrace what
was required in the resolutions of Virginia. I am
not at liberty to recommend, or, in the language
of the Constitution, to propose to the States this
section of the thirteenth article; because it not
only withholds, but denies by withholding, any
security, far less that security which the State of
Viiginia lequiies.
There are further provisions in this proposition
that are objectionable, one of which was pointed
out by my colleague: that which calls upon Con-
gress to legislate on that clause of the Constitu-
tion which secures to the citizens of one State all
the privileges and immunities of citizens of the
several States. I need not say that any legisla-
tion on that subject by Congress would be any-
thing but the messenger ot peace to which the
honorable Senator from Kentucky looks. Why,
sir, it has been found indispensable in slavchold-
ing States, as a pat t of th< ir police regulations,
to punish all persons who were either of the
State or otherwise, who tamper with the slaves,
who have intercourse with them that is forbidden
by law, far more those who preach to them sedi-
tion, or insurrection, or revolt; and yet, if we
were to be controlled within the body of the State
by Fedeial relations in our interior police, we
should be completely at the mercy of the free
States.
Mr. President, I should have been certainly
gratified, if my honored State of Virginia had
been successful in the mediation which she in-
vited of all the States, with a view to ngree upon
an adjustment which would guaranty the rights
of the South. 1 deeply deplore, and I doubt
not my "State will deplore, that that mediation has
not been effected. So far from impugning any
motives or purpose of that, honorable and distin-
guished body, I doubt not that, in the snort time
that was allowfd to them, they got together the
best mode of adjustment which would satisfy their
judgment, but which I am sure will not satisfy
the judgment of the southern States, but would
place them in still greater peril, if they were to
I admit that to become a pait of the Constitution.
: 1 did not inteiyj to do more than state my objec-
i tions to it as briefly as 1 could. I have done so
• temperately and without heat. 1 regret that 1
j cannot, as one Senator, ptopose this os an amend-
ment to the C'onsijtution.
Mr.CHITTENDEN. J wish only to repiyfor
a single moment to the material objection mged
by the Senator from Virginia. The portion of
the article to which the Senator from Virginia ob-
jects, declares that the status of peisons bound to
service and labor shall remain unchanged; that
neither Congress nor the Territorial Legislature
shall pass any law affecting the relation, or the
rights growing out of the relation between master
and servant—I do not pretend to recite the exact
words; but that is the exact idea—well knowing
that, according to the laws of the Territory, the
status of slavery was fully established, and all the
rights of the master in and to his servant estab-
lished, as they exist in the State of Missouri, or
the State of Virginia, by positive law of the Ter-
ritory. It is therefore equivalent to saying that
that law shall stand, when it says that the status
shall continue unchanged. It then goes on to say
(which I admit was altogether unnecessary) that
the remedy for the violation of the rights of the
master, whatever they might be, shall be had i n the
Federal courts, and according to the coursepf the
common law. Now, sir, what right does this
take away from any slaveholder? That law which
secured and gave him a right, is declared to be
unchangeable. That law acknowledges his prop-
erty in any sense in which you please to take it,
or in any sense in which it is applicable. It ac-
knowledges it, and gives legal remedies for the
violation of it; and in addition to all that, and, as
I admit, by a sort of pleonasm of expression, it
says that he shall have his remedy in the Federal
court, according to the course of the common
law.
Mr. MASON. Will the Senator allow me a
moment?
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Certainly.
Mr. MASON. With the permission of the
Senator I will put this proposition to him: He
says that the meaning of the language, " accord-
ing to the course of the common law," is confined
to the remedy. Now, admitting that to be the
case, for the sake of the argument, suppose,in one
of these Territories, a slave is purloined, seduced,
got away; the slaveof A gets into the possession
of B, and he is there at work for him upon his
farm, or in his house, and A brings an action of
trover to recover him; that is an action known to
the common law; and the decision of the Federal
court is,that trover lies only to recover property,
and a slave is not property: what is the remedy?
That is the decision m England; and I presume
it would be the decision in the free States, if the
suit were brought.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. It was to avoid gfting-
into definitions of that sort that this language was
employed in the amendments of the convention.
They saw and had before them the law of New
Mexico, which did acknowledge the existence of
this light as fully as it is acknowledged by the
law of Virginia. However it may be disputed
here, however legal opinions may differ aboutit,
the law of New Mexico established propeity m
slaves; and there the law stands; and the conven-
tion now comes and says that status shall remain
unchan <*ed
Mr. BRAGG. Oh! no.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. That is the resolution.
Mr. BRAGG. Will the honorable Senator
allow me a word, for I am very anxious to under-
stand it?
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Certainly.
Mr. BRAGG. The Senator says it provides
that that law, the law of New Mexico. whate\er
it may be, shall remain unchanged, if I under-
stand him, and that that fixes the status of slavery
m the Territory. I call the attention of the Sen-
ator to the language. I think that only fixes the
status of persons now in the Territory, and not
those to be carried there hereafter—not the status
of slavery, but the status of persons who are there
now, held to service or labor, and not the status of
those who are to be carried there m future. That
is provided for in the language which it follows in
another part.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Here it is, sir:
" In all the pit M>nt toiutory south of that line"*—
Which I have explained, and which gentlemen
admit to bo cmbiared m the Territory of New
Mexico—
"the status ofpeisons held to involnntaiy sendee or labor,
a-? it now exists.''
U is not us to such slaves as are now there, but
such shivery as now exists.
Mr. BRAGG. If it said that, I admit that it
would cover the status of slavery.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. It does say that. It
seems to me that is the only constiuction that can
