THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Sixth Congress, 2d Session.
SATURDAY, MARCH 2, 1861.
New Series No. 83.
be given to the language. It could not be intended
to confine it to the twenty-six slaves that are now-
held there, especially when they provided, in a
subsequent article, that it shall be lawful for any
one to carry slaves there.
Mr. BRAGG. Will the honorable Senator
again allow mo to interrupt him?
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Certainly.
Mr. BRAGG. I have not the slightest doubt
that a great many who voted for the proposition
consider it as the Senator does. I have equally
as little doubt that others intended to mean pre-
cisely what I have stated. I cannot see, for my
life, while they were framing a constitutional pro-
vision, why they did not place this matter beyond
any sort of doubt. If they intended to recognize
slavery, they could have said so in one word. If
they intended not to recognize it, they could have
said it in another word. If they intended to mys-
tify and leave m doubt, then they have been very
successful in accomplishing their purpose.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. " In all the present ter-
ritory south of that line, the status of persons held
to involuntary service or labor as it now exists;"
not as they now exist; not in respect to those that
are there now; but part of the same sort of slavery
which now exists, shall continue to exist un-
changed until the Territory becomes a State; and
in the mean time persons shall be admitted to go
into that Territory and carry their slaves with
them. Now, I submit it to my honorable friend
if it is not entirely improbable that any such con-
"struction as he suggests can prevail before any
coui t that seeks to attain the real intention of the
parties who made this proposition? Itis such sla-
very as now exists. Persons held to thatservico—
you may carry as many there as you piease. Put
them both together, and they would read so; and
they being in the same instrument, can there be a
doubt that ought to alarm us here, that the con-
stmction will be given to it which I place upon
it, that it was intended not to be confined merely
to persons now there and held to servitude, but
as well to those who might be carried there here-
after? This is all I will say in reference to that;
and I submit it to the candor and the judgment of
my honorable friend from North Carolina, m
which 1 have entire confidence, whatever result
lie may come to, that if we put the two propo-
sitions together, all doubt would seem to be rc-
nim.-d.
Now, sir, my friend from Virginia will argue
this question as if the question of slavery was
to be decided according to the course of the com-
mon law, and then refers us to the express decla-
rations and decisions as though the common law
decided that slavery could not exist. What sort
of construction would that make of this provis-
ion? Here they have provided that the law
establishing slavery shall exist, that the property
of the master in lum shall be. recognized as it is
there established by law; and then the gentleman
supposes that to be exactly contradictory, to refer
to the common law as furnishing the rule of de-
cision, which common lawsays there can be no
pi operty, as he interprets it, in man, and that when
trover was brought for a slave—
Mr. MASON. Not as I interpret it, but as
interpreted in England.
Mr, CRITTENDEN. I know that. lie says
it may be so mteipreted; that when trover was
brought for a slave in England, the judges decided
there was no property in man. Could the same
judges, sitting m a court m New Mexico, have
given that decision when the law there established
such property? In such a case, their decision
imist be different. They are referring, according
tu him, to two contradictory rules: one establish-
ing slavery and acknowledging property in the
master, and the other the common law denounc-
ing and deciding against the right of property in
man. This could not have been their intention,
ma* can this be the construction. We cannot
constdei these gentlemen to have changed their
opinion from one sentence to another, to have loft
an incongruity and a contradiction expressed upon
the face of the same section.
88
Nor, sir, do they refer—and that is my answer
to my friend from Virginia—to the common law
as furnishing the rule of decision at all. The pro-
ceedings shall be according to the course of the
common law; thatis all. If any violation is done
to the lights of the master, he may sue; and,
for his greater security, he may  ue in the Fed-
eral courts; and, for "greater security still, the law
shall be administered according to the course of
the common law. The common law is referred
to as determining the mode of trial. We say
according to the course of the civil law, and we
say according to the course of the common law.
What do we mean? We mean this marked and
characteristic and essential difference: the course
of the civil law is for the judge, without the in-
tervention of a jury, to decide facts as well as
the law. The common law takes away from
the judge the power of deciding the facts, and
demands a trial by jury. What this convention
mean, therefore, by this provision is, that trial
shall be by jury, according to the course of the
common law. That is the explanation of the
difficulty, and thus all doubt is removed. By
these plain provisions—plain in themselves, and
made plainer still by being taken with the con-
text—they say you shall have your rule of right,
according to the law of the Territory which is in
your favoi as to the right to hold persons as prop-
erty; that law shall be your security; you shall
have a remedy for any violation of that right in
the Federal courts, and you shall have that rem-
edy, not according to the course of the civil law,
in which the judge is to decide, who might bo
against you, but m which a jury shall be called
to decide the fact according to the course of the
common law. That is the whole of it.
Mr. MASON. Mr. President 
Mr. POLK. If the Senator will allow me, be-
fore the Senator from Kentucky sits down, 1 will
ask him if the Mexican law establishes slavery,
or if it does anything more than to protect the
right of the master to his slave? If that is the
only establishment of it, then it is established by
implication merely.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I really do not know
whether the gentleman would consider it as es-
tablishing or merely protecting. 1 do not know
that there is a law in any State of the Union that
eo nomine establishes slavery; I do not know.
Mr. POLK. The object of the inquiry was this:
it has been contended heretofore that, by the law
of Mexico, there could be no slavery there; and
then there is another law of New Mexico pro-
fessing to protect the right of property. I have
never seen that New Mexican law.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I believe I have an-
swered the gentleman as far as my information
extends. I have examined that law. It is as strong
in favor of the master as the laws of Kentucky or
Missouri. I believe it is the law of Mississippi
transcribed literally, verbatim. That is my un-
derstanding. The law is as complete on the sub-
ject as the law of any State that 1 know of.
Mr. MASON. Mr. President, if the Senator
from Kentucky is right, and, in the interpretation
of this section, the courts are necessarily to con-
sider the expression " according to the course of
the common law," to which slaveholders are re-
ferred tor the enforcing of the relation of master
and slave, as referring only to common-law rem-
edies, then I am at no loss to conceive, after our
expeiience of judicial interpietation against sla-
very, by what sort of artificial and sophistic rea-
soning those judges of the Federal courts may feel
themselves bound to withhold the remedy. Why,
Sir, arc we to shut our ears and our eyes against
experience passing before us every day ? What
is the present Constitution ? The second section
of the fourth article is m these words:
u A pei-on ciiartrcd In any State with treason, felony, or
othei who'•li.iii Ik'e liom ]ii«tiee. and be louiul in
anoihci •< *1 on demand ul the c\eewme authority
of the f^t.ue fic-m which he fled, be diddered up, to h>*  <?-
inoved to thp t^tate having jurisdiction ol the crane.,J
That is the text of the Constitution. What is
the interpretation in the free States? In the State
of Kentucky an African is property, under their
laws and usages, and has been so for two h undred
years; for it was so when it was a part of Vir-
ginia; and did it ever enter into the mind of man
to conceive that this plain text of the Constitution
would be resisted, upon the ground that property
in man was notacknowledged? And yet it isdone.
Iflam not mistaken, the honorable. Senator from
New York, [Mr. Seward,] not now in his seat,
when Governor of New York, made that very
question with the Governor of Virginia; and see-
ing this, are we to be willingly blind to this as the
actual, judicial, and executive interpretation in
everything that affects the question of slavery as
it stands in that section, and that, too, while we
are seeking equality? Sir, it never entered into
the mind of man, at the time this Constitution was
funned, to credit that the time could evercomein
the relations of these States when a man who fled
from the State of Kentucky because he had stolen
a negro into the State of Ohio, was screened from
the operation of the Constitution, because in Ohio
they do not deem a negro to be the subject of prop-
erty; and yet that is the fact, the very issue now
depending between those States; and we are aslied
to bo blind, willingly blind, to all that experience
at the very time we are attempting to secure a
guarantee for violated rights!
Now, I said, Mr. President, that, if I were to
tax my ingenuity, I might find a mode, even if
the honorable Senator is right in ascribing to this
clause of the section the necessary interpretation
that it refers to remedies only. The Senator says
the previous part of the section establishes the
relation, as he construes it, not directly like the
resolution of the honorable Senator which we
offer here as an amendment which establishes di-
rcctly that there is property in slaves. Thifs does
not; but designedly avoids it; not from any im-
proper motive—1 do not ascribe that—biftitis not
only silent, but it avoids the very question. I sup-
pose the honorable Senator is right in saying this
language, judicial cognizance, according to the
course of the common law, refers only to the rem-
edy. Now, I tax my ingenuity to know how a
court, in one of the free States, always leaning,
of course, against slavery, would reason out that
proposition, whether the remedy could be applied.
Suppose an action of trover is brought. The in-
quiry would be, what is the remedy? We are
told th]«? is the lemedy for which you are to ap-
ply to the law. A icmedy is nothing in the world
but a redress, for wrong. Before you can apply
theremedy, therefore,you must ascertain whether
.a wrong has been committed for which the rem-
edy is adequate. Well, it comes from one side: the
wrong was m taking the negro from the possession
of the ownei, against the local law of the Terri-
tory. The answer would be, " that may be true as
far as the local law of the Territory is concerned;
but here the Constitution adopts the common law
as part of its text, and points the judges to the
common law, and it applies^the remedy. Now,
the remedy is redress of the wrong, and we are
bound to see that the wrong is one to which the
remedy is applicable. The remedy is to recover
property in the possession of one who is not enti-
tled to it, and the common law, which applies that
remedy to that wiong, says there is no wrong in-
flicted by taking the negro from the possession
of his owner. It comes to that. It is suggested
to me, by the honorable Senator from Veimont,
[Mr. Collameb,] that the common law, as a lem-
edy, is one applicable to a common-law wrong. I
do not say that the reasoning is just; I do not say
that it is juridical; but I say, in our experience,
we should be willingly blind if we take that for
a security which will only be a snare.
Mr. PUGH. Mr. President, it is very well
known to the Senate that I prefer the proposition
of the Senator from Kentucky, as a matter of
individual choice, for the proposition which is
pioposed by the peacc conference. Nevertheless*
that conference having been authorized, if not by
Congress, atall events, so far as my State is con-
cerned , by the act of her Legislature; and an over-
whelming majority of the commissioners having
