1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
olutions of the Senator from Virginia, by unani-
mous consent,be considered as before the Senate,
without displacing the Kansas bill.
Mr. PTJGH. I have objected to that. Let us
have it by a vote.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Then the bill
before the Senate is the act to admit Kansas into
the Union.
• Mr. CRITTENDEN. The question is upon
the reconsideration of the last vote, I think.
Mr. GREEN. My motion is to postpone thjt
bill, and make it the special order for Wednesday
next at one o'clock.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on an amendment to the bill. That is the im-
pression of the Chair.
Mr. GREEN. That is not the question, Mr.
President.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. X understood the Sen-
ator from Missouri to move a reconsideration.
Mr. GREEN. No, sir. I moved to postpone
to a day certain—Wednesday next at one o 'clock.
The other motion was for an indefinite postpone-
ment. This makes a definite postponement, and
is perfectly in order under the rules.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I understand from the
Chair, that the question is on an amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now is on the motion to postpone the bill before
the Senate until Wednesday of this week, and
make it the special order for that day at one
o'clock.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I shall vote for that mo-
tion, merely to afford the Senator from Missouri
[Mr. Polk] the opportunity of speaking. When
I voted in the negative on the last vote that was
taken by yeas and nays, I did so on a mere ques-
tion of competition of business—nothing else. I
did not know that there was any question of cour-
tesy to the honorable Senator from Missouri. I
merely voted for it as a question of business, and
of the preference of business. I say this not be-
cause I desire to acquit my self of the charge which
the honorable Senator from Louisiana has made
against this body pronouncing it a proceeding un-
worthy of the Senate. I say, sir, that I do not do
it to acquit myself of any part of that rebuke of
the Senator; but I do it because I think it is a
proper matter of courtesy, when I understand the
request of the gentleman. I do not think, how-
ever, that the action of the Senate should be char-
acterized in the language in which it has been
done.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is the Senate
ready for the question ?
Mr. POLK. What is the motion before the
Senate ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion of
the Senator from Missouri, [Mr. Green,] which
is to postpone the bill now under consideiation,
until Wednesday next, and make it t,he special
order for one o'clock on that day. That is the
motion now before the Senate.
Mr. POLK. I have only to say that I am sat-
isfied, from what gentlemen have said, that in the
vote that was taken, they misunderstood the re-
mark that I made, and did not vote as they did
with a view of violating what had been the unin-
terrupted courtesies, heretofore, of the Senate . I
stated that I preferred to speak on the resolutions
that had been postponed until to-day, and made
the special order upon my motion, with a view of
my having an opportunity to address the Senate
on them, and that if that should not be done, I
could make my speech on the other special order;
but I preferred not to do it. I did not say that I
would not make my speech on the other special
order. „
Mr. CLARK. Will the Senator from Mis-
souri allow me to ask him how long atime he will
require, with a view of making a motion to post-
pone this Kansas bill as long as may be necessary.
Mr. POLK. i will state to the Senator that 1
cannot tell exactly how long I may speak to the
Senate. I hope, however, not to weary their
patience unnecessarily.
Mr. CLARK. I move to amend so as to post-
none the consideration of the bill until halt past
three o'clock; and then I will move another post-
ponement, if that is not long enough.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
must be taken on the longest time first. A mo-
lion is made to postpone the .lui'thcr considera-
tion of the bill until Wednesday at one o clock
in the afternoon. An amendment is proposed to
that motion, that it shall be postponed until half-
past three o'clock to-day. In a, matter of this
sort the question must be taken on the longest
time first. Is the Senate ready for the question
on the motion of the Senator from Missouri, to
postpone the further consideration of the bill until
Wednesday next at three o'clock, and make it
the special order for that time?
The motion was agreed to; there being, on a
division—ayes 25, noes 19.
CIVIL APPROPRIATION BILL.
The bill (H. R. No. 895) making appropria-
tions for sundry civil expenses of the Govern-
ment for the year ending June 30,1862, was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Committee
on Finance.
SCHOONER SPRING HILL.
The joint resolution (H. R. No. 55) authoriz-
ing the Secretary of the Treasury to change the
name of the schooner Spring Hill to that of the
United States, was read a first time by its title, and
ordered to a second reading.
Mr. GRIMES. I have been requested to move
that that bill be taken up and actcd upon at once.
I believe it is a bill merely proposing to change
the name of a vessel. I make that motion.
There being no objection, the joint resolution
was read a second time, and considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole. It was reported to the Sen-
ate without amendment, ordered to a third read-
ing, read the third time, and passed.
MESSAQJ5 FROM THE IIOUSB.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Forney, its Clerk, announced that the
House had passed the following bills, in which
the concurrence of the Senate was requested:
A bill (No. 929) for the relief of the register of
the land office at Vincennes, Indiana, and for
other purposes; and
A bill (No. 583) for the relief of the heirs and
legal representatives of Jean A. B. Dauterive.
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
The message further announced that the House
had passed a bill (No. 914) making appropria-
tions for the naval service for the year ending the
30th of June, 1863; in which the concurrence of
the Senate was requested.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
Themessagefurtherannounced that the Speaker
had signed the following enrolled bills; which
thereupon received the signature of the Vice Pres-
ident:
A bill (H. R. No. 921) for the relief of the
assignee of Hon. David C. Broderick; and
A bill (S. No. 144) for the relief of Jeremiah
Pendergast, of the District of Columbia.
PRINTING OP DOCUMENTS.
The message further announced that the House
had ordered the printing of the following docu-
ments, 011 January 12, 1661:
A letter from the Secretary of the Interior,
transmitting a transcript of certain private land
claims in New Mexico—ordered at twelve o'clock
and fourteen minutes.
A letter from the Secretary of War ad interim,
transmitting information in relation to depreda-
tions committed by the Indians m the Territories
of Oregon and Washington—ordered at twelve
o'clock and fifteen minutes.
IIOUSB BILLS REFERRED.
The following bills from the House of Repre-
sentatives were severally read twice by their
titles, and referred as indicated below:
A bill (No. 929) for the relief of the register of
the land otfice at Vincennes, Indiana, and for
other purposes—to the Committee on Public
Lands.
A bill (No 914) making appropriations for the
naval service for the year ending the 30th of
June, 1862—to-the Committee on Finance.
A bill (No. 583) for the relief of the heirs and
legal representatives of Jean A. B. Dauterive—
to°the Committee on Private Land Claims.
RAILROAD TO THE PACIFIC.
Mr. WILSON. I desire to make a simple
motion m regard to business. On a motion-of
mine the Pacific railroad bill lost its place; I now
move that it be taken up and specially assigned
for to-morrow at one o'clock.
Mr. LATHAM. I believe that bill has al-
ready been made the special order for to-morrow
at one o'clock.
Mr. WILSON. No, sir; it has not. Itisout
of place. I have inquired at the Secretary's desk.
Mr. LATHAM. Then I hope the motion
will be agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is moved
that the Senate take up the Pacific railroad bill,
for the purpose of assigning a day for its consid-
eration.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
the Committee of the Whole, resumed the con-
sideration of the bill (H. R. No. 701) to secure
contracts and make provision for the safe, cer-
tain, and more speedy transportation, by railroad,
of mails, troops, munitions of war, military and
iWval stores, between the Atlantic States and
t&se of the Pacific, and for other purposes; and
11 P°Stp°ned t0' and made tlle sf'ecial or<^er
of The day for, to-morrow at one o'clock.
FORTS AND ARSENALS IN THE STATES.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
following resolution, submitted by Mr. Hotter   J
on the 2d instant:
Whereas certain forts, magazines, arsenals, dock-yards,  
and other needful buildings, have been placed under the
exclusive jurisdiction of the United States by a cession to
that effect fiom certain States, and it may be the desire of
one or more of those States to resume the jurisdiction thus
ceded : Now, therefore,
Be it tcsolved, That the President of the United States
ought to be authorized by law, upon the application of the
Legislature, or of a regular convention of the people, of any
such States, to retrocede this jurisdiction to such.States,
upon taking properseeurity lor the safe-keepingand return
of all the property of the United States, or for paying for
the value of the wniie if debtioyed or injured by the act of
any of the States making such application.
The pending question was on the amendment
of Mr. Trumbull, which was to strike out the
preamble, and all the resolution after the word
u that," and, in lieu of it, to insert:
We fully approve of the hold and patriotic act of Major
Anderson, in withdrawing from Port Moultrie to Fort Sum-
ter, and  Hhe determination of the President to maintain
that fearless ofliccr in his present position; and that we
will support the President in all constitutional measures to
enforce the laws and preserve the Union.
Mr. POLK. Mr. President, in the momentous
crisis precipitated upon the country, I have felt
constrained hitherto to refrain from participating
in the debate occasioned by it. I have feared that
if I should speak I might say something which
might be productive of harm; that, under the
pressure of excitcmcnt or of interest for my State
and constituents, I might not heed as implicitly
as I ought the dictates of moderation and patriot-
ism.
But, representing, in part, on this floor, a State
whose welfare I know is most deeply involved—a
border slaveholding State, and though one of the
youngest, yet one of the most populous of the
southern States; indeed, the first of all of them
in white population—I feel that duty allows me
to remain silent no longer.
Mr. President, the Roman historian, Tacitus, in
describing the condition of the eternal imperial
city when about to leceive the shock of one of
those startling revolutions which transferred the
imperial purpie from one Emperor to another,
used this language: '• Non tumultus, non quies,
sed quale magnai irce, magni metus, silentium
There was not tumult, there was not
quiet; but the silence of great wrath and great
fear. This, I apprehend, is the condition of the
southern half of our Confederacy at this hour.
The noise and cxcitement of the late presidential
canvass are past. The contest is decided. Sec-
tionalism and anti-slavery fanaticism have tri-
umphed; their candidates are elected; and now
there is the calm, the silence, of men settled in
their purpose to accept the stern alternative forced
upon them by the result. Now look, in the other
direction, at the North. What is the state of the
case there ? At first astonishment; then, among
the honest and patriotic masses, regret, profound
and wide-spiead.
The two sections arc brought by the result lace
to face, not in fraternal greeting, but in unnatural
antagonism, separated by a geographical line.
What is the condition of things all over the entire
Confederaey, both North and South? Universal
panic, prostration of credit, public and puva e.
