1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1317
safety route. We are compelled to diverge, and
we are compelled to go through other States; and
when I go home, I am compelled to avoid what
you call tree soil. Is not this a disgrace to the
nation and a disgrace to the men representing the
nation ? Why do you not correct that public sen-
timent, and make it safe for me to go where the
Constitution authorizes me to go? If you do not
intend to do it, if you intend to persistin this thing,
if you are resolved to make no change m it, I tell
you we must divide, and we will divide.
In this connection, I may be permitted to refer
to another subject that the Senator from Illinois
[Mr. Douglas] referred to on the occasion when
we passed the territorial bills the other day; and
I do it in my own justification. He seemed to
think, and so did all my Democratic brethren
around me, that 1 hod surrendered everything in
abandoning the right of appeal to the Supreme
Court when the title to slaves was involved, with-
out regard to value. I have two replies to make
to that. One is this: I will never put slave prop-
erty above other property; I never will put slave
property below other property; I put it exactly
on the same basis, and if you have a right to ap-
peal where other property is involved, you may
have a right to appeal where slave property is
involved; but if you have the right m the one case,
you ought to have the right in the otlier-case. The
question will arise, why, then, was it putintothe
compromise measures of 1850, and the humbug
Nebraska bill of 1854? I will tell you why. It
was then said to be a controverted point of prin-
ciple; not of property, but of constitutional power;
and it was necessary to put the right to appeal in,
so as to test the question of constitutional power.
As a mere question of property, negroes should
never be above any other property, nor behind
any other. Do you not put it above by this pro-
vision, so far as a question of property is con-
cerned? I was, therefore, determined to strike
that out, and put it on the same basis. Why did
I sanction it heretofore ? I will tell you why. It
then involved a question of constitutional power,
not a question of property. As a question of prop-
erty, it must stand on the same basis with other
property; but as a question of constitutional
power, I was willing to throw the doors of the
court open and let it come before them and have
it settled. " And why did you not let it still stay
in ?" somebody will ask. I will tell why. It is
already settled;and if I were to keep it in, it would
be admitting that it was not settled. If I were still
to retain the same principle in all these bills, I
should be admitting that the court had not settled
the question. The"court has settled it; and there-
fore it is res adjudicata; and on that principle I
have acted. So far as the principle is concerned,
so far as the constitutional right is concerned, so
far as the question of property is concerned, it
never shall, with my sanction, be placed above
other property. You cannot appeal on other prop-
erty where the amount involved is below a thou-
sand dollars. Therefore, you shall never appeal
where slaves are involved beneath a thousand dol-
lars. Now, why should 1, why should any man,
say that, as a question of property, you shall put
slaves above any other property ? Cannot any
man within the sound of my voice defend that as
a principle? Why, then, was it put in before?
In order to tost the constitutional principle, which
the Supreme Court must decide. That is the
reason it was put in before. It has been decided.
To keep it in, would be to admit it has not been
decided.
1 know there has been controversy, whether it
has been decided or not; but I intend to act upon
the principle that it has been decided, and I am
acting upon it. When my Democratic brethren
around me all deserted me—every one, without
exception, I believe—my Republican friends canie
to my rescue and saved the bill. Their motive
may have been different from mine, but my mo-
tive was just such as I have now explained. That
provision was put in there, not to give slave prop-
erty an advantage over other property. If it was,
I am against it. It was put in there m order to
enable the court to decide a constitutional prin-
ciple. That decision has been made. To rein-
sert it, is to deny that which has been made. I
hope I am -distinctly understood. I have acted
upon this with entile uniformity from the begin-
ning to the end, and I intend so to act. I will
defend the constitutional rights of all the people
and the equality of all the States, (if I may be per-
mitted to borrow that expression from my friend
from Oregon,) under all circumstances, and at all
times.
Why, Mr. President, I never intend to open
my mouth in this Senate again except to vote.
I am speaking in'defense of truth, not to make
political capital. I want none. The performance
of political duty is the highest aspiration of my
heart; but to curry favor and to beg elections, I
despise in my soul. The aountry can live with-
out any of us. There are hundreds and thou-
sands scattered broadcast over the land, who,
being brought into public requisition, can de-
velop as much talent, as much patriotism, and as
much ability to serve the country as we do, and
it may be more; and hence they are not depend-
ent upon us. But in the last words that 1 ever
expect to speak in this Senate, I must say that
my hopes of this Union are all gone, as much as
I love it, as much as I would do to preserve it.
I believe that the die is cast; that there is a bel-
ligerent feeling, diversity of sentiment, and a
difference of opinion so diametrically opposite
that we cannot live together. That is my honest
opinion.
I have been anxious from the beginning of this
session to stave off public action, to hold the
public pulse still, and give an opportunity for re-
action of northern sentiment. I want no reaction
south. It has been my only hope, and my last
hope, and that hope has failed. There is no re-
action; but with a determination, fostered by a
seeming popularity, they are pressing on until we
arc daven to the last verge, and divide we must;
and when I say that, I want no man to suppose
that I am a secessionist for a single installt. I am
just the opposite. When 1 say it, necessity forces
me to it; and I want my northern friends, with
whom I have had the best terms of intimacy, and
with whom I still maintain terms of intimacy, to
distinctly understand it is not out of any personal
hostility. Many of them are warm-hearted and
true; true not only to the South, but to the Union;
yet when a pressing public necessity is forced
upon us, we must do it. Where shall we drift ?
These resolutions are intended to lull old Virginia,
Maryland, Missouri, and Kentucky, until we are
hand-cuffed and tied fast, and then section is to
commence. They are all designed simply to lull
us into a fancied security; but if we are wise be-
times, and look forward to coming events,'we will
at once strike the blow, and separate from a Con-
federation which denies us peace, denies us pro-
tection, denies us our constitutional rights, and
seek them in some other association of States. All
of these States associated by voluntary consent.
They can all go out by voluntary action. They
can go out as they came in, and no power can
bring them back it" they did go, but to make a dif-
ferent Union from the original one. If they came
m by consent, they musf remain in by consent.
Talk about coercion, and bringing them in! You
make a different Union from the original one,
which we voluntarily formed.
Now, Mr. President, I want all these proposi-
tions voted down, and I hope my friend from
Kentucky will revive his propositions and bring
them up again. There is some vitality in them;
there is some point in them; but as for these wishy-
washy resolutions, that amount to nothing, it is
imposible that any Senator here will, for a mo-
ment, entertain the idea of supporting them. The
peace conference! And the smallest peace that ever
1 have heard of. Let the Senator adhere to his
original popositions; let the Senator bring them
up and press them upon the attention of the Sen-
ate. That is as far backing down as I will go. It
is a little more than I want; but still, as a last
effort to save the Union, I would go that far. Talk
about these measures! These measures that have
no vitality—these measures that amount to a total
surrender of every principle—I never will vote for;
and let the consequences of the future be what
they may, I stake my faith and reputation upon
the vote I intend to cast.
Mr. WADE. I move that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. LANE. I hope the Senator will give me
the floor before he makes ihat molion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foster
in the chair.) Does the Senator from Ohio with-
draw his motion?
Mr. WADE. No, sir; I think we had better
adjourn.
Mr. LANE. I ask the Senator to yield me the
privilege of the floor, and then I will yield to the
motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion to
adjourn is not withdrawn, and it is not debatable.
Mr. WADE, if the Senator will make the
motion himself, I will yield.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I must protest against these
bargains.
Mr. LANE. I hopethe Chair will recognize me.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
must put the motion to adjourn; which 'motion is
not withdrawn and is not debatable.
Mr. LANE. I will yield the floor in a minute
to the Senator from Ohio to make his motion.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I protest against that.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is the motion
withdrawn?
Mr. WADE. If the Senator will renew the mo-
tion, he may take the floor.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is the motion
to adjourn withdrawn?
Mr. LANE. I desire to give my views, Mr.
President 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion to adjourn.
Mr. DOUGLAS. 1 want the yeas and nays on
that motion.
Mr. LANE. I_ thought the Senator from Ohio
yielded to me.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Oregon must come to order.
Mr. WADE. Mr. President 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Ohio must come to order. The yeas and
nays are demanded on the motion to adjourn.
Mr. HUNTER. I understand that the Senator
from Ohio withdraws that motion.
Mr. WADE. I withdrew the motion, but the
Chair would not hear me; that is the trouble.
Mr. LANE. Mr. President, my object in get-
ting the floor is, to give reasons why I cannot
vote for the resolutions presented by the peace
conference.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I ask the Senator from
Oregon to yield to me a moment.
Mr. LANE. For a motion to adjourn, I will.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes, sir; I desire the floor
with a view to make that motion. It is apparent
that no good is to come out of the discussion of
the proceedings of this peace conference. It is a
proposition got up for the purpose of satisfying
the border States; and .the border States, Missouri
and Virginia, say they will have- none of it.
The first section is a proposition establishing sla-
very 
Mr. MASON. I rise to a question of order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Illinois will pause. The Senator from Vir-
ginia rises to a question of order, which he will
state.
Mr. MASON. 1 understand the motion to
adjourn has been made.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have not made the mo-
tion yet.
Mr. LANE. I believe I have the floor.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, The Senator
from Vircima is on the floor on a question of
order.
Mr. MASON. I understood the motion was
to adjourn. If that be the motion, I say debate
is not in order.
Mr. LANE. No, sir; that motion has not
been made. I was recognized by the Chair.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Suchamotion
has not been made as yet, except by the Senator
fiom Ohio, who withdrew it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I stated that I would make
that motion, and I was merely going to give the
reason. The Senator from Oregon will have the
floor to-morrow. I was stating the reason why
I should make the motion to adjourn, which I
intend to make in the course of a minute, and I
merely made that statement to show that there
was no object in sitting here and punishing our-
selves in regard to resolutions which manifestly
cannot command the assent of this body. I now
move that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I call for the yeas and nays
on that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I wish to ask whether
the honorable Senator from Oregon yielded the
floor ?
