1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ent Democratic Administration has exceeded the
worst apprehensions of thie convention, (the Chi-
cago convention,) among other things, " in con-
stiuing the personal relation between master and
servant to involve, "as they say, " an unqualified
property in persons." And again, the eighth
resolution is as follows:
"That the normal condition of all the tenitory of the
United States is tliat of freedom. That as our republican
' father?, when they had abolished slavery in all our national
teiritory, oidainrd that no peifcon should be deprived of
!ife, liberty, or property, without due process of law, it be-
comes our duty, by legislation, whenever sucfi legislation
is necessary, to maintain this provision of the Constitution
against all attempts to violate it. And we deny the author-
ity ot Congress, of aTcrritoilal Legislature, or of any indi-
viduals, to give legal existence to slavery in any Territory
of the United States."
Now, consider this in connection with the dec-
laration made on the flogr of the United States
Senate in 1857, by the Senator from New York,
[Mr. Seward,] who may be considered the leader
of thfi party, that the Supreme Court of the Uni-
ted States must be reformed, which means that
the national judiciary mustbeabolitionized; and is
it not evident that the writ of habeas corpus might
be brought into use to effect the liberation of the
slaves m the slaveholding States? Is not such a
purpose palpable, and such a result probable ?
What-, then, could the slaveholdingStatcs expect,
after the election of such a candidate upon such a
platform, but that all the patronage and all the
power of the Federal Government, in all its depart-
ments, would be brought to bear upon the insti-
tution of slavery in the South, in order to com-
pass its destruction?
To this effect have been the plain and unmis-
takable avowals of the Republican party since the
election of its candidates. It has constituted the
theme of their rejoicings; it has rung from the
press; it has spoken from the rostrum. Leading
editors and politicians have reiterated it. The
attitude and temper of the party have been not
merely more arrogant,but more hostile and more
threatening, since their triumph than before, evinc-
ing a determination to use their victory against
the lights of the slaveholding States of theUmon,
regardless of the consequences.
The New York Tribune, which may be said to
have been the war-horse of Mr. Lincoln's cam-
paign, and whose editor is supposed to have been
his special friend in the Chicago convention, on
the 22d of December last, published the following:
"We are enabled to state, in the most positive terms,
that Mr. Lincoln is utterly opposed to any rnnccssion or
compromise that shali yield one iota of the position occu-
pied by the Republican party on the subject of slavery in
theTemtoiies ; and that he stands now,&* he stood in May
last, when he accepted the nomination for the Presidency,
square upon the Chicago platfoim."
And the. Springfield Journal, which is consid-
ered Mr. Lincoln's home organ, after the States
bordering on the Gulf of Mexico had begun to
evince a determination to take the steps deemed
necessary by them to insure their domestic tran-
quillity, published an article in which occurs the
following strong language:
" Let the secessionists understand it; let the press pro-
claim it; lot it liy on the wings of the lightning, and fall
like a thunderbolt among those now plottina tieuson in con-
vention, that the ltepublioau party, that the great ftorth,
aided by hundreds of thousand* of patuotic men in the tljivc
States, have determined to prpserve the Union—peaceably,
if they can; forcibly, if they must."
In a speech made by him, at a public meeting
of his partisan friends in Massachusetts, shortly
after the late presidential election, assembled in
order to rejoice over their victory, one of the Sen-
ators on this floor from that State [Mr. Wilson]
is reported to have said, that they now had their
heel upon the neck of the slave power.
And Mr. Giddings, of Ohio, who hos the rep-
utation of having procured the insertion in the
Chicago platform of the portion most hostile to
southern institutions, has lately held forth in the
following strain:
" Let it bo understood that we do not recognize the right
of any menibei of Congress to make platfoims for us; that
we j-hall not recognize tlieir riKlitorassumptiou to abandon
our principles or saeufice our honor- at the dictates of our
enemies, whom we have triumphantly vanquished at the
ballot-box."
But, Mr. President, there was 110 need of his
holding such language to the members of Congress
of his party m either House. We know full well,
from the reports of the committee ot thirty-three
in the House, and of the committee ot thirteen in
the Senate, and front the temper evinced by the
members of the Republican party, including both
Senators and Representatives, that they have
shown a disposition as unyielding and defiant as
even Mr. Giddings could have desired. Nothing
is to be conceded, it would seem, even if the de-
struction of the Union is to be the consequence.
Sir, at the formation of the Constitution, twelve
of the thirteen States were slaveholding. And
even Massachusetts herself had been a slavehold-
ing colony; nor had she ever abolished slavery by
.any statute law. They all recognized the right
of property in slaves.
The Constitution was adapted to the institution
of slavery as it then existed, and was in accord-
ance with the public sentiment of the whole coun-
try at the time. Accordingly, no man doubted
that it recognized property in slaves, and was
designed to protect it wherever the national flag
was unfurled. 011 sea "or on land. No question
was made as to the right of the master to carry
his slave with hint into the common Territories
of the Union. Even the men of Massachusetts
would no doubt have conceded it. Its denial
would have lessened themarket,and consequently
depreciated the price that the New England slave
trader might get for the slaves he was importing
from Africa by the ship-load. The flag of the
Union protected this property 011 its passage from
Africa to the slave States of the South. The trea-
ties of the country with foreign nations specially
stipulated for the indemnification of the loss of
slaves. This was done in Jay's treaty. It was
done m the treaty of Ghent; and the treaty for
1 the acquisition of Louisiana recognizes and pro-
1 tccts the right of property in slaves.
: But the times have changed. States have
' changed their institutions; and now eighteen of
! of them are non-slaveholding—a majority in num-
ji ber,and the majority in population—and now the
I political power of the country is in their hands.
! But the Constitution is not changed. No amend-
i metit has been added to it on the subject of sla-
! very. It remains exactly the same to-day that it
was in 176!). Yet, Mr. President, what do wc
jj now behold? A political party has been organ-
h ized upon (he one I'-utial idea of hostility to sla-
' very,and its ultimate and certain abolition inevery
section and State of our broad republic; and it
has triumphed. It has wrought a revolution in
the public sentiment of the country against sla-
very, and is about to inaugurate a revolution in
the policy and administration of the Government
for its extinction.
Mr. President, has the South 110 cause for alarm
for the safety of her institutions, and the security
of her rights ? Is not her very existence at stake ?
How long could she retain the institution of sla-
very after the whole power of the Federal Gov-
ernment shall have, been brought to bear upon
her for its destruction? Think what, could be
effected by the Federal legislation. Abolition of
slavery in the District of Columbia; abolition in
the arsenals, dock-yards, and forts; outlawry of
it on the high seas, and wherever the flag of the
Union floats; exclusion of it from the common
Territories belonging equally to all the States;
circumscribing it as with a wall of fire within the
States.
Then let the long and strong arm of the Exec-
utive power of the Government be put forth for
its extinction within the States. Sir, it will be
mighty to the pulling down of the strongholds of
southern institutions and rights. Against almost
everything else but this, the South might protect
herself. Cohorts of Federal office-holders, Abo-
litionists, maybe sent into her midst to exert the
patronage, influence, and power of their offices,
and to plot and conspire against her proper-
ty, her peacc. Pgstmasters—more than thirteen
thousand—with all their employes, controlling the
mails and loading them down with incendiary
documents Add to these, land officers, surveyors
of land, surveyors of ports, collectors of customs,
assistant treasurers, judges and marshals, each of
these, with all his employes, intent upon one aim.
What institution could withstand such an inva-
sion, such sapping and mining? Even the Senator
from Ohio [Mr. Wade] is not surprised tlmt the
citizens of the slaveholding States should begin
to arouse themselves from their supinencss.
The slave property of the South, sir, is woith
three and a half or four billion dollars. Is it to
be expefctcd that a brave and intelligent people
would submit without resistance, without a mur-
mur, to the destruction of such an amazing amount
of property ? Sir, no people, in any age of the
world, in any country, or clime, under any form
of government, has over submitted to the de-
struction of a hundredth part of it without resist-
ance and revolution.
But there is a more horrible result still to fol-
low, especially in those States where the black
slaves greatly outnumber the free whites. This
I forbear to hold up to view. I draw a vail over
it. Let not its horrors be even suggested to the
imagination.
I am satisfied, Mr. President, that there exists,
and is spreading among the masses of the citizens
of the southern section of ourUnion, alarm in all
the slaveholding States, real and profound alarm,
for the safety both of their property qnd of the
lives of their wives and children. The President
has sketched this in the following sentences of his
last annual message:
" The immediate peril arises not so nmch from these
causes as from the fact that the incessant and violent agi-
tation of the slavery question throughout the North, for tile
last quaiter of a century, has at length produced its malign
Influence 011 the slaves, and inspired them with vague no-
tions of freedom. Ilence, a sense of security no longer
exists around the family altar. This feeling of peace at home
Iras given place to apprehensions of servile Insurrection.
Many a nmwou throughout the South retires at night m
dread of what may befall herself and her children before
the morning. Should this apprehension of domestic danger,
whether icalorimaginary, extend and intensify itself until
it eliall pervade the masses of the southern people, then dis-
union will become inevitable. Self-preservation is the first
law of nature, and has been implanted m theheartof man
by his Creator for tire wisest purpose; and no political
union, however tiaught with blessings and benefits in all
other respects, can long continue, if the necessary conse-
quence be to 1 ender the homes and the firesides of nearly
half the parties to it habitually and hopelessly insecure.
Sooner or later the bonds of sucli a union must be severed."
This very alarm is one of the most intolerable
of the grievances inflicted on the South by the
ceaseless and systematic aggressions of Northern
abolitionism and negroism. No people can con-
sent to live in the midst of alarms by day, and
terror by night. Last of all others will the Amer-
ican people m the slaveholdingStatcs of this Con-
fed enicy consent to it.
Sir, the " terror by night" is ranked by the
sacred penman in the same category with " the
arrow that flieth by day, and the pestilence that
walketh in darkness, and the destruction that
wasteth at noon-day."
I am also satisfied, sir, that there is a settled
purpose on the part of the people of the southern
States to have the difficulties now brought upon i
them settled fully and forever, and settled atonce._
Nothing short of this will meet the exigencies of
the present crisis. And in order to such settle-
ment, irrepealable amendments of the Constitu-
tion ought to bo made, covering the following
points:
1. Express and unequivocal recognition of the
right of property in slaves.
2. A similar recognition of the right of the
owner to take his slaves into the common terri-
tory of the United States, and to have his right
of property in them protected by the Federal
Government there, and wherever else its jurisdic-
tion extends.
3. That Congress shall have no power to abol-"
ish slavery in places under its immediate juris-
diction situated within the limits of the States
that permit the holding of slaves.
4. Norwithinthc Districtof Columbia, so long
as sla\-ery shall exist in either of the States of
Virginia or Maryland, nor without the consent of
the inhabitants, nor without just compensation
first made to such owners as do not consent to such
abolishment.
5. Nor shall Congress have power to prohibit
or hinder the transportation of slaves front one
State to another, nor to the District of Columbia,
nor to a Territory of the United States.
6. That, when the owner shall be prevented
from retaking his fugitive slave, or when such
fugitive shall be rescued from him by force, lie
shall receive compensation for the value of his
slave.
All this the slaveholding States ought to have,
j; and all this the non-slaveholding ought to be will-
ing to concede. They ought to be willing to make
;] these concessions, first, for the suffieientand com-
11 mandmg reason that they would relieve the com-
f 111011 country. ,
Secondly, They are fully warranted by the
!: Constiuitiffio as it now stands, and are m perfect
