1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1319
SILVER FLORIN OF AUSTRIA.
The SjPEAKER. The first business in order
this morning is the consideration of the bill de-
claring the value of the new silver florin of Aus-
tria, reported last evening fiom the Committee of
Ways and Means by the gentleman from Mis-
souri, [Mr. Phelps.]
Mr. BABBITT, l rise to a privileged ques-
tion. On the 21st of January Inst, a resolution
was passed to the following effect:
"Resolved, That the Committee of the Whole, be dis-
chaijred lrom the timber consideration of bill No.. 33, enti-
tled ' A bill to dS'idt; the State ot Pennsylvania into three
judicial distiicts*, and fo establish a dt&tnct couit to be
holden in the city of Erieand that the same be made the
?-peeial order for Tlnusday next, and tiomday to day there-
after until finally disposed of "
Now, 1 hold that th.it special order, having
been earliest made, takes precedence over more
reccnt special orders. This is the earliest special
order upon the Calendar, and I now ask that the
bill be taken up and disposed of.
Mr. PHELPS. The bill reported yesterday
from the Committee of Ways and Means remains
as unfinished business, it will take but a mo-
ment. The bill merely fixes the legal value of
the new silver florin of Austria in the computation
of custom-house accounts. The bill is recom-
mended by the Secretary of the Treasury and the
director of the Mint.
Mr. BABBITT. I claim that my bill, having
been made the special order on the 21st of Jan-
uary last for the following Thursday, and there-
after from day to day until disposed of, is now
the special order this morning.
The SPEAKER, The Chair will state to the
gentleman from Pennsylvania that the rule re-
quires that the unfinished business shall be got
through with, and then his special older can come
UP-
The bill reported from the Committee of Ways
and Means was then read. It provides that the
new silver flonn of Austria shall, in all computa-
tions at the custom-houses, be estimated at forty-
six and nineteen hundredths cents.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I would like
to have the letter of the Secretary of the Treasury
read.
Mr. PHELPS. I will ask the Clerk to'read a
portion of it.
The Clerk read, as follows.
"'The new &ilvei florin has not been assayed at the Um
ted States Mmt; none having been leccived; b'it the di-
rectoi states that its value, a* compared with the new Union
dollai of Austria, is not believed to dilter materially fiom
its value as stated by Mi. Uulscmann, to wit. loitv-^iv
and nineteen hundiedths cent-. Should Congress tiv tin*
value of the new silvei llonn foi ou^tom-hou-o eomputa
tion at that eu««e«ted b) Mi. Hul-emami, to which no ob-
jection peieeived, a eoti-.nl,u certificate to the sort of
currency in which an mvoieo is made out, will >till have
to be lecjnned in each ease as at picscute'
Mr PHELPS. A conflict has arisen because
there is an old silverflorin of the standard offorty-
cight cents; there is the paper floiin of Austiia,
and here is a new silver florin. I move the pie-
viouR question on the bill.
The previous question was seconded; and the
mam question ordered.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed, and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr, PHELPS moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
TELEGRAPH TO THE PACIFIC.
Mr. ELY obtained the floor.
Mr. TAPPAN, I call for the regular order of
business. Is it not m order to call the committees
for reports of a private nature?
The SPEAKER. That is the regular order.
Mr. TAPPAN. Then I insist on the icgular
order of business.
p Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. If the regu-
lar order of business is the report of the commit-
tee of thirty-three, I move that it be postponed
until the 4th of July next; and on that 1 demand
the previous question.
The SPEAKER. The gentlemen will observe
that the special order is not before the Iiouse un-
til after one hour.
Mr. ELY. ,Iask the unanimous conscnt of the
House to introduce a bill supplementary to aiuuf
to facilitate communication between the Atlantic
and Pacific States by electric telegraph
Mr. BINGHAM. Is that the regular order?
Mr. ELY. I desire to state that the bill is sim-
ply for the purpose of extending the time allowed
foi the completion of this telegraph.
Mr. CRA1GE, of North Carolina. I object to
the consideration of that bill.
SUSPENSION OP JOINT KULES.
On motion of Mr. PHELPS, by unanimous
consent, the 16th and 17th joint rules of the two
Houses were suspended, so as to allow the bill in
relation to the new florin of Austria to be sent to
the Senate.
PENNSYLVANIA JUDICIAL DISTRICTS. .
Mr. TAPPAN. I call for the regular order of
business
The SPEAKER. The regular order of .busi-
ness is the consideration of the special order re-
ferred to by the gentlemanVrom Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Babuii r,] being a bill to divide the State of
Pennsylvania into three judicial districts, and to
establish a district court to bo holden in the city
of Erie.
Mr. TAPPAN. Does that special order take
precedence during the morning hour?
The SPEAKER. It takes precedence of every-
thing.
Mr. LOVEJOY. The bill was not made the
special order for to-day, as I understand the res-
olution, but for Thursday.
The SPEAKER. The Cluur understood the
gentleman from Pennsylvania to say that the bill
was made the special order for to-day, and from
day to day until disposed of.
Mr.CRAlGE, of North Carolina. The bill was
made the special order for the 21st day of Janu-
ary.
The SPEAKER. That is the same thing. It
was made the special order from day to day until
disposed of.
Mr. BABBITT. Thebill was nmdethe special
order on the '21st of January for the following
Thursday, and from day to day until disposed oi'.
Mr. MAYNARD. I w <>uld like to inquire from
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, how many dis-
trict judges there arc at this tune in Pennsylvania.
I am told that there are two. I move to lay the
bill on the table.
Mr. ORAIGE, of Norrh Carolina. 1 rise to a
quesfion of order. That bill, according to the
gentleman's own statement, was made the special
order for the 21st of Januaiy. It was not acted
on at that time, hut was passed over. Therefore
I think it lost its precedence, and cannot bo con-
sidered as a special oulet for to-day.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would say to the
gentleman from North Carolina, that a special
order for a given day, and from day to day until
disposed of, is continued as a special order, m the
opinion of the Chair.
Mr. CRA1GE, of North C nolina. That is
true, pro\uled it was acted upon on the day as-
signed for it: but 1 understand there was no action
taken on it that day at all, nor from that day to
this.
The SPEAKER. The Chair doch not think
the point well taken.
Mr. CRAIG' E, of Noi th Carolina. In additum
to that, this is private lull day.
The SPEAKER. The Chair i.s aware of thai
fa<n; but the special older takes precedence of
that business. The question is on the motion to
lay on the'tab!e.
Mr. BABBITT. Is that motion debatable?
The SPEAKER, it is not debatable.
Mr. BABBITT. I hope the motion to lay on
the table will not prevail. Tins bill wid not oc-
cupy fifteen minutes, ieallfoi the yi as and navs.
Mi. MAYNARD. The mot ->M* is not debata-
ble.
Mr. BABBITT. I have not oceupied the time
of the House fifteen minutes this whole session.
Mr. MOGRHEAD. Tins is a matter of con-
siderable impot tae.ee to the State of Pennsylvania;
and I hope the bill will not b«- laid on the table.
Mr. MAYNARD. I object eo the debate. No
debate is in order.
Mr. BABBITT. 1 \vant to s 13- to the flou.>c ;
that this bill will not take up five minutes, 1 !
hope thai this little meisuie ( f comity and gen- j
erosity will be accorded ta ine who have not oc- j
cupicd fifteen minutes of the time of the House j
this whole session. 1
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands from
the Clerk that there is a misapprehension in re-
gard to this bill. The bill has been referred to
the Committee of the Whole on the state on the
Union, and is a special order in committee. It
therefore cannoubc considered in the House.
Mr. BABBITT I beg to correct the Speaker
as to a question of fact.
The SPEAKER. Very well; let us have it.
Mr. BABBITT. The bill was reported by the
Committee on the Judiciary to this House, was
read the first and second time, and lefcrred to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the "Union.
Subsequently the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union was discharged from' the fur-
ther consideration of the bill, and it was made a
special order. That is the state of facts.
The SPEAKER. It seems that the gentleman
from Pennsylvania is right. The question, there-
fore, is 011 the motion to lay the bill on the table;
on which the yeas and nays have been demanded.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I suggest to the gentleman
to withdraw the demand for the yeas and nays,
and let us have the vote by ff division.
The SPEAKER ordered tellers; and Messrs.
I Babbitt and Barr were appointed,
'j Mr. McKNIGHT. I am requested to state,
\'. that no new office is created by this bill.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 58, noes 80.
So the bill was not laid on the table.
The question recurred on ordering the bill to be
engrossed and read a third time.
Mr. SIMMS. Is it in order to move to amend
j the bill at this stage?
The SPEAKER. If germane to the hill, an
amendment is 111 order.
CIVIL APPROPRIATION BILL. L.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask that a committee of
conference be appointed on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses on the civil appropriation bill.
It was so ordered; and Messrs. Davis of Mary-
land, Miliaox, and Humphrey, were appointed
the eonferccvN on the part of the House.
PENNSYLVANIA JUDICIAL DISTRICTS AGAIN.
Mr. SIMMS. I move to amend the hill by <
making the salary of the district judge for the
State of Kentucky §4,000 per annum.
The SPEAKER. The amendment is not in
order.
Mr. SIMMS. Does not this bill fix the salaries
of judges?
The SPEAKER. Let the bill be r«ud.
The bill was read. It divides the State of Penn-
sylvania into three judicial districts, and makes
the usual provisions as to holding court, &c.
Mr. BABBITT. I move the previous question
; on the third reading of the bill.
j Mr. MAYNARD. Is it m order to move to
; refer this bill to the Committee on the Judiciary?
Mr. SIMMS. The bill fixes the salaries oi the
! district judges of Pennsylvania, and therefore my
i amendment is poilhctly germane to it.
i The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman repeat
1 his amendment*
Mr. SIMMS. It is to add to the second scc-
' tion of the lull the following:
! Pro ruled. Tluu tile -ai.iue- ot the di-tiirt .\udj>*'s> 5(a the
; di-tueN of Ohio ind Kontm kv-hpll be >• i.Ooft pei annum,
i The SPEAKER. The Chair'thmks that the
j amendment is not gennane to the bill. The bill
' is as to other districts entirely.
! Mr. SIMMS. Then I move it as a substitute
j for the second section, including also the judges
i for the districts of Pennsylvania.
1 The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that that
would not be in order. •
| Mi. MAYNARD. Js it in order to move to
1 recommit the bill to the Committee on the Judi-
1 cnuy' If so, I make that motion,
I The SPEAKER. It is not in order,as the de-
I mand for the previous question is pending. The
j Chair gave the floor to the gentleman from Ken-
1 tucky, because he had it befoie the gentleman
fiom'Pennsylvania demanded the previous quos
tion; but as soon os the gentleman from Kentucky
yields the floor, the Chair must give it t;> 'he g< n-
tieman from Pennsylvania.
Mr. SIMMS. I orope.se say nt •;*> t
substitute to the seetioi'. fiyi. the Sv-«a-
ries of these jwdg<s m Pew^yiv.va.. „ maku'j
their salancs, and those of the judges of Ohioanu
Kentucky, *4,000.
