THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
.January 14*
it will terminate, and no fancy depict its horrors,
its universal devastation and ruin. The picture
drawn by Mr. Burke of the havoc inflictod by
Hyder Ali upon the Carnatic, will scarcely con-
vey an adequate idea of it.
Sir, is any Senator on this floor prepared to re-
sort to coercion in order to achieve such results ?
Ought any Senator to be "willing to deny to the
South the constitutional concessions and guaran-
tees necessary to maintain her rights and safety,
at the risk of incurring these consequences?
Mr. President^ for rhyself, I denounce the pol-
icy arid the construction of the Constitution which
must lead to such disasters. If we must separate,
let us separate in peace. If Republicanism, hav-
ing beaten down and subdued the gallant De-
mocracy of the North, is determined, in spite
of constitutional guarantees, in spite of social
duties, in spite of justice and right, to exterm-
inate the institution of slavery from every part
of the soil of every State in the Union, or else
to force the slaveholding States to go out of the
Union, let our separation be without the shedding
of blood.
" Let there be no strife, I pray ther, between thee and
me, and between thyherdnien andmyherdinen, tor we are
brethien. Separate thyself, I piay thee, from mo. If thou
Wilt take the left hand, then I will go to the right: or if
thou depart to the right hand, then I will go to the left."—
Genesis, xiii, 8.
Mr. President, South Carolina has, by solemn
ordinance, declared herself withdrawn from the
Union, and repealed the act by which she ratified
the Constitution and entered into the Confeder-
acy. This has been done by a convention delib-
erately called by her people for that purpose.
Mississippi, Alabama, and Florida ace in the same
position. Other States are following close in the
same path.
Sir, I am sorry that the good people of these
States, in the exercise of their high discretion for
securing their sacred constitutional rights, had not
seen fit to consult with their sister slaveholding
States before adopting this policy. These States
all have the same institutions, the same rights,
the same blood. Their cause is a common one;
their policy, it seems to me, ought to have been a
common one also.
But, Senators, I will never give my vote nor
my consenteither to coerce or to execute the laws
by force of arms in any one of them. To do that
would be to wage war upon them; and that war
could have but one object, and that to subjugate
the State,Trad bring her back a captive in chains.
Ia there any Senator who would be willing to
achieve that scandalous and monstrous result,
even if it were possible to accomplish it? The
Constitution of the United States was never de-
signed by the fathers to be prostituted to any
such base purpose of oppression and outrage. It
has no aptitude to coerce and hold in unwilling
unionalienated,hostile,and belligerent States; nor
to maintain a centralized despotic power to dom-
inate over subjugated provinces, and to coerce
their allegiance by the bayonet and the sword.
11 is clear that in the atti tude now held by South
Carolina and the other seceding States towards
the Federal Government, the laws of the United
, States can be executed there only by the milita-
ry power of the Government. The attempt will
be resisted by arms. The very first step therefore
is, inevitably, civil war. Other States will rush
to her aid; and it will be a war of one half of the
States against the other half. How can any
friend of the Union bring himself to support or
countenance such a measure. It will be a disso-
lution of the Union in blood. In such case,
there can be no hope of reconstruction. No man
can be so blind as not to see it.
But if dissolution must come, let it be peaceful.
Then there may be a hope for reconstruction;
fraternal feelings may be restored; the evil spirit
of abolitionism may be exorcised; mutual inter-
ests and wants may, as at the first, again attract
the separated States together. They may again
send up their delegates to another convention, to
make another Constitution, which shall indeed
'■form a more perfect Union, establish justice,
insure domestic tranquillity, provide for the com-
mon defense, promote the general welfare, and
secure the blessingi of liberty to themselves and
their posteiity." And the third Union may be
more lasting and glorious than either that which
bore us triumphantly through the revolutionary
war, or that which has elevated us since that
epoch, to that height of happiness and power
which has drawn upon us the gaze and the ad-
miration of the whole civilized world.
But far better would it be, Mr. President, that
dissolution should be arrested and civil war pre-
vented; that timely concessions should be made,
amply sufficient to assure to every southern
State her rights and her equality in the Union,
in all time to come. Then our carecr as a free
people would only be momentarily checked by
this shock of dissolution which is upon us, and
we should hereafter continue to expand and im-
prove and advance until we should reach the full
meridian-of national greatness and happiness.
And, Mr. President, if the spirit of fraternity
and conciliation has fled from this Congress and
this Senate Hall, is it clean gone from the coun-
try forever ? Does it no longer move the masses
of honest and true men of the North ? Do they
not still love their country, the whole country,
the South as well as the North ? Will they forget
the spiritin which the war of the Revolution was
wagedr Willthey notrecollectthat George Wash-
ington, a southern man, led their fathers of the
North as well as the men of the South in that
war; that while northern men offered up their
lives on southern battle-fields, the men of the
South as cheerfully shed their blood in defense
of their brethren on northern soil? And remem-
bering that Heaven itself deals with his creature,
man, through mediation and in infinite conces-
sion; remembering, too, that in order to form the
Constitution of our Government, their fathers
made concessions upon this very subject of sla-
very, will they refuse the concessions now de-
manded by the South, not merely on the score of
equality and of right, but as necessary to the
safety of their wives and children? Will they
not yield them, and so preserve, or, if need be,
reconstruct, the union of these American States?
Mr. President, I appeal from their Representa-
tives to the sovereign people of theNoith; and
may God grant to interpose for our country in
this the hour of her extremity and need.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Mr. President, I move
that the resolutions which 1 had the honor of
offeiing some time ago may be taken up now for
consideration.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Mason in
the chair.) What disposition will the Senator
make of the resolution now before the Senate ?
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I will make any dis-
position of it that is agreeable to the gentleman
who offered it. I will move to postpone it to some
day that will be agreeable to him, or to lay it on
the table,and then he can call it up when he pleases.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Kentucky moves to lay the resolution now
before the Senate on the table.
Mr. GREEN. I call the attention of the Sen-
ator from Virginia to that question before the vote
is taken.
Mr. HUNTER. I do not object to the reso-
lution being postponed in order to take up the
resolutions of the Senator from Kentucky. Is
that the object?
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Yes, sir.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. To what time
shali it be postponed?
Mr. HUNTER. I should like to have it post-
poned until Thursday next, so as to give time for
Senators to act upon the proposition.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is moved to
postpone thfc further consideration of this resolu-
tion until Thursday nextatoneo'clock,and make
it the order of the day for that time.
The motion was agreed to.
SLAVERY QUESTION.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Now I submit my
motion. I am only desirous, Mr. President, to
have a vote of the Senate upon this subject; and
if the measures which I have proposed are not
acceptable to the Senate, we may peihaps, if
these are disposed of, agree upon others that may
find favor. I wish to act upon the subject. I
believe when we had this subject under consid-
eration before, the question was upon the adop-
tion of the first article of amendment which
I had the honor of offering. I hope the question
may be taken on it, and on that question I ask
the yeas and nays.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Kentucky asks the Senate to proceed now
to the consideration of the resolutions offered bv
him.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. 1 move that the resolutions be
postponed to and specially assigned for Thurs-
day next at half past twelve o'clock.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I hope the gentleman
will agree to an earlier day than that; wo ought
not to trifle with this subject.
Mr. WILSON. The Kansas bill comes up
on Wednesday, and the Pacific railroad bill to-
morrow.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Mr. President, I will
submit to a motion to postpone it until to-mor-
row ; but as for giving way to the Pacific railroad
bill or to any other bill, 1 think the Senate will
not consider it proper. The people expect at least
a decision upon this subject, and I shall insist
upon it at the earliest period. If the gentleman
will make a motion to postpone until to-morrow,
I will vote for it; but I will not agree to postpone
this measure for the railroad bill or for any other.
Mr. WILSON. To-morrow has been assigned
for the consideration of the Pacific railroad bill;
the Senate have assigned Wednesday for the
Kansas bill; and on Thursday, at one o clock, the
resolution proposed by the Senator from Virginia
will come up. I propose to assign these resolu-
tions for half past twelve o'clock on that day; my
object being to say a few words upon the resolu-
tions when they shall come up.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is the Senate
ready for the question on the motion of the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts?
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Ido not want to appear
to be too urgehtand too pressing upon the Senate
in relation to this matter; but I do think that this
may well be considered as trifling with the great-
est subject that can possibly be before this Sen-
ate, if we consent to such a postponement, and
make the reason for it the pendency of this or that
bill. I cannot consent to it; and I hope, if the
Semite are d isposed to treat the subject at all with
the solemnity that belongs to it, that we shall at
least show respect enough to the subject to man-
ifest a temper and disposition to act upon it deci-
dedly and promptly. The motion is to postpone,
I believe 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Senators wilj
please resume their seats. The Chair cannot hear
the Senator on the floor.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. With tlie per-
mission of the Senator from Kentucky, I will
state that it is utterly impossible for us on this
side, from one cause or another, to hear a word
that ho addresses to us.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Then, Mr. President,
I move to postpone this subject until to-morrow,
with an order of the Senate that it shall be taken
up at half past twelve o'clock, and proceeded with
to the exclusion of all other business until finally
decided upon.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understands that the motion to postpone to the
furthest day will take precedence; and the ques-
tion will therefore be first put on the motion made
by the Senator from Massachusetts, unless it is
withdrawn by him.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Well, sir, it can be
taken first on the longest day, and then on the
shortest.
Mr. HALE. I move that the Senate do now
adjourn.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. On that question, I
call for the yeas and nays. I want this question
acted upon; and from this dilatory sort of pro-
ceedings, it seems to me it is evident gentlemen
are trying to postpone this subject, and giveitno
consideration.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I desire to ask a single
question: whether, if we adjourn now, it does
not leave this subject to come up to-morrow as
unfinished business?
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I want the order voted
upon that we shall continue the consideration of
this subject until it is disposed of; and upon that
I want the veas and nays, and intend to have
them.
Mr. GREEN. Mr. President, I desire to ask
a question of the Senator from Massachusetts.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. A motion to
adjourn is not debatable.
Mr. GREEN. I merely wished to ask whether
