1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1321
amendment. I certainly suppose that the' Com-
mittee of Ways and Means would not have re-
jected it if they had understood it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will simply remark that
three several times we have appropriated money
to pay for the depredations committed by this
Ink-pa-du-tah band of Indians. At the last ses-
sion of Congress we allowed a considerable sum,
and two years ago a still larger sum. This matter
seems to have assumed the shape of an annual
appropriation, and I think we had better know
how much ought to be appropriated before we go
further.
Mr. CURTIS. This House but a few days
ago passed an appropriation of §400,000 to pay
similar claims in the State of California, and now
they propose to reject a similar claim upon the
part of Iowa, for only nine or ten thousand dol-
lars. I call the attention of gentlemen to the fact,
that Iowa has hitherto cost this Government
nothing forlndian depredations. She has defended
her own frontier. The whole amount claimed by
her has never exceeded §20,000, and I hope this
House will not now reject this small appropria-
tion of $9,000.
Mr. SIMMS. I desire to know why the State
of Iowa was not paid out of the appropriation
made last year.
Mr. CURTIS. I suppose the Senators from
Minnesota may have been favorites at the War
Department, and succeeded in getting the whole
appropriation for Minnesota.
Mr. SIMMS. I believe the gentleman from
Minnesota is not here. I should like to hear from
him.
Mr. VANDEVER I will add one word to
what has been said by my colleague. I believe
there are still some three or four thousand dollars
of the appropriation of last year unexpended.
There was a certain amount found due by the In-
dian department. Claims had been regularly filed
under the provision of the Indian indemnity act,
requiring that such amounts shall be deducted
from the Indian annuities. Now, the appropria-
tion of last year has been, so far, I believe, exclu-
sively applied to claims arising in Minnesota. The
claimants from Iowa have not even been notified
that a commission had been appointed. Their
claims are filed in the Indian department; and I
submit that they are entitled to compensation for
the depredations committed by Indians who are
in amity with the United States at this time. This
is a just claim, and ought to be allowed.
Mr. SIMMS. Will they give a receipt for this?
Mr. VANDEVER. Certainly.
Mr. CURTIS. I propose to let the matter go
over, to be referred to a committee of conference.
I am willing to have the whole subject laid before
that conirnittee, and am sure that it will do what
is right..
The question was taken; and the amendment
was non-concurred in.
Eleven til amendment:
Fort Montgomery, Lake Champlain, New York, $10,000.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Twelfth amendment:
Fort Knox, Penobscot river, Maine, $20,000.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Thirteenth amendment:
Fort on lion Island Ledse, Portland harbor, Maine,
$30,000.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Fourteenth amendment:
Fort Wmthrop, Governors Island, Boston harbor, Mas-
sachusetts, .~IO,OiiO.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Fifteenth amendment:
Fort at cntiance of New Bedford harbor, Massachusetts,
$33,000.
Thf Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Sixteenth amendment:
Fort Adams, Newport harbor, Rhode Island, $3,000.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Seventeenth amendment:
Fort Richmond, Staten Island, New York, $15,000.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended non-concurrence.
ThS amendmeni was non-concurred in.
Eighteenth amendment:
Fort on site of Fort Tompkins, Staten Island, New York,
§•25,000.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Nineteenth amendment:
Fort Delaware, Delaware river, $35,000.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended non-concurrence.
Mr. WHITELEY. Mr. Speaker, I hope that
theamendmentofthe Senate will be concurred in.
Lieutenant General Scott has lately garrisoned
this fort, and the quarters are not finished. I
think it due to the United States Army, when they
are in garrison, not to bunk them in a carpenter s
shop adjoining the fort. And besides, we want
to take that fort before long, and we would like
to have it finished right away. [Laughter.]
. The question was taken'; and the amendment
was non-concurred in.
Twentieth amendment:
Fort Carroll, Soilcr's Point Flats, Baltimore harbor,
Maryland, §50,000.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
menced non-concurrence..
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Twenty-first amendment:
Fort Calhoun, Hampton iloads, Virginia, $50,000.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Twenty-second amendment:
Fort Taylor, Key West, Florida, $70,000.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Twenty-third amendment:
Fort Jefferson, Garden Key, Florida, $75,000.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Twenty-fourth amendment:
Fort at Fort Point, including outworks, San Francisco
bay, California, $50,000.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended non-concurrence.
Mr. BURCH. I hope the amendment will be
concurred in.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was non-concurred in.
Twenty-fifth amendment:
Fort at Alcatraz island, San Francisco bay, California,
$35,000.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurrpd in.
Twenty-sixth amendment:
Fort at Sandy Hook, New Jersey, $75,000.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Twenty-seventh amendment:
For protection of the site of Fort Macon, Beaufort bar
bor, Noith Carolina, $10,000.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended non-concurrence.
Mr. RUFFIN. Mr. Speaker, it is important
that the Senate amendment should be concurred
in. Fort Macon cost the Government originally
some five or six hundred thousand dollars. It
is a very good fort, but is likely to be washed
away unless some appropriation is made to pre-
serve the site. I will say that, at the last session
of Congress, in the last fortification bill, injus-
tice was done toward this same appropriation.
This House passed unanimously an appropria-
tion of $10,000; the Senate passed the same ap-
propriation unanimously; but it was taken to a
committee of conference, where it was stricken
out; and no appropriation was made for Fort Ma-
con , while appropriations were made for the pres-
ervation of sites and the repairingof forts innearly
every other portion of the United States.
The officer of the Army who was sent down to
make an inspection and examination of this fort,
some year or two since, recommended, if I recol-
lect correctly, to'the War Department a prompt
appropriation of §40,000. The War Department,
however, thought that Congress was not disposed
to pass so large an appropriation as that, and
therefore only recommended an appropriation of
$10,000, which this House passed unanimously,
as well as the Senate; but it was cut out in the
committee of conference. I hope now, Mr„ Chair-
man, as an act of justice to that section of the
country,that this amendmentwillbeconcurredin.
Mr. BRANCH. I would like to call the atten-
tion of the committee to the fact that the appro-
priation for Fort Macon is different from those
which precede it, and in which the Committee of
Ways and Means recommend non-concurrence.
In those cases, the appropriations are for work to
be done upon fortifications — for improvements
and increase of fortifications; while in the case of
Fort Macon alone, the amendment of the Senate
isfor a simple amountforthe preservation of that
fort from destruction by the tide. I know, sir,
from personal observation, that unless something
is done, that fort cannot stand more than a few
years longer. There is already in that harbor one
fort that has been swept away and sunk. The
channel now runs over the site and the walls of
the former fortification. Unless something is done
to preserve this fort, it will share the fate of that
which went before it. I rise simply to call the
attention of the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means to the fact that tins is only an
appropriation to preserve a site. It is not pro-
posed to do any additional work upon the fort at
all; and it differsfrom the other cases in that re-
spect.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is sufficient for me to an-
swer that the next amendment of the Senate, in
which we recommend a concurrence, provides for
the preservation of the several forts in the United
States.
Mr. RUFFIN. It has been usual to make an
appropriation of that kind, and under it to appro-
priate only two or three hundred dollars for this
fort. The consequence is that they have not
made any repairs there sufficient to preserve the
site. The extent of the repairs has been to throw
in some brush and a few sand-bags, that will not
answer the purpose.
Mr. SHERMAN. The majority of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means was in favor of some
of these forts, but it was thought best to non-con-
cur in them all, and let the subject go to a commit-
tee of conference.
Mr. RUFFIN. Is it not a fact, that the gen-
tleman's committee, last year recommended this
very appropriation of $10,000, which passed the
House unanimously as well as the Senate, and
was stricken out in the committee of conference?
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no recollection of
the matter myself, but I have no doubt that it is as
the gentleman states it.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Twenty-eighth amendment:
Contingencies of lortifications, preservation of sites, pro-
tection nt'titles, and repairs of sudden damage, $30,000.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended concurrence.
Mr. RUFFIN. I move to insert after the word
" sites," the words, " particularly the site of Fort
Macon."
The amendment to the amendment was dis-
agreed to.
The amendment was then concurred in.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
The committee informally rose, and received a
message from the Senate by Mr. Patton, one of
its clerks, which announced that the Senate had
disagreed to the amendments of the House to the
amendments of the Senate to the Indian appropri-
ation bill; insist on the amendments of the Senate
disagreed to by the House, and agree to the con-
ference asked by the House thereon; and have
appointed Mr. Peaiice, Mr. Powell, and Mr.
Clark, the managers at said conference on the
part of the Senate.
Also, that the Senate had passed bills of the
House of the following titles:
