1322
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
An act (No. 971) making appropriations for the
service of tlie Post Office Department during the
fiscal year ending 30th of June, 1862;
An act (No. 665) to amend an act approved
February 5,1859, entitled " An act providing for
keeping and distributing all public documents,
and for other purposes;" and
An act (No. 923) granting a pension to Eliza
M. Plympton;
Severally, with amendments;*in which he was
directed to ask the concurrence of the House.
Also,-that the Senate had passed bills of the.
House, severally, without amendments, of the
following titles:
An aet(No. 655) granting a pension to Prentis
Cliamplain:
An act (No. 9S1) to confirm a certain private
land claim in the Territory of New Mexico; and
An act(No. 943) providing for bringing up the
arrearages of work of the land cfffice at Olympia,
Washington Territory.
Also, that the Senate had passed an act (S.
No. 567) donating to the States of Minnesota and
Oregon certain hinds reserved by Congress for the
Territories of Minnesota and Oregon for univer-
sity purposes: and a resolution (H. R. No. 19)
legalizing certain entries of land in Leavenworth
island, in the State of Missouri; in which he was
directed to ask the concurrence of the House.
Twenty-nifith amendment:
Repairs and alterations of bairacks, quarters, hospitals,
store-rooms, and fences, at permanent po?.ts not occupied
by troops, $10,000.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended concurrence.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I move to amend, by re-
ducing the amount$100. 1 have seized upon this
occasion, because I thought it proper, just here,
to make a few remarks in vindication of the truth
of history. I find in House document No. 72 a
correspondence between the Secretary of War
and Collector Hatch, of the port of New Orleans,
in reference to the barracks in that city, and the
acts of inhumanity committed in the rejnoval of
sick persons from those barracks. On examin-
ing that correspondence, 1 find a letter from Col-
lector Hatch, directed to the Secretary of the
Treasury, in which occurs the following:
"While yom prompt withdrawal of the imputations ot
inhumanity on the part of the'amhouties of Louisiana is
hut an act of simple justice, I feel 1 cannot justly appro-
priate the incut you are pleaded to attubuto to my agency.
The authorities would never have pxeici=ed the lea^t inhu-
manity toward* thef-e patients; lo\ ,if tin- bai nicks had been
requirrd lot the u-.e ut thetiuup** Louisiana ha*. been com-
pelled to raise for her protection and defense, her charity
hospital, -fusily the glory and pride of her munijicencc, into
whor-e poitals the afflicted of all nations can enter, without
money and without price, would have amply provided for
their wants."
Mr. SHERMAN. I deem it my duty to raise
a point of order. The discussion of that matter
by the gentleman will lead to discussion by others.
His remarks are not pertinent to this amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will state to
the gentleman from Pennsylvania that this bill is
made a special order; and therefore debate upon
it must be confined to the subject under considei-
ation.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I am debating the sub-
ject of barracks.
Mr. STANTON. I insist upon the point of
order. The gentleman from Pennsylvania is a
member of the Committee of Ways and Means;
and the point 1 make upon him is, that his re-
marks are not germane to the amendment he lias
offered, which is to reduce the amount §100. I
insist that his remarks shall be confined to that
amendment; becausc it introduces a subject of
discussion upon which other gentlemen will desire
to speak.
Mr. MOORHEAD. T hope tho gentleman will
give me an opportunity to make my statement.
Mr. STANTON. No, sir; because it will
open a subject which may consume the whole
day.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I ask for five minutes.
Mr. STANTON. No, sir.
The CHAIRMAN. The remarks of the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania arc not germane: to the
amendment. This bill has been made a spccial
order, and debate must be confined to the .subject
under consideiafion.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I will then state simply
my point, which is this: the charity hospital at
New Orleans is claimed by Louisiana as the glory
and pride of her munificence* I wish to show that
she was indebted to the munificence of other
States for aid in the erection of that noble charity,
and that as early as 1816, the State of Pennsyl-
vania made an appropriation of $5,000 for that
purpose; and also an annuity of $500 per annum
for ten yeais, to be applied to the support of
western Pennsylvania boatmen who might fall
sick in the city of New Orleans where th'ey were
callcd in the regular pursuit of their business,
carrying the produce and minerals of my section
of the State to that market. I hold in my hand,
sir, a certified copy of that act properly authen-
ticated by the Secretary of the Commonwealth,
and of the Governor of thcState, which I ask to
have published in the Globe, to show that at that
early day my native State had a proper regard to
the interests and welfare of her citizens, and their
protection wherever their lawful pursuits might
call them, and to show further, that Pennsylvania
is entitled to a share of the glory and pride that
Collector Hatch claims exclusively for Louisiana.
Mr. SIMMS. I object to tho gentleman pro-
ceeding.
The CHAIRMAN. The remarks of the gen-
tleman are hardly in order upon his amendment.
Mr. MOOREHEAD. I want to show 
Mr. BRANCH. I must interpose, and arrest
this debate. It is not in order.
The- amendment to the amendment wris not
agreed to.
The amendment was concurred in.
Thirtieth amendment:
For the construction of a military post in or near the
vajlej of the Red River of the North, between the, forty-
sixth degree and forty-ninth degree of noith latitude,
.$•50,000; the site to be selected and post built under direc-
tion ot the Secretary of War.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended concurrence, with an amendment, as fol-
lows:
Add to the Senate amendment the words: u For com-
pleting the lepoit, and perfecting the drawing of the San
Juan exploun? expedition, $1,800.
Mr. STANTON. I move to amend the Senate
amendment by striking out "§50,000," and in-
serting (t $10,000." I do not know upon what
information the Committee of Ways and Means
of this House or the Committee on Finance in the
Senate acted in fixing the particular amount at
$50,000. At tho last session of Congress we had
a struggle overan appropriation for this and sim-
ilar works at Fort Cobb. The committee of con-
ference concluded not to recommend any appio-
priation for cither, for want of information as to
the necessities of the service and of the amount
required to be expended. They did, however,
recommend an appropriation upon the last an-
nual appropriation bill of $10,000, for plans and
estimates.
The Inspector General now reports that there
is no such thing as a fortification, in a military
aspect, required, as it has been supposed, upon
the Red river. You want about two companies
of troops there and a building sufficient to protect
the troops which may be stationed there. In the
opinion of the Inspector General, $10,000 will be
sufficient for the purposes required. No defensive
works are required, and no permanent buildings
are required. As the settlements advance,the In-
dians retire; and these works, as all others before
them have been, will, of course, be abandoned.
It is very common for gentlemen coming from
neighborhoods where their constituents are in-
terested in town and city lots, to desire large ap-
propriations for military purposes in those neigh-
borhoods. And in this way, 1 think, we have
expended about three or four times as much
money as is necessary for these military works
upon the frontiers.
Now, sir, according to the information received
directly from the officers of the Army who have
personally inspected this work,and made a report
in reference to tho necessities of the service,
$10,000 will be an abundant appropriation. No
more can be profitably or judiciously expended.
I do not know upon what information the Com-
mittee of Ways and IVIeans acted; and unless I
con have something authentic, I shall insist upon
reducing tins appropriation.
Mr. PI iELPS. i hiivt' no desno to make any
spi'ech m defense of this amendment, i have
risen merely to explain the reasons which gov-
erned me ir< a member of the Committee of Ways
and Means, in recommending this appropriation.
At the last session of Congress, the Committee
on Military Affairs recommended an appropria-
tion for a post at this point; and, so far as the
condition of the country is conccrned, the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means were of opinion, that
^ it was necessary at the last session of Con-
gress, the necessity still continued. But, in a
military point of view, the Committee of Ways
and Means did not examine the question. It docs
not belong to them to examine and inquire
whether this is a proper point at which a military
post should be established. Conforming our ac-
tion to what we supposed to be the action of the
Committee on Military Affairs at the last session
of Congress, I, for one, gave my assent to this
appropriation.
Mr. ALDRICH. I desire to say a word in
reply to the remarks of the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, [Mr. Stanton,] in
relation to this matter. I wish to say to the House,
that the Legislature of the State of Minnesota
have five times memorialized Congress for this
appropriation, and five times has the Senate passed
a bill in conformity to the memorial of that Legis-
lature. It has once or twice passed this House.
And I will say to every gentleman now, that the
necessities of the case demand this appropriation
for the protection of the settlements upon our
frontiers. The business interests of the country,
growing up there, require it. At the last session
of Congress, when this question was before the
House, the gentleman from South Carolina, a
member of the Military Committee, read commu-
nications from the Secretary of War, Mr. Davis,
recommending this appropriation, and a letter
from the Quartermaster General, stating that this
amount of money would be sufficient to build the
post and complete it, in every sense of the word.
The gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Stanton,] who
now moves to reduce the amount to $10,000, at
that time, advocated the passage of this very
amendment.
Mr. STANTON. I cannot hear the gentleman.
The rules require me to remain in my seat; but
nobody else conforms to it. I ask tho Chair to
preserve order.
Mr. ALDRICH. Within the last few days,
I have received a communication from the Gov-
ernor of our State, requesting me to use my ut-
most endeavors to get this appropriation passed.
Our Indians have become restive and turbulent.
We have some twenty-two thousand of them.
We have two uf the most powerful and warlike
tribes in the country; and I am surprised that the
gentleman from Ohio should get up and move, to
strike out $50,000 and insert $10,000, after he ad-
vocated this very measure last session, and urged
this appropriation. The Committee of Ways and
Means are satisfied that this amount is necessary,
and have recommended a concurrence m the
amendment of the Senate. 1 will state, further,
that I have conferred with officers of the Army,
and heads of Departments, and they have informed
me, as they informed the Seimtois from my State,
that this amount will lie requiied. I appeal, there-
fore, to gentlemen upon both sides of the House,
to sustain me in asking this appropriation for my
people.
Mr. CURTIS. I am in favor of this appropri-
ation; but I desire to move to strike out the words,
"between the forty-sixth degree and the forty-
ninth degree of north latitude."
The CHAIRMAN. Tho'amendment is not in
order at this time. There are two amendments
ah cady pending.
Mr. CURTIS. 1 hope the chairman of the
Committee on Military Affairs will accept it as a
part of his amendment.
Mr. STANTON. The gentleman will have
an opportunity of offering it when a vote shall
hove been taken "on my amendment.
Mr. BRANCH. I desire to submit a few re-
marks to the committee in reference to the pend-
ing amendments. Not many minutes ago, m the
consideration of this bill, we had a proposition to
appropriate $10,000 to protect a fortification in one
of the old States—a foi tification that is the sole
means of protection to a harbor commanding the
whole interim' of < no of thp original thirteen States
of tins Union. It ig represented to the House by
the military authonii^x that, unless that appro-
priation is made, that fortification must be lost
and destroyed; but this committee,.on the rccom-
