1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mcndation of the Committee of Ways and Means,
refused to make the appropriation of $10,000 to
protect that site. Now, we have before us a prop-
osition to build a foitification away up by the
north pole, and, 1 presume, beyond the point
where there arc any considerable settlements of
whites.
Mr. ALDRICH. Oh, no.
Mr. BRANCH. The Committee of Ways
and Means recommend that ah appropriation o'f
$50,000 should be made for that purpose, while
the chairman of the Committee on Military Affairs
rises in Ins place and tells us that §10,000 is rep-
resented by thu military authorities to be all-suffi-
cient for the purpose. I want to know, sir, how
it is. that the old States of this Union can get
nothing from this Government for their protection,
while it is impossible to defeat a claim, however
unfounded, that comes from a Territory, or from
one of the new States r It is time, Mr. Chairman,
that the Representatives of the old States should
speak out on this subject.
Mr. SHERMAN. Lest the gentleman from
North Carolina should fali into a misapprehen-
sion, I desire t.o say, that 1 voted against both of
these propositions in the Committee of Ways and
Means;but 1 was overruled. This is a new fort,
recommended, as we understood, by the War
Department, and petitioned for by the State, of
Minnesota. A very strong letter was presented
to us by our friends here, and it was very hard
to resist them. But, I voted against both these
propositions, and therefore the remarks of the
gentleman from North Carolina do not apply
to me.
Mr. BRANCH. The Chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means is mistaken in sup-
posing that my remarks related to his individual
action. 1 was commenting on the action of the
Committee of Ways and Means. In the case of
an appropriation of $10,000 for the protection of
the site at Fort Macon, in North Carolina, the
Committee of Ways and Means recommended a
non-concurrence in the amendment of the Senate.
In reference to this appropriation of $50,000 to
build a fort on the Red River of the North, the
Committee of Ways ana Means recommend a
concurrence in the amendment of the Senate. I
do not allude to the individual action of the chair-
man of the committee; 1 allude to the action of the
committee; and I say that it is time that the old
States of this Union should speak out on this sub-
ject. 1 represent a State, sir, that is one of the
original thirteen that fought the battles of the Rev-
olution. In its whole history, from the days of
the Revolution down to the present time, all the
money expended out of the public Treasury
within the limits of that State would not amount
to as much as you have expended at this session
alone in the State of Oregon. And yet, when a
small appropriation is recommended as indispens-
ably necessary to the protection of the people of
that State from a foreign enemy, we can scarcely
get a hearing even in favor of the appropriation.
The gentleman from Ohio says that memorials
and strong letters were presented to the commit-
tee, from gentlemen upon this floor and elsewhere,
in favor,of this appropriation; and I believe the
gentleman from Minnesota stated that the Legis-
lature of that State had five times petitioned Con-
gress to build this fort upon the Red River of the
North. 1 can say to the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, and to the gentleman
from Minnesota, that the Legislatures of some of
the old States of the Union are not in the habit of
petitioning this Govcrnmentto discharge its duty.
The Legislature of North Carolina attends to its
own duties, and leaves it to the Federal Congress
to discharge its duty; and if they do not discharge
it, we do not beset them with petitions and with
reminders that they have not discharged it, and
ought to do so. Sir, has the time come when the
old States are not to be allowed even to have pro-
tection from the Government against a foreign
enemy, unless their Legislatures will come here
session after session, on bended knees, and beg
for appropriations out of the public Treasury ? I,
for one, will never consent to it; and I say to gen-
tlemen, that if appropriations are not made in
North Carolina until the Legislature of North
Carolina comes here and begs you fur them, I
hope that they will neverbe made there.
We demand protection from this Government.
We have surrendered into your hands the pro-
tection of our people. We have, by the Consti-
tution of the United States, deprived ourselves of
the right of keeping troops or building fortifica-
tions, and if you fail to discharge your duty to
UvS, we have other remedies than coming here and
begging and beseeching you to make appropria-
tions for us.
Mr. CURTIS. I am surprised at the p'osition
taken by the gentleman from North Carolina.
He is trying to get up an issue, not between par-
ties, but between the old States and the new States.
The gentleman complains of the particular act of
the Committee of Ways and Means, that they did
not recommend an appropriation for the protec-
tion of Fort Macon, in North Carolina. Piotcct
what? Why, that fort has cost this Government
at least half a million dollars, and perhaps mil-
lions. It is a permanent fortification, erected there
to defend this Government and the gentleman's
own people against foreign foes; but there is no
danger from foreign foes now; and the Committee
of Ways and Means say that in the very next
appropriation they have provided for this very
fort.
Mr. BRANCH. Will the gentleman from Iowa
allow me to make one remark here?
Mr. CURTIS. Certainly.
Mr. BRANCH. Tire next amendment to which
the chairman ofthc Committee of Waysand Means
referred us as being sufficient to protect the site
of this fortification was, within a few minutes,
stricken out on the recommendation of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, and there is now no
appropriation for that purpose.
Mr. CURTIS. I think the gentleman from
North Carolina is mistaken. That amendment
was concuned in.
Mr. Chairman, the frontier in question here i3
one that is always exposed to a watchful foe—
the Indian tribes. There is no fort there, and no
permanent fortifications. I should like to know
whether, in the infancy of the colonies, North
Carolina was not protected at the national expense?
Were not the battles of the Revolution fought
there? Had we not our Army there, and did we
not all participate m the expense? Have we not
built forts there, and are we not now manning
them, summer and winter? And now the gentle-
man raises a question here as to the exercise of
fairness between the old States and the new. Here
is an appropuation of $50,000 asked for, for the
protection of the frontier, while we have expended
millions for the defense of North Carolina.
Mr. RUFFIN. Never, sir, since the formation
of the Government.
Mr. CURTIS. Taking into consideration the
expenses in the revolutionary war, the expenses
foi foi tilieations, the suivcys that we have made
on hei coast, and of her bays and rivers; taking
into consideration the expenditures in maintaining
men and armaments in her foits, I ask whether
there any comparison between the sums spent
m the old States and those spent in the frontier
States? It docs not become any member from one
of the thirteen original States to come here and
complain of the few hundred dollars spent on the
frontier, while we are expending millions yearly
in carrying on surveys, and building and main-
taining fortifications m the old States.
The gentleman, therefore, charges wrongfully
against this amendment in saying that it makes
an invidious distinction. We have a fort in North
Carolina, and are maintaining it for the purpose
of defense; but out there in Minnesota the soldiers
have to sleep on the ground in tents throughout
severe winters, and exposed to the most inclement
climate. It is not right, therefore, for the gentle-
man to get up here and appeal to prejudices at
this time, while the country is agitated, for the
purpose of showing that his State has not had
fair dealing, while we arc constantly trying to
protect and preserve all sections of the Union.
Mr. HUGHES. I shall not participate in the
debate that has just arisen in regard to this amend-
ment. With that I have nothing to do. I trust
that the committee will concur in the amendment
now pending. The Red River of the North has
become a most important avenue of trade and
travel, changing the whole direction of trade from
the Selkirk settlement, along the Red River of
the North, to Minnesota, d«>wn the Mississippi
rivei,and on to New York. My friend from
North Carolina is under a great misapprehension
as to the amount of population on the Red river.
It is concentrated in what is called the Pembina
settlement, and consists of nearly ten thousand
people. Intermediately, from the head of steam-
boat navigation down, there is a large extent of
territory exposed to the irruption of hostile tribes
—-of those warlike tribes, the Chippewas and
Sioux. It is necessary that they should be held
in check, not only for the protection of this im-
portant avenue of trade and travel, but also for
the protection <*f the settlements springing up
above the Pembina settlement.
Besides all this, it is a strong strategical point,
owing to its proximity to the frontier of a power-
ful neighboring nation. It is a position which
ought to be permanently held, held for the conve-
nience of troops, for the protection of settlers, and,
if need be, for the chastisement of savage tribes.
The amount asked for in this amendment of the
Senate is a very small one; scarcely sufficient, I
should suppose, to effect the purpose, and the
probability is, I may say frankly, that, if this
small sum be granted now, it may be necessary
to appropriate an additional sum hereafter, in
order to put this post on a proper footing.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr, STANTON. Are we actjjig under the five
minutes' rule ?
The CHAIRMAN. No, sir.
Mr. STANTON. Then I have a word to say
to the gentleman from Maryland. It is very true,
Mr. Chairman, that, at the last session of Con-
gress, on the representations of gentlemen from"
Minnesota, and of those on whom I relied, I
voted for §50,000 for this fort on the Red River of
the North. I had no official information from the
War Department as to what the necessities of the
serv ice required there, but I had the memorial of
the State Legislature. I had the representations
of my honorable friends from Minnesota, and
of distinguished Senators from that State, all stat-
ing that they desired $50,000, and that that sum "
was necessary, and I gave credit to their repre-
sentations.
Mr. ALDRICH. The gentleman says he had
! no official information. I ask him were there not
letters read herefrom the (Quartermaster General
as to the cost of this fort, and was not that official
information ?
Mr. STANTON. there were any estimate
or statement of the \V?r Department, as to the
amount required, it has wholly escaped my recol-
lection; and I am the more confident that there
was not, because, instead of making the appro-
priation last year, the committee of conference
recommended an appropriation for the purpose of
procuring an estimate of the cost.
Now, sir,I understand very well—I donotdeny
it—that a military post is necessary on that fron-
tier for the protection of the settlement. That the
| War Department recognizes. That I admit. You
; want a military post there; but you do not want
! a fortification, m any military sense of the term.
kYou do not want a defensive work there, to pre-
! vent an invasion by an armed force. You simply
want shelter for such troops as are necessary for
the protection of the frontier.
Mr. ALDRICH. The gentleman from Ohio
will bear in mind this fact: that the point where
it is pioposed to construct this fort is not very far
from the British line, and that, but a shout distance
on the other side of that line, there is a strong
military post, strongly armed, and a populous
settlement. In case of war, this post would be
necessary for the defense of the frontier, and of the
country, against an invasion from the other side
of the line; and that is one of the objects why the
appropriation is asked.
Mr. STANTON. It is suggested to me that
this post is only some two miles beyond the line
where it is pioposed to build this fort. I do not
know how the fact is; but I apprehend that no
man contemplates the concentration of a civilized
military invasion from that point of the Confed-
| eracy. It is rather remote. All that a fort is
' requisite for there, is to give protection against
Indian depredations. The opinion of the War
Department is, that two companies arc necessary
for that protection, and that Congress ought to
make such an appropriation as will provide shcl-
tei, barracks, for these troops. Theic is nothing
more wanted. The officer in charge, who was
authorized to inquire what the co^t will be. reports
to me in person that $«10;000 is abundantly suffi-
cient
