1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
863
authorizing them to receive it. R. A. Davidge
has left his residence in this city, and his present
residence is unknown. I know the facts are cor-
rect, and that these parties are entitled to the
money.
No objection being made, the resolution was
ordered to be engrossed, and read a third time; and
being engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. BURNETT moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was passed; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. THEAKER, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported as truly enrolled an act for
the relief of the assignee of Hon. David C. Brod-
erick, deceased; when the Speaker signed the
same.
HARBORS IN OHIO.
Mr. WADE introduced a bill making appro-
priations for the repair of the harbors at the mouth
of the Cuyahoga river, in the county of Cuya-
hoga, in the State of Ohio; and also for the re-
pair or reconstruction of the harbor at the mouth
of Grand river, in the county of Lake, in said
State; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Commerce.
SUSPENSION OF FEDERAL LAWS.
Mr. GARNETT introduced a joint resolution
to suspend the execution of the Federal laws
within certain States; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the select committee
of five having in charge the special message of
the President of the United States.
PORT OF BALTIMORE.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland, introduced a bill
to continue in force the act therein mentioned,
relating to the port of Baltimore; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
TIIE TARIFF.
Mr. HARRIS, of Virginia, introduced a joint
resolution repealing the tariff of 1857, and reviv-
ing the tariff of 1846; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee of
Ways and Means.
MODE OF ELECTING PRESIDENT.
Mr. WHITELEY introduced a bill proposing
an amendment of the Constitution of the United
States, in reference to the mode of electing the
President and. Vice President of the United States;
which was read a first and second time, and re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
SUSAN BAYARD.
Mr. HALL introduced a bill for the relief of
Susan Bayard, widow of A. W. R. Bayard, de-
ceased, an invalid soldier of the war of 1812; which
was read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
UNION RESOLUTIONS.
Mi*. ADRAIN- I beg leave to present the pro-
ceedings of a meeting held in Newark, New Jer-
sey, and ask that they be referred to the select
committee of thirty-three. The resolutions breathe
the spirit of compromise, and of devotion to the
Constitution and the Union.
By unanimous consent, they were referred to
the committee of thirty-three.
COLLECTION OF DUTIES.
Mr. McKEAN introduced a bill to repeal so
much of an act regulatingthe collection of duties,
&c., approved March 2, 17139, as makes certain
ports in South Carolina ports of entry; which
was read a first and second time.
Mr. McKEAN asked that it be referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
Mr. BRANCH. I object to that reference of
the bill. I move to refer it to the seloct commit-
tee of five to which was referred the special mes-
sage of the President. I think that is the proper
reference, and 1 hope there will be no objection
to its going to that committee.
Mr. McKEAN. I object to it; and prefer that
it shall go to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. DAWES. 1 hope the gentleman from
New York will permit the bill to go to the selcct
committee. The &ubject-matter of the bill most
naturally comes within the province of that com-
mittee.
Mr. McKEAN. Well, I will withdraw my
objection.
The bill was referred to the select committee of
five.
FRANKLIN TORRY.
Mr. HOARD. I ask the indulgence of the
House to listen a moment, while I introduce, and
propose to put upon its passage, a bill for the
relief of Franklin Torry. It is a bill authorizing
the Treasury Department to reissue lost bonds.
The proof of the ownership of the bonds, and of
their destruction by the burning of the steamer
Austria, is complete. The party lives in Italy,
and has been waiting some time for this bill to
pass. The bill was drawn up at the suggestion
of the Treasury Department, and provides for
bonds of indemnity. It is a mere matter of form-
ality, and I hope it will pass.
Mr. QJJARLES. Docs this bill authorize the
payment of money?
Mr. HOARD. It does not.
Mr. MAYNARD. I ask the gentleman from
New York, my colleague on the Committee of
Claims, if this case has been before that commit-
tee, and if the bill is a report from the Committee
of Claims?
Mr. HOARD. It is.
Mr. MAYNARD. I was not aware that the
case had been before the Committee of Claims. I
would prefer that the bill should go to a Commit-
tee of the Whole House.
Mr. BRANCH. I will not object to the pas-
sage of the bill as proposed by the gentleman from
New York. I avail myself of the occasion to
say, however, that there ought to beagenerallaw
to cover all similar cases.
Mr. HOARD. This case has been referred to
the Secretary of the Treasury, and the bill has
been drawn by him.
Mr. BRANCH. I will not object to the pas-
sage of the bill; but ITiope thegentleman, inasmuch
as his attention has teen callcd to the subject,
will report a bill of a general character to cover
all these cases.
Mr. MAYNARD. It is proper that I should
state that the ground of my objection was that I
was not satisfied that the party applying here for
relief had furnished evidence of his ownership of
the lost certificates. It seems, however, that I
was mistaken.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. HOARD moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
COMMODORE PAULDING.
Mr. POTTLE introduced a joint resolution
authorizing Commodore H. Paulding to accept a
sword and land from the Government of Nicar-
agua; which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
BIG PECAN ISLAND; LOUISIANA.
Mr. LANDR.UM submitted the following res-
olution; which was read, considered, and agreed
to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Lands be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of reviving the res-
ervation on Big Pecan Island, Louisiana, so as to authorize
its sale to the settlers thereon, in accordance with the
prayer of their petition, and to report by bill or otherwise.
PUBLIC LANDS IN KANSAS.
Mr. PARROTT introduced a resolution to ex-
tend the provisions of the resolution relative to
sections sixteen and thiity-six,in the Territories
of Minnesota, Kansas, and Nebraska, to certain
lands in the Territory of Kansas; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
WAGON AND MILITARY ROADS IN NEBRASKA.
Mr. DATLEY submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs be in-
stiucted to inquire into the necessity of appropriations lor
wagon and military roads in the Tcmtory of Nebraska, and
repoitby bili oi otherwise.
CINCINNATI A PORT OF ENTRY.
Mr. PENDLETON introduced a bill to estab-
I offer the following reso-
lish a port of entry at Cincinnati, in the State of
Ohio; which was read a first and se'eond time, and
referred to the Committee on Commerce*
ADDITIONAL DOORKEEPER.
Mr. EDMUNDSON. I offer the following
resolution:
Resolved, That the Doorkeeper be authorized to appoint
an additional doorkeeper for the gentleman's gallery.
I understand that it is difficult to keep order in
that gallery, and that another doorkeeper is needed.
I offer the resolution in order to preserve the
order of the House.
The resolution was agreed to.
Mr. EDMUNDSON moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was agreed to; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider upon
the table'.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PUBLIC PROPERTY IN THE SOUTH.
Mr. CLEMENS.
lution:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Interior Ife requested
to communicate to this House copies of all deeds made by
the several southern States to the United States for hind to
be used for forts, arsenate, dock -yaids, navy-yards, custom-
houses, post offices, hospitals, and other public buildings,
from the commencement of the Government to the 1st day
of January, 1861.
Mr. BRANCH. I see in this resolution a very
fruitful source* of litigation, but lean see no good
that can result from it. I think, therefore, the
gentleman from Virginia had better withdraw the
resolution.
Mr. BURNETT. If objection is made to that
resolution, is it debatable?
The SPEAKER. If objection is made, the
resolution is not debatable.
Mr. CLEMENS. Thegentleman from Nortli
Carolina was allowed to make objection to the
resolution.
The SPEAKER. If objection be made, debate
must stop.
Mr. BURNETT. I object to the resolution.
The SPEAKER. Then it cannot be received.
Mr. CLEMENS. Is it competent for me to
move a suspension of the rules ?
The SPEAKER. Not until one hour has ex-
pired. The resolution must lie over.
Mr. CLEMENS. I understood that the call
was on the States for resolutions for reference
only. I did not suppose that it was competent
for a single member to defeat the object of that
call.
The SPEAKER. All resolutions calling for
information from the Departments, must lie over
one day, if objected to. That is the rule under
which the action of the Chair has taken place.
, Mr.VANDEVER. Theresolutionwasoffered.
The gentleman from North Carolina [Mr.
Branch] rose, and did not object to the reception
of the resolution, but urged his objections to its
adoption^ I supposed that it was before the
House for consideration, and I think that the ob-
jection of the gentleman from Kentucky comes
too late.
Mr. BURNETT. The gentleman is mistaken
in a point of fact, as the Speaker will remember.
I rose as soon as the resolution was offered and
addressed the Speaker; but the Speaker recog-
nized the gentleman from North Carolina. As
soon as I could get the floor, I made the objection.
Mr. VANDEVER. Then the gentleman must
have withdrawn the objection so far as to allow
the gentleman from North Carolina to make u
speech against the merits of the resolution.
Mr. BRANCH. The rule is not that resolu-
tions which are objected to shall lie over, but
those which give rise to debate.
Mr. CLEMENS. I suppose that it is com-
petent for me to give notice that I will move to
consider the resolution to-morrow.
STATE OF TIIE COUNTRY.
Mr. VANCE. I suppose that as Congress has
been making speeches to Buncombe for forty
years, there will be no objection to Buncombe
making a speech for once, for herself. I there-
fore beg leave to offer resolutions from Buncombe
county, and also from Caldwell county, North
Carolina, in relation to the state of the country;
and 1 ask that they be referred to the committee
of thirty-three.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I desire to
