1324
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
Mr. ALDRICH. I desire to ask the gentle-
man another question. Did he not, last session,
in the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, advocate an appropriation of fl00,006
for the construction of a military post in the In-
dian territory ? If #100,000 was required there, it
seems to me that certainly $50,000 is required here.
Mr. STANTON. I think it very likely that I
was humbugged as badly about Port Cobb as I
was about Port Abercrombie, a#d led into recom-
mendingalarger appropriation than the exigencies
of the service required. I shall not be so misled
again. It may very possibly have been so; but
I shall not be so misled again. But that has
nothing to do with the question as to what amount
is required by the necessities of the service at this
point. My official information is, that the sum
of $50,000 may be reduced to §10,000, which will
be amply sufficient for the wants of the service.
Mr. ALDRICH. I only want to say one word.
The gentleman says he has official information
that $10,000 will be sufficient to construct this
fort. I wish to remark, in reply to the gentle-
man , that $20,000 was appropriated, on the recom-
mendation of the War Department, for construc-
tion of a fort Dakota Territory, and that a
further appropriation of $29,700 is recommeded
to complete that fort. But if the appropriation of
$50,000, which the Senate have proposed to this
bill, be agreed to by the House, it is proposed
not to complete the fort in Dakota, and no ap-
'propriation is made for that purpose.
Mr. STANTON. I will remark that the cost
of these forts depends exclusively upon local cir-
cumstances; and the expense of one fort, there-
fore, cannot be estimated from what another cost.
Now, the point at which this fort is proposed to
be established, is in a timbered country. The
timber necessary for every building purpose is
right at hand, and the cost will therefore be com-
paratively small.
Mr. ALDRICH. I desire to ask the gentle-
man whether there are any saw-mills in that
country to facilitate the working up of'the timber
when Wiey get it?
Mr. STANTON. I understand that there isa
saw-mill out there, owned by some gentlemen
around here, located, if 1 am not mistaken, within
ten or twelve miles of tljo point, and that they
think a very large amount of sawed lumber will
be required by the officers there, if this $50,000
appropriation passes. [Laughter.] As a matter
of fact, however, i understand that but very little
sawed lumber will be necessary for the purpose
of erecting such a fort as is required.
Mr. ALDRICH. I wish to state to the gen-
tleman, that the'y use mostly sawed lumber in
that country for their building purposes. They
do not use slabs. [Laughter.]
A Member. I suppose the slabs are not sawed.
Mr. STEVENS, of Washington. 1 desire to
make a single observation in regard to this ques-'
tion. My friend from Maryland [Mr. Hughes]
has very properly adverted to the growing im-
portance of the valley of the Red River of the
North. The gentleman from Ohio made a mis-
take in supposing that there are no persons living
in that region. There are now about Pembina a
populating of some ten thousand. There is a
large settlement about Breckinridge, and in the
country intervening between the two localities.
There are in the neighborhood large and warlike
bands of Indians, in reply to the remark of the
chairman of the Committee on Military Affairs
in reference to the cost of this post, I will remark
that it should be of sufficient capacity to accom-
modate four companies, not of infantry merely,
but at leas tone company of mounted troops should
be stationed there. Buildings will therefore be
required for stables for the animals, as well as for
the accommodation of the officers and men.
Now, sir, there is no point in the western coun-
try which has recently risen more in consequence
than this. It is not only on the line of commu-
nication between Washington Territory and the
Red River settlements, but it is well known to gen-
tlemen who have given their attention to the his-
tory of that country that the Hudson Bay Com-
pany have abandoned nearly all their posts on the
Hudson Bay, and that they send nearly all then-
supplies and goods by the way of Minnesota and
the Red River of the North. The British Govern-
ment have their minds very much devoted to this
matter. They are preparing the way for a rapid
and constant communication with their own pos-
sessions there.
Now, if you will look at. all the considerations,
at the growing business in that quarter, at the
rapid increase in our settlements, at its immediate
connection with the possessions of the largest
power on this continent next to our own; if you
will consult the necessities of our people for pro-
tection there, it does seem to me that it will be
manifest to every gentleman that the amendment
of the Senate ought to be concurred in. It seems
to me that the work is one that it is especially
important for the interests of our people to be con-
structed; and I think the amount of $50,000 appro-
priated in the amendment of the Senate is simply
adequate for its construction. I hope, therefore,
that the amendment of the honorable chairman of
the military committee will be voted down.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I want to ask one ques-
tion of the chairman of the Committee on Military
Affairs. He has spoken of the timber to be used
in the construction of this fort. I want to know
whether they will use any iron ? [Laughter.]
Mr. STANTON. I think it very likely there
will be a little iron used. I think it is probable
they will want some nails, at least.
Mr. CLARK B. COCHRANE. The amend-
ment of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Stanton,]
I understand, contemplates reducing them to the
necessity of using round timber in the construc-
tion o£ the fort. Now, 1 am m favor of giving
them square timber, and I shall therefore vote in
favor of the Senate amendment.
Mr. Stanton's amendment to the amendment
was disagreed to.
The question recurred upon the amendment pro-
posed by the Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. CURTIS. I want to amenij^the amend-
ment of the Senate. I am not in favor of desig-
nating the point where this post shall be con-
structed. I move to strike out that provision
requiring it to be located between the forty-sixth
and forty-ninth degrees of north latitude. I pro-
pose that it shall be located by the proper author-
ities wherever they think proper, in the region of
the Red River of the North. I think there can be
no objection tn this at all.
Theamendmentto theamendmentwasagreed to.
The question again recurred on the amendment
proposed by the Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. SPAULDING. I am in favor of that
amendment; but I will not detain the committee
by any remarks. I ask that the following com-
munications upon the subject may be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
War Department, February 26, 1861.
Sir: I have the honor to inclose to you a copy of a com-
munication from Captain J. N. Macomb, embodying an
estimate for collating the results of the San Juan exploring
expedition, amounting to $1,800.
I respectfully recommend the passage of an appropria-
tion accordingly.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
J. HOLT,
Secretory of War.
Hon. William Pennington, Speaker of the House oj Rep-
resentatives■
Washington, I). C., Febmary 15,1861.
Sir. I am informed by Dr. Newberry, the geologist of
the San Juan exploung expedition, that there are many
valuable, specimen* which were brought in by our paity,
and are now deposited at the Smithsonian Institution,
vhieh ato well woithy of being copied, to illu?tiato hiss r* -
poit upon the geology, botany, and natural history of the
district which we visited.
I would theieture at-k for additional funds to enable me
to pay for perfecting the report of the exploration, and mak-
ing the best use of ail the materiel which has been brought
in, for making chemical analyses of the mineral*, ores, &e.,
and making diawings of the moie important specimen*;
also, for printing the map, the engraving of which lias al-
ready been authorized.
I suppose that the sum of $1,800 will be sufficient for
the puipososahovenamed ; and I would therefore lespect-
fully ask that i may be supplied with that amount; and if
there is no appropriation irom which it can be furnished, I
would adk that an application may be made to Congress, for
an appropriation to meet this expense.
A new interest has lately been given to the scene of our
exploration, fiom the factthat gold has been discoveied a
short distance to the northwaid of it in sueli quantities as
to mduce a considerable immigiation thither; and aheadv
we hear of the establishing of a settlement at the " Pago"-
sa,"" near our upper cros^ine ot the San Juan.
J have, the honor \o icinain, very lespecifully, youi most
obedient servant, J. N. MACOMB,
Captain Top. Eng. in charge of San Juan Exploration
Captain A. A. Humphreys, Topographical JBagmcet^ Uni-
ted States Army. in charge of ojfice of Explorations and
Surveys, War Department.
The amendment was adopted.
The amendment of the Senate, as amended, was
concurred in.
Thirty-fourth amendment:
Insert as follows:
Barracks and quarters, $178,887.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended concurrence, with the following amend-
ment:
• Add at the end of the amendment of the Senate as fol-
lows:
Provided, That the Secretary of War shall cause an ex-
amination to be made into the expenditures of theduarter-
master's bureau since the 1st day of July, 1857, and report
the same to Congre&s at its next hesaiou.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to.
The Senate amendment, as amended, was con-
curred in.
Thirty-fifth amendment:
Strike from the bill, as follows:
11 Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the sum of
$1,530,318 06 be, and the same is hereby, appropriated, out
ot any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated,
for the suppojt and maintenance of a regiment of mounted
volunteers for the defense of the frontier ot Texas, to be
raised in pursuance of an act approved April 7, 1858, enti-
tled ' An act to pi ovule for the organization of a legiment
of mounted volunteer's for the d^fehse of the frontier of
Texas, and to authorize the President to cali into the ser-
vice ol the United States two additional regiments of vol-
unteers.1 "
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended concurrence in the amendment.
The amendment was concurred in.
Thirth-sixth amendment:
Add at the end of the bill, as follows:
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the Secretary of
the Jntciior be, and he is hereby, authorized anddnected to
audit arid btate the acouiits of the late supeimtendent of the
Fort Ridgely and C^uth Pass wagon road up to the time
when he was relieved from the care of the public property
in his possession, allowing him all such sums as, in the
opinion of the Seeretary,may be fair, reasonable, and just,
and charging him with all such sums as, in his opinion, he
ought to be charged with, and report the same to Congress.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Thirty-seventh amendment:
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the fifth section
of the act of the 3d ot March, 1849, chapter one hundred
and eight, be, and the same is hereby, repealed, and all the
powers and authority theieby eonferied upon the Secretary
ot the Interior be, and they are hereby, restored to the Sec-
retary of War.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended non-concurrence.
Mr. STANTON. I should like to know what
that is?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair understands
that it provides for the transfer of the control of
the Indian affairs from the Interior to the War
Department.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Thirty-eighth amendment:
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That, for the protec-
tion of emigrants on the oveiland routes between the At-
lantic slope and the California and Oregon and Washington
frontier, the sum of $50,000 is hereby appropriated, out of
any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, to
be expended under the direction of the Secretary of Wat,
if, in his judgment, the same may be neccssary.
The-Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended non-concurrence.
Mr. STEVENS, of Washington. I will de-
tain the committee, Mr. Chairman, but a mo-
ment in reference to this matter. The matter was
fully discussed in the other branch of Congress,
and passed that body by a decisive majority.
Events have occurred recently, in respect to em-
igrants passing from the western borders of the
Atlantic States to the Pacific slope, which make
it especially important that this money should he
appropriated, and placed at the disposal of the
War Department.
We have had frequent, too frequent occasion,
I regret to say,Mr. Chairman, to refer to the sad
condition of affairs upon our frontiers. Once
more I am called to again refer to them. I hold
in my hand an official report from official sources,
from which I will read a lew extracts, in order
that the subject may not rest upon the testimony
alone of those supposed to be interested. I refer
to the official repor! of the terrible disaster which
befell a party of emigrants going over the Snake
river route, during last fall. It is the report oi
Captain Dent, an officer of good standing in the
Army of the United States, Jt is a faithful report
of what he saw. Information having been re-
