384
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 14,
ask if these resolutions are in earnest, or merely
for Buncombe?
Mr. VANCE, They are in earnest. Bun-
combe never speaks for herself except when she
is in earnest. t
The resolutions were referred to the committee
of thirty-three.,
HEIRS .OS JEAN A. B. DAUTERIVE.
Mr. DAVIDSON. I ask the unanimous eon-
sentof the House to take up House bill No. 583,
for the relief of the heirs ana legal representatives
of Jean A.. B. Dauterive. ,
Mr. SHERMAN. I object until the morning
hour has expired.
EVENING SESSIONS.
Mr. SHERMAN. I offer the following reso-
lution:
Resolved, That during this week it phallbe in order, after
four o'clock, p. m., to take a recess until seven o'clock, p. m.
Mr. JONES. I object to that resolution.
Mr. SHERMAN. I call the previous ques-
tion. I offer the resolution in pursuance of the
understanding entered into on Saturday last.
Mr. JONES. I object. I wish to inquire of
the gentleman from Ohio if it is the intention of
that resolution to have night sessions?
Mr. SHERMAN. It was the desire and un-
derstanding on all sides of the. House on Satur-.
day' that we should have three days' debate; and
I offer this resolution simply to cany out that un-
derstanding,-without any desire to debate myself.
Mr. JON ES. I desire to know whether it is the
intention of the mover of that resolution merely
to have debate when we meet at seven o'clock in
the evening? If so, I will not object to ii. But
if any business is to be attended to at night I will
object to it.
Mr. SHERMAN. It was understood that it
was the desire of that side of the House that there
should be general debate for three days. 1 sup-
pose that there is no legislative business to be
done.
Mr. FLORENCE. If the gentleman from Ohio
would insert in his resolution that the evening
sessions are to be for the purposes of debate only,
that would obviate all the difficulty.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no objection, if that
be the desire of the House.
The SPEAKER. The resolution will be mod-
ified so as to make it read, " for purposes of de-
bate only."
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I object to the
resolution unless it is understood that a quorum
is to be present.
The SPEAKER. The Chair suggests to the
gentleman from Ohio that that is a matter which
must be controlled by the House.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I desire to'
isk a question of the Chair. Under this resolu-
tion it would be in the discretion of the House,
as I understand it, to take a recess or not.
Mr. SHERMAN. Certainly. It, is only if
the House do.-ui-o to have a leeess that it will take
one.
Mr. HARRIS, of Virginia. From the reading
of the resolution, I cannot tell whether the debate
is to take place during the recess or after we meet
in the evening. For my own part, it seems that
the proper time would be during the reccss.
[Laughter.!
Mr. KUNKEL. I desire to ask a question of
the Chair. As that resolution infringes a rule of
the House, I ask whether it will not require a
vote of two thirds to pass it'
The SPEAKER. The Chair supposes, on re-
flection, that it does require a vote of two thirds.
Mr. KUNKEL. Then I call for the yeas and
nays on the passage of the resolution.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. LEAKE. 1 desire to make an inquiry of
the gentleman from Ohio who offered this resolu-
tion. I understand him to say that the agreement
made was for three days' debate. He now pro-
poses, it seems, to have no day debate at all, but
merely to have a session for debate in the even-
ing. I want to know if the whole is to be occu-
pied in debate ?
Mr. SHERMAN. I offer this resolution for
the accommodation of other gentlemen. I shall
not speak myself. It it* for the purpose of allow-
ing three full days' debate, including day and
evening sessions. The House can, at any time,
if tired of debate, refuse to take a recess by a vote
of the majority. The matter will be within the
power of the majority.
Mr. VALL1NDIUHAM. Has the amend-
ment suggested, in regard to limiting the evening
sessions to debate, been incorporated in the reso-
lution ?
The SPEAKER. It has been.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Then I raise the
point of order, that this is equivalent to a change
of the rules of the House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has already de-
cided that it requires a two-thirds vote.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. There is another
rule to which I call the attention of the Chair.
It is, that the rules cannot be changed without one
day's notice; and I make a point of order upon
that.
The SPEAKER. That position is correctly
taken. The resolution must lie over.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. Do I understand
the Chair to decide that the resolution is to be laid
on the table, under the rules?
The SPEAKER. Yes; because one day's
notice of a change of the rules is required.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I understood that
the resolution was received by the House. There
certainly was debate, and the resolution was be-
fore us for our action. I think the point of order
comes too late.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion
that the point of order was made in time.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then I give notice that, at
the proper time, I will move to suspend the rules.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I intended my
point of order to apply only to the amendment to
the resolution, not to the resolution itself, to
which I hove no objection.
The SPEAKER. The resolution is an entire
thing.
Mr. MORRIS,of Illinois. I withdraw my point
of order, inasmuch as the genlleman from Ohio
has informed the House he will move to suspend
the rules at the proper time.
ABSTRACTED BONDS.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask leave to have a com-
munication referred to the selectcomnnttee of five,
oil the abstracted bonds of (he Indian buieau. It
is a letter from a former Secretary of the Interior,
Mr. McClclland. 1 merely desire to have it re-
ferred to the select committee of five oil these
bonds.
Mr. BOCOCIC. I think it is proper, and is due
to the gentlemen who have been implicated—Mr.
McClclland among the number—that this letter
should be referred to that committee, and that the
subject of it should be investigated. Mr. McClel-
land has been ehaigcd with improper conduct in
the matter of Indian tfust bonds, and he wishes
to have the subject investigated. It is due to him
that it should be. 11 is understood that other gen-
tlemen who held office under former Administra-
tions arc placed m the same position; and it is
equally due to them—Mr. Stuart, of,the State of
Virginia, and other gentlemen, are mentioned—•
that the reference should be made, and the subject
fully investigated.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I will state to the
House that the communication presented by the
gentleman from Ohio was placed in my hands as
chairman of the select committee. I advised the
gentleman who handed it to me to have it pre-
sented to the House and have it referred in the
proper way, as, without such reference, the com-
mittee would not be authorized to take any notice
of it.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I ask that the
communication be read.
It was read, as follows:
Detroit, January 7, 1861.
Dear Sir: T have learned that some letter-writer inti-
mated that, during the adnmu>tiation of the Interior De-
partment by Mosm*:?. Ewmg, Stuart, and mvseil, the Indian
trust bonds weie removed irom the Department lor illegit-
imate purposes. While I was Seeietary I never knew or
licaid of it, and am confident there is not a paificleot truth
in the intimation. The then Commissionei of Indian Af-
fairs ((George \V. Manypcmiy, Esq.) was <1 gentleman of
scrupulous integrity, an excellent officer, and a zealous
friend of the Indians. It will be found, upon inquiiv, that
I adopted every piecaution against fraud and peculation,
not only in the Indian, but all tins other bureaus. You will
oblige me by lequestmg the present investigating commit-
tee to (iacct their attention to fins matter, and examine it
thoroughly.
I deem it due to M>?srs Ewing and Stuait, ray prede-
cessors, to state that I never lieard any such insinuation
against either while I was in Hie Department.
With high legard, your obedient servant,
r. McClelland.
Hon. "William A. Howard.
There being no objection, the communication
was referred to the select committee of five on the
abstracted bonds.
COMPENSATION OF MEMBERS.
Mr. ADAMS, of Kentucky. I offer the fol-
lowing resolution; and move the previous ques-
tion upon it:
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and Means be,
and are hereby, instructed to report to this House imtanter
a bill to repeal the first and second sections of the act ap-
proved August 16, 1856, entitled "An act to regulate the
compensation of members ot' Congress."
Mr. LEAKE. I move to lay the resolution on
the table.
Mr. ADAMS, of Kentucky. I demand the
previous question.
Mr. LEAKE. I am informed that a single ob-
jection will keep out this resolution. I therefore
object to its reception.
The SPEAKER. The resolution cannot be
received, if objected to.
Mr. ADAMS, of Kentucky. What am I to
understand as the ruling of the Chair in regard to
my resolution ?
The SPEAKER That, as it proposes a change
in the rule, it is not in order.
Mr. HINDMAN. I hope the gentleman from
Kentucky will be allowed to offer that resolution.
It is Washingtonian in its purport, and I think
wc ought to set an example to our follow-citizena
in reducing all compensation. I have no doubt
. the gentleman from Kentucky would do so.
TN STATE 01" TIIE UNION.
Mr. MOORE, of Kentucky. I ask leave to pre-
sent a series of resolutions, passed unanimously
by a convention of tiie Union and Douglas Dem-
ocratic puity, held in the State of Kentucky. It
was the largest convention ever held in the State.
I ask that they be read.
Mr. LEAKE. I object to their being read.
Mr. TIINDMAN. Let them be referred to the
receptacle of all emanations of that sort—the com-
mittee of thirty-three.
They were so referred.
Mr. ETllEUIDGrE. 1 ask leave to offer a joint
resolution proposing amendments to the Consti-
tution of tho United {States.
Mi. LOVEJOY. I object. Are any resolu-
tions in order except for reference?
Mr. ETHERIDGE. I ask that this joint res-
olution bo postponed till to-morrow week.
The SPEAKER. The joint resolution is not
in order.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Then I object to it.
The resolution was not received.
Mr. MAYNARD. I offer the following reso-
lution for reference:
Resolved, That the special committee to which was in-
ferred the PioMdent'^ special message of the 8th instant,
be, and theyaie heieby, instructed to consider that ponion
of said me^Nicrc which leeommends a reference to the vote
of the people of the questions at issue between the ditleient
sections of the country, and now agitatingthe public peace,
and threatening the r-peedy dissolution ot the Government,
and to lepoir thereou at an early day, cither by bill or joint
resolution.
I ask that it be referreed to the special commit-
tee of five of which Mr. Howard, of Michigan,
is chairman.
It was so referred.
Mr. HOLMAjN". I offer the following resolu-
tions:
Whereas the present alarming condition of our national
affairs, while demanding of the General Government, astbe
common national representative of the whole people of the
United States, m the execution of its duties, moderation
and prudence, and a spirit of fraternal conciliation and for-
heaiahce, aNo demand* temperate thinners and a distinct
decimation of the policy which will control the Govern-
ment m the execution of the constitutional duty of main-
taining the common rights of all of the States of the Union :
Therefore, as expressive ot the opinion of this House on
the pending question?,
1. Resolved. That the right of a State to withdraw from
the Union, recently asserted in certain quarteisol the Con-
federacy, i> not, in tin; judgment of tins House, recognized
by the Constitution of the United State.', but is wholly in-
consistent with the manifest design and declared puipose of
that mstiument; and neither the President nor the Congress
of the United States havo been invested by the people in
the organization of their Government with authority to
recognize a State, once admitted into the Confederacy, in
anv other character than 2u>one of the States of the Union.
2. Resolved. That by the Constitution the General Gov-
