1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
eminent is invested with the powers necessary for the col-
lection of the public revenues under all circumstances
whatever, and for the protection of the common property
of tin* people of the United States, wherever the same may
be situated, anJ gcneiaUy to provide for the common de-
fense aud general welfare of the United States; the exer-
cise of which powers, so far as is necessary to protect and
maintain the common rights of all of the States, is de-
manded of the General Governmental an act of good faith,
and of impeiative duty in the execution of the constitu-
tional tiust.
3. Resolved, That the Judiciary Committee be instructed
to report to Hie House whether the laws now in force are
sufficient to enable the Government to effectually sustain
it rights of property situate m the several States, or else-
where, and to collect its revenues whfre an attempt shall
be made to icmst their collection ; and if, m the opinion of
said committee, the laws are insufficient, the said commit-
tee is instructed to icport the necessary bill to accomplish
effectually the objects aforesaid, and making it the Imper-
ative duty of the Government to call into lequisition all
the poweis with which it is invested by the Constitution
to protect the property of the United States wheievcr sit-
uated, and collect the revenues of the Government in all
cases whatever, by the employment of the Navy, or other-
wise, as the exigencies of the case may require.
4. Resolved further, That the measures of the Govern-
ment, in the temperate vindication of the laws, and in the
maintenance of the constitutional rights of all ofthe States
of the Union, shall receive the firm and unwavering sup-
port of this branch of the national Congress.
Mr. SIMMS. I object to the reception of the
resolution.
Mr. HOLMAN. I have called the previous
question. I will say, however, that I understand
that if the previous question is ordered, I shall
be entitled to address the House upon it after-
wards.
The SPEAKER. If the previous question be
ordered, no debate will be in order under it.
Mr. HOLMAN. I demand the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. SIMMS. I object to the resolution.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky will understand, that if there is a demand
made for the previous question, as is the fact in
this case, it is the right of the gentleman to have
that question settled by a vote of the House.
Mr. SIMMS. But I object to the reception of
the resolution.
The SPEAKER. The resolution was offered
and received.under a regular call of the States for
resolutions, and must be received, notwithstand-
ing objection be made.
Mr. GARTRELL. I ask whether, if the de-
mand for the previous question be withdrawn, it
will be m order for me to submit a substitute.
The SPEAKER. It will.
Mr. GARTRELL. Then I will state that the
gentlemen from Indiana consents to have the sub-
stitute proposed read.
Mr. BINGHAM. I object to the reading of
the substitute.
Mr. BURNETT. If the gentleman from Indiana
will allow me, I desire to make this appeal to him:
I understand, from the preamble to his resolution,
that he desires an expression of opinion on the
part ofthe House on the questions now exciting
the public mind of the country. If so, I ask him
to withdraw the demand for the previous ques-
tion, and let us have a vote between the two prop-
ositions—I mean between the one I propose, which
is what is known as the Crittenden propositions,
and the one proposed in his resolution.
Mr. BINGHAM. I object to any arrangement
of the soKt.
The SPEAKER. Debate is out of order unless
thegentleman from Indiana withdraws his demand
for the previous question.
Mr. GARTRELL. I ask to have my substi-
tute read.
Mr. BINGHAM. I object.
Mr. GARTRELL. Well, I hope the demand
for the previous question will be; voted down.
Mr. BURNETT. I now ask the gentleman
from Indiana to withdraw Ins demand for the pre-
vious question, to enable me to submit, as an
amendment, theCrittenden plan,and let the House
vote between them. Does the gentleman from
Indiana consent?
The SPEAKER. The question before the
House is upon seconding the demand for the pre-
vious question.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. The House has
appointed a committee, to which has been refened
all propositions of this nature.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I object to debate.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I ask the gentle-
man from Indiana to allow the resolutions to go to
the select committee of five.
Mr. HOLMAN. No, sir. I prefer to have an
expression of opinion upon the part of the House.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Then I move to
lay the resolutions on the table.
Mr. BURNETT. I ask the gentleman from
Indiana to withdraw his demand for the previous
question.
Mr. BINGHAM. I object.
The SPEAKER. The Chair must state to the
gentleman from Kentucky that nothing is in order
or can be received in the nature of debate.
Mr. BURNETT. I am not proposing debate.
I merely ask a gentleman to withdraw a motion,
which 1 have the right to do.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I will withdraw
my motion to lay the resolution on the table. •
Mr. BURNETT. I now again ask the gentle-
man from Indiana to withdraw his demand for
the previous question, to allow my amendment
to come in.
Mr. HOLMAN. I will say to the gentleman
from Kentucky, that I do not regard the amend-
ment he desires to offer as at all in conflict with
my resolutions.
Mr. BINGHAM. I object to debate.
Mr. BOCOCK. I then renew the motion to
lay the resolution on the table.
Mr. BRANCH. I give notice that, if the de-
mand for the previous question is voted down, I
will move to refer the resolutions to the select com-
mittee of thirty-three.
Mr. BINGHAM. I object to all debate. I call
for the yeas and nays upon the motion to lay on
the table.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HOLMAN. I trust the House will allow
me to say one word in reference to these resolu-
tions.
Mr. VALLANDIGI-IAM. Unless we can all
have a chance, 1 shall certainly object,
Mr. HOLMAN. Very well. Then, if the mo-
tion to lay on the table is withdrawn, I will with-
draw the demand for the previous question.
Mr. BOCOCK. To enable the gentleman from
Indiana to withdraw his demand ior the previous
question, I will withdraw the motion to lay on
the table.
Mr. HOLMAN. I withdraw the demand for
the previous question.
Mr. GROW. I rise to a question of order. I
ask if the morning hour has expired ? If it has
not, the resolution must be referred.
The SPEAKER. It has not quite expired.
Mr. GROW Then the resolution must be
referred under the rule.
The SPEAKER. The resolution was received
in the regular call of States for resolutions. The
rule, in that respect, has not been changed. The
resolution is regularly before the House.
Mr. BURNETT. I ask the gentleman from
Indiana if he has withdrawn his demand for the
previous question ?
Mr. HOLMAN. I have.
Mr. SHERMAN. I rise to a question of order.
If the gentleman from Indiana withdraws his de-
mand for the previous question, I propose to de-
bate the resolution; and that will send it over.
Mr. BURNETT. The gentleman from Ohio
cannot get the floor for that purpose under color
of rising to a question of order. I was entitled to
the floor.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
has not yielded the floor, as the Chair under-
stands.
Mr. BURNETT. The gentleman from Ohio
rose to a question of order, and the point I make
is this: that he cannot obtain the floor undercolor
of a question of order, for the purpose of debate.
If he had struggled with me for the floor in the
regular way, and had succecded in obtaining it,
I would not complain; but I distinctly addressed
the Chair three times in a distinct voice before the
gentleman was recognized.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio is
clearly entitled to the floor, in the opinion of the
Chair: and the Chair decides that, debate having
been proposed, the resolution must go over.
Mr. IvUNKEL. I understood the Chair to
recognize the gentleman from Kentucky who pro-
pounded a question to the gentleman from Indi-
ana, to which the gentleman from Indiana re-
sponded.
The SPEAKER. The Chair recognized the
gentleman frem Kentucky several times; but on
this occasion he recognized the gentleman from'
Ohio.
Mr. GROW. No debate ia in order, and I
object. t
Mr. HOLMAN. I desire to state that I did
not withdraw the demand for the previous ques-
tion, except for one purpose; and if that cailnot
be accomplished, I desire still to insist on the
demand.
The SPEAKER, The Chair cannot recognize
these agreements among members. The gentle-
man from Indiana withdrew his demand for the
previous question, and debate having been pro-
posed, it must go over.
Mr. ENGLISH. I desire to submit a resolu-
tion; and I call the previous question upon it. 1
submit the following:
Resolved, That the present alarming condition of the
country imperatively demands that Congress should take
immediate steps to preserve the peace and maintain the
Union, by removing as far as possible all causes of irritation
and division, and to that end patriotism should prompt a
chcerful surrender of all partisan prejudices and minor dif-
ferences of opinion; and the House, .believing the plan of
adjustment proposed by Hon. John J. Crittenden, In the
Senate, December 18, 1860, would be an equitable and hon-
orable compromise, involving no sacrifice to any party or
section that should not be promptly made for the sake of
the inestimable blessings of peace and a united country,
hereby instruct the committee of thirty-three, heretofore
appointed by the House, to report without delay the neces-
sary measures to carry that plan into practical effect.
Mr. HOWARD, of Michigan. I rise to a
question of order. That resolution proposes to
change the rules, by instructing one of the com-
mittees of the House, and must therefore lie over
one day.
The SPEAKER. The Chair supposes the
point not to be well taken.
Mr. HOWARD, of Michigan. It has been
decided to he well taken once to-day.
Mr. SHERMAN. I call for tellers on second-
ing the demand for the previous question.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Simms and
Spinner were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes, 71; noes, 79.
So the previous question was not seconded.
Mr. GROW. I propose to debate this resolu-
tion.
The SPEAKER. Then the resolution must go
over.
JEAN A. B. DATJTERIYE.
Mr. DAVIDSON. I ask the consent of the
House to discharge the Committee of the Whole
House on the Private Calendar from the further
consideration of House bill No. 583, for the relief
of the heirs and legal representatives of Jean A.
B. Dauterive.
Mr. FARNSWORTH objected.
Mr.DAVIDSON moved to suspend the rules.
The bill was read. It enacts that the claim of
the heirs and legal representatives of Jean Antoine
Bernard Dauterive, late of Louisiana, to a certain
tract of land in said State, having forty-four
arpents fronton the Mississippiriver,and extend-
ing in depth to the Atchafalya river, bounded
above by a line beginning on the Mississippi
river, in township ten, of range thirteen east, of
thesoutheastern district of Louisiana, at the lower
corner ofthe tract of land surveyed, in the name
of Vicente Delpino, on the 14th of February,
1772, by Don Luis Andry, surveyor general of
the province of Louisiana, and granted to Delpino
on the 11th of July, 1774, by Don Luis de Un-
zaga y Amezaga, the Spanish Governor of said
province, and confirmed by the Government of the
United States to Joseph HebertasclaimNo. 406,
and runningnorthwest thence until it strikes Atch-
afalaya river, and bounded below by a line begin-
ning on the Mississippi river forty-four arpents
below the beginning of the upper line, at the upper
j corner of a tract of land surveyed, in the name of
Antonio M. Dorva!, on the 12th of March, 1772,
by Don Luis Andry, surveyor general of said
province, and granted Dorval by Don Luis de
Unzaga y Amezaga, Governor under the Spanish
Government, on the 7th of July, 1774, and con*
firmed by the Government of the United States to
BarbeChlatreasclaimNo. 206,and running south
forty-five degrees west from there until it strikes
the Atchafalaya river, with the exception of and
excluding therefrom the front thereof on the Mis-
sissippi river to the depth of forty arpents from
the river, be confirmed to the heirs and legal rep-
resentatives 6>f Jean AnttJire Bernard Dauterive.
