1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1325
ceived of the massacre of those emigrants, Cap-
tain Dent was sent out to rescue those who might
still have survived. Hefound,of a party of fQrty-
five persons, the mangled bodies of thirty—notot
men, merely, but the bodies of weak women and
tender children. Ten of that party were also
found, reduced to skeletons from want of food;
and most horrible to relate, they were livingupon
the bodies of those who had died of starvation,
it is almost impossible to go on with the sad re-
cital. I will therefore at once proceed to read the
extracts I have referred to:
" On the evening of the 19th, Lieutenant Reno discovered,
on a small branch of Burnt river, two emigrants almost
naked, without fit e, and starving ; the names of thesis two,
as given mp by themselves, are Civilian G. Munson and
Charles M. Chaffee." * * * * *
"At some points on the road finding tracks of women
and children, their trail parsing over rocky ground, and ruin
having fallen on it since made, it was hard to follow until
he came to where the emigrant road between Malheur and
jBumt liver touchcs on Snake river; here the tiail wu*
fresh, and his hopes were roused of speedily finding them;
the daylight was nearly gone, but the searcli continued, and
when he had proceeded to within two miles ol the camp
lie had lelt on Burnt river, he camc on, at a short distance
from the road,and in thesage brush, a scene of murder and
mutilation only to be found where the warwhoop has sig-
naled the acalping-knife's deadly work; gleaming in the
moonlight, dead, stripped, and mutilated, lay the bodies of
mv persons. Tliey were identified by Mr. Keith as Mr.
Alexus Vanorman, his wife, Abigail Vanorman, and son,
Marcus Vanorman, Charles Otter, Henry Otter, and Sam-
uel Glea^on. Mrs. Vanorman hadhpen whipped, scalped,
and otherwise abused byhei murderers; the boys, Charles
and Henry Otter, were killed with arrows; Mr. Vanorman,
Marcus Vanorman, and Gleason, had their throats cut, and
besides were pieiced by numerous ariovvs." * * * *
k£ On the morning of the 25th of October, when en route
to the Owyhee from the Malheur, I received an express lioiri
Lieutenant Anderson, informing me that the evening before
he had found on the Owyhee twelve emigrants alive and
five dead; those still alive were keeping life in them by
eating those who had died. I will not attempt t# describe
the &cene of horror this camp picsented, even when I
reached it at twelve o'clock that day ; tho^e who were still
alive were skeletons with life in them; then frantic cries
lbi food rang in our earsincessantly ; lood wad given them
every hour in small quantities, but tor days the ciy was still
kept up by the children." * " * , * *
" An hour or two before m> aiuval at Lieutenant Ander-
son';. camp, he found the remains of Christopher Trimble,
who had been murdered b\ the Indians; his body had been
mueh.disturbed by the wolves, but sufficient remained to
identify it. The*e remains were found a bhort distance
beyond the Owjhee. This boy, of eleven years of age,
deserves especial mention. He had killed several Indians
in the fight; he left the fugitives and went forward to the
Malheur, where he obtained of Chaffep •some horse flesh,
which he took hack to the women and children; he then
became a prisoner voluntarily with the Indians, m order
that he might get salmon taken to the camp, and did sue
ceed in so doing and m going with the Indians there. Two
weeks had elapsed since his last visit; it must have been
at that time that he was kiiled."
Mr. Chairman, I might read further extracts,
but I will refrain from doing so. These scenes
have been familiar to those who have for the past
four years made constant appeals to Congress so
to organize the public service as to savu our coun-
tiymen and countrywomen from ruthless and in-
human slaughter. You have heard the recital in
this case; you have heard of the terrible calamity
which befell these men, women and children; and
now, sir, I pray that this small sum may be ap-
propriated and placed at the disposal of the War
Department, in order that like disasters to the em-
igrants may be averted m the future. I now leave
the subject to the justice of the House.
The question was taken; and the amendment
of the Senate was non-concurred in.
Air. SHERMAN moved that the committee
nae, and report the amendments of the Senate to
the House.
The question was taken; and the motion was
agreed to.
"So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Grow reported that the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
had, according to order, had the Union generally
under consideration, and particularly the amend-
ments of the Senate to the Army appropriation
bill, and had directed him to report the same hack
to the House, some with and some without amund-
mt'Di.
Mr. SHERMAN. I demand the previous
question on the amendments of the Senate.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. SHERMAN. If there be no objection, I
wilt move that the action of the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union be agreed to.
Mr. STANTON, I want a separate vote on
the thirtieth amendment.
On tl^g remaining amendments, the action of
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union was agreed to.
Thirtieth amendment:
For the construction of a military post in, or near, the
valley ofthe Red liivei of the North, between the forty-sixth
degree and forty-ninth degree of north platitude, $50,000 ;
the site to be selected, and post built, under direction of
the Secietary of War. J
The SPEAKER. The Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union recommend concur-
rence in that amendment of the Senate, with the
following amendment:
For completing the report, and perfecting the drawings
of the San Juan exploring expedition, $1,800.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed to.
The question then recurred on the amendment
of the Senate as amended.
Thc-House divided; and there were—ayes fifty;
noes not counted.
Mr. FLORENCE demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Florence
and Hale were appointed.
The tellers reported—ayes eighty-five; noes not
coun ted.
Mr. STANTON. If this House is willing to
vote $50,000 for this work when the War Depart-
ment recommended only §10,000 as necessary, I
think that the vote ought to be taken by yeas
and nays. I demand the yeas and nays, at any
rate.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
twenty-six.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. That is hardly
a sufficient number to order the yeas and nays.
Mr. STANTON. I demand tellers on ordering
the yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Aldricii
and Kuulingame were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 28, noes 63.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 83, nays 55; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Green Adam", Adrain, Aldrich, William
C. Anderson, Barret, Blair, Bouhgny, Brabs>on, Bri-anv,
lluffinton, Burch, Burlingame, Campbell, Case, John B.
Clatk, Clemens, Clark is. Cochiane, Colfax, Coi win, Co-
vodc, Cox, James Craig, Curtis, II. Winter Davis, Dawes,
Dimmiek, Dunn, Etheridge, Florence, Fo-ter, Fouke,
Fiank, Gilmer, Gooch, Grow, Hale, J. Morrison Iiaru>,
Haskin, Ilatton, riindman, William Howard, Hughe-*, Jun-
km, Kilgoie, DeWitt C. Leach, Lee, Maclaj, Mallory,
iMarston, Maynard, McPheison, Laban T. Moore, Mooi-
head, IYIoruli, Edwaid Joy Morris, Isaac N. Morris, Mor^e. ,
Nelson, Niblack, Nixon, Nooll, Olin, Palmer, l'ettit,
Uuarles, John II. Reynolds, Rice, Christopher Robinson,
Scrantori, Sickles, Somes, Spauldmz, Spinner, William
Stewait, Stokes, Stiatton, Tbavr, V«indev< r, Wade, El-
lihu R.Wa=hburm\ Windom, Wood, and Woodruff—83.
NAYtf— Messis. Alley, Ashley, Babbitt, Beale, Bingham,
Blake, Butterfield, Caiey, Horace F. Clark. Cohuin, John
Cochrane, Duel!, EdtnmuKon, Eliot, Ely, Enghsh, Farns-
woith, Fenv, JohnT. Harris, Hoard, Ilolman, Irvine, Jen-
kins James M. Leach, Leake,Loomis, Lovejoy, Charles
D. iMcUtm, Elbcit fc*. Martin, McClcrnand, McKean, Mill-
ion, Pendleton, i'eiry, Porter, Potter, Pottle, Pryor, James
C. Robinson, Ruliin, Sedgwick, Sherman, Simms, William ,
Smith, Stanton, Stevenson, Thomas, Tompkins,Trimble,
Vance, Van Wyck, Waldron, Wells, Winslow,and Wood-
son—f>5.
So the Senate amendment, as amended, was
concurred in.
During the vote,
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois, stated that he had
paired with Mr. Burnett on this and all other
questions, except those which relate to the diffi-
culties which at present environ the country, upon
which, probably, both would vote for some rea-<
sonable adjustment.
Mr. BRANCH and Mr. RIGrGS (being neces-
sarily absent when their names were called) asked
! leave to vote.
i Objection was made.
I Mr. SHERMAN moved to dispense with the
1 reading of the names.
There was no objection; and it was ordered
accordingly.
The vote was announced as above recorded.
Mr. SHERMAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the several amendments were concurred
in; and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN moved that a committee of
conference be asked on the disagreeing votes be-
tween the two Houses on the Army appropria-
tion bill.
The question was taken; and the motion waa
agreed to.
The SPEAKER appointed Messrs. Morrill,
Stanton, and John Cochrane, managers of said
conference on the part of the House.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. THEAKER, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that they had examined and
found truly enrolled bills of the following titles;
when the Speaker signed the same:
An act (S. No. 11) to provide for the payment
of expenses incurred by the Territories of "Wash-
ington and Oregon, in the suppression of Indian
hostilities therein, in the years 1855 and 1856.
An act (H. R. No. 655) granting a pension to
Prentis Chaplain; and
An act (H R. No. 981) to confirm a certain
private land claim in the Territory of NewMexico.
CORRECTIONS OF THE JOURNAL.
Mr. WINSLOW. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. I find,in the report of the proceedings of the
Globe, of day before yesterday, that my name is
not recorded upon the vote on the motion of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr, Hickman,] to
lay upon the table the resolution reported by the
clerk ofthe select committee of thirty-three. Nor,
sir, is it recorded on the Journal. 1 ask that the
correction may be made.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Did the gentleman vote?
Mr. WINSLOW. X did; and I want it to go
upon the record, as this is a historical matter. I
voted in the negative, and let it so be stated.
There was no objection; and it was ordered
accordingly.
Mr. FLORENCE. My vote on the first series
of resolutions reported.from the select committee
of thirty-three is neither reported in the Globe
noi' on the Journal. I did vote in the affirmative
upon their passage, and 1 ask that it be so stated.
There was no objection; and it was ordered
accordingly.
MESSAGE FROM TIIE PRESIDENT.
A message, in writing, was received from the
President of the United States, by A. J. Gloss-
brenner, his Private Secretary, who also notified
the 'House that the President had, on the 28th of
February last, signed bills of the following titles:
An act (H. R. No. 999) to amend " An act sup-
plementary to an act approved March 3, 1855,
to organize an institution for the insane of the
Army and Navy and of the District of Columbia,
in the said District,"approved February 7, 1857;
and
An act (H. R. No. 909) for the relief of Thomas
Chittenden.
POST OFFICE APPROPRIATION BILL.
On motion of Mr. SHERMAN, the amend-
ments of the Senate to the Post Office appropria-
tion bill were referred to the Committee of Ways
and Means.
Mr. CORWIN. I now call up the regular
order of business, which is the report of the select
committee of thirty-three.
DELEGATE FROM JEFFERSON TERRITORY.
Mr. GILMER. I rise to a privileged question,
which will consume but a few minutes. I de-
sire to make a report from the Committee of Elec-
tions.
Mr. BURNETT. The report may be read for
information; but I reserve my uglit to object.
Mr. GILMER then made the report; which
was read, as follows:
The Committee of Elections, to whom was referred the
memorial of the people ofthe proposed Territory of Jeffer-
son, and the application of Beverly D. Williams, submit
the following report:
The people fiom every quarter, attracted by the news
that gold had been discovered m the neighborhood of Pike's
Peak, in the summer of I8.)S, emigrated to tliat section of
the countiy. The winter of 1858-59 found several thousand
men collected together for peimanent settlement in a land
where no jurisdiction was >et organized. The want of law
for the regulation of such a body suggested t-ociety to them,
and for a time a vigilance committee assumed the reins of
government.
The spring of 1859 added very largely to the emigration;
so much so that the people inhabiting the country where
the lands had not been (and have not yet been} suiveyed,
where the Indian title had not been extinguished, where
no territorial organization had been cfiectcd under terri-
torial law, thought themselves sufficiently numerous to form
a State, and to apply for admission into the Union. ,VA con-
vention was called, and the question was put on the choice
of government," State" or " Territory." Preferring the lat-
ter, the people organized a provisional government, passed
