1328
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1.
phrey, Jtmkin, Francis W. Kellogg, William Kellogg,
Kenyon, Kilgore, Killinger, Larrabee, Lee, Logan, Long-
neeker, Loomis, Maclay, Charles D. Martin, Maynard, Mc
demand, McKean, McKenty, McKnlght, McPherson,
Millward, Laban T. Moore, Mourh©ad, Morrill,'Edward
Joy Morris, Niblack, Nixon, Palmer, Pendleton, Perry,
Pettit, Porter,Cottle, John H. Reynold^ Rice, Puggs, Christ-
opher Robinson, James C. Robinson, Sickles, Spauldmg,
Spinner, Stanton, James A. Stewart, William Stewart,
Stokes, Stratton, Thayer, Theaker, Tompkins, Tiam,
Trimble, Wade, Waldron, Walton, Webster, Windom,
Wood, and Woodruff—104.
So the House refused to lay the bill on the
table.
Mr. NOELL (when his name was called) said:
Believing that the effect of this bill would be to
deprive the owner of a fugitive slave of the ser-
vices of that slave during the pendency of a long
suit, I vote to lay it on tne table.
The question recurred on seconding the previ-
ous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and, under its operation,
the bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a
third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. pATTONjits chief clerk,informingthe House
that the Senate had passed a joint resolution (H.
R. No. 59) authorizing Commodore H.Paulding
to receive a sword and grant of land awarded to
him by the Republic of Nicaragua, with amend-
ments, in which he was directed to ask the con-
currence of the House.
Also, that th'c Senate had passed a resolution
(No. 68) for the relief of Captain Hiram Paul-
ding, United States Nayy, in which he was di-
rected to ask the concurrence of the House.
FUGITIVES FROM LABOR AGAIN.
Mr. HICKMAN. Is it in order now to move
to lay the whole special order on the table?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks not.
Mr.HICKMAN. Then I move that the further
consideration of the special order be postponed
till Mondfiy, at twelve o'clock.
Mr. LEAKE. Is the previous question ex-
hausted?
Mr. CORWIN. I move the previous question.
Mr. LEAKE. The gentleman is not entitled
to the floor to move the previous question. I in-
sist on my rights, and I mean to have them.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has recognized
the gentleman from Ohio as demanding the pre-
vious question.
Mr. LEAKE. The gentleman from Ohio did
not rise till after I was recognized.
The SPEAKER. The previous question has
been called, and the gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia has moved to postpone.
Mr. LEAKE. I rise to a question of privilege.
I rose and addressed the Chair and was recog-
nized. The gentleman from Ohio then arose,
subsequently to my being recognized, but he has
yet made no call for the previous question that I
fiavc heard. He had not tho floor for any pur-
pose.
The SPEAKER. The Choir thinks there is a
misunderstanding. The previous question had
been demanded by the gentleman from Ohio.
Mr. LEAKE. The gentleman from Ohio de-
mands the previous question on the third reading.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a
third time, and was engrossed and read a third
time, and there the previous question was ex-
hausted.
Mr. BRIGGS. I also rose and called the pre-
vious question.
Mr. LEAKE. I was certainly recognized be-
fore the gentleman from Ohio. I saw him imme-
diately afterwards rise from his seat.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania moved to postpone the special order.
Mr. LEAKE. How did the gentleman from
Pennsylvaniaget the floor while I was on it?
The SPEAKER. The Chair supposes the
motion was made in order. The gentleman from
Pennsylvania had the floor assigned him.
Mr. LEAKE. But I was on the floor, and was
recognized.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia could not have the floor for the purpose of
debate.
Mr. LEAKE. "We are passing bills here with-
out reference to the  opinions and wishes of forty
thousand of my constituents. Even when I have
obtained the floor, after much difficulty, it is pro-
posed to deprive me of it. If that be a specimen
of your liberality, then, sir, the sooner we secede
the better. [Cries of" Order!"]
Mr.VALLA&DIGHAM. The previous ques-
tion was demanded before the motion was made
to lay upon the table.
Mr. STANTON. It was called as soon as this
question was taken up.
The SPEAKER, Does the gentleman insist
upon his appeal?
Mr. LEAKE. I do not. It is not worthwhile.
The question then recurred on Mr. Hickman's
motion, to postpone until twelve o'clock on Mon-
day, of the 4th of March.
Mr. STANTON. Is that motion in order? I
understand that, after the previous question has
been demanded, a motion to lay upon the table is
in order; but I do not understand that a motion to
postpone is in order. I make the point that the
motion of the gentleman from Pennsylvania is not
in order, the previous question having been de-
manded.
The SPEAKER The Chair sustains the point
of order, and rules the motion to postpone out of
order.
The question then recurred on the passage of
the bill.
Mr. LOVE.TOY. I demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 92, nays 83; a.^follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Gieen Adams, Adrain, Aldrich,William
O. Anderson, Babbitt, Barr, Blair, Brayton, Biiggs, Bristovv,
Burch, Burlmgame, Burnham, Butterfield, Campbell,Car-
ter, Cas<$, Clemens, Coburn, John Cochrane, Colfax, Conk-
ling, Corwin, Covode, H. Winter Davis, John G. Davis,
Uulano, Dimmick, Dunn, Edwards, Ely, Ferry, Fouke,
French', Gurley, Hale, Ilall, J. Morrison Harris, Hatton,
Helnnek, Hoard, William Howard, William A. Howard,
Humphrey, Junlun, Fiaucis W. Keii<>™, William Kellogg,
Kenyon, Kilgore, Killinger, Lee, Lnngneeker, Loomis,
Maiston, Charles D. Maitm, McClernand, McKean, Mc-
Kenty. McKnight, McPherson, Millward, Moorhead, Mor-
rill, Edward Joy Morrn, Isasic N. Mouirf, Nixon, Olln,
Palmei, Perry, Petttt, Porter, Pottle, John II. Reynolds,
Rice, Rigg5*, Christopher Robinson, James C. Robinson,
Scranton, tickles, Spaulding, Spinner, Stanton, Stratton,
Thayer, Thnaker, Tompkm*, Tram/Trimble,Walton,Win-
dom, Wood, and Woodtufl— 92.
NAYS—Messis. Ashley, Avery, Barret, Beale, Bing-
ham, Blake, Bocock, Bolder, Bouhgny, Brabson, .Branch,
Brown, Butlinton, Burnett, Carey, Horace F. Clark, John
B. Clark, Conway, Bmton Craigc, Dawes, Duell, Edgerton,
Edminulson, Rliot, F.irn&worth, Fenton, Florence, Foster,
Frank. Garnett, Gilmer, Gooch, Grow, John T. Ilairis,
Hickman, Hmdman, Hughes, Hutclnns, Irvine, Jenkins,
Kunkcl, DeWiltC. Lcach, James M. Leach, Leake, Love-
joy, Maclay, Mallory, Klboi t S. Martin, Maynard, Millson,
Lalmn T Mooic. Nelson, Niblack, Noell, Pendleton, Pey-
ton, Phelps, Potter, Quarles, Reagan, Royce, Ruffin, Sedg-
wick, Simms. Somes, Stevens, Stevenson, Stokes,Tappan,
Thomas, Vallandigham. Vance, Van Wyck, Wade, Wal-
dton, Cadwalader C. Washburn, Ellihu B. Washbumc,
Wells, Whiteley, Wilson, Winslow, Woodson, and Wright
—83.
So the bill was passed.
During the vote,
Mr. PRYOR stated that he was paired with
Mr. Cox. lie would have voted in the negative,
while Mr. Cox would have voted in the affirmative.
Mr. DE JARNETTE stated that he was paired
with Mr. Holman. Pie would have voted in the
negative, while Mr. Holman would have voted
in the affirmative.
Mr. McKEAN said: I will vote—to remove
some of the hateful features of the fugitive slave
law now, and to repeal it when I have an oppor-
tunity—" ay." [Cries of " Order!"']
' Mi. EDWARDS said: On the ground that the
amendment is a step in the right direction, as it
improves the existing lav/ by provisions favor-
ble to the rights of persons who may be charged
with being fugitives, I vote "yea."
Mr. SMITH, of North Carolina, (not being
within the bar when his name was called,) asked
leave to vote.
Mr. MAYNARD and others objected.
Mr, SMITH, of North Carolina, said he would
have voted in the negative.
The vote was announced as above recorded.
Mr. CORWIN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
FUGITIVES FROM JUSTICE.
The next proposition reported from the select
committee of thirty-three was read by the Clerk,
as follows:
Amendment of the act for the rendition of fugitives from
justice.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United States of Jhnericain Congress assembled, That
every person charged,-by indictment or other satisfactory
evidence, in any State, with treason, felony, or other crime,
committed within the jurisdiction of such State, who shall
flee or shall have fled from justice and be found in another
State, shall, on the demand of the executive authority of
the State from which he fled upon the district judge of the
United States of the district in which he may be found, be
arrested and brought before such judge, who, on being sat-
isfied that he is the person charged, and that he was within
the jurisdiction of such State at the time such crime was
committed, of which such charge shall be prima facie evi-
dence, shall deliver hiin up to be removed to the State hav-
ing jurisdiction of the crime; and if any question of law
shall arise during such examination, it may be taken on
exceptions by writ of error to the circuit court.
Mr. CORWIN. Mr. Speaker, if it be the
pleasure of the House, I will make one or two
explanations of the change which the select com-
mittee of thirty-three proposes to make in the pres-
ent law for the rendition of fugitives from justice.
Most of the gentlemen in the House must be very
well aware that a great difficulty has arisen, and
bad feeling in consequence of it, on account of
the various constructions put upon the provision
of the Constitution which requires fugitives from
justice to be followed, arrested, and taken to the
State where the offense of which they stand ac-
cused was committed. The Constitution declares
that, in all cases of treason, felony, or other crime
committed in a State, the person may be followed
and, upon the requisition of the Governor of the
State where the crime is alleged to have been com-
mitted, be delivered up by the Governor of the
State to which the fugitive has gone. Now, in the
practice of the law under this provision, the Gov-
ernors of the respective States called upon to sur-
render the fugitive from justice have, some of
them, declared that, unless the crime charged, say
in Virginia, is also a crimc in Kentucky, they
will not surrender the man. The House must be
familiar with the cases which have been brought
to its notice during the present session. This is
one of the grievances, which is urged as one of
the causes of the unhappy difficulties between the
North and the South.
It is very evident, Mr. Speaker, that that con-
stitutional provision does require of Congress to
carry it out by its own enactments; and that it
does also require, if need be, that the Federal
judges, or some other Federal officers, should ex-
ecute it from the beginning to the end. Still, as
m the case of fugitive slaves, we have finally found
that a State judge would refuse to take jurisdic-
tion in the case of a fugitive slave, for there is no
power in the Government to compel him to act
in that case. It is the duty of the Federal Gov-
ernment, and no part of the duty of the State gov-
ernment.
Mr. WHITELEY. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him a question?
Mr. CORWIN. Certainly, sir.
Mr. WHITELEY. I would ask him how he
can reconcile the demand for a fugitive being made
upon the United States district judge with the
idea of State sovereignty? When our Constitu-
tion was made, power was given in section two,
article four, to the executive authority of a State
from which a person charged with treason,felony,
or other crime, who has escaped into another State,
to demand such fugitive. It is true, the Consti-
tution does not say upon whom the demand shall
be made. But does any one doubt, considering
the history and theory of our Government, that
the demand of" the executive authority" of one
State must be made upon the executive authority
of another? Who, in the conception of the framers
of the Constitution; who, in its true spirit, should
respond to the demand of a sovereign State? A
district judge, the creature of the President and
theGeneral Government? No, sir. For one, I can
never agree that any appointee of the General
Government, be he judge, commissioner, or any-
thing else, shall respond for the sovereignty of
Delaware; and I trust there is enough of the faith
of our fathers left here to force every one of us to
the same conclusion.
Mr. CORWIN. The Constitution does not
say that it shall be made upon the authority of
another State.
