1330
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
Ana that ia the point to which X wish to call his
attention. Is it not the spirit, if not the letter of
that article, that the demand of one State shall
be made upon another State ? How is it, in what
way is ff, that tile United States judge in the State
of Delaware represents the sovereignty of Dela-
ware !
Mr. MILLSON. I will answer the sugges-
tions of the gentleman from Delaware, as they
were presented. In the first place, I have never
said that the act of 1793 was unconstitutional.
Therefore, 1 am not under any necessity to answer
the arguments of the gentleman in support of its
constitutionality. I have said it imposed no ob-
ligation. To be sure it was constitutional, as the
old law in reference to the recapture of fugitive
sailors and maiiners is constitutional,although it
invokes the agency of State justices of the peace.
But, in that case, as in this, they act only minis-
terially; they act at their own will and discretion;
and if they do not choose to act, there is no means
of compelling them.
Now as to the gentleman's inquiry whether a
demand upon a judge of the United States is a
demand upon the State authority. The question
carries its own answer. A demand upon a Uni-
ted States judge is no demand upon the State au-
thority; and I will suggest that a demand upon a
United States judge for the surrender of afugitive
slave is not a demand upon the State authority.
And yet the gentleman from Delaware will see
that there is precisely the same necessity for ap-
plying to the State authority in the one case as m
the other, if the Constitution intends that no
demand shall be made upon the State or upon the
Governor, there would be the same necessity for
applying to a State as to a Governor, for the sur-
render of a fugitive from service as well as for a
fugitive from justice. For the gentleman will find
that the words used are the sa.me—" that he shall,
on demand of the executive authority of the State."
The demand on whom? The Constitution does
not say. The gentleman from Delaware says,
upon the State. Then 1 inform hint, if that be
so, the demand for fugitive slaves must also be
upon the Executive of a State, because the same
language is used—he " shall be delivered up on
claim of the party to whom such service or labor
is due." In one case, " on demand " he shall be
delivered up; in the other case, " on claim " lie
shall be delivered up; and the gentleman says that
means delivered up by the State. If so, then
both must be delivered up by the State.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I desire to
ask the gentleman a single question. I wish to
know how he understands tins bill; because I find
there is some difference of opinion. I desire to
know whether he understands that a man charged
with a crime in a particular State is allowed to
prove, before a judge, that he never was in that
State, before he is sentbacjt ? Now, this act con-
tains the language that—
" On the demand of the executive authority of the State
front wlm-h he fW'd upon the distiiet judge ot the United
States oi the <h -met m which he may ho found, be arretted
and hrouijht hetbiesueh judye, who, on being Satisfied thnt
he is die person charged, and that he e, as witlnn the juris-
diction of such State at the time such ennie commit-
ted, of wllieh Mich charge shall be pi ima fane evidence,
shall deliver lum up," Ste.
Now, suppose a man in Missouri gets a man in
Kansas indicted for a crime committed in Mis-
souri, and he could prove by one hundred wit-
nesses that he was not, and had never been, in
the State of Missouri; or suppose the converse of
that, and a man in Kansas charges a man in the
State of Missouri for a crime committed in Mis-
souri, and he could prove by one hundred wit-
nesses that he never was out of the State of Mis-
souri: whether the charge itself would not author-
ize a judge to give him up, notwithstanding the
facts of the case ?
Mr, MILLION. The gentleman must be aware
that he has introduced anew subject of discus-
sion, which no gentleman has adverted to. 1 do
not rise tor the purpose of discussingany provis-
ions of the bill except that making the change
from the old law to the present. As to the con-
struction to be given to this bill, I do not intend to
enter upon that discussion; because the difficul-
ties, whatever they may be upon that subject, are (
equally applicable to the old law and to the pres- ;
ent bill', to the one case as to the other. I rose !
only to discuss the point of difference between the !
two laws.
Mr. BRABSON. I desire to ask the gentleman
one simple question. Does my friend from Vir-
ginia understand this provision in this way: if I
go to the city of Boston with my slaves, and after-
wards leave there with my servants, and an in-
dictment is found against me in the State of Mas-
sachusetts for kidnapping, may the Federal court
of Tennessee be required to surrender .me to the
authorities of the State of Massachusetts ?
}Nlr. MILLSON. If the gentleman supposes
that I am here to moot all questions that may be
raised under the operations of this bill, I can only
say that I have undertaken no such task. I only
rose for a particular purpose, and that was, to
show the reasons why the co.mmittee recom-
mended this amendment to the old law, transfer-
ring the execution of the law from the Governor
to the courts.
I will say, however, in reply to the gentleman
from Tennessee, that I apprehend his objection
leads to no difficulty; for, whether it is the Gov-
ernor or the court that is to deliver him up, if he
commits an offense in the State of New York,
the same principles will govern.
Mr. GOOCH. I desire to put a question to the
gentleman from Virginia, suggested by his con-
stitutional argument.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. I object to inter-
ruptions.
Mr. BRANCH. I insist on my objection. I
desire to have the matter discussed in the regular
way; and I object to any further interruptions.
Mr. GOOCH. I only want to put a question
in connection with the constitutional argument
which the gentleman was making.
Mr. BRANCH. I hope the gentleman from
Massachusetts will have an opportunity to make
his inquiry after the gentleman from Virginia shall
have yielded the floor; but until he does so, I must
object to further interruptions, and hope the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts will not persist.
Mr. MILLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rose only to
explain the reasons which induced me to concur
in the report of this bill, and for no other purpose.
I did not design to go into any extended remarks,
or any general discussion of the operations of the
bill in any other particular. But when I ascer-
tained, on the examination of this whole question,
that the surrender of fugitives from justice was,
under the present law, a mere matter of courtesy
and discretion on the part of the Governors of
States, 1 thought it was too important a subject
to be left longer in the condition in which it has
so long remained. We have already had a great
many inter-State controversies in regard to the
refusal of Governors to surrender fugitives from
justice. I want to prevent them. I want to make
it the duty of some officer responsible to Congress
to execute this provision of the Constitution, and
to trust its execution no longer to the Governors
of States, whose duties we somewhat arrogantly
undertake to define, and then leave it to their own
discretion as to whether they will execute the law
or not.
And, now, in compliance with my promise to
the gentleman from Ohio 
Mr. HICKMAN. I trust the gentleman from
Virginia will not call the previous question till
something is heard in opposition.
Mr. GOOCH. I wish to ask the gentleman's
attention to this articlo of the Constitution.
Mr. LOVEJOY. If there is not he discussion,
I insist on the previous question.
Mr. GOOCH. In section one, I find this:
" Full faith and crcdit shall bo given in each State to tin1
public acts, records, and otticial proceedings of every other
State. And the Congress may, by geneial laws, proscribe
the manner in which Mich act*, records, and proceedings
shall be ptoved, and the effect thereof.55
Now, I ask the gentleman from Virginia why
it was necessary in this case to provide that Con-
gress should have power to legislate, and why it
was not provided in the other case?
Mr. mILLSON. I really do not see the perti-
nency of the gentleman's inquiry. Does the gen-
tleman mean to deny the proposition that if power
is given to the Federal Government it is to exe-
cute it? Unless he means to deny that, there is
no pertinency in the gentleman's illustration.
Mr. GOOCH. My point is this—I see the gen-
tleman does not understand it: section one of the
Constitution says, "full faith and credit shall be
given in eaeh State to the public acts, records,
and official proceedings of every other State." I
take it, that if it stopped there, according to the
gentleman's theory, Congress would have fall
power to legislate m regard to the matter. But if
that is so, why is it that power is expressly con-
ferred upon Congress ?
Mr. MILLSON. If there is any relevancy in
the gentleman's inquiry he may learn at least
from some of Mr. Madison's commentaries on
the Constitution, that even in a woi& so perfect
as the Constitution of the United States there
were a great many pleonasms and much tautol-
ogy; and I suppose that I could, in a moment,
point to half a dozen such cases. I do say, that
if authoKty be given to Congress to do anything,
it may use means necessary and proper for doing
it; or if there be anything provided for, as a mat-
ter of Federal faith, the Government of the United
States may provide that that faith shall be kept.
Mr. GOOCH. Then, do I understand the gen-
tleman from Virginia to say that the second sec-
tion 
Mr. BRANCH. I must object to this discus-
sion proceeding any further. I should he glad to
have the discussion thrown open, but .1 must ob-
ject to this mode of proceeding.
Mr. MILLSON. I find there are gentlemen
who, not content with attempting to illustrate their
objections to an argument, insist sometimes on the
discussion of all the difficulties which they sup-
pose to be involved in the illustration itself. "Now,
as I have not undertaken even to discuss all the
phases of the bill at present before the House, gen-
tlemen will pardon me if I do not undertake to dis-
cuss a great many questions connected with the
illustration of other branches of the Constitution,
not bearing on the question. I demand the pre-
vious question.
Mr. STEVENSON. I should like to ask the
gentleman a single question, to see whether I un-
derstand him.
Mr. LOVEJOY and others objected.
Mr. HICKMAN. I trust the gentleman from
Virginia will withdraw the demand for the pre-
vious question for a few moments. I shall not
consume five minutes'time; and I will then renew
the call for the previous question.
Mr. MILLSON. The floor was ceded to me
on consideration that I should demand the pre-
vious question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
mam question ordered; and, under its operation,
the bill was ordered to be engrossed and read the
third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time.
Mr.CORWIN demanded the previous question
on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania, demanded
the yeas and nays on„the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 48, nays 125; as follows:
YEArf'-Alesbrs.. Gieen Adams, Adrain, William C. An-
derson, Barr, Banet, Bonligny, Brabson. Briggs, Bristmv,
Butch, John B. Clatk, Clemens. John Cochrane, Corwin,
Cox, li. Winter Davis, John G. Davis, Ethei idge, Fouke,
Gilmer, Hamilton, J. Morrison Han John 'J'. Harris, Ilat-
ton, Ilolman, William Ilowaid, Hughes, Larrabee, James
M. Leach, Lojjan, Alalloiy, Chariest). Martin, Maynaid,
MeClernand, MeKenty, Million, Laban T. Moore, Moor-
head, Nelson, Nixon, Phelps, Riggs, James C. Robinson,
Scianton, Sickles, Stokes, Webster, and Wood—48.
NAYS—Messi . Charles F. Adams, Alley, Ashley,
Avciy, Babbitt, Beale. Bingham, Blair, Blake, Bocock,
Boteler, Branch, Brayton, Bsown, Butfinton, Burhngame,
Burnett, Burnham, Butterfield, Campbell, Carey, Caiter,
Case, Horace F. Clark, Uoburn, Colfax, Conkiing, Con-
way, Covode, Bui ton Craige, Dawes, Do Jaruelte, Delano,
Duell, Dunn, Edgerton, Edwards, Eliot, Ely, Farnsworth,
Fenton, Ferry, Florence, Foster, Frank, French, Garnett.
Gooch, Giaham, Giow, Hale, Hall, Ilehmck, Hickman,
Hit lman,Hoaid,William A. Howard, Humphrey, Hutch-
ins, 11 vine, Jenkins. Francis W. Kellogg, Ken von, Kilgore,
Knnkel, Leake, Longnecker, Loomis, Lovefoy, Marion,
Elbeit S. Maitm, McKean, McKnight, Mcpherson, Mor-
rill, Edward Joy Moms, Uaac N. Morris, Moir-c, Pahner,
Pendleton, Peyton, Potter, Potter, Pottle, Pijor, Quailes,
Edwin R. Reynold*, John II. lle> nolds-, Christopher Rob-
inson, Royce, Ruffin, Sedgwick, Sherman, Siinms, Wil-
liam N. fl. Smith, tfomes, Spinner, Stanton, Stevens, Ste-
venson, James A. Stewait, William Stewait, Stratum,
Tappan, Theakcr, Thomas, Tompkins, Tram, Trimulo,
\ aliawhgham, Vance, Vandever, Van Wyck, Wade, Wal-
dron, Walton, Cadwaiader C. Washburn, Elhhu B. Wash-
buine, Wells, Wimeley, Wilson, Windom, Winslow,
Woodruflf. and Wood'.on—125.
So the bill was rejected.
During the vote,
Mr. ALDRICH stated that, for the first time,
he had paired with Mr. Niblack.
