372
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 14,
Republican party of the Worth; and the other, the
pro-slavery disunion party of the South, which,
respectively, have seized the control of their par-
ticular sections, and are now grinding the Union
into powder.
■'Tlio one seeui'd woman to the wai-t, and fair,
But ended foul in many a soaly told,
Voluminous and vast.'-"
This was the parent; and the other:
" Black it stood as night,
Fierce as ten furies, terrible as UeJI.
And shook a dreadful dart.'*
This was the hideous offspring of the fraudful
parent.
And thus I am brought to the consideration of
the last ground of complaint—the election of
Abraham Lincoln. And who, let me inquire, is
responsible for his election? Surely, not the reg-
ular national Democracy, who were antagonized
by the Republican party on the one side, and by
the disunionists on the other. That party faith-
fully and fearlessly resisted Mr. Lincoln'  election
to the last. Occupying a middle ground, they
counseled reason, moderation, and forbearance;
but amid the storm of excitement that prevailed,
their counsels were unheeded. Their brethren of
the South seceded from the Democratic conven-
tion, set up a new party test, bolted the regular
D emocratic nomination, and dividing its forces,
by consequence betrayed its success .The respons
ibility, therefore, be upon others, not upon us.
" Thou cans't not say, I did it; never shake
Thy gory locks at me."
Such'being the primary and secondary cause,
and such the disastrous result, we say now, to
the Republicans, abjure your fanatical and pre-
scriptive dogmas; and to the disunionists, or rather
to our conservative brethren of the South of all
parties, we say—to them we say, stay disunion—
stay that fatal movement, at least until the people
of the North, in their sober second thought, have
had time to come to the rescue.
Let us all—let all conservative men of all par-
ties and of all sections, from the Atlantic to the
Pacific, from the Gulf of Mexico to the far lakes—
rally in favor of the integrity of the Constitution
and the Union. Let them merge the partisan in
the patriot, and, coming up to the altar of their
country, generously sacrifice every angry feeling
and ambitious aim for the welfare and glory of
that country. Let no man, whether he be Dem-
ocrat, Republican, or American, refuse to yield
something of his opinions and prepossessions
in deference to others, and the higher claims of
Eatriotism. All government, all authority, all
uman life, is a compromise. Christianity itself
is a compromise between justice and mercy—be-
tween disobedience and its predoomed punish-
ment. Let us, therefore, in a spirit of conciliation
and concession, compromise our existing differ-
ences upon just and equitable terms; let us all do
this for the good of all. Our fathers set us such an
example in the formation of the Federal Consti-
tution; and why cannot we follow it as the con-
dition of preserving and perpetuating that sacred
instrument? To do so would be no discredit or
disparagement to any one, but an honor to all.
The people, posterity, and future history, in the
name of freedom and humanity, call for it.
Personally, I would prefer compromise upon
the basis of non-intervention by Congress with
slavery in the States, in the Territories, and in
the District of Columbia. My own choice would
be, to leave the people of the States and Territo-
ries each to decide for themselves whether they
would or would not have slavery, and what
should be the character of their other local insti-
tutions. This would be my choice; butifsucha
settlement is unacceptable to the majority, then I
am willing to forego my strong objections to ageo-
graphical line, and adopt the plan of adjustment
recommended by a committee of the members
from the border States, which is familiar to the
members of the House, and which, as the peace-
offering of conservative men, would no doubt
meet the approbation of the great mass of the
people; a plan which I understand my distin-
guished friend from Arkansas [Mr. Rust] is pre-
pared to bring before the House on the first op-
portunity.
Mr. COX. Mr. Chairman, I speak from and
for the capital of the greatest of the States of the
great West. That potential section is beginning
to be appalled at the ^olossal strides ef revolu-
tion. It has immense interests at stake in this
Union, as well from its position as its power and
patriotism. We have had infidelity to the Union
before; but never in such a fearful shape. We
had it in the East during the late war with Eng-
land. Even so late as the admission of Texas,
Massachusetts resolved herself out of the Union.
That resolution has never been repealed; and one
would infer, from much of her conduct, that she
did not regard herself as bound by our covenant.
Since 1856, in the North, we have had infidelity
to the Union, more by insidious infractions of the
Constitution, than by open rebellion. Now, sir,
as a consequence, in part, of these very infractions,
we have rebellion itself, open and daring, in ter-
rific proportions, with dangers so formidable as
to seem almost remediless.
From the time I took my seat this session, I
have acted and voted 111 every way to remove the
causes of discontent and to stop the progress of
revolution. At the threshhold, I voted to raise the
committee from each State; and 1 voted against ex-
cusing the members who sought to withdraw from
it, because I believed then,thatsuch aeommittee,
patriotically constituted, as I believe it was, had
in it much of hope and safety; and because, to ex-
cuse members from service on it, upon the ground
of secession, was to recognize the heresy. I am
ready to vote now for any salutary measure
which will bring peace and preserve the Union.
Herodotus relates that when Mardonius was en-
camped in Beeotia, before the battle of Plataea, he
and fifty of his officers were invited to meet the
same number of Thebans at a banquet, at which
they reclined in pairs, a Persian and a Theban
upon each couch. During the entertainment one
of the Persians, with many tears, predicted to his
Theban companion the speedy and utter destruc-
tion of the invading army, and when asked why
he used no influence with Mardonius to avert it,
he answered:
" When one would give faithful counsel, nobody is will-
in.'; to believe innl. Although many of u - Persians are
await; of the end we are coaling to, we still go on. because
we are bound to our destiny; and this is tile very bitterest
of a man's grids, to see clearly, but to have no power to do
anything at all"'
I believe, sir, that the events now transpiring
are big with disaster to my country. I have done
my humble part for years to prevent them; but 1
do not see now that any effort 011 my part can
avail; and this is the bitterest of a man's grief It
is in such a peril as this that the heart spontane-
ously prays for a nearer communication with a
divine prescience. We long for some direction
from a superior power, in whose great mind the
end is seen from the beginning. At least, one
might wish for some magic mirror of Merlin, in
which to see the foes of our country approach, so
as rightly to guard against them.
Four States have, 111 so far as they could, by
their own act, separated from our Federal Union.
-This is one of the stern facts which this Congress
has to encounter. The Government is passing
through one of those historic epochs incident to
all nationalities. Our prosperity has made us
proud, rich, intolerant, and self-sufficient; and
therefore prone to be rebellious. We have waxed
fat—are doing well, " tempestuously well." As-
cending to the height of a national glory, through
a national unity, we are in danger of falling by
our own dizziness. We are called upon to break
down and thrust aside the very means of our
ascent—the Constitution itself!
In such a time, the bitter crimination and vain
threats and insults of partv and of sections are
out of place. They should not turn the people
of the North from doing their whole duty to the
South; nor the South from a more deliberate re-
view of its past, and a more prudential view of
its perilous future. No man has the right to say
or do auglit that will further exasperate the pub-
lic sentiment of the South. No good man in the
North can oppose any measure of honorable re-
cession from wrong'. I cannot speak of South
Carolina in the tone and temper of some. She
has been a part of our national hfe. Her blood
is in ourveins; her Marions, Sumters, and Pinck-
ncys are ours. Eutaw, Cowpens, and Camden;
are they not a part of that glory, which no more
can be separated from the Union than the dawn
from the sun? Whatever may be our indignation
against her, or our duty to ourselves, let us re-
member that public sentiment is not to be reached
by threat or denunciation. Our Government de-
pends for its execution on public sentiment. To
that sentiment alone, m its calmer mood, are
we to look for a restoration of a better feeling.
When that feeling comes, it will be hailed like the
sea-bird which visited the sea-tossed caraval of
Columbus—as the harbinger of a firm-set footing-
beyond!
Other facts of a similar perilous character will
soon transpire. Georgia, Texas, and Louisiana,
will assuredly follow the erratic course of South
Carolina. This fact must soon be encountered.
South Carolina has been singing her Marseillaise,
and the waves of the Gulf make accordant music
in the revolutionary ^nthem. It but echoes the
abolition of the North and West; for scarcely
had the song died away on the shores of Lake
Erie, before South Carolina took it up with a
wilder chorus! Extremes thus meet. Extremes
north have aided, if not conspired, with extremes
south, in the work of disintegration.
That work will go on. I know'that we are
very slow to believe in any sign of dissolution.
We have faith in our luck. Wo have trust in a
certain inventive faculty, which has never yet
failed us, either in mechanical or political expe-
dients. Our politics are plastic to emergencies.
Still I must warn the people of Ohio that it is the
well-grounded fear, almost the foregone conclu-
sion of the patriotic statesmen here, that the work
of breaking up will go on, until the entire South
shall be arrayed against the entire North.
In view of these facts, I will discuss these
propositions:
1. That secession is not a right in any possi-
ble relation in which it can  e viewed; to tolerate
it in theory or practice, is moral treason to patri-
otism and good government.
2. That while it may not involve such direful
consequences as other revolutions, still it is rev-
lution.
3. That every effort of conciliation should be
exhausted to check it, before force is applied."
4. That if the North does not do her part fully
in recession from aggression, it will be impossi-
ble to unite the northern people, or any portion
of the southern people, in repressing secession.
5. That if the South will make a patient en-
deavor, equal to the great occasion, to secure her
rights in the Union, I believe that she will suc-
ceed; and if she is then repulsed, it will be impos-
sible for her to receive any detriment from the
North; but she will depart in peace.
6. If she go inconsiderately, as some States
tire going, the country may incur the fearful
hazard of war.
7. If the South press the one hard overmaster-
ing question upon the North, and follow it up
with seizure of forts and revenue, cannonading of
our vessels and other aggressive acts, without
giving an opportunity for conciliation, there will
be no power m the conservatism of the North to
restrain the people. No sacrifice will be consid-
ered too great to make in the protection and defense
of the Union.
8. That, in the present state of facts, so long as
the revenues can be collected on land or sea, and
the forts and harbors can be commanded by the
Federal Government, that Government must be,
as to these matters, the Government de facto, as
well as de jure; and that so long as this status can
be maintained by the Executive, it should be done
by all the legal forces of the Government.
9. Only when revolution becomes so formi-
dable as to be irresistible, would it be proper to
inquire whether coercion would not be both sui-
cidal to the Union and criminal to mankind.
(! Jl I would not exaggerate thefearful consequences
™f dissolution. It is the breaking up of a feder-
ative Union; but it is not like the breaking up of
society. It is not anarchy. A link may fall from
the chain, and the link may still be perfect, though
the chain have lost its length and its strength.
In the uniformity of commercial regulations, in
matters of war and peace, postal arrangements,
foreign relations, coinage, copy-rights, tariff, and
other Federal and national affairs, this great Gov-
ernment may be broken; but m most of the es-
sential liberties and rights which Government is
the agent to establish and protect, the seceding
State has 110 revolution, and the remaining States
can have none. This arises from that refinement
of our polity which makes the States the basis of
our instituted order. Greece was broken by the
Persian power; but her municipal institutions re-
