1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1333
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Hickman,]
and could not be entertained. The motion now
submitted is, that the special order be postponed
until the motion to suspend the rules is disposed
of.
Mr. GROW. Has the gentleman from Illinois
been recognized to make the motion to postpone?
The SPEAKER He has; and it is the motion
now in order.
Mr. LOGAN. I demand the yeas and nays on
the motion to postpone.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The special order was then postponed.
Mr. McCLERNAND. 1 now move to sus-
pend the rules of the House, for the purpose of
receiving the memorial of the peace congress
which assembled lately in this city.
Mr. GROW. To be received ? What for?
Mr. McCLERNAND. For reference, I sup-
pose.
Mr. BURNETT. No; but to get it in, and put
it upon its passage.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understood the
proposition to he, that the rules should be sus-
pended. in order that the paper should be received
for reference.
Mr. McCLERNAND. I withdraw that part
of the proposition.
Mr. SICKLES. If it be received, it is then in
the power of the House to do with it what it
pleases.
Mr. GROW. The understanding was that the
motion should be made for the suspension of the
rules only to receive the proposition.
Mr. SICKLES. That is all right. When the
paper gets in, the House can do with it what it
may deem fit.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SHERMAN . Is it proposed to act on the
memorial of the peace congress ?
Mr. SICKLES If it comes before the House,
it will be for us to say what disposition shall be
made of it. [Cries of " Call the roll!'']
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. This mo-
tion is merely for the suspension of the rules to
receive the proposition, and this, therefore, may
be considered a test vote. [Cries of " Call the
roll!"]
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 93, nays 67; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Charles F. Adams, Green Adams, Ad-
rain, Aldiieh, William O. Anderson. Avery, Bair, Barret,
Bocoek, Boteler, Brabson, Branch, Brig??, liristow,
Brown, Bureh, Burnett, Campbell, Horace F. Claik, John
B. Claik, John Cochrane, Corwin, James Craig, John G.
Davis, De Jarnette, Dunn, Etheridce, Florence, Foster,
Fouke, Gamett, Gilmer, Hale, Ilail, Hamilton, J. Morrison
Harris, John T. Harris, Ilaskin. llatton, Hoard, llolman,
William Howard, Hughes, Jenkins, Junkin. William Kel-
logg, ICilhnger, Kunkel, Larrahee, James M. I.each, Leake,
Logan, Maclay, Malloiy, Charles D. Martin, Maynard,
MeClernand, McKenty, Mclvnigllt, Mcpherson, Millson,
Rill I ward, Laban T. Moore, Moorhead, Edward Joy M on is,
Nelson, Niblaek, Nixon, Olin, Pendleton, Peyton, Phelps,
Porter, Pryor, Unaries, John fl. Reynolds, Itice, Riggs,
James C. Robinson, Sickles, Siinms, Wiiiiam N. H. Smith,
Spauldmg, Stevenson, William Stewart, Stokes, Thomas,
Vance, Wcbstei, Whiteley, Winslow, Woodson, and
Wiight—93.
NAYS—Messrs. Alley, Ashley, Bingham, Blair, Bray-
ton, Buffinton, Burlingame, i'uinhani, Carey, Ca-e, Co-
burn, Colfax, Conway, liurton Craige, Dawes, Delano,
DuelL Edgei ton, Eliot, Ely, Fenton, Ferry, Frank, Gooch,
Graham, Grow, Guiley, Ileimick, Hickman, Hmdman,
William A. Howard, Iiutcliins, Irvine, Francis W. Kellogg,
Keriyon, Loomis, Lovejoy, McKcan, Morrill, Morse,
Palinoi, Perry. Potter. Pottle, Christopher Robinson, ltoyce,
Rulfin, Sedgwick, Sherman, Romes, Spinner, Stanton,
Stevens, Tappan,Tompkins,Tram, Vandever, Van Wyek,
Wade, Waldron, Walton, Cadwalader C. Washburn, El-
lilm B. WashburnCi Wells, Wilson, Windom, and Wood-
ruff—67.
So (two thirds not voting in favor thereof) the
rules were not suspended.
During the vote,
Mr. WOODSON said: I rise for information.
What are we voting on ? [Cries of " Order!"] I
cannot for my life imagine how this can be re-
garded as a test vote. I will vote to receive the
piopositton of the peace conference; but on its
passage, I will vote against it.
The SPEAKER. The motion is, to suspend
the rules for the reception of the memorial.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. I under-
stood the gentleman from Illinois to state that this
was a test vote.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot undertake
to decide whether it is a test vote or not.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE stated that his col-
leagues, Mr. Clark B. Cochrane and Mr. Lee,
were paired.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. I would
have no objection, Mr. Speaker, to permit this
resolution to come before the House, but I under-
stood the gentleman from Illinois to proclaim that
this was a test vote. Utterly opposed toanysuch
wishy-washy settlement of our national difficul-
ties, I vote " no."
Mr. CURTIS stated that he was paired with
Mr. Anderson, of Missouri.
Mr. POSTER. While I am willing to vote for
the reception of the memorial of the"peace con-
gress, of which I was a member, still I am un-
willing to be considered as favoring their propo-
sition. Is this vote a test vote on that proposition ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not think
that it is; buteach gentleman will decide for him-
self.
Mr. HALE. I am willing to receive this me-
morial in courtesy to the peace conference; and
not regarding this as a test vote, I vote " ay."
Mr. LEACH, of Michigan, stated that he had
paired with Mr. English, or he would have voted
in the Negative.
Mr.LEAKE (when his name was called) stated
that he regarded this thing as a miserable abor-
tion, forcibly reminding one of the old fable of the
mountain and the mouse; nevertheless, he was
willing to let the mouse in, in order to have the
pleasure of killing it.
Mr. RUFPIN. As it is announced that this is
a test vote, I am compelled to vote " no." Other-
wise, I would have been willing to let the matter
be brought before the House for its consideration.
Mr. JENKINS. Who can make this a test
vote? Certainly no man in this House. This is
a vote to receive the memorial, and nothing more.
Mr. WILSON stated that Mr. Vallandigham
was paired with Mr. Beale.
Mr. JUNKIN stated that his colleague, Mr.
Montgomery, was detained at home by illness.
Mr. NIXON stated that his colleague, Mr.
Stratton, was detained at his room by illness,
and that if he were present, he would vote to re-
ceive the memorial of the peace conference.
Mr. ELY stated that his colleague, Mr. Lee,
was detained at his room by indisposition.
Mr. PENDLETON stated that his colleague
was detained at his room by indisposition.
Mr. CAMPBELL stated that his colleague, Mr.
Scranton, was absent from the Hall because of
illness.
Mr. POTTER. As this is a test vote, I vote
" no."
Mr. BRAYTON. I understand this to be a
test vote, and therefore vote " no."
Mr. HOARD. These papers are not before us.
They are not printed, and we cannot be supposed
to know anything of them; and I would ask,
therefore, how they can be regarded as a test
vote? I vote "ay."
Mr. BOCOCK. Mr. Speaker, out of deference
to the peace conference, called as it was by my
State, I vote to receive this report. But unless
the report, as it appears in the papers, can be
amended, it cannot receive my approval.
Mr. SHERMAN. I vote against this, simply
because we have no time to consider it.
Mr. HINDMAN. I vote against suspending
the rules, because I desire to defeat the proposi-
tion of the peace conference, believing it to be un-
worthy of the vote of any southern man.
Mr. COX (not being within the bar when his
name was called) asked leave to vote.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, objected.
Mr. GARNETT. Mr. Speaker, intending and
desiring to express my abhorrence of these in-
sidious propositions, conceived in fraud and born
of cowardice, by giving a direct vote against them,
yet from respect for the conference which re-
ported them, I am willing to receive them, and
therefore now vote " ay."
Mr. HARRIS, of Virginia. I vote " ay," be-
cause I am in favor of the resolutions as a peace
measure.
Mr. MAYNARD. Believing these proposi-
tions eminently wise and just, I will let my vote
stand in the affirmative.
Mr. BURNETT. I hope the Chair will en-
force the rules.
The SPEAKER. I am trying to, all I can;
and I hope gentlemen will keep their seats and
preserve order.
Mr. DE JARNETTE. I vote " ay," with the
hope of having an opportunity to vote against the
propositions of the peace conference.
Mr. BOTELER. I vote "ay,"to introduce
these propositions, because I believe it to be my
duty to do everything, consistent with honor, to
preserve the peace and to save the Union of my
country.
Mr. COX. I desire to ask a question of the
Chair.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will hear you.
Mr. COX. I desire to know whether or not it
will be in order to move to suspend the rules to
enable me to have my vote recorded ?
The SPEAKER. No, sir.
Mr. COX. I would like very much to have it
recorded in favor of these peace propositions. I
vote " ay," if there is no objection.
Mr. HINDMAN. Consent is not given to the
gentleman from Ohio to have his vote recorded.
The SPEAKER. It is not received.
Mr. ROBINSON, of Rhode Island. Believing
that this is a test vote, I change my vote, and vote
" no."
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I wish to know
whether the vote of my colleague, Clark B.
Cochrane, is recorded.
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I think he has
retired from the House on account of sickness in
his family; and I believe he is laboring for the
Union in other quarters.
Mr. MILLSON. I desire to vote. •
Objection was made.
Mr. MILLSON. I am entitled to vote, having
been absent upon a committee of conference. I
vote " ay."
Mr. HINDMAN. Is the gentleman entitled
to vote under the rules of the House ?
Mr. BARR_. Objection comes too late.
The SPEAKER. It has been usual to allow
gentleman to vote under such circumstances.
Mr. HICKMAN. Do the rules allow him to
vote ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair supposes that is
the rule of the House.
Mr. HINDMAN. I ask to have the rule
read.
Mr. MILLSON. No rule of the House could
take away the right of a member to vote when he
is absent by order of the House. If the rules
d epri ved a member of the right to vote under such
circumstances, it would be void.
The result was announced as above recorded.
Mr. McCLERNAND. This vote divides the
Republican party, and sounds its death knell.
Mr. GROW. I now call for the reading of the
bill organizing the Territory of Nevada.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would state to
the gentleman from Pennsylvania that his col-
league [Mr. McKnigiit] rose to a question of
privilege.
WILLIAMSON VS. SICKLES.
Mr. McKNIGHT. I offer the following res-
olution from the Committee of Elections:
Resolved, That Amos J. Williamson,contesting the seat
of Hon. Daniel E. Sickles, be allowed $1,000, out of the con-
tingent fund, in payment of time and mileage.
Mr. BRIGGS. I move to amend by striking
out "§1,000" and inserting "$2,000." He is
entitled to one year's salary, because of the ability
with which he has contested the seat. I move the
previous question.
Mr. McKNIGHT. I have the floor, and I de-
sire to make a remark in reference to the report.
It will be recollected that, in this contested elec-
tion case for the seat held by Mr. Sickles, of New
York, Mr. Williamson came here last winter to
make a contest. The Committee of Elections
came to the conclusion that there was some ground
for the claim, and they permitted him to make a
contest. The House will remember that he did
not serve his notice of contest within the sixty
days required by law; that the House, upon a
resolution brought in by the Committee of Elec-
tions, gave him further time. But he failed to
establish any claim whatever for the seat to which
he laid claim. His allegation was, that owing to
his inability to find his witnesses, and for want
of process to compel them to testify when found,
he was unable to get his proofs. That, of course,
we know nothing about. He made claim before
the committee for the whole compensation of
