1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
873
maincd. Hungary has lost her national crown;
but her home institutions remain. South Car-
olina may preserve her constituted domestic au-
thority; but she must be content to glimmer
obscuivly remote; rather than shine and revolve in
a constellated band. She even goes out by the
ordinance of a so-called sovereign convention,
content to lose, by her isolation, that youthful,
vehement, exultant, px-ogressive life, which is our
nationality ! She foregoes the hopes, the boasts,
the flag, the music, all the emotions, alt the traits,
and all the energies, which, when combined in
our United States, have won our victories in war
and our miracles of national advancement. Her
Governor, Colonel Pickens, in his inaugural, re-
gretfully " looks back upon the inheritance South
Carolina had m the common glories and triumph-
ant power of this wonderful Confederacy, and
fails to find language to express the feelings of the
human heartas he turns from the contemplation."
The ties of brotherhood, interests, lineage, and
history, are all to be severed. No longer are we
to salute a South Carolinian with the " idem sen-
teniiam de republicawhich makes unity and
nationality. What a prestige and glory are here
dimmed and lost in the contaminated reason of
man !
Can we realize it? Is it a masquerade, to last
for a night, or u reality to be dealt with, with the
world's rough passionate handling? It is sad and
bad enough; but let us not overtax our anxieties
about it as yet. It is not the sanguinary regimen
of the French revolution; not the rule of assignats
and guillotine; not the cry of" Vivent les Rouges!
mort les gendarmes!" but as yet, I hope I may
say, the peaceful attempt to withdraw from the
burdens and benefits o£thc Republic. Thus it is
unlike every other revolution. Still it is revolu-
tion. It may, according as it is managed,involve
consequences more terrific than any revolution
since Government began.
lfthe Federal Government is to be maintained, its
strength must not be frittered away by conceding
the theory of secession. To concede secession as
a right, is to make its pathway one of roses, and
not of thorns. I would not make its pathway so
easy. If the Government has any strength for
its own preservation, the people demand it should
be put forth in its civil and moral forces. Deal-
ing, however, with a sensitive public sentiment,
in which this strength reposes, it must not be
rudely exercised. It should be the iron hand in
a glove of velvet. Firmness should be allied with
kindness. Power should assert its own prerog-
ative, but in the name of law and love. If these
elements are not thus blended in our policy, as
the Executive proposes, our Government will
prove either a garment of shreds or a coat of njaii.
We want neither.
Our forts have been seized; our property taken;
our flag torn down; our laws defied; our juris-
diction denied; and, that worst phase of revolu-
tion, our ship, sent under our flag to the relief of
a soldier doing his duty, fired upon and refused
an entrance at one of our own harbors. Would
that were all! The President informs us, in his
last message, that—
u In Stares which have not scceded, the fort*, .arsenal--,
and magazines of tlie United States have been seized. This
is by far tho most serious stop which has been taken since
the commencement of the troubles. This public property
has long been left without garri>ons and troop-, for it?, pro
tection, because no person doubted its security under the
flag of the country in all the States of the Union. Besides,
our small army has scarcely been sufficient to guard our
remote frontiers against the Indian incursions. The seiz-
ure of this, property, from all appearances, has been -purely
aggressive, and not in resistance to any attempt to coerce a
State or States to remain in the Union."
All that the President has done is defensive; all
that he has resisted has been aggression. He
proposes no aggression; nor would 1 favor it.
lie would maintain the laws and property; what
else can he dor
These facts have to be met—how ? By the con-
quest of all the people of a State ? By the dec-
laration and wager of war? I answer, by the
enforcement of thelawsand the protection of our
property in a constitutional manner. This is the
answer I have already voted in this House, in
voting for the resolution of the gentleman from
New Jersey. But is it asked, how will you en-
force the laws and keep forts and property, with-
out war? I will answer: first, repeal here eveiy
law making ports of entry at the recusant cities
or towns: and thus avoid as much trouble as pos-
sible. That is in our power. Second. Libel and
confiscate in admiralty every vessel which leaves
such ports without the Federal clearance. Third.
Collect the revenue and preserve the property,
and only use such foice as will maintain the de-
fensive. But again it is asked, is not this coercion
against a Government de facto, established by the
consent ofall the people ofaScate under an assumed
legal right? I answer, South Carolina is not de
facto the Government as to these Federal matters,
so long as the Federal Government can hold her
harbors, shut in her ships,and collect the revenue.
Who can deny that proposition?
But still it is asked, will not the use of force in
executing the laws, and preserving our property,
result in civil war? Is there any practical differ-
ence between the enforcement of law when re-
sisted by so large an aggressive power, and the
actual state of war? Here is the Sphinx of our
prcsentanomalous situation. I do not choose now
to say what I will do, in case accrtain result fol-
lows the performanceofpresentduty. It is enough
for me now to do the duty of the present. But
that judgment which makes no discrimination
between the enforcement of the laws and defense
of property, and the actual state of war, must be
palsied by undue fear of consequences. There
is nothing more plainlydistinguished in the books
and in experience, than the difference between the
civil authority and the war-making power. True,
the military arm may be invoked to aid the civil
authority, but it must be subordinate to it in many
most essential particulars. It is then the sword
of the magistrate, and not of the soldier. Says
Chief Justice Taney, in the Rhode Island case:
" Unquestionably, a State may use its military power to
put down an armed uisuneetiori too suongto be controlled
i v the civil authority. The power i;= essential to the exist-
ence o( every Government; e^entin.1 to the preservation
of oui'T and free institutions; and is as necessary to the
State* of this Union, a* to any other Government.—7 How-
ard, 45.
This Government has had insurrections, anil
has quelled them by the civil authority, with the
aid of the militia, and without martial law. The
Shay's rebellion and the western insurrection
were put down by the posse comilatus. The writ
of habeas corpus was not suspended by the United
States. But, even in extreme cases, where the
President may call out the militia to suppress
actual array and violence, without a law of Con-
gress authorizing it, the force was only to be used
with a view to cause the laws to be duly executed.
All arrests were made under civil authority.
Trials were had as in civil oases. In Pennsyl-
vania, in 1793, the expedition was not in its nature
belligerent; but it was to assist the marshal.
(7 Howard, 80 and 81.) Washington enjoined
strictly the subordination of the military to the
civil power, and went in person to see that his
orders were obeyed.
The very genius and structure of our Consti-
tution would forbid the making of war, in its
sense of aggression, against ally State of the Con-
federacy. But, unless the power to enforce reside
somewhere in the Government, it is virtually no
Governmental all. It wears a garment of shreds.
If the force is of that irresponsible kind called
war, the Government is then worse than a failure.
It then wears a coat of mail. But if it have the
force to maintain itself, and subordinate to itself
the military which it may use in its defense, then
it is a Government. It then wears the robe of
State!
The time does not yet call for threats of coer-
cion by martial or other means. It only calls for
defense from those who are aggressive. I would
reserve this power of coercion, as Prince Arthur
(lid his diamond shield. He ever kept it out of
sight, covered with a vail; and only uncovered it
to fight monsters and alien enemies.
I call this secession revolution. 1 will not in an
American Congress, with an oath on my con-
science to support the Constitution, argue the
right to secede. No such right can ever be had,
except by amendment of the Constitution, legal-
izing such secession. It is a solecism to speak
of the right of secession. It is revolution; and
the burden of proof is on him who begins it, to
show why he seeks the change. The combined
reason of tlie age has fixed in its maxims of
thought rules to govern th-: actions of men and
nations, which no one can overrule without great
criminality. These nil'.::; require first that revo-
lution must have no light and transient cause.
To overthrow ft despotism, the causes must be
of grave weight. J1 fortiori, what must be the
grievance to justify a revolt against a Government
so free as ours! Besides, there must be a reason-
able hope of a happy and successful termination.
Otherwise history, with her judicial prescript, will
ban those who begin it to an eternity of retribu-
tion.
There must be in every State some power to
which all others ,yield, competent to meet every
emergency. No nation can be consigned toanarchy
by some absurd contrivance, either in the shape
of personal liberty bills or secession ordinances.
In America, we have a national Constitution.
Under it, we have United States citizenship. To
it we owe and swear allegiance, it may be a com-
pact; but it is a government also. It may be a
league; but it has authority, "operative," as Mr.
Madison holds, "directly on the people." It may
reach States as States; but it does more: it reaches
the people of the States through its executive,
judicial and legislative departments. Ifitcannot
declare war against a State, it is because a State is
a part of itself, and not, quoad hoc, a foreign and
independentState "ItsConstitution is the supreme
law of the land; and though, as Chief Justice
Marshal says, (1 Wheaton, 304,) "the sovereign
powers vested in the State governments by their
respective constituencies remain unaltered and
unimpaired, yet they remain so, except so far as
they were granted to the Government of the United
States." I could cite Marshal, Jefferson, Madison,
Jackson, Story, Ducr, and Webster, almost every
student, expounder and executor of the Constitu-
tion, to show these conclusions to be irrefragable.
It is an absurdity to contend that States, which
voluntarily surrendered such portionsof their sov-
ereignties as were requisite for a national Govern-
ment, can be the equal in power of that national
Government. In the name ofthe people, the Consti-
tution asserts its own supremacy and that of the
laws made in pursuance thereof. It is supreme,
by the consent of South Carolina herself, " over
the constitution and laws of the several States."
Let South Carolina, then, attempt, as she has done
by her ordinance, to annul her connection with this
national system; does she not usurp a power of
the General Government? Does she not infringe
on the rights of Ohio? Is it not a plain violation
of the permanent obligation she is u der as one of
its members ? Nay, she not only breaks her oath
of fealty to the United States Constitution, but
she breaks her oath to herown constitution,'which
requires that oath.
Am I referred by members of my own party to
our platform and principles indorsing the Ken-
tucky and Virginia resolutions? Am I told that
the sacred principles of State rights declared by
Jefferson and Madison, as a cheek against the
usurpations ofaconsolidated Federal Power, allow
that each State may so judge of the infraction of
the Constitution, and the means and measures of
redress, that it may go out of the Union ? These
Virginia and Kentucky resolutions are misin-
terpreted. Judge Marshal, however federal his
views, in a letter to Judge Story of July 31,1833,
(Story's Life and Letters, p. 135,) is an honest
witness to this misinterpretation. He says:
" The word < State rights,' as expounded by the resolu-
tions o! 1798 and tlie report of 1799, construed by our Legis-
lature, has a eliarm asain-t which all reasoning is vain.
Those resolution* and that report constitute the creed of
every politician who hopes to rise in Virginia; and to ques-
tion them, or even to adopt the construction given by their
author, is deemed political sacrilege."
This Government was intended to be perpetual.
It was adopted in toto, and forever. Says Mr.
Madison:
" The idea of reserving the ri^ht to withdraw was started,
considered, and abandoned ; worse than rejected."
Judge Marshal says:
" The instrument was not intended to provide merely for
the exigencies of a tew years, hut was to endure through
a long lapse of a?es, the events of which were locked up
in the inscrutable decrees of Providence."
It was, therefore, piovidod with means for its
own amendment. By the Legislatures of three
fourths of the States, there is a means of amend-
ment; and in that way alone can a State with-
draw. Nullification and secession,said Mr. Mad-
ison, are twin heresies, and should be buried in
the same grave. Well said General Jackson, that
secession did not break a league, but it destroyed
the unity of a nation; hence, he argued that it is
an offense against the whole Union. To say that
