1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1385
Mr. SIMMS demanded the yeas and nays on
the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The bill was passed.
Mr. GROW moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
GEOLOGICAL SURVEYS.
Mr. GROW. I now call up Senate bill No.
149, in relation to geological surveys in Washing-
ton and Oregon, in order to have it considered and
put upon its passage.
The bill was taken up; the question being on its
third reading.
The bill appropriates for defraying the ex-
penses of a geological reconnoissance and explor-
ations ill Oregon and Washington Territories,
over and above the appropriations of March 3,
1853, and 1855, as per accounts audited and ad-
justed, $3,574 70, and for expenses incurred in
the analysis of eighty-eight specimens of soils,
coals, and ores, and the preparation of the final
report for publication, $6,984 50.
The bill was read the third time, and passed.
Mr. GROW moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
SUSPENSION OF JOINT RULES.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask to take up the Senate
resolution, suspending the 16th and 17th joint
rules for the remainder of the present session.
There being no objection, the resolution was
taken up, and concurred in.
MILITARY ROAD IN NEW MEXICO.
Mr. GROW. The regular order of business
now is the call of the Committee on Territories
for reports on territorial business. I then propose
to move to go into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, to take up and dispose
of that business.
Mr. OTERO. I want to ask permission of the
House to take up a bill providing for the comple-
tion of the military roads from Fort Union to
Santa Fe, and from Taos to Santa Fe, New Mex-
ico. This bill has been lying' on the Speaker's
table for the last two months. It passed this
House last session, and the Senate sent it back
here this session with an amendment.
Mr. GROW. If that bill be taken up, I shall
move to lay it on the table, for the reason that we
have no money now to appropriate to building
roads in Territories.
Mr. BARR. There is a bill on the Speaker's
table in regard to titles to land in Iowa, which
has been amended in the Senate by changing one
word. I ask that it be taken up,and the amend-
ment agreed to.
Mr. OTERO. I call up the bill in relation to
military roads in New Mexico.
The bill was taken up; and the amendments of
the Senate read, as follows:
At the end of tlie bill add:
And for the completion of the military road from Taos to
Santa New Mexico, $50,000.
Amend the title, so as to make it rend :
Act to provide for the completion of militaiy roads from
Fort Union to Santa Fe, and from Taos to S:nta F6, New
Mexico.
Mr. OTERO. I move the previous question
on the amendments.
Mr. GROW. I move, to lay the amendments
on the table. The bill provides about one hun-
dred thousand dollars to be paid for building
roads.
Mr. OTERO. Not so much.
Mr. GROW. The amendment is for $50,000.
Mr. PHELPS. I hope the gentleman will
withdraw the motion to lay on the table, and let
us have a direct vote on concurring in the amend-
ments.
Mr. GROW. There is no money in the Treas-
ury to be appropriated to such a purpose as build-
ing roads in the Territories.
Mr. OTERO. I ask the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania whether he did not, a moment ago, call
up a bill containing an appropriation for geolog-
ical surveys in Oregon and Washington Terri-
tories; and whethertbe House has not justpassed
two other bills appropriating $20,000 each for the
organization of two Territories? And now he
comes here and objects to appropriations for New
Mexico that have "been agreed to by the House,
and recommended by the Senate. All I ask is
concurrence.
Mr. GROW. I would recommend no appro-
priation for building roads in the present state of
the Treasury.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Debate is not in
order.
Mr. EARR. There is a good deal of force in
the debate. [Laughter.]
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I object to
debate, and demand a vote.
Mr. BURCH called for tellers on the motion to
lay the amendments on the table.
Mr. GROW. I propose, if the gentleman be
satisfied, to have a non-concurrence with the Sen-
ate amendments. If so, I will withdraw the mo-
tion to lay on the table.
Mr. OTERO. 1 accept that proposition, and
am willing to have a committee of conference on
the disagreeing votes.
Mr. GROW. I withdraw the motion to lay
on the table.
Mr. OTERO. And I withdraw the demand for
the previous question.
The question was taken; and the Senate amend-
ments were non-concurred in. "
Mr. OTERO. I ask for the appointment of a
conference.
It was so ordered; and Messrs. Stanton,
Grow, and Hughes, were appointed managers
on the part of the House.
TERRITORIAL BUSINESS.
Mr. GROW. The business next in order is to
call the Territorial Committee for reports. Sev-
eral members of that committee have reports to
make to be referred to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union.
Mr. SHERMAN. I rise to a privileged mo-
tion. It is manifest that at this period of the ses-
sion we ought not to call committees for reports.
I therefore move to postpone the special order on
territorial business till next Tuesday.
The motion was agreed to.
POST OFFICE APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am directed by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means to report back the
Senate amendments to the Post Office appropri-
ation bill. I move that they be* referred to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
and made the special order for twelve o'clock
to-morrow in the House.
It was so ordered.
BILL TO RAISE VOLUNTEERS.
Mr. STANTON. I now mo^e to take up the
bill to raise volunteers. I desire to have the yeas
and nays ordered upon its passage; and then I
am willing that the House shall adjourn.
Mr. SICKLES. Is that in order, without unan-
imous consent? If not, I object.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move that
the House do now adjourn.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair is not
aware that there is any other matter pending. If
not, the motion is in order.
Mr. HUGHES. What becomes of the Pacific
railroad ?
Mr. SICKLES. What is the regular order of
business ?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The call of com-
mittees for reports. The mormng hour now com-
mences. [Laughter.]
Mr. BINGHAM. I call for the regular order
of business.
Mr. STANTON. Do I understand the Chair
to decide that it is in order to proceed to the con-
sideration of the bill which I have called up?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. If there is no
other pending business in the morning hour.
Mr. HUGHES. I wish to inquire whethertbe
Pacific railroad does not take precedence of it?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. It is not a special
order in the morning hour.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I moved,
some time ago, that the House adjourn. That is
a privileged motion.
Mr. PHELPS. I rise to a question of order.
Mr. STANTON. I had the floor, and I sup-
pose the gentleman from Illinois could not take it
from me to move an adjournment. It can only be
taken from me to make a question of order; and
if the gentleman from Missouri will withdraw his
question of order  
Mr. PHELPS. I do not withdraw1 it.
Mr. STANTON. Well, if J surrender the floor
for a question of order, I will be entitled to it
after the question is disposed of.
Mr. SICKLES. I raise the point of order that
the regular order of business excludes the motion
of the gentleman from Ohio, and that he cannot
make it without a suspension of the rules.
The SPEAKER pro teihpore. The Chair sup-
poses that the motion of the gentleman from Ohio
is in order. The gentleman from Missouri [Mr.
Phelps] has risen to a point of order.
Mr. PHELPS. I state to the Chair, that this
morning the House did proceed to the considera-
tion of reports from committees. I submitted,
yesterday, a report from the Committee of Ways
and Means, which lay over until this morning.
That bill was considered and was passed, imme-
diately after the reading of the Journal this morn-
ing. The morning hour then commenced,and has
therefore long since expired.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair will
state to the gentleman from Missouri, that the bill
to which he refers came up as unfinished busi-
ness, and not in the morning hour.
Mr. STANTON. I move the previous ques-
tion on the engrossment of the bill.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I rise to a question
of order. If this bill is before the House, I have
the floor upon it.
Mr. CURTIS. I rise to a question, of oftfer,
and insist that the business regularly before the
House, is the Pacific railroad bill.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair sus-
tains the point of order raised by the gentleman
from New York, and decides that he is entitled to
the floor, upon the bill for raising volunteers.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask the
gentleman from New York to give way for a
motion that the House adjourn.
Mr. STANTON. I hope the gentleman from
New York will indicate what is liis purpose in
respect to addressing the House upon this bill.
Unless he desires to address the House, I ask him
to yield the floor to me to move the previous
question.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Oh,no; I object to
that.
Mr. SIMMS. As there seems to be some
question as to what is the regular order of busi-
ness, I wish to ask the Chair if it would not be in
order to postpone all these matters, and take up
the old-soldiers bill. [LaughterJ
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The chair thinks
it would be in order if the gentleman had the
floor. The gentleman from New York, however,
is upon the floor.
Mr. HICKMAN. I have the floor by the con-
sent of the gentleman from New York", and I now
move that the House adjourn.
Mr. CURTIS. I object to the gentleman from
New York yielding the floor for that purpose.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Does the gentle-
man from New York yield the floor?
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I do not, at present.
Mr. CURTIS. I understand that the business
now before the House is the unfinished business
of the morning hour. I claim that the Pacific
railroad bill is the unfinished business of the
morning hour, and the business, therefore, regu-
larly before the House. I call for the regular
order of business, therefore, and ask the Chair if
that is not the regular order ?
The SPEAKER pro tempore„ The Chair is of
the opinion that it is not. The bill now before
the House in relation to the volunteers, the Chair
decided to be iti order. A question of order was
raised by the gentleman from Missouri, [Mr.
Phelps,] which was overruled by the Chair,and
no appeal, at the time, was taken. The Chair
therefore decides that the consideration of the bill
called up by the gentleman from Ohio must now
proceed. The gentleman from New York is enti-
tled to the floor.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I do not suppose
the House is in any humor to hear remarks upon
this or any other subject. I propose, therefore,
with the consent of the House, having commenced
some observations I proposed to make upon some
other day, to print the remainder of my remarks.
No objection being made, consent was given.
[This speech will be published in the Appendix.]
