1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
13S7
copies of the President's message in relation to
the Aves islands, reported the motion without
amendment; and it was agreed to, as follows:
Ordered, That two thousand five hundred additional cop-
ies of the message of the President of the United States,
communicating, in compliance with resolutions of the Sen-
ate of the 17th and 18th of Febiuafy, 1858, correspondence
relative to the Aves islands, be printed for the use of the
Seuate.
JANE YATES.
Mr. "WADE. I move to take up a little pen-
sion bill for a widow, giving her four dollars a
month, which I am told is a very meritorious
case. It is a bill (H. R. No. 530) granting a pen-
sion to Jane Yates.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (H. R.
No. 530) for the relief of Jane Yates, was con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole. It pro-
poses to direct the Secretary of the Interior to
place the name of Jane Yates on the invalid pen-
sion rolls of the United States, at the rate of four
dollars per month, to commence on the 1st of
January, 1860, and to continue during her widow-
hood.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
MARY ANN HENRY.
Mr. WADE. I move now to take up House
bill No. 311.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (H. R.
No. 311) for the relief of Mary Ann Henry, was
considered as in Committee of the Whole. It pro-
poses to require the Commissioner of Pensions to
place the name of Mary Ann Henry, of Pennsyl-
vania, widow of the late Captain Henry Henry,
of the United States Navy, on the naval pension
roll, at the rate of twenty dollars per month, to
commence from the 1st January, 1858, the date
of her application, and to continue during her
life, unless she shall again marry, in which case
the pension is to cease from the date of the mar-
riage.
Mr. GRIMES and Mr. BRAGG. Read the
report.
Mr. POLK. I should like to hear the re-
port, or some explanation from the Senator from
Iowa.
Mr. GRIMES. The Senator from New Jer-
sey is chairman of the Committee on Pensions.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment.
Mr. BRAGG. The reading of the report has
been called for.
The Secretary proceeded to read the report of
the Committee on Invalid Pensions of the House
of Representatives, from which it appeared that
Captain Henry entered the naval service of the
United States on the 11th of July, 1812, being
appointed a sailing master by President Madison;
he took an active part in the war with Great Brit-
ain, beingappomted to command in the gun-boat
flotilla under Captain Tarbell, and assisted in the
defense of Craney Island and of Norfolk. On
account of his active services in the Chesapeake
he was, in March, 1815, appointed an "acting
lieutenant, and ordered to the command of the
Torch, of the Algerine squadron," fitting out un-
der Commodore Stephen Decatur. Lieutenant
Henry participated in all the operations against
the Algerines, and the destruction of their pirati-
cal squadron; and Commodore Stewart testifies
that his faithful and skillful discharge of his ardu-
ous duties placed him high in the estimation of
that distinguished officer, Commodore Stephen
Decatur- When peace was restored, Lieutenant
Henry was transferred to the frigate Constellation
by order of Commodore Bainbridge. It was while
on this station, on the coast of Africa, from the
exposure and arduous duties upon a station pro-
verbially unhealthy that Captain Henry acquired
the disease, " visceral congestion of the stomach
and bowels," which has since, with the charac-
teristic pertinacity of African fevers, clung to him
through life, as Dr. Haller testifies; and the doctor
quotes several medical authoiities to show that
malarious poisons, (the African fever being of that
class,) once fairly fixed in the system, are never
entirely got rid of, and qualify all subsequent at-
tacks. Hp states that when called upon to attend
Captain Henry, finding all his symptoms of a
secondary character, he asked him if he were not
suffering from an old disease; and he says most
emphatically, that Captain Henry told him it was
originally contracted on the coast of Africa; that
subsequently, he was again attacked with it at
Rio de Janeiro some time after the first attack in
Africa; and that he had been subjected to attacks of
it ever since. In fact, Dr. Haller says, in his
own words, that the history of his health, after
his return from Africa, tfas a continued series of
ups and downs. Dr. Haller, in his testimony
under oath attached to the memorial, gives his
unqualified opinion in the most emphatic terms,
4' that the disease which Captain Henry originally
contracted in Africa, was the means of inducing
those derangements of the system which brought
on the lastattack,the immediatecauseofhisdeath.
In 1821, Lieutenant Henry sailed for thePacificin
the Franklin, seventy-four, under the command
of Commodore Stewart. Although his health
was never fully restored, he served the whole
cruise of three years, and returned in her. Dr.
Haller testifies that Captain Henry told him he
had the fever at Rio; and Commodore Stewart, in
a letter to the Secretary of the Navy, a copy of
which is attached to the original memorial, states,
"that from the greatexposure he was subject to,
under his command, his health was materially
impaired, so much so as to disqualify him for
active dutiesfor some yearspast." Inthemonth
of February, 1839, while Lieutenant Henry was
on duty at the naval rendezvous at Baltimore,
Maryland, he was again attacked with the same
disease, and so severely,thathe was relieved from
duty on the report of the surgeon of the station,
Dr. Sproston, of the United States Navy.
Mr. THOMSON. In regard to this claim, I
can only state that I know it is a much better
claim than nine out of ten that pass.
Mr. WADE. I hope it will pass.
Mr. THOMSON. There is only one fault in
this bill, and that is, that it gives the widow only
half as much as she is entitled, to.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
a third reading, read the third time, and passed.
JOHN Y. SEWELL.
Mr. BRIGHT. I ask the Senate to take up
House bill No. 426, for the relief of John Y. Sew-
ell, a citizen of Washington Territory.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (H. R.
No. 426) for the relief of John Y. Sewell was
considered as in Committee of the Whole. It
proposes to allow to John Y. Sewell, for services
in the restoration of the United States mail, lost
from the steamer Southerner on the coast of
Washington Territory, and for expenses incurred
in obtaining the same from the Indians who had
it in their possession, the sum of #1,000 in full for
his claim.
Mr. BRIGHT. The Post Office Committee
recommended it, and there is a short report of ten
or more lines, which I ask may be read.
The Secretary read the report, from which it
appears that the steamship Southerner, while em-
ployed temporarily in the mail service by the
Pacific Mail Steamship Company, was wrecked
on the coast of Washington Territory in Decem-
ber, 1854, and all the mails, with the exception of
three bags, were lost. Mr. John Y. Sewell, a
citizen of Washington Territory, at the urgent
solicitation of many of the inhabitants, including
the postmaster, undertook to rescue them from
the Indians, into whose hands they had fallen.
After six weeks'effort, subjected to great hazard,
peril, and hardship, accompanied by two men
whom he had employed for the purpose, he suc-
ceeded, at considerable expense to himself per-
sonally, in obtaining the mails from the savages,
and delivered them to the nearest post office.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
a third reading, read the third time, and passed.
CHARLES APPLETON.
Mr. WILSON. 1 hope the Senator will allow
me to get up aprivate bill, which is afavor I have
not asked this session. It is a small bill for an
old soldier. I do not know that this person is
like the soldier of the Senator from Ohio, [Mr.
Wade,] who was shot all to pieces; but he is
nearly all in pieces. I hope it will pass. It is
House bill No. 461, for the relief of Charles Ap-
pleton.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (H. R.
No. 461) granting an invalid pension to Charles
Appleton was considered as in Committee of the
Whole. It proposes to allow him a pension of
eight dollars a month during his lifetime, com-
mencing January 1,1860.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
a third reading, read the third time,land l
WILLIAM SUTTON.
Mr. BRIGHT. I ask the Senate to take up
House bill for the relief of William Sutton, to
pay him five dollars a month pension. That is
the last private bill I shall ask the Senate to take
up.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (H. R.
No. 666) for the relief of William Sutton was
considered as in Committee of the Whole. It
proposes to direct the Secretary of the Interior to
place the name of William Sutton on the roll of
invalid pensioners, at the rate of six dollars per
month, to commence from and after the 5th of
February, 1858, and to continue during his nat-
ural life.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Forney, its Clerk, announced that the
House had passed the following bills of the Senate:
A bill (No. 349) making appropriations to
supply a deficiency in the appropriations for the
completion of the geological surveys of Oregon
and Washington Territories;
A bill (No. 562) to provide a temporary gov-
ernment for the Territory of Dakota, and to create
the officer of surveyor general therein; and
A bill (No. 563) to organize the Territory of
Nevada.
The message further announced that the House
had passed the following bills, in which the con-
currcnce of the Senate was requested:
A bill (No. 1007) declaring the value of the
new silver florin of Austria; and
A bill (No. 1009) amendatory of the act for the
rendition of fugitives from labor.
SUSPENSION OF TIIE RULES.
The message further announced that the House
had agreed to the resolution of the Senate to sus-
pend the 16th and 17th joint rules for the residue
of the present session.
MILITARY ROADS IN NEW MEXICO.
The message furtherannounced that the House
of Representatives had disagreed to the amend-
ments of the Senate to the bill of the House (No.
200) to provide for the completion of the military
road from Fort Union to Santa Fe, and from Taos
to Santa Fe, New Mexico; insisted upon its dis-
agreement to the said amendment, and asked a
conference on the disagreeing votes pf the two
Houses thereon; and had appointed Mr. Benja-
min Stanton of Ohio, Mr. Galusha A. Grow
of Pennsylvania, and Mr. George W. Hughes
of Maryland, managers at the same on the part
of the House.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message further announced that the Speaker
had signed the following enrolled bills and joint
resolution; which thereupon received the signa-
ture of the Vice President:
A bill (S. No. 39) for the relief of Simon de
Visser, and Jose Villarubia, of New Orleans;
A bill (S. No. 77) for the relief of Richard
Chenery;
A bill (H. R. No. 943) to provide for bringing
up the arrearages of work of the land office at
Olympia, Washington Territory; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 51) repealing a
resolution relating to the claim of George Fisher,
late of Florida, deceased, approved June 1,1860.
JOHN P. BROWN.
Mr. MASON. I ask the Senate to take up the
bill for the relief of John P. Brown, to which there
was an amendment reported by the Committee on
Foreign Relations.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the bill (S. No. 271) for the
relief of John P. Brown.
The bill was passed by the Senate at the last
session, proposing to direct the Secretary of the
Treasury to pay to John P. Brown, late principal
interpreter of the Turkish language to the United
States legation at Constantinople, for his services
