1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
37?
leave lo be decided bat the one great overmastering
problem, Union or disunion; if in the presence of
this hard solitary question, tliey are left to decide
it, and peril come from their decision, which
conservative men cannot avert, there will ring
out from the yearning patriotic heart of the mighty
West, itmay be in agony and despair—the CJmon,
now and forever, one and indivisible. It must and
shall be preserved!
1 warn the Republican party that they will need
the aid of the patriotic men of the North to sus-
tain their Executive. This revolution is reserv-
ing its more effectual overt acts for Republican
rule. What then.' It will have become strong
by cooperation. No Republican Administration
can enforce the law, unless the Republican State
authorities first place themselves right before the
people, and reconstruct the moral bases of their
Governments. By the 4th of March, South Car-
olina will have the Gulf States united. It will
appeal to that economic law which is stronger
than sentiment. By its appeal to the interests of
the cotton States it will succeed in securing coop-
eration.
Before we enter upon a career of force, let us ex-
haust every effort at peace. Let us seek to excite
love in others by the signs of love in ourselves.
Let there be no needless provocation and strife.
Let every reasonable attempt at compromise bo
considered. Otherwise we have a terrible alter-
native. War, in this age and 111 this country,
sir, should be the ultimo ratio. Indeed, it may
well be questioned whether there is any reason in
it or for it. What a war! Endless m its hate,
without truce and without mercy. If it ended
ever, it would only be after a fearful struggle; and
then with a heritage of hate which would forever
forbid harmony. Henry Clay forewarned us of
such a war. His picture of its consequences 1
recall in his own language:
" I will not attempt to describe scenes which now happily
lie concealed trom our view. Abolitionists themselves
would -brink back in disniayand horror at the contempla-
tion of desolated fields, conflagrated cities, murdered in-
habitants, and the overthrow of the fairest fabric of human
government that ever rose to animate the hopes of civilized
man. Nor should the Abolitionists flatter themselves that,
if they can succeed in their object of uniting the people of
the free States, they will enter the contest with numerical
superiority that must insure victory. All history and ex-
perience proves the hazard and uncertainty of war. And
we are admonished by Holy Writ that the race is not to the
swiif, nor the battle to the strong.
"But if they were to conquer, whom would they conquer ?
A foreign foe—one who had insulted our flag, invaded our
shores, and laid our country waste? No, sir; no. Itwould
be a conquest without laurels, without glory—a self, a sui-
cidal conquest—a conquest of brothers over brothers,
achieved by one over another portion of the descendants
of common ancestors, who nobly pledging their lives, their
fortunes, and their sacred honor, had lougllt and bled, side
by side, in many a' hard battle on land and ocean, severed
our country from the British Crown, and established our
national independence."
Such a war is the almost unavoidable result of
a dissolution of this Confederacy. Mr. Madison
(No. 61, Federalist) urged as a reason for the
Union, that it destroyed every pretext for a mili-
tary establishment; "but its dissolution," said
he, " will be the date of a new order of things.
Fear and ambition would make America copy
Europe, and present liberty everywhere crushed
between standing armies and perpetual taxes."
He augured for a disunited America a worse con-
dition than that of Europe. Would it not be so?
Small States and great States; new States and
old States; slave States and free States;-Atlantic
States and Pacific States; gold and silver States;
iron and copper States; grain States and lumber
States; river States and lake States; all having
varied interests and advantages, would seek supe-
riority in armed strength. Pride, animosity, and
glory, would inspire every movement. God shield
our country from such a fulfillment of the proph-
esy of the revered founders of the Union. Our
struggle would be no short, sharp struggle. Law,
and even religion herself, would become false to
their divine purpose. Their voice would no
longer be the voice of God, but of his enemy.
Poverty, ignorance, oppression, and its hand-
maid, cowardice, breaking out into merciless cru-
elty; slaves false; freemen slaves, and society
itself poisoned at the cradle and dishonored at the
grave—its life, now so full of blessings, would be
gone with the life of a fraternal and united State-
hood. What sacrifice is too great to prevent
such a calamity ? Is such a picture overdrawn ?
Already its outlines appear. What means the
inaugural of Governor Pickens, when he says,
" from the position we may occupy towards the
northern States, as well as from our own internal
structure of society, the government may, from
necessity, become strongly military in its organiza-
tion?" What means the mmute-men of Governor
Wise' What the southern boast that they have
a rifle or shot-gun to each family ? What means
the Pittsburg mob? What this alacrity to«ave
Forts Moultrie and Pinckney ? What means the
boast of the southern men of being the best armed
people in the world, not counting the two hun-
dred thousand stand of United States arms stored
in southern arsenals? Already Georgia has her
arsenals, with eighty thousand muskets! What
mean these lavish grants of money by southern
Legislatures to buy more arms? What mean
these rumors of arms and force on the Missis-
sippi ? These few facts have already verified the
prophesy of Madison as to a disunited Republic.
Mr. Speaker, he alone is just to his country;
he alone has a mind unwarped by section, and a
memory unparalyzed by fear, who warns against
precipitancy. He who could hurry this nation
to the rash wager of battle, is not fit to hold the
seat of legislation. What can justify the breaking
up of our institutions into belligerent fractions?
Better this marble Capitol were leveled to the
dust; better were this Congress struck dead in its
deliberations; better an immolation of every am-
bition and passion which here have met to shake
the foundations of society, than the hazard of
these consequences!
As yet, I do not believe that the defensive conduct
of the Executive involves these consequences.
Nay, I hope that firmness in resisting aggression,
with the kindness which he has endeavored to
show, may do much to avert them. Certainly
weakness and indecision now will not avail to
check the rising tide of public sentiment, and pre-
serve the public peace.
I agree with much that my friends from Illi-
nois, [Mr. McClernand,] New York, [Mr. Sick-
les,] and Ohio, [Mr. Vallandigham,] have said
as to the interests,dignity,and rights oftheirown
sections. I will not now go into any calculation
or contemplation about the results of a dissever-
ance of this Union. Long may it be averted—that
picture of Ohio, as the narrow isthmus between
a broken East and a divided West, with a hostile
southern border ! Long may it be averted—that
sad picture of New York, a great free emporium,
trading to all the world, and closed against the
interchange of her own inland ! Wo have gloom
enough without these new schemes of division.
I invoke the better spirit of him who never spake
so truly prophetic as a statesman, as when he
combined in his speaking the great truths of a com-
prehensive political economy—as when Wash-
ington said:
" In contemplating the causes vvhicli may disturb our
Union, it occurs as a matter of serious concern that any
Ground should have been furnished for characterising par-
ties by geographical discriminations, northern and south-
ern, Atlantic and western, whence designing men may en-
deavor to incite a beliet that there is a real difference of
local interests and views. You cannot shield yourselves
too much against the jealousies and heart-burnings which
spring from these misrepresentations. They tend to ren-
der alien to each other those who ought to be bound to-
gether by fraternal aftecdon."
In these days of anticipated trouble, whenfinan-
cial disaster tracks the step of political infidelity;
when the violation of compact is followed close
by the intemperate zealotry of revolution; when
even the property of our Union is seized, and out-
flag is torn down under its impulses; when, as if
premonitory of some great sacrifice, the vail of
our political temple seems rent, and the earth
about us quakes, and the very graves give up their
dead, who come forth to warn, beseech, advise,
and moderate—in this hour of our country's
deepest gloom and peril, let us heed with an all-
embracing and all-compromising patriotism, the
warning of Washington, whose voice, though he
be dead, yet speaketh from yonder tomb atMount
Vernon, and whose august presence I would
summon here as the Preserver, of that country
whose greatest pride it is to hail him as its Father !
In his sacred name, and on behalf of a people
who have ever heeded his warnings, and never
wavered m the just defense of the South as of the
North, I appeal to southern men who contem-
plate a step so fraught with hazard and strife, to
pause. Clouds are about us! There is lightning
m their frown ! Cannot we direct it harmlessly
to the earth? The morning and evening prayer
of the people I speak for in such weakness rises
in strength to that Supreme Ruler who, in notic-
ing the fall of a sparrow,cannot disregard the fall
of a nation, that our States may continue to be— 
as they have been—one; one in the unreserve of
a mingled national being; one as the thought of
God is one!
[Here Mr. Cox's hour expired; but, by unan-
imous consent of the House, he was allowed to
go on and conclude his remarks.]
These emblems above us, in their canopy of
beauty, each displaying the symbol of State in-
terest, State pride, and State sovereignty, let not
one of them be dimmed by the rude breath of
passion, or'effaced by the ruder stroke of enmity.
They all shine, like stars differing in glory, in
their many-hued splendors, by the light of the
same orb, even as our States receive their luster
from the Union, which irradiates and glorifies
each and all.
Our aspirations and hopes center in the proud
title of American citizen. Whether we hail from
the land of granite or the everglade of flowers;
from the teeming bosom of the West, the sea- •
washed shore of the East, or the gold-bearing
sierras of the Pacific slope—all are imbound by
the same rigol of American patriotism. Abroad,
at home, in palace or in cabin, in ship or on land,
we rejoice in that proud distinction of American
citizen. Wc look upon our nationality as the
actual of that ideal described by Edmund Burke
in a strain of finished eloquence and sublimest
philosophy—as something belter than a partner-
ship in a trade, to be taken up for a temporary
interest and dissolved at the fancy of the parties.
We look upon it with other reverence, because it
is not a partnership in things subservient only to
a gross animal existence of a perishable nature.
It is a partnership in all science; a partnership in
all art; a partnership in every virtue apd in all
perfection. As the ends of such a partnership
cannot be obtained in many generations, it be-
comes a partnership not only between those who
are living; but between those who are living, those
who are dead, and those who are to be born.
Each contract of each State is but a clause in the
great primeval contract of eternal society, link-
ing the lower with the higher natures, connecting
the visible with the invisible world, according to
a fixed compact, sanctioned by the inviolable oath
which holds all physical, all moral natures, each
in their appointed place.
Thus, regarding our nationality as more than
a life, as the association of many lives in one, as
an immortality rather than a life, the people of
this country will cling to it with a tenacity of pur-
pose and an energy of will, as to the very cross
of their temporal salvation, and revere it as the im-
personation of their sovereign upon earth, whose
throne is this goodly land, and whose mighty
minstrelsy, ever playing before it, is the voice of
an intelligent, happy, and free people !
Mr. REAGAN obtained the floor.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Will the gentle-
man from Texas give way to a motion that the
committee rise ?
Mr. REAGAN. I will be governed by the
wishes of the committee. I can go on with what
I have to say this evening, if the committee pre-
fer.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
Texas must either yield or decline to yield.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. 1 would ask the
gentleman from Texas, if he does not intend to
give way, that he will allow me a moment of his
time to-night.
Mr. REAGAN. I want to discuss some ques-
tions without preparation, and I would not be
willing to yield any portion of my time. I will
take tlie sense of the committee as to whether or
not I shall go on. I will yield to the gentleman
if it will not be taken out of my time.
The CHAIRMAN. That can only be done
by unanimous consent.
Mr. CURTIS. Well, I will make the motion
that the committee rise, if the gentleman will yield
for that purpose.
Mr. REAGAN. I will yield to that motion.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and Mr. Gliow
having taken the chair as Speakerprotempore, Mr.
.Washbcrne, of Illinois, reported that the com-
mittee had, according to order, had the state of
