THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
as charge d'affaires of the United States at that
court, from 11th day of April, 1838, to the 19th
day of July, 1839; from the 30th of July, 1852,
to the 5th of July, 1853; and from the 19th of De-
cember, 1853, to the 31st of January, 1854, the sum
of $4,674 15, being the difference between the sal-
ary of a charge d 'affaires of the United States and
the amount received by him as principal interpre-
ter during these periods.
At this session, the vote on the passage of the
bill was reconsidered, and it was recommitted to
the Committee on Foreign Relations, who reported
it with an amendment in lines eleven to fifteen,
to strike out the words, " from the 11th day of
April, 1838, to the 19th day of July, 1839;" and
in lines twenty-three and twenty-four, to strike
out "$4,674 15," and insert" $2,129 70;" so that
the bill will read:
Be-it enacted, <§'c. That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and he is hereby, directed, out of any money in the Treas-
ury not otherwise appropriated, to pay to John P. Brown,
late principal interpreter of the Turkish language to the
United States legation at Constantinople, for his services as
charge d'affaires ol the United States at that Court, from the
30th of July, 1850, to the 5th of July, 1853, and from the
19th of December, 1853, to the 3Kst of January, 1854, the
sum of $2,129 70, it being the difference between the salary
of a charge d'affaires of the United States and the amount
received by him as principal interpreter aforesaid, during
the two several periods above named.
Mr. MASON. The amendment was carefully
prepared by the Committee on Foreign Relations,
and I hope it will be adopted.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, it was read the third lime, and passed.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN.
On motion of Mr. GREEN, it was
Ordered, That Irvine St Porter have leave to withdraw
their petition and papers.
On motion of Mr. GREEN, it was
Ordered, That the Court of Cl.ums ho directed to return
to the Senate the papers in the case of Russell St. Majors.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSK.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Forney, its Clerk, announced that the
House had passed the following bills of the Sen-
ate:
A bill (No. 270) for the relief of John H.
Wheeler; and
A bill (No. 501) for the relief of Henry Rice.
RlhL JiKCOME A LAW.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Gi.ossbrenneh, his Secretary,
announced that the President had approved and
signed, on the 1st instant, an aet(S. No. 210) for
the relief of Augustus H. Evans.
CORRECTION OP THE JOURNAL.
Mr. PUGH. I move that the Senate take up
a resolution which was offered by the Senator
from Connecticut [Mr. Foster] a few days ago,
to allow the clerks of standing committees sixty
days' pay after the adjournment of the Senate.
Mr. SUMNER. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. It is to have the Journal of yesterday cor-
rected. It. reads as follows:
"Thf* joint resolution of the IIou^o of Representatives
(No. 80) to amend the Constitution of the United States,
h\'h read the lir^t and second tuiiOh, by unanimous con-
sent."
This is a mistake. It was not read the second
time by unanimous consent. 1 objected to it; the
Senator from Michigan [Mr. Bingham] objected
to it; the Senator from New York [Mr. IvixgJ
objected to it. I wish to have the Journal con-
form to the fact.
Mr. B1GLER. I hope the Senator will allow
the Senator from Ohio 
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Fitcu in
the chair.) What joint resolution does the Sen-
ator refer to in the journal ?
Mr. SUMNER. House joint resolution to
amend the Constitution of the United States—No.
80.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair un-
derstands from the Clerk that one joint resolu-
tion from the House of Representatives was read
twice, and the oilier was objected to.
Mr. SUMNER. I beg his pardon; I objected
to both myself.
Mr. BIGLER. I suggest to the Senator from
Massachusetts—
Mr. SUMNER. Allow this to be corrector!.
Mr. BIGLER. Let the Senator from Ohio get
out of the way with his resolution.
Mr. SUMNER. X beg pardon. I wish to have
the Journal corrcctcd now.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Massachusetts moves for the correction of
the Journal, as indicated*by him. The Chair is
not aware whether it is to be put to a vote, or
whether it is a privileged question if he insists on
having it thus corrected without a vote.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I wish to suggest that I do
not think the Senator can assume that this is not
a correct Journal. I asked yesterday morning that
this joint resolution should be read a second time;
and then later in the day, finding that it had been
read a second time and entered on the Journal as
so read, I asked to have it taken up and made the
special order for consideration to-day; and it was
made the special order. The record was entered.
I went to the Clerk to know whether or not such
was the decision. There was great confusion at
the time, and hence I was not certain that the
entry was made. If I found on examination that
it was not, I intended to make the point. Cer-
tainly the joint resolution was announced as read
the second time, and it was then announced to
the Senate as being made the special order. That
announcement is conclusive on the body. The
Journal is right. If theSenator had objected, and
the Chair did not know it, he should have made
it known.
Mr. SUMNER. My answer to the Senator is
explicit. I made the objection at the time, and
the resolution was not read a second time. That
is within my precise and positive knowledge.
The Senator, at a later period of the day, moved
to make it a special order for twelve o'clock to-
day. That was perfectly in order for him to do,
because the question to-day would be on its sec-
ond reading, not on its third reading. My simple
point is, that the joint resolution was not read
twice yesterday. That I know; and I wish to
have the Journal made in conformity with the
fact.
Mr. CLARK. I think I can convince the Sen-
ator from Illinois, or at least I can suggest some
considerations to him which, perhaps, will refresh
his recollection in regard to this matter. I think
the Senator will recollect that I objected at the
same time that the Senator from Massachusetts
objected; and I went over to his scat afterwards
in regard to it, asking lum if he desired to have
us go on with the other discussion. It was not
then renewed; but afterwards, the Senator called
it up again, and had it made the special order;
but it was not read twice.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I think the Senator will find
that this is the fact: the first resolution about the
amendment of the Constitution was called up and
read twice 
Mr. SUMNER. No; the Senator is mistaken.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Then the second resolution
was called up, and read once, and objections were
interposed to its second reading.
Mr. SUMNER. I objected to both.
Mr. DOUGLAS. The Senator may have un-
derstood that he objected to both, but the ques-
tion is, what were the facts which occurred at the
table of the Vice President. If the Senator made
an objection in his sent, and the Chair did not
hear him, and he did not make himself known to
the Chair as objecting, it is too late for him to
avail himselfof it;buthcreare Senators who have
a distinct recollection that this joint resolution
was read twice; and I endeavored to get the sec-
ond resolution read twice, with a view to put them
on an equal footing. Now, I want to call the at-
tention of the Senator from New Hampshire to
this fact: he came to me to know what my object
was; I told him it was to put this resolution in
the same position with the one of the peace con-
ference; that having been read twice, to put this
in the same position, so as to bring it in order
within the rule. Now, the simple question is,
whether we are willing to concur with the House
of Representatives, in submitting to the States of
this Union, a proposition to amend the Constitu-
tion so that the Federal Government shall not
interfere with slavery in the States. 
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 thought the question
was one as to amending the Journal.
Mr. DOUGLAS. It is one as to amending the
Journal; so my colleague thought right about it.
I say it is an attempt now, waiting until to-day,
to defeat action on that question. If the Senator
from Massachusetts did not make himself heard
yesterday as objecting, seeing that we were act-
ing on the supposition that this resolution had
been read twice, we understood it was read twice,
and made the special order, because it was read
twice, it is too late to make the objection. Senators
here bear their testimony that it was read twice.
The Senator from Ohio [Mr. Pugh] heard it read
twice; the Senator from Tennessee [Mr. Nichol-
son] heard it read twice.
Mr. SUMNER, It is within my positive knowl-
edge that it was not read twice. That is my pos-
itive recollection, that it was not read twice.
Mr. DOUGLAS. The Senator from Massa-
chusetts has no right to say it was not read twice.
He can say he did not hear it; but when Senators
here assert that they did hear it, he has no right
to depy the truth that they heard what he did not
hear. He can say that he did not hear it read
twice, but he has no right to say it was not read
twice; because it is well known that it was. He
may not have heard it; we did hear it. If Sen-
ators on that side said that they heard it read
twice, and I did not hear it, I would not contra-
dict them. There are many things which occur
that I do not hear, but they nevertheless exist.
Here are Senators who heard it distinctly; and
I went to the clerk's table immediately to see
whether it was so entered. I was informed that
it was entered; and hence there can be no ques-
tion but that the fact occurred. The Senator from
Massachusetts did not hear it; that was all.
Mr. BINGHAM. When the joint resolution
came from the House of Representatives and was
announced by the Clerk, I was standing in my
seat here, and I objected to the second reading,
as did also the honorable Senator from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Sumner] and the honorable Sen-
ator from New York, [Mr. King;] and I am very
positive there was no second reading.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Fitcii.)
The Chair will state his recollection of facts, so
far as they are within his memory. When the
present occupant was in the chair yesterday morn-
ing, a motion was made to take up the joint res-
olutions of the House of Representatives. There
are two, numbered 64 and 80, respectively. Joint
resolution No. 64 was taken up, read the first time,
and the second reading objected to. Joint reso-
lution No. 80 was taken up, read the first time,
and the second reading was objected to. Subse-
quently, while the present occupant of the chair
was not in it, upon the motion of the Senator from
Illinois, it was again before the Senate; but the
Chair of course cannot say, except from the in-
dorsement of the clerk, whether its second read-
ing was then objected to or not.
Mr. BINGHAM. No, it was not objected to
then; for there was no motion for its second read-
ing at that time.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. What is the indorse-
ment?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The indorse-
ment is <s read the first and second times, and made
the special order for to-morrow at twelve o 'clock."
Mr. BINGHAM. It was not read the second
time.
Mr. PUGH. ^ I hope we shall get a vote on my
resolution. This question of privilege may con-
tinue all day. As regards the second reading of
that joint resolution, I have no more doubt than
I have of my own existence, that I heard it with
my own ears; for the Senator from Virginia [Mr.
Mason] wanted to commit the resolution on the
ground that it was not good English. He made
that remark.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understands the Senator from Massachusetts to
move a correction of the Journal, as indicated by
him, to make it appear that the House joint res-
olution, No 80, was read once, instead of twice.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I ask for the yeas and nays
on that. The testimony is distinct on this side
that it was read twice. Senators heard it; and
certainly that must be conclusive as against men
who did not hear it, and do not know how the
fact was.
Mr. BINGHAM. I understand the Chair to
say that it was not read twice.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Upon the ques-
tion of amending the Journal, the yeas and nays
are asked.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
