1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1389
Mr. BAYARD. I only wish to understand
distinctly what the question is. I understand that
the motion is made to correct the Journal and the
indorsement on the joint resolution sent from the
House of Representatives, made by the Clerk yes-
terday. They both speak alike, the Journal and
the indorsement on the resolution. On that, the
testimony upon the one side to make the fact dif-
ferent from what the Journal shows, is purely
negative; upon the other side, there is positive tes-
timony that the joint resolution was read twice.
It seems to me, on that state of facts, there can
be no doubt that we should leave the Journal as
it is.
Mr. LANE. I think X recollect well the his-
tory of this matter. I happened to be on the floor
at the time, and I yielded to the Senator from Illi-
nois to make the motion 
Mr. CRITTENDEN. There is such a noise
that I cannot hear.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is too
much confusion both, in the Senate and in the gal-
leries. There must not be such noise.
Mr. LANE. On my yielding the floor, the Sen-
ator fiom Illinois made a motion to make this joint
resolution the special order for to-day at twelve
o'clock. 1 have no recollection of its being read
the second time. I do not know anything more
about it than that. I am satisfied it was not read
the second time, then.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I do not want to make
any argument at all. We are now deciding upon
a question of fact, dependent upon evidence.
Would it be competent for us to examine as to
the matter of fact, and ask the Secretary what his
recollection is about it; how that entry came to
be made?
Mr. SUMNER. I understand that the Chair
states it to be within his knowledge, that at the
time of the first reading of the resolution, there
was no second reading. The Chair is explicit in
that statement. In that statement I concur; it is
precisely according to my recollection. Against
the statement of the Chair, against my own recol-
lection , against the recollection of the Senator from
Michigan, and against, I believe, also the recol-
lection of the Senator from New York, is the
averment of the Senator from Illinois and also of
the Senator from Ohio. That is the way the case
now stands. On the one side, the Chair directly
declares that within his knowledge, when the res-
olution was lead the first time it was not read also
the second time; and in confirmation of that state-
ment of the Chair is my own positive recollection,
founded on the objection that I myself made, and
objections made by my two friends on my left,
also, and their recollection in harmony with my
own. The Chair, however, adds, and very prop-
erly, that at a later period of the day the resolu-
tion was taken up and made a special order for
twelve o'clock to-day. Surely it was; but when
taken up and made the special order for to-day, it
was not read thesecond time; itdidnotgo through
any further process of legislation; it simply stood
where it was—on its first reading. The Senator
from Oregon [General Lane] states that he him-
self gave way to the Senator from Illinois to make
the motion to have it made the special order for
to-day; but he has no recollection that at that time
it was passed to a second reading; and how could
it be passed to a second reading at that time, when
it had already in the day been objected to by two
or three different Senators?
Mr. KING. I should, perhaps, state what I
recollect about this matter. I was here when
this proposition came in, and I know the Sena-
tors upon my right [Mr. Bingham and Mr.
Sumner] were intently watching to prevent its
being read a second time, with a view to avail
themselves of the privilege of the rule; and on the
very first opportunity they had when the resolu-
tion came up, they objected, to its second reading.
I was paying the most strict attention to it, and
did not hear any second reading, and it is my
most confident opinion that there was no second
reading whatever. I supposed the objection was
heard by the Chair, and prevented the second
reading. That was my understanding of it. But,
objection having been made, even if it was an-
nounced that the joint resolution was read the
second time, it was irregular; because the objec-
tion was entitled to preventits second reading. We
supposed it did, not hearing it at all, or we would
have made the point at the time.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will remark, in relation to this question of amend-
ing the Journal, that the Senator from Massa-
chusetts stated correctly what the Chair said rel-
ative to the first proposition, the one first made.
Objections were made when the motion was first
made for the second reading of the joint resolu-
tion. The present occupant of the chair was not
in the chair when it came up the second time, and
therefore is not competent to say whether it was
then read a second time or not. He will observe,
however, that nothing is more common—that is
the ordinary rule of procedure—when a House
joint resolution or bill comes to the Senate, if a
motion is made to make it the special order after
the first reading, the second reading is ordinarily
inferred, whether it be actually read the second
time or not.
Mr. PUGH. I do not care about prolonging
this contest, nor do I care about the positiveness
of the Senator from Massachusetts. I am willing
to leave his veracity—if he calls it so—and mine
to third persons. I have no more to say about
that. I sought no controversy with him; but he
is determined, it seems, to insist that his recol-
lection shall prevail over that of others. I enter
into no such contest. In the morning, when the
resolutions from the peace conference were about
to be taken up, the Senator from Illinois moved
to postpone them and take up the House resolu-
tion. I know that, because he appealed to me in
private to assist him, and I consulted my friend
from Kentucky to know whether that would be
agreeable to him. The House joint resolution
was then read the first time, and the Senator from
Illinois tried to have it read the second time; but
objection came from the Senator from Virginia,
who said that it was not good English, and that
it ought to be committed. Later in the day, the
Senator from Illinois moved to take it up, and
make it the special order, and upon that occasion,
the occupant of the chair said; " If there be no
objection, this resolution will be read the second
time;" and it was read the second time by Col-
onel Hickey. Then an attempt was made to read
the other resolutions from the House of Repre-
sentatives, the declaratory resolutions reported
by the committee of thirty-three; but after they
had been read the first time, a number of objec-
tions were made, and they were not read the sec-
ond time. I do not say that these three Senators
may not have objected; I donot know; I did not
hear them; but 1 say their objection did not pre-
vent it, and there are several other Senators whose
recollection concurs with mine.
Mr. BINGHAM. If the statement of the hon-
orable Senator from Ohio be correct, it convicts
the Journal of misstating the truth; because the
Journal states that it was read the first and second
time when it was introduced. ["Oh, no!"] So
says the Journal. I beg the Chair to read it, so
that the Senate may understand it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. " The joint
resolution (H. R. No. 80) to amend the Consti-
tution of the United States, was read the first and
second times by unanimous consent."
Mr. BINGHAM. I understand the Senator
from Ohio to say that it was objected to when it
was read the first time; and just at the close of
the session last night, when the Senator from
Illinois moved to make it the special order, it was
then read the second time, by unanimous consent.
Now, I undertake to say it was not read then the
second time by unanimous consent, for I objected
then to taking it up; but it was taken up and
made aspecialorderagainst my objection. Clearly,
however, it was not then read the second time.
Mr. COLLAMER. Mr. President, I cannot,
from my owij recollection, state now whether the
joint resolution was read the first and second time
when it was introduced, or not; butthis I know,
that it was read the first and second time at that
time, if at all; because, before the Senator from
Illinois moved to make it the special order, the
question arose in my mind whether it had been
read the second time, and I went and looked at
the record, and found it entered there just as it
now reads, and told him that it had been read
twice,as appeared by the record, before he made
his motion to make it the special order. From
that fact, I know that the entry of its having been
read the second time was made before he made
his motion; for he and I talked about it, and I
went and looked, and I believe he looked, too.
Therefore it is that I am perfectly clear that if the
joint resolution had its second reading at all, it
was at the same period when it was read the first
time. Now, I understand from the Chair that it
did not have its second reading then.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I will now state my recol-
lection. The Senator from Massachusetts is-en-
tirely mistaken in supposing that I have made any
statement on the subject. I was acting on the
statements of those around me. The Senator from
Ohio heard it read a second time-, the Senator from
Tennessee, and other Senators, heard it distinctly..
Mr. SUMNER. May I interrupt the Senator
one minute ? I understand—I may be mistaken—
that the Senator from Ohio says it was read the
second time when theSenatorfrom Illinois moved
to make it the special order; that is, at the second
stage of the proceedings. I may be mistaken,
but I so understood the Senator.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I will now state what ray
recollection is in regard to the matter. I called up
the joint resolution and asked for its reading. It
was read, notwithstanding objection arose on the
other side. I then asked whether it was not to
receive its next reading. There was a great deal
of confusion at the time. After the confusion
subsided, I asked for its second reading. The
Clerk, in my opinion, distinctly read it by its title,
but I was in doubt whether it was so entered. An
hour afterwards, I went to the desk and found
that it was entered as having been read a seeond
time. I thought it had been read, but whether
objection was interposed which stopped further
proceedings, I was not sure, as there was so much
confusion. I went to find out what the record
was. I then asked unanimous consent to take it
up and place it on the Calendar for action to-day
at twelve o'clock. My belief is that the form of
taking it up then was to read it a second timeand
make it a special order; but I did not move that
because it was already entered as having been
read the second time. I acted, therefore, on the
supposition, and I believed it to be true, that it
was read the second time twice, in point of fact;
but inasmuch as the entry was made once, that
is all that 1 care about.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, I do not
doubt that the Senator from Illinois acted on the
supposition thai he states. Thatis perfectly clear;
but this is also perfectly clear: that if an objection
to its second reading had been made at an early
period of the day, that defeated its second read-
ing for the day. The Senate certainly, as long
as that objection had been made, and was of rec-
ord,could notread it the second time on thatday;
and we have the testimony of the Chair, and the
concurrent testimony of other Senators, that the
objection to its second reading was made at an
early period of the day. There is a failure in the
record, and it is that failure which I wish to have
reformed.
Mr. DOUGLAS. The objection was to taking
up the proposition. The controversy on the sec-
ond reading was not made; but the objection was
to getting it up, and the confusion took place on
that. When it was taken up, in the firstinstance,
I asked for its second reading. I did not know
what the result announced was; but I knew that
it was actually read by the Clerk. Whether he
had entered it or not, I did not know at the time.
Now the simple questionis, whether or not we shall
go on with this joint resolution, the hour having
arrived for which it is the special order. I wish
the vote to be taken. I believe it was read twice.
We know on this side that it was read at the
clerk's desk twice. The record shows it. I have
only to say that the Senator from Massachusetts
is mistaken in supposing that an objection once
interposed lasts for the day. On the contrary,
nothing is more common than for an objection to
be interposed, and at a subsequent part of the day
the question to be taken up and the proposition
passed by unanimous consent. That is done
every day.
Mr. SUMNER. If the objection is withdrawn.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The hour of
twelve having arrived, it is the duty of the Chair
to announce the special order, which is House
joint resolution No. 80, to amend the Constitution
of the United States; but the privileged question
now before the Senate must first be disposed of.
Mr. BAYARD. 'It is a question of some im-
Fortance as to this correction of the Journal, and
think that the Senator from Massachusetts
