1340
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
by a very material point in his mode of
stating it. The question now is on a motion to
correct the Journal; to correct what constitutes
in itself the record of the proceedings of the Sen-
ate. I suppose, according to every principle, your
record must be held to be true, until it is disproved
by unquestionable testimony. There is a differ-
ence of recollection about this matter. The testi-
mony on one side against the record is entirely
negative in its character. There is no statement
made by honorable Senators that they were rec-
ognized, and enforced their objection to the sec-
ond reading. There is nothing improbable at all
in supposing that, during the noise and confusion
which now constantly exist in this body, motions
may be made and carried without many Senators
knowing anything about them; and a bill may be
read by its title which those who are eagerly
watching to defeat it do not notice at the time.
This is a case of conflicting testimony; that is the
amount of it, honest, I dare say, on all sides; but
of course necessarily biased by the views of the
parties, as human memory in all men will be
biased by the attitude in which facts are presented
before the mind of the actor. With this state of
things, what ought to be the result, whether you
apply it to the record of a court or the record of
the Senate, or in any species of transaction to be
proved by human testimony where there is an
existing record? The record must stand, unless
it is overborne by positive testimony on the other
side. That is my judgment, and therefore I shall
vote against this correction.
Mr. HALE. As this is a question of conflict-
ing testimony, and I was not in when the trans-
action took place, and know nothing about it, I
ask the Senate to excuse me from voting. I am
ready to meet every question that I know any-
thing about.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is the Senate
ready for the question ?
Mr. ANTIIONY. The question is on correct-
ing the Journal ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Yes, sir.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I asked some time ago,
if it would not be proper, on a question of this
description, to ask for the recollection of our Sec-
retary. The Journal, to be sure, implies what
he thought about it, but his recollection, some-
what more special and particular, might satisfy
the Senate. Is that not a very proper appeal ?
If this resolution was read a second time, he read
it. I want to ask our own officer, our own re-
cording officer, whether he did road it or not?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk
says the joint resolution was read twice.
Mr. GRIMES. When?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It was read
twice by its title, in the usual manner, as he says.
Mr. BRIGHT. This becomes not only an
important question now, but it becomes important
on questions that aie to arise hereafter. I under-
stand it is insisted that if the reading of a resolu-
tion is objected to in the morning when it is first
presented, it may be taken up at a subsequent
period of the session, and be acted upon, unless
another objection be made. That depends en-
tirely,! take it, upon the fact whether the Senator
who objected in the morning yields his assent
when the motion is made in the after part of the
day. There is no principle better established in
parliamentary law than that a bill shall be read
three times on three separate days. When this
joint resolution was read first in the morning, if
it was objected to then, it must lie over to the fol-
lowing day, unless the Senator making the objec-
tion should withdraw it. That is his peisonal
privilege as a Senator. I do not say anythingas
to the question of fact whether objection was
made in this ease or not; but if a Senator objected
in the morning, under the rule, it is not in the
power of the body to take it up again during that
day, unless the Senator withdraws his objection.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
state the question again. It is: whether the Journal
shall be so amended as that House joint resolu-
tion No. 80 shall appear to have been read but
once, instead of twice, as the Journal now stands.
Mr. MASON. The Senator from Ohio has
adverted to the fact that when this joint resolu-
tion was up yesterday, I said something in rela-
tion to it. I did not hear distinctly what fell
from the Senator from Ohio; but I understood
that he supposed I had made objections. What j
I did was simply this: I had read the joint reso-
lution when it came in, and saw that it was not
in good English, but was unintelligible; and I
merely remarked, as a fact, that it would seem to
me it ought to be referred to a committee to cor-
rect its English. 1 made no motion, and made
no objection. I deem Improper to say that there
seemed to be a struggle, there seemed to be a de-
sire, on the part of the Senator from Illinois, to
have the joint resolution put in such a condition
as to make it the order of the day, and place it
along side of the resolutions submitted by the
Senator from Kentucky; and that, on the other
side—I really do not remember from whom—they
objected to its second reading, with a view to
frustiate that object.
Mr. KING, ]&r. BINGHAM, and Mr. SUM-
NER. That is correct.
Mr. MASON. I heard distinctly the declara-
tion that they objected to the second reading.
Now, it docs seem to me to be purely a question
of fact. If Senators on either side say that they
objected to the second reading, as they had a
right to do, that should be received as a fact; and
I shall vote accordingly.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secretary
will call the roll.
Mr. COLLAMER. I understand that to vote
" nay" is to vote against correcting the Journal.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Yes, sir; that
retains the Journal as it is.
Mr. BINGHAM. Those who vote "yea"
vote to correct the Journal.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Yes, sir; and
make the joint resolution appear to have been
only read once.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. DIXON, (when Mr. Foster's name was
called.) My colleague is detained from the Sen-
ate to-day by severe indisposition.
Mr. NICHOLSON. On this question I am
paired with the Senator from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Cameron.] I should vote " nay.
Mr. KING, (when Mr. Seward's name was
called.) I will state that my colleague is paired
off with the Senator from Missouri.
Mr. GREEN. In this connection I want to
remark, that I have paired with Mr. Seward,
and I ask to withdraw my vote.
Mr. KING. 1 think they would vote together
on this question, and I am willing to let the Sen-
ator retain his vote.
Mr. GREEN. Very well.
Mr. LANE. I heard the Senator from Massa-
husetts distinctly object to the second reading,
and therefore I vote in favor of correcting the
Journal.
Mr. RICE. After the statement made by the
Senator from Oregon, I shall change my vote; i
now vote "yea."
Mr. HAllE. After the testimony of the Sen-
ator from Oregon, I vote "yea."
The result was announced—yeas 24, nays 17;
as follows:
YKAS— Messrs. Ringham, Chandler, Clark, Collamer,
Doolittle, Diukee, Fes^endon, Foot, Green, Grimes, ll.'le,
Ilail.ui, Kins, [jane, Mason, Morrill, Rice, Sumner, Ten
Eyck, Trumbull, Wade, Wigfall, Wilkinson and Wilson—
Hi.
WYS—Anthony, Raker, Ravard, Rigler, Rrairc,
Bt u;ht, Clmgntiin, Ci ittenden, Dixon, Dougla?, Johnson of
Arkansas, Johnson ol Tennessee, Kennedy, Peaice, Polk,
Powell, and X>ugh—17.
So the correction was ordered to be made.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Forney, its Clerk, announced that the
House had disagreed to the report of the commit-
tee of conference on the disagreeing votes of the
two Houses, on the bill (II. R. No. 865) making
appropriations for the curientand contingent ex-
penses of the Indian department, and for fulfilling
treaty stipulations with various Indian tribes, for
the year ending June 30, 1862. Also, that the
House asked a further conference on the disa-
greeing votes of the two Houses thereon, and ap-
pointed Mr. William A. Howard of Michigan,
Mr. Justin S. Morrill of Vermont, and Mr.
John W. Stevenson of Kentucky, managers of
the same on the part of the House.
GUANO DISCOVERIES.
The message further announced that the House
had passed the bill of the Senate (No. 303) sup-
plementary to the act entitled "An act to author-
ize protection to be given to citizens of the United
States, who may discover deposits of guano," ap-
proved August 18, 1856, with amendments.
STATE OF THE UNION.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The House
joint resolution No. 80 is before the Senate. The
question is, shall the joint resolution be read the
second time, the Journal having been corrected.
The Senator from Oregon has the floor.
Mr. LANE. After it is read, I desire to give
my views.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The second
reading  
Mr. CLARK. One moment. I desire to raise
a point of order, and it is this: whether the un-
finished business of yesterday does not supersede
this spccial order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The hour for
the unfinished business has not yet arrived.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I rise merely to call for
the yeas and nays on this question of the second
reading, or whatever reading it is.
Several Senators. Noobjection to the second
reading.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
hears no objection to the second reading.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I call for the yeas and
nays.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I ask for the yeas and nays.
I do not want the Journal amended again to-mor-
ro w.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is, shall the joint resolution (H. R. No. 80) be
read a second time now. On this question the
yeas and nays are asked.
The vcas and nays were ordered.
Mr. "CRITTENDEN. I desire to have the
joint resolution read. I want to hear it read: this
is a solemn proceeding.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The joint res-
olution will be read for information.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Joint Resolution to amend the Constitution of the United
States.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives of
the United States of Atactica in Congress assembled, That
the following aitirle be pioposed to the Legislatures of the
several Status as an amendment to the Constitution of the
United States; which, when ratified by three fouiths of
said Legislatures, shall be valid to all intents and puiposes
as part of kikI Constitution, namely :
Art, 13. No amendment shall be made to tlie Constitu
tion which will authorize or give to Congress the power to
abolish or interfere, within any State, with the domestic
institutions thereof, including that of persons held to labor
or service by the laws of said State.
Mr. WADE. I ask unanimous consent to take
up the bill in relation to guano deposits, to agree
to an amendment.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I object to anything until this
is voted on.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The yeas and
nays have been called for, and the Secretary will
proceed to call the roll.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. KING. This second reading is a mere
matter of form; but I prefer to vote " nay."
The result was announced—yeas 39, nays 5;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Baker, Rayard, Rigler, Rragjr,
Bright, Chandler, Claik, Olingman, Coll.uner, Crittenden,
Dixon, Doohttle, Douglas Fes^enden, Fitch, Foot, Grimes
Gwm. Dale, 1-Iailan, Hunter, Johnson of Arkansas, John-
son ot Tennessee, Kennedy, Lane, Mason, Mori ill, Nieh-
oL-on, Pcarce, Polk, Powell, Pugh, Rice, Simmons, Tea
Eyck, Thomson. Tmmbull, and Wade—39.
NAYS—Messrs. Bingham, Durkec, King, Sumner, and
Wilson—5.
So the joint resolution was ordered to a second
reading: and it was read the second time by its
title.
Mr. BIGLER. It cannot be read a third time;
and I suppose it lies over.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Why not move to go
on with it?
Mr. BIGLER. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of the resolution which
I offered the other day, suspending the 26th rule,
so far as relates to propositions to amend the Con-
stitution. That will obviate all the difficulty which
is presented here; and unless we do that, we can
do nothing.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Suppose you move first
to read this the third time.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Pennsylvania moves to proceed to the con-
sideration of the resolution submitted by him.
