THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 15,
The names inserted by the committee of the
House of Representatives in this bill, were se-
lected from hundreds suggested, without, as I am
informed, a single one of them seeking the posi-
tion, or desiring it, or even knowing their names
were to be so used* Others may have been in-
serted after the bill was reported, from personal
application, knowing their names were to be so
used. The active friends of this great public work
would not care if every name were erased, and
other good names substituted, if it did not unne-
cessarily jeopardize the bill. These names were
selected because the persons were all supposed to
be of high character, great energy, and ample
means, and therefore could induce other capi-
talists and men of energy to contribute sufficient
capital, enterprise, and business talent, to accom-
plish this, the greatest single work of any age.
These corporators are, in fact, only commis-
sioners, and will, no doubt, be so considered by
the Legislatures of the States and Territories in
giving them acts of incorporation. If such cor-
porators could notsecure the great object, it could
not be done by openingbooks to adventurous sub-
scribers, from whom collections, after the first
small installment, might not be made; and who
would be clogs to the enterprise. The object is
to build the roads. It was correctly stated in this
debate, that the southern road is intrusted, by this
bill, to a vast number of persons all over the
South, and could be given to no others, as they
now have the charters for eight hundred miles of
the route through Texas. To the northern road,
the bonds of the United States, for every section
of fifty miles, as it shall be finished, arc to be
lent; the return to be secured by the first mort-
gage on the whole road; the bonds not to excced
sixty million.
So far from the objectof the bill being to enrich
a few persons, many contcnd the road cannot be
madefor much more than double the credits loaned
by the United States; and some think—although
I am not one of them—it cannot be made at all;
in which event all the private subscriptions of the
stockholders would be totally lost, as the mort-
guge to the United States would have to be first
fully satisfied. If, under such conflicting opin-
ions, the corporators should be rewarded for the
vast capital raised and hazarded in the great ad-
venture, who ought to regret such a result, when
their success presupposes the complete accom-
plishmentof the undertaking—worth, politically,
many times the cost—presupposes the return to
the United States of her credits to the uttermost
farthing; and, in fact, thut the gieat work will
have been made by the capital, enterprise, and
business talent of the corporators themselves,
aided temporarily by the credit of the Govern-
ment? The greater the success of the corporators
under such circumstances the more general would
be the satisfaction throughout the world, as then-
gains would not be at the expense of others.
Ought such a bill to be jeoparded by amendments
of no moment to the country at huge, however
desirable to minor rival localities, especially when
shoit branches, hereafter to be granted almostas
a matter of course, may substantially satisfy their
wishes?
The bill, as now presented, is the result of ten
yeais' consideration, and is the compromise of
various rival and conflicting interests; and an al-
teration, apparently slight, may arouse extended
opposing interests not now seen, and may thus
defeat the bill.
Mr. President, the Senator from Missouri [Mr.
Green] and the Senator from Ohio [Mr. Pugii]
say that this is a coercive bill; that it will force
the States and Territorios through which those
roads pass, to grant charters as the corporators
may dictate. I can speak confidently for my own
State in answer to this objection, that its passage
through Congress will be hailed with joy by thou-
sands and tens of thousands of its citizens. Bon-
fires will be built on our mountain-tops to cele-
brate an event inoic important to them than
Napoleon's greatest victories were to Francc in
consolidating his empire. California will hail
these corporators as benefactors, who, through
the beneficence of Congress, have been intrusted
with an enterprise that will make us one of the
greatPowers of the earth. We will notlookupon
it as coercion when we are asked to pass State
laws to aid in carrying out this great law, which
will shower such benefits upon us. Such I feel
will be the public sentiment of all the States and
Territories which will be required by legislation
to perfect the details of this great scheme to con-
nect the Pacific and Atlantic oceans by two great
railroad routes north and south.
And now, Mr. President, I will say a single
word in answer to the remarks of my friend from
Oregon, [Mr. Lane.] He says that this bill is
unknown; that it was forced through the House
of Representatives without consideration, under
the previous question If my friend had only
examined the question, he would have ascertained
the fact that this bill was reported during the last
session of Congress; that it has not been altered
in a single word, with the exception of the inser-
tion of two or three or four names; that it was
reported by a select committee of the House of
Representatives, who had had it under considera-
tion for months—a committee composed of sixteen
members of that House; that they not only re-
ported the bill, but twenty thousand copies of it
were ordered to be printed and circulated over the
whole Union. In addition to that, I will say to
my friend from Oregon that this bill was per-
fectly well known in my State,and that the thirty-
four thousand Democratic voters of that State who
voted for him for the second -office within the gift
of the American people, are every one of them in
favor of this bill; and I may say further that, of
the one hundred and twenty thousand voters of
California, there would not be a hundred votes
cast against it. It is well understood there. It
was my belief at the time that this bill, after such
long labor in the select committee of the lower
House, would pass that body; and the question
was whether, if it came to the Senate, this body
would also pass the same bill. It is well known
and understood, so far as my constituents are
concerned.
But, Mr. President, the Senator from Minne-
sota speaks of going by Pike's Peak, and that the
rights of actual settlers will be encroached upon.
Sir, it reserves all the mineral lands on the whole
ioute,and thcio aie no settlers there except on
mineral lands. He says there are no guards im-
posed; no restrictions for the benefit of the Gov-
ernment; no protection to the United States. "Why,
sir, the Government of the United States has the
first mortgage on all the road; and if the road is
not built, it is to be given up, and all the private
subscriptions arc to be forfeited. I undertake to
say that this bill will build both rouds. Within
less than twelve months after the bill becomes a
law, the greatest obstacle that has ever been pre-
sented to the central route will have been over-
come, for we shall have a railroad through the
Sierra Nevada mountains to the Washoe silver
mines. I will ask the Senator from Louisiana,
[IVV' Benjamin,] who is opposed to a Pacific rail-
road bill, if he thinks there is any obstruction
that cannot be overcome? He has traveled over
the route; he has told me that there is none; and
theie are better routes than the one he traveled
over. There arc parties now who will contract
to build, within twelve months, a road through
the Sierra Nevada mountains to the Washoe sil-
ver mines, where thesemountains have heretofore
been consideied an impassable barrier.
I will notdctain the Senate in regard to this bill,
which is of such transcendent importance to the
whole country, and so vital to my own constit-
uents. I want the Senate to understand that we
are not contending for routes. Wc will take any
route; we will take any bill that will secure the
making of a road to the Pacific ocean. If i could
do no better, I would vote for a bill that would
carry it to Puget Sound, and leave my own State
out. I believe, though, that this bill carries these
routes to the great center of commerce and com-
munication on the Pacific ocean, and sccures im-
portant connections on both sides of the conti-
nent. The people of California want a railroad,
they want a connection; and they arc willing to
take it in any form. Their delegations in the two
Houses of Congress have always been willing to
take any kind of bill that could ho presented to
them, which would secure this great object. Now
we have before us a bill which has been sent to
us from the other House, and if the friends of a
Pacific railroad will throw away their minor ob-
jections, and stand by it, we can pass this bill;
and I undertake to say that in a very few years,
under its provisions, both roads can be built.
Mr. LANE. Mr. President, the remarks of
the Senator from California seem to make it ne-
cessary for me to answer very briefly what he
said. He reminds me that thirty-four thousand
patriotic national Democratic voters of his State
voted for me for the second highest office in their
gift. Well, sir, they gave a good vote; and I
thank them. And he further reminds me that
they are, every one of them, in favor of the pas-
sage of this bill; and he says they all understand
it; that they have every one seen it, read it, and
comprehend its provisions.
Mr. GWIN. My friend will permit me to
state that I did not say they had read it; but we
discussed it on the stump. It was debated by the
speakers of all the four parties. This bill was
well understood in California, and all parties were
committed to it. I made speech after speech in
favor of this very measure, stating that, if it passed
the House of Representatives, in my judgment
it would certainly pass the Senate.
Mr. LATHAM. I will state, also, that this
very bill, with the exception of the new corpo-
rators that were inserted in the House this year,
was published in the papers all over the State. I
saw it and read it myself.
Mr. LANE. Well, Mr. President, I will only
say to my good friends from California, that 1 do
not understand this bill as they do; and I ^rant
them to understand now, distinctly, that they are
no more anxious for a Pacific railroad than 1 am.
1 have labored here for years, and am ready now
\to vote for such a bill as ought to pass; but when
I was up the other day, I said that it appeared to
me this was no time to pass a Pacific railroad
bill. 1 was very sorry this morning to see the
nfo^ft important measure that has been introduced
into this Senate, or can be introduced into it dur-
ing this or any other session, set aside to take up
this bill. I allude to the proposition introduced
by the venerable Senator from Kentucky. It was
a proposition presented with the hope of saving
the final dissolution of this Union. The measures
proposed by him, if sanctioned by the people, if
approved by the northern States, would in all hu-
man probability—and I know there is no man in
this Union more anxious for it than myself—de-
lay the movements which are now going on, that
are to result ultimately in the entire dissolution
of the Union. At such a time, when every gen-
tleman knows that the country cannot be held
together unless something shall be promptly done,
I thought it was not proper to take up a bill in-
volving the country in obligations amounting to
hundreds of millions, for the making of two rail-
roads, in preference to adopting some measures
by which this Union may be held together; some
plan that may afford security and protection, and
guaranty the rights of all the States of the Con-
federacy. It is not a good time to take up this
measure, and to impose it upon the country,sim-
ply becausc gentlemen have the power to do it,
when they know that they are pledging States that
will not regard the obligation which they under-
take to impose on them, and when they are making
debts here and contracting obligations that these
States will always hold they had no right to do.
I say to those thirty-four thousand sensible, loyal
voters of California, that no man in America js
more devoted to their interests than I am. I will
say to every voter of every political party m Cali-
fornia, that no one of them is more anxious for a
Pacific railrond than myself. Any plan by which
one could be made, if this were a proper time to
do it, would satisfy mo.
This bill, as I look at it, is not a good one. It
isaloose bill; it is an objectionable bill; and though
it may have been reported last year, and been
printed and published, as the Senator says, and
scattered over every portion of this country, he
knows, as well as I do, that no opportunity was
given for its consideration in the House of Rep-
resentatives. There was no opportunity allowed
there for amending or perfecting it. There was
no opportunity given for considering it; but under
the previous question it was hurried through that
House and sent to us. The Senator from Cali-
fornia now stands here, saying that we shall take
it just as it is; that it is a holy thing; that it shall
not be touched; that no amendment shall be made
to it; that no consideration shall be given to it;
that every amendment that is offered shall be
voted down, and the bill hurried through the
Senate,
Mr. President, I repeat again that this is not
