1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3m
thetimo for passing a TPacific railroad bill. Let
this matter go over. Let us take up the- propo-
sitions of the Senator frojjp Kentucky. Letus sub-
mit to the people some method by which the diffi-
culties that surround us, and which appeal to every
patriot in the country, can be averted, and peace
restored to the country, so that the States that
have left us may be invited to return upon terms
that will afford security to them. Would the Sen-
ator have a railroad at the expense of the Union ?
Would he place it in the power of that party
who disregard the Constitution; who disregard
their obligations to the country; who trample
upon the decision of the Supreme Court; who
will not respect a single guarantee to which the
States are entitled under the Constitution; who
have said 011 the floor of the Senate, and in his
presence, to the southern States: " We have you
now surrounded; we intend to hem you in; you
shall submit to our rule, and to your destiny;"
showing as plain as language can express it that
it is their purpose, not only to hem in, to fence
around the southern States of this country, but
to destroy their institutions ? Would he consider
a railroad bill now in preference to the adoption
of measures that would secure rights to these
States that are to be trampled upon and literally
crushed out by a party who would inaugurate
and bring about negro equality in this country;
who would free the negroes of the South, and bring
them toNew York and the other northern States,
and introduce them there upon an equal fooling
with the laborers of that portion of our country,
to compete with them in their labor, and who
would allow them to vote? And then this party
say to us, when war comes, we will have a united
North to go down against the South, and destroy
it, and to bring about this negro equality. They
expect the Germans, the Irish, and the Demo-
crats, who have struggled to maintain the rights
of all the States, who have stood firmly by the
Constitution, will help to establish negro equality,
and that these good people will go under the Re-
publican banner to do it. i say they will never
engage in any such cause.
I allude to all these things in order to satisfy
the honorable Senatorand his constituents that I
am with them in favor of the Pacific railroad; but
I dojiot believe this bill to be a good 011c. I do
not think ltought to pass. I said so before; and
I voted for its indefinite postponement with the
hope that something could be done to save the
country. Another Congress can attend to this
matter. When Congress shall again assemble,
the Senator from California or his colleague will
be here; and if we should have peace, they can
take up the railroad bill and pass it. I should
hail its passage with as much pleasure as he. I
will go on the mountain tops and light up the
beacon fires, and rejoice over the passage of a
railroad bill, when the time comes to do it, when
it is proper to do it, apd when a good railroad
bill, such a one as 1 know he would intioduce if
he had the opportunity, shall have passed Con-
gress.
There is another objection to this bill. It pro-
vides for making two railroads—a southern and a
northern railroad—to terminate at San Fiancisco.
Well, sir, I will go for both these roads at the
proper time. I would go for two or three rail-
roads to terminate at San Francisco. I appreciate
its importance as much as the Senator from Cal-
ifornia does. I know it is important to us in
Oregon. I know we are identified witli California.
We look to California as the great portion of the
Pa a i fir.. W*e go there to purchase everything and
to sell everything; and I am,and intend to be,as
true to California as he is; but I submit to him, and
I submit to other members from the Pacific coast,
whether they would not like, when they see the
northern road that is to terminate at San Fran-
cisco reach the Sacramento valley, that a branch
should be provided to follow the Sacramento
river? It affords a natural passage through the
mountains to the Chasta valley, in which stands
Yreka, one of the flourishing town of that State.
Then it is of easy access to the Rogue River val-
ley,and that opens communication with the Ump-
qua valley, and that again opens communication
with the Willamette valley. There is no formi-
dable obstruction at all to making the road. It is
the finest route in the world for a railroad, term-
inating at Portland, a seaport town, where ships
of almost any class can arrive; they enter the
Columbia, and come to Portland. Then, a branch
or road can be extended by the Columbia river
valley, by the Cowlitz, over a level country to
Pugct Sound. Thus you would accommodate
the whole Pacific coast. Why should the State
of Oregon and the Territory of Washington be'
cut off entirely, and forced to travel seven hun-
dred miles by land, or more than that by water,
to reach San Francisco, to ayail themselves of the
benefit'of this road ? Should it not extend through
the Sacramento valley up that river, by the route
I have mentioned, to Portland?
I ask the representatives from the Pacific coast
whether they will vote for such an amendment,
whether they will vote to extend this road over
the best portion of the Pacific coast ? The valleys
I mention are larger in extent and more fertile and
productive than any other portion of the Pacific
coast. That road would afford them an opportun-
ity of bringing everything they have to San Fran-
cisco. Will Senators say that all these roads
shall concentrate or terminate at San Francisco,
and that the State of Oregon and Territory of
Washington shall have no part or lot in the mat-
ter? Is that just to thatportion*of the country ? Is
it right that two roads shall terminate at San
Francisco, and no man shall raise his voice in favor
of extending it 011 a route that is entirely easy, and
which can be made at as little expense as it can
up the Platte valley, from the Sacramento valley
up the Sacramento river, which makes a natural
pass to Chasta valley, and then there is no ob-
struction to Portland. It is almost a level coun-
try. There are but two obstructions by passes
through which the road can pass. Everybody
that has been in the Willamette valley will see
that there is nothing hardly to do there but to lay
down the timbers, put 011 the rails,and set the cars
running.
When you get to Portland, you have reached
the ocean six hundred miles north of San Fran-
cisco, and ill a direct line to China; for, as I said
the other day, vessels sailing from San Francisco
for China, all go up our coast by the Columbia
river and further up by Puget Sound, or rather
a little west of it, and strike across to China. It
is the nearest route. I say again, when you have
reached Portland, you can then reach Puget
Sound, the finest inland sea in the world. There
is not such a sheet of water on the face of the
earth. There is an entrance without obstruction,
and a harbor sufficient for all the shipping of the
world. Why shut out that harbor ? Why will
not my friend be generous, and say, that when
this northern route reaches the Sacramento, it
shall be provided that one blanch shall be ex-
tended 011 through Oregon to Puget Sound? Shall
we be cut off? Is that portion of the country in
which I live, and which extends from 42° to 480,
to be entirely deprived of the advantages and ben-
efits of a railroad which it is attempted to hurry
through Congress without any opportunity to
amend ?
If this amendment can be made, and if proper
guards can bo inserted in the bill, that will make
it secure, then I should vote for it with great pleas-
ure, if I believed at this moment it was the duty
of Congress to pass it. I would vote it anyhow,
but that this is an unfortunate time to pass a rail-
road bill. Let Senators provide for all that por-
tion of the country; let them be just to Oregon,
just to Washiugton,and establish a line that will
open the commerce of the world through Wash-
ington Territory by the Willamette valley route
straight to New York. Then they will have ac-
complished much. But the gentlemen who can
urge two routes to terminate at San Francisco,
without providing for this other portion of the
country, disregard the interests of all that por-
tion of the country lying north of San Francisco.
While I intend to be just to San Francisco and to
California, and to eyery voUt ill it, I think it is
but right to be just to the other portion of our
country lying north of it. Let us deal fairly; let
this bill be amended; let it be well considered; let
ns advise whether this is the proper time for its
passage, and if it is, let it go through providing
for all the country 011 that coast, which can be
done at very little additional expense.
Mr. GWIK. Mr. President, 1 will answer
briefly some of the arguments of the Senator from
Oregon. In the first place, he says there ought
to be provision made foi a loute fiom Sacramento
to Portland. Why, sir, one of the surveyed routes,
and the principal route that has been looked upon
until very recently for this railroad, the central
route, must pass through the SierraNevadamount-
ains at the head of the Sacramento river, nearly
one half of the way, hundreds of milas north of
Sacramento city. The road is to pass to Sacra*
mentoif it goes over that route; so that the amend-
ment of the Senator to make a road from Sacra-
mento to Portland, when for hundreds of miles
this route must travel the same region of country
before it gets to Sacramento,-would not accom-
plish his purpose. It seems to me, his amend-
ment, if he proposes one, should be to run the road
north, if it goes on the surveyed route, the one
that has always been recognized as the route over
which the road must pass, to strike the head waters
of the Sacramento river and go north to Portland.
But, Mr. President, the Senator himself has
answered (very weakly against this bill, in my
judgment, but very powerfully against his own
amendment) hiso wn ardent appeal for this braneh :
and that is, it can wait. He says the whole bill,
the great Pacific railroad, can wait. Tf the argu-
ment of the Senator is good against the whole
bill, is it not good against an amendment in which
two States and a Territory alone are interested?"
If I understand the public sentiment of Oregon
and Washington Territory, they do not wish that
connection. I do; for if the amendment should
be adopted, it would touch an important section
of my own State. This road will be built by pri-
vate enterprise to a certainty, in time, without any
aid of the Government. It will go through a splen-
did country in Oregon, California, and Washing-
ton Territory. It is a natural route, with very few
grades. Give us this great connection with the
Atlantic States, and, in my judgment, so far as Cal-
ifornia and Washijjgton lerritory is concerned,
and I believe his own State, we shall ask no aid
of the Government to make that connection. I
should be very glad to aid in anything, if I did
not jeopardize the great measure itself, that would
look to a connection with my own State, as well
as to Lake Superior.
But, sir, so far as the Senator's arguments are
concerned with regard to the resolutions of the
Senator from Kentucky, there is this difference
between him and me: I am for both measures.
I am for this bill, and I am for those resolutions.
It would be scarcely possible for the Senator from
Kentucky to present a proposition here in favor
of the constitutional rights of the South that I
would not vote for. I will go a great deal further
in the way of protection than that Senator has
proposed to go. My position in regard to those
questions is well known, although I have never
forced them upon the Senate. I look upon the
representatives of the Pacific coast as occupying
a peculiar position here—an advisory position.
They should, if possible, throw oil on the troubled
waters, and not present opinions here when they
are not effective to accomplish good. I always
vote on the side that I think will preserve the
Union, and remove these sectional difficulties^
but there is 110 slavery within two thousand miles
of our coast, and therefore I have only once, in
my whole senatorial term, said anything on the
subject at all, and that was merely as a precau-
tionary argument against certain political move-
ments.
1 will not detain the Senate on this subject. I
shall vote for the resolutions of the Senator from
Kentucky in every form in which they shall come
up; and theyshould be madeagreat deal stronger
than he has made them, if my vote could do it.
I do not wish to interfere with those propositions;
but I look upon it that every man, woman, and
child in my State expects me to aid in the pas-
sage of this bill as it is, and I am representing the
united and unanimous sentiment of my own State.
There is myduty,and 1 must perform thatduty.
The people of that State believe that this is the
best Union-saving measure that could be brought
before the Congress of the United States.
Mr. BAKER. What has been said, Mr.Pres-
ident, in relation to this northern road, compels
me, reluctantly, to say a very few words, which
I trust my friends here, and, indeed, upon both
sides of the Chamber, will attend to. I am going
to vote for the bill as it is, as nearly as 1 can,
without any amendments or alterations; and I am
going to do so, while as I believe I represent a
constituency further north than any other gen.tle-
man upon this floor. I am going to vote against
