1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
IMS
country; territory that was earned or acquired by the com-
mon blood and common treasure of all; territory that is sus-
tained by the common treasure of all; and to say that all
shall not have an equal right there, is to deny a fact so plain,
a principle so just, a right so manifest) that 1 can hardly see
how any man who professes to be a Democrat can deny it,
or how he can attempt to embarrass the adoption of the
correct principles announced in these resolutions. I shall
therefore vote against all the amendments, and everything
that is offered to obstruct their passage, upon the ground
tliat they assert justice, that they assert triith, that they as-
sert the equality and constitutional rights of all the States,
which principle must be maintained, or this Union cannot
be preserved."
That was my doctrine then} it is the doctrine
which I have held and advocated for twenty years.
It is the doctrine I holti now; and I so notified the
Senator from Tennessee, who arraigned me here
as voting against protecting; property, and who
did me willful and gross injustice in it—for I voted
for it and he voted against it. That is to say, 1
voted against the resolution introduced by Mr.
Clingman declaring " that slave property did not
need protection in the Territories," while the Sen-
ator from Tennessee voted for it; and when the
motion was made to reconsider the vote adopting
it in lieu of the fourth resolution of the Davis se-
ries, I voted to reconsider, and the Senator from
Tennessee voted against it, showing clearly that
he was against affording that protection to slave
property which the fourth resolution provided
for. Did I not maintain the truth? Was I not
prophetic in the announcement that I made in this
Senate Chamber then? I said, that unless this
great principle of justice, of equality, of the right
of every man to the common territory should be
maintained, this Union would be broken up. This
great principle has not been maintained, but the
Union has been destroyed.
But, sir, to go to the votes. It will be borne in
mind, and every Senator on this floor will bear
me out in my statement, that while the Davis
resolutions—the series of which I speak—were
up, various propositions were made to amend
them, and I voted against all amendments. There
are Senators here at this moment'who will sus-
tain me when I say that, when in caucus and we
had under consideration this series of resolutions,
I said, and said it boldly and in plain terms, that
if every man from every southern State of this
Union would come here and say, for the sake of
peace, if you please, or any other reason,he was
willing to abandon his equality, his right in the
common territory, then, if alone, I would stand
and protest against it; protest that he had no right
to surrender a constitutional right; that none but
a coward would do it; that every man had a right
in the common territory; that it was his privilege,
and he should never surrender it with my permis-
sion. On the other hand, T said that if every north-
ern man in the Senate Chamber—nay, but even
every northern citizen—expressed a desire tosur-
renderhis right, his equality, hisprivilege,to go to
the common territories with his property, I should
enter my solemn protest against it, and insist that
he had a constitutional right to go there which he
should never surrender with my consent. Then,
how any man could assert that I ever entertained
the opinion that slavery did not need protection
from aggression, is to me the strangest, falsest
thing in nature. I said, as I have shown you, that
I had voted against all amendments, and would
continue to vote against all amendments, or any
attempt whatsoever calculated to obstruct the pas-
sage of the resolutions; for they asserted the right
of the people to go to the Territories, asserted die
power of the court to protect them in the posses-
sion of their property, and that if the court failed
to protect them, Congress should afford the neces-
sary authority to do so.
But, sir, allow me to observe: there was a res-
olution that I never voted for, and that no man can
charge me with ever having voted for. Senators
will recollect—and whoever has read the proceed-
ings of the Senate will recollect—that an amend-
ment was offered as a substitute to the fourth res-
olution, m these words:
" That the existing condition of the Territories does not
require the intervention of Congress for the protection of
properly in slaves."
[ did not vote for that resolution; but the Sen-
ator from Tennessee did. That amendment was
adopted in lieu of the fourth resolution of the series
that I have read, which insured protection to stave
property in the Territories. It was adopted not
entirely by Democratic votes; and that there may
be no mistake, I will read what the Senator from
Massachusetts said when he moved a reconsid-
eration:
" I wish simply to say that I voted for that resolution,
because J believed the condition of the Territories requires
no such law now or ever, and I do not believe in the en-
actment of any such law; but my friends on this side of
the Chamber have put that resolution in the series j and
for myself, I do not wish to be responsible for any portion
of these resolutions; and I therefore wish the vote to be
reconsidered."
This was the language of the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts, when he found that the Republicans,
united with some Democrats, had stricken out
the fourth resolution of the series, and inserted
this as a substitute. I said to Mr. Wilson on
that occasion:
" I desire merely to tender my thanks to the honorable
Senator from Massachusetts. The series of resolutions, as
introduced by the honorable Senator from Mississippi, are
germane one to the other. They are a declaration of prin-
ciples by the Democratic party. This amendment, as the
Senator has said corrcctly, has been fastened on the Dem-
ocratic resolutions by the votes of the Republican Sena-
tors. I feel grateful, indeed, to the Senator for making the
motion to reconsider. I hope the vote will be reconsidered,
and the resolution voted down."
The motion was put, and on the yeas and nays
the vote was reconsidered. I voted for the recon-
sideration, and I voted against the amendment
when it was adopted as a substitute for the fourth
resolution. Among those who voted in the af-
firmative for reconsideration were Messrs. Ben-
jamin, Brown, Chesnut, Clay, Davis, Fitjs-
patrick, Green, Gwin, Hammond, Harlan,
Hunter, Iverson, Johnson of Arkansas, and
Lane. Among those who voted against it, I find
Johnson,ofTennessee. I did not vote tocontinue
in the series a resolution that refused protection to
all thepeoplein tliecommonTcrritories. Portions
of the Journal have been paraded to show the vote
on Mr. Brown's amendment to Mr. Clingman's
amendment. I said, in several speeches, that I
should vote against all amendments, because the
series had been considered not only here, but in a
caucus composed of the Democratic Senators of
this body, and we had agreed to take them as
a whole, and to vote them through altogether if
we lmd the strength to do so. 1 voted against
every proposition to amend. I voted against Mr.
Brown's, and I voted against Mr. Cljngman's,
and I voted against every other amendment that
was calculated to weaken orembarrass the passage
of the resolutions. Yet I am represented here as
having voted against affording protection to slave
property in the Territories! I ask again, if any
Senator, if any man who can read, can say that
the fourth resolution, for which I did vote and for
which I struggled and contended, does not declare
that slave property shall be protected in the com-
mon Territories of our country. I will read it
again:
" Resolved, That neither Congross nor a Territorial Le-
gislative, whether bv direct lesislation or legislation of an
Indirect and unfriendly nature, possess the power to annul
oi impair the constitutional right of any citizen of the Uni-
ted States to take his slave property into the common ter-
ritories, but it is the duty of the Federal Government there
to afiord (or that, as lot other species of property, the need-
Jnl piotection; and it expei icnce should, at any tune, prove
that the j udiciai y doe* not possess power to m-ure adequate
piotection, it will then become the duty of Congress to
supply such deficiency.
Could anything be stronger? Could any man
desire a more direct declaiation of principles than
this? Upon the yeas and nays I voted for it. I
voted against the amendment that was adopted,
and afterwards reconsidered. How, then, can a
man arraign mo before the country as having said
upon oath, on the 25th of May last, that slave
property should not be protected in the common
Territories with other property ? I have always
held that all property should be protected, slave
as well as other property; that it should have the
same protection as, and no more protection than,
any other property. That they do not secure aU
this, is tho objection I have to the amendments to
the Constitution proposed by the peace conference.
They are ambiguous, loose, and deceptive. I do
not know that the people can comprehend them.
There will be no certainty under them; and they
would, if adopted, result in endless troubles and
litigation. I trust no amendments will ever be
made to the Constitution, unless they are made
noon principles of right, justice, and equality, so
tliat there can be no mistaice in construing them
hereafter. If we amend the Constitution, let us
do it with a view to the peace of the country, with
a view to the harmony of the country, with a view
to the security of every interest, and ofevery State
in the Union. If we could do that, and this day
amend the Constitution so as to provide epcpiessly
that every State should have equal rights in the
Territories and elsewhere within the Union, this
Confederacy would last forever, the States that
have left us would come back, and we should have
then a great and a lasting Union indeed. With-
out it, we never can have a permanent Union.
We must do something that is clearly right, or
the States that have left us will never retufn.
They never ought to return, unless they can have
the right, of equality secured to them by the Con-
stitution . I claim for my State just that which she
isentitled to,andnotaparticle more. I would con-
cede to the southern States that to which they are
entitled, and nota particle more. That they must
have, or there can be no peace,no union, no har-
mony, no security, and no perpetuity of this Con-
federacy. Such amendments to the Constitution,
securing these objects and principles, are indis-
pensable to the maintenance of the Government
as it was formed.
Then why notdo right? Why not every south-
ern man asK just that which he*is-entitled to, and
no more? lie ought to be content with nothing
short of what he is entitled to; and if he be, lie is
untrue to his section and his constituents; untrue
to the people whose servant he is; and untrue to
the institutions of the country; for the country
can exist only upon the triumph of such princi-
ples. He who is unwilling to deal fairly by the
North and the South, is a man who is guilty of
shattering and ruining the Confederacy; destroy-
ing the peace and harmony and success of this
great experiment of ours.
The doctrines asserted in the series of resolu-
tions offered by Mr. Davis have not been main-
tained; and, as a consequence, events have since
transpired detrimental to the public peace and
welfare ofthe country, and destructive ofits unity.
The Union has been in fact broken up. But, al-
though the ship is wrecked, the principles that
guided her survive—live, even in the heart of
New England. The very doctrines which I have
enunciated or advocated are laid down in the res-
olutions of the late Democratic convention of the
State of Connecticut. I send them to the Secre-
tary, and request that they be read.
The Secretary read, as follows:
"Resolved, That It is the opinion of the Democracy of
Connecticut, in convention assembled, that this Govern-
ment is a Confederacy of sovereign and independent States,
based and founded upon the equal rights of each ; and any
legislation trenching upon the great principle of their equal-
ity, is a wanton violation of the spirit and letter of the con-
stitutional compact.
" Resolved, That the present lamentable condition of the
country finds its origin in the unconstitutional acts and sec-
tional spirit of a great northern party, the principles of
whose organization deny to the people of one class of States
the enjoyment and exercise ot the same political rights
claimed and demanded by another class of States; thus
ignoring and destroying the great political truth which is
the foundation of our Government, and the vital principle
of the Constitution of the United States.
k' Resolved, That the pernicious doctrine of coercion, in-
stead of conciliation, to be applied to the scceding States,
which is now advocated and urged by the leaders of the
northern sectional pai ty, is utterly at war with the exercise
of light, leafeon, matured judgment, and the principles of the
Constitution of the United Slates, and should he strongly
resisted by eveiy lover of our common country, by every
well-u isher to the be&t interests ofthe human race, as op-
posed to the progiess and civilization of the age, asthes-uie
precursor of an internecine war, in which would be sacri-
ficed the lives of hundreds of thousands of our fellow-citi-
zens, the expenditure of countless millions ot treasure, the
destruction of the moral and commercial interests of our
people; and not onlv utterly fail of its avowed object, the
restoration ot the Union, but defeat forever its reconstruc •
tion.
" Resolved, That a restoration of good feeling between
the inhabitants of our common country should be, and is,
the paramount feeling in every patriotic heart; to that great
object should be sacrificed sectional prejudice and the spirit
of partisanship; therefore the Democracy ot Connecticut
earnestly commend to the attention of Congress the prop-
ositions of the venerable and distinguished Senator from
Kentucky; believing that the adoption thereof, or those of
a similar character, would greatly conduce to harmonize
the opinions ofthe Noith and the South, stay the progioss
of secession, and to the reconstruction of a now dissevered
Union."
Mr. LANE. Mr. President, in the State of
Connecticut the Democracy assert the correct
principle, and they charge the trouble in the coun-
try to the right quarter. I stated, on a former
occasion, that the Democracy of old Connecticut
would never join the Republican party in any at-
tempt to coerce the southern States; and 1 am now
authorized by their own declaration to say again,
what I said before, that they, like the Democracy
