1344
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March. 2.
of Oregon and of every other northern State, will
never join a party that has refused justice; that
has refused equality and right; that has refused
to protect property inlhe Territories, or wherever
the jurisdiction of the United States extends, in
putting down those who contended for their rights
and for the equality to which they were entitled.
Sir, the loyal Democracy of this country fully
understand the question, and they assert the right.
Now, sir, these great principles were not car-
ried out. The platform on which the Democracy
presented their candidates for President and Vice
President was not heeded, though based upon the
Constitution. I will say to the Senator who has
boasted of his efforts in Tennessee in behalf of the
Breckinridge ticket, that I shall notice that here-
after; but I have only to say now, that, for the
sake of the country, I would to God the ticket had
succeeded. We should then have had those prin-
ciples indorsed upon which the Government is
established, and the country would have been at
peace. For that alone I wished it to succeed;
for, sir, I say in your presence, and in the pres-
ence of all here, and before the country, that I
never saw the day when I would have tossed a
copper for either the Presidency or Vice Presi-
dency, unless it could be obtained upon princi-
ples indispensable to the maintenance of this
Union. For the sake of the country, then, I say
I regret the ticket did not succeed; otherwise, I
have no feeling about it.
I will say only a word, now, as to the amend-
ments proposed to the Constitution. I had the
pleasure of listening, yesterday, to the distin-
guished Senatorfrom Kentucky. I know his pa-
triotism and his devotion to the Union. I know
his willingness to take anything, however small,
however trifling, however little it might be, that
would, in his opinion, give peace to the country.
Sir, I am actuated hy no such feeling. We should
nevercompromise principle nor sacrifice theeternal
philosophy of justice. Whenever the Democratic
party compromised principle it laid the foundation
of future troubles for itself and for the country.
When we do, then, amend the Constitution, it
ought to be in the spirit of right and justice to all
men and to all sections. I voted for the Senator's
propositions, and I will do so again, if we can
get a vote,because there was something in them;
something that I could stand by; but there is noth-
ing in the amendments proposed by the peace con-
ference. He proposed to establish the line of 3(>°
30', and to prohibit slavery north of it and pro-
tect it south of it, m all the present territory, or
of the territory to be hereafter acquired. In that
proposition there was something like justice and
right; but there is nothing in the amendments
proposed by the peace conference that any man,
north or south, ought to take. They are a cheat;
they are a deception; they are a fraud; they hold
out a false idea; arid I think, with all due respect
to the Senator—for I have the highest regard for
him personally—that he is too anxious to heal the
trouble that exists in the country. He had bet-
ter place himself upon the right and stand by it.
Let him contend, with me, for the inalienable and
constitutional rights of every American citizen.
Let him beware of " compromising " away the
vital rights, privileges, and immunities of one
portion of the country to appease the graceless,
unrelenting, and hostile fanaticism of another por-
tion. Let him labor with me, to influence every
State to mind its own affairs, and to keep the Ter-
ritories entirely free to the enterprise of all, with
equal security and protection-—without invidious
distinctions—to the property of eveiy citizen.
Thus, and only thus, can we have peace, happi-
ness, and eternal Union.
Then the Senator from Oregon comes. He
talked flippantly about " his " people and " his "
State, and what they would do. Mr. President,
I have lived a long time in Oregon—longer than
that Senator—and I have never claimed that the
people of Oregon belonged to me. I have never
assumed to call them " my people." 1 am then-
servant, and I desire to represent them honestly
and faithfully, as I have done at all times, anil
under all circumstances. I pledge them to nothing.
"My State!" "My people!" Good God, sir!
has it come to this, that a Senator who has been
there but a short time; who can hardly claim a
residence there; who owns no house or land there;
who has paid no taxes there, or even worked upon
the public roads; who was simply imported like
a machine, to political order; who never fought a
battle to protect the emigrants and settlers, or to
prevent the Indians from committing depredations
and outrages there; should have the assurance to
get up in his place in the Senate and claim that
his "people " would trample upon the rights of
the South, and join with the Senator and his con-
freres in their fanatical ranks? I pledge the peo-
ple of Oregon to nothing. They are a free people;
they are a gallant people; they are a sensible peo-
ple; they are a patriotic people. They had the
kindness to send me to Congress,and I have served
them faithfully. They are my masters. I shall
soon be one of them. We shall soon balance ac-
counts, and I will return and be with them and
of them—an honest, industrious farmer, as most
of them are. I shall pay my taxes, and discharge
all my duties, as a citizen should; and I will Be
with them whether I am in Congress or out of
Congress.
These observations, relative to my colleague,
have been a deviation from the regular line of my
argument; but I could not avoid noticing the anx-
iety of the Senator from Kentucky to accept any-
thing, and the readiness of the Senatorfrom Oregon
to pledge his people—" my people "—to anything
that he chooses. Now, I know there are many
free people in the State of Oregon. They gen-
erally do as they please. They have no master.
No man owns them; and no man can claim to
control them. But this I am warranted in assert-
ing—for I know long, well, and intimately, the
gallant men of Oregon—that they will not be found
ready or inclined, at the Senator's and his mas-
ter's beck, to imbrue their hands, for a godless
cause, in fraternal gore.
Mr President, the principles asserted in the
resolutions adopted by this Senate, last winter,
have not been carried out. We see the conse-
quences. We see a dissevered country and a
divided Union. A number of the States have
gone off, have formed an independent Govern-
ment; it is in existence, and the States compos-
ing it will never come back to you, unless you
say in plain English, in your amendments to the
Constitution, that every State in the future Union
has an equal right to the Territories and all the
protection and blessings of this Government—
never! I tell you, sir, although some foolish men
and some wicked ones may say I am a disumon-
1st, I am for the Union upon the principles of the
Constitution, and not a traitor. None but a cow-
ard will even think me a traitor; and if anybody
thinks I am, let him test me. This Union could
exist upon the principles that I have held and that
are set forth in the Davis resolutions; but upon
no other condition can it exist. Then, sir, dis-
union is inevitable. It is not going to stop with
the seven States that are out. No, sir; my word
for it, unless you do something more than is pro-
posed in this proposition, Old Virginia will go
out, too—slothful as she lias been, and tardy as
she seems in appreciating her own interests and
her rights, and kind and generous as she has
been in inviting a pcacc congress to agree upon
measures of safety for the Union. The time will
come, however, when Old Virginia will stand
trifling and chicanery no longer. Neither will
North Carolina suffer it. None of the slave States
will endure it; for they cannot separate one from
the other, and they will not. They will go out of
this Union and into one of their own; forming a
great, homogeneous, and glorious southern con-
federacy. It is and it has been. Senators, in your
power to prevent this; it is and it has been for you
to say (you might to-day, as it is the last day, say
so,) whether the Union shall be saved or not. I
know thatgallant Old Dominion will never put up
with less than her rights; and if she should, I should
entertain for her contempt. I should feel con-
tempt for her if she were to ask for anything more
than her rights;and so I would if she were to put
up with anything less than her constitutional
rights. Then, sir, secession has taken place, and
it will go on unless we do right.
Mi. Pi e&ident, in the remarks which I made
on the 19th of December last,in reply to the Sen-
ator from Tennessee, I took the ground that a
State might rightfully secede from the Union
when she could no longer remain in Hon an equal
footing with the other States; in other words,
when her continuance as a member of the Confed-
eracy involved the sacrifice of her constitutional .
rights, safety, and honor. This right I deduced ]
from the theory of equality of the States, upon
which rests the whole fabric of our unrivaled sys-
tem of government—unrivaled, as it came from
the hands of its illustrious framers—a model as
perfect, perhaps, as human wisdom could devise,
securing to all the blessings of civil and religions
liberty, when rightly understood and propeily
administered; but like all other Governments, and
even Christianity itself, a most dangerous engine
of oppression when, having fallen into the hands
of persons strangers to its spirit, and unmindful
of the beneficent objects for which it was framed,
it is perverted from its high and noble mission to
the base uses of a selfish oijsectional ambition, or
a blind and bigoted fanaticism. I said, on that
occasion—referring to this fundamental principle
of our Government, the equality of the States—
that "as long as this equality be maintained the
Union will endure, and no longer." I might here
undertake to enforce, by argument and the author-
ity of writers on the nature and purposes of our
Government, this, to me, self-evident proposi-
tion. But I deem it unnecessary to consume the
time of the Senate in discussing that branch of the
subject.
A certain distinguished Senator, [Mr. Trum-
bull,] in language which, though parliamentary,
was not remarkable for good taste, took me to
task, a few days ago, for my frequent allusions
to " State equality." 1 will not again, if I can
help it, incur the displeasure of that Senator by
referring to a principle of the Constitution which
he affects to treat as unworthy of being discussed,
or even alluded to in this august body. It may
be quite unsenatorial for a member of this body
to refer to a great principle of the Constitution.
If so—and in the judgment of the Senator it seems
to be so—I have committed a mistake. My ex-
cuse is, that I forgot at the moment that I was
speaking since the adoption of the Chicago plat-
form, which seems, in the opinion of gentlemen
on the other side, to have superseded the Consti-
tution. I hope this will bo received as a sufficient
apology for violating the rules of this body, as un-
derstood on the Republican side of the Chamber.
1 propose, Mr. President, to confine what X
have to say in regard to the right of secession to
the question: who must judge whether such right
exists, and when it should be exercised ? Accord-
ing to the theory of every despotic Government,
of ancient or modern times, there is no such right.
A province of an empire, how much soever op-
pressed, is held by the oppressor as an integral
part of his dominions. The yoke, once fastened
on the neck of the subject, is expected, however
galling, to be worn with patience and entire sub-
mission to the tyrant's will. This is the theory
of despotism. What are its fruits? We have
seen,m modern times, some of the bloodiest strug-
gles recorded in history growing out of the asser-
tion by one party, and the denial by the other, of
this very rignt. Hungary undertook to " secede"
from the Austrian empire. Her right to do so
was denied. She constituted an integral part of
the empire—a groat "consolidated" nation, as
some consider the United States to be. Being an
integral part of the empire, according to the the-
ory of the Austrian Government, she must so re-
main forever. Austria not having the power to
enforce an acquiescence in this doctrine, Russian
legions were called to her aid; and Hungary, on
whose gallant struggle for independence the lib-
erty-loving people of this country looked with so
much admiration and sympathy, soon lay pros-
trate and bleeding at the tyrant's feet. You may
call this attempt of Hungary to regain her inde-
pendence revolution. Thatis precisely what Aus-
tria called it. I call it an effort on her part to
peaceably secede—to peaceably dissolve her con-
nection with a Government which, m her judg-
ment, had become intolerably unjust and oppress-
ive. Her oppressors told her it was not her prov-
ince but theirs, to judge of her alleged grievances;
that to acknowledge the right of secession would
strike a fatal blow at the integrity of the empire,
which could be maintained only by enforcing the
pet feet obedience of each and every part.
We have, in the recent struggle of the Italian
States, an instructive commentary on the now
mooted questions of secession and coercion. In-
deed, history, through all past ages, is but a re-
cord of the efforts of tyrants to prevent the recog-
nition of the doctrine, that a people deeming
themselves oppressed might peaceably absolve
