THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONG-BESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. 0.
Thirty-Sixth Congress, 2d Session.
MONDAY, MARCH 4, 1861.
New Series No. 85,
themselves from allegiance to their oppressors.
When our Government was formed, our fathers
fondly thought that they had made a great im-
provement on the despotic systems of modern Eu-
rope. They saw the infinite evil resulting from
coercing the unwilling obedience of a subject to
a Government which he abhorred and detested.
They accordingly declared the great truth, never
enunciated until then, that " Governments derive
all their just power from the consent of the gov-
erned." A Government without such consent
they held to be a tyranny.
Now, Mr. President, this brings us to the very
point in issue. Who is to determine whether this
consent is given or withheld? Must it be de-
termined by <tke ruler? If so, the proposition just
•stated is an absurdity. Clearly it was the mean-
ing of those who enunciated this great truth, that
the subjects of a Government have the right to
dcclare or withhold their consent; otherwise no
such right exists* They, and they only, must
judge whether their rights are protected or vio-
lated. If protected, every consideration of interest
and safety impels them to consent to live under
a Government which secures the blessings they
desire. If, on the other hand, in their judgment,
their most sacred rights are violated, interest and
honor, and the instinct of self-preservation, all
conspire to impel them to withhold their consent;
which being withheld, the Government, so far as
they are concerned, ceases.
Hero 1 would call the attention of the Senate tn
the first of the Kentucky resolutions of 1798-'99,
written by Mr. Jefferson, in which he says dis-
tinctly, that the parties to a political compact must
judge for themselves of the mode and measure of
redress, when they consider the compact violated
and their rights invaded:
"Resolved, That tlie seveial States composing the Uni-
ted States of America, are not united on the pnnciple of
unlimited Mibmi^ion to their Gcneiai Government; but
that by compact, tinder the style and title of a Constitution
.for the United States, and of amendments thereto, they
constituted a General Government tor special purposes,
delegated to that Government certain definite powers, re-
serving, each State to itself, the le&iduary mass of right to
then own self government; and that whensoever the Gen-
eral Government assumes undelegated powers, its acts arc
unauthoritative, void, and o t 110 loice ; that to this compact
each State acceded as a State, and is an uitegial p.irt> ;
that thii Government, created by this compact, wus not
made the exclusive or final judge of the extent of the pow-
ers delegated to itself, since that would have made its dis-
ci eliou, and not the Constitution, the juea-^uie ot ttspowei •
-but that, as in ail other cases of compact among patties
having no common judge, each party ha-« an equal light to
jud*«? tor itself, as well ot infractions as ot the mode and
measuic ol iedic~3."
Here Mr. Jefferson asserts that a State aggrieved
shall judge not only of the mode, but the measure
of redress. Is this treason? If the measure of
redress extends to secession, how can the Senator
from Tennessee [Mr. Johnson] do less than de-
nounce the great apostle of liberty—as Mr. Jeffer-
son has been called—a traitor?
No less clear and explicit on this point, is the
language of Mr. Madison. Being chairman of a
committee to whom the subject was lefuricd—the
resolutions having been returned by several of the
.States—he says 111 his report:
" It appeals to youi committee to be a plain principle,
founded m common ^ense, illustrated by common practice,
and evssntial to the natuie of compacts, that where ie-oit
can be had to no tubunat >upenor to the ainhomy of the
parties, the parties themselves muot be the ughtful judge*,
in the last ies ort, whether the baigom made has been pur-
sued or violated. The Constitution of the tinted States
was formed by the sanction of the States, given by each in
its sovereign capacity. It adds to the stability, and dignity,
us well as to the authority.ot the Constitution, tli.it it i csts
on this legitimate and solid foundation. The States, then,
being the parties to the constitutional compact, and m their
sovereign capacity, it follows, of necesMty. tlm there can
be no ttibuna) above their authority, to decide, in the last
resort, whether the compact made by them be violated, and
consequently that, a-thepaitie^toit, they mustthem^e'ves
decide, in the U-st revolt, such questions as may be of sufn-
■cient magnitude to requite their inteiposition."
In the remarks which I made on the 19th of
December last, I referred to the fact that Virginia,
in accepting the Constitution, declared that the
powers granted under that instrument " being de-
rived from the people of the United States, may
be resumed by them whensoever the same shall
be perverted to their injury or oppression." I
referred, also, to the fact that New York had
adopted the Constitution upon the same condition
and with the same reservation. I may here quote
the language of Mr. Webster, distinctly recog-
nizing the right of the people to change their Gov-
ernment whenever their interest or safety require
it. He
" We see, therefore, from the commencement of the Gov-
ernment under which we live, down to this late act of the
State of New Yoik''—
To which he had just referred—
"one uniform current of law, of precedent, and of practice,
all going to establish the point that changes in Government
aie to he brought about by the will of the people, assembled
under such legislative provisions as may be necessaij' to
ascertain that will tiuly and authentically."
If the people of a State, believing themselves
oppressed, undertake to establish a Government,
independent of that to which they formerly owed
allegiance, and the latter interferes with the move-
ment, and employs force to prevent such a con-
summation, no one who acknowledges the great
truth that the basis of all free government is the
" consent of the governed," will deny that such
interference is an act of usurpatiou and tyianny.
Those only who bonow their ideas of political
justice from the despotic codes of Europe, and are
more imbued with the spirit of Metternich and
Bomba than of Jefferson and Madison, will attempt
to justify, palliate,or excuse such violation of the
sacred rights of the people. I have observed that
often the noisiest champions of popular rights are
the first to trample those rights under foot. The
word "freedom" is continually on the tongues of
gentlemen on the other side of the Chamber; and
I belie\e the Senator from Tennessee has been
suspectcd of a decided leaning to ograrianism, so
zealous has he been in advocating the lights, so
entirely devoted is he to the interests, of the " dear
people." But now, when the people of the seced-
ing States have pronounced, in tones of thunder,
the fiat which absolves tliem from allegiance to a
Government which they no longerrespect or love,
these samegentlemen all lift their hands in horror,
roll up the whites of their eyes, as did old Lord
North many years ago, and exclaim " Treason!"
"Treason!" Then, boiling with patriotic rage,
they rise up and declare that " this treason must
be punished; the laws must be enforced." His-
tory tells us that this was the language of King
George and Lord North when the colonies re-
nounced their allegiance to the mother country.
The former of these worthies, we are told, spent
much of his life m a state of mental darkness—
in other words, lie was a lunatic. The other re-
ceived from nature a narrow intellect, and inher-
ited prejudices common to the aristocracy of that
period and of all other periods of the world's his-
tory. Their errois were the natural offspring of
incapacity and the false teaching received m their
youth. While, therefore, we cannot admire or
approve their conduct, these circumstances incline
us more to sorrow than to anger, disarm our re-
sentment, and dispose us to forgive what, under
other circumstances, would deserve the severest
censure.
But what excuse can we find for the peculiar
champions of popular rights in this Chamber;
these zealous servants of the people, forever ring-
ing in our cars " Let the voice of the people be
heai d; rcspect the will of the people; vox populi
vox Dei /" Sir, I say, too, let the voice of the peo-
ple be heard and respected. And I think, for the
sake of consistency with all my past professions
as a Democrat, i am bound to respect the declared
will of the sovereign States which, for reasons
satisfactory to themselves, have seceded from the
Union and established a separate and independ-
ent government. Whatever the causes may have
been which impelled them to a separation from
the other States, i am bound to respect the ex-
pression of their sovereign will; and I heartily
re pi o bate the policy of attempting to thwart that
will under the pretense of "punishing treason"
and " enforcing the laws." We are told that the
design is to attempt nothing more than to collect
the revenue in the ports of the seceded States.
To say nothing of the justice or injustice o-f the
attempt so to do, I ask Senators from the North
and the Senator from Tennessee, will it pay1?
Will it not be a declaration of war against the
seceding States, involving the people of all the
States in a long and bloody conflict, ruinous to
both-sections? Are their ethics not the ethics of
the school-boy pugilist, "Knock the chip off my
shoulder?"
One of the framers of the Constitution, whose
expositions of that instrument all classes, all par-
ties, have heretofore received, and still receive,
or pretend to receive, with profound deference and
respect, has left on record his views of the injus-
tice, impracticability, and inefficacy of force as a
means of coercing States into obedience to Fed-
eral authority. The subject being under consid-
eration in the convention which framed the Con-
stitution—
" Mr. Madison observed, that the more he reflected on
the use of force, the more he doubted the practicability, the
justice, and the eflicacy of it, when applied to people col-
lectivcly, and not individually. a Union of the States con-
taining such an ingredient, seemed to provide for its own
destruction. The use of force against a State would look
more like a declaration of war than an infliction of pun-
ishment, and would probably be considered by the party at-
tacked as a dissolution of all previous compacts by which
it m ight be bound, fie hoped that such a system would be
fiamed as might render this resouice unnecessary, and
moved that the clause be postponed."—Madison Papers,
Debates in the Federal Convention, vol. 5, p. 140.
Among the statesmen of the Revolution—those
who participated in the formation of our Govern-
ment—there was no one who had such exalted
notions of the power and dignity of the Federal
Government, as the great Hamilton. He was a
consolidationist. The advocates of coercion might
naturally expect to obtain "aid and comfort"
from the recorded declarations of one of his pe-
culiar political faith. But an examination of his
writings will show, that instead of favoring co-
ercion, instead of being the advocate of force, he
was the advocate of leniency and conciliation to-
wards refractory States, and deprecated a resort
to force as madness and folly. He said, in a
debate on this subject:
14 It lias been observed, to coerce the States Is one of the
maddest projects that was ever devised. A failure of com-
pliance will never be confined to a single State. This be
ingthe case, can we suppose it wise to hazard a civil war?
Suppose Massachusetts, or any large State, should refuse,
and Congress should attempt to compel them, would they
not have influence to piocure assistance, especially from
those States which aie in the same situation as themselves ?
What picture does this idea present to our view ? A com-
plying State at war with a non-complying State ; Congress
marching the troops of one State into the bosom of another;
this State collecting auxiliaries, and foiming, perhaps, a
majority against it<* Fedeial head. Here is a nation at war
with itself. Can any reasonable man be well disposed to-
waids a Govci mnent which makes war and carnage the only
j means of s-uppoitirig itself—a Government which can exist
! only bv the swoirt? Evcrv such war must involve the in-
nocent with the guilty. This single consideration should
be >utTieient to dispose eveiy peaceable citizen against &uch
a Government.'*—Elliot's Debates, vol. 2, p. 233.
I might cite other authorities on this point Rut
these are enough. If the great names of Madison
and Hamilton have not sufficient weight to restrain
the madness of those who urge a coercive policy
against the seceding States, then, indeed, I see no
escape from that most dreadful of all calamities
which can befall a nation—civil war. If those in
this Chamber who talk so flippantly of war, had
seen, as it has been my lot to see, some of its
actual horrors, they might, perhaps, heed the
warnings and respect the counsels of the sages
and patriots whose language I have quoted. They
would at least refrain from ungenerous insinua-
tions against the patriotism ot those noithetn
Democrats, who, like myself, reprobate the policy
of coercion as destructive of the peace, the pros-
perity, and happiness of every part of the country,
north as well as south.
But to return to the remarks of the Senator from
Tennessee. In the pamphlet report of his speech,
page 7. Jefferson is quoted; but the concluding
part of the quotation is repeated in the Globe re-
port and not in that of the pamphlet. That partis:
"When two panic? make a compact, there results to
each a power of compelling the other to execute it."
