1861,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1347
pie were, by the compromise of 1820, cut off from
emigrating with their property to any of the Loui-
siana territory north oi 3G° 30'. And when the
treaty of 1603 was made, all Louisiana territory
was slaveholding, find the right was undisputed
of migrating from one part of it to another with
slaves; nor was th^re any pretense of right as-
serted in this country to exclude slavery fiom
any part of it; so that the people of Louisiana
have a peculiar right, or a special provocation, to
secede.
Mr. President, the Senator from Tennessee
complains of my remarks on his speech. He com-
plains of the tone and temper of what I said. He
complains that I replied at all, as 1 was a noi thorn
Senator. Mr. President, 1 am a citizen of this
Union, and a Senator of the United States. My
residence is in the North, but I have never seen
the day, and I never shall, when 1 will refuse
justice as readily to the South as to the North. I
know nothing but my country, the whole coun-
try, the Constitution, and the equality ot the
States—the equal nglitof every man in the com-
mon territory of the whole country; and by that
I shall stand.
The Senator complains that I replied at all, as
I was a northern Senator, and a Democrat whom
he had supported at the last election for a high
office. Now, I was, as i stated at the time, sur-
prised at the Senator's speech—because 1 under-
stood it to be for coercion, as 1 think it was by
almost everybody else cxcept, as we are now told,
by the Senator himself; and 1 still think itamount-
ed to a coeicion speech, notwithstanding; the soft
and plausible phrases by which he describes it—a
speech for the execution of the laws and the pro-
tection of the Federal pioperty. Sir, iftheicis,as
1 contend, die right of secession, then, whenever a
State exercises that liffht, this Government has no
laws in that State to execute, nor has it any prop-
erty in any such State that can be piotected by the
power of tins Government. In attempting, ho.v-
ever, to substitute the smooth phrases of exe-
cuting the laws'* and "protecting public prop-
erty'5 for coercion, for civil war, we have an
important concession, i. e., that this Government
dare not go before the people with a plain avowal
ot its real purposes, and of their consequences.
No, sir-, the policy is to inveigle the people of the
North into civil war, by masking the design in
smooth and ambiguous terms. Tint the Senator
is surprised that 1. as a northern Senator, should
have replied to hinisitall. It was because I was
astonished that he, as a southern Senator, should
make the speech he did. He is surprised that I,
as a Democrat, shouid reply to him. It was
because 1 was mortified that he, as a Democrat,
should make the speech he did.
But in the veiyclo.se of his speech, he referred
to the northern Democrats, of whom 1 am one,
and complimented us on our defense of southern
Hijhfs, and ur<red that we should not be deserted
by the secession of our southern friends. But
then he left the inference veiy clear that we were
to aid this Government, soon to be Black Repub-
lican, m enforcing the laws against what 1 believe
to be the constitutional rignts of the southern
seceding States. Sir, 1 thought no time was to
be lost in giving Imn and the country notice that
we would do no such thing; that we were not
going to be the tools, the hangmen, or the execu-
tioners of brethren foi the gratification of fanat-
ics. that we would not be their allies, or his allies,
m the incendiary and unnatural scheme of deso-
lating the South,our fellow-men and fellow-Dem-
ocrats. As for the services which the Senator
from Tennessee parades and recites, in the Sate
presidential canvass in ins State, so far as they
were rendered to our party, or in any degree for
my peisot.al benefit, J am duly giatcful; Kit I must
be'permitted to say, that if in his speeches m that
contest he advanced such doctrines as he now
proclaims, I am not so much surprised that we
were, defeated in that State. And as for the inti-
mation of .the Senator, that m replying to him
the other day 1 acted at the instance of other
Senators here, or persons elsewhere,or that 1 had
any understanding or concert with them, it is ut-
tei ly uiiK'iiitia d.
Now, mi, 1 want it distinctly understood, as I
have aJieady shown, that duimg tile last session
J stood firmly by the Davis lesohitions. I voted
against every amendment. 1 voted against an
amendment that he voted for, because I believed
it was partial, and did not do justice. That Sena-
tor, with those declarations before him, supported
the ticket on which 1 ran in Tennessee. He
ought not to have deceived the people, or him-
self, and it was not my fault if he did; for he saw
published in every paper here a telegraphic dis-
patch from me to one of the delegates from Ore-
gon at Charleston, during the sitting of the Charles-
Ion convention. He asked me what Oregon should
do; and in that dispatch I told him to go with the
States that stood by the Constitution; to stand by
them to the last. That was the basis on which I
stood. The Senator knew what I said here; he
knew the nature of my votes here; he knew what
1 said in that dispatch; lie knew what I said in
my speeches, and in the letter accepting the nom-
ination. If he told the people that I was in favor
of submitting to the rule of a party that would
refuse justice and equality in this country, he de-
ceived the people. I contend for the right, and
will not submit to wrong. If the Senator, m his
speeches in Tennessee, represented me as a sub-
missjonist to a wrong, to injury, to inequality, he <
presented me in acowaidly position, that I would
not occupy for any consideration. I speak for
myself. 1 say it is a position I would never oc-
cupy in Tennessee, Oregon, or anywhere else. I
intend to stand by the right. If every man in
every State should be servile enough to refuse to
contend for their lights, I alone will contend for
all they aie entitled to; nothing more and nothing
less.
The Senator on that occasion looked at me,
pointed in my direction, and made remarks not
becoming a Senatoi—remarks that have been too
often made on this floor, and that no gentleman
ever would make. He said he hud struck treason
a blow. The mighty Senator ftom Tennessee
struck tieason a blow ! To \\ hom did he allude?
He said he saw the commotion on this side of the
House; lie saw the books being brought in; he
saw that 1 was to reply to him. Sir, if the woid
"treason " was to be applied by him or any other
man to me, I would say, you are a cowaid that
cannot maintain it. Sir, I cannotcxpress my con-
tempt ot the man who would so insinuate, even
m thought. A drop of treason never ran m my
veins. At an hour's notice, when working in a
cornfield for the support of my family, when 1
heard that Indiana had been called on for troops,
I offeied my services; and I did not look upon
my family from ten minutes after I had received
the notice until 1 had gone through bloody battles;
until 1 had carried home with me evidence of my
devotion to the Union. Does the Senator dare
to charge treason upon me? I think not; for no
gentleman would have the temerity to do it. I
might go on and say that I entered that service as
a private, with my knapsack on my back, and I
came home out of the service with the tank of
Major Genera! in tlm Army. I earned it on the
battle field. On the battle field I lost almost the
last drop of my blood without a murmur, m the
service of my country. Who, then, is he that
would dare have the brazen effrontery to charge
me with treason to my country—a country which
I have loved from my infancy, which my father
fought for, and which I Inue never failed tofi^ht
for m> self? I never will fail to meet the foe of my
country, or to bleed in her cause, while I am able.
Though my arm is not as strong as it once was,
though my'linibs may not be now supple or clastic
; as in youth,! am yet able, when my country shall
: need my services, to offer them; and I shall be
! the first"to do it on any just occasion; but never
against one of the States of this Union who has
left it because justice has been denied to her. No,
sir; never!
Then, sir, whom could the Senator from Ten-
nessee refer to. Could he allude to my friend
Dam*.? Sir, 1 saw hioi on the battlefield. I was
looking right m his face when he was wounded.
1 saw a shudder pass over him as the bullet struck
him, precisely at the side-end of his spur, and
passed through the center of his heel. There was
perceptible simply a shudder; but not a murmur;
just a shudder for the instant, when struck by the
bullet; but never, for a moment, did he lose sight
of the enemy or the Hag, but struggled -m through
the bailie to" tlu* cud, following the glorious stars
aod s.ripes, that emblem of the Union, that em-
blem of the Constitution, that embJem of protec-
tion to every State of the Confederacy under the
Constitution, as gallantly as ever did mortal man;
and vet upon this floor there are some base enough
to allude to him as a traitor. Mr. President, _
have not words to express my contempt for any
man that can apply such a term to such a man'as
Jefferson' Davis. Jefferson Davis a traitor i
Treason applied to him! He, the purest and
bravest of patriots! He fought for his flag and
country when the cowards and poltroons that now;
dare villify him were supine at home. He will
live glorious m history when they are earth and
forgotten. Sir, this 44 treason" of our seceding
brethren does not fall within the definition given
by Hudibras to that ciimc; for the South flourishes
and prospers. The people who have seceded from
the Union, and have formed a government of their
own, are charged with treason. I will tell gentle-
men they will have more than ordinary difficulty
to contend with when they invade the rights of
that government. But to procecd with my argu-
ment.
Now, sir, in reference to that speech of the Sen-
ator, it was, as I regard it, an unnatural speech.
It was a bad speech; and did more to strengthen
the Black Republican party than all the speeches
of all the Senators on the other side of the Cham-
ber during this session. But for that speech, we
should have had a settlement of the difficulty be-
fore this. It went to the country, and made the
people believe that the " giant" Senator fi om Ten-
nessee was for coercion. It was complimented
and eulogized by the Republican press, and in
pamphlet form circulated by hundreds of thou-
sands throughout the North. And the distin-
guished Senator from New York speaks of hint
as the " noble" Senator from Tennessee. Noble
for what? Noble for his abandonment of the
rights of the States; noble for the abandonment
of the rights of his section; noble for aiding and
assisting a party who lefusc justice to the citizens
of the South ?
But the Senator from Tennessee proceeded with
an air and tone of great triumph to bring forward
my vote on the amendments proposed to the Davis
resolutions. I think 1 have said ail that it is ne-
cessary for me to say upon that subject. 1 have
shown that I voted for them under all circum-
stances, and against every amendment. Those
resolutions assert the rightof propertyin the Ter-
ritories, and that when the courts fail to alford
protection, then it is the duty of Congress to come
forward and provide that protection. I wished to
put slave property upon the same footingas other
property. That is where I then stood, where I
now stand, and where I intend to stand. The Sen-
ator asks, with a kind of triumphant air, what
has happened since that day? Mr. President, I
have said that 1 have done all in my power, by
standing firm to the resolutions agreed to by the
Democratic party, to afford protection. The Sen-
ator misrepresented my vote on those resolutions.
I never voted against the Davis resolutions, nor
did their substitute ever come up as a separate
proposition. It was an amendment te one of that
scries of resolutions I voted against; and I would
vote against anything and everything that would
embairass their passage, for they contained just
what I thought was right, and just what he did
not vote foi; but, as I have already shown, he
voted to substitute instead thereof a proposi-
tion which was unsatisfactory and inadequate—
neither satisfactory to me, to the Democratic
masses and Representatives, nor to the South.
The Senator from Tennessee, with great ex-
ultation, asks, if protection was not necessary
then, what has happened since to make it so, and
to break up the Union for the want of it ? What
has happened since ? Why,a thing has happened
that never happened before. The denial of any
and all protection to slave property m any and in
all the territory; the denial ot the right to take
slave property 'to any of them has been proclaimed
and affirmed at the ballot-box by a majority of
the States and a majority of the electoral votes of
this Union. And yet the Senator has the cool-
ness to ask what has happened, and to make merry
with the question, and have the? sympathetic mer-
iment of the Republican Senators. What has
happened? Why, the thing has happened that
has been three times before attempted, and three
tunes before failed; the first attempt having en-
dangered the fomiation of the Union, and the
second and third its continuance. The first at-
tempt was made m 1784, to exclude slavery from
all the Territories, it was abandoned in 1787 by
