1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
have a short executive session, I will not make
the motion without the Senator's consent. Can
I raake that motion?
Mr. LATHAM. I hope this amendment will
be disposed of before the Senator malces that mo-
tion. It will take but a moment.
Mr. GREEN. You cannot get through this
bill to-night.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator insist on his motion.
Mr. GREEN. I have no right to make the
motion without the consent of the Senator from
New Hampshire.
Mr. CLARK. If I supposed this amendment
•would take any time, I would give way; but I
should prefer to have a vote on the amendment.
I simply want to make a suggestion, and inquire of
the honorable Senator from North Carolina if he
does not desire this road, if it is built, and if it goes
into operation, to continue to exercise its privil-
eges and do the business so long as it may be
found for the public good? I think he will say
certainly he does. He says at the end of a certain
time they may sell out. Then I ask him why
should he desire them to sell out?
Mr. BRAGG. If the Senator will allow me, I
will answer that inquiry which he puts to me.
Mr. CLARK. Certainly.
Mr. BRAGG. I do not know what may occur.
Every d-ay's experience here—and thatexperiencc
has been a very short one—the experience of my
whole life, I am sure, teaches me that, to grant
powers which you cannot afterwards reclaim, is
a thing that ought always to be done sparingly
and cautiously. Now, sir, I know not what power
this corporation or these corporations may acquire.
I know not how they may wield or exorcise
them. I have said that, in a certain contingency,
it might become a great, monstrous, overspread-
ing, powerful corporation, that would wield and
exercise an influence in the country that has never
been wielded or exercised here before. I want
some check npon it. I do not want it to exist
forever—not that I would destroy the road, not
that I would break it up at all; but at the end of
that time, we should be enabled to see how these
powers had been exercised. If they had been
abused, why, of course, this combination and
this power would be broken up, and new checks
and new guarantees would be placed over it. I
have no idea the road will be broken up at all. It
might go into new hands; but a great highway
of this kind, when once in operation, I submit to
the honorable Senator there is not the slightest
danger that it would ever come to an end.
We are talking now about the public. That is
a matter which may concern the stockholders:
but so far as the public is concerned, I have never
known,and I venture to say the Senator has never
known, a railroad once built, although the first
company who built it proved to be insolvent, which
was not kept going. I luivc known several instances
of failure; 1 have known cases of railroads gom^
down entirely; but they have always been recon-
structed under some new company, perhaps with
some modified powers. But as for their ceasing
to be public highways, such a thing as that, 1
think, never has existed in the country, and never
will occur. That is my answer.
Mr. CLARK. Mr. President, it seems to me
when we have provided in this bill that these
charters shall be submitted to our approval before
this grant could take effect, we guard against any
abuse that may be contained in those charters.
Then, if we were to provide in this bill that this
grant shall be made upon condition that the Con-
gress shall have power to legislate to correct
abuses, we put a much more effectual guard upon
it, and one which may operate earlier than tlie
one suggested by the honorable Senator from
North Carolina.
Mr. BRAGG. Does the Senator think Con-
gress has such power?
Mr. CLARK. I think it may make the grant
upon the condition that they shall not take the
benefit of this grant unless on those terms.
Mr. BRAGG. There is nothing of that kind
in the bill now.
Mr. CLARK. I know there is nothing of that
kind in the bill now, but there should be before it
passes; because they can just as well take the grant
upon the terms that Congress shall have the right
to correct abuses, as they can upon the terms that
Congress shall have the right to put an end to it
at the end of fifty or one hundred years—just pre-
cisely as much in one case as the other. 1 think
it is for the advantage of the Government to have
as good a charter as possible, and to have it as
long as possible, so that it shall not be subjected
to interruptions. Now, I will submit to the hon-
orable Senator to let this amendment go for the
present, and sec if we cannot insert one of that
kind in the bill.
Mr. BRAGG. I will withdraw the amendment
with a great deal of pleasure.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment is withdrawn.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I desire to offer an amend-
ment in accordance with some remarks 1 made
the other day, for the purpose of relieving this
bill of the feature of monopoly stamped upon its
face, and leaving the right to subscribe to this
corporation open to the public, instead of being
confined to those persons only named in the bill,'
or their friends. I propose to strike out, in the
thirty-fourth and thirty-fifth lines of the first sec-
tion, the words, "a majority of sucii grantees'
shall admit as their associates, "and to insert the
words, "shall choosc to associate with them, and
become with them subscribers and corporators
for that purpose, as hereinafter provided." The
purpose of that amendment is to allow outsiders
to choose whether they will come m, instead of
leaving the insiders to choosc whom they will ex-
clude.
Mr. SEWARD. I ask for the yeas and nays
on the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, January 15, 1861.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas H. Stocktojc.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
TELEGRAPHIC NIGHT SIGNALS.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a report from the Secretary of
the Navy, concerning the Coston telegraphic night
signals, called for by resolution of the House of
Representatives, of 9th January, ifc>61; which was
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs, and
ordered to be printed.
INDIAN DEFICIENCIES EIGHTH CENSUS.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from the
Secretary of the Interior, transmitting estimates
for deficiencies in the Indian service, and for the
expenses of taking the eighth annual census;
which was referred to the Committee of Ways
and Means, and ordered to be printed.
REPORT OK THE COMMITTEE OF THIRTY-THREE.
Mr. SHERMAN. I notice from the reading
of the Journal thut the icport of the special com-
mittee of thirty-three was made the special order
for next Monday. I desire that it shall be the
special order only after the morning hour, so that
the ordinary business may go on. I understand
that that was the understanding of the House
yesterday. •
Mr. FLORENCE. It was so stated.
The SPEAKER. If there be 110 objection, it
will be understood that the special order will be
only after the morning hour.
There was no objection*.
TERRITORIAL BUSINESS.
Mr. GROW.* To-day was set apart for terri-
torial business. I find myself now in a worse
predicament even than I was the other day. It
was agreed that three days should be allowed for
debate on the Army bill, and gentlemen ure, of
course, very anxious to improve that time. I
am not disposed to interfere with the wish of the
House in that regard. I ask, therefore, that
Tuesday and Wednesday, two weeks from to-
day and to-morrow, be set apart for the consider-
ation of territorial business, provided that the
special order for next week be disposed of by
that time, and if not, the two days immediately
succeeding those.
There being no objection, it was so ordered.
OREGON AND WASHINGTON WAR DEBT.
Mr, STOUT. I ask the unanimous consent of
the House to offer the following resolution: -
Resolved, That the bill of this House for the paymentof
the Oregon and Washington war debt be made tile special
order for Tuesday, the 24th instant.
Mr. MAYNARD. I must object to that.
Mr. STOUT. I hope the gentleman will not
interpose any objection of that kind, but will let
the bill come up and be disposed of. If it h to
be defeated—if we are to be denied the payment
of this debt—let it be done after a fair and legiti-
mate hearing of the ease before the House. The
gentleman knows that the State which is asking
the payment of this just debt is represented upon
this floor by a single Representative; and I am
not prepared to meet the kind of opposition which
the gentleman seems disposed to urge to the bill.
I (rust he will not insist upon opposition of this
character, but will meet the question on its mer-
its.
Mr. MAYNARD. I honor the gentleman
from Oregon for the zeal with which he urges the
interests of his constituents; and I bear ray tes-
timony with pleasure to his Zealand fidelity; but,
from my knowledge of the nature of these claims,
I should be doing injustice to myself if I did-not
object to his resolution.
Mr. STOUT. It requires unanimous consent
to have the resolution acted upon at this time, I
believe.
The SPEAKER. It <
THE CRITTENDEN COMPROMISE.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. I ask the unan- f
imous consent of the House to present a memo- - *
rial from twelve thousand citizens of Baltimore,
of all political parties, praying the passage of the
resolutions introduced by Mr. Crittenden in the
Senate. I hope the House will allow mo to say
that if they desire to tranquilizc the public minu,
and to immortalize themselves, they cannot doit
more effectually than by the passage of these
resolutions.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Is debate
in order?
The SPEAKER. It is not in order.
The memorial was laid upon the table.
STATE OF CALIFORNIA.
Mr. BURCH, by unanimous consent, submit-
ted the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Territories he in-
structed to inquire into tlio necessity and propriety of so
extending the eastern boundary Ime of the State of Cali-
fornia as to include within the limits and jurisdiction of
said State th«u poition of western Utah known as Washoe;
and, if deemed expedient, to roport a hill therefor,
PAY OF A STENOGRAPHER.
Mr. BARR, by unanimous consent, submitted
the following resolution; which was read, con-
sidered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee of Accounts audit the
accounts of the stenographer employed by the select com-
mittee appointed on the iHJth of March, 1860, to investigate
the contract for work on store JSo. 12 Broad street, New
Yoifc, at the late of four dollais a day,, for the time that he
wa-s employed by said committee.
Mr. DUNN. I desire to present the proceed-
ings of a public meeting in my district.
Mr. WASI-IBURNE, of Illinois. I object; all
these proceedings can be presented under the
rules.
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. SHERMAN". I move that the rules be
suspended, and the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Wasiibuhne, of Illinois, in the chair,) and
resumed the consideration of the Army appro-
priation bill, upon which Mr. Reagan was enti-
tled to thu floor.
Mr. REAGAN. Mr. Chairman, we stand in the
presence of great events. When Congressassem-
bled some weeks ago, the control of the condition
of the country was m its hands. I came here with
a full knowledge of the deep discontent that pre-
vailed in a portion of the States, and I felt then sat-
isfied—as all must be satisfied now—that they in-
tended to insist unconditionally and unalterably
