1350
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
will be competent for the Senate to act on, and
consider finally, any of the propositions which
are before us; but without that, we shall be at the
mercy of a solitary member of ihe body. I there-
fore suggest u  the Senator fiom Tennessee, that
he permit a motion for a temporary postponement
of the question now before the body for the pur-
pose of taking up the resolutions suspending the
26th rule, in order that we may ascertain what
the Senate is determined to do.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. -I presume
there wilt beobjection to the adoption of that res-
olution,
Mr. SUMNER. Of course there will.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. If the Senate
is disposed to adopt it, I have no objection to giv-
ing way simp! y for the action of the Senate u pon it.
Mr. SUMNER. It will be objected to.
Mr. BIGLER. There may be objection with-
out any tedious debate. I expect objection.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. So far as I am
concerned, it is my purpose to occupy the atten-
tion of the Senate for but a very short time. I
deem it unnecessary to address the Senate at much
length; and it is even painful for me to be com-
pelled, by the peculiar circumstances of the case,
to make even a few remarks. I should not occupy
the time of the Senate, if I did not feel that it was
a duty to myself, and a derty to the country. [" Go
on 1"]
Mr. BIGLER. Then, I understand the Sena-
tor will not yield the floor for the purpose indi-
cated.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I understand
there is to be objection. The question is to bo
discussed. I do not think I shall occupy more
than twenty minutes.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Polk in
the chair.) Before the Senator pioceeds, will he
allow the Chan to piesent certain House bills to
the Senate ?
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. Yes, sir.
SILVER FLOUIN OF AUSTRIA.
The bill (H. R. No. 1007) declaring the value
of the new silvei iloiin of Austria was read the
first tim<' by its title.
Mr. PEARCE. That bill, which has come
from the House «f Representatives, relates to a
subject which has been discussed in the Finance
Committee, by whom I was instructed to report
a bill to the same effect. 1 had ihebili prepared;
but learning that the House of Representatives
had passed such a bill, I did not present it to the
Senate. I now ask that the Senate take up the
House bill, with a view to us passage. 1 think,
after a brief explanation, thuie will be no objec-
tion to passing it.
The bill was read a second time, and consid-
ered as m Committee of tin* Whole.
Mr. PEARCE. The value of the florin of
Austria, by the act of 1840, was, for computations
at the custom-house, fixed at forty-eight and a half
cents; but within the last two or three years the
Empire of Austi ia has had a monetary convention
with the States of the German Customs Union,
the result of which has been the alteration of their
standard of value, so that the new Austrian florin
now is only forty-six and nineteen hundredths
cents; and lor the convenience of computations at
the custom-house, it is desirable that we should
declare by statute that to be its value. The bill
in question does so in as few words as possible,
and 1 liope it will be put on its passage.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
a third leading, read the third time, and passed.
MESSAGE FROM THIS HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Forney, its Clerk, announced that the
House had passed the following joint resolutions
of the Senate:
A joint resolution (No. C4) for the appointment
of regents of the Smithsonian Institution; and
A joint resolution (No. 65) authorizing W. H.
Smiley, United States commercial agent at the
Falkland Inlands, to rcceive a telescope tendered
to him by the Belgian Government.
ItEL'OivXS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. RICE, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, to whom was referred the
bill (H. R. No. &33) for the relief of Eben Adams,
asked to be discharged fiom its fmther consider-
ation; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 558) for the relief of
Divine & Kennedy, contractors for carrying the
mails on route No. 7213, asked to be discharged
from its further considei ation; which was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Forney, its Clerk, announced that the
House had passed the following bills of the Senate:
A bill (No. 502) for the relief of Taylor Dud-
ley, of Minnesota;
A bill (No. 490) for the relief of Eliza B. Mills,
widow of Robert Mills;
A bill (No. 459) for the relief of Commander
Thomas J. Page, United States Navy;
A bill (No. 524) authorizing the Secretary of
the Treasury to issue a register to the schooner
Perseverance, ofOgdensburg, State ofNew York;
A bill (No. 5G8) for the relief of Leslie Combs
and Robert H. Crittenden, sureties of the late A.
J.Mitchell,pursenn the United StatesNavy; and
A bill (No. 561) for the relief of Daniel B. Hib-
bard.
The message further announced that the House
had agreed to the amendments of the Senate to
the following bills and resolutions of the House:
A bill (No. 537) for the relief of Katharine K.
Russell;
A bill (No. 132) to remove the United States
arsenal fiom the cuv of St. Louis, and to piovido
for the sale of the lands on which the same is
located;
A bill (No. 665) to amend an act approved Feb-
ruary 5, 1859, entitled "An act providing foi
keeping and distributing all public documents,''
and for other proposes;
A bill (No. 835) for the relief of certain Chip-
pewa, Ottowa, and Pottawatomie Indians;
A bill (No. 9:23) giantmg a pension to Khza M.
Plympton;
A joint resolution (No. 59) authorizing Com-
modore H. Paulding to receive a sword awaided
to him by the Republic of Nicaragua; and
A joint resolution (No. 70) to quit title to lands
in the State of Iowa.
POST OFFICE APPROPRIATION RILL,
The message furtherannounccd that the House
had agreed to the amendments of the Senate to
the (nil of tfie House (No. 971) making appro-
priations for the set wee of the Post Oilico De-
partment dming the fiscal year ending the 30th of
June, lbG'2.
MILITARY ROARS IX NEW MEXICO.
The message fin ther announced that the House
of Representatives had agieeil to the repoit of the
committee of conference upon the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the bill (H. R. No.
200) to provide for the completion of the military
road fi om Foi t Union to Santa Fe, and from Taus
to Santa Fe, New Mexico.
Mr. RICE, fiom the committee of conference
on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses on
the bill (H. R. No. 200) to provide for the com-
pletion of-the military road from Fort Union to
Santa Fe, and from Taos to Santa Fe, New Mex-
ico, submitted the following repoit:
The committee of conference on The dhajn'pojnj* vote«?
of the two I loaves on {lie b.il (H.\o. •>'>,)) to p, <-► v id-: tor
the completion <>| the mil;fai\ i-uil (torn Pott Union to
Bantu J'Y>, m<l Itoin Tao> to Santa IV, New Me.\ico, have
met; and altertnl! and tiee oonfeieneo, have agteed to iec-
ommend to their icvpcctive Houses, iollowa.
That the IIoin1 locedu fiom their de^recment to the
Senate's amendment, and ugtee :o the .-aine with the fol-
lowing mneiuiin> nt: m line thtec, alter the fii>t amend-
ment, fetnke out *v liuy," and nwj't •• tU'icen."
HEXLY M. RICE,
A. KCNNEDY,
II. WILSON,
Managers on the put of the Senate.
13. STANTON,
GEORGE W. HECHES,
UALUSilA A. OllOVV,
Managers on the pt.it of th>: ilouoc oj Representatives.
GUANO DISCOVERIES.
JOHNSON, of Tennessee.
Mr. Presi- i
Mr.
dent—
Mr. WADE. One moment. There is a Senate 1
bill on the table, No. 303, that has been returned
from the House of Representatives with amend-
ments. 1 presume it will take but a minute to 1
conciu in the amendments. i
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. Will it lead ;
to discussion :
Mr. WADE. If there be any discussion, I
shall waive it. *
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Polk.)
The House of Representatives has returned, with
amendments, the bill (S. No. 303) supplementary
to the acfentitled "An act to authorize protection
to be given to citizens who may discover deposits
of guano," approved August 18, 1856.
Mr. GREEN. I object to that.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on taking up the bill.
Mr. GREEN. I object.
Mr. WADE. Very well; I agreed to waive
ft if it would give rise to debate, and of course I
shall not insist on it.
FUGITIVE SLAVE LAW.
The bill (H. R. No. 1009) amendatory of the
act for the rendition of fugitives from labor, was
read the first time by its title.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there any
objection to the bill being read a second time now?
Mr. WILSON. I object, at this time.
REPORT Or TIIE PEACE CONFERENCE.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Thejointres-
olution (S. No. 70) proposing certain amendments
to the Constitution of the United States is before
the Senate as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. JOHNSON,of Tennessee. Mr. President,
it is painiul for me to be compelled, at this late
hour of the session, to occupy any of the time of
the Senate upon the subject, that hasjust been dis-
cussed by the Senator from Oiegon. Had if not
been fur the exuaordmajy speech he has made,
and the sm^ular course he has taken, I should
forbear from saying one word at this late hour of
the day and of the session. But, sir, it must be
apparent, not only to the Senate but to the whole
country, that, either by accident or by design,
there has been an arrangement that any one who
appeared in this Senate to vindicate the Union of
these States should be attacked. Why is it iliat
no one, in the Senate or out of it, who is in favor
of the Union of these States, has mad % an attack
upon me? Why has it been left to those who
have taken both open and secret ground m viola-
tion of the Constitution, for the disruption of the
Government? Why has there been a concerted
attack upon me ft om the beginning of this discus-
sion to the present moment, not even confined to
the oidinary courtesies of debate and of senato-
rial decorum? It is a question which lifts itself
above personalities. I eare not fiom what direc-
tion the Senator comes who indulges in personah-
tus towards me; in that, I feel that I am above
him, and that be is my mfenoi. [Applause m the
galleries.]
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Poik in
the chair) rapped with Ins mallet, and then said:
The Chnir will announce that if that disturbance
repeated in the galleries, they must lie cleared.
That is the order of the Senate for the purpose
of conducting propeily the deliberations of the
Senate.
Mr. DOOLITTEE. I hone the Chair will en-
force the order, and not threaten to do so. When
applause is given on the expression of Union
sentiments, in whi«,h I fully concur, I desire that
the order shall be enforced, and there can then
be no exception taken, if w<"> enforce the rules
when applause may be given for any other senti-
ments uttered on this floor.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. Mr. President,
I was alludmg to the use of personalities. They
are not arguments; they are the resort of men
whose mmils arc low and coarse. It is very easy
to talk about44 cowards;" to draw autobiogiaphi-
cal sketches; to lecountthe remarkable, the won-
derful events and circumstances and exploits that
we have performed. I have presented facts and
authorities; and upon them I have argued; from
them I have drawn conclusions; and why have
they not been met? Why have they not been
answered ? Why abandon the great issues before
the country, and go into personal allusions and
personal attacks ? Cowper has well said:
'•'A truly sen-able, well-lncd man
Will nut IjimUL me , no other can."
But there are men who talk about cowards,
courage, and all that description of thing; and in
this connection, I want to say, not bcmstingly,
with no anger in my bosom, that these two eyes
of mine never looked upon anything in the shape
of mortal man that tiiis heart feared.
