390
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 15,
E:
upon being secured in their constitutional rights in |
the Union, or on going out of it for the sake of j
self-preservation. I came here with the hope that
such measures might be broughtforward by those
who had the power to control this question, as
would assure the people of the South that they
mi^ht expect future security for their rights in the
Union, i believe that if the Republican members
had manifested, at the beginning of this session
of Congress, a purpose to respect simply the con-
stitutional rjghts of all the States and of their peo-
ple, all these difficulties might, before this time,
ave been settled. I do not mean to be under-
stood, in making that remark, as indicating that
it would have been necessary for them to have
acceded to any extravagant or uiyeasonable dc- j
mands. Such demands would not have been made,
unless they deem it extravagant and unreasonable
to insist upon plain, specific guarantees of those
rights which were assuredly secured to us under
the present Constitution as it was formed, and
which have been secured to us by the action of
all departments of the Federal Governmentdovvn
to this time. This, I believe, was the condition
of things when Congress assembled at the begin-
ning o€ this session. In view of tho fact that Re-
publican members of Congress have held sullenly
Lack, and have neither proposed nor accepted any
compromise, but have declared that they have
none to make, four States are now out of the
Union; and many others are in rapid motion to
go out. Unless something can now be done to
arrest this movement, there will be but few south-
ern States, if any, acknowledging allegiance to
the Federal Government on the 4th of March
next.
This state of things having been produced, what
can change it? I cannot say now that it is possible
to arrest the movement. It is certainly all hut
impossible now to arrest it. It is my duty to
speak on this occasion as I would speak in the
presence of the future—as I would speak in the
presence of the calamities invoked on this people
by the action of this Congress, and by a portion
of the States of the Union. No men on the f.ice
of the earth, at any period of the world's history,
were ever charged with a more solemn responsi-
bility than that which rests to-day on the Amer-
ican Congress. It calls not for passion, but for
calm dehberation;notforthcmamtenanceof mere
partisan supremacy, but for the ascendency of pa-
triotism; not for the domination of the one party
and the overthrow of the other, but for a consti-
tutional Union based on the action of the people,
and on the support of a Government friendly to
all its parts; not nurturing and fostering the one
and hostile to the other, but just and fair to all
alike. These are the great principles which should
animate our action if wo intend to preserve the
Union. On tho other hand, if fifteen States come
here—minority as they may bo in Congress, in
the popular masses, in wealth and power—telling
you ot their discontents, and the cause of them,
and if you tender no olive branch, noconciii.ition,
but sternly deny them their constitutional rights,
and tender them on the one hand submission to
ruin, and on the other powder and ball, who is it
that does not know what their decision will be,
whatever may be the consequences?
Is there a cause for this discontent? It has
been interrogatively suggested that there was
none. It has been partially admitted by others
that there is some cause. This js no time to come
here and suppose that, by special pleading and in-
genious statements of the cati^c of controversy, we
can change the judgmcntof posterity as to the atti-
tude of public affairs in these times. It is beneath
the dignity of the statesman; it is beneath the
dignity of the men who control events, to resort
now to special pleading to misrepresent the cause
of the grievances which now exist. H'istory will
tell what those causes are. All of you know
to-day what they are. For twenty years the anti-
slavery strength has been growing in tho free
States of this Confederacy, in recent years it has
become aggressive. The question tendered to
the people of the South is well expressed m the
language of the Piesident elect—thot this agita-
tion must go on until the northern mind shall rest
in the belief that slavery is put in a condition ot
ultimate extinction. That was his sentiment
That is the sentiment of the great leaders of that
party. 1 presume that few membeis of that party
would to-day, in their place, deny that such was
its purpose. I take it for granted, that we may
act on the presumption that that is its purpose.
What justice is there in that? Let us, for one
moment, revert to the history of the Government
to know whether it is just in it to assume the re-
sponsibility of so grave an act. I need hardly
say that, at the date of the Declaration of Inde-
pendence, each of the thirteen colonies of the
Union was slavcholding. At the date of the
formation of the Federal Constitution, twelve
years after that, twelve of the thirteen States of
the Union were slavcholding States. Is it to be
presumed that twelve out of thirteen States made
a Constitution which was intended to recognize
slaves as freemen and equals? It would be ask-
ing too much of human credulity to believe such
a proposition. If anything were necessary to
repel the idea, if is supplied by the bare fact that
the convention which framed this Constitution,
and gave it to us as the charter of our rights and
liberties, provided in it for keeping open the Afri-
can slave trade for twenty years after the forma-
tion of that Constitution, so that tho white race
might go on under authority of the Constitution
and acquire a larger amount of property in negro
slaves. The interests of a portion of the States
were found not to require African slavery; and
these States disposed of their negroes, not so nu-
merous then, it is true, as they were in some of
the more southern States. Then they made their
States what they call free States. The southern
States raised no objection, and had no right to
raise any objection, that these States had chosen
for themselves toexclude negro slavery; but they
had rights under the Federal Constitution—the
right to protection and security—which it was their
duty to insist upon. That is all they have done.
But, Mr. Chairman, I cannot dwell longer upon
this portion of our history; but I will ask atten-
tion to another feature of this question. 1 invoke
the attention of Republicans for a moment, to
what would be the result of the success of their
doctrines if they will not cease this agitation until
they can rest m the belief that negro slavery is
put in process of extinction. But, before I do it,
I wish to make one remark, not altogether con-
nected with my argument; but which may not be
unserviceable. We have for yeais back heard of
what is termed the irrepressible conflict. It has
emanated from men who have been eulogized for
their statesmanship and their learning, it rested
on the idea of irrepressible hostility between the
interests and institutions of States of the Union.
It has been invoked for partisan success and for
sectional prejudice. It has culminated too soon
for its authois. And here, to-day, behold the fruits
of the irrepressible conflict. Everyman who looks
forward with an eye to the interests and hopes of
the country, has foreseen what the irrepressible
conflict meant—that it meant subjugation and hu-
miliation to the South, or the dissolution of the
Union. You have reached now its logical end.
Are you, then, longer prepared to eulogize a doc-
trine, and eulogize its authors, which has brought
upon us so precipitately such fruits as these?
But to the point to which I was calling atten-
tion. I ask Republicans to-day—and I would to
God I could throw my voice to every city and
town and village and hamlet m tho whole North,
and could be heard by every citizen there, and
answered by all—to trace the history of the Af-
i ican race through all the centuries of the past,
in every country and every clime, from their na-
tive barbarism in Africa to slavery in Brazil and
the West Indies, and everywhere else that you
find them, and then come to the southern States,
and compare the condition of the negroes there
with their condition anywhere else, and answer
me if the}'- arc not in the enjoyment of more peace,
more blessings, and everything that gives con-
tentment and happiness, than any other portion
of that race, bond or free, at any other age or in
any other portion of the world ? Will any man
deny that they are? And if they are, is it the
part of philanthropy to turn them back to the
condition of the rest of their race, and, in doing
so, destroy the hopes and the social and political
future of fifteen States of tlua Confederacy? Then,
again, I would ask this other question: Suppose
these slaves were liberated; suppose the people
of the South would to-day voluntarily consent to
sui render §3,000,000.000 of slave property, and
tend their slaves at their own expense into the
free States; would you accept them as freemen and
citizens in your States? [" No !" " no !" from the
Republican side of the House.] You dare not
answer me that you would. You would fi^ht us
with all the energy and power of 3*011 r States for
twenty years, before you would submit to if. And
yet you demand of us to liberate them, to sur-
render this §3,000,000,000 of slave property, to
dissolve society, to break up social order, to rum
our commercial and political prospects for the
future, and still to retain such an element among us.
Again: I ask you, do you believe, one of you—
does any Republican in this Union believe this
day that, if you could purchase a separate Terri-
tory, occupied by no human being, if you could
liberate all tho slaves to-day, take them to that
Territory, frame a government for them, and give
them money to stait it—do you believe that, for
one year, or m any future period, those negroes
could maintain a government in peace, giving
security to life and person, and prosperity and
repose to society? I venture to say there is not
a Republican in this Union who would hazard his
reputation by answering that question in the af-
fnmative. And yet, in religionname,in God's
name, in the name of justice and humanity, you
are invoking every feeling that can stir theheaits
of the people to press on with your irrepressible
conflict; never halting, never stopping to consider,
as all statesmen must, consider, the relative con-
dition and capacities of the races; and what is to
be the end of the conflict which you invoke,-with
the certainty, on your part, that it must result in
breaking up this Republic, or in the subjugation
and the infliction upon the South of the worst
despotism that can be forced upon any country.
I address you with all the earnestness of my na-
ture; I address you in the name of humanity, in
the name of our common country, and of the
cause of civil liberty.
Again: if I wanted experience to prove the
truth of my supposition that such would be the
calamitous effect of carrying your principles to
their ultimate results, the history of the past fur-
nishes that experience. In 3793, when red repub-
licanism assumed its reign in France, and the wild
delusion of unrestrained liberty seized upon the
minds of the masses, there was a wretched fanatic
who undertook to proclaim the equality of every
human being, and he proposed the liberation of
the slaves in the French West India colonies.
The idea chimed in with the popular delusions of
the day, and a decree was passed that all the slaves
should be free. The colonies would not accept
the decree, and did not until the army of Fiance
was brought into requisition, and the slaves were
set at liberty. But, what was the result to the
colonies? Great Britain, catching the contagion
from France, determined upon the policy of lib-
erating the slaves in her West India colonies;
but she was a little more humane and liberal. She
did make compenstaion to the owners of the slaves
liberated, to the amount of, perhaps, one eighth
of their value. .But what was the fruit of those
deciees to the colonies interested > What was the
result of conferring the boon of freedom upon the
African race in these colonies ? What was the
condition of these colonics prior to the execution
of these decrees? They were the homes of civil-
ization, contentment, prosperity, and happiness;
their farms were cultivated, their cities were alive
with business, their ports were covered with the
canvas of the fleets of all nations, bearing to and
fro the commerce of the world.
Those decrees were passed. What followed ?
The white race was exteiminated by all the im-
plements and modes of cruelty and torture that
ingenuity and barbarism could invent. Yes, sir,
exterminated. The fields then glowing under the
hand of industry soon went back into jungle,
inhabited by the wild beasts of the forest; giass
grew in the streets of their cities, and ships de-
parted from their ports to return no more. And
they have gone on in this experiment of liberty
from revolution to revolution, carnage succeeding
carnage, until at this time they have xelapsed into
and present a spectacle ofsa\ago African barbar-
ism. Gentlemen of the Republican party, are
you now prepared to go on in your aggressions
until you have inaugurated the same scenes for
your southern brethren? I say your brethren,
for hundreds and thousands of them are your
common kindred, living in the enjoyment of the
blessing of the same system of Gpvuniment, and
enjoying the prosperity common to our people.
