1352
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
to speeches that are made, and when the impulses
of their hearts shall induce them to applaud, I will
not condemn it. 1 hope they .will be permitted
to remain.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I wish to say a single word
in relation to what has occurred, as some gentle-
men have come in since the facts transpired. On
the first occasion there was very loud and general
applause innhe galleries, which was a very great
breach of order. Upon that occasion, the Chan-
announced that he should be compelled to enforce
order by clearing the galleries, if the disorder
should be repeated; and, upon thatoccasion, I 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
will allow the Chair. The Senator will admit that,
when the first demonstration was made, the Chair
struck, with the mallet,on the table, for the pur-
pose of checking it. It went on afterwards, and
then the Chair made the announcement.
Ml*. GRIMES. It ought to be stated, in con-
nection with this 
Mr. DOOLITTLE. If the Senator will allow
me, f will finish what I was going to say. Then
I rose and made the remark that I did in relation
to the applause, which was very loud, and a great
breach of order. It being in favor of a sentiment
which 1 most warmly approved, I desired, at
that time, to condemn the applause in the galleries,
so that 1 could be enabled to ask the Chair to
enforce the rule, if applause should be given to
counter sentiments. Shortly afterwards, there was
applause, it is true, but very slight; the main
noise in the galleries seeming to be the noise of
those who were endeavoring to hush any applause
and to make the Chau and the dignity of the Sen-
"ate be respected by the galleries. These are the
facts. There was a slight breach of order; but,
after what has occurred, I have no doubt that, in
the whole of*the galleries, by those who are here
present, there will be an observance of the order
of the Senate.
Mr. GRIMES. The Senator from Wisconsin
has stated exactly what 1 was going to say; that
at the time of this last breach of decorum, there
were not more than three or four persons who
clapped in the galleries, and there was an evident
desire on the part of others who had been hero
when they were reminded by the Chair that if
they did not preserve order the galleries would be
clGated, to prevent the repetition of disorder, and
therefore, by a natural impulse, hissed in order to
prevent it. It should be remembered, too, that
probably the persons in the galleries now arc new
comers, at least a very large proportion of them,
who are not familiar with the rules of the Senate,
and I do not think that, under these circum-
stances, it is advisable for us to enforce the strict
rule.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I think the galleries now
have received warning enough that it is the sense
of the Senate that there should be no demonstra-
tions. 1 believe now, if you suspend the rule,
there will be no more of them, and we can go on
with our business. I hope the execution of the
order will be suspended.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on suspending the execution of the order of the
Chair for clearing the galleries.
Mr. CLARK. I inquire whether that cannot
be done by unanimous consent, without taking
any vote?
Mr. HALE. If the Chair consents.
The PRESIDING OFFICER put the question,
and declared that the ayes appeared to have it;
and requested Mr. Douglas to take the chair.
Mr. BAYARD. Before the result is announced,
I calf for the yeas and nays.
Mr. HALE. If there is going to be so serious
a matter as that made of it, f have a word to say.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Polk.)
Will the Senator allow mo to put the question on
ordering the yeas and nays?
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HALE. 1 have uniformly voted for en-
forcing the rules of the Senate, and clearing the
galleries, when any of these manifestations of
applause have been made; but the applause has
generally been for sentiments that I did not sym-
pathize with, andiusa new thing that sentiments,
such as were uttered by the honorable Senator
from Tennessee, have been applauded. But there
is something in the suggestion that the galleries
are filled with new comers; they have got an idea
of what the Senate is from what they have read
ill the newspapers, and the descriptions of the
letter-writers, and probably do not come here
with so flattering an idea of the Senate, having
imbibed it from newspapers and letter-writers,as
they will be likely to have after they have stayed
here a little while. [Laughter.] Under these
circumstances, I hope they will be excused.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Having said what I de-
sired to say, I was willing, by general consent,
that the galleries should not be interrupted, and I
hope that will be the understanding. I cannot
vote to suspend the order of the Chair, because
that would look like giving deliberate license to
have our proceedings disturbed; but I hope the
Senator who made the call for the yeas and nays
will withdraw it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It was made on the other
side.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I presume the gentlemen
in the galleries will not interrupt any further.
Mr. BAYARD. I will not withdraw the call
for the yeas and nays, because I think this is a
matter of principle. For one, I desire to record
my vote against what I think has degenerated
into a practice that will ultimately change the
body into a mere theatrical arena. It must be
checked at some time, and it is as well to do it
now as at any other time. About the particular
subject on which this applause existed, I do not
care; and I know nothing about it. I did not hear
the sentiment, and know not what occasioned it.
It is immaterial to me whether it be on the side
that my own judgment and feelings approved or
not. 1 think the whole system a false one. I
think it has gone much too far for the character
of the Senate as a deliberative body. I know
how easy it is, on all occasions, to make excuses.
I have heard these excuses made before. The
Chair made an order, and I am disposed to main-
tain the dignity of the body by sustaining the
decision of the Chair. Others may vote as they
see fit, I want my vote recorded.
Mr. CLINGMAN. If we are compelled to
vote on the yeas and nays, I shall vote to execute
the order of the Chair; but I would rather not do
it, and I had hoped that my appeal would be
responded to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I was not present when
the first disturbance occurred; I just entered the
Senate Chamber as the last took place. I shall
vote to sustain the Chair; but I should be very
glad to get rid of the question in the way sug-
gested by the Senator from Noith Carolina. We
have taken up a great deal of time m discussing
it. 1 think this discussion is entirely out of order,
arid nothing should have transpired till the order
of the Presiding Officer was executed. I will not,
when an order has been made by the Presiding
Oilicer to clear the galleries, vote to suspend that
order; but I should be very glad if the Presiding
Officer, under the circumstances, would adopt the
suggestion of the Senator from North Carolina,
and himself suspend the order,after what has been
said. If the vote be taken, I must vote to sustain
the Chair, though I would be glad if the Chair
felt at liberty,of his own mere motion, to suspend
the older. I think, under the circumstances, that
perhaps might be done.
Mr. DOUGLAS. It is entirely competent for
the Senate to suspend the order, if they choose. I
am really surprised to find, perhaps I may say
gratified, at the unanimous determination there is
now to sustain the order and decorum of the Sen-
ate on the last day of the session, or the last but
one. Applause like this has occurred, and ap-
plause louder than this, a hundred times this ses-
sion. Twice this oidcr lias been given and ex-
ecuted. The misfortune is, that one day one man
is in the chair, and another hour of the same day
another man is in the chair, and the practice is
tolerated by one, and the other orders the galle-
ries to be cleared. If we could have a uniform
ruling on the part of the Chair, we could know
what was meant. I believe the galleries have
been cleared twice; once on a motion from this
side of the Chamber, and once on a motion from
the other. I must say that the intimation of the
Senator from New Hampshire that thuy are cleared
against particular classes of individuals—individ-
uals of particular politics—is unjust. I do not
know that the galleries have ever been cleared
when a single Republican has bfen applauded—
and thoy have been applauded very frequently.
I do not know that they were ever cleared when
I was applauded,though that has occurred some-
times, and I always regretted it when it did occur.
As tins order was only made in two instances
heretofore, I do not think we should be so strin-
gent on the rule of order when it is competent for
us to suspend it, and when I am satisfied that the
disturbance will not occur again if the order be
suspended.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator from Illinois
[Mr. Douglas] will perceive that we are placed
m a little difficulty. If, as suggested by the Sen-
ator from Illinois on this side, [Mr. Trumbull,']
the Presiding Officer will of himself suspend the
order, there is an end of it; everybody will be
glad; but I am satisfied, precisely as the Senator
from Illinois [Mr. Trumbull] is, that, as the order
has been given, we must sustain it out of respect
to ourselves, if compelled to vote on it. We would
rather be relieved of the difficulty.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I disagree with the Senator
from Maine. Nothing is more usual in legisla-
tive bodies than to move a call of the House; and
if the call is sustained, you can suspend its exe-
cution. It is no reflection on the Chair now to
suspend the execution of his order. The Chair
was right in making the order. It is no reflec-
tion on him to suspend farther proceedings under
it; and therefore I do not feel that I am casting
any reflection m making the motion. Far from
it. The Chair did his duty when- the rules were
violated. I did mine in moving to suspend the
order, as has been done so often before.
Mr. BRIGHT. There is no such thing known,
here as a call of the Senate. The rule entitles the
Presiding Officer to order the galleries to be clearct)
on a breach of order taking place; or it may be
done upon the motion of a member. It is doubt-
less in the power of the Senate to reverse the order
which is made by the Presiding Officer. I cer-
tainly have no feeling on this- subject except to
vindicate what I consider the dignity of this body;
and I would vindicate it as well when a gentle-
man on the other side of the Chamber it? speak-
ing. as one on this; that does not enter into the
calculation with me. The question with me is,
what are the rules of order in this body,andwhat
degree of decorum should be attached to its delib-
erations? The Chair gave notice to the galleries
that if the breach oforder wasrepeated,they would
be clcared. That was notice enough. The Chair
having made the order, and the yeas and nays
having been demanded upon the question whether
it shall be executed, it is not in the power of the
Chair now to recall its own order; but the vote
must be taken.
Air. KENNEDY. I ask if it is in order to
move to suspend the execution of the order J
Mr. DOUGLAS. That is the motion I have
made.
Mr. BAYARD. There is no analogy between
the motion of the Senator from Illinois and the
case which he puts of a call of the House in the
other branch of Congress. A call of ihe House
is made on the motion of a member*, butwhen the
Chair orders the galleries to be cleared in the
Senate, it is a plain disrespect to theChair,m my
judgment, to suspend hi-3 order. Further, it is
said to be the last day of the session. According
to my experience, and what 1 have seen of this
body and the other, it requires a little more ob-
servance of order on that than any other day. And
what is the admission on the other side? The
admission is, that this is a thing which has oc-
curred a hundred times. Shall it go down to his-
tory that the Senate of the United Stales have
permitted a habit to grow up of popular applaiuse,
as in the gallciy of a theater, and that they had
not the character or the force to preserve their
dignity by ordering the galleries to be cleared ? I
do not believe in any such principle. I think it
strikes at the foundation of popular government,
because popular government must be a govern-
ment of laws, not of passions, not of mere appeals
to the sentiment of the populace; but it must be
a government of laws, of laws alone, or it will
inevitably perish.
Mr. WADE. I move to lay the whole subject
on the table. Let us get rid of it.
Mr. DOUGLAS, I suppose that is equivalent
to ordering the galleries to be cleared. The order
has been issued. I moved to suspend the order.
Now, if my motion is laid on the table, it tsequiv-
alent to ordering the galleries to be cleared.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
