1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
who do not appreciate the use he intended to make
of the argument. Texas cost this Government not
one cent. She vindicated her liberty by her arms;
and redeemed to civil and religious liberty a coun-
try as large as the six New England States, and
New Yorlt, Pennsylvania, Maryland, Ohio, and
Indiana, all put together. She redeemed it from
Catholic priestcraft and military despotism, and
has covered it over with five hundred thousand
freemen, a prosperous and happy people; and
they are prepared to vindicate their liberties when
they are encroached upon again by a despotism
of one or of many men.
It is true, that war grew out of the annexation
of Texas; and I suppose it is that with which the
gentleman chargesTexas, But this Government
knew what it was doing when it was acquiring
dominion over that country, and adding to the
United States to aid in building up its commercial,
agricultural, and manufacturing interests. But
they also acquired New Mexico and Utah, and
the great golden State of California, by that war,
and extended their power and dominion to the
Pacific ocean. And that is what the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Cox,] and the friends of those
measures, now sneeringly refer to in their refer-
ence to the purchase of Tfexas. I was sorry to
hear it.
Allusion has also been made to the fact that
$10,000,000 were subsequently paid for a portion
of the domain of Texas, to some of which, it is
said, she had no title. I have no time to enter into
an argument upon that question. The Federal
Government took up our quarrel for that boundary.
As our agent, she obtained the title deed for us.
No lawyer will say that it lay with her to dispute
our title. She then offered us $10,000,000 for a
part of this land—eighty or a hundred thousand
square miles of it. Texas accepted the oiler.
Shall the Representatives of the Federal Govern-
ment now taunt us with the statement that Texae
has been bought for a price and paid for? Why,
this Government only bought a portion of Texas.
She has that now. It is not in the jurisdiction of
Texas. This Government proposed the trade.
Texas assented to it. Was there anything in this
to call for contemptuous taunts? We made no
sale to this Government of what is now Texas.
But Texas did give to this Government, freely and
voluntarily, her sovereignty and the dominion of
all her vast and fertile domain, and ought to be
exempt from the contemptuous charge of having
been bought. It is wholly untrue, and self-respect
should prevent the making of such a charge.
Mr. Chairman, there are other subjects which
I had hoped to discuss this morning, but I will
not trespass on the patiencc of the House by dis-
cussing them now. I have to say in the end, that
yet, almost hopeless as it seems, I would be glad
to see an effort madctowaid conciliation. Above
all things I stand here to invoke members to look
upon this question as one which involvestheinter-
estsand destiny of States; to warn them that they
are making advances against fifteen States, with
thirteen million people, and with more than two
thirds of the exports of the country; against a
people who understand all these questions, and
who arc not to be misled or deceived by special
pleading; a people who neverintended or wished
to raise their voice against the Federal Govern-
ment, and who never would have done so if they
had been let alone. Remember that we only ask
you to let us alone—nothing else. Give us secu-
rity in the Union. Respect our rights in the com-
mon Territories. So act among yourselves as to.
let us know that we need no longer live under
continual fear of the consequences of your action.
I must say that the very State from which I
come, the very district which I represent, has had
some painful experience during the last summer,
growing out of the doctrines of abolitionism. Wc
found, for the last two or three years, that the
members of the Methodist Church North, and
others, living in Texas, were propagating aboli-
tion doctrines there. We warned them not to
carry on their schemes of producing disaffection
among our negroes; but they persisted, and did
not cease until they had organized a society called
the Mystic Red. Under its auspices, the night
before "the last August election the towns were to
be burned and the people murdered. There now
lie m ashes near a dozen towns and villages in
my district. Four of them were county seats,
and two of them the best towns in the district.
The poisonings were only arrested by informa-
tion which came to light before the plan could be
carried into execution. The citizens were forced
to stand guard for months, so that no man could,
have passed through the towns between dark and
daylight without making himself known. A por-
tion of them paid the penalty of their crimes.
Others were driven out of the country. These
things had their effect on the public mind. They
were the results of ab'ohtion teachings; a part of
the irrepressible conflict; a part of the legitimate
fruits of Republicanism. ^ ,
[Here the hammer fell.] %/
Mr. STANTON next addressed the committee.
[His speech will be published in the Appendix.]
Mr. ADRAIN. Mr Chairman, it is now over
seventy-four years since the Federal Constitution
was adopted,'and the Union of these States formed;
and during all that period we have advanced with
the greatest rapidity in population and extent of
territory, in the arts ana sciences, in commerce,
agriculture, education, and in all the elements
whichxonstitutea nation's prosperity and glory.
And yet, notwithstanding our rapid growth as a
nation, unparalleled in the world's history, there
is a restless and persistent effort on the part of
some of the southern States and people to destroy
the very cause of all these glorious results—the
Union, the hallowed Union, purchased and ce-
mented by the blood and treasure of the great
patriots and statesmen who made and bequeathed
it to us, theirdoscendants, to preserve ana defend.
Can it be that they will succeed in their mad and
unholy efforts? Arc there not conservative, pa-
triotic, and true men enough in the southern States
to resist this daik and angry wave of disunion
which threatens to dash against and destroy the
freest and best Government in the world? Sir,
I caunotcuid will not believe that the whole South
is so infected with the dangerous spirit of disloy-
alty to the Federal Constitution and the Union,
as to lead it to drag down the temple of American
liberty, crushing the hopes and happiness of mil-
lions of freemen here, and all the fond and earnest
aspirations after liberty of the down-trodden and
oppressed of earth everywhere. No, no; never,
never! Men of the South who love the Union,
(and there arc many such,) and regard it' as a
great political blessing — the source of all our
national prosperity, and the palladium of our
liberties—come forth, and say to the rash and
dangerous spirits among you: '^vlisguided men,
we will not permit you to bring upon us all the
horrors of a bloody civil war, and involve the
whole country in one common ruin 1" Remem-
ber, men of the South, that your fathers and ours,
in the days of American Independence, stoodfr
shoulder to shoulder in achieving one of the grand-
est victoiies in the world's history. Itwasyour
fathers and our fathers, by their joint and patri-
otic efforts, who established the federal Consti-
tution and gave us the Union; and will you, their
descendants, now destroy forever the noble work
of their great intellects, lofty patriotism, and un-
dying devotion to the cause of human rights and
of free Government? No, no. Be true to your
brave and patriotic ancestry; cherish with un-
dying love their sacred memories; recount their
many and great services m liberty's cause; and
strive to maintain, in all its grand and beautiful
proportions, the hallowed Union of our fathers-—
and may I not still say the hallowed Union of
their sons?—now and forever.
But if the Union is to be dissolved, and men of
the South are bent on doing such a mad and unholy
act, let me say to you that it will not be done
without a resolute and determined effort on the
part of all true and patriotic men at the North, at
least, to prevent it by every constitutional means.
The men of the North intend to stand by the
Union, and defend it to the last, while there is a
hope for its preservation. In the North, the peo-
ple have been educated to speak of and cherish
the Union as the greatest political blessing ever
conferred on any people; and they will defend it
againstall assailants, from any and every quarter,
whenever that defense becomes necessary. But
1 pray God that no other defense may ever be
necessary than an appeal to the sense of patriot-
ism and love of country of those who would at-
tack and destroy it. I pray God that the North
and South may never become involved m frater-
nal strife, and brother's hand dyed m the blood
of brother! May my eyes never witness such an
unnatural and bloody warfare I Heaven forbid
it! God, in His ever wise and protecting care,
avert from us such an awful event, which sickens
the heart and chills the blood even to contemplate!
Oh, may the dark and angry clouds of disunion,
now gathering and lowering over the southern
horizon, be all dissipated before more sober re-
flection, truer sentiments of patriotism, and a
higher regard for one common Federal Govern-
ment—one vast and mighty Republic, the home -
of the free, and the asylum of the oppressed of
every land !
And, sir, I cannot permit this occasion to pass
by without an allusion to that distinguished son
of the South, Alexander H. Stephens,of Georgia,
who has raised his bold and eloquent voice to
quiet the storm of popular frenzy, and to callback
an impulsive and misguided people to a sense of
reason and ofpatriotism,and to those obligations
which they owe to the Federal Government, and
to the whole country. The gifted, eloquent, and
soul-inspiring orator'and statesman, Stephens; in
coming forth as he has done, amidst.popular
clamor and prejudice, in defenseof the Union,and
in boldly rebuking the voice of disunion, has added
further and imperishable laurels to his already
great name and character; and I much regret, and
the whole nation may well regret, that his voice is
not now heard, as in days past, on this floor in
this most perilous crisis of our country's his-
tory, rebuking in the severest tones the spirit of
disunion, and presenting in all their attractive
colors the blessings and glory of one great, free,
and united Government. It is the duty, sir, of
every lover of the country, who regards her future
peace and safety, to allay, and not to excite still
more, the restless and disturbed state of feeling
now existing in some quarters at the South. And
I hope I may say nothing on this occasion which
is calculated to add more fuel to the flames of dis-
union, which are now sending forth their lurid
glare.
What, sir, has produced this excitement and
alienation of feeling on the part of the South to-
wards the North? Is it not owing to a fear on their
part that the newly-elected President, Abraham
Lincoln, will distuib the domestic institution of
slavery in the southern States? Before, however,
showing the utter groundlessness of this fear, per-
mit me, in passing, to observe that southern men
have, in a very great measure, contributed to his
election. In the first placc, through their threats
of deserting Mr. Buchanan's administration, they
dro\e him to forsake the great doctrine of popu-
lar sovereignty, and to exert the weight of his
official position and Executive power to impose
upon the people of a Territory a constitution ut-
terly repugnant to their political feelings and sen-
timen ts, and not the embodiment of their true will.
And this, we all know, at once led to a wide breach-
in thn Democratic party, and inspired the Repub-
lican party with new hopes of making another
vigorous and perhaps successful effort to obtain
the reins of the national Government. And never
did Mr. Buchanan, and never did southern men,
make a greater mistake, as far as the success of
the Democratic party and peace of the country
were concerned, than when they endeavored to
force through Congress, and fasten upon an un-
willing and protesting people, the Lecompton con-
stitution. And then again, extreme and ultra men
of the South broke up the Charleston convention,
by deserting the old Democratic doctrine of non-
intervention by Congress with the question of
slavery, and demanding a new principle—that it
should directly intervene for its protection. From
that moment u was apparent, to the least obsciv-
ant of the signs of the times, that the Democratic
party was doomed to suffer certain defeat. If,
sir, the principle of non-intervention had been
honestly adhered to—and to which the whole De-
mocracy was committed—and a candidate nom-
inated at Charleston representing that principle,
and cordially supported both south and north,
this day, in my opinion, the Democratic party
would have been triumphant, and the South with
no occasion to send forth their infuriated threats
to dissolve the Union because of a Republican
victory. Sir, there would then have been no such
victory. This Republican victory—and listen to
tho truth, ye men of the South, who have turned"
your backs upon the once lauded, but now de-
spised, doctrine of popular sovereignty—is be-
cause of your folly and desertion of great political
