894
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 15.
principles, upon which the Democratic party glori-
ously triumphed in 1856, and upon which it could
again have gloriously triumphed in 1860. How
can you, then, in the face of these naked truths,
now turn round and claim a Republican victory
as a justifiable cause for the dissolution of the
Union, when you yourselves have contributed so
much to the accomplishment of that victory?
But, sir, is there any real and immediate dan-
ger to the South and her domestic institution of
slavery? It is true, Abraham Lincoln,a Repub-
lican, will assume the reins of Government on
tlie 4th of March next. It is also true, that he
regards slavery as a moral, social, and political
evil; but in this he is not alone. There are hun-
dreds and thousands in the North and Northwest
who fully agree with him in sentiment. And I
am not far out of the way when 1 assert that e^en
at the South a similar sentiment is entertained by
many. Most certainly Mr. Lincoln has the right
to regard slavery asan evil, as well as the great mass
of southern men to regard it ay a great blessing,
and, if you please, as " the highest type of civil-
ization. His merely holding, and publicly ex-
pressing, too, such an opinion, is a rightof which
no one has just cause to complain. It is one of
the greatcstand most invaluable privileges of our
Government, that all men are at liberty freely to
express their sentiments on all political subjects.
This right is one of the chief glories of our Re-
public, which will last, I trust, as long as the
Republic itself endures.
- The only real danger to the South would be,
whenever Mr. Lincoln should attempt, and be
able if so disposed, to interfere with and disturb
the domestic institution of slavery, But has he
even such a disposition ? This is the first im-
portant inquiry. Iam not, sir, the exponent of
Mr. Lincoln's political views, nor a member of
the great Republican party which has elevated
him to the highest office within the gift of the
people. But, sir, I intend to do justice to Mr.
Lincoln, although a political opponent, for the
sake of truth, and to allay excitement and un-
necessary apprehension, if possible, in endeav-
oring to show that his political sentiments uie
not as radical and dangerous as represented, lie
has publicly declared in his speeches, long before
the thought ever flashed through hiss mind of be-
coming one day President of the United States:
1. That he is opposed to all interference with j
slavery in the States. 2. That he is opposed to \
the abolition of slavery in the District of Colum- j
bia, unless a majority of the people therein de- |
sire it abolished; and in the case of those who J
(Jo not desire it, compensation should be made
to thorn for the loss of their slaves. 3. That he
would consent to the admission of more slave >
States into the Union. 4. That he is in favor of
a fugitive slave law; but would have s,ome objec-
tionable features removed from the present one,
without "lessening its efficiency." 5. That he
is opposed to allowing negroes to vote, and even
to u qualifying them to hold oliice;*' and (5. That
so long as the two races are in the same commu-
nity, ho is in " favor of having the superior posi-
tion assigned to the white inco," Now, sn,if
these are his true and honest sentiments, he is
not an Abolitionist, at least in its true si^nifiea-
tion—one who would abolish slavery and wet the
whole negro race at liberty. He is, judging him ;
by these sentiments, a conservative man, fiom j
whorr\ the South has nothing to fear. j
But it may be asked, has he not also advanced |
other sentiments conflicting with these eonserva- i
tive views ? Has he not given utterance to the doc- !
trine of what is called "the ii repressive eonfhet," 1
which has sent such ten or and dismay to so many !
southern hearts ? Has he notdeclarcd that a house 1
divided against itself cannot stand; and that this
country must become all one thing or the other—all
slave oral! free? Well, admit all this for the sake
of the argument, and that he is a full believer in
the conflict between the two systems of slave and
free labor: but what of that ? "After all, these are
but mere individual opinions; and if never car- '
Hal out into any law, what injury can they do !
the South? The real question* to be asked and '
answered is, what can Mr. Lincoln do on entering I
upon Ins high and responsible duties as Presi- !
dent to deny to the South her just constitutional
rights? In reply to that question, sir, there can
Ixj but one answer; and that is, nothing whatever.
As tins is a Government of law, and acts by law.
i pray you, what law can Mr. Lincoln have en-
acted, even if so disposed, to interfere with and
disturb a single southern right? Why, sir, will
not the Senate be opposed to him, as well as the
next House of Representatives? Will he not be
utterly powerless to do mischief, even if he should
intend any? Why, sir, he will not be able even
to form his own Cabinet, and start the Govern-
; merit, without the consent and approval of a Dem-
ocratic Senate. Here is a check upon him at the
very outset; so that he will come into office with-
out the power, even if so disposed, to strike a
single blow at the domestic institution of slavery,
which the people of the South are determined to
chciishand defend at all extremities. How com-
pletely, then, are those men at the South without
the slightest cause for all their unhallowed efforts
to overturn a Government tinder winch they now
live, and, m my opinion, can live, in the full
enjoyment of all their constitutional rights?
What, then, is the true and patriotic course for
the South to pursue? Is it to rush madly out of
the Union, and then into a bloody civil war, with
all its indescribable horrors? Is that the kind
of remedy for evils which they do not really
suffer, but only imagine may happen? Is it not
wiser and safer and happier to remain in the
Union and hear with anticipated evils, than rush
headlong into those which will most surely prove
to be both real and dreadful ? Within the Union
is the place to demand and maintain your just
rights. In it you are safe, prosperous, and free.
Go out of it, and what security will you have,
even for your slave property, which now occa-
sions all your anxieties and feats? For this vou
will have no protection. Establish a soutliem
confederacy to-morrow; and with a northern
republic alongside of you without slavery, and
which would not tolerate its existence within its
borders, you will then see how long you will be
able to hold your slaves in bondage. I shudder
to think of the bloody insurrections and horrid
massacres and devastated lields which would
soon follow as the bitter fruits of your madness
and folly. Listen, then, excited, rash, and dan-
gerous men, to the voice of reason and of patri-
otism, btfoio yon rush into the vortex of your
own political destruction.
The Federal Constitution is the supreme law
of the land; and in conformity with it, Mr. Lin-
coln has been elated our next Piesident. His
simple election cannot be a ground for a dissolu-
tion of this Government, when the election is
strictly in conformity with the laws of the land.
If the Federal Constitution is to be respected and
obeyed at all, it is the. duty of all, both South
atul North, to submit to the clear expression of
the popular will through the ballot-box. It is
true, his polities! sentiments are ohnoxious to the
great mass of southern men, and so they are to
great numbers in the northern States. But re-
member, Mr. Lincoln is only elected President for
a limited and short period of time, which will
soon pass away wiih all the excitement and dan-
ger which his election seems to have occasioned.
The wise and great men who nmde the Federal
Constitution limited the term of office of Presi-
dent to the short period of four years, with the
expYess view that the people might soon remedy
any mistake they had made in the choice of a
Chief Magistrate by the election of another, who
nu^lit prove moie acceptable to them. If Mr.
Lincoln, then, should manifest a want of devo-
tion to the Federal Constitution, and to the just
rights of all sections of the land, the remedy
is prescribed in the Constitution itself; and the
people will soon be able to apply it. Besides,
there is the power of impeachment to hold him
m check, and to the performance of his constitu-
tional duties. And with a House of Representa-
tives against him to find a bill of impeachment,
and a Domociatic Senate to try him, there would
be a pretty fair chance of his conviction and dis-
placement from oiiice. I say, then, let Mr. Lin-
coln enter upon the duties of his high office; and
let him be judged only by his administrative acts,
He has done nothing yet to inteifeie with the
rights of the South. If lie is, as some contend,
a full believer in the irrepressible-conflict doc-
trine, he may yet perhaps change his views on
this sfffojeet, or at least deem it most, prudent not
to advance or attempt to carry them' into effect
while President of the United States. There may
be a very wide difference in the sentiments and
acts of a mere political partisan and one called
upon to preside over and direct the destinies of u
great and free people. It will be (for who can
doubt it?) tho great desire and aim of Mr. Lin-
coln to promote the highest interests, happiness,
and perpetuity of the country. It cannot be that
he would prove even so blind to his own reputa-
tion, if actuated by no higher consideration, as to
pursue any course likely to lead to the injury of
the southern States, and a dismemberment of "this
Government. Is it not, then, time enough for
southern men to take their stand, and pioclainn
their doctrine of secession, when Mr. Lincoln, as
President, actually attempts to interfere with their
peculiar institution of slavery, and to violate tho
j Federal Constitution ? Whenever he should do
that, depend upon it, men of the South, you will
not be the only ones in the country who would
resist his unhallowed efforts, and uphold the Con-
stitution, tho faithful observance of which, in all
its provisions and guarantees, constitutes our only-
safety, happiness* and liberty as a people. It is
as much the interest of the people of the Noi th to
respect and obey that sacred instrument as of the
people of the South. They cannot tell when,
perhaps, it might be perverted to their own injury;
and henee it is the true interest of us all, both
North and South, East and West, to maintain
inviolate the Federal Constitution in all its parts.
It may be said, " Are you not aware, sir, that
in the North the Federal Constitution is already
violated in the passage of acts by northern Legis-
latures obstructingand nullifying the fugitive slave
law?" Yes, sir, I am aware of all this, and not
only regret, but strongly condemn it. But might
I not retort, if so disposed, by asserting that the
laws of the country prohibiting the African slave
trade are openly violated at the South, and that
hundreds of poor Africans, torn from their native
homes, and all that was dear to them there, are
now in bondage on southern plantations? But I
have no desire to dwell upon this constantmfrac-
tion of the humane laws of the land. The viola-
tion of law at the South is no justification of its
violation on thepait of any of the northern States
or people; and whenever it is done, it behoo\cs
all men, both Noi th and South, who desu e to live
under a Government of law, to denounce and
prohibit it.
There can be no question that Congress has full
power to enact a fugitive slave law, in order to
give practical effect to a very plain provision of
the Federal Constitution. Whether the present
law is what it should be in all respects, is a dis-
puted question. It is objectionable to veiy many
on the ground of its not providing for a tual by
jury in the ease of a master demanding the leturn
of his fugiti vc slave. But whether right or wrong,
a good law or a bad one, it is the law of theland,
and ought to bo obeyed. And no State has a right
to nullify its provisions and obstruct their faithful
execution. And wherever this has been done in
any of the northern Sta'tes, it cannot be too strongly
j condemned; and the people of the North ought
not to suffer their prejudices to lead ihem to enact
laws whit h are diirctly m the face of the Fideial
Constitution. It is not only in violation of that
Constitution, but of the plighted faith between the
North and the Souih. And besides, if the lawof
■j the land can be violated in one instance, it can be
11 done in another. And then, who does not know
! that men wfll soon come to regard a law as coh-
| stitutional or not, very much as they are affected
! by their local interests and prejudices' There is
! but one safe rule for a law-abiding people to fol-
, low; and that is, entire submission to the laws of
• the land until theyaremodifiedorrepealed. Itcan-
: not, and never will, be the case, that all the people
i willapprove of every lawof Congress. And hence,
j if they are permitted to set up their individual opin-
! ions, ana oftentimes nothing but mere prejudices,
, as the rule of their action, it would not be long before
j there would be no law, but anarchy, bloodshed,
j and the downfall of our Republic. And while I
| condemn all violation of law and efforts at the
i South to carry on and reopen the African slave
I trade, 1 no less strongly condemn every act and
| movement of men and States at the North to nul-
i hfy and sot at naught one of the most necessary
' laws of the land for the preservation of the peace
| and perpetuisy of the Union.
! However much, sir, some of the northern States
; have gone astray m unwisely passing laws which
I obstruct and nullify the due execution of thefugi-
