396
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
January 15,
Sir, if Washington, and Madison, and Ham-
* ikon, and those other great patriots and states-
men of that day, could cxercise a spirit of "mutual
deference and concession to obtain that great end
—the consolidation of the Union—why may not
we also manifest a like spirit for the preservation
of that Union ? If our fathers, and such fathers,
could do it, we need not hesitate long to imitate
their noble example of patriotism and lovo of
country. What they did was for us, their de-
scendants, that we might enjoy the priceless
blessings of. a free and united Government; and
let us so act as to hand down these blessings to
our children.
" The greatest glory of a free-born people,
Is to transmit that freedom to their children."
But, sir, what is the remedy proposed for the
anticipated wrongs of the South? It is scccssion—
peaceable secession, as it is called—but in fact, re-
bellion. 'Now this idea of a State going1 out of the
Union just when she pleases, and upon whatever
cause she pleases, ana without any cause at all, is
so contrary to all just notions of the charaetcr of
our form of government, that it cannot and must
not be tolerated. Why, sir, acknowledge the right
of each State to do this, and where is our boasted
Union. It is nothing but a rope of sand, of no
strength whatever to hold the States together, and
which may be broken at any moment at the more
caprice, prejudice, and folly of the people. All
that a State would then have to do, on the passage
of any law of Congress distasteful to her, or the
election of a President of whom she disapproves,
or upon tx mere whim, would be to proclaim her-
self out of the Union, and throw herself back upon
her offended dignity, and what she calls her re-
served and sovereign rights. This whole theory
of a peaceable secession is mteily fallacious, and
was never dreamed of by the men who formed the
Federal Constitution and established our form of
government. If it had been the intention of the
framers of that Constitution to give to any State
this right of secession, a provision to that effect
would doubtless have been inserted in it. But,
no; the authors of that sacred instrument wen* en-
deavoring to form a Union not to be broken, but
one that would be permanent, enduring for ages,
and forever. Why, sir, the very fust words of the
preamble to the Constitution which greet om
vision go to show that its establishment was for
the purpose of forming "a more perfect Union."
Yes, " a more perfect Union." These are the
very words of the Constitution itself. And yet
we are to be told that, under that instrument, the
work of great patriots and .statesmen, aud made
chiefly to bind the States in one strong and en-
during bond, any one State, or more, nmy peace-
ably, with 01 without cause, withdraw from the
Union, and destroy the national Government.
If Much a doctrine is true, then the Federal Con-
stitution is a failure, and our Government is a fail-
ure, and the men who framed them both have
utterly failed in accomplishing what they most
certainly intended, aud so declared, "a more
perfect Union."
This idea of secession, however, is nothing new
in the history of tho country. It was started years
ago, by one of the leading and most gifted men of
the South—John C. Calhoun, of South Carolina.
And ever since his day theie has been lurking
about in that State the dark and treasonable de-
sign of disunion. South Carolina has been restless
for years, and nothing, it seems, will satisfy her
but to go out of the Union, and drag down the
national Government, in the language of one of
lwr talented-but impulsive sons, " from tunet to
foundation stone." And yet this day South Car-
olina is suffering from no oppression, or any ac-
tual wrong at the hands of the Federal Govern-
ment. The domestic institution of slavery is safe
within her borders; and she has no just cause to
complain of the non-execution of the fugitive slave
law, as none of her slaves, or very few, at least,
ever run away or escape. This idea of secession
is claimed on the ground that the Federal Consti-
tution is a compact between sovereign States, and
that, each State being sovereign,-a withdrawal
from the Union is but an exercise of their sover-
eignty. But, sir, I deny that the Constitution was
an act of the States, or State Legislatures, or ema-
nated from them at all. It was the act of the peo-,
pie, and of the whole people, and they alone estab-
lished it. In the language of the preamble of the
Constitution, <%We,iho people of the United States,
inorder,"&c., " do ordain and establish this Con-
stitution for the United States of America." It
was the work of the people themselves, and a com-
pact and agreement between them, and not the
States. And hencc the people alone have a right
to modify and change the Constitution and their
form of government.
It is not true in fact, however, as contended,
that the States are wholly sovereign and independ-
ent. In becoming parts of one great national
Government, they parted with ccrtain attributes
of sovereignty to that Government, for the com-
mon good of all the States. No State has a right
to make treaties, declare war, levy taxes, &c. All
these acts of sovereign power can alone be exer-
cised by the General Government. And besides,
the citizens of each State owe allegiance to the
Federal Government, and are bound to obey the
Federal Constitution, and all laws passed by Con-
gress in conformity with it. In fact, if any State
should make a law contrary to that Constitution,
her citizens owe obedience to that instrument
first, as the supreme law, in preference to the
law of their own State, which they may utterly
disregard. It is idle, then, to maintain for a State
complete sovereign power, as if the States were
masters of the Federal Government, and could
destroy it at pleasure. Said the great Webster,
on a great and memorable occasion, in the other
branch of Congress:
" This Government, sir, is the independent offspring of
the popular will. Nay, more, if the whole truth must be
told, the people brought it into existence, established it, and
have hitherto supported it, for this very purpose, among
otheis, of imposing ccrtain salutary restraints on State ?*ov-
eicignties, The States cannot make war; they cannot con-
tra* t alliances ; they cannot make cach tor itself separate
regulations of commerce ; they cannot lay imposts ; they
cannot coin money."
The right of revolution is altogether another
and diflerent thing from the right of a peaceable
secession, which is churned as entirely consistent
with the Federal Constitution and our form of
national Government. If those southern States
which ilesue to go out of the Union, and break
up the Government, base their action on the
inherent nght of revolution in the people to
change and overthrow the Government under
which they live, in case of intolerable wrong
and oppression, no one can dispute this right.
But they do not claim this revolutionary right;
nor is there any such intolerable wrong and op-
pression. This* right of a State or people thereof
to absolve themselves from all allegiance to the
Federal Government, without the consent of the
rest cannot be admitted. It was long ago dis-
puted and utterly exploded in a most masterly
argument, the nullification proclamation of An-
drew Jackson, who was called, as President, to
exert his great talents, patriotism, and firmness,
in then crushing the hydra-headed monster dis-
union. In his bold and determined language:
•'The tight of the people of a single State to absolve
themselves at will, and without ihe consent ot the othci
Si.ue<!, liom their mo^t solemn obligations, and hazard the
liberties and happine^ of the millions compiling this
1'mon, cannot be acknowledged. Such authority is be-
lieved to be uttcrlv repugnant both to the principles upon
which the General Government is constituted, and to the
objects which it is cxpre^ly loaned to attain."
But, sir, in case a State docs secede, and declare
herself out of the Union, as has already been
done, what then ? Is she to be coerced back into
the Union, or permitted to depart in peace, and set
up for herself as an independent and sovereign
Power? If by coercion is meant a declaration of
war against her, then 1 am not for that; but if it
means the faithful execution of the laws of the
Federal Government, then I am for their execu-
tion. But it may be asked, how are you going
to execute your laws in a seccding State where
the people have abolished all the Federal courts,
and dispensed with all Federal judges and officers
to carry out the laws? There, for instance, is
South Carolina. Ilow are you to execute the
laws of the Fedeial Government in that State,
where there are no United States courts, and 110
United States district attorneys or marshals ? In
her case, I would reply as follows: if she does
not desire within her borders such courts or such
officers for the administration of justice, be it so.
The inconveniences of such a course only fall
upon her own people. If she does not desire,
! either, the benefits of the United States mail, be it
i so; and let her people be at the expense and
I trouble of making their own postal arrangements.
And if she also desires to be without United States
Senators and Representatives on this floor, be it
so. The Federal Government will still move on,
notwithstanding their absence.
But there are certain laws which the Govern-
ment must carry out, and those appertain to the
collection of the revenue. The collection of the
revenue of this Government cannot be interfered
with by the people of South Carolina without
resistance. That revenue can be collected at
the harbor of Charleston, under the flag of the
United States floating at the mast-head of our
ships-of-war, and from the parapet of that im-
pregnable fortress, Sumter, now in charge of that
brave and gallant soldier, Anderson, whose mili-
tary genius and devotion to the rights and honor
of his country have covered his name with im-
perishable glory. And, sir, I am happy to have
it in my power to commend the President for re-
sisting the strong appeals made to him to with-
draw that bold and faithful officer from the only
safe and sure position where the rights and prop-
trty of the Government can be effectually pro-
tected. Let the President only remain firm, now
that he has assumed a bold and patriotic position
on the side of the Constitution and Union. It is
unfortunate that he had not done so at an earlier
day, and placed all the forts at Charleston and
along the southern coast in such a complete state
of defense as would have dissipated alTidea of
their capture. If he had only taken this pre-
cautionary step, in my opinion, the onward
march of disunion would have been arrested, and
the passions of southern men given way to sober
reflection and to a real sense of their mad and
dangerous undertaking. But even at this late
hour, I hail with grateful emotions his patriotic
determination to execute the laws and maintain
the rights and dignity of the Federal Govern-
ment. And in this determination he will be fully
and cordially sustained by the American people
everywhere who lovo their country, and intend
to uphold and defend a Government which, if
once destroyed, can never, never be replaced.
I am, sir, for peace; and will sustain any fair
and honorable measure to preserve it, as I have
already intimated, between the North and South.
In this perilous crisis, it is my intention to rise
above mere party, and act for my country, my
whole country, and nothing but my country. No
man is more opposed to a war than I am—a
war, too, between brothers. • I could enter with
my whole heart, and with alacrity, into a con-
test with any foreign Power which invaded our
rights, and insulted our flag. But to go into
a deadly contcst with those of my own land is
enough to sicken and chill the heart, and renders
the very thought of war indescribably horrible.
And yet the laws of the land must be sustained
and enforced. The President has sworn to sup-
port the Constitution of the United States, and so
have we. The people of this country expect us
to do it with strict fidelity, at all and every haz-
ard. The faithful observance of the Constitution
and execution of the laws is no war. It is no just
cause for a war, although a war might result from
it. But if it should arise from any such cause,
who will bring itupon us? Those States and peo-
ple wTiich violate all plighted faith in cominginto
the Union, and now go out of it, setting the Con-
stitution and laws at open defiance, and boldly
seizing upon the property of the Federal Govern-
ment.
The faithful execution of the laws is not only
neccssary foi the protection of the rights and prop-
erty of the Government; but for the very exist-
ence of the Government itself. And if there is not
sufficient power in this Government to enforce its
own laws, protect its own property, and resist
open rebellion to its lawful authority, it is high
time the American people should know and un-
derstand the weakness of their Government. If
this is the case, such a Government is not worth
living under or preserving; and I am for another,
of more strength, and which has the power to ex-
ecute its laws, protect its property, and preserve
its own dignity and character. But, in my opin-
ion, our Government is good enough, and strong
enough. All that is requisite is, that the men who
are placed at its head should be faithful to their
high tiust, aud be vigilant sentinels on the watch-
tower of American liberty. " The price of liberty
is eternal vigilance." Our liberty was won by
the blood and treasure of patriots and heroes, and
