1356
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
obtained in any manner whatever. The people
of the country ought to be aroused to this condi-
tion of things; they ought to hackle on their
armor; and, as Tennessee has done, (God bless
her!) by the exercise of the elective franchise, by
going to the ballot-box under a new set of load-
ers, they wili i*epudiate and put down those men
who have carried these States out and usurped a
government over their heads. I trust m God that
the old flag of the Union will never be struck. 1
hope it may long wave, and that we may long
hear the national air sung:
" The star-spangled banner, long may it wave,
O'er the land of the tree and the home of tnc brave !"
Long may we hear old Hail Columbia, that
good old national air, played on all our martial
instruments! long may we hear,and never repu-
diate, the old tune of Yankee Doodle! Long may
wave that gallant old flag which went through the
Revolution, and which was borne by Tennessee
and Kentucky at the battle of New Orleans, upon
that soil the right to navigate the Mississippi
near which they are now denied. Upon that
bloody field the stars and stripes waved in triumph;
and, in the language of another, the Goddess of
Liberty hovered around when " the rocket's red
glare'1 went forth, indicating that the battle was
paging, and watched the issue: and the conflict
grew fierce, and the issue was doubtful; butwhen,
at length,victory perched upon your stars and
your stripes, it was then on the plains ot N-w
Orleans that the Goddess of Liberty made her
loftiest flight, and proclaimed victory in strains of
exultation. WiilTennessee ever desert the grave
of him who bore it in triumph, or desert the flag
that he waved with success? No; we were in the
Union before some of those States were spoken
into existence; and we intend to remain in, and
insist upon—as we have the confident belief we
shall get—all our constitutional rights and protec-
tion in the Union, and under the Constitution of
the country. [Applause in the galleries.]
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr Fitcii m
the chair.) Lt will become the unpleasant, but
imperative, duty of the Chair to clear the galleries.
Mi. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I have done.
[The applause was renewed, and was louder
and more general than before. Hisses were suc-
ceeded by applause, and cheers were given and
reiterated, with " three eheeis more for Johnson."]
Che PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sergeant-
nt-Arins will immediately clear the galleries, and
the order will not be rescinded.
[As tiie assistants of the Sergeant-at-Aims pro-
ceeded to execute the order, many of the specta-
tors hissed and clapped, stumped their feet, and
indulged iri olhct expressions of feeling.]
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sergeant-
at-Arms wil' arrest every man ho can find who is
guilty ol this disorderly conduct; ;uid after the
galleries are cleared, the doors will he locked.
Mr. RICE. 1 ask for the reading of the luie
that authorizes the Chair to clear the galleiies.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The rule will
no( be lend. The Chan has passed the order,
and noiuie will he read and no business done
until the galieues aie cleaied.
Mr. MASON Business must bo suspended
until ordoi is restored.
Mr KENNEDY If in order. I should like
to ask 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Nothing is in
order; no motion can be entertained until the gal-
ieues are cleared.
Mr. KENNEDY. T should like to know if it
is m Older to move (hat the doois shall be locked:
M). WILSON. 1 hope the eastern [the ladies]
galleiy will lx- clean d also.
The PRESIDING OFFICER The order is
general; ail will be cleaied.
After an interval of ten minutes, during which
the gentlemen's gallery had been cleared, but
many spectators still remained m the ladies' gal-
lery,
Mr. PUGII. I should like to know if the
Sergeant-at-Arms has executed the order of the
Senate
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
hopes that Senators will preseive oider on the
floor while the galleries are being cleared.
The order having been executed by clearing the
galleries and locking the doors leading to them,
the Presiding Officer announced that the business
of the Senate would be proceeded with.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Forney, announced that the House had
passed the following bills and joint resolutions of
the Senate: , 4
A bill (No. 19) legalizing certain entries of
lands on Leavenworth island, in the State of
Missouri;
A bill (No. 399) for the relief of Thomas G.
Corbin;
A bill (No. 565) for the relief of Lewis War-
rington, paymaster, United States Navy;
A bill (No. 567) donating to the States of Min-
nesota and Oregon certain lands reserved by Con-
gress for the Territories of Minnesota and Oregon;
A jointresolution (No.45) authorizing the issue
of the same quota of arms to the State of Califor-
nia for the years 1850 and 1851 as was issued to
that State in 1852;
A joint resolution (No. 65) authorizing Captain
William L. Hudson, of the United States Navy,
to accept a diamond brooch for his wife, presented
to her by the Emperor of Russia;
A joint resolution (No. 67) authorizing W. H.
Smiley, United States commercial agent at the
Falkland Islands, to receive a telescope tendered
to him by the Belgian Government.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message further an nou need that the Speaker
had signed the following enrolled bills; which
thereupon received the signature of the Vice Pres-
ident:
A bill (S. No. 149) making appropriations to
supply a deficiency in the appropriations for the
completionof the geological survey of Oregon and
Washington Territories;
A bill (S. No. 270) for the relief of John H.
Wheeler;
A bill (S. No. 501) for the relief of Henry Rice;
A hill.(S. No. 562) to provide for a temporary
government for the Territory of Dakota, and to
create the office of surveyor general therein;
A bill (S. No. 563) to organize the Territory
of Nevada;
A bill (H. R. No. 971) making appropriations
for the service of the Post Office Dcpaitnient during
the fiscal year ending the 30th of .Tune, 1862; and
A bill (H. R. No. 1007) declaring the value of
the new silver florin of Austria.
SUNDAY SESSION.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I suppose, Mr. Presi-
dent, that there is no probability of our closing
the session, with any thing like decent attention to
the business of the Senate, to-night. I think the
circumstances which surround us require us to
meet to-morrow, Sunday.as it is. I move, there-
fore, that when the Senate adjourns, it adjourns
to meet to-morrow at eleven o'clock, the usual
hour. I hope it will be adopted.
Mr. BRIGHT. I hope so too. It has been
done before.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. It has been done.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Fitch.)
The Senator will permit the Chair to renicuk, that
a motion to adjourn, if carried, would be, in the
estimation of the Chair, a vote of the Senate to
adjourn until that hour, unless some other order
! was specially made, or unless there be sumo rule
I on the subject.
i Several SF.v\roiis. Not Sunday.
1 Mr. HUNTER. We adjourn until Monday,
I unless theie is a special order to the contrary.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Senators are
correct. It would be an adjournment until Mon-
day. It requires a special motion to meet to-
nio rro w.
j Mr. BRIGHT. The motion of the Senator
from Kentucky is, to adjourn until to-moirow at
i eleven o'clock, as a special order.
| Mr. CRITTENDEN, I move, as a special
i order, that the Senate adjourn until to-morrow at
: eleven o'clock.
i Mr. TRUMBULL. I wish to make a sugges-
! tion. I shall agree with the Senator from Ken-
tucky to adjourn until to-morrow; but I was
about to suggest to him that it is evident we shall
■ have a night session, which will run, mostlikely,
i into Monday; and to save the scruples of some
| gentlemen, 1 suggest that we adjourn until seven
' o'clock to-morrow evening, and then we may
have a night session, and continue on till Mon-
. day. If we meet to-morrow at eleven o'clock, we
shall probably run into the night at any rate. I
should prefer—and I am quite sure some other
Senators around me would—that, instead of ad-
journing until eleven o'clock to-morrow, we ad-
journ until to-morrow-evening at seven o'clock.
Mr. DIXON. Six.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Or six. I do not care
about the hour.
Mr. RICE. Mr. President 
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I can only assure my
friend from Illinois that I fear nothing will be
done at that time. If we meet at all, we should
meet at the usual hour. I would respectfully
suggest 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair is
under the necessity of asking members to pre-
serve order. The Chair understood that the Sen- •
ator from Illinois had closed his remarks, and he
recognized the Senator from JMinnesota.
Mr. RICE. I asked a few moments ago for
the reading of the rule that authorised the Pre-
siding Officer to clear the galleries.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
inform the Senator that there is no special rule of
the kind.
Mr. RICE. I perhaps was wrong in that; but
I have observed during this entire session, upon
every exciting occasion, an overflowing of the
galleries; and instead of censuring the persons who
have occupied the seats there, i think the blame
rested with the Senate. I believe it was the duty
of the Presiding Officer to have issued orders that
no greater number should be admitted to the gal-
leries than could be comfortably seated. That
rule has been invariably disregarded: and the gal-
leries have been crowded to overflowing. Had
proper decorum been observed, no more would be
have been admitted than could be comfortably
seated, and then the officers of the Senate could
point out those who were disposed to disturb the
proceedings of the Senate. I do hope, although
we have arrived at this late hour, that the Senate
will take some order to correct this. Let proper
officers be stationed at the doors, and no more
peisons admitted than can be comfortably seated,
and then the disturbers of the peace can be pointed
out. When there are only three or four who are
so disposed, that they should cause four or five
hundred respectable people to be turned out, is an
| insult to the country and derogatory to the dig-
! nity of the Senate, i hope that older Senators will
take this matter in hand, and see that it be prop-
! crly provided for heieaftcr.
! Mr. KENNEDY. If it be in order, I should
• like to move that for the residue of the session
the doors of the galleiies be locked. No one has
! more respect for popular opinion than myself, but
| I like to see that popular opinion expressed in the
i proper place. It certainly is not to be expressed
! in the Senate of the United States. I think the
; insult offered to the dignity of this body to-day,
! has been the most glaring insult ever offered to
' the dignity of the Senate since the Government
| has been formed.
I Air. RICE. The same thing has occurred forty
| times this session.
i Mr. KENNEDY. Not one time to one tenth
K the extent. The Chair remonstrated, and while
j' the remonstrance was being made by the Chan*
the popular outburst was so overwhelming and
insulting, as to render the Senate Chamber noth-
: ing more nor less than a market-house mob.
;| Mr. MASON. With great respect, 1 call the
j, Senator to order. There is a question pending,
and his motion, therefore, is not in order.
Mr. KENNEDY. I yield.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I have allowed these
interpolations, or rather, I could not prevent
them.
The PRESIDING OFFICER The Chair sup-
posed that the Senatorfroin Kentucky had yielded
the floor.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I move that when the
Senate"adjourn, it be to ineetto-morrow at eleven
o'clock.
Mr. POLK. For one, I do not see the neces-
sity for any such thing. I think we had better
; go on with our session, and we can piobablydis-
1 charge the remaining duties of the session with-
! out the necessity of sitting to-morrow. Forone,
j 1 shall not come here, unless it is a matter of
I overruling necessity; especially will I not vote
j deliberately to meet to-morrow morningateleven
[ o'clock. I do not think there is any necessity
