398
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 15,
expand; that it shall be confined to its present
limits, thereby insuring its final destruction* The
Constitution, according to his interpretation of
it, is n&mterposition to the accomplishment of
these ends. The guarantee of one of the plainest
provisions of that instrument has not" only been
disregarded, but niue or ten States have enacted
legislative acts designed and intended to prevent
the execution of the "fugitive slave act" made
for thepieservation of our property, in conformity
to an express provision of the Constitution. And
one of these States but the other day—yes, Penn-
sylvania, the Keystone of the Federal arch—sol-
emnly and deliberately, in view of the impending
perils that now environ our Union, refused to
repeal its unjust and unconstitutional legislation.
With all these evidences before us, and number-
less others, of the ultimate annihilation of our
property and the destruction of our rights, is
there any class of men so blinded by passion,
prejudice, or fanaticism, as to suppose for a mo-
ment that we will remain in the Union, and sub-
mit to these wrongs? If the people of the non-
slaveholding States wore occupying our position,
educated in thought, fceling,and sentiment as we
are, with $4,000,000,000 worth of propei ty vested
in slaves, could they—would they submit? Never;
no, never! Why not, then,exemplify thatgoiden
rule, so necessary to the peace and happiness of
the world: " Do unto others as you would they
should do unto you" under like circumstances.
I am not here to-day to utter threats or menaces
—that day has passed away—1 am uttering that
which you know, and 1 feel to be true. You
know, as well as I do, that this slavery agitation
is rapidly culminating in the ovnrthiow of one
of the noblest Republics that earth ever behold;
and nothing short of the most expansive and ex-
alted patriotism, sustained by the most godlike
forbearance on the part of the people of the slave
States, has preserved it thus Ion?.
Missouri, the State that 1 have the honor in
part to represent, though assailed upon every side
—suffering more injury from the enemies of sla-
very than any othoi State in the Union—was dis-
posed to bear these wiongs, so long as there was
a reasonable hope for their redress, and allow to
the people of the free States time to reconsider
their action, and finally determine whether their
prejudices against our institution, for which they
are not responsible, and which should not con-
cern thetn, are stronger than their love for the
Union. If they still value the Union, and arc
desirous of preserving it, all they have to do, is
to give us that which our fathers left us—peace,
security, equal rights, and equal privileges, under
the Constitution of our common country. If you
•willrepeal your "personal liberty bills recognize
property in slaves; enforce the execution of the
•'fugitive slave act; "permit us, as did your fathers,
to travel through the country with our properly
unmolested; let us go to the Territories of the
United States—property for which we shed our
blood and paid our money—with our slaves, and
have them protected while the country remains
in a territorial condition, cease to mleifere with
slavery where it now exists; cease to abuse and
denounce us—then fraternal relations can be re-
stored between us, and upon no olhtr terms; then
this Union can be preserved; the States that have
seceded reunited; and we still maich on to further
attainments in greatness and renown. The enjoy-
ment of these constitutional guarantees by us does
not interfere with any of your rights, retard youi
prosperity, lessen the value of your property, or
endanger your lives, and those of your wives and
your children: while, on the othei hand, they aie
necessary to secure to us these rights and bless-
ings.
In the event of a denial of these constitutional
rights to the people of my State, I see no other
alternative but servile submission and degrada-
tion on the one hand, or secession on the other;
which of the two she will choose, I think there
can be no doubt, it is evident that she cannot
be injured in any of her social, commercial, or
mateiiai interests, by uniting with a southern con-
fedeiation. Possessing her immense territory—
unsut passed in climate, the richness of her soil,
the vanety of her productions, the extent of her
minerals, with a larger population than any of <
her southern sisters, save one, she certainly would, I
under the fostering care of that Government, be- I
come one of the greatest and wealthiest States in I
the new confederation. She would furnish the
South with horses, mules, cattle, hogs, hemp,
lead, iron, copper, and a large amount of man-
ufactured articles, protected as she would be, by
a moderate tariff for revenue; she would, to a
great extent, get rid of the competition she now
has, in that market, from the non-slaveholding
States. We certainly have nothing to lose, so
far as our material interests are involved, by con-
necting our destiny with our southern friends.
Then, and I fear not till then, will we have our
rights protected, and escape fiom the continual
strife, troubles, and annoyances to which we are
constantly subjected by our northern neighbors.
But, notwithstanding all these things, our loyalty
and attachment to this Union is such, that we
pi eler to remain a part of this great Confederacy,
if our rights can and will be protected, and we
permitted to enjoy our property in peace and se-
curity. If this boon is to be denied us, Mis-
souri will not long hesitate to go where her honor
and her interest invite her to go.
I regret, however, that candor compels mc to
say, that I entertain serious appiehensions that
the North will never again concede to us our just
and full constitutional lights—never permit us to
live upon terms of peace and equality; that her
hostility to the institution of slavery is. so violent
and uncompromising, that she will never again
cease to assail it as long as it exists in the Union.
The North, however, should temember that the
"tapult of such a coyrsc is the inevitable dismem-
ocrment of the Union, and the eternal postpone-
ment of a reconstruction of the Government.
Momentous events, now thronging rapidly upon
us, must surely satisfy you of the unfaltering de-
termination of the South, whether in or outof the
Union, to defend and preserve her slave property,
at every sacrifice of blood and treasure that may
be demanded.
We are told that the difficulties between the
North and the South should be compromised, in
order that the Union may be preserved. Sir, I
greatly desire that this Union shall be saved; there
is no peisonal sacrifice that I would not make to
peipuuate this Union, for all time to come, with
the provisions of the Constitution fully and fairly
enforced. Without the guarantees of that instru-
ment, I hesitate not to say that the Union is a
curse, and the Government a despotism. What
compromise do you suppose the South will ever
make, yielding more than is surrendered by the
amendments proposed by the eloquent and patri-
otic Senator from Kentucky? That proposition
is so libeial as to exclude us, with our propeity,
fiom three fourths of the Territories of the United
States, while you are allowed to occupy, equally
with us, the remaining one fourth, south of 360
'MY and enjoy an equal right with us, m the form-
ation of State constitutions south of that line.
And although the Supreme Court of the United
States—the ablest and most impaitial tribunal
known to the country—uninfluenced by party
clamor and party feeling, have decided that we
have the right, under the Constitution, to go to all
the Tei ntories of the United States with our slave
property, and have it protected; still, patriotism,
an aident love for the Union formed by our fath-
ers, constiain us to yield and accept the proposi-
tion—you have refused* and I doubt not, will
continue to refuse, and thereby rend asunder all
the ties that bind the Union together. Be it so;
the responsibility, with all its fearful consequences,
will rest upon you, not us.
My section of the Union have never asked nor
demanded more than its constitutional lights.
You surely do not entertain so contemptible an
opinion of us as to suppose that we will sunen-
der them at your bidding, and thereby make our-
selves lnfeiiors m this Government. The major-
ity of the people of the free States have presump-
tuously, to say the least of it, by the election of
Mr. Lincoln, with the indorsement of his views
and principles, decided, as we believe, that we
shall not have them; the southern people are un-
alterably determined that they will; if not m the
Union, then out of it. And to-day, speaking
from this Capitol, I hesitate not to say that, in
myjudgmcnt, Missouri and theother border slave
States, should meet in convention as early m the
month of February as practicable; and if, by the
time they assemble, Congress shall not have pro-
posed amendments to the Constitution whereby
their rights shall be fully protected, they should
adopt one of two alternatives: either secede from
the Union, and reconstruct the Government, in
whole or in part, by the readoption of the Con-
stitution of the United States, with explanatory
amendments, giving us ample protection, and set-
ting at rest the agitation of the slavery question
forever, and inviting the other States to accept it;
or they should present their ultimatum—the terms
upon which they are willing to remain in the
Union—allowing sufficient time for action on the
part of the free States; and if notaccepted by them,
they should all secede, and form another confed-
eiaiion, whereby they could secure the full en-
joyment of all their rights, and live in peace and
security. I would also suggest, most respectfully,
to the Legislatuie of my State, now in session,
that, as a measure of peace, prudence, and safety,
the military system of Missouri should be imme-
diately reorganized. The militia should be armed,
and all efficient preparations made necessary to
our protection and defense, in any emergency,
without a moment's delay.
Mr. Chairnmn, I piopose now to say a few
words to my friends m the slaveholding States
that still remain in the Union. We are evidently
in the midst of a great crisis, involving consider-
ations of the deepest and most profound interest.
Never was an occasion presented to intelligent
men that demanded the exercise of more coolness,
firmness, deliberation, wisdom, and prudence,
than the present. What means- this movement in
which we are engaged ? In the language of another,
" it means that this confederation of States shall
be broken up,and its fragments scattered; thatthe
flag which has carried our name so proudly all
over the globe—the signal of hope and protection
to the oppressed everywhere—shallbe struck, and
known no more among the nations of the earth; it
means the overthrow of our national greatness,
the extraction of our national hope." Let civil
war attend it, and "it means spreading all over
our land social alienations; the sundering of fam-
ilies and fiiends; mistrust, jealousy,commercial
derangement,loss, wrong, violence, injury, retal-
iation; all this it means, and much more that can
be imagined."
I n view of these tremendous consequences, with
due deference to the judgment of my southern
friends, 1 must be permitted to say that the action
of the Gulf States is too hasty and precipitate.
The step that some of them have taken, aud others
propose speedily to take, is one not only of mo-
ryentous interest to them, but they should remem-
ber that it is one which deeply affect* the action
and interests of the other slaveholding States. It
may involve them in the most serious and compli-
cated difficulties. While I readily concede the
right of a State, at any time, to resume all the
powers originally delegated by her to the General
Government, I submit,in no offensive sense, that
it is not respectful to the border States, nor liberal
and magnanimous, thus suddenly and rashly to
separate from them. It may be that this rapid and
almost momentary action on your part w ill ne-
cessarily precipitate other States into revolution
before they are prepared for such an event.
In such a crisis as this, big with events, in-
volving the destiny of a great people, I think it
exceedingly unwise and injudicious for the slave
States to act without concert, union, andharmony.
We are one in feeling, one in sentiment, one in
interest, and we should be one in a common des-
tiny. We ought not to separate from each other
in the hour of peril, of danger, and of oppression.
We should stand unfalteringly by each other, and
unitedly participate in a common destiny, whether
for weal or woe; and I hope the remaining slave
States will so act. If the self-sacrificing forbear-
ance, patriotism', and love of Union, still abiding
in the people of the States of Virginia and Ken-
tucky, Delaware, Maryland, and Missouri—bor-
der States, continually exposed and subjected to
the assaults consequent upon this anti-slavery
frenzy that has seized upon the people of the
North—induce them to believe that it is their duty
to resoit to other means than immediate disunion,
to ascertain more certainly whether their rights
cannot yet be secured andrespected in the Union,
and this great Confederacy of States preserved;
ought the cotton States, even in justice to them-
selves, to assume the fearful responsibility of sep-
arating from the border States? Common"cour-
tesy and respect, mutuality of interest and fra-
ternal affection, demanded that they should have
