xm
:J BSSION±L GL011;
March 2,
the Treasury, in bonda of the United .States-
atitfroilzed by law at the present session of Congress. '
<?. E. PUGH, ,
A. O.. P. #10801^01^ :
J- R. DOO&rttTkE, ■
-ra.'W. STEVENSON,
Managers on the part of-the House of Representatives.
Mr, PUGH. -Imoveahatthe Senate concur in
the report of'ihis committee of conference and in
the report.ofihe former committee, as thus amend-
edi:>lfeanyexplanations are necessary, I will give
tfte$i£j>therwise, 1 shall not detain the Senate.
vThe motion was agreed to.
r'""' PATENT LAWS.
\^r , Ma DOUGLAS, from the second committee of
conference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on the amendments to the bill (S. No. 10)
irfaddition to " An act to promote the progress of
the useful arts," submitted the following report:
, The committee of conference on the disagreeing votes of
the two Houses, on the amendments to ilio hill (S. No. 10)
• in addition to " An aei to promote the progress of the umjIuI
arte," having met, and alter a full and fiee conference
thereon, agreed to report, and do repoit, us iollovvg:
To su-ike out nil alter tli« word uthat," in the sixteenth
section, ana insert the following: "All patents hereafter
granted shall remain in foice lor the term of seventeen
years from the date of issue; and all extension of such pat-
ents is hereby prohibited." S. A. DOUGLAS,
G. N. FITCH,
Managers on the pat t of the Senate.
S. S.COX,
AUGUSTUS PRANK,
THOMAS J. lJAllR,
Managers on the part oj the House of Representatives.
The report was concurred in.
SUNDAY SESSION.
Mr. BRIGHT. I move to suspend the present
order of business, for the purpose of proceeding
to the consideration of executive business.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair must
first put the question on the motion of the Senator
from Kentucky.
. M-r.SIMMONS. Will the Senator from Ken-
tucky allow me to have a correction made of some
clerical mistake in a bill? I want to have cor-
• rected a few clerical errors in the tariff bill, and 1
desire to present a joint resolution for that pur-
pose.
Mr. HUNTER. I should like lo know what
they are, before it is introduced. I do not agree
yet; let it be read.
The PllESI IJl XG OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator fiom Kentucky yield?
Mr. CRITTENDEN. My motion will take
but a minute. There is nothing to be said about
it. 1 move that when the Senate adjourn, it be
to meet at eleven o'clock to-morrow, the 3d of
March.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I doubt very much the
propriety or good taste of doing that. We have
been indulged by the .country repeatedly in ex-
tending our sitting of Saturday, when Sunday was
the last day of tile session, until noon on Sunday;
and that has been excused in consideration of the
pressing nature of the business, and the fact that
we had not finished it. If, however, we should
adjourn at the present time, or very soon, after
working here in the afternoon, deliberately oyer
until Sunday, and,after spending the intervening
time, or as much of the time as we deem proper,
in sleep and refreshment, coine here to work on
that day, I doubt very much whether it would be
considered and looked at with favorable eyes by
anybody. I am ready to go on now, in order
to complete the business of the Senate proper, or
to take action on the lesolutions to which gentle-
men have referred, whatever they may be. I am
perfectly willing to sit here so long as Senators
deem proper, and to act upon them so far as I am
concerned; and if that sitting here carries us into
Sunday, very well. We must go on with the
business until such time as everybody becomes
satisfied that we cannot act to more advantage by
remaining. I suggest this to Senators because I
believe it to be a matter well worthy of their con-
sideration. 1 am willing to labor as long as my
strength holds out, and to go£n with the proper
business of the country, whether it is a resolution
or anything else; but the idea of our adjourning
now at this time, or within an hour or two, when
we cannot be exhausted, deliberately over until
to-morrow, which is Sunday, I think will be a
violation ef ail precedent, f never heard of such
'a tiling, and I doubt very much whether we could
reeonclle it to ourselves to do so, on more mature
deliberation. 1 make these suggestions for the
consideration of Senators, not that I have any
particular wish about the subject, or that I desire
to be. considered nicer than other people.
Mr. LANE. I have heard the Senator from
Maine, and I indorse everyword he has said on
the subject of adjourning tomeetagain to-morrow.
I am willing myself to sit hure until Monday at
twelve o'clock, if the business of the country
makesitnecessary; butl shall never give my vote
to adjourn to meet on Sunday. 1 will give my
vote at a proper time to take a recess, to meet on
the Sabbath evening, if you please, and have a
session until Monday at twelve o'clock; but I
trust the Senate will not agree to a deliberate ad-
journment to meet to-morrow. Why cannot we
sit here until we have a vote on anything that my
good friend from Kentucky desires ? 1 will say
for one Senator, that I will not say one word upon
any question; but will stay here with him until
we get a vote upon every proposition.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. The rules of the Senate
do not permit it; and gentlemen will not dispense
with the rules.
Mr. LANE. I trust they will dispense with
the rules, so that there can be no obstacle to our
remaining and having a vote upon any proposi-
tion that it may be necessary to pass; but let us
not adjourn until to-morrow.
Mr. BAYARD. If it is in order, I should like
to move to amend the motion by inserting "half
past twelve o'clock," instead of "eleven o'clock;"
and then I will vote for it.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I agree to that. I ac-
cept that modification.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is moved
that when the Senate adjourn, it adjourn to meet
to-morrow, the 3d of March, at half past twelve
o'clock.
Mr. HARLAN. I want to record my vote
against the motion; and hence I ask for the yeas
and nays.
Mr. CLARK. Is the motion in order at this
time ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is.
Mr. CLAUIC. What has become of the peace
propositions which were before the Senate when
the order of the Senate was made to clear the gal-
leries? No motion has been made to suspend
thorn. It must be by unanimous consent.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. No objection
was made, and it is too late now to make it.
Mr. DOUGLAS. We have done half a dozen
things since.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. KENNEDY. Before the question is put,
I should like know if the motion I made a short
time ago is not in order. If the motion to adjourn
now shall carry, I think it all important, if we meet
to-moirow, that we sit with closed doors.
The PRESIDING OFFJICER. The Senator
can make that motion. That is a distinct question.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. It is-evident if we do
not adjourn to-morrow, and have a session to-
morrow, we cannot act on the resolution which
the House of Representatives have sent us, and
which they suppose will quiet the country, and
prevent the further spread of insurrection and se-
cession.
Mr. HARLAN. I desire to make on"© remark
only. I recognize the principle that the Senator
from Kentucky has mentioned. If a necessity
should arise which will crowd uson to the hoursof
Sabbath in order to transact the public business, I
am willing to be here and aid in its transaction, so
far as my vote is concerned; but that necessity
has not arisen. We are here in the Chamber a
few minutes after six o'clock on Saturday even-
ing. It will be time enough to agree to meet on
the hours of the Sabbath after the necessity shall
have arisen. In the course of the next six hours,
the condition of our business may be materially
changed.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Have you not already
decided that the House joint resolution shall not
be considered until to-morrow r You have claimed
that it shall be read on three separate days. To-
morrow must be one of the days, and you object
to sitting then.
Mr. KING. The Sabbath is no day in law for
business, and 1 hope the Senate will not proceed
in open violation of the Sabbath.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. The meaning.of all this
is,"that the Senate shall not have the responsi-
bility of Voting on that resolution. There are
many Senators here who voted to-day for the sec- .
ond reading of the resolution; and many Senators v
who are here now have made it necessary to sit
to-morrow; they have erected a perfect security
to themselves against being called upon to take
the responsibility of voting on it. That is the
meaning of it; and the honorable Senator from
New York, I have no doubt, in his usual candor,
will avow that that is the object.
Mr. ICING. I think there is no business that
we need do to-morrow. I voted against the sec-
ond reading of the resolution referred to by the
Senator, and I shall vote against the third reading;
but I do not look upon these liule matters as things
calculated to save this Union.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Very little matters!
very small matters, Mr.Tresident!
3\1 r. KING. The Union rests in the affections
and the hearts of the people. That is its security.
I will not violate the Sabbath.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Violate the Sabbath!
You are keeping the Sabbath holy, holier than
you have kept any day in the week, by serving
your country on that day, endeavoring to save it
fiom bloodshed and ruin. That is the question,
whether you will keep a nominal observance of
the Sabbath which may produce all these things.
1 do not say you design them, gentlemen, but
there are many of us who do think that that may
be the consequence.
Mr. HARLAN. If I am correctly informed
as to the condition of the business before the Sen-
ate, the Senator from Kentucky is slightly in
error. I understood the Senator fiom Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Bigger] to have introduced a-resolu-
tion, some days since, to suspend the rule which
is in the way of the transaction of the business
that the Senator from Kentucky refers to. Now,
I suppose that a majority of the Senate is compe-
tent to suspend the rule, if it becomes necessary.
I will say frankly to the Senator from Kentucky
that I have no such purpose as that to which he
has alluded. 1 am prepared to vote on the prop-
osition which he is so anxious to pass, and to
record my vote; and I believe it is true of the ma-
jority, at least, if not all of those around me. I
will say further, that I am prepared to vote for
one of the resolutions which will effect much that
the Senator from Kentucky desires.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. We cannot do it to-
day.
Mr. HARLAN. By taking up and acting on
the resolution which the Senator fiom Pennsyl-
vania has already introduced, I think we may
do so.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. If you will vote for it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish to make another
suggestion. I do not see the necessity of this.
Suppose we keep on with public business, as we
are doing, until after the expiration of this day,
and then adjourn to meet to-morrow evening, at
seven or eight o'clock, after sun down, when the
Sabbath hascxpired* that is comingon to the third
day.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Fitch.)
Yankee Sabbath.
Mr. FESSENDEN. But it is the third day.
I do not suppose the public business will be then
closed; but, having spent the day properly—as I
suppose all Senators do—we can in the evening
go on. As a matter of course, if we adjourn to
the evening, it is a separate day; it would be the
3d of March, and to-day is the 2d. 1 do not see
the difficulty that is suggested by Senators.
Mr. BIGLER. I think, from the general dis-
position now manifested, we can soon vote on my
resolution suspending the rule. 1 confess I am
very anxious to get clear of the alternative pre-
sented by the Senator from Kentucky. I would
rather suspend the rule; and I think that is the
disposition of the Senate.
Mr. COLLAMER. It would be much more
convenient to meet to-morrow evening, instead of
to-morrow morning.
Mr. BRIGHT. I hope the Senate will allow
us to vote on the motion of the Senator from Ken-
tucky. Let us dispose of that, and then we can
get at other business.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll upon
the motion of Mr. Crittenden.
Mr. DOOLITTLE, ( when his name wascalled )
