1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
been willing at least to consult and advise with
them, even if they feared a division of sentiment
as to the. line of policy that should at once be
adopted. It seemed to me that the border States,
owing to their dangerous and exposed position,
were entitled to some consideration at the hands
of the Gulf States. They should remember that
we occupy the position of a rampart between
them and the non-slaveholding Stales; that we
stand at the very threshold of danger; that in the
event of a civii war, our border citics are to be
sacked, our homes are to be burned, our fields to be
desolated, our wives and children to seek security
elsewhere, while the contending aimics engage
in a .conflict upon our soil, more terrible and last-
ing than any ever witnessed by the inhabitants of
this continent. Our friends of the extreme South
should have remembered that the slave States
bordering on the free States lmve been the great
sufferers in this conflict. We have lost a thou-
sand times as many negroes as the cotton States,
in consequence of the faithlessness of a portion
of our northern neighbors. The very district that
I represent—bordering on the State of Illinois,
with her tens of thousands of true constitutional
men—has lost more slaves through the instru-
mentality of the underground railroad than any
one of the Gulf States; yea, more, I suspect, than
the whole of them combined; and yet my con-
stituents are unwilling to break up this gieat Con-
federacy of States, to separate from our friends
in Illinois and other States, who have been fight-
ing our battles—who have endeared themselves
to us by their noble efforts and sclf-saarificing
struggles in defense of our constitutional rights—
until further efforts are made to obtain from the
non-slaveholding States justice, security, and the
full enforcement of the guarantees of the Consti-
tution.
Am I and my constituents, without further
efforts at reconciliation, to assume a hostile atti-
tude toward such men as McClernand, Logan,
Fouke, Robintson, and a host of others, who have
hern our friends and defenders, who have faith-
fully and fearlessly discharged all the obligations
devolved upon them by the Constitution and good
neighborship? We may have it to do. I fear we
shall be compelled to do it. But in the name of
all the noble and generous impulses of the human
heart, let lube the last dreadful alternative; let ail
reasonable efforts first be exhausted to obtain our
rights in the Union.
It is now too late, I apprehend; but, in my
judgment, the slaveholding States should, as the
vyisestand most judicious policy, have held a con-
vention, published an explicit declaration of their
constitutional rights, and if denied to them by the
people of the non-slaveholding States, after allow-
ing a reasonable time for their action; or, inter-
fered with by Mr. Lincoln or his administration;
in either event, to have pledged " our lives, our
fortunes, and our s.icied honors," unitedly to
resume the powers that we have heretofoie dele-
gated, and which are now being perverted by our
faithless agenN. Such a course would, in all
probability, have saved the Union, and secured
our rights, peace, and safety. We should even
now continue our efforts yet a little longer, to ob-
tain such amendments to the Constitution as wiil
' forever silence agitation on the subject of slavery.
It may be possible that the Republican party,
soonei than break up this Union, and plunge the
country into civil war, will concede to us our
rights. If they shall continue, however, to refuse,
let all the remaining slave States secede m n body.
We will then have done all that could be de-
manded by the most expansive patriotism and
Christian forbearance. Then we will be fully jus-
tified, in the eyes of God and man, Heaven and
earth, in rending asunder every tie that binds us
to the Union,and estabhshingforoiuselvesanew
confederation. Then we may confidently appeal
to the God of justice to sustain us in the assertion
and maintenance of our rights.
It is yet to be hoped—though frankness de-
mands that T should say I do not believe it—that
our noithern neighbor will realize the fearful
responsibility that rests upon them, and without
delay remove it. They, not we, have invoked this
controversy. They, not we, have originated the
dreadful storm now bursting upon us, by assail-
ing an institution, not only recognized by our
fathers, but established and encouraged by allow-
ing the importation of slaves for twenty years ,
after the formation of the Federal Constitution,
giving to it protection in that instrument, and
basing representation upon it. Could the spirit
manifested by them animate the bosoms and
pervade the minds of their descendants this storm
would be speedily hushed; the portentous clouds
that now overhang our political horizon would
speedily disappear; and sunshine and prosperity,
peace and quietude, would be again restored to
this unhappy country. Who, in this laud of
Washington, ever before beheld, since the days
of the Revolution, such anguish and distress?
The heart of every true patriot bleeds; sadness
and gloom rest upon every countenance. But
the other day we were the most happy and pros-
perous people on earth—the envy of kings, and
the admiration of the world; executing success-
fully the great mission our fathers had assigned
us; and establishing, as we supposed, beyond all
controversy, the capability of man for self-gov-
ernment. But, alas! what a mournful and hu-
miliating spectacle do we this day present to the
world! Our commerce destroyed; our factories
stopped; our Treasury bankrupt; our credit dis-
honored; business of all kinds prostrated; finan-
cial ruin devastating our whole country.
But is this all? Would to God it was! From
it we could recover. But, alas ! that national flag
that has heretofore waved so gloriously and tri-
umphantly over land and sea, the very sight of
which has hitherto inspued the heart and nerved
the arm of every Ameiican citizen; that flag so-
intimately and endearingly associated with the
trophies of Washington, and the deeds of our
illustrious ancestry; thatflagaround which, when-
ever our country was assailed, the North and the
South, as a band of brothers have rallied; that
flag we arc told is to be the rallying cry for the
North to assemble in arms, to meet her southern
brothers in deadly conflict upon the field of battle.
Can it be? Is heaven and earth destined to wit-
ness such a horrid and unnatural sight? Is this
fair land of ours, a joint inheritance from our
fathers, to be drenched in fraternal blood? Are
we, the most intelligent and civilized nation on
earth, to settle our disputes about constitutional
rights by the arbitrament of the sword? No;
surely not. Heaven forbid! If we cannot live
together upon terms of amity and good will with
each other, let us, in the name of humanity and
Christianity, separate in peace, and bid each other
.success in the attainment of happiness, prospeii-
ty, and renown. Civil \yar J,he means by which
this Union is to be preserved! What a terrible
delusion! It is the most certain and efficient
means that wicked men could possibly devise to
destroy it. The cause of South Carolina is the
cause of all the slaveholding States. Strike her,
and you strike them. When you subdue her bold
and patriotic sons, you will have subdued the cit-
izen soldiery of fourteen other sovereign States,
and not till then. It is folly; yea, it is woise
than madness, to entertain the idea for a moment
that you can subjugate the people of one sover-
eign State, much more fifteen States with ten
million freemen. No; it can never be done.
Nothing is to be accomplished by war but eter-
nal separation. The shedding of blood will de-
stroy forever the last hope of a reunion. It will
only produce grief, anguish, and lamentations
throughout the land, and engender eternal hate
bctwten the two sections. No, let the seceding
States alone; treat them with kindness and con-
sideration; amend the Constitution, so as to pro-
tect their rights, and guarantee peace, safety, and
security to them and their property, and they will
return to us again. If, however, the Government
goes entirely to pieces m this storm, let it go in
peace, and we may then be enabled to reconstruct
it on a more enduring basis. Let us not blast it
by the "magnificent folly" of attempting to co-
erce a sovereign State to remain in the Union.
I now appeal to the Representatives of the non-
slaveholding States to propose amendments to the
Constitution that will secure to the South her just
and equal rights: that will stop forever all agita-
tion upon the subject of slavery; give to the coun-
try quiet and repose. Surely the fearful and
extraordinary circumstances that now stirround
us, big with the destiny of this great nation, should
induce us to do it. Is there a Representative in
this Hall so devoid of patriotism, so utterly insen-
sible to the mighty interests involved in this con-
flict—social and fraternal,political,financial, and
commercial—as to refuse-a measure that will not
only prevent anarchy and bloodshed, but will
carry joy and gladness to every part of' our dis-
tracted country ? Refuse it; heed not the voice of
wisdom and patriotism, and terrible will be the
responsibility that will rest upon you. Could'I
this day appeal directly to the great masses of the
northern people, the response would -be heard:
" let it be done!" Reason and common sense
declare that the people of the free States should
have nothing to do with the subject of slavery.
It does not concern them; it is'no business-of
theirs. It is property secured to us by the Con-
stitution, which they do not choose to hold. It
is ours; and we alone should possess the right of
managing, governing, and controlling it, as to us
may seem wisest and best. Sir, the time has
arrived, in the judgment of the southern people,
when the slavery question must be settled or this
Union must be dissolved. The flat has gone forth
'from the entire South; and you may rest assured
that there is now no escape from it. The-crisis
is upon us. It must be met. Sir, if action' is
postponed until seven or eight States secede, and
establish another Confederacy, the .inevitable re-
sult will be that the remaining slave States will
unite with them or form a central Republic, leav-
ing New England, the source of all our woes, to
take care of herself as best she may. The border
States will be forced, by the love of self-preserva-
tion, thus to act. If not, we should be completely
in the power and under the subjection of our
avowed enemies; with them we could not—we
would not—remain.
Let none of us deceive ourselves with the flimsy
hope that after this Confederacy is entirely dis-
membered, and its fragments partly reunited under
one or more confederations, it can ever be recon-
structed as a whole. The diversity of our insti-
tutions, feelings, sentiments, habits, education.,
and interest, are such we can never again agree
upon articles of association. The South will never
consent to enter into another confederation with
New England. We shall part to meet no more.
In view, then, of our unfortunate and embar-
rassed condition, and the mighty responsibilities
pressing upon us, let us, m a spirit of liberality
and wisdom, propose amendments to the Consti-
tution; and thereafter, if they shall be adopted,
let us respecteach others rights, cultivate friendly
feelings and fraternal relations between the two
sections of the Confederacy, and pledge anew our
devotion to the Union. If not approved by a ma-
jority of ihe people of the free States, let the slave
States bid a peaceful adieu to the Union formed
by our fathers, and construct one adapted to the
preservation of our rights, our peace, our secu-
rity, and the age in which we live.
Now, sir, I desire to say that I was surprised
on yesterday to hear my eloquent and distin-
guished friend from Illinois [Mr. McCleknand]
seriously attempting to establish the proposition
that the southern States, in the event of a sep-
aration from this Government, had not the right
to obstruct the free navigation of the Mississippi
river; and that such an act would be resisted to
the shedding of blood by the great Northwest,
While I admit that he demonstrated the correct-
ness of his position beyond all controversy, I
must say that I apprehend there was no necessity
for anticipating such an event. I have never heard
it seriously intimated that the southern States
would attempt the perpetration of an act so un-
just and iniquitous. Surely no man can be found
so bold and reckless, whose declarations are en-
titled to serious consideration, as to deny that
all the States of this Confederacy, whether in or
out of the Union, have not only an unquestioned
interest in, but a right to the free and uninter-
rupted navigation of that mighty river, of which
they cannot rightfully be deprived by any Gov-
crnmenton earth, and which they would be fully
justified in maintaining at the point of the bayo-
net. I can assure the gentleman that, in the event
of Missouri being compel led to unite with a south-
ern confederation, she will raise not only her voice,
but her arm against such an unwarranted assump-
tion of power and unjust assertion of right.
Now, Mr. Chairman, I desire to say a few
words upon the right ofcoercion "and secession,
and I am done. It is contended.by the leaders of
the Republican party, that it is the duty of the
Federal Government to resort to force to compel
a sovereign State to remain in the Union and sub-
