1801.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1850
Upon ail questions concerning this proposition,
fm a shott time, 1 am paired olf with the Senator
fiom Rhode Island, [Mr. Anthony.] I suppose
he would fohow the lead of my fiicnd from Kon-
/ tucky on this matter, and therefore I shall decline
to vote.
M\\ NICHOLSOjN, (when his name was
called.) 1 am paired with the SenatorfromPenn-
sylvania, [Mr. Cameron,] and I suppose this vote
would he embraced in the pair.
The Secretaiy concluded the calling of the roll.
Mr. LATHAM, The Senator from Michigan,
[Mr. Bingham,] a member of the Committee on
Enrolled Bills, having gone with some enrolled
bills to the President, I agreed to pair oil'. 1 do not
know how he would vote. If 1 voted, I would
vote nay;'* but under tiie circumstances, I do
not vote.
Mr. DIXON, (wiao had voted in the negative.) I
ask that my vote may be erased. I think I have
a pair with the Senator from North Carolina, [Mr.
Clingman.]
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator's
vote will be wuluhawn, if there be no objection.
The result was announced—yeas 15, nays 21;
as follows:
YEAS-Mc'r,". Bayard, J3ig!cr, Bragg, Bright, Critten-
den, Douglas?, Fitch, Hemphill, Iiuntei. Johnson ot Ten-
nessee, Kennedy, Mason* Pearce, Pugh. and Seba&tian—15.
NAYS — Messis Chandlei, Clark, 'Coilaniur, Durkee,
Feesenden, Foot, Gimio«, Hale, Ilailan, King, Lane, Mm-
riil, Nicholson, Polk, llice. Simmons, Ten £>ck5 Trumbull,
Wade, Wilkinson, and Wilson—21.
So the motion was not agreed to.
SUSPENSION OF KULES.
Mr. BICLEIi. I now move that the Senate
take up the resolution which I offered the other
day suspending the 26th rule.
Mr. SIMMONS. Will the Senator give way
one moment?
Mr. B1GLER No, sir; 1 cannot give way for
anything on the face of the earth.
Mr. CLARK. Is that in otder?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from PennsyUama moves to take up ins icsolu-
tion to suspend the £{nh inle so hir as it relates
to constitutional amendments. The question is,
" Shall the resolution he taken up
Mr. CLARK. I make the question of order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is in order,
if the Senate choose so to decide.
Mr. CLARK. "Without a motion to postpone
the special order that was before the Senate?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is,s* Shall the resolution be taken up The spe-
cial order, of couise, is informally laid aside._
Mr. CLARK. We do not assent to its being
informally hud aside, it cannot be done without
unanimous consent.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There being
no motion in regard to it., it is informally laid
aside.
Mr. CLARK. 1 object.
Mr. DOUGLAS and others. Put the question.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is. " Shall the resolution be taken upr"
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded tooonsidu the following resolution,^which
was submitted by Mr. Bigler on the of
February:
Resohcd, That the 23th lule of the Senate bo sinpendpd
so tar a- it may affect biiN <>t joint isolations ol the Sen-
ate or (ion-Hoi K *picseiii.um>, pioptK-in<_',or piovidniKtoi,
oi lelanns; to, amendment to the Constitution of the Uni-
ted State!-.
The 20th rule is js follows:
•{ Eveiv I'll! hlnill receive tin if ac1:n«?s previous to it*
bcihsr pa«-s<-d, and ?tv> I'.e-ul-nt >liali i.ri\e nou«-c at each,
whethei it be the -econd, oi thud ; which readuusshall
be on tlneu ditieient day-, unlu^ the Senate mi.mimoiHy
dncct otlici whe, And a!! «e?olutions piupo-in<? amend-
ments to the Constmuion, or to which the apjnoh.mon and
pisnatme of the PieMdont may be requisite, or winch may
giant money out of tue contingent or any other fund, shall
be neatod, m all i<'-p','cN, m the intioduetton and foim of
pioceedinsrs on the-'i. in the Senate, in a snmlai nutiuiei
Willi lull-: and ".!! of!)!'! involutions- t-lmii he on the table
Oiej 'lav lor c •>-i,l',ia,xon. aed M-o i.-port- of committc"-5.
Viimiion t<- .-n-neitfl. oi to eoneiu in <i jc-olution of the
Hou«e lo , ;H}>end i'ie loth .u.u ITrh punt iuje-. <n either of
fie.ii shall aovnyf be i.t otri ^ immediate!} coii-:ue, ed.
and be docui'M w niiout d. bus.-.-."
4
V Mr. HALE. 1 do ii.>t wish to inteiposo any
J obj«'ctio)j; but I want t<> maintain the rights of the
' imnoiity of tlio Semite. It is the first time. I
; think, l" ever knew a motion ma.de here to sus-
[ p'-r,d the- n Hs t I do not know of any provision
Jby whicli we may suspend the rules. Oidinarily,
/when we undeitake to do anything contrary to
the rules of the Senate, it is done by unanimous
consent; we have, by resolution, suspended the
joint rules; but the rules of the Senate are imper-
ative; ant! there is 110 provision in our rules, as
there is in the rules of the House of Representa-
tives, by which they may be suspended, t If a
majority may suspend thenf, they arc worth noth-
ing. I understood the Senator when his motion
! was first introduced; and 1 supposed it would be
in order in that way to move to alter, to change
the 2oth rule. 1 supposed that would be in order.
The rules of the House of Representative may be
suspended by a vote of two thirds, because that
is provided; but I raise the question of order here,
that a majority of this body cannot suspend a
rule.
Mr. DOUGLAS. It can on a day's notice.
Mr. HALE. Not if there were one hundred
days' notice. They may alter a rale, change a
rule, make permanently a different rule, and I
supposed that that was the motion of the Senator
from Pennsylvania. I beg- to assure the Senator
fiom Pennsylvania, and the Senator from Ken-
tucky, that I do not make this objection in order
to avoid any vote. I am ready to face the music
on that question, or anything else that can be pro-
posed; but I am not willing to see the rights of a
member of this body stricken down by an attempt
of the majority to suspend the rule. I say they
have 110 such right.
Mr. BICjLER. In all my practice in legislative
bodies, 1 have never heard the right doubted be-
fore. 1 must confess that the question has never
been raised in this body during my service here;
but I think the Senator from New Hampshire fails
entirely to make out a ease. He agrees that after
previous notice, by a resolution such as 1 have
pi osented here, a majority may repeal or alter the
rule. If it be competent for the majority, in the
foimal way which I propose, to repeal or alter a
rule—and that no one can doubt for a moment—
what is tins but a temporary repeal of the rule?
So fai us the question of light is concerned, it is
perfectly clear that, had I failed to introduce the
lesolution heretofore, the Senator could have ob-
jected to its consideration. But, sir, lie makes tlie
argument complete himself, so far as any question
of order on this subject is concerned. There can-
not be any. The question is one of will, disposi-
tion, on the part of the Senate. The majority
have a perfect right to adopt this resolution and
suspend the rule.
Mr. MASON. I feel a very deep interest in
getting a vote on the subject which was befoic
! the Senate when the Senator from Tennessee fin-
! ished his remai ks; and I do notsee how any other
subject enn be got before the Senate.
I Air. DOUGLAS. That has been decided.
I Mr. MASON. I am notaware of any decision.
1 I appeal to the Presiding Officer.
; Tlv PRESIDING OFFICER. What is the
Senator's question .'
1 Mr. MASON. I ask in what way the subject
| before the Senate has been disposed of; by what
; vote of the S. nate, or in what way?
I The PRESIDING OFFICER. The special
! order?
I Mr. MASON. Yes, sir.
j The PRESIDING OFFICER. Itwasinform-
; allv laid aside to take up this resolution,
j Mr. MASON. I object to tliai;*I was not aware
| of it.
1 Mr. B1GLER. There were as many as thiee
votes on reports of committees of continence; and
a vote was taken on the motion of the Senator
; fiom Kentucky, and all the while the special or-
i der laid o  
I Mr. MASON. So far as I have the power, I
1 ask the Presiding Officer to continue the subject
ii before the Senate that we may take the vote. If
■ ' there is an villi ng of importance, 1 presume that is.
! The PllESIDING OFFICER.. It is the duty
' of the Clip-r to continue the present resolution
lxfine the Senate until it be disposed of, it having
i been taken no bv a *"o!e of the Senate.
! Mr. ilKiGl'-T. The Choir is excusable for a
: decision made unuir tin circumstances by which
] we have ;iLni surrounded. It grew out ot the
! order to clear the galleries and the confusion ro-
' suiting from it. The resolution of the Senator
! from Pennsylvania to change the 26th ruie of the
■i Senels is in order, he having given notice on the
28th of February, that he would ask the change.
At the close of every session, so far as my knowl-
edge. extends, it has been necessary to change the
16th and 17th joint rules which govern the action
of the two Houses in relation to communications
between them and with the President; but I do not
remember a motion similar in form to the one now'
made; but it is clearly in order to m-ove at any
time to change a rule of the body, giving the no-
tice prescribed by the rule, which is one day. The
Senator from Pennsylvania gave notice on the 28th
of February, and it is now in the power of tine
Sevyate to change the 26th rale so far as to read a
bill or joint resolution twice, instead of once, on
the same day.
Mr. MASON. I hope the subject before the
Senate will be considered, and these side-motions
not interpolated.
Mr. HALE. I have no desire in this case,
except to preserve the rights of the members of
this body. I agree that the majority may make
a rule of the Senate; but when they have made it,
tiiey are bound by it, and every member of the
Senate has rights under it that no majority can
take away. How often have you seen in this
body—and it is a sublime exhibition of the power
of constitutional right under the rules—a single
member planting himself on the rulesofthe body,
and bidding defiance to the whole Senate? You
saw it here, at the close of the last session, when
the honorable Senator from New York [Mr. King}
interposed an objection to considering a report ia
executive session, and the Senate had to adjourn,
and we had to send ourSergeant-at-Arms out ansl
bring in members, because he placed himself cm
his constitutional right under the rale; and yo 
have no power to suspend your rule, for there is
none given. The House of Representatives caa
suspend by two thirds. You propose here to sus-
pend by a mere majority. What is your rule
worth then ? It is not worth the paper on which
it is written. It is a farce, a bagatelle, a cheat, a
lie, pretending to be a ruie of the body, if it may,
by the mere arbitraiy will of a bare majority, be
set aside. Now, I agree in the fullest extent t&
everything that the Senator from Pennsylvania
has said and the Senator from Illinois, and to
everything they may say, about the power of the
body, upon notice given, to alter a rule and make
a different rule; but then it becomes a permanent
rule of action for the body, and no majority, ex-
cept by a unanimous vote of the body, has a right
to suspend it.
Mr. B1GLER. That is the greater power, to
change a rule permanently.
Mr. HALE. I do not care whether it is greater
or less; it is the law.
Mr. KIGLER. There is no law on the subject.
Mr. HALE. A majority cannot suspend a rule.
They may make a new rule; but when they have
made a rule, that confers a right oil every mem-
ber of the body; they cannot suspend it. The
majority cannot take away that right; and that is
j the gloiy of the lule—that a minority have their
j rights under it. I thought it was amotion to
change the rules.
1 Mr. B1GLER. Allow me to suggest to the
i Senator a defect in his logic. The majority, on a
! day's notice, would have the power to repeal that
rule permanently, and outrage, as he says, the
rights of a Senator; but they have not the power
to do it for a few hours.
Mr. HALE. They would hare a right to make
a pel manent rule for the government of the body-
in all future time, until it is repealed by the same
| authority; but while it is a rule, they have not
! the light to suspend its operation.
I Mr. DOCGLAS. According to the argument
1 of the Senator from New Hampshire, this is a
case eleaily within it. This is a suspension of
so much of the rule as relates to amendments to
the Constitution. It is a suspension permanently,
not for a day; hence it is a permanent change of
that rule of the Senate on due notice, and comes
exaetlv within the Senator's argument. It not
only suspends it for to-mglit, but suspends so
much of it as relates to this branch of business
' permanently. Consequently, it is a permanent
i change.
I jvlr. BSGLER. It is manifest the-Senator from
i New Hampshire has never read the resolution or
heard it read.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair de-
cides that the question of order taken by the Sen-
