1360
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2.
ator from New Hampshire is not well taken. If
a majority has it in its power to repeal a rule, it
clearly has it m its power to suspend it.
Mr. HALE. Prom that decision i appeal.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. An appeal is
taken. The question is 
Mr HALE. I understood the decision to be,
that if a majority has power to repeal a rule, they
have power to suspend it.
Mr. BRIGHT. By giving one day's notice.
Mr. HALE. I do not care if they give forty
days' notice.
Mr, BRIGHT. You do not care for the rule,
then.
Mr. HALE. Yes, I do.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am sorry, myself, that
an objection was interposed so as to prevent the
reading of the House joint resolution the second
time, as has been usual in the body; and I tried
to prevail with Senators no. to stand upon that
rule; but I do think it is exceedingly dangerous
to change a rule, for a particular purpose, m tins
way. Majorities are varying in the Senate, and
this places the minority at the mercy of the ma-
jority always. To come in and change a rule, to
effect a particular purpose, is very dangerous.
The impropriety of it, I think, every person will
see who has served in a minority, as I have here,
for six years. 1 have claimed the protection of
the rules. They are necessary to the protection
of minorities, and they ought not to be changed
to effect a particular purpose, as in this instance.
If tins precedent be set, the rules will be changed
at other times, they will be changed whenever an
arbitrary majority may wish to violate the settled
practice of the Senate, i am sorry to see the pre-
cedent set. If it was a change of rules, made on
the report of a committee for general purposes, it
would be very different; but this is manifestly and
avowedly an attempt to change a rule and give it,
as it were, a retrospective operation, or to make it
operate upon a single case now pending. I would
be glad if those who have interposed objections
to reading the joint resolution from the House of
Representatives twice on the same, day, would
withdraw ihe objections; and L was willing, if
they would not do so, to adjourn until to-morrow
evening, i do not like to meet to-morrow; but I
was willing to go over until to-morrow evening,
and that would avoid it. I think it a very bad
practice, to say nothing of the point made by the
Senatot from New Hampshire, as to whether this
is i eally in the power of tiie Senate under the no-
tice which was given.
Mr. BiGLER The Senate will perceive that
the effeci of thus resolution is to suspend the op-
eration of the i2Gtli rule, so far as relates to any
proposition with repaid to liie amendment of the
Constitution ot the United States, it will there-
fore be a permanent repeal of the rule. The
present rule, so far as relates to any proposition
or resolution to change, the Constitution of the
United States, will never apply again until it is
recnacted Therefore the very aigument of the
Semnoi from New ITampshne meets the case.
Hut, Sii, Senators talk about tyranny, about the
rights of an individual Senator here. Look at the
position of the country; look at what is involved,
i'he Senator from Kentucky and others may be
mistaken in their apprehensions; they may be
mistaken in feeiing that the measures that will be
defeated, unless tins rule be suspended, involve
the peace. 1 am one of those. Seuatois talk
about tyianmzing, about disregarding the con-
stitutional rights of an individual Senator; and
yet an individual Senator, undei this' rule, in tins
ciitiral fxnofU proposes to tyrannize over the
who.tj body k is one-man tyranny. 1 propose j
simply u, cany out the will of the majority that j
has a right to make and unmake rules. If there ,
is an arbitrary will anywhere, it is among those ,
who propose to take advantage of tins i ule to do- |
feat measutes that concern the j>**ace of the |
count! y J
Mr. PEARCE There is a rule of the Senate
weif known to all members of the body? which J
has been suspendedoverand o\er and over again, 1
and which the Senator from INe w Hampshire him-
selfhas voted to suspend, and 1 am not sure That J
he has not moved to suspend it. I know that he '
has voted to suspend it; and that is the rule which ;
provides foi the admission of pellicula! persons 1
only, to our floor. We have suspended it often ;
to admit ladies. That is a rule of the Senate as !
positive and obligatory as any other of the rules,
though by no means so important perhaps.
Besides, we have a standing rule of the Senate
by which it is provided, that a motion to suspend
certain joint rules of the Senate and House of
Representatives may be received at any time, and
that the question must be taken without debate,
and decided at once.
Mr. HALE. Will the Senator allow me to
ask him a question ?
Mr. PEARCE. Certainly.
Mr. IXALE. I want to ask the Senator from
Maryland, for whose opinion I have very great
rcspect, whether the fact that we have provided
in the 26th rule, that a motion to suspend the 16th
and 17th joint rules shall always be in order, does
not exclude the conclusion that it is in order to
move to suspend any other rules?
Mr. PEARCE. It does exclude the implica-
tion that it is always in order to move to suspend
another rule; but that is all. It does not say we
shall have the power to suspend it under any cir-
cumstances.
Mr. BRIGHT. The Senator will allow me.
The joint rules jequirc the concurrent assent of
both Houses.
Mr. HALE. I know that, but it is always in
order to move to suspend them, because it is so
provided.
Mr. BRIGHT. The Senator from Pennsyl-
vania is seeking to change a rule made by this
body.
Mr. PEARCE. The 26th rule, which allows
a motion at any time to suspend the Kith and 17th
joint rules and declares it to be always in order,
is evidently made for necessary purposes. Our
legislation might be defeated wholly and all the
great bills of the session lost, if that were not a
rule of the Senate; because, then it would be sub-
ject to the like objection which any other motion
to suspend is, and must go over to another day,
for there must be one day's previous notice. I
think there cannot be a question that we have
cxercised that power over and over again. There
is no positive prohibition of it, and no implication
of a prohibition from anything in the rules. We
must have the right to suspend. We have the
right to repeal and to alter, and the major includes
the minor. The suspension is a less exertion of
our power than a change or modification of the
rule. As to the expediency of changing a rule,
it is a different question. I admit it is a thing
which, under ordinary circumstances, or indeed
under any but the most extraordinary circum-
stances, I should not be willing to do, and partic-
ularly that rule, which is a great safeguard against
hasty and pernicious legislation; but as to the
power to suspend the rule, I cannot have a ques-
tion on the precedents.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is: "Shall the decision of the Chair stand as the
judgment of the Senate?"
The decision was sustained.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the adoption of the resolution.
Mr. MASON. Let it be read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Rraolral, Th.it tlio <2Gtll rule of the Senate be suspended
so tar a* it may afleet InlN and joint je-olution> ot the Sen-
ate o  Hou-ie ot' Hepte*entative>, propositi-,' or pioviding foi,
oi lelauiur t<>, amendment?- to the Confutation of the Uni-
ted Starts.
Mr. MAsorf. Id esire to inquire now whether
the resolutions which were under discussion when
the Senator from Tennessee closed his remarks—
1 mean* the resolutions reported by the Senator
fiom Kentucky, [Mr. Crittenden7,] chairman of
the select committee—have been twice read, and
whether this iul<$will apply to them?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair be-
lieves that the resolutions icpoited fiom the select
committee, of which the Senator from Kentucky
was chairman, have been twice read. Some pro-
posed amendments have not been.
Mr. MAbON. i understand that an amend-
ment need not be read twice.
Tile PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
explain. There is a House joint resolution, pro-
posing amendments to the Constitution, before the
Senate. The Chair was notified a day or two
since by a Senator, that he designed, in a certain
contingency, to move that as a substitute for
another proposition. If moved as a substitute, it
does not require a second reading, but as an ori-
ginal proposition it does. It has had its second
reading to-day.
Mr. MASON. I understand from the Chair
that the resolutions reported by the Senator from
Kentucky have been twice read, and are now
within a condition to receive a vote of the Senate
on their third reading.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. They have
been twice read, and the question will be on their
third reading, when that question shall be reached;
but there are pending amendments. The question
now is on the adoption of the resolution which
has been read.
Mr. HALE. Lmovethat the word " suspend-
ed" be stricken out, and " repealed" inserted.
Mr. BIGLER. I have no objection to that.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MASON. I understand, now, that the
resolution is to repeal that rule which requires a
third reading on three days.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. As applicable
to propositions to amend the Constitution.
Mr. MASON. Let the resolution be read, for
it is really an important matter.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The resolution
has been read three or four times. It will be read
again, if Senators insist on it.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Resolved, That the 26th rule of the Seriate be repealed,
so far as it may affect bills and joint resolutions ot the Sen
ate and House of Representatives pioposnig. or providing
for, or relating to, amendments to the Constitution of tins
United States.
Mr. HALE and Mr. KING called for the yeas
and nays; and they were ordered.
Mr. MASON. The rule of the Senate—I think,
based on great good sense and wisdom—m order
to insure deliberation, requires that all joint res-
olutions and bills shall have three readings, and
that those three readings shall be on separate days.
Now, if I understand the resolution aright, it is
intended to change that rule, so far as respects
proposed amendments to the Constitution; prop-
ositions which, of all others, do require delibera-
tion. I have nothing more to say.
Mr. GREEN. 1 have paired with the Senator
from New York, [Mr. Slward;] and if this is
considered a party question, I cannot vote. Is it
so or not?
Mr. DOUGLAS. He is with you on this ques-
tion.
Mr. GREEN. Perhaps 1 had better not vote.
Mr. HALE. I think there is very great force
in the suggestion of the honorable Senator fiom
Virginia. You now propose to repeal the rule that
requires three readings, on three separate days,
of propositions in regard to the most solemn and
serious question that can possibly be considered
by the Senate. If you want to change the name
of the schooner Two Pollies to Abigail, the bill
for that purpose must be read three several times;
butif you propose to change the greatfundamental
law of the land, the Constitution of the United
States, you may rush it through at any time. I
think there is great force in the suggestion of the
Senator from Virginia, and I hope it will not give
the Senator from Illinois pain that I concur with
him in it.
Mr. DOUGLAS. It will give me no pain that
he concurs; they do concur sometimes; but this
pretext of the Senator from New Hampshire—I
hope he will not take that term as offensive—that
he requires delibeiation on this question, is cer-
tainly surprising to me.
Mr. HALE. It was not my suggestion, but
that of the Senator from Virginia, which I in-
dorsed.
Mr. DOUGLAS. We all know that the object
is to get a vote on the third reading of proposi-
tions to amend the Constitution. We all know
there is an attempt on the part of a portion of
those on the other side of the Chamber to defeat
that third reading to-day. If I could have colled
for the official report of what took place yester-
day, as made by the official reporter at the time
of the dispute this morning, it would have bcaji
as clear as light, that the joint resolution of the
House of Rcpresentatnes (No 80) was read
twice yesterday before objection was made. If
the facts could have come before the Senate, they
wouid not have amended the Journal, so as to
deprive us, by a technicality, of voting on the
third reading to-day. Now, the simple question
is, whether or not, the joint resolution shall have
