THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. -jO-!
Thirty-Sixth Congress, 2d Session.
MONDAY, MARCH 4, 1861.
New Series..:..No.*:
a third reading this session. There is not a Sena-
tor in the body who has not voted to suspend the
rules time anil time again. I have seen it done
by unanimous consent time and time again. We
are doing it every year. The simple question is,
whether you will allow this amendment to be
submitted to theStates,toamendtheConstitution.
It is very strange that, when there are but five men
in the body who would venture to vote against
that proposition on the yeas and nays, we see
them combining to defeat, by technicalities, the
reaching of the question. If 1 was as anxious and
as willing to amend the Constitution in this re-
spect as they profess to be, I would not resort to
all these technicalities to defeat the very measure
that I had voted for on the yeas and nays to-day.
I regard this really as a test question. I hope we
are not to be deprived of a vote on this question
by a technicality upon the rules, and especially
when we have brought ourselves within the tech-
nicality this time.
Mr. TEN EYCK. I rise for the purpose of
making a single remark. On a recent occasion, I
took the responsibility of voting against certain
resolutions of the Legislature of my State. One
of the reasons which influenced my mind was,
that those resolutions had been passed by a sus-
pension of the rules of that body. The same
objection occurs to my mind now; I do not de-
sire to avoid the responsibility of voting upon
the joint resolution which came from the other
House; and, inasmuch as I did not understand
the vote that was given this morning to put that
joint resolution on its second reading to be a test
question, I now here openly declare myself in
favor of that resolution which was passed to a
second reading this morning; and, if this suspen-
sion of the rules was only for the purpose of
Futting it upon its passage, I should vote for it if
did not consider that it was so dangerous a prec-
edent in violation of the rights of the minority.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I will assure the Senator
from New Jersey that I know of no other reason
for the suspension. That is the sole reason. It
is to enable us to put that amendment to the Con-
stitution on its passage. I do not know of any
other reason but that.
Mr. TEN EYCK. I have understood that
there were a variety of propositions, which I
have not seen, and which I have not read; but the
proposition contained in the joint resolution read
at tlie Clerk's table this morning, a constitutional
amendment for the protection of the rights of per-
sons to what they claim to be property—which I
do not admit—the rights of persons to the service
of certain individuals, that it shall not be inter-
fered with within the different States of this
Union, is a proposition that I can vote for, either
inside or outside of the Chicago platform. I do
not know why persons on this side of the Cham-
ber should desire to avoid the responsibility of
voting upon that proposition. I do not believe
they do; and if that be the sole and only object
of suspending the rules, I think there will be very
little objection.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I am sure the Senator mis-
apprehends me. I did not say that gentlemen
desired to avoid the responsibility of voting; but
it was strange that those who voted for the meas-
ure on the record, were trying to defeat its pas-
sage. It looks as if you wanted to defeat it and
avoid the responsibility of voting against it. That
is the point.
Mr. SIMMONS. I should not have said a
word on this question of suspending rules if it
luid not been for an allusion to a vote I had just
given upon a question of adjournment. I hap-
pened to vote against the proposition to adjourn
to Sunday. The Senator from Illinois says I
have some design, by some management witn my
friends here, by a combination of men, to prevent
a vote on a great proposition, and he instances a
case to show that 1 will shrink from an open vote
because I voted (it is the only vote I have given
to-day, I believe) against adjourning from six
o'clock on Saturday to Sunday. I have no pur-
pose of avoiding a direct vote on the joint resolu-
86
tion of the House of Representatives, nor have I
heard any intimation of that kind on the part of
my friends. People are very apt to get up here
and make cases on their opponents. I do not
know how I ever came to be suspected of any in-
direction in this body. I defy any man to say
that I had colluded with anyone to avoid a vote,
or get one, on any question. I should have
voted, and will vote, if it becomes necessary, to
suspend the rules, in rcspcct to the measure that
has come from the House of Representatives,
whenever we get through the debate and get ready
for the question. I do not design, nor do I in-
tend, to prevent a direct vote on that proposition;
and I do not choose to be catechised or assailed
for any vote I give on another proposition as de-
signed to collude with other people to prevent
votes, because I intend to vote, and I suppose the
Senator knows I intend to vote directly. I hap-
pened to tell him, not many minutes ago, that I
had no purpose, in getting up a little bill here to
amend the mistake of a clerk, to defeat or delay
anything.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I took it for granted the
Senator was going to vote with me on this ques-
tion, and therefore my remark would not apply
to him.
Mr. SIMMONS. I am not obliged to vote
with you on every motion that is made to amend
the rules or suspend them, or to adjourn, or any-
thing of that kind. I do not see what vote has
been given on this side of the Chamber that should
induce the Senator from Illinois to say we had a
sort of combination here to take a technical ad-
vantage under the rules. I have heard of no such
combination, and do not believe there was ever
one at all.
Mr. DOUGLAS. 1 will remind the Senator that
he came to me this morning and desired to have
unanimous consent to pass a bill to change the
tariff".
Mr. SIMMONS. No, sir.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Well, to correct an error in
the tariff; that is to change or amend it.
Mr. SIMMONS. If that is tlie explanation 
Mr. DOUGLAS. Let me go on. It required
unanimous consent. I told him I did not wish
to defeat it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Rice in
the chair.) The Senator will address the Chair.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I told him I did not desire
to defeat the bill; but if they were going to make
technical objections to defeat this amendment to
the Constitution, I should stand on my rights.
His answer was, " if you will take the responsi-
bility, by interposing the rules, to defeat the tariff
bill, you must take it." So I say to him. If you
will take the responsibility of taking technical
advantage of a rule to defeat this measure of pa-
cification, do so; but do not pretend to vote for
it, when you avail yourself of these technical
objections to defeat it.
Mr. SIMMONS. That is a way I do not in-
dulge in in the Senate of the United States. I do
not indulge in any such imputations 011 any other
Senator.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Will the honorable Sen-
ator from Rhode Island allow me ?
Mr.SIMMONS. No,sir; if you please, I will
go on with what I have to say first. Yesterday,
when I asked to introduce a little bill to correct
the clerk's mistake, I was told by the Vice Pres-
ident, who was then in the chair, that it was a
privileged motion, which I could make at any
time; and I intimated to the Senator this morning
that I had been so told. I never read the rules
of this body in my life, anil never expect to do
so; but I expect to keep within them from the in-
stincts of a Senator. When I voted against the
motion of my friend from Kentucky to have a
session on Sunday, I did it from 110 purpose of
unkindness to him or the object in view; and I had
no idea that, bccause I voted against that, any
man would get up in the Senate and accuse me of
colluding and combining with others to prevent a
direct vote. So far as I am concerned, there will
be a direct vote whenever the Senate are ready to
take it; and I am willing to suspend the rules, so >
as to get it, if we cannot get at it without doing
so. That I say here; ana when I have, said it,
no man will doubt it.
Mr. LATHAM. I move, by general consen t,
that the doors of the galleries be opened for the
reception of ladies. There is a large number of
ladies outside, who are strangers here, who desire
admittance to the galleries. We are suffering
ourselves from extreme heat in consequence of
the doors being closed. I take it there will be no
objection to my proposition.
Mr. KING. Why not open both galleries?
Mr. LATHAM. I propose to open both for
the reception of ladies.
Mr. MASON. I object to the motion being
entertained. It is'not in order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Rice.) It
is not in order, objection being made. The ques-
tion is on the resolution of the Senator from Penn-
sylvania, upon which the yeas and nays have been
ordered.
Mr. KING. I supposed the question before
the Senate was on repealing a rule of the Senate.
Mr. BIGLER. That is the question.
Mr. KING. 1 ask that it be read before we
vote. A Senator told me it was something else.
Mr. WADE. I want to know what we are
voting on. Is it the main question?
Mr. BIGLER. It is on the passage of the res-
olution I offered, suspending the 26th rule.
Mr. WADE. Very well.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Rice in
the chair.) The question before the Senate is on
agreeing to the resolution; and that is the only
question before the Senate.
Mr. WADE. To suspend the 26th rule ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Yes, sir.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let the resolution be read,
and then we shall understand it.
The Secretary again read it.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I have paired off on this
question with the Senator from Rhode Island,
[Mr. Anthony.]
Mr. POLK. I consider myself paired on this
question with the Senator from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Sdmner.] I therefore shall not vote.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 20, nays 16; as follows;
YEAS—Messrs. Bigler, Bragg, Bright, Collamer, Critten-
den, Dixon, Douglas, Gwin, Ilarlan, Hunter, Johnson of
Tpnnp«sec, Kennedy, Lane, Latham, Powell, i'tlgh, ltice,
Simmons, Thomson, and Wigfall—20.
NAYS—Messrs. liingham, Chandler, Clark, Durkee, Fes-
Bcnden, Foot, Grimes, Hale, King, Mason, Morrill, Ten
Eyck, Trumbull, Wade, Wilkinson, and Wilson—16.
So the resolution was agreed to.
EXECUTIVE BUSINESS.
Mr. BRIGHT. I move that the Senate now
proceed to the consideration of executive business.
Mr. MASON. 1 trust the Senate will not agree
to that motion. I hope we shall go on with the
business before the Senate—the resolutions of the
Senator from Kentucky.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I hope so.
Mr. SIMMONS. I offered a resolution that
was agreed to be considered, by unanimous con-
sent, as soon as this vote was taken. It is merely
to correct some mistakes that have been made in'
a bill.
Mr. BRIGHT. It will lead to debate. I am
unwilling to yield the floor. I insist on my motion
being stated.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is 011 the motion to proceed to the consideration
of executive business.
Mr. WILSON. On that question I ask for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. LANE. I desire to call the attention of
my friend from Massachusetts to the Army nom-
inations.
Mr. WILSON. I understand all that; but let
us go on with the business before us.
Mr. LANE. They have been returned by the
committee as all regular, and I should be very
happy to liavtf them acted on.
