402
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 16,
1812, and to the widows of those who have died
or may hereafter die; which was referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
Mr. CAMERON. I have also been requested
to present the proceedings of a meeting held in
the town of Berlin, in the State of Pennsylvania,
very numerously attended by citizens of th§ place
and of the surrounding country. They desire
some speedy action on the state of the Union,
and hope that Congress will adopt the projet of
the distinguished Senator from Kentucky, [Mr.
Crittenden.] It is my duty to say, also, that I
receive dailyvby every mail, a large number of
letters on the same subject, all sustaining the
proposition of the Senator from Kentucky.
The proceedings were ordered (o lie on the
table.
REPORT OF A COMMITTEE.
Mr. POWELL, from the Committee or* Pen-
sions, to whom was referred the petition of James
Birdsong, administrator of Sully Ellis, deceased,
praying to bo allowed a pension at the same rate
that her husband, Stephen Ellis, received, from
the time of his death to the time of her death,
asked to be discharged from its further considera-
tion; which was agreed to.
COMMITTEE SERVICE.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, submitted the
following resolution; which was considered by
unanimous consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the President of the Senate be author-
ized to fill the vacancy on the Committee on Military Af-
fairs and Militia, occasioned by the absence of Hon*. Mr.
Ohesnut, of South Caioliua.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Founey, its Clerk, announced that the
House had passed a bill (No. 585) for the relief
of the heirs of the late Almon W. Babbitt, seeie-
tary of the Territory of Utah, in which the con-
currence of the Senate was requested.
ENROLLED HILL SIGNED.
The message further announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed a joint resolution (H. ft.
No. 55) authorizing the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to change the name of the schooner Spimg
Hill to that of the United States; which theieupon
received the signature of the Vice Piesident.
PRINTING OP DOCUMENTS.
The message further announced that the House
had ordered, on the i5th instant, the printing of
the following documents:
A letter from the Secretary of the Navy, in fur-
ther response to a resolution of the House calling
for information relative to the Coston telegraphic
night signals—ordered at twelve o'clock "and fif-
teen minutes.
A letter from the acting Secretary of the Inte-
rior, transmitting estimates for deficiencies in the
Indian service and expenses of taking the eighth
census of the inhabitants of the United States—
ordered at twelve o'clock and cloven minutes.
WASHINGTON AQUEDUCT,
On motion of Mr. WILSON, the Senate pio-
ceeded to consider the following icsolution sub-
mitted by him on the 14th instant, and it was
agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs and
Militia be instructed to inquire whether the appropriation
made at the last session ot Confess " for the completion
ot the Washington aqueduct" has been " expended acroul-
ing to the plans and estimate* of Captain Meig* whether
any alterations have been made in thevo plans and esti-
mates, and by whom so made. And the committee, in
making these investigations, shall h.ive power to send for
persona and papers.
TONNAGE DUES AT BALTIMORE.
Mr. PEARCE. Mr. President, I ask leave at
this time to introduce a bill which I will send to
the Chair, and I ask to be permitted to make a
brief explanation of it, in the hope that the Senate
will at once act on it. If 1 shall find that the sense
of the Senate is adverse, or that delay is desired,
I shall, of course, very cheerfully consent that it
be postponed; but I think there will be no diffi-
culty about it.
Leave was granted; and the bill (S. No. 539)
to continue in force an act therein mentioned,
relating to the port of Baltimore, was read the first
and second times. It proposes to revive and con-
tinue in forcc, until the 3d of March, 1871, the act
passed the 17th of March, 1800, entitled u An act
declaring the assent of Congress to certain acts of
the States of Maryland and Georgia,"and which,
by subsequent acts, has been continued in force
until the 3d day of March, 1861, so far as it relates
to the act of the State of Maryland, with a pro-
viso, that the duty shall not be levied on any
vessel more than once in any month.
Mr. PEARCE. I beg leave to state to the Sen-
ate very briefly that the original act of Mary-
land, to which this bill proposes to continue the
assent of Congress, was passed in 1791. It re-
pealed an act of the Legislature passed priorto the
formation of the Constitution of the United States,
and substituted for the tonnage duty therein pro-
posed the one which has been paid since the pas-
sage of the act. It is a duty of two cents per ton
upon vessels of over sixty tons arriving in the
port of Baltimore. The assent of Congress was
given to the act of Maryland (which was neces-
sary) in 1793, but for a limited time. That assent
has been renewed at different periods in some six
or seven different bills. The last was one which
I introduced myself m 1850, and which extended
this act to 1861. The duty allowed to be imposed
is only two cents a ton, and the purposes to which
it is to be applied are those of the harbor and
port—cleaning them out. The ordinary deposit
made in the harbor is removed by means of this
small fund.
1 will mention that there is a proviso in this
bill which differs somewhat from the bills here-
tofore passed by Congress. By former bills it
was provided that all steamboats should be ex-
empted from tonnage duty; that is, all steamboats
engaged merely in the transportation of passen-
gers; but almost all the steamboats which now
come to Baltimore are engaged in the transporta-
tion of freight as well as of passengers, and no good
reason is perceived why the duty should not be
paid by them as well as by othci vossela. There
is another difference created I«y this bill. All ves-
sels arriving at the port of Baltimore were liable
to this duty, whether they arrived once a week or
onee a month. This bill proposes to reduce the
imposition by limiting the charge to once a month.
I hope there will be no objection to it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot.)
The Senator from Maryland asks the considera-
tion of thisbilinow. It requires unanimous con-
sent. The Chair hears no objection; and the bill
is before the Senate as in Committee of the Whole.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
be engrossed for a third reading, read the third
time, and passed.
FILVNKLIN TORItY.
Mr. SIMMONS. There is a bill on the table
for the relief of Franklin Torry, which is to issue
new certificates for some bonds that were lost by
the burning of the steamer Austria. The proof
is complete, and I should like to have it passed
now. He is a foreigner now in this country. I
should like to have the bill taken up. It was
drawn by the Department. There can be no pos-
sible objection to it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Willi the leave
of the Senate, the Chair will present several bills
from the House of Representatives, among which
is the bill referred to by the Senator from Rhode
Island.
The bill (H. R. No. 935) was read twice and
considered as in Committee of the Whole. It
proposes to direct the Secretary of the Treasury
to cause five certificates of the loan of 1S48, of
£1,000 each, with coupons of semi-annual inter-
est, from the 1st of July, 1858, attached theicto,
to be issued to Franklin Torry, or bearer, to ie-
place that number of similar certificates, his prop-
erty, which were destroyed by the burning of the
steamer Austria, in the year 1858; but before the
issue of the new certificates, Tony is to furnish,
to the acceptance of the First Comptroller of t ho
Treasury, such bond of indemnity as is usually
required by the regulations of the Treasury De-
partment for the issue of duplicates of inscribed
stock.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
a third reading, read the third time, and passed.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The following bills and joint resolutions from
the House of Representatives were severally read
twice by their titles, and referred as indicated
below:
A joint resolution (No. 57) for the benefit of
Duvall & Brother—to the Committee on Claims,
A bill (No. 852) for the relief of certain Chip-
pewa, Otto wa, and Pottawatomie Indians—to the
Committee on Indian Affairs.
A bill (No. 585) for the relief of the heirs ot
the late Almon W. Babbitt, Secretary of the Ter-
ritory of Utah—to the Committee on Indian Af-
fairs.
LOTS IN SAN ERANCISCO.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is also
on the table Senate bill No. 97, to authorize the
institution of a suit against the United States to
test the title to lots Nos. 5 and 6, in the hospital
square, in San Francisco, which has been returned
from the House of Representatives, with an amend-
ment.
The Secretary read the amendment of the House,
which was on page 2 of the bill, to strike out from
line eighteen to line twenty-six, inclusive, being
the latter clause of section four, in the following
words:
K< And that after the expiiation of said delay of two years,
the said parties named in the first section of this act, their
heu<, assigns, and legal vepiesematives, s-hall be forever
baried and precluded irom setting up any claim or right ii>
or to said two lots, oi nnv pmt theieof, undei the title de-
lived from said shcnlF's deeds.
So that the fourth section would read:
Sec. 4. Jliid be it further enacted, That rio suit shall bo
brought by vntue of the piovisions of this act, uule&s the
same bo instituted within two yeais fiom the passage of
this act.
The amendment was concurred in.
SLAVERY QUESTION.
Mr. BIGLER. I now move to postpone all
prior orders for the purpose of proceeding with
the consideration of the joint resolutions of the
Senator from Kentucky.
Mr. WILSON. I ask for the yeas and nays.
Mr. COLLAMER. Is it understood that that
is to include the special orders made for one
o'clock, or is it only for the morning hour?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Those ques-
tions will come up when the hour of one o'clock
arrives. The Senator fiom Pennsylvania moves
to lake up for consideration the joint resolutions
of the Senator from Kentucky; and upon this
question the yeas and nays have been demanded.
Mr. WILSON. If it is understood that .at one
o'clock the other matters are to be called upyI
withdraw the call for the yens and navs.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. From the rec-
ord it appears that there will be two or three spe-
cial orders coming up at one o'clock. Their dis-
position will be subject to the eonUol of a ma jor-
ity of the Senate when that hour comes. The
demand for the yeas and nays is withdrawn.
The question is on taking up these resolutions
for consideration.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Mr attention
was diverted for a moment, and I would suggest
to the Senator to allow me to make a report from
the Committee on Military Aflairs and Militia,
and have it acted on.
Mr. BIGLER. Certainly; I have no objection
to that.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, The Commit-
tee on Military Affairs and Militia, to whom was
recommitted the bill (II. R. No. 132) to remove
the United States arsenal from the city of St.
Louis, and to provide for the sale of the lands on
which the same is located, have instructed me to
report it, with amendments; and I ask that it bo
passed now. There was no difference in the com-
mittee as to it. These are amendments which
ought to be attached to the House bill, and ought
to pass.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Arkansas asks the consideration of the bill
just reported.
Mr. BIGLER. I intended to give way for the
report, not for the passage of the bill.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. It will take but
a moment or two, I think; but I withdiaw the
application, and give notice that I shall call it up
i to-morrow morning.
' The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion of the Senator fiom Pennsylva-
nia, to take up the joint resolutions of the Senator
from Kentucky.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
