"1362
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
Mr. WILSON. We can finish them before to-
morrow morning.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. POLK (after first voting in the affirma-
tive) said: I voted on this question, but I think
I ought not to vote. I consider myself paired with
the Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Sumner.]
I ask leave to withdraw my vote.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The vote will
be withdrawn,if there be no objection. The Chair
hears none.
The result was then announced—yeas 16, nays
23; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Bigler, Bragg, Bright, Owin,
Hemphill, Hunter, Johnson of Tennessee, Lane, Latham,
Pearce, Powell, Pugh, Rice, Thomson, arid Wigtall—16.
NAYS—Mesbrs. Bingham, Chandler, Clark, Crittenden,
Dixon, Doolittle, Douglas, Durkee, Fcsscnden, Foot,
Grimes, Hale, Harlan, Kennedy, King, Mason, Morrill,
Simmons, Ten Lyck. Trumbull, Wade, Wilkinson, and
Wilson—23.
So the motion was not agreed to.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Forney, its Clerk, announced that the
House had agreed to the report of the committee
of conference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on the bill (H. R. No. 865) making ap-
propriations for the current and contingent ex-
penses of the Indian department, and for fulfilling
treaty stipulations with various Indian tribes, for
the year ending the 30th of June, 1862.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message furtherannounced that the Speaker
had signed the following enrolled bills and joint
resolution; which thereupon received the signa-
ture of the Vice President:
A bill (H. R. No. 899) making appropriations
for the support of the Army for the year ending
the 30th of June, 1862;
A bill (H. R. No. 923) granting a pension to
Eliza M. Plympton;
A bill (H. R. No. 852) for the relief of certain
Chippewa, Ottawa, and Pottawatomie Indians;
and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 59) authorizing
Commodore H. Paulding to receive a sword
awarded to him by the Republic of Nicaragua.
BILLS BKCOME LAWS.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Glossbrenner, his Secretary,an-
nounced that the President had approved and
signed this day the following bills:
An act (S. No. 149) making appropriations to
supply a deficiency in the appropriations for the
completion of the geological surveys of Oregon
and Washington Territories;
An act (S. No. 270) for the relief of John H.
Wheeler;
An act (S. No. 501) for the relief of Henry
Rico;
An act (S. No. 562) to provide a temporary
government for the Territory of Dakota, and to
crcato the office of surveyor general therein; and
An act (S. No. 563) to organize the Territory
of Nevada.
STATE OF THE UNION.
Mr. DOUGLAS. 1 now move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of the joint resolu-
tion of the House of Representatives (No. 80) to
amend the Constitution of the United States.
Mr. MASON. [ object.
Mr. SIMMONS. 1 ask that 1 may now be
permitted to call up a resolution.
Mr. DOUGLAS. This-will take but a moment,
and then that can be done.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
state that the question now before the Senate is
on the amendment of the Senator from Virginia
[Mr. Hunter] to the joint resolution of the Sen-
ate No. 70; and no other question can be enter-
tained without the unanimous consent of the
Senate.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I move to postpone the far-
ther consideration of that resolution, and to take
up the joint resolution from the House of Repre-
sentatives.
Mr. MASON. On that I ask for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. MASON. I suggest to the Senator from
Illinois to give his motion a definite shape—to
postpone to some time certain.
Mr. DOUGLAS. That is the usual form.
Mr. MASON, The usual form is to postpone
to a time certain.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I will vote to take it up
again the very instant the other resolution is voted
upon.
Mr. MASON. That may be; but the parlia-
mentary rule is to fix a certain time for the con-
sideration of the subject. I ask him to indicate a
time.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Until the joint resolution of
the House is disposed of.
Mr. MASON. I desire that the motion of the
Senator from Illinois shall be put in writing, so
that we may know what it is. I understand the
parliamentary rule to be that a motion to post-
pone must indicate a time to which it is postponed.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The rule directs,
if it is required by any Senator, that a motion
shall be put m writing.
Mr. MASON. I require it.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Let the Secretary take it
down as I call it off. T move that all prior orders
be postponed for the purpose of taking up the
joint resolution from the House of Representa-
tives in relation to the amendment of the Consti-
tution of the United States.
Mr. MASON. I now ask the Senatorto name
a time to which he postpones it.
Mr. DOUGLAS. That is unnecessary.
Mr. MASON. I object to the motion being en-
tertained, unless the time is named. I understand,
under parliamentary law and the rules, that there
must be a motion to postpone to a certain time,
that we may know when it will come up. 1 should
construe it, though I might construe it incorrectly,
that a motion to postpone, without fixingatime,
is to postpone indefinitely. I do not know whether
that is the object of the Senator or not.
Mr. DOUGLAS. My object is very clear. No
Senator shall be in any doubt about it. It is to
get a vote on this joint resolution of the House of
Representatives to amend the Constitution of the
United States; and the instant that is done, 1 am
prepared then to proceed to the measure which the
Senator desires to reach now.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Upon the point
of order raised by the Senator from Virginia, the
Chair can only say that this is the first time it has
ever been laised to his knowledge. That motion
has been made from day to day to postpone with-
out date, and no objection has ever been raised to
it. If there be anything in the rules to the con-
trary, the Chair would like to be posted.
Mr. MASON. I make it as a question of order,
that the motion cannot be entertained, unless a
time be fixed for the period of postponement. 1
make that as a question of order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
of order having been raised, it must be submitted
to the Senate.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I suppose the Chair can de-
cide Jt; and then the Senator can apppal from the
decision, if he wishes to do so.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair de-
cides that the point of order raised by the Senator
from Virginia is not well taken.
Mr. MASON. I desire it to go upon the Journal
that 1 made the point; that is all,
Mr. DOUGLAS. Yes, sir.
All. HUNTER. I desire, before the roll is
called, to undcistgnd the question. Is this a mo-
tion to postpone the consideration of the report of
the peaee conference >
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will read the proposition before the Senate.
The Secretary read, as follows:
On motion of Mr. Douglas, that all prior orders be post-
poned to proceed to the consideration of joint resolution
iroui the House No. 8U—a joint le&olutiou to amend the
Constitution of the United States.
Mr. HUNTER. If that motion is voted down,
the peace conference propositions will still con-
tinue before the Senate.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Yes, sir; but I have indicated
my purpose to take that subject up the moment
this resolution of the House is voted upon.
Mr. MASON. I wish to understand the state
of the business before the Senate. The motion of
the Senator from Illinois has prevailed, and that
motion is to postpone the resolution from the
peace conference, reported by the Senator from
Kentucky from a select committee, and to give
precedence to the resolution of the House of Rep-
resentatives to which he refers. That motion has
prevailed, I understand.
Mr. BIGLER. Oh, no; it is pending.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is the motion
that has been made, and upon which the yeas
and nays have been ordered.
Mr. MASON. Then, if that motion does pre-
vail, I ask the President to what period will the
postponement have been made; as thus, when we
take a special vote upon the joint resolution to
which the motion of the Senator gives precedence
over the resolutions of the peace conference, I
want to know when those that have been post-
poned will come up in order?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The present occu-
pant was not in the chair when the motion was
made; but he understands that the motion is to
postpone the existing' order for the purpose of
taking up the proposition indicated.
Mr. DOUGLAS. And I announce that I shall
move to take up the resolutions he refers to, the
moment the vote shall be taken on the other.
Mr. MASON. What the Senator may move
is one thing. I want to know when they will
come up.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That will be de-
cided as soon as this business is disposed of.
Mr. MASON. Now, I desire to say a word.
There was a commission from twenty or twenty-
one States summoned here by the State of Vir-
ginia to take into consideration the state of the
country, and they have proposed an elaborate
amendment to the Constitution, which they ask
this body, in connection with the other House, to
refer to the States. That has been under con-
sideration for two days; no vote has been taken
upon it; and the Senator from Illinois now pro-
poses to postpone that in order to give precedence
to a resolution from the House of Representatives
proposing to amend the Constitution by prohib-
iting Congress from interfering with slavery in
the States. His motion is, at this stage of the
session, to put aside any further consideration of
this amendment to the Constitution proposed by
that peace conference, presented in the impressive
manner in which it was done by the honorable
Senator from Kentucky, in order to give prece-
dence to thi* joint resolution of the House on this
the last day of the session. Sir, I shall vote
against giving it that precedence. I think it is
due not only to those honorable gentlemen who
came here and have submitted to us the result of
their labors that we should give it that precedence,
but I feel that it is due to the State of Virginia,
who invited the conference, that no precedence
should be given over it. For that reason, I shall
vote against it.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I am glad to find that the
Senator from Virginia has become such u warm
advocate of the report of the peace conference.
How many hours is it since we heard him de-
nounce it as unworthy the consideration of south-
ern men or of this country? How long is-it since
these denunciations were ringing m our ears? We
do not hear the praises of the peace conference
sounded until we are about to get a vote on an-
other proposition to pacify the country; and for
fear we may have a vote that will cjuiet the ap-
prehensions of the southern States in respect to
the designs of the Noith to change the Constitu-
tion, so as to interfere with slavery in the States,
we find now that the peace conference is to be
pushed forward to defeat this. Sir, if he is a friend
of the proposition of the peace conference, let him
act with me and sit as long as I will in urging it
upon the Senate. I am for both; but this one is
within our reach. We can close this much in five
minutes. We should have had it passed before
this time, if the Senator from Virginia had not in-
terposed objections. If the amendment to the Con-
stitution which furnishes guarantees to the border
slave States fails, it will be the result of the efforts
of the Senator from Virginia. My object is to
take that up; we can dispose of it in a very few
minutes; and then, when we have secured thus
much, we will proceed immediately to take up
the report of the peace conference; and I tell the
Senator from Virginia he will find me standing
here adhering to u as iong as he will; and when
the vote comes, I think I shall show that I am as
friendly to it as he; and that I have as much in-
spect for and appreciation of the services of the
great men who reported it.
Mr. MASON. The Senator from Illinois and
