404
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 16,
cause it will require deliberation, what, in my
opinion—whatever that may be worth—would be
the construction placed upon the language as it
now stands; butit would really seem prima facie
to intend to extebd the provisions of the resolu-
tion to all the territory north of it, and not to
extend them to the territory sou^h of it.
Mr. COLLAMER. I understood it so.
Mr. MASON. The Senator says he understood
it so. 1 do not know that on a fair interpretation
it would bear that construction; but it ought to
be made certain, and if it is to be of any value, it
must be made so. The language as it now stands
is this 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Will the Sen-
ator from Virginia suspend his remarks for a mo-
ment? It is imperative upon the Chair, under the
rules of the Senate, the hour of one o'clock hav-
ing arrived, to call up the special orders for that
hour. They are all at the disposal of a majority
of the Senate; but it is imperative upon the Chair
to present the special orders.
Mr. MASON. What is the special order ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
state the questions as they stand. The bill for
the admission of Kansas was made the special
order for to-day at one o'clock. The Pacific rail-
road bill, yesterday, was left, and remains, the un-
finished business. The question arose a few days
since, as to the priority of two propositions, one
having been a special order for a particular hour
when that hour arrived, and the proposition left
unfinished the day preceding. The Chair has had
consultation, he feels bound to say, with the per-
manent Presiding Officer of this body, and he will
be governed by his decision, whatever may be his
own private personal opinion; and he learns fiom
him that it has been his practice, and such is his
construction of the rules, that the unfinished busi-
ness takes priority of business assigned for a par-
ticular hour under the rule. The Chair, therefore,
under that ruling, presents the Pacific railroad bill
as now before the Senate. These questions are
now at the disposition of a majority of the Sen-
ate, to proceed with such measure as they see lit;
but the Pacific railroad bill is now the business
before the Senate.
Mr. BIGLER. I move to postpone the Pacific
railroad bill and all other prior orders, for the pur-
pose of proceeding with the consideration of the
resolutions of the Senator from Kentucky.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Pennsylvania moves to postpone the Pacific
railroad bill, and all other orders, special or gen-
eral, with a view to proceed with the considera-
tion of the resolutions now before the Senate.
Mr. WILSON. 1 ask for the yeas and nays
on that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SIMMONS. I ask for a division of the
question. Let us vote 011 postponing the Pacific
railroad hi1! first.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The. Chair
does not n-gartl the motion as divisible.
Mr. SUMNER. I would ask if the motion nifty
not be amended by substituting the Kansas bill,
instead of the resolutions of the Senator from
Kentucky?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is eompe-
petcnt for any Senator at any time to move to
postpone all prior orders, with reference to the
consideration of any particular subject indicated
by him; and that motion is neither divisible nor
amendable.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 27, nays 26; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Benjamin, Bigler, Brapsr, Bright,
Clingman, Crittenden, Douglas, Fitcii, Gri'rn, Hemphill,
Hunter, tverson, Jolinsfin o!' Tennessee, Kennedy, Lane,
Mason, Nicholson, Pearce, Polk, Powell, Pugl),Rice,Salis-
bury. Scbat-imii, Siutell, and Wigfall—21.
NAYS—Messrs. Amhony, Baker, Bingham, Cameron,
Chandler. Clark, Oollamer, Dixon,Dootittle, Duiker, Fes-
genden, Foot, Foster, Grimes, Gwia, Hale, Hailan, King,
Latham. Sewaici, Snmnons,, Sumner, Ten Eyck, Trumbull,
Wade, and Wilson—26.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. So the motion
prevails, and the resolutions of the Senator from
Kentucky [Mr. Crittenden] arc before the Sen-
ate; and the question now is on the amendment
of the Senator irom Kentucky, [Mr. Powell.]
M*'- MASON. I hope the Chair will recollect
—1 am sure he did not recollect—that I was inter-
rupted in my icmarks by the calling foi the spe-
cial order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair begs
pardon of the Senator from Virginia. The Sena-
tor from Virginia was upon the floor on this ques-
tion.
Mr. MASON. 1 knew it was only a misad-
vertence of the Chair. I was proceeding to say,
Mr. President that before this proposition, as an
amendment to the Constitution, can be adopted
by the slaveholding States, I know I speak their
sentiment in requiring that it shall be too ex-
plicit to be misunderstood \ and unless thisamend-
ment prevails, it will, of course, be of no value.
I have not said a word as to the general character
of this proposition, because I thought it best to
refrain from it; and I shall confine my remarks
upon it only to those questions that may inci-
dentally arise in perfecting it. I shall not speak
to the merits of the proposition, until I see what
may be the probability of its passage; but there
is one clause of it, which I understand now,
although offered separately, is a part of the reso-
lution to be submitted, to which, of course, I
never can assent, nor, I presume, others. It is
that which requires the sense of the people to be
taken upon the resolutions as a basis for the
amendment of the Constitution. Now, sir, I am
not prepared, for one, to convert this Government
from a republic of confederated States into a con-
solidated Government.
The question being taken by yeas and nays on
the amendment of Mr. Powell, resulted—yeas
29, nays 24; as follows:
YEAS— Mossis.Raker, Rayard, Benjamin, Bigler, Bragg,
Bright, Clingman, Crittenden, Douglas, Fiteh, Green,
Gwiu, Hemphill, Hunter, Iverson, Johnson of Tennessee,
Kennedy, Lane, Mason, Nicholson, Pearce, Polk, Powell,
Pugh,llioc, Saulsbuiy, Sebastian, Slidell, and Wigfall—29.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Bingham, Cameron, Chand-
ler, Clark, Collamwr, Dixon, Doolittle, Duikce, Fessenden,
Foot, Foster, Gnmes, Hale, Haiinn, King, Latham, Sew-
aid, Simmons, Sumner, Ten Eyck, Tiumbull, Wade, and
Wilson—24.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If no further
amendment be offered, either to the original res-
olutions or to the amendment offered as a substi-
tute by the Senator from New Hampshire, [Mr.
Claric,] the question will be on the amendment
of the Senator from New Hampshire.
The Secretary read Mr. Clark's amendment,
which is to stiike out the preamble, and all of the
resolutions after the word " resolved,''and insert:
That thcpioviMoos of the Constitution arc ample for
the pi enervation of the Union, and the protection of all the
material lnteiestsot the countiy; that it needs to be obeyed
rather titan amended; and that an extrication 1'iom our
present danger* is to bo looked for in strenuous eftorts to
preserve the peace, protect the public piopcrty,and ent'oiee
the laws, lather than in new guarantees for particular in-
terests, compi onuses for particular difficulties, or conces-
sions to unieasonable demands.
Resolved, That al I attempts to dissolve the present Union,
or overthrow orabandon the piesentConstltutlon, with the
hope or expectation of constructing a new one, are dan-
gerous, illusoiv, and destructive; that in the opinion of the
Senate of the United State* no such reconstruction is prac-
ticable ; and thru-lore, to the maintenance of the existing
Union and Constitution should bodueeted all the cncigies
of a1! the dcpaitinents of the Government, and the efforts
of all good citizens.
Mr. BINGHAM called for the ye
and they wore oidorcd.
Mr. SIMMONS. Mr. President, I intimated
yesterday, that when this question came up again
I desired to submit a few lumaiks to the Senate;
and I do not know but that it is os well to do so
on the amendment as on the original proposition.
I am opposed to the amendments of the Consti-
tution proposed in these resolutions; but before
I proceed to point out the particular objections to
these amendments, I will try to explain what I
understand to be the Constitution we now have.
The Senator from Texas, [Mr. Wigfall,] the
other day, in some remarks to the Senate, said
that when this Constitution was fiamed, by the
aid of Connecticut, seconded by Mr. Paterson, of
New Jersey, the framers of the instrument were
prevented from making it a national system, and
through the aid of Connecticut and New Jersey,
made it a federative system. I do not intend to
argue that question, whether or not, at this day,
we are living under a Confederation or a Consti-
tution; but 1 will state the proposition as made
in the convention upon which he based this dec-
laration, and I ask my* friend and colleague—as
he can see butter than I can, and also read a great
deal better—to read this debate. There arc sev-
eral pages of it. I think it explaina more clearly
than I could what the fathers intended this instru*
reas and nav^
T i n t miSfnd
ment to be. The proposition was thisr Mr. Ells-
worth moved that *t be referred to the Legislatures
of the States for ratification; Mr. Paterson sec-
onded the motion; and here is the debate upon it,
which I shall make a part of my speech,
Mr. ANTHONY read, as followst
" Mr. Ellsworth moved that it be refeired to the Legis-
latures ot the States for ratification.
" Mr. Paterson seconded the motion.
"Colonel Mason considered a refeience of the plan to-
the authority of the people as one of the most impoitant
and essential of the resolutions. The Legislatuies have
no power to ratify it. They are the mere creatures of the
State constitutions, and cannot be greater than their crea-
tors. And he knew of no power in any of their constitu-
tions—he knew theie was no power in some of them—thas
could be competent to this objcct. Whither, then must
we lesort ? To the people with whom all power remains
that has not been given up in the constitutions derived
from them. It was of great moment, he obseived.that this
doctrine should be cheiished, as the basis of free Govern-
ment. Another strong leason was, that-, admitting the Le--
gislatures to have a competent authority, it would bewiong
to referthc plan to them, because succeeding Legislatures,
having equal authoiity could undo the acts of their pre-
decessor; and the national Government would stand, in
each State, on the weak and totteiing foundation of an act.
of Assembly. There was a lemaming consideration of some
weight. In some of the State*, the governments weie not
derived from the clcar and undisputed authority ot the
people. This was the case in Virginia. Some of the best
and wisest citizens considered the constitution as estab-
lished by an assumed authority. A national constitutionde-
rived from such a souice would be exposed to the severest
ciiticisms.
"Mr. Randolph. One idea has pervaded all our pro-
ceedings, to wit: that opposition, as well trom the States
as horn individuals, will be made to the system to be pro-
posed. Will it not, then, be highly imptudent to furnish any
unnecessary pretext by the mode of ratifying It? Added tc*
other objections again«t a ratification by the legislative
authority only, it may be remaiked, that theie have been
instances in which the authoiity of the common hrv has
been set up m paitieulai States against that of the Confert-
eiation, which has had no higher sanction than lep-l.inve
ratification. Whose opposition will be most likely to he
excited against the system ? That of the local demagogues
who will be degraded by it from the importance they now
hold. These will spare no efforts to impede that progress
in the popular mind which will be necessaiy to the adoption
ot the plan, and which eveiy member will find to have taken
place in ins own, if he will compaie his present opinion*
with those he brought with him into the convention, it is
of gieat impoitanee, theitlorc, that the consideration of
this sublet should be transferred iiom the Legislatuies,
when* this of men have their full influence, to a field
in which their pfVorN can he less mischievous. It is, more-
ox er, woithj' of consideration, that some ot the States aie
avctse to any change in their constitutions, and will not
take the requisite steps unless expressly called upon, to
letci the question to the people.
'•Mi. Cekky. The arguments of Colonel Mason and Mr.
Randolph piovt* too much. They prove an unconstitution-
ality in the piesent Fedeml system, and even in some of the
State governments. Inferences diawn fiom such a souice
must be inadmissible. Both the State governments and
the Fedcial Government have been too long acquiesced in,
to be now shaken. He considered the Confedeiation to be
paiamoutjjflo any State constitution. The last article of it,
authorizWg^itlterations, must consequently be so as well
as the ouiere^&nd everything done in pursuance of the
article niusphave the same Inch authority with the aiticie.
Great conffision, he was confident, would result fiom a re-
currence to the people. They would never agree on any-
thing. He could not see any ground to suppose that the
people will do what their rulers will not. The ruleis will
eithei conform to or influence the sense of the people.
"Mr. Gorham was against referung the plan to the Le-
gislatuies. 1. Men chosen by the people for the particular
purpose will discuss the subject moie candidly than mcm-
bcis of the Legislature who are to lose the power which is
to he given up to the Geneial Government. 2. Some ot the
Legislatuies are composed of several blanches. It will
consequently he moie difficult, in these cases, to get the
plan tlnough the Legislatures than thiough a convention.
3. In the States many of the ablest men aie excluded from
the Legislatures, but may be elected into a convention.
Among thee may be lanked many of the clergj, who are
^eneialiyfiiendsto good government. Theirseivices were
found to be valuable in the formation and estahlislunent of
the constitution of Massachusetts. 4. The Legislatures
will be inieriuptcd with a variety of little business; by ait-
1'ttily pressing which, designing men will find means to
delay fiom year to ycai, if not to tiustrate altogether, the
national system. 5, If the last aiticle of the Confedeiation
is to be pursued, the unanimous eoncurtenee of the States
will be necessary. Rut will any one say that all the States
are to suffer themselves to he mined, if Rhode Island should
pei-ist in iter opposition to general measures ? Some other
States might also tiead m her steps. The pie-sent advant-
age which NewYoik seems to be so much attached to,
of taxing her neighbors by the legulation of hci tiadc, makes
it very probable that she will be of the number. It would
therefore deseive serious consideration, whether provision
ought not to be made for giving effect to the system with-
out waiting for the unanimous concurrence of the States."
"Mr. Ellsworth. If there be any Legislatuies who
should find themselves incompetent to the latification, he
should be content to let them advbewith their constit-
uents, and puisne such a mode as would he competent. lie
thought more was to be expected fiom the Legislatuies
than'the people. The prevailing wish of the people in the
eastern States is, to get rid of the public debt; and the idea
of strengthening the National Government carries with it
that of strengthening the public debt. It was said by Col-
onel Mason, in the first place, that the Legislatures have uq
authoiity in thii case: and iu the seoond, that their sue-
