1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1365
which nobody dissents, I ask Senators on all
sides, why is it worth our while to waste time in
the last hours of the session with this? Shall we
interpolate into the Constitution of the United
States a sentence which we, ourselves, cannot
understand; which must be referred to the judicial
interpretation, and where the judges themselves
will be at loss ? Or, as I said before, if we can-
not preserve the Constitution intact, or its prin-
ciples, or preserve the Union,- shall we preserve
at least the purity of the English language ? As
the resolution now stands amended, I am ready
to vote for it, not that I think it offers anything
substantial, but that i will not make controversy
with the House of Representatives on the subject.
Mr. HALE. I want to make a single sug-
gestion as a matter of fact, and not to make an
argument. I am informed, and suppose there is
no doubt of the fact, that the House of Represent-
atives have substantially adjourned. They have
adjourned to moot on the 4th day of March next,
one day beyoijd their constitutional existence, so
that substantially they have adjourned without
day; and any idea of their concurring in any
amendment we may make is absurd, because tliey
have adjourned to a period beyond their consti-
tutional existence.
Mr. COLLAMER. That is not so.
Mr. HALE. 1 am told it is not so; that the
legislative day lasts until meridian has been set-
tled fully: it lasts until Monday at noon.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. And they have ad-
journed until Monday.
Mr. COLLAMER. Monday, at ten o'clock.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. But why shall we put
this resolution at hazard by an amendment to
correct some misprision in language ? It is only
an awkward and bad expression at last. Its of-
fense is not that it is bad grammar, in my opin-
ion, but that it is a very awkward and ungrace-
ful sort of expression. It is as much as to say
that no future amendment shall authorize Con-
gress, or give any power to Congress, to do so
and so. My friend from Ohio is mistaken in sup-
posing that it is of no consequence. It does not
cover the whole ground, but it covers a part of
the ground, particularly as our caifntry is now.
There are seven out of the'fifteen slaveholding
States that we may consideras seceding. Itleaves
but eight in the Union; so that already the non-
slaveholding States have a two-thirds majority.
Now, with this great majority, the slaveholding
States have increased apprehensions, and only
ask, for their satisfaction and contentment, an in-
creased security, exactly proportionate to their
altered condition in the Union. It seems to me, at
any rate, it will be manifesting some sort of dispo-
sition to satisfy and content them, and I hope it
will be adopted in that view. But the question is
decided, unless some gentleman chooses to change
his vote. We have, on aquestiori of mere gram-
mar, a correction of language, put at hazard this
joint resolution. 1 move that the vote adopting
the amendment be reconsidered.
Mr. MASON. The Senator did not vote for it.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I beg pardon.
Mr. DOUGLAS. But it was a tie vote of the
Senate; and cannot a motion to reconsider come
from one side as well as the other? [" Oh,no."]
Mr. PUGH. If Senators desire it, although I
shall vote against the motion, I move a reconsid-
eration. 1 shall certainly vote to stand by the
amendment.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question now
is on the amendment of the Senator from Ohio.
Mr. PUGH. 1 ask for the yeas and nays again
on my amendment. It is suggested by my friend
from "Kentucky that there may be some change.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CL1NGMAN. I voted for the amend-
ment of the Senatoi from Ohio before, because I
thought it right in itself, though it is very proba-
ble that its adoption may defeat the resolution.
If I legardetl the resolution as of the least practi-
ticai consequence. I should not hesitate to vote
against the amendment; for, though the resolu-
tion is in bad grammar, and oughtto be amended,
everybody would understand what it means. But,
sir, I have looked on this resolution as a mere
tub thrown to the whale. I did not suppose any
Senator expected the Constitution to be amended
in this way; but it was thrown out to make the
public suppose we were doing something. I do
not believe the judicious part of the public would
attach any weight to it. I vote for the proposi-
tion; but that it will receive the votes of three
fourths of the States in the next five years, I do
not suppose; and if it did, I presume it would not
affect the public mind very seriously. Neverthe-
less, as gentlemen who are here think it a matter
of very great consequence that this resolution
should be passed, I have made up my mind to
vote against the amendment of my friend from
Ohio. I thought before, that this being a mere
fancy matter, it was better to put it in the best
shape; but as its friends think otherwise, I Shall
vote against the amendment, and allow it to pass
as it came from the House of Representatives.
. Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I consider the
vote which I shall cast on this resolution as one
that affects the destiny of my own section of the
country, and particularly of my own State; be-
cause, if it be adopted sincerely by the other side,
it is adopted as an inducement to half the south-
ern States to separate themselves from the rest. I
know that what I shall say on this question meets
with the non-concurrence and dislike of some Sen-
ators from the South; but such Senators should
have the tolerance to allow us to act honestly
here, though it may be inconsistent with their
views. I diner as widely from them in the justice
and rightfulness of their course as they possibly
can from me as to the justice and wisdom and
rightfulness of mine. It is a difference of opinion
that is honest. I believe there are southern men
here who are sacrificing their own country, sacri-
ficing it forever, and are striking the worst and
most fatal blow at it, when they divide their own
people, and give them up, by parcels and divis-
ions, to a future that has no limits, it seems to
me, in its sufferings, its degradations, and its
injuries.
This is the way that I look at it; and I am sorry
that I am compelled so to lookat it. I believe there
arc southern Senators who aic sacrificing their
own country and their own people, an'd those
whom they love most dearly, and for whom they
would fight most warmly, to the last drop of their
blood. I regard this proposition as one of the
most treacherous offerings ever made to the weak-
ness and timidity of those who are now advocat-
ing, and will continue to advocate to the last, sub-
mission upon the part of the South on almost any
terms that will keep them connected with the north-
ern States of the Union.
I cannot but believe that, when the South is
separated, there will have been achieved what
almost the whole vote on the northern side of this
House desires. I do not believe there will be any
war as long as five or six or seven States of the
South can be held within this Union; but rejoicing
and bonfires will be found all through those States,
tliat they may put the torch to them; and the song
of rejoicing will be sung, if what are called tiie
cotton States be thrown off. I regard it as a fatal
folly for gentlemen of the South to endeavor to
have something offered to the border States that
may induce them to remain in the Union, without
a full and fair settlement of the whole question,
that would bring back all the southern States to
this Confederacy. There is no settlement that I
shall ever consent to vote for here that I do not
believe will bring back all the States, and not only
preserve a union, but restore the Union which we
originally had—the Union which was given to us
by the Constitution. So help me God, I will deal
in no half-way measures. I will do nothing as
a trap for my own people, orany portion of them,
or any part of the people of any State; and I will
not, by voting for this proposition, aid in seeming
to restore the Union, when J know the effect is
simply to divide the people who are to be pre-
scribed under this Government. I will not cast
a vote of that sort.
Appeals come to me personally to act in this
matter as I feel that it is utterly inconsistent that
I should act, when I consider that I discharge a
duty here which rises above all personal consid-
erations, and which can have no connection with
the common passages of friendship through life.
I will not vote for this resolution. 1 had desired
not to cast a vote on it at all; but I see that it is
pressed; I see plainly the coloring which, from
the beginning, I expected. 1 not only will not
vote for the proposition itself, even when it is put
in good English and good grammar, but I shall i
look upon each vote that comes from the other I
side of the House for it as insincere and as faith*
less as any other vote they may gi^c to sustain
the " Constitution as it is." They have violated
the Constitution over and often; in many respects
their principles are inconsistent with it. They
never will act squarely by it unless there is a rev-
olution of public sentiment in this country to
which they themselves will have to yield, or which
will compel them to yield their seats to those who
will hereafter observe the terms of the Constitu-
tion.
That is the feeling I have, and the way I look
at it. If Senators think I am in error, I hope
they will have the tolerance at least to allow that
there are some others who are honest as well as
themselves, and who are sincere in a d,esire to
have the good of the country secured, and the
whole Union restored, and to have their own sec-
tion protected. I am sincerely sorry that there
should be manifestations, such as I have seen
around me, of intolerance to the opinions which
are expressed by me under these circumstances.
I shall vote against the resolution a? a delusive
affair, calculated to deceive. I shall vote against
it as a thing that is brought hero for the purpose
of dividing brethren. I shall vote against it be-
cause I verily believe each southern Senator
should say: " Give us nopartofa settlement;give
us a fair, full, complete one; and do not beguile
and lull us, and sacrifice us in our attachments,
as this is calculated to do."
Mr. GWIN. I voted against this amendment
on the representation of friends as I came into the
Senate just before the vote was announced, and
did not understand precisely what it was. I shall
now vote for the amendment. My principal rea-
son is, that if this joint resolution is the only
measure that is to be passed by this Congress, "I
think it is delusive; I do not think it will quiet the
country; it is not, in my judgment, that which
we are called upon by our constituents to pass.
We should pass some measure that would have
the effect, at least, of a reconstruction of this Gov-
ernment, if we cannot restore harmony between
all the original States, and bring back those that
have seceded.
I have not occupied the time of the Senate at
all, during this or the last session, in debating this
subject. I have considered that the State from
which I come, I may say both of the States on
the Pacific, occupy a peculiar position on the sla-
very question. My colleagues in this body, and
in the other House, have differed from me in re-
gard to the propriety of our discussing the sla-
very question here. During the last session of
Congress I gave a warning to the country, stating
that, in my judgment, if the Republican party
succeeded in electing their President, it would
jeopardize the Union; and my warnings and pre-
dictions then, have now become facts, known to
the whole country. Since that time, and during
this session, I have not spoken on the question at
all. Whenever the occasion presented, I have
voted for the propositions of the Senator from
Kentucky, [Mr. Crittenden;] and I' want an
opportunity of voting for the resolutions of that
Senator as they were amended in the Senate, be-
fore they were superseded by the proposition of
the Senator from New Hampshire, [Mr. Clark.]
I wish to record my vote again in favor of those
resolutions, if I can, before this session expires.
If the passage of this joint resolution from the
House of Representatives is all that is to be done
during this session, I do not believe it will have
the effcct of quieting the country, or restoring' the
Union of the States as it existed at the beginning
of this session of Congress.
For these reasons I shall vote for the amend-
ment of the Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Pugh.] I
believe that if we fail to pass the joint resolution
of the House of Representatives, we may get
some other measure through the Senate before
we adjourn that will be more satisfactory to the
country than that measure.
Mr. RAKER. What?
Mr. GWIN. I believe we can pass the resolu-
tionsof the peace conference that hove been sentto
us, with the amendment of the Senator from Vir-
ginia, [Mr. Hunter.] Certainly we can through
the Senate, if I am not greatly mistaken, if we
get any aid from the Republican side of this
Chamber.
There is not a member of this body, or a man
in this whole Union, who would go further than
