1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
407
I think the Senator from New York went a great
way. Why, Mr. President, it is something for
a party in 'the majority to agree to conciliate in
the present aspect of this country. f will do any-
thing that I can do that will not demoralize the
Government. I am afraid of that—absolutely
afraid of it. I am afraid to do anything that will
bring reproach upon the Government I love. The
Senator from New York said, that to threats he
would offer conciliation. That I would do. He
said that to exactions he would grant concessions.
That I am not quite certain that I would do. He
said that to hostile array he would give the right
hand of brotherhood. That is good. I have faith
that the millennium will come; but I do not think
it is here now. That would be good doctiinethcn.
No, sir, the millennium has not come. I know
the reading; but I suppose it was wrongly ren-
dered. I could hardly ever interpret the scripture
there where it said that generation should see it;
but 1 suppose the translators rendered it wrongly;
they did not quite understand the original tongue.
But, sir, the millennium did not come while Judas
Iscanot lived, nor will it come while others like
him fester and pester the society in which they
live,shame theircountry, and dishonor their race.
It will not come while such men are here. They
will be disposed of before that time comes.
The Senator from Kentucky believes with me
in that respect. I shall not utter a sentiment that
he will not agree with. If I do, I will takeitback
immediately. He and I have lived too long to-
gether for me to say anything disrespectful to
him. I never had any uneasiness in reference to
him but about one thing, and that was about my
children. I was not afraid that they would love
him any better than I did; but I was afraid that
they would love lnm better than they did me,
[laughter,] and that is the case with all Rhode
Island. There is no Prince of Wales or his
mother, or any other crowned head of Europe,
that Rhode Islanders would travel so far to sec as
the Senator from Kentucky. It is so now, and it
has been so for the last quarter of a century.
I have read over these it-solutions, and I have
said all that I intend to say about making the pro-
posed amendment perpetual. I hope the Senator
from Kentucky will run out m his own mind the
idea that 1 gave him about that, and will feel just
as I do m regard to it. The series of resolutions
introduced by Edmund Randolph into the con-
vention, declared that there ought to be a Gov-
ernment which could be changed by a majority
less than the whole That wa'< one of the cardi-
nal principles laid down when this Government
was framed. Now, it is proposed to make this
proposition so that it cannot be changed. The
Senator from Kentucky loves the Constitution as
well as I do. He was brought up under its teach-
ings. He has illustrated it in every speech ho has
made, and his whole life has illustrated it. Guar-
antees to slavery are proposed as if the Republican
party intended to invade the rights of slavehold-
ers. Why, sir, they would not have a corporal's
guard with th.:,m in either House of Congress if
they attempted it. It would not be as large as the
Tyler party, and that consisted of but five.
I made some memoranda when Senators were
speaking, for I thought I would answer some of
their arguments in detail; but I never did write a
sheet of paperover with notes butit bothered me,
for I never can read them. I am sorry it has got
to be the fashion to take them at all except by the
reporters. Now, I want the Senator from Ken-
tucky to turn his mind and his energies to some
method of composing thes? difficulties that shall
not destroy the Government. I am willing to say
that any interference with slavery in the States by
the General Governmentsnotamongthepowers
granted to Congress, and ought not to be granted
or exercised for all time. I do not believe that the
General Government has any such power now.
I never did believe it; and if you want to make it
any clearer I would put that in. The powers of
this Government are as distinct and as independ-
ent as if there were no States. The powers del-
egated to the National Government are to be ex-
ercised as if there were no States. On the other
hand, the powers that are retained by the States,
and the people of the States, are as independent
of those as if there was no National Government.
That is my doctrine. I am a State-rights man as
well as a national man; and the powers arc clearly
defined*—defined in the book and defined by the
practical experience of seventy years. I should
like to see a man bold enough to say that, under
the authority of the Constitution,"the General
Government it created could interfere with slavery
in the States in any way, directly or indirectly.
I believe in no such doctrine, and I do not believe
there is anybody who holds it; at least 1 have*
never seen him, nor do I believe there is a public
man in the United States big enough to obtain a
vote for President that would ever think of it, of
whatever party he might be. We have nothing
to do with protecting it or disturbing it in the
States; but ni regard to the Territories, I do riot
agree with the new-fashioned notion. I believe
we have a right to do either in the Tcriitorics,
We have a right to govern the Territories as we
please. 1 do not agree in the notion that this
Government is a trustee of the States for the Ter-
ritories. I never heard of such a doctrine until
lately.
The Senator from Oregon [Mr. Lane] says that
he is for having the equal rights of all the States
in this league. Why, sir, they had an alliance in
Europe in 1815—I think it was the treaty of Vien-
na—where the five great Powers agreed together
to take care of the lest of the world, and foimcd
what was called " The Holy Alliance;" and 1 be-
lieve it is in being yet, and that there was a talk of
calling them together to take care of Italy. That
alliance consisted of England, France, Russia,
Prussia, and Austria. If either of those Powers,
during the last lbrty-five years, had discovered a
new country,do you suppose it would give up its
own title to it, and say it held it for the alliance? If
a treaty of alliance for boundaries and the balance
of power in Europe, had defined stipulated pow-
ers, anything they did they would do in common
as we do; but is there any power here to discover
territory? That is not one of the express powers
granted m the Constitution, and on the theory of
all those secessionists, when a ship of John Jacob
Astor's discovered the mouth of the Columbia
river, and took possession of it, that tcrgitoiy
would belong to the State of New York. The
Constitution gives this Government no power to
acquire territory. Why is not that territory New
York's? The power that discovers a country by
taking possession of the mouth of a river, takes
all the slopes that run into it. That is the doc-
trine. If you get into a mud hole anywhere, you
must take all the country you can see. Upon
this idea, it would belong to New York, mani-
festly; but it js a power incident to the national
soveieignty; and so the sailor himself understood
it, and he hoisted the stars and stripes there,
instead of the (lag of New York. What right have
any of these otliei States to control slavery in
that territory by virtue of our being trustees for
the States5 It is moonshine, utter moonshine.
Tin* terntory belongs to the Government of the
United States as an incident of its sovereignty;
and every sailor that could hand-reef or steer
would know what flag to put up on a discovered
country, without consulting any constitutional
lawyers. It would be the national flag.
Myfiiend from Kentucky knows that. lie
believes it. We acquire territory in consequence
of our national sovereignty. There is no express
power in the Constitution for it. It is an incident
to sovereignty, an incident to the war and treaty
making powers. We own the territory. The
States have no more to do with it than the Em-
peror of France—not a bit more; and this Gov-
ernment has nothing to do with their local affairs,
except to protect them. That we are bound to
do. We have given them guaraniees to take care
of them, to save them from themselves, if they have
disturbances among themselves, and call upon us;
and we ought to do it. I am ready to do it if
there is any disturbance. There is no man here
but is willing to prevent any invasion of any
State for the purposes of injury and annoyance,
and to punish those engaged in it.
This was brought up against the Republican
party. Everything that has been done for the
iast twenty years is charged to the Republican j
party, winch in my State did not exist until four
years ago last May. That was the first meeting
they ever held there under their organization—
the first time they ever got together. When were
the personal liberty bills, which are said to be an
infraction of tins treaty, passed? Massachusetts
is arraigned here every other day for having
passed personal liberty bills infracting the Con-
stitution. Why, sir, if they are unconstitutional,
they are utterly void. Everybody knows that;
But who passed them? The first personal liberty
bill that has been bandied about here aJJ over the '
Senate, was passed when both Houses of the
Massachusetts Legislature were Democratic, with
a Democratic Governor approving of it-, and the
negro equality law passed the same month. This
negro equality bill came from the fact that Mas*
sachusetts that year repealed the law -which for-
bade the intermarriage of different races. That
was done by the Democrats, and the next year
the Democratic Governor, who approved those
acts, beat " Honest John Davis." I went there
and made speeches to try to elect John Davis; but
he was beaten. Our candidate was not elected by
the people; uor was the other man in 1842, but
he was elected by the Legislature, and next year
he beat us one vote. The third year we had a
national fight, and wc beat them in Massachu-
setts; but we were beaten ourselves in the coun-
try in 1844; and that same Governor who signed
this personal liberty bill and the negro equality
bill, was sent into the Senate for the best office ia
New England, nominated by Mr. Polk, and every
Dcmociatic Senator voted for him, knowing that
that was the fact, if they knew anything about
it; but I do not know whether they knew it or
not. If they did, they would notcare a fig about
it, if he was on their side, but they would say:
" this man probably had to get in by promising
the Abolitionists to do something if he got their
votes;" and that is the way he did get in. Their
idea is, " it will do very well if our folks do it;
only let it work for the benefit of the Democratic
party, and you may pass personal liberty bills or
negro equality bills to your hearts' content."
But now they get up here and lay these bills to the
Republican party, when the first Republican Gov-
ernor elected in Massachusetts brought to the
notice of the Legislature the very provisions in
that bill which were wrong, and that Legislature
altered them, although they had been on the
statute-book twelve years with all sorts of Gov-
ernors, and nobody ever thought of them until •
Governor Banks called attention to them. And
yet these are the grave charges thrown up here
against tlse Republican party, at d made the oc-
casion for breaking up this Government—such
kind of things as these.
I do not care what kind of laws they pass in
Georgia or South Carolina affecting us; only I do
not like to see those laws imprisoning our sailors
because they are poor fellows. South Carolina
made a law of that kind; but when she wanted to
get trade with England, She repealed it in refer-
ercncc to foreign countries, but kept it on in ref-
erence to herown brothers. That is the way they
treat us; hut we are not going to fight about it,
or quarrel ov< r it. Our law in Rhode Island was
passed six or eight years before there ever was a
Republican party there—and there were more than
six times as many Whigs who voted against it
as there were Democrats. Two of the leading
Whig members made speeches against it; but they
were beaten. Afterwards, one of those men who
opposed it came to be chicf justice of our State.
He was on the committee to revise the statutes—
to make a code—and he pared that thing all down,
and got it so that it was inoffensive; and he said
that, if it were not for making a noise, he would
strike it out altogether. They pared it down and,
when all the virus was out, it was voted for unan-
imously by a Republican Legislature, after every
part of it thateven savored of unconstitutionality
was taken out. We do not want any unconsti-
tutional laws in Rhode Island* nor do they in
Massachusetts. I know they have been pretty
high strung in Massachusetts ever since I knew
them. I never did like them any too much. They
banished our ancestors, hung the Quakers, and
killed folks for being witches. [Laughter.] I do
not believe in that doctrine; but still, Massachu-
setts is a pretty considerable State. She was
thought so in the time of the Revolution; and I
made up my mind, on account of what she did
then, never to harbor any hard feeling toward
her for what she had done before, although she
had done a good many bad things. I do not mean
to have any hard feelings toward any State, or
the people of any State, but I cannot go quite as
far as the Senator from New York; For I think
the millennium has not come, though I have full
faith that it will come. I do not know of a man
