1368
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is the amend-
ment now offered by the Senator from Ohio.
Mr. MASON. Let it be read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is what the
Chair proposes.
The Secretary read tlie amendment, to strike
out all after the enacting clause, and insert:
That the following articles be, and are hereby, proposed
and submitted as amendments to the Constitution of the
United States, which shall be valid to all intents and pur-
poses as part of said Constitution, when ratified by conven-
tions of three fourths of the several States:
Article I.
In all the territory of the United States now held or here-
after acquired, situate north of latitude 36° 30', slavery or
involuntary servitude, except as a punishment for crime, is
prohibited, while such territory shall remain under territo-
rial government. In all the territory now held or hereafter
acquired, south of said line of latitude, slavery of the Afri-
can race is heieby recognized as existing, and shall not be
interfered with by Congiess; but shall be protected as prop-
erty by all the depaitments of the territorial government
dining its continuance; and when any Territory, north or
south of said line, within such boundaries as Congress may
pi escribe, shall contain the population requisite for a mem-
ber of Congress, according to the then Federal ratio ot rep-
resentation of the people of the United States, it shall, if its
form of government be republican, be admitted into the
Union on an equal footing with (he original States, with or
without slavery,as the constitution of such new State may
provide.
Article II.
Congress shall have no power to abolish slavery in places
under its exclusive jurisdiction and situate within the limits
of States that permit the holding of slaves.
Article III.
Congress shall have no power to abolish slavery withm
the Di=fiict of Columbia so long as it exists in the adjoin-
ing States of Vngima and Maryland, or either, nor with-
out the consent of the inhabitants., nor without just com-
pensation first made to such owners of slaves as do not
consent to such abolishment. Nor shall Congress at any
time prohibit officers ot the Federal Government, or mem-
bers ot Congress, whose duties require them to be in said
District, from bringing with thorn their slaves, and holding
them as such, dunng the time their duties may require
them to remain theie, and afterwards taking them from the
Disti ict.
Article IV.
Congress shall have no power to prohibit, or hinder the
transportation of slaves from one State to another, or to a
Temtory in which slaves aie by law pcuniued to be hold,
whether that transportation bo by land, navigable rivers, or
by the sea. But the Alriean slave trade shall be forever
suppressed, and it shall be the duty of Congress to make
Mich laws as shall be necessary and effectual, to pievent
the migration or jmpoitation of slaves or persons owing
service or labor, into the Umred States ficun any foreign
country, place, or jurisdiction whatever.
Si:c. ii.Th.it persons committing crimes against the right-*
of those wiio hold prisons to serviceor labor in one State,
and Hoeing to anoiliei, shall he delivered up in the same
manner a.- persons mmmitting other crimes ; and that the
Jaws of tlx* States fiom which such persons /lee shall be
the test of niiuinaht) .
hEe. 3. Congiess Miall pa*s efficient laws for the punish-
ment of all pei^oun m any of the States, who ^luiH in any
manner aid and abet invasion or insurrection in any other
State, or commit any othor act tending to distutb the tran-
quillity of its people, or government of any other State.
Article: V.
That, in addition to the provisimwof the third paragraph
of the second section of the fourth article of the Constitu-
tion of the United States, Congiess shall have powei to
provide by law, and it shall bo its duty so to piovule, that
the United States shall pnv to the ovvnei who shall apply
for it, the full value of his lugifive slave, in all case* when
the maishal, or ojiiei oilieei, whose duty it was to ariest
said fugitive, wa^ presented irom so doing by violence or
intimidation, oi when, alter ariest, said fugitive was res-
cued by force, and the owner iheieby prevented and ob-
structed m the pur-uit of his tomoiiy for the jeeovcry of his
fugitive slave, umlei the said clause of the Constitution and i
the laws made in puisuimee thoi eof. And in all such eases
when the United States shall pay for such fugitive, they shall
have the poivcr to ionnhur«:e themselves by imposing and
collecting a lav on the county or city in winch t-aid violence,
intimidation,oi icscuc waseomnutted,equal in amount to
the sum paid by them, with the addition of mtei est and the
costs of collection ; and the said county or city, alter it has
paid said amount to the United States, may, for its indem-
nity , sue and lecover from the \\ rong-docrs or rescuers by
whom the owner wa< prevented from the recovery of his
fugitive slave, in like manner as the owner himself might
have sued and recovered.
Article VI.
No future amendment ot the Constitution shall affect the
five preceding articles, nor die thud paragraph of the second
section ot the first article of the Constitution, nor the third
paragraph ol the second section of the fourth article of s>aid
Constitution; and no amendment shall be made to the Con-
stitution which will authorize or give to Congress any
power to abolish or interfere with slavery m any of the
States by whose laws it is or may be allowed or permitted.
Article VII.
Src. 1. The clcctivc franchise and the right to hold office,
whether Federal, State, territorial, or municipal, shall not
be exercised by persons who are, in whole or in part, of the
African raee.
Mr. WILKINSON. I understand the question
to be upon the adoption of the amendment just
read,-which is the proposition of the Senator from !
Kentucky, as a substitute for the House resolu-
tion ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. (Mr. Foot, in
the chair.) That is the question now before the
Senate.
Mr. WILKINSON. Mr. President, unlike the
Senator from Oregon, I shall neither vote for the
substitute, nor for the original proposition. The
course which events have taken since the late
presidential election is so new and strange to the
people of the United States, so startling to the
public mind, that the friends of the Constitution
and the laws are fast arraying themselves to-
gether to uphold the institutions of our couptry,
while its enemies are fast becoming consolidated
for the purposes of its destruction. With the
Federal Governmentin their hands, with the Army
and the Navy under their control, with the Presi-
dent subject entirely to their will, with all the
Federal patronage in their hands, with the Su-
preme Court ever ready to decide all questions of
constitutional law in accordance with their views,
with the Senate under their control, with a ma-
jority in the other end of this Capitol—thus in
power and authority, in every branch and depart-
ment of the Federal Government, iLs enemies, at
the commencement of this session, deliberately
proposed the overthrow and ruin of this Govern-
ment, simply because the people of the United
States, in strict conformity with the Constitution
and the laws, elected Abraham Lincoln Presi-
dent; for it is beyond all question, if Mr. Breck-
inridge had been electcd, there would have been
no threats of dissolution, of disunion, of seces-
sion, such as nowfill the air. With no complaints
against the Federal Government for grievances
which cannot be redressed under the Constitution
as it is, suffering no wrongs for which that in-
strument does notprovide the most ample remedy,
these men, the enemies of this Union, the ene-
mies of our Constitution, propose its overthrow
and its ruin, because the Treasury of the Govern-
ment is about to pass out of the hands of those
who have despoiled it, and into the possession of
those whom the people have selected to guard and
protect it.
I will not allude to the subterfuges behind which
the enemies of our Government seek to shield
themselves, nor shall I refer to the miserable
excuses which they offer for the monstrous crime
of the destruction of this Government. Stripped
of all disguises and unworthy evasions, let it be
known, now and forever, in this Senate Chamber
and throughout the civilized world, that the sole
and only reason for which it is proposed to de-
stroy this Government is-, that a false, faithless,
and corrupt Administration has been driven from
power by the authority and majesty of the sov-
ereign people, whose right it is to rule this nation.
Sir, what is the record which that party has left
for the study of the people of this country? Com-
ing into power with an overflowing Treasury, in
fourshoit years it brings bankruptcy upon this
nation. Its chief financial agent, after having
brought disgrace and ruin upon the land, after
having brought bankruptcy upon this nation,
seeks to shield himself from the indignation of an
outraged people by faking refuge beneath the black
banner of treason. The Secretary of War, charged
by his oath of office with the management of the
i military affairs of the proudest nation on earth,
j instead of conducting those affairs for the protec-
| t'on of the people of this great nation, employs
the power thus confided for the purpose of enrich-
• mg himself and corrupt party favorites, turns the
| military power of this country into the hands of
! its enemies, despoils, by illegal, corrupt, and
fraudulent acts of his, the people's Treasury, and
lefuses protection, in the hour of peril, to the
country's tiuest and most noble defender. He,
too, after having blackened his own character;
after having blackened the reputation of his own
country, and after having defamed, in the name
of his own State, the home of Washington, he,
too, to shield himself from the indignation of an
outraged people, takes refuge beneath the same
black banner of treason.
The Secretary of the Interior, charged by his
oath of office with the management of the internal
affairs of this great nation, sworn to support the
Constitution and the laws, while thus acting un-
der that oath, goes forth upon a mission to devise
wnys and means to provide for the dissolution of
that very Union which he was sworn to support;
and while thus acting in violation of his oath, his
own Department is being robbed of a marvelous
amount oy an especial and confidential agentand
friend, himself a secessionist, who thought itwas
necessary to protect himself with his southern
friends by publicly declaring in a city paper that
he would not hold office under a black Republi-
can President. Why, sir, this action of the Sec-
retary of the Interior is so strangely inconsistent,
so violative of his oath of office, so criminally
violative of every principle of right, so much in
utter disregard of his own oath, that his own
friends are shocked and disgusted at his transac-
tions.
Itwas against this Administration,with which
these men were connected, that the people last
fall rendered their verdict; and now we are asked
to apologize for that decision; we are asked to
apologize for hurling such men from power; we
are asked to apologize for turning out the vam-
pires who have preyed upon the Treasury of this
country. Was ever crime more bold, audacity
more defiant, or treason more daring than this?
Mr. President, when I came to the capital at
the commencement of this session, it was my hope
that, through calm and conciliatory action, the
clouds that seemed to " lower upon our house"
might break away, and leave the clear, brightsun
of peace to shine upon us once more. It was my
hope that in the action of the people which had
just taken place, in the decision at the polls in last
November, the defeated would have acquiesced,
as it has been our part to have yielded in the past.
But, sir, in this my hopes have been mistaken.
The course which the debate took in the early
part of this session had a tendency to lead to any-
thing but good or profitable results. On this side
of the Chamber we were immediately met by vio-
lent and inflammatory harangues, by bitter invec-
tives and personal abuse thrown to us from the
other side of the Chamber, until it became ap-
parent to every man of common observation that
nothing like conciliatory action could be had here.
For neither individuals nor communities are likely
to be driven from the support of their principles
and their convictions through the agency of
threats and denunciations.
Why, sir, we were told by gentlemen from that
side, who had upheld this Administration, all
reeking with fraud and villainy as it was, that we
were chargeable with the destruction of this Gov-
ernment. We were told, in the early part of this
session, that we must surrender our principles;
wc must lay down our convictions; wc must ceasc
to talk about the question of personal liberty or
of personal right; or else, they told us, this Union
would be broken up forever. Well,sir, in making
these unreasonable demands, in giving utterance
to these violent and abusive threats, the people of
the South have acted under a fatal mistake. I
know that heretofore the people of the South have
looked upon the northern people as craven. I
know they have considered them cowardly. I
am well aware they have regarded them as teing
powerless beneath the crushing weight of the
moneyed influence of the country; and in this our
neighbors have had too great reason for so believ-
ing. I know that heretofore, whenever threats
like these have been uttered by the South, her
people have regarded the trading interests of the
East, and the commercial men of our northern
cities, as their natural allies, ever ready to bow
down at the bidding of the South, and to surren-
der to any demand which might be made of them.
I know well that heretofore this trading, moneyed
influence of the North has exerted a mighty power
in controlling even the political action of the
country; but here the South has made one great
mistake. Since the compromise of ten years
ago, the last of the compromises, a great West
has sprung up, full grown and powerful, which
sends my friend from Michigan [Mr. Chandler]
and others here, who have a little more backbone
and a little more nerve, I apprehend, than some
of our eastern Republicans; and here is where our
southern friends made a little mistake.
But, sir, what was their demand? What was
their claim? The Senator from Georgia [Mr.
Iverson] said: "You must give up to us the Ter-
ritories of this whole country; we will carry our
slaves into all the Territories of this nation, orwe
will destroy this Union; we will haye that right
in the Union, if we can get it; out of the Union,
if we cannot." Now, sir, we had just decided
