1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
409
to slave labor or that is claimed by theSouth. It
ought to settle the whole cjucstion. Surely if we
can dispose of all the territory that we have, we
ought not to quarrel ovc-r that which we have
not, and which we have no very honest way of
acquiring. Let us settle the difficulties that threaten
us now, and not anticipate those which may never
come. Let the public mind have time to cool; let
us forget, in the general prosperity, the mutual de-
pendence, and the common glory of our country,
that we have ever quarreled over the question that
we have put at rest; and perhaps when, in the
march of events, the northern provinces of Mex-
ico are brought under our sway, they may come
in without a ripple on the political sea, whose
tumultuous waves now threaten to ingulf us all in
one common ruin.
In offering to settle this question by the admis-
sion of New Mexico, we of the North who assent
to it propose a great sacrifice, and offer a large
concession. "We propose to take in a State that
is deficient in population, and that possesses but
imperfectly many of the elements of a member of
the Union, and that will require, in one form or
another, even after its admission, the aid of the
General Government. But we make the offer in
aspirit of compromise and good feeling, which
we hope will be reciprocated.
And now, Mr. President, I appeal to Senators
on the other side, when wo thus offer to bridge
over full seven eighths of the frightful chasm that
separates us, will you not build the other eighth ?
When, with outstretched arms, we approach you
so near that, by reaching out your hands you can
clasp ours in the fraternal grasp from which they
should never be separated, will.you, with folded
arms and closed eyes, stand upon extreme de-
mands which you know we cannot accept, and
for which, if \vc did, wo could not carry our con-
stituents ?
1 had not intended to take part in this debate;
but since so many have participated in it, I was
unwilling that it should close till I had added my
voice to the more powerful ones that have been
raised on the side of moderate counsels, fidelity
to the Constitution, and unalterable attachment
to the Union. I wished also to express my ap-
probation of the conservative, statesmanlike, and
patriotic spcech of the Senator from New York.
The Senator from Delaware has said that his
State, ns it had been the first to adopt the Federal
Constitution, so she would be the last to desert
it. That claim I shall dispute with him. The
State that I have the honor, in part, to represent,
was the last of the old thirteen to adopt the Con-
stitution. She will permit no other State to be
the last to leave it. She will remain true to the
American flag so long as a shred of it floats. She
delibeiated long, because she appiehendcd thatiu
entering into the Union she made great sacrifices
and incurred great risk of loss. She has found
that, instead of sacrifice and loss, it has been all
glory and gam.
Mr. President, the times demand wisdom, mod-
eration, conciliation. The Constitution is to be
preserved in the spirit in which it was framed—
by mutual forbearance; by a liberal interpretation
of each other's motives, and by a generous con-
fidence of the people of every section in the peo-
ple of every other section. Whoever attempts
to destroy or to impair that confidence points an
arrow at the heart of his country. Whoever at-
tempts to strengthen or to restore it invokes upon
himself the benediction that was pronounced on
the peace-makers.
However we may be estranged by unfortunate
and, I trust, transient causes, we are all brethren
of one household. Intermarriage and immigra-
tion have given to the families of either section
rcpirsentdtjves in the other. You cannot trace
back your family tree but some of its limbs will
cast their shadows in every State. The blood of
your ancestors flowed af Lexington, and reddened
the sod of Bunker Hill; the bayonets of ours
gleamed at the battle of Cowpens; and the sword
of a Rhode Island man, to whom my colleague
has so eloquently referred, directed the fight at
Eutaw Springs. That day he made good the dec-
laration that he would rescue the Uarolinas, or
pei ish m the attempt.
Toother our fathers achieved the independ-
ent of their country; together they laid the foun-
dations of its greatness and itsglory; together they
constructed this beautiful system under which it is
our privilege to live, which it is our duty to pre-
serve and to transmit. Together we enjoy that
privilege; together we must perform that duty. I
will not believe that, in the madness of popular
folly and delusion, the most benignant Govern-
ment that ever blessed humanity is to be broken
up. I will not believe that this great Power,
which is marching with giant steps toward the
first place among the nations of the earth, is
to be turned " backward on its mighty track."
There are no grievances, fancied or real, that can-
not be redressed within the Union and under the
Constitution. There are no differences between
us that may not be settled if we will take them
up in the spirit of those to whose places we have
succeeded t and the fruits of whose labors we have
inherited. [Applause in the galleries.]
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
be obliged to order the galleries to be cleared if
that noise is repeated.
Mr. COLLAMER. As we have probably
heard all the discussion that gentlemen desire to
make on these resolutions to-day, I wish to sug-
gest, as the Kansas bill has lost its position upon
the Calendar, that it may be taken up, with a
view to fix a day for its consideration.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It can only be
done by unanimous conscnt.
Mr. COLLAMER. I call for the yeas and
nays on that question.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair did
not hear the last remark of the Senator.
Mr. COLLAMER. I say I desire to call up
the Kansas bill, with a view to fix a day for its
consideration. I now move that the Senate take
up that bill; and on that question I call for the
yeas and nays.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Will the Sen-
ator make some disposition of the business now
before the Senate?
Mr. COLLAMER. I move that it be post-
poned. I believe these resolutions have never
been made a special order at all.
Mr. HUNTER. If the Senator from Vermont
will give me his ear, I wish to suggest to him, if
he intends to make it a special order, that to-mor-
row, at half past twelve o'clock, I shall ask the
Senate to take up the deficiency bill. If any other
day is named, I shall not object.
Mr. COLLAMER. I move that the subject
now before flic Senate be postponed, for the pur-
pose of taking up the Kansas bill, which was
assigned for to-day.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Then the ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Ver-
mont, to postpone the resolutions offered by the
Senator from Kentucky, now under consideration,
with a view to take up the bill (H. R. No. 23) for
the admission of Kansas into the Union.
Mr. COLLAMER. I desire the yeas and nays
on that question.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 25, nays 30; as follows:
YEAS—Mcsia Anthony, Baker, Bingham, Cameron,
Chandlei, Clark, Collamcr, Dixon, Ooolitrlc, Duikec, Fes-
senden, Foot, Foster, Gumcs, Hale, Ilarian, King. Sew-
ard, Simmon?., Sumner, Ten Eyck, Tiumbul), Wade,
Wilkinson, and Wilson—2T>.
NAYS—M<issks.I>a\aid, Benjamin, Bigler, Brag?, Bright,
Clmewaii, Cuttenden, Douslat,, Fitch, Green, Gum,
Hemphill, Ilunter, Iverson. Johnson of Arkansas, Johnson
ofTennesseo, Ivennedv. Lane, Latham, Ma&on, Nicholson,
Pearce, Polk, l'owell, Pugh, Jtice, Saulsbury, Sebastian,
Slideil,and Wigfali—30.
So the motion was not agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment offered by the Senator from
New Hampshire, as a substitute for the resolu-
tions; and on that question the yeas and nays
have been ordered.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 25, nays 23; as follows:
YEAS— Anthony, Baker, Bingham, Cameron,
Chandler, Clark, ColJamcr, Dixon, Doolittle, Durkee, Fch~
sornlen, Foot, Foster, Grimes, Hale, Ilaiian, King, Seward,
Simmons, Sumner, Ten Eyck, Tiumbuil, Wade, Wilkin-
son, and Wilson—05.
NAYS—]\Irs?-rs. Bayard, Bigler, Brag£, Bright, Cling-
man, Crittenden, Fitch, Green, Gwin, Hunter, Johnson of
Tennessee, Kennedy, Lane, Latham, Mason, Nicholson,
Pearcc, Polk. Powell, Pugh, llice, Saulsbury, and Sebas-
tian—'S3.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is no
further amendment before the Senate.
Mr. PUGH. I move to lay the resolutions on
the table.
Mr. GREEN. With the consent of the Sena-
tor, I wish to have an executive session.
Mr. HUNTEIT. Let us lay this subject on the
table.
Mr. GREEN. I will wait until the vote is
taken on that motion.
Mr. PUGH. If the Senator wishes to speak,
I will withdraw the motion.
Mr. GREEN. Not at all. I desire to have
an executive session after the vote is taken on
your motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Ohio to lay
the resolutions on the table.
Mr. HALE. I call for the yeas and nays.
["Oh, no."] Well, I withdraw the call.
The motion was agreed to.
RAILROAD TO TIIE PACIFIC.
Mr. BIGLER. I now renew the motion to
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness.
Mi'. GWIN. I ask the Senator to waive that
motion for a moment. I hope the Senate will
agree to take up the Pacific railroad bill, and let
it be the unfinished business at the adjournment,
so that it can come up for consideration to-mor-
row.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
to proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness is before the Senate, unless it is withdrawn.
Mr. GWIN. I hope the Senator from Penn-
sylvania will withdraw that motion, in order that
we may take up the railrQad bill, and leave it as
the unfinished business. After the bill is taken
up, I shall bo willing to proceed at once to the
consideration of executive business.
Mr. BIGLER. If it creates no difficulty, I
will withdraw the motion.
Mr. GWIN. I move to take up the Pacific
railroad bill, in order that it may be left as the
unfinished business, and then I shall be in favor
of an executive session.
Mr. HUNTER. I will make no opposition to
that, if the Senator will give way long enough to-
morrow for me to take up the deficiency bill.
Mr. GWIN. Certainly.
Mr. HUNTER. It is important that that bill
should bo acted on to-morrow.
Mr. GWIN. I have no objection to that.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from California.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, resumed the con-
sideration of the bill (H. R. No. 701) to secure
contracts, and make provision for the safe, cer-
tain, and more speedy transportation, by rail-
road, of mails, troops, munitions of war, military
and naval stores, between the Atlantic States and
those of the Pacific, and for other purposes, the
pending question being on the amendment offered
by Mr. Benjamin, to strike out, in the thirty-
fourth and thirty-fifth lines of the first section,
the words, "a majority of such grantees shall
admit as their associates," and to insert in lieu
thereof the following:
Shall choose to associate with them and become with
them subscribers and coiporators for that purpose, ab hero-
inatter provided.
Mr. BIGLER. Now, I renew my motion for
an executive session.
Mr. COLLAMER. Is the railroad bill dis-
posed of?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Not yet. The
pending question now is, that the Senate proceed
to the consideration of executive business.
Mr. GWIN. I want to leave the bill as the
unfinished business.
Mr. COLLAMER. If the gentleman will
indulge me a moment, I desire, for the purpose
I suggested before, to move to take up the Kan-
sas bill, with a view to fix a time at which the
Senate will consider it. I move that the bill for
the admission of Kansas be now taken up.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will state to the Senator that the Pacific railroad
bill is now before the Senate, and while before
the Senate, the Senator from Pennsylvania moves
to proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness.
Mr. COLLAMER. I understood the gentle-
man to suspend his motion for an executive ses-
sion in order that I might bring this subject up.
Mr. BIGLER. I withdrew it for the Sena-
