1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
that question. This extraordinary demand came
to us within four weeks from the time that the
peopleof this great country had, by their solemn
and overwhelming verdict, declared that they
would not do any such thing. If I understand
the position which those gentlemen took, it was
this: " Surrender your convictions, you people of
the North; you craven Black Republicans, lay
down your political convictions; give them all up;
give us all the Territories of this country, and let
this nation be a pro-slavery nation, and we will
condescend to remain in this Union." I will let
some of my friends from the East and from the
commercial seaports answer for themselves; but,
Mr. President, the peopleof the Northwest plant
themselves upon the verdict of the Gth of Novem-
ber last; and I, for one, declare here that I shall
vote for no proposition whatever which recedes
one inch from that verdict. I have no right, as a
representative of the people, to baiter off or to traffic
away that decision,and I say plainly I never will
do it.
But we are told that we must make concessions
to the South, or they will go out. Now, sir, let
us look at this question for a moment. Whathave
we to concede' What have we got, poor Black
Republicans, as they call us, to concede? What
have we ever had in this country ? When did we
ever have the power? When did we ever make a
law in the United States ? When have we ever
taken a single tithe or a jot or a tittle from your
rights ? When did we ever take one tittle from
your constitutional liberty or your constitutional
rights? Never! never! for we never had the
power to do it.
Let us look at the history of this question for
one moment. I intend to be brief. In 1850, you
said that the country was in danger; the Consti-
tution was in danger; the Union was in danger.
And why ? Because the people of the North
claimed that theWilmot proviso should be ap-
plied to all the Territories which had been acquired
from Mexico. There was a good deal of strife
about it; and Mr. Clay—a very great man, whose
memory I adore to-day—came forward to settle
this question. How did he propose to settle it?
In the first part of the session of Congress of that
year, ho offered a series of resolutions, and after-
wards proposed a series of bills which carried out
the theory of the resolutions he had introduced.
Here are two of those resolutions:
"Resolved, That California, with suitable boundaries,
ought, upon tier application, to be admitted as one of the
States of tile Union, without the imposition by Congress of
any resfnction in respect to the exclusion or introduction
of slavery within those boundaries.
'• Resolved, That as slavery does not exist by law, and is
not likely to lie introduced into any of the temtory acquired
by the United States from the Republic of Mexico, it is
inexpedient for Congress to provide by law either for its
introduction into, 01 exclusion from, any part of tho said
territoiy ; and that appropriate territorial governments i>u«lit
to lie established by Congress in all ot tile said territory
not assigned as the boundaries ot the proposed State of
California, without the adoption of any restriction or con-
dition on the subject of slavery.*'
That was the principle introduced here by the
great Henry Clay What was that principle?
My friend from Illinois [Mr. Douglas] says that
was the great doctrine of non-intervention; and
so it was. I knowthey were a series of proposi-
tions which the North did not like very well, be-
cause there were some propositions among them,
to which I shall not allude, which shocked the
sense of the northern people, and which they
turned from with disgust and contempt. ButMr.
Fillmore came in as President of the United States,
and threw tho whole force of his administration
in favor of the compromises of Henry Clay; and
the people of the North surrendered their private
convictions and their private feelings, and sus-
tained that compromise. What followed ? In a
very short time, some two or three years, my
friend from Illinois started up here and proposed
to tear down the compromise of 1820, because it
was in violation of the principles of the compro-
mise of 1850, introduced hero by Henry Clay.
The Senator from Tennessee [Mr. Nicholson]
stated in his speech, some time since, that the first
fatal stab which was made at this Union, and to
the peace of the country, was when the Repub-
lican party met in Philadelphia, m 1856; and tile
Senator from Illinois [Mr. Douglas] says that
the whole source of all this difficulty is the agita-
tion on the part of the anti-slavery men of the
North. Now, Mr. President, I think these gen-
tlemen must go a little further back in the history
of events, if they will find the true cause of all
this difficulty and of all this estrangement of feel-
ing. When the gentlemen from the South, fol-
lowing the lead of the Senator from Illinois, pro-
posed to tear down the time-honored compromise
of 1820, that barrier against the aggressions of
slavery on this continent, in a time of profound
and undisturbed peace, they threw open the flood-
gates which let in this angry tide of sectional
strife and of fiery controversy which now threatens
to destroy this Union.
Now, sir, after having torn down one compro-
mise, because it was inconsistent with the com-
promise of 1850, the Senator from Kentucky and
others come to us and ask us now to tear down
this other compromise,in order that they may es-
tablish slavery byirrepealable constitutional law,
in all that Territory. If I were asked merely to
restore the original Missouri compromise, as it
stood without any amendment, witlioutanyaddi-
tions or qualifications, I do not know but I would
be willing to do it; but when I am asked by the
Senator from Kentucky, or any other man, to do
what Henry Clay declared there was no earthly
power could compel him to do, when I am asked to
tear down another compromise for the purpose of
establishing—by irrepealable law—slavery upon
a vast Territory, I say plainly, here in the Senate
Chamber, and to the country, I will never do it;
never! never! never! Let me read what Henry
Clay said then on that subject; for it is better than
anything I can say:
" I owe it to myself, I owe it to truth, I owe it to the sub-
ject, to state, that no earthly power could induce me to vote
for a specific measure for the introduction of slavery where
it liad nut before existed, either south or north of that line."
Now, sir, how do they propose to get around
this? Theysay it exists there, in this very Ter-
ritory, concerning which Mr. Clay was then
speaking. How does itexist there ? By the very
compromise which was introduced in 1850, which
leaves the people there free to pass a law, or to
repeal a law; and now that they have passed a
law, we are asked hero to come forward, and by
constitutional enactment, declare that that law
shall never be repealed. And what is it? *Why,
sir, the most barbarous enactment that ever was
passed upon the face of the earth; a law which
outrages all our ideas of humanity; a law which
enables a sheriff to catch up a negro anywhere,
put him in jail, and sell him into perpetual slavery
if- nobody claims him; a law which I say out-
rages the moral sense of humanity all over the
world, and we are asked to fix this status, as they
call it, of slavery. Why, sir, let my Republican
friends who are afraid, vote for it. I will not.
Mr. President, the excuses which have been
made, particulariy here in this Senate Chamber,'
and throughout the country, for the destruction
of the Government, I apprehend, are not the real
reasons which govern the actions of those who
are engaged in the destruction of the Govern-
ment. Governor Wise, perhaps less prudent
and more honest than many of his co-conspira-
tors, lias stated, in a letter which he wrote some
time since, one of the causes for the proposed
disruption of this Government. "Remember,"
said he, " remember, too, that we are not only on
the eve of the inauguration of a black power, but
also at the end of another decade this very day,
with another apportionment, undera new census,
which is to dwarf still more our relative repre-
sentative strength in the Union." Sir, the peo-
ple of the South, moving on under the ban of sla-
very, see the onward march of freedom on this
continent. They see free States rising up, one
after another. They see this great tide of free
population stretching out from their sea-port towns
to the westward, crossing the great plains of the
West, and colonizing, and making new Statesin
a very short space of time. This is the reason.
Sir, let me ask, do these gentlemen suppose
that, by a disruption of this Government, they
can stop this emigration ? Do they suppose that
by tearing down this great edifice, they can pre-
vent the onward march of freedom on this conti-
nent. I tell them that if they suppose any such
thing, they are acting under a delusion—a false,
a fatal delusion. A wise Government may accel-
erate this great movement; it may render it more
easy and harmonious; btit even the destruction of
the Government itself cannot stop it. it is gov-
erned in its progress by a law higher than the
Constitution; and ntv opposition which you can!
make will seriously affect its movements.
If those who are engaged in the destruction of
the Government suppose that their treason will
add to the power and dominion of slavery on this
continent, or if they are acting under the delusion
that a dissolution of the Union will permanently
repress the onward and triumphant march of free-
dom, I apprehend that the sequel will disclose to
them the important truth that they are warring
with an element too powerful and majestic to be
materially affected by any effort they can put
forth.
In this warfare you are encountering a power
more potent than fleets or armies, a power before
which the proudestconqueror is compelled to bow,
and against which no nation is powerful enough
to contend. You have declared a war against the
public sentiment of mankind; and in this warfare
you are bound to be vanquished.
Mr. President, I am well aware that the influ-
ence which surrounds this metropolis, which per-
vades this Chamber, and which clusters around
the Representatives of the people in the other end
of this Capitol, is strongly in favor of any sur-
render, no matter how humiliating; no matter how
degrading; no matter how violative of the princi-
ples of liberty and justice such surrender may be.
provided the moneyed interests of the commercial
and trading districts of the country can be upheld
and sustained. I know well that the tainted at-
mosphere which surrounds us lic-re is powerful
in weakening the nerves and limbering the backs
of the representatives of the people; but ho who
yields to this trading, moneyed influence of our
cities, will go home to the pure atmosphere of the
country to meet tho frowns of a betrayed and out-
raged constituency, who are too pure to be bought,
too shrewd to be betrayed, and too brave to bo
frightened into a degrading and base surrender
of their principles.
The young State which I have the honorin part
to represent here, will remain in this Union, and un-
der the Constitution as it is, performing every duty
which that Constitution imposes upon her, and
ready at all times to make all reasonable sacrifices
to preserve the peace and prosperity of the whole
country. But when her people are required to sur-
render their convictions, and to renounce their po-
litical opinions, they never will submit to any such
degrading humiliation; no, never. 1 have no right
to speak for anybody but myself, and the State I
represent. But as for her and for myself, no
matter what the consequences may be, we have
taken no step from which we intend to recede.
Standing upon the Constitution as it is, and the
laws as they are, the people of my State are not
willing that wrong shall be done to any State, or
any portion of the people, but they demand that
justice shall be done to all. Believing that they
are right, the people of the Northwest will adhere
to their convictions, faithfully performing .every
obligation they are under to every portion of the
Union. No one has a right to demand more than
this. No one has a right to ask us to give bonds
for our good behavior. We are ready to perform
every constitutional obligation; we are ready to
comply with every law and with every duty that
is imposed upon us; but we scorn the man, or the
party, or the power, that asks us to give security
and guarantees for our good conduct. We have
a right in this Government, and when we elect a
President of the United States, under the Consti-
tution and the laws, we claim, without any let,
without any hindrance, without guarantees, ex-
cept the Constitution of the country, that he shall
be President of the- United States. Elect your
man, and we bow down before him and yield all
that the Constitution gives. You have no right
to demand anything more than this of us.
I have taken no particular pains to inquire into
the justice of your complaints, in regard to the so-
called personal liberty bills; nor am I aware that
you have suffered any very great wrong from a re-
fusal on thepartof the northern people to comply
with the provisions of the law for the rendition of
fugitives from labor. But I will say this, if you
have any grievances against my State, or the peo-
ple in our part of the country, present them; and,
like brave men, as they are, and honorable men, as
they are, they will, without any purchase, with-
out'any price, perform their constitutional obli-
gations; but, sir, when you say to us that before
entering into our own household—the household
