1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ill
them read. There is a motion to lay them on the
table; and any member can demand that they
shall be read.
The SPEAKER. The resolutions will be read.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I did not understand tiie
remark made by the gentleman from Ohio just
now.
Mr. SHERMAN. I said that, before mem-
bers could be required to vote upon the motion
to lay the resolution on the table, it is their right
to have them read. It is not usually insisted on;
but these resolutions are so short, that I think
thore can be no objection to their being read.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I only desire that these
resolutions shall take the usual course; nothing
more, nothing less.
The resolutions were read, and arc as follows:
" J. That the people of Ohio, believing that the preser-
vation ot the unity of Government that constituted the
American people one people, is essential to the support of
their tranquillity at home, ot their peace abroad, of' thejr
safety, of their prosperity, and of that very libeny winch
they so highly prize, aie firmly and ardently attached to
the national Constitution and the Union of the States.
*•2. That the General Government cannot permit the
secession of any State without violating the obligations by
which it i> bound, undei the compact, to the other States
and to eveiy citizen ot the United States.
"3. That while the constitutional nghts of evety State
in the Union should bepreseived inviolate, the powers and
authority of the national Government must be maintained,
and the laws ot Congress faithfully enforced, in cve y State
ami Tenitory, until repealed by Congress or adjudged to
be unconstitutional by the proper judicial tribunal: and all
attempts by State authorities to nullity the.Constitulionof
the United States oi the lavvs> of the Fedeial Government,
or to lesKtthe. execution theieof, are revolutionaiy in their
character, and tend to the disruption of the best and wisest
system of government of die world.
*"4. Tlntt the people of Ohio are inflexibly opposed to in-
termeddling with the mfinalaftau sand domestic telations
of other Slates of the Union ; in the same mannei, and to
the same extent as they arc opposed to any interference by
the people of other States with then domestic concern*.
That it is the will and puipose of the people of Ohio
to fulfill, in pood faith, all their obligations under the Con-
stitution of the United States, according to the *piut and
intent fheieot; and they demand the laithtul dischaige of
the same duty by evety State in the Union : and tints, as rai-
ds may be, to in.Miic uanquillit) between the State ot Ohio
and the other States-
"6. That it is incumbent upon any States having enact-
ments on their statute-books conflicting with or rendeimg
iess efficient the Constitution or laws of the United States*,
to repeal them ; and it i-< equally incumbent upon the Gen-
eral Government and the several States to secure to evety
eitueu of the Union Ins rights in evety State under that
provision of the Constitution which guaiantces to the citi-
zens of each State all the piivileges and immunities of the
citizens in the seveial States, anil thus inspire and re*>toic
confidence and aspmt of fraternal feeling between the dif-
ferent States o( the Union.
"7. That the Union-loving citizens of those States who
have labored, and r-till label, with devotional courage and
patriotism, to withhold thuii States ttorn the vot fex ot seces-
sion, <ue entitled to the gratitude of the whole Ameiican
people.
''8. That we hail with joy the recent firm, dignified, and
patriotic menage of the President ot the United State«,
and that the entuc power and lesourceso! Ohio are heieby
pledged, whencvet necessaty and demanded for th« main-
tenance, under >ti ict subordination to the civil authority,
of the Constitution ami laws of the Geneia! Government,
by whomsoevei administered.
"9. That the Goveinoi be requested to forward, fo th-
witii, copies ot the foregoing resolution* to the President
of the nation, and to the Governors of all the States of the
Union, arid to each of the Senatois and Representatives m
Congies* ftom this State, to be by them presented to each
branch of the national Legislature."
Mr. COX. t wish to say but one word in re-
lation to these resolutions. They were not only
passed unanimously, both parties concurring, but
the Legislature has already begun the work of
conciliation. By the action of one of the Houses
—the lower House—the fatal stab has already
been given to the personal liberty bill,so called,
passed at the last session of the Legislature by the
Senate. And I am assured by one of the promi-
nent members of that body, that the work will go
on until every act of legislation of thatfetatc which
can be urged as obnoxious to gentlemen ot the
South shall be wiped out, and full provision made
for the execution of all the Federal laws of the
Union.
Mr. HINDMAN rose.
Mr. SHERMAN. This motion to lay on the
table is not debatable. I object to further debate.
Mr. HINDMAN. I only proposed to ask a
question; which I suppose I have the right to do.
There is one of these resolutions which, as I un-
derstood it from the reading of the Clerk, was in
relation to the citizens of all the States being en-
titled to the same privileges as the citizens of any
of the States. I ask the Clerk again to read that
resolution.
The Clerk read, as follows:
"That it is incumbent upon any States having enact-
ments on their statute-books conflicting with or rendering
less efficient the Constitution or laws of the United States,
to repeal them ; and it is equally incumbent upon the Gen-
eial Government and the several States to secure to every
citizen of the Union his rights in every Slate, under that
piovislon of the Constitution which guaranties to the citi-
zens of each State all the ptivilcges and immunities of the
citizois in the several States; and thus inspire and restore
confidence and a spirit of fraternal feeling between the dif-
ferent States of the Union."
Mr. HINDMAN. Now I wishtoaskthegentle-
man from Ohio if it is intended, by the latter clause
of thatresolution, to continue this work of concilia-
tion to the extent of allowing southern men with
their slave property to pass through the State of
Ohio, and temporarily sojourn there, without
being robbed of their property?
Mr. COX. It is certainly not my province to
answer that question. The language of the res-
olution to which the gentleman refers is almost
identical with that of a provision of the Constitu-
tion. I have merely called attention to these res-
olutions to show the sentiments which pervade
all parties in Ohio, giving assurance that full jus-
tice will be done.
Mr. BURNETT. I would like to know of the
gentleman from Ohio whether, in the measures
of pacification the Ohio Legislature is inaugurat-
ing, they have initiated any provision for punish-
ing the Governor of that State for refusing to
deliver up the men who stole our negroes?
Mr. COX. I think the laws they already have
upon that subject are sufficient.
REGISTER OF A VESSEL.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I ask the consent of the
House to take up and pass Senate joint resolution
(No. 57) authorizing the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to permit the owners of the steamboat John
C. Fremont to change the name of the same to
Horizon.
Mr. DAWES. 1 object.
PUBLIC PROPERTY IN TIIE SOUTH.
Mr. CLEMENS. I now call up the resolu-
tion of which I gave notice several days ago; and
I call the previous question upon it.
The resolution is as follows:
Rewired, That the Secretary of the Interior be requested
to communicate to this House copies of all deeds made by
the several southern States to the United States foi land to
be used for forts, arsenals, dock-yards, navy-yards, custom-
house, po?-t offices, hospitals, and other public buildings,
ftom the commencement of the Government to the 1st day
of Januaiv, 1PQI.
Mr. BURNETT, 1 objected to that resolution
when the gentleman sought to intioduceitseveial
days ago; and 1 objcct now.
Mr. "CLEMENS. I gave notice some three
days ago of this resolution. I suppose I am en-
titled to call it now.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman can intro-
duce it only by unanimous consent.
THE WATItOUS CASE.
Mr. JOHN H. REYNOLDS. I ask the unan-
imous consent of the House, to introduce the fol-
lowing resolution:
Resolved, That the consideration of the report of the
Committee on the Judiciary, m the ease of John C. Wat-
iou-, district indgc of tlu: United States for the eastern dis-
trict of Texas be the special oider of the day for the fust
Thuisdayin Febiuary next immediately after the expiration
of the morning houi, and that the same continue, Itomriay
to day. until it shall be disposed of.
Mr. aUARLES. I objcct.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the rules be
suspended; and that the House resolve itself into
tiie Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
BORDER STATES RESOLUTIONS,
Mr. BRIGGS. I ask the gentleman to give
way for me to present a memorial.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will not object to any
thing that will come in by unanimous consent.
Mr. BRIGGS. I hold in my hand a memorial
numerously signed by citizens of New York,
praying Congress to adopt the propositions em-
bodied in the resolutions proposed by the gentle-
man from Tennessee [Mr. Eth.lkidge] in this
House, which arc undeistood to be the same, in
principle, as those adopted by what is known as
the border State committee.
No objection being made, the memorial was
received, laid on the table, and ordered to be
printed.
TENNESSEE IMPROVEMENTS.
Mr. QJJARLKS. I ask consent to introduce
a bill of merely local interest, to which, I presume,
no objection will be made. It is a bill to declare
certain railroad bridges across the Cumberland
and Tennessee rivers post roads.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I must ob-
ject to that bill. It is one which may have the
effect of obstructing the navigation of these rivers,
and one in which my constituents have a deep
interest.
Mr. QUARLES. I only propose to refer it to
a committee.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I object.
Mr. QUARLES. Then I raise the question
of order that it is too late for the gentleman to
object. I have introduced the bill, and it has
received its first reading.
The SPEAKER. The first reading of a bill
is always for information, to enable the House to
understand what it is. The Chair, therefore,
thinks the objection of the gentleman came^in
time.
LOUISIANA LAND CLAIMS.
Mr. BLAIR, by unanimous consent, from the
Committee on Private Land Claims, reported
back a bill (H. R. No. 871) authorizing floats to
issue in satisfaction of claims against the United
States for lands sold by them within the Los Or-
migas and La Hana grants, in the State of Loui-
siana; which was referred to a Committee of the
Whole House, and, with the accompanying re-
port, ordered to be printed.
UTAII MAIL SERVICE.
Mr* HOOPER, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented memorials of the Legislative Assembly of
Utah Territory, for the establishment of a daily
mail service from Omaha, Nebraska Territory,
via Great Salt Lake City to Sacramento, Cali-
fornia, and semi-weekly mail service from Fill-
more to Los Angclos, California; which were
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads, and ordered to be printed.
ARMY BILL.
Mr. SHERMAN. I now ask for a vote upon
my motion to go into committee.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Washbuiwtk, of Illinois, in the chair,) and
resumed the consideration of the Army appro-
priation bill, upon which Mr. Garnett was
entitled to the floor.
Mr. GARNETT. Mr. Chairman, on the first
day of this session, the House ordered the ap-
pointment of a committee, to be composed of one
member from each State, to consumer the alarm-
ing condition of the country. Since then, it has
been contented to stand with folded arms and si-
lent lips, while the flames of civil discord daily
burnt more fiercely, though it has long since been
apparent that the committee can do nothing to
arrest them. And when the history of these times
comes to be written, I think the stolid indifference
of the American House of Representatives to the
dissolution of the American Union will be recorded ^ :
as one of their strangest phenomena. State after
State secedes; and yet, though the minute guns
successively announce that spar by spar, and tim-
ber by timber, the mighty ship gives way before
the storm, we still stand, like mere spectators on
the shore, in helpless bewilderment. I think it
time to address ourselves earnestly to the danger;
not with anger, or bitterness, or exaggeration, but
with a frank, truthful interchange of views, as-
cending above the horizon of paity,as men upon
whom Providence has cast the fearful responsibil-
ities belonging to those exceptional occasions in a
nation's life, which determine its destinies, and
affect the course of the world's history for gener-
ations yet unborn. It is in this spirit, sir, that I
enter the debate.
He who traces back the present troubles only
to the 6th day of November last, would be but a
shallow observer. Their causes are to be found,
not in the mere election of Lincoln and Hamlin,
but in the fact which that election disclosed: that
this once equal Union of sovereign Republics had
changed into the dominion of one section ovev
another section, into which it wasdivided by dif- ,
ferences of character, of institutions, and m some
sort of race, coinciding with a geographical line.
