412
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 16,
This revolution is not the less complete, because,
as in Rome under Augustus, the old forms and
names of the Constitution are preserved. Such
great historical changes are never sudden; nor is
this an exception.
. In years past, the anti-slavery party had, after
many vicissitudes of fortune, broken down the
great historic party of the Whigs, and the even
stronger, though more ephemeral, organization of
the Know Nothings; but now it has burst through
the last line of our defenses, and, routing the Dem-
ocratic forces, it has seized the scepter of Ameri-
can empire—the object of its long ambition, of its
patient toil. Under the name of Republicans, it
lias obtained every electoral vote, except three, in
the eighteen non-slaveholding States, against and
over the unanimous voice of the fifteen slavehold-
ing States. Nor is its majority in electoral votes
only. Its popular vote is one million eight hun-
dred and thirty-one thousand one hundred and
sixty-eight, against one million five hundred and
seventy-four thousand and ninety-one. It has a
plurality of the popular vote in Oregon and Cali-
fornia-, and an absolute majority in every north-
ern State this side of the Rocky Mountains except
gallant New Jersey, where alone it was beaten.
Nor is this strength a thing of yesterday—a sum-
mer cloud which we may hope will pass away as
rapidly as it gathered. Since the anti-slavery can-
didate, Birney, received seven thousand and fifty-
nine votes in 1840, each presidential election has
shown a steady growth in the party vote, except
in 1852, when it met an accidental and temporary
check. The intermediate State elections show the
same progression.
This party, then, now calling itself Republican,
has steadily advanced for many years,untilithas
gained possession of all the northern States, in
every department of their State governments, with
very few exceptions. It controls this House of
Representatives; and after the 4th of March there
will be thirty avowed Republican Senators, he-
sides two from Kansas, if admitted—withm two
or live, as the case may be, of a majority of (he
Senate, were all the southern States still in the
Union. Nor can there be a doubt that nothing
but the accidental length of the terms of the remain-
ing six Democratic Senators from the North pre-
vents our then seeing every northern State repre-
sented by Republicans. It cannot be long before
the entire legislative as well as the executive de-
partment of the Federal Government is in pos-
session of this party, unless some mighty changc
, occurs in northern sentiment. Nor can we expect
such a change from ordinary causes; for schools,
pulpits, and books,have trained the northern mind
to a strong and fixed hostility to African slavery;
and this is precisely the feeling on which the Re-
publican partes founded. Anti-slavery: this is
its centrnl idea, its vital principle, without which
it never could have come into l>om , and without
which it would now dissolve. Here is its tower I
of Ktrmgth, and it has Iloiuifdied just in propor-
tion as it lias been true to this Hag. Around it
may be grouped camp foffowei'-snnd meieenanes,
always attendant on victory; the various factions,
each with Us individual purpose, which it hopes
to promote under the shadow of its great leader.
But the heart of the party, its active, progressive
•element, which interpenetrates all others, and
molds and controls them to its purpose; which
gives it vigor in the fight, and rallies popular en-
thusiasm to its cause,i.s the anti-slavery sentiment.
As Mr. Seward said:
u The M'erot ofits --wce^ lien in the fact that it is a party
ot one idea; but that idea ^ a noble one, an idea that fills
and expands, all generous soul*.—the idea of equality, the j
equality of all men lj>;lore human tribunals and human
laws, tbey nil are equal before the Divine tribunal and
Divine laws."
Yes, sir, the Republican party is made up from
the disbanded cohorts of the former "Whig and
American parties, and deserters from the Demo-
cratic, brought together by this one common feel-
ing. AsMr. Lincolnhimselfsaid,"the Republican
party is mode up of those who, us far as they can,
peaceably oppose the extension of slavery, and
who will hope for its ultimate extinction." " It
is made/' he says, " of strange, discordant, and .
even hostile elements," all fused and disciplined
into one strong body by enmity to slavery. More
emphatically still, Mr. Lincoln says:
"The seal issu" in tln> oontioverly—the one prosing
upon <~\eiy mind—i- J he -enMnientoii the part of one cia?s |
that iook  upon tin institution ot slavery as a wrong y and of i
another class that does not look upon it as a wrong. The
sentiment that contemplates the institution of slavery in
this country as a wrong, is the sentiment of the Republican
party. It Is the sentiment ajound which all their actions,
all their arguments, circle ; fioin which all their proposi-
tions radiate. They look upon it as being a moial, social,
and political wrong " * * >• * '• They in-
sist that it should, as far as may be, be treated as a wrong;
and one of the methods of treating it as a wrong, is to make
provision that it shall grow no larger. They also desire a
policy that looks to a pcacelul end of slavery at ioiue time,
as being wrong."
The official platforms of the party confirm these
declarations of its leader. It was first organized
because no existing party made anti-slavery opin-
ions a test in its nominations. The Abolition or
Liberty party of 1840-44 was succeeded by the
so-called "Free Democratic party," or Buffalo
men of 1848-52. Meantime the Whig party had
been dissolved by dissension between its north-
ern and southern wings on this same question of
slavery; and a like fate befell its successor—the
American party. Its northern elements, uniting
with this " Free Democracy" on the anti-slavery
idea, cast over one million three hundred thousand
votes, as Republicans, in 3856; and have now
elected their President. Like every great party,
it contains men of various shades of opinion,
more or less extreme; but, as in all such cases,
the extreme men, those who carry the leading idea
of the party to its logical consequences, and are
truest to it, must ultimately govern and control
the others. Even the most moderate arc determ-
ined to prevent the extension of slavery into any
Federal territory,because they considerit a moral,
social, and political wrong and evil, which they
are bound, to the extent of their power, to limit
and discourage. As Mr. Lincoln says, any man
£< who does not think the institution of slavery
wrong;" who docs not " desire a policy that looks
to a peaceful end of slavery at some time, as be-
ing wrong;" who does not " insist that it shall be
treated as a wrong," is "misplaced, and ought
not to be with the Republicans."
Now, sir, it will be admitted that it is impos-
sible for the people of any southern State to
adopt these opinions without at the same time
making up their minds to the emancipation, more
or less speedy, of their slaves. In other words, it
is impossible for any southern people to join the
Republican party without commencing a total
revolution in their internal State polity and social
organization. Therefore it is, sir, that we justly
charge the Republicans with sectionalism. That
surely is a sectional paity, which the people in
fifteen^ States of the'Union cannot join without
committing themselves to a radical change in then-
State constitutions, and a complete overthrow of
the entire structure of their society. So long as
there are slaveholding States which mean to con-
tinue slaveholding States, so long must the dom-
ination of this party be the domination of the
non-slaveholdmg over the slaveholding section.
The former will enjoy all the offices and honors
of the Confederacy, except such inferior places
as may be bestowed on time-servers or traitors
m the South. The sectional majority will wield
the entire power of the Union, direct its foreign
alliances, levy its taxes, hold the keys of the
Treasury, and the gates of war and peace—the
purse and the sword—command its armies and
navies, govern its Territories, and control its des-
tinies. The minority section will pay its taxes,
but direct neither their kind, their amount, nor
their uppiopriation. It will help to fight your
battles, and to extend the boundaries of your
confederacy; but yours will be the sole gain,
for the new territory will be appropriated by the
majority section for its emigration and settlement,
and the new States whose stars appear in the con-
stellation of the Union will do homage to the
institutions of that section, and be so many
pillars of its political supremacy. Meantime, the
minority section will be in a minority more and
more hopeless. Southern civilisation will be walled
in and isolated beyond hope of escape, and the
enormous pressure of this huge Federal machine,
its patronage and power and moral influence,
brought down on southern society to bring about
the extinction of slavery.
I think I do not color the picture too highly. I
will suppose that the so-called moderate wing of
the Republican party prevails in its councils'. I
will suppose that no direct attack is made on the
sale of slaves between the States, or on slavery jl
m the States, or even in the foits, navy-yards, or i;
District of Columbia. I will admit, for the argu-
ment's sake, that the Republican party is content
to confine slavery within its present limits, and
prevent its extension into any new territory. It
necessarily follows that there can never be a new
slave State. Our present territory, over one mil-
lion two hundred thousand square miles, is large
enough for twenty States; and we must expect,
moreover, large acquisitions from Mexico. The
chief present restraint on the lust of acquisition
is sectional jealousy, and this would not be felt
when one section is all-powerful v Its ambition
would scarcely be checked by the cost, whether
in blood or treasure, of wars and treaties whose
fruits were to be exclusively its own; forit would
levy the greater part of the expense from the sub-
ject and minority section. Mr. Seward, in the
recent canvass, repeatedly foreshadowed this pol-
icy of acquisition for the exclusive occupation of
northern society. The time is not far distant
when you would have three fourths of the States,
and could amend the Constitution at pleasure.
But the moderate Republicans tell us that they
interfere with slavery only where they have the
power, because conscience commands the abate-
ment of this wrong wherever the power exists.
How then, when future extensions invest you
with a power over the institution in the States
themselves? That same conscience will not allow
you to rest until you have taken measures for its
ultimate extinction. You are eager for the day
when you shall have filled up the western terri-
tory with free States, and you may number the
requisite three fourths. When, in 1820, you in-
terdicted slavery in all the territory north of 36°
30', you simultaneously reduced the price of the
public lands from two dollars to a dollar and a
quarter, in order to stimulate emigration and hasten
the formation of new States. .Now, when you
think you have finally securcd all the Territories,
present and future, you incorporate into your
platform, as a principal measure of your party,
the homestead bill. You invite all the nations of
Europe to take possession of the Federal lands
without cost; and by this donation you encour-
age and increase to the utmost foreign immigra-
tion, already numbering annually more than
enough for a now State every year.
Meanwhile, the Republican party is necessarily
confined to the non-slaveholding section; since,
as I have remarked, no slaveholding community
can join it without ultimately sunendering its in-
stitutions. Cut how long can any people maintain
a struggle which it feels daily more hopeless?
How long keep up its spirit under the degrading in-
fluence of subjection to a Government from whose
power and honors it is perpetually excluded ? The
strength of the defense, the spirit of resistance,
would gradually weaken. Ambitious and active
tempers—some, allured by the power or distinc-
tions others by the mere emoluments of office—
would first profess a policy of acquiescence, and
then an adoption of those Republican principles
which open the door to preferment. Anti-slavery
doctrines and emancipation parties would appear in
the slave States, and the dominant and sectional
party in the Federal Government would, ofneces-
sity, aid and strengthen them by its patronage and
influence. Meantime the dominant section, selfish
as all unchecked power must be, would, by pro-
tective tariffs and sectional expenditures, encour-
age its own labor, and render the labor of the
slaves comparatively worthless. Thus the insti-
tution of slavery in the minority section would be
" localized and discouraged," to use the Repub-
lican phrase. Undermined and weakened, and
its defenders dispirited or divided, it would prob-
ably give way, even before the increase in the
number of the free States placed its constitutional
defenses at their mercy.
Thus far I have traced the results of Repub-
lican rule, on the assumption that it is exercised
by the most moderate members of the party. But
such an assumption is contradicted by all history.
The law of life in every party is fidelity to the
idea which gave it existence. If the leaders falter,
aspirants for place thrust them aside with profes-
sions of more extreme opinions. The responsi-
bility of power, it is true, mode rates its possessors;
but in a popular Government, based on universal
suffrage, such moderation is short-lived. The
real power is in the popular masses, who feel
none of its responsibilities. At the North the old
Federalist leaven is widely diffused, and is espe-
