1372
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
tion? What will South Carolina gain by a disso-
lution ? "What will any State gain by a dissolution
of the Union ? Do they wish to have Canada right
down upon their borders ? Do they notlmow that
their property is locomotive ? Ah! but 1 have had
them say to me, " unless you make treaties of alli-
ance, of friendship, and agree to restore our ne-
groes, we will make forays upon your border and
compel you to submit."
Mr. President, there is one thing worse than
civil war; there is one thing that I dread infinitely
more than civil war. It is a mistake that the fight-
ing of brave men makes eternal enemies. Never
was there a greater mistake made on the face of
the earth. Brave men may meet and fight like
brave men, and separate as friends; but, as I said,
there is one thing that is worse than civil war,
and that is anarchy. Do you not know that the
first foray attempted, either from one side of the
border or the other, lights up the flames of civil
war from the Atlantic to the extreme verge of the
State of Missouri? Do you not know that you
will have civil war from one end of youv border
to the other, unless you meet and fight like brave
men, or else separate forever, without any guar-
antees'
Sir, 1 dread a civil war from the very bottom
of my soul; but I do not dread it one tithe as
much as I do the state of anarchy that would
light up the flames of civil war from the Atlantic
almost to the Pacific. 1 know the people of the
Northwest; I know the people of the South. I
have lived among them. I honor the old State
of Kentucky. My friend, the senior Senator from
Kentucky—I know he will permit me to call him
so—is dear to the people of the State which I
have the honor, in part, to represent. The bones
of Kentuckians are strewn all along, from the
Ohio river to the Thames in Canada, above De-
troit. The people of Kentucky came to our res-
cue, in time of peril, and I love them as I love my
brother. God forbid that we should ever have
war with the State of Kentucky; but if we do
have war, God grant that it may he an open war,
and no border forays. I know the people of the
State of Kentucky are a brave and loyal people.
1 know thoy would fight like brave men. 1 know
they would meet their brethren as brave men meet
before the battle, and 1 know that after the battle
thoy would clasp hands, as only brave men can.
But, sir, the bordnr forays, which would lesult
from your black chattels crossing our borders,
would load to a scene of exasperation, such as
this wurhi has never seen. I know that such a
border warfare as that would preclude the possi-
bility of any arrangement ever being made. I
know that oniy sneaking cowards and traitors are
capable of assassination. 1 know that brave men
never were guilty of assassination; bat all along
the border you would have assassinations, here
and there, and you would have a civil war, as 1
said before, such as the world has never seen;
and what would bo the result to the border slave
States > It would not be two years after you had
peaceably dissolved the Union, before you would
not have a slave in a single border State. In the
northern half of the border States, they would at
once rush north to obtain their freedom, and in
the southern half of every border State the slave-
owner would rush to reali'/.e their value in dollars.
Sir, the border States understand this as well as
you or I do; and do you suppose they arc about
to rush to then- own destruction ? A great deal
may be done by pride, and a great deal may be
done by passion: but such a suicidal act as that
was never committed by any people since the
earth was foimcd.
Mr. President, I have occupied more of the
time of the Senate than I had proposed; and, in
conclusion, 1 would earnestly say that, for the
Union-loving men of this nation, for the true pa-
triots of the land, there is no reasonable conces-
sion that I would not most cheerfully make; but
for those men who profess to be Union men, and
who are Union men with an " if;" who will take
all the concessions that we may give them—all
that they demand—and then turn about and say,
" Your Union is dissolved," I have no respect;
and for them I will do nothing. For the men who
love this Union, who are prepared to march to
the support of the Union, who will stand up in
defense of the old flag under which our fathers
fought and gloriously triumphed,I havenot only
the most profound respect, but to their demands
I can scarcely conceive any thing that I would
not yield. But, sir, when traitorous States come
here and say, unless you yield this or that estab-
lished principle of right, we will dissolve the
Union, I would answer, in brief words: no con-
Cession, no compromise—ay, give us strife,even
to blood—before a yielding to the demands of
traitorous insolence.
Mr. WIGFALL. Mr. President, it was said
by a Scotchman, boasting of his parson, that "he
was a most po'orful preacher, for he had pounded
three pulpits to pieces and danged the life out of
live bibles." [Laughter.] Of course, I do not
mean it for anybody. It is most extrordinary that
Senators will use offensive language here, and say
they do not int.end to be personal, and denounce
Senators on this side for indulging in offensive
remarks, and then apply wholesale epithets of
robbers and thieves to the entire Democratic
party, and especially to those Senators and their
constituents who believe in the abstract right of
secession, and who also believe that an occasion
has arisen in which it is necessary to carry that
right into operation.
I have observed, sir, during a not very long
life, that those Who are most in the habit of taking
their tongues of the civil list, have another habit;
and that is, of keeping their weapons upon the
peace establishment. Now, when I say to a man
that he is a scoundrel, I mean what I say, and I will
hold myself personally responsible. One of the
complaints that we have against the North—I
make'it, of course, notagainst all Senators or all
members of the House of Representatives—but,
unfortunately some how or other, they will not
send here at all times representatives who are
either gentlemen or Christians, [laughter,] who
will exercise thatcliarityand good breeding which
belongs to the Christian; or if they indulge their
bad tempers, will hold themselves responsible.
It renders our intercourse unpleasant.
Now, a gentleman from Virginia, Governor
Floyd, hasbeen denounced here to-night as a thief.
I do not know how much the Governor stole, but
I know that lie lias friends in this city who will
go security to the full amount which he is charged
with stealing; andthatif alettershallbe addressed
to him in these words: " Sir, I pronounce you to
be a scoundrel, and acknowledge myself a gentle-
man," and it is signed " Za.cha.riah C handler, "
Governor Floyd, or his friends, will pay in cash
the amount that be is charged with stealing. I
predict that no such letter will ever be sent.
What has all this to do with the question before
the country? The Union is dissolved. Seven
States have dissolved their connection with the
balance. Texas went out to day. What do you
propose doing ? Do you suppose you will settle
this question by calling Mr. Thompson, Mr.
Cobb, and Governor Floyd thieves ? Do you sup-
pose that anybody will believe vague charges of
this sort ? If these Cabinet officers have committed
theft, why were they not impeachcd or indicted ?
If you choose not to resort to the legal remedies
which you have, why not, when you use language
that is personally offensive, hold yourselves per-
sonally responsible ? These are questions tlmt are
easily asked,and very difficult to answer. I am
myself getting a little impatient at this thing. Be-
cause I believe in the right of secession, and he-
cause I think an emergency has arisen which
justifies it, I do not choose to be classed among
thieves and robbers, cut-throats and pirates. I
do not choose to hear the people among whom I
live, and whom I in part represent, denounced
here as cut-throats and outlaws.
The Senator says that, in certain contingencies,
he will turn Camanche. God forbid ! I hope not.
They have already suffered much from their con-
tact with the whites. [Laughter.]
Upon what is this senseless charge of robbery
predicated ?
Mr. CHANDLER. I will answer the Senator:
upon an indictment found in the courts of the Dis-
trict of Columbia against Secretary Floyd, if that
is a satisfactory answer—an indictment found in
the courts. That is what it is based upon.
Mr. WIGFALL. Has any indictment been
found against Mr. Cobb and Mr. Thompson?
Mr. CHANDLER. There ought to be, I think,
against Mr. Cobb.
Mr. WIGFALL. An indictment has been
found affainst Mr. Floyd, and I predict that he
will be here to answer it.
Mr. CHANDLER. I hope so.
Mr. WIGFALL. I know so; and I predict
further, that he will come unscathed from that
investigation. I have made another prediction,
which I will not repeat, as to the future relations
between that Senator and the ex-Governor and
ex-Secretary.
But the Senator did not apprehend me. Why,
I ask, are these terms of thieves and robbers and
cut-throats applied to people in the States that
have seceded? Because they have taken posses-
sion of the military posts. Why should they not
have done it? Has reason fled to brutish beasts?
Have those men eaten the insane root? Were
they to sit quietly down until the Lieutenant
General and his pliant tool, the Secretary of War,
should have filled those forts with Federal troops,
and then declared their determination to establish
a government, when their ports were in a condi-
tion to be blockaded and their towns to be shelled?
Is this the way that freemen and men of sense
act? Was this the way that the colonists acted
when they intended to achieve their independence
in 1776? If colonists could, without blemishing
their characters, lay their hands upon the mili-
tary stores of their sovereign, I ask why it is that
the people of sovereign States cannot do the same
as to munitions of war which belong to them in
common with the people of the other States, and
for the purchase of which they have paid their
money without stint? All this sort of twaddle
does no good.
Now, the great Northwest has been talked of.
I have as much respect for the Northwest—for
the respectable portion of it—[laughter]—as any-
body. There was a respectable portion of it
once, and I think there is a fragment of it yet,
law-abiding, Constitution-loving, Union-saving
element there.
Mr. RICE. A big fragment.
Mr. WIGFALL. A very big one, I hope; not
quite big enough, however, to do much good in
tne last election. No one appreciates the patriot-
ism, the integrity, the virtue, the good sound sense
of that portion of the great Northwest more than
I do; hut I have observed in all the debates which
have taken place here, that those men from the
Northwest who have heretofore,when the country
called for soldiers, responded to that call and gone
to the field, have not blustered about desolating
the banks of the Mississippi.
Speeches are made here for the purpose of in-
flaming the Northwest. It has been said here, it
has been officially announced in Louisiana, it lias
been officially announced at Montgomery, that
the seceding States have no idea of blocking lip
the mouth of the Mississippi. They are not fools,
if they are thieves. Nobody accuses them of
that. There was an immense amount of brains
taken out of this Government when those first six
States left, and withdrew their twelve Senators.
There was an immense amount of statesmanship
went out of this Chamber when those twelve Sen-
ators left. They know, I know, every Senator
knows wins is not devoid of all power of reason-
ing, that first, by the law of nations, the North-
west is entitled to afree ingress and egress in and
outof themouth of the Mississippi. I know, and
they know, and all who reflect, or whose opinions
are worth considering, know that, by the treaty
of 1803, the Northwest is entitled to the mouth
of the Mississippi. That treaty secured for the.
number of States then in the Union, the right of
the free navigation of the Mississippi; and that
right has inured to every State that has since been
admitted into the Union. Treaties between this
country and foreign nations are not treaties be-
tween the Government at Washington and a for-
eign Power, but the treaty is one between the for-
eign Power and the States; the States are parties
to the compact on the one side, and the foreign
Power on the other. By the treaty of 1803, every
State in the Union had secured to it the right of
ingress and egress and free navigation. Further
than that, we all know'that, by fifty-seven years
of use, the Northwest has acquired a lease of
which they could not be deprived. These facts
are known. It is known that no one intends to
interfere with the mouth of the river, or attempt
to block it up; and that being the case 
Mr. RICE. Will my friend allow me a mo-
ment?
Mr. WIGFALL. Certainly.
Mr. RICE. Mr. President, I have heard u
