1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
cially strong in the Republican ranks. Accus-
tomed to construe the Constitution most liberally
for power, they will perpetually press their Rep-
resentatives to use it against what they deem the
monstrous evil of slavery. They claim powgr
to abolish it in the forts and the navy-yards, and
to prohibit the sale of slaves between the States,
or their transportation on the high seas; and ex-
cited by victory, and goaded on by a fanatical
pulpit, this power will surely be used—used when
the southern people, discouraged by subjection
and diyided by patronage, are too weak to resist.
The inevitable end is the emancipation of the
African race at the South. When will this hap-
pen? Thirty years hence, when the slaves num-
ber eight million; or sixty years, when they are
sixteen million; or ninety years, when their thir-
ty-two million outnumber the present total pop-
ulation of all the States ? Be it when it may, (and
the longer it is delayed the more numerous the
slaves, the worse will be the consequences when
it occurs,) the destruction of southern wealth and
industry will be almost complete; for the exper-
iment in the British West Indies has proved
beyond controversy—what indeed well-informed
persons knew before—that the African will not
work without compulsion. You may substitute
the slavery of the law—bondage to the commu-
nity, a system of labor enforced and regulated by
legal enactment—for slavery to individual mas-
ters; but you will get not half work; and in de-
stroying the personal and hereditary tie between
master and slave, you have destroyed not only that
which makes the industry profitable, but still
more, you have broken up the essential condition
on which all that is humane or good in the relation
depends. I will not dilate on the incalculable loss to
the North or to the world involved in the ruin of the
cotton culture and southern commerce and indus-
try. My interests are nearer homo, where I see a
country oncc animated by peaceful industry, once
blessed with happy homes, once advancing under
the control of the white race, men proud of their
position as peers of any under God's heaven,—I
see this country, its industry extinguished, its
homes deserted by the rich, its fields overgrown
by the thicket, and abandoned to the improvident
laziness of the emancipated African, while the
poorer class are left to reconcile themselves as
best they may to social and political equality,
and ultimate amalgamation with the free blacks.
In one word, I see the southern States, I sec
Virginia and her southern sisters and daughters,
reduced to the condition of Jamaica and Hayti,
and blotted from the roll of nations.
I ask you, sir—I ask any fair man, whether
from North or South—can we, ought we to ac-
quiesce in this result? or shall we try to avert
it while there is yet time? Yet this ruin is the
legitimate, the inexorable consequence of acqui-
escence in Republican rule, as 1 have shown.
How can we avert the danger ? Shall we trust
to a change in the northern nund? But on what
grounds shall we hope for such a change? A
change means, really, not the mere overthrow of
the Republican party, but in that anti-slavery
sentiment which created it, and which would then
create another in its stead, a  Mr. Seward truly
said.
Truth is mighty, and will prevail; but the truth
is proverbially a slow traveler, and before you
can hope to work such a change at the North by
ordinary causes, the evil will have been done, and
our ruin accomplished. Past history shows that
the present working of our political machinery has
been favorable to the growth of this anti-slavery
power. Twenty-five years ago it was not toler-
ated at the North itself; its public meetings were
broken up by mobs; its printing offices burned
down; and northern Governors recommended its
repression by legal enactment. How changed
the scene now, when it controls nearly every de-
partment of Government, State and Federal; and
when conspiracies are formed for the armed inva-
sion of sister States, and neither laws proposed
nor indictments found to punish the conspirators !
Here is a change indeed, but a change against,
not for us—the only change, I fear, we can hope.
I ask no better proof of the firm hold this anti-
slavery feeling has on the northern heart, than the
recent disruption of the Democratic party, which
was clearly due to the general aversion to slavery,
and the determination that it shall not be extended
to any new territory, How could it be other-
wise ? Or how can we hope to obtain even a hear-
ing there? A few in the cities may listen to us;
but the rural millions, how can we reach them?
The schools, the pulpits, and the press, all their
literature and all their teachers, daily impress on
their minds the impolicy and sinfulness of slavery.
Some urge active measures to remedy this wrong;
others would separate the practice from the prin-
ciple—a caution not easily taught to a conscien-
tious and active people of the Puritan stock.
These sons of the Mayflower will never rest easy
under a conviction of their neighbor's sins, with-
outaggressive efforts forhiscompulsory sal vation.
Mr. Calhoun, as long ago as 1833, predicted
that this anti-slavery feeling would dissolve all
parties formed on other issues. And were it pos-
sible to restore the old Whig and Democratic
parties, the history of the last twenty years would
be repeated more quickly. This consequence ne-
cessarily results from the organization of political
society at the North. In populous communities,
where all are of the same race, and universal
suffrage and apportionment of representation on
mere numbers prevail, the Democracy necessarily
becomes a government, or rather, a despotism of
the numerical majority. There are many who have
to labor too severely for their daily subsistence
to devote much attention to political affairs, or to
acquire that training which is necessary to free-
men for an intelligent judgment of the issues of
the day. Many votes are controlled in great part
bypationage and money, dnectly or indirectly
used. Where parties are nicely balanced, that
will be successful which commands the largest
influences of this corrupting kind. Hence party
contests are chiefly for the spoils; and there is a
constant tendency to increase the number of of-
fices, the amount of expenditures, and contracts,
and jobs—in one word, to swell the spoils. In
this state of things, when a party appears like
the oiiginal anti-slavery party, animated by fa-
natical zeal for a single idea, each of the great
divisions of the spoils parties of necessity begins
to bid for its vote, and, instead of resisting, to
yield to its errois. Thus its principles are grad-
ually diffused through the masses, until at last,
adopted openly by one or another of the regular
parties, they conduct it to victory, and gain for it
the covetcd spoils. Meantime, the educated and
conservative classes, with a few honorable excep-
tions, give way to an unfortunate, but natural
disgust for political contests conducted by such
low arts, and determined by such unworthy
means. They, the natural leaders of society,
withdraw themselves from public affairs. They
grumble at, but pay, the enormous taxes which
support extravagant municipal and State expend-
itures. They forget politics, except on rare oc-
casions, and are contented to accumulate wealth,
to exhaust invention in new modes of luxury, or
to indulge as dilettanti in art or literature. The
vulgar concerns of Government are lefty for the
most part, to political intriguers, and corrupt cau-
cuses, who control the rowdies and the ignorant.
How strikingly does every day's experience
verify this reasoning! How different from the
men of old is the race of men who now appear in
our public councils! How inordinately have our
expenditures increased! How little regard is
shown, or even professed, for the letter of the
Constitution! In fact, how few even know what
it is! How corrupt is our Government in nearly
all its branches; and how little northern constitu-
encies seem to care for it! Congress is reduced to
the open shame of accusing and expelling its own
members for corruption, to be reelected, however,
soon after. Scarcely a claim is allowed, or an
appropriation made, without the taint of suspicion;
and the army militant of contract-jobbers and
office-scekers, in national conventions, make the
Presidency itself almost as much a subject of traffic
as was the Roman empire in the days of Didius
Julianus.
A few years since, in Wisconsin, Legislature,
Governor, and judges, stood convicted of corrup-
tion so universal, that there was none left to pun-
ish it. The New York press, of all parties, is
unanimous about one thing only—the superlative
corruption of their municipal government, and of
their Legislature. But this unanimous sentiment
does not avail to change cither, for they are the
governments of mere numbers, working by uni-
versal suffrage in a community where, according
to the official report of the Secretary of State, in
1858, of the whole population one in every sixty-
four was the inmate of an almshouse, and one in
every thirteen and a half in a condition to require"
relief from Government officials. It must have
been to such governments that Mr. Seward re^
ferred when he said, in his recent Astor House,
speech, that not a State could maintain its organ-
ization without the conservative influence of the
Federal Government.
It is vain, therefore, to expect safety from a
change of parties at the North.
Still less is the remedy for our present troubles
to be found in any mere legislation by Congress,
or even in a repeal of the obnoxious personal lib-
erty statutes of the northern States,excepj.it were
evidence of a change of opinion as to slavery. The
present fugitive slave law is stringent enough, were
the hearts of the people inclined to obey it. How
far they are the contrary, the obnoxious personal
liberty bills, the forcible rescue of captured fugi-
tives, the personal peril of masters who claim
their property, and the continual retreat of slave-
population from the border line, where it is ex-
posed to increasing hazards, all witness. Nor can
we hope for the peaceful and regular return of our
fugitives, or the suppression of organized con-
spiracies to aid and stimulate their escape, so long
as the northern heart and conscience are so deeply
impressed with the anti-slavery idea.
But, sir, I go further, and assert that it is not
for the interest of either party or section to leave
this question open. The continual struggle can-
not longer be endured. It swallows up all others;
makes wise legislation on other subjects impos-
sible; paralyzes every department of the Govern-
ment; and breeds hatred, overpowering in intens-
ity, between the sections. For the interest o£
both, it ought now to be finally settled. And for
the South especially, it is neither safe nor honor-
able to depend for security on the mercy of the
North, or the vicissitudes of party warfare. The'
fifteen southern States cannot safely or honorably
hold their four million African slaves, their social
and political institutions, by the forbearance of
the eighteen northern. I think, therefore, that
the people of the South have judged wisely, when
they accept the recent election as proof that the-
time, long foreseen, has at last arrived, when, the
machinery of party.having become impotent for
their protection* they must look elsewhere for
safety. And m pronouncing this judgment, I
would say to our conservative friends at the
North, whether of the Democratic or Bell party,
: that wc fully appreciate their gallant services in ^
defense of our rights under the Constitution. We '
admire their constancy under defeat, and their
moral courage m boldly fighting against increas-
ing odds; and we shall regret thatour safety does
not permit us to await the chances of other and
future battles in conjunction with such noble allies.
But we plainly see—and we are sure their own
candor will admit—that the game would be too
hazaidous for such momentous stakes. Evenan
occasional party success would but delay for a
short time the inevitable crisis now upon us; and
it would then be likely to find us weakened, di-
vided, and less able to meet it. On the contrary,
we beg them to see that it is the part of prudence
to be timely bold, and now, once and forever, to
remove these vexed and dangerous interests from
the slippery arena of party strife.
The public mind, agreeing with these views,
is evidently disposed to seek a remedy in amend-
ments to the Constitution, which would place the
whole subject outside of Federal control. There
are two kinds of amendment possible—the one,
consisting of declarations that Congress shall or
shall not exercise certain powers; the other,mak-
ing a new distribution of power between the
sections.
I do not look very hopefully on the former.
For the most part, promises without the power
to enforce their performance, are not worth much.
And if such amendments succeed in closing the
controversy on the issues now prominent, yet who
can foresee the various forms in which the anti-
slavery feeling will make its future attacks? How
can amendments of this character secure the South
effectually against the malign influences of the
I patronage of the anti-slavery party? How can
1 they obtain for her a fair share in the honors, the-
influence, and the expansion of our empire? Yet
I do not commit myself against a present settle-
ment on this basis. It is the part of practical
