414
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 16,
statesmanship to meet questions as they arise; and
though the settlement might be only a truce, yet
if good asfai as it goes, and if the end of the truce
on such a basis would probably find the relative
strength of the parties unchanged,if its terms did
not demoralize the spirit of my own section, I
Svould be disposed to accept it. At the same time,
1 believe a more radical and therefore more per-
manent adjustment would be better for both sec-
tions, the North as well as the South.
The present Constitution, as our fathers made
it, was all sufficient while it protected kindred
and friendly States, and would be so still, were
nil disposed to fulfill its obligations with a good
faith inspired by mutual good will and respect-
There is danger that new declaratory clauses or
promises would be regarded no more than the
old. What the minority section needs is power—
power to secure its rights ngainsta majority sec-
tion, differing in opinions and institutions, and
animated by fixed hostility to those of the minor-
ity. The danger to the minority is not only in
hostile legislation, but in a hostile use of Fedeial
patronage and influence; and in the abscnce of
such positive protection as us interests may re-
quire, whether in our foreign relations, in expan-
sion by territorial acquisition, or in forming new
Status by colonization in such acquisition. To
secure all this, the South must have an absolute
veto in every department of the Government.
The Union was once a Union of equal States. It
has now become, by the force of events, a Union
of sections. It is to be determined whether this
shall be a Union of superior and inferior sections,
or of equal sections. Any permanent radical set-
tlement of the present difficulties must recognize
the fact, now manifest to all the world, whether
*Cvc choose to recognize it or not, that this Union
is composed of two widely-differing' sections; and
to secure to each its rights and its fair share of
the benefits of the Union, every act of the Gov-
ernment must depend on the consent of both. For
a self-protecting power in eveiy gieat interest of
the community is the fundamental principle of
every free Government that has ever endured.
Neither the North nor the South can require the
other to abandon its opposite opinions on the
subject of slavery. Let each enjoy its own senti-
ments. Let the North condemn and the South
approve African slavery. But let both remember
that the only safe Union between powerful States,
where such opposite opinions exist, is an absolute
equality. And in conceding such a change, what
$ would the North concede? Nothing—literally
nothing, but the right to govern us. It would not
even involve that gua,si-recognition of slavery,
which the Republicans make a chief objection to
various moderate propositions, Mr. Crittenden's
and others. Surely in the nineteenth century, and
hero among this chosen people, " foremost in the
files of time"- in vindicating for every nation the
right of self-government, there can be no great
sacrifice in a settlement which secures that inesti-
mable puvilege to either section of the Confeder-
acy.
But, sir>how can we obtain these, or any amend-
ments, to the Constitution, m time to avert the
present danger? Two thirds of Congress may
propose amendments, or a convention of the States
may propose them; but this convention can only
be called on the invitation of the several States.
In either case, the amendments must be ratified
by three fourths of the States. The process is
veiy slow under the best cucumstances; how
much slower with conccaled or open opposition
of very many! Can we hope that the Republi-
cans, who control the noithern Legislatures, as
well as this House and more than a third of the
Senate, will consent? I agree that true wisdom
and patriotism might lead them to such counsels;
and even without renouncing their peculiar anti-
slavery tenets, they might bow before the inevit-
able necessity of events, and, acknowledging the
impossibility of holding the South m vassalage,
might acquiesce in such a division of power as
I have suggested. But their recent \ot<'s and
speeches show but too plainly that no such pru-
dence and justice can be expected. They fancy
that they have secured along tenure of the coveted
spoiisund power, and that to consent to any change
is to confess that they have been wrong. If pride
of opinion or selfish ambition preventthe present
holders of power from agreeing:to such just com-
promises as may rebuild the CJnion, perhaps a
popular election would expel them from their
places, and substitute for them men of larger and
more patriotic views. But this would be a work
of time, and meantime the building is falling to
pieces over our heads. Nor can it be accom-
plished, even when new elections offer the oppor-
tunities, if the people of the North have any rea-
son to distrust our sincerity or earnestness of
purpose. Their Republican leaders have sedu-
lously taught them that our warnings were empty
gasconade, and that the Union was m no danger;
and therefore they have never seriously considered
demands which they did not believe the South
i was very serious in pressing.
But their attention is at last roused by the im-
minent perils of the country; and a hearing, I
would hope, is secured. They may say to them-
selves that it is better to repair our shattered Union;
it is more magnanimous and worthier Americans
and American principles to agree that any con-
siderable portion of our fellow countrymen, who
really so desire, shall govern themselves than to
insist on govcrningthem; and that the South shall
have the equality she values so highly. Such a
concession, if concession it be, is wiser and more
honorable than to destroy the Union in the pur-
suit of a bootless tyranny of one section over an-
other. I would willingly hope, sir, that the north-
ern people mightthus feel and reason. But if so,
itwould be a great change since last fall; and that,
because the situation of affairs has changed; be-
cause actual disunion has at last convinced them
that the South, whether rightly or wrongly, does
truly believe herself aggrieved, and her safety and
equality and honor imperiled by the dominant
anti-slavery sentiment of the North, and is pre-
pared, in their defense, to abandon whatever ad-
vantages there may have been in the Union, and
to risk forLune and life itself. It will be because
the northern people, then, in no unworthy or
craven spirit, but in true love for Union, and mind-
ful of fraternal blood,-will yield what ically costs
them nothing, to the cat nest com ictions of the
South—will yield what they did not take the pains
to consider while they believed that the South
was insincere, and playing a mere paity game in
her demands. Therefore, for the South (o post-
pone action for such a change in northern Legis-
tures, in next fall's elections, ns may give a ma-
jority in favor of proper amendments to the Con-
stitution, is not only to expose herself to all the
chances of division and discouragement at home,
but it is to abandon the only course that can con-
vince the North of her sincerity, or give to con-
servative men there the strength to carry those
measures which the extreme men m power would
a short time since have refused even to consider.
Meantime Virginia, my own State, has called
a convention of her people in their sovereign ca-
pacity, for the l3th of February, which will de-
cide her future course. She has been, she still is,
sincerely attached to the Union; she would gladly
have preserved it; she would willingly reconstruct
it. Not long since, she would have accepted, and
advised her southern sister States to accept, a most
moderate basis of settlement. But events daily
strengthen the feeling for secession. Your defiant
speeches, and still more insulting indifference;
your threatsof military coercion, inflame her peo-
ple; your rejection of all compromises induce the
belief that you are determined to rule, if need be,
by the sword; and as this belief grows into con-
viction, so rises Virginia's estimate of the condi-
tions which would make this a safe Union for the
South. And let no man doubt where she would
bo in the final disruption.
She will join no border State confederacy, with
two fronticis to defend, instead of one, cut olf from
the natural outlet for her emigration in the South,
and with all the territorial and slavery conti over-
siesinthe new Union, which drove her out of the
old.
Still less can she, or the border slave States, re-
main in the tiotlhcm confederacy. If the fifteen
southern States were unsafe in the oldUnion, how
would the eight border States fare in the new
Union, with nineteen free States? How then would
they resist the sectional taxation and appropria-
tions, the commercial and fiscal systems, which,
even in the former Union, have built up northern
cities, and fostered northern industry at the ex-
pense of the agricultural labor of the South? If
permitted tokeep their slaves, what would become
of their increasing population, shut out from the
Territories by the northern government, and per-
haps from the South by its confederacy ?
The picture would be reversed for these Stntes
in a southern confederacy, and especially for Vir-
ginia, the oldest and the largest, whether she con-
siders her material interests or the ties of blood
which bind her to her children, scattered in thou-
sands over the entire South. Virginia can never
hesitate between being the leading State of a south-
ern confederacy, or the dependent follower of a
northern. The great statesman of the Republi-
can party traced its lineage to Plymouth rock,
and celebrated its victory as the triumph of the
Massachusetts school of politics. He was right.
Plymouth and Jamestown, the Puritans and the
Cavaliers, Massachusetts and Vitginia, arc the
great origins of the opposite systems of Ameri-
can policy and society. You of the North seem
to prefer the Massachusetts school, as you have
aright. It rests on the infallibility of majori-
ties—the divine light of the greater number to rule
absolutely the lesser. It cares more to strengthen
the community than it fears to dwarf the indi-
vidual. Its ultimate tendency is to depend more
on Government and lesson individual wisdom or
energy; audits final word must be a despotism of
mere numbers under a military dictatorship, after
the Fiench model. The Virginia school, on the
contrary, is more English. It reduces govern-
ment to its minimum of power, and relies upon
the powers of the individual man for its strength,
its prosperity, and its glory. Its motto is, not the
Benthamite heresy of the greatest good of the
greatest number, but the greatest good of all.
Founding its society on the subordination of an
infenor to a superior race, it would combine the
lofty spirit and culture of an aristocracy with the
equaliiyof a democracy. If Virginia could foiget
her material interests, she could never forego, for
her sons, the interests of empire. She will never
consent to close for them the possibility of playing
their equal pai t in the drama of civilization. She
knows that to her school of politics this Union
owes its Constitution and its noblest achievements;
and that whenever the Massachusetts school pre-
vailed, whether under the elder or younger Ad-
ams, as at present, the country was brought to
the verge of ruin. Hers were the Eastern portals
whence the dawning day called forth that morn-
ing of Amcncan greatness—
 « whose briphtne^ bioad hath blazed ;
Wliuv glouou^, glutei nig light h<uh till men's. cj e3
amazi'd.''
She will never abandon her pi inciplcs, or those
southern States which, sprung from her loins and
formed in her similitude, have multiplied her
honors, and endowed the Old Dominion with a
youth ever new.
But, sir, 1 have wandered from the strict line
of my argument. 1 have endeavored to show that
the real cause of the present difficulties is the dif-
ference between the social systems of the North
and South, and the aggressive character of the an ti-
slavery sentiment that controls the former, and
which has made the Union the Union of a dom-
inant and a subject section; that the South would
have sought a remedy in constitutional amend-
ments, had you .of the Republican party shown
any disposition to give them. But your hearts
are hardened like Pharaoh's in your pride; and
the South could not safely await the slow and
uncertain chances of new and distant elections.
Some of her States have resorted to the only re-
maining course—an exercise of the right of seces-
sion, withdrawing from the Union in the same
manner and by the same authority they entered it.
And thus, whether you acknowledge it or not, the
Union is dissolved. For, even if you resort to
civil war, that very war is in itself an end of the
Union as a union between equal States; but with
peace, reunion becomes possible.
Peace, sir, means reconstruction; it means
Union, in some form or other, while force is war
and inevitable, eternal scpaiation. After blood-
shed, and all the evil passions and bitter hatreds
which must follow, it would be vain to hope for
any reunion. I cannot believe that many are
to be found who really wish for the untold woes
that follow in the train of civil war. There may
be a few fanatical, or wicked men, whose vindic-
tive natures would revel in the blood of their
countrymen; but! trust that most of those whose
sullen indifference now threatens to bring these
misfortunes upon all, are acting blindly. They
