1374
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
negro a citizen. Those two propositions would
be enough of itself to dissolve the Union, if noth-
ing else were offered.
But I did not intend to discuss these matters,
and I will not. It is a matter that concerns others,
and not me. I trust, however, that we shall not
waste the nightin debate upon propositions which
have either no meaning whatever, or have such
meaning as to produce the very effect which you
desire to avoid.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Mr. President, the de-
bate has been of a character so discursive that
the Senate will hardly recollect the question that
is now before them. The original subject of
debate was the resolution from the House of
Representatives, proposing an amendment to the
Constitution, the effect of which is to render the
.Constitution unchangeable in its negation of power
to this Government to interfere with slavery in
the States. That far it is an additional security.
If the present border States are to remain a por-
tion of the Union, they will be but as eight to
perhaps twenty-five, in a very short while. Is it
not manifest to gentlemen that the altered condi-
tion of things would require some additional guar-
antees for the security of their property—this
peculiar and special property, the object of such
dislike and opposition to our fellow-citizens of the
North ? Why should we reject it? It does not
give all the satisfaction we desire; it is a remedy
entirely inadequate to the whole cause of com-
plaint; but it removes one apprehension of por-
tions of our people. Why, then, reject it? You,
I apprehend, can have no objection to granting
this, because you continually announce here that
it is exactly in accordance with yourpurposes and
your feelings.
But some gentlemen say they will give no bonds
for their good behavior. How inappropriate is
this sort of language to the argument? They
would have us go upon the principle of confidence
altogether. If we are to go upon the system of
confidence, let us throw aside all constitutions.
What are they made for? They arc mutual bonds
between different portions oftlic country; and this
is no otherwise a bond than every other provision
of the Constitution of theUnited Statesisabond.
All gentlemen profess not only to regard, but to
reverence that bond as a sacred bond, to be held
inviolable; and yet, when an altered condition of
things manifestly requires, upon the very princi-
ples of the Constitution itself, when logical con-
clusions from its own principles would lead to the
extension of the security given in the Constitu-
tion itself, gentlemen say they will bind them-
selves by no bonds for good behavior. That is
all the answer they can give; and 1 leave you to
judge, Senators, how far, in your judgment, that
is an answer to be accepted. It is not the answer
which, I am sure, the Senate of the United States
will give to such a proposition. But 1 do not wish
now to enlarge upon it.
Mr. President, I have intended and desired to
make a few general remarks upon this subject;
but, at this late hour of the night, I hesitate to
Practice such an imposition upon you, Senators.
" Go on. "I
Mr. BIGLER. Let us have them. I hope the
Senator will go on.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I do not know whether
it is certain we are to sit all night to-night, and
finish this matter, or whether we are to adjourn
for an evening session to-morrow night.
Mr. HUNTER. Let us have an evening ses-
sion to-morrow.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. If so, I would rather
postpone those remarks until to-morrow, when
we can go into a more general view of the sub-
ject; but it is of very little consequence and im-
portance as to the remarks I wish to make. They
are the last I ever expect to address to the Senate
of the United States.
Mr. HUNTER. If the Senator will indicate
the hour he himself would prefer, I will move to
take a recess until that time.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Any hour that would
suit the Senate would be agreeable to me.
Mr. KING. Say seven o'clock in the evening.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Any hour will do for
me.
Mr. SUMNER. Eight o'clock on Monday
morning.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Oh, no; I am not ready
to go to breakfast by eight o'clock.
Mr. HUNTER. Does the Senator agree to
seven o'clock in the evening?
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Yes, sir.
Mr. LANE. I hope the Senate will say seven
o 'clock.
Mr. HUNTER. It seems to be generally
thought that seven o'clock is the best hour. I
move that the Senate take a recess until seven
o'clock to-morrow evening.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. If Senators arc willing,
perhaps I had better go on and submit the few
remarks I have to make now.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Virginia,
that the Senate take a recess until to-morrow eve-
ning, at seven o'clock.
Mr. CLARK. If the Senator from Virginia is
about to make that motion, I hope he will allow
me first to take up a motion for the reconsidera-
tion of a bill, in order to get rid of it.
Mr. PUGH I object.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Virginia.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate (at
nine minutes to twelve o'clock) took a recess until
to-morrow (Sunday) evening, at seven o'clock.
The Senate reassembled at seven o'clock, p. m.,
[Sunday evening, March 3,] and Mr. Bright
took the chair as Presiding Officer.
Long before the Senate met, the galleries were
densely filled with spectators, and all the avail-
able space on the floor of the Senate Chamber was
filled by strangers.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secretary
will read the 48th rule of the Senate.
The Secretary read, as follows:
c< 48. No person shall be admitted to the floor of the. Sen-
ate, while in session, except as follows, namely: The of-
ficers of the Senate, members of the House of Represent-
atives and their Clerk, the President of the United States
and his Private Secretary, the heads of Departments, for-
eign ministers, ex-Presidents and ex-Vice residents of
the United States, ex-Senatois, Senators elect, and judges
of the Supreme Court."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sergeant-
at-Arms will execute the rule.
The Sergeant-at-Arms proceeded to clear the
floor of persons who were not entitled to admis-
sion.
After an interval of some minutes,
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The galleries
are requested to preserve order, and those who are
upon the floor of the Chamber, and know them-
selves not to be entitled to admission under the
rules, will please retire without farther specifica-
tion. *
The floor having been cleared, and order re-
stored,
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
ponding is House joint resolution (No. 80) to
amend the Constitution of the United States.
The question is on the amendment proposed by
the Senator from Wisconsin, to the amendment
proposed by the Senator from Ohio; and upon
that question, the Senator from Kentucky [Mr.
Chittenden] is entitled to the floor.
TARIFF BILL.
Mr. SIMMONS. By an understanding with
the Senator fiom Kentucky, he permits me to in-
troduce a joint resolution to correct some errors
in a bill passed last week. I desire that it be
read.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Rhode Island asks leave to introduce a joint
resolution to correct certain errors in an act en-
titled " An act to provide for the payment of out-
standing Treasury notes, to authorize a loan, to
regulate and fix the duties on imports, and for
other purposes." •
Mr. CLINGMAN. I shall object to the con-
sideration of any proposition in relation to the
tariff,in any way, at this time. The bill is passed.
It ought to have had more examination, and I do
not think we should touch it now.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The joint res-
olution has had its first reading.
Mr. BINGHAM. I think, if the Senator from
North Carolina knew what this resolution was,
he would not object. It is simply to correct some
errors in the engrossment of the bill, to make it
perfect.
Mr, CLINGMAN. If I could see the joint
resolution, perhaps I would withdraw the objec-
tion.
Mr. BIGLER. I suggest that this business,
and all other of a similar character, be allowed to
rest over until after midnight. There will be
plenty of time then to do this business.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN.
Mr. HEMPHILL. I ask leave to withdraw
the papers in the case of E. P. Hunt, agent for
underwriters of New York, Boston, Philadelphia,
and New Orleans, at Galveston, Texas, praying
that the expense of keeping a light-vessel near
Galveston bar may be refunded to them by the
United States. The Committee on Commerce
have not had time to act upon them, and they
move to be discharged. I ask, if there be no ob-
jection, that leave be granted.
The committee were discharged from the fur-
ther consideration of the papers, and leave was
granted to withdraw them.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. SUMNER. I offer a memorial of five
thousand citizens of Massachusetts, in which they
call upon Congress to stand by the Constitution
as it is, and the Government of the country, and
to make no compromise whatever. I understand
that there are memorials, signed by thirty-seven
thousand persons, similar to this, but they have
not yet come to hand. This is simply the fore-
runner of the others. I offer this now, and ask
that it lie on the tabic.
It was so ordered.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I ask for the rpgular order
of business.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The regular
order of business is the amendment proposed by
the Senator from Wisconsin to the amendment
proposed by the Senator from Ohio to the joint
resolution (H. R. No. 80) to amend the Consti-
tution of the United States; on which the Senator
from Kentucky is entitled to the floor.
CREDENTIALS.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Before I proceed, 1 de-
sire to present to the Senate the official evidence
of the election of Hon. John C. Breckinridge,
now Vice President of the United States, as a
Senator elect to the United States Senate from the
State of Kentucky, as my succcssor. Ho suc-
ceeds to a place of great difficulty and high duties.
I have no doubt that he will, and I hopt; he may,
occupy the seat much more successfully than 1
have done, for the good of our common country.
I ask that the credentials be read and filed.
The credentials were read, and ordered to be
filed.
^ STATE OF THE UNION.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The joint res-
olution (H. R. No. 80) to amend the Constitution
of the United States is before the Senate as in
Committee of the Whole.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I have not risen with
any vain ambition or purpose to play the orator.
I have no set speech to make 
[Great disturbance was occasioned by persons
endeavoring to get into the already over-crowded
galleries.]
The PRESIDING; OFFICER. The Scrgcant-
at-Armswill be required to prevent other persons
from entering the gallery doors, and see that order
is maintained. It is impossible to proceed with
the business in the present condition of things.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. The subject, Mr. Pres-
ident, upon which I wish to address the Senate,
is altogether too solemn and too interesting to the
country to be made the occasion for declama-
tion or eloquence. I do not aim at it. I am a
plain man, and I wish to speak plainly what I
think and what I believe on this great subject;
and my wish is to do it with as much brevity as
possible.
Mr. CLARK. I do not think it possible at all
for the Senator to be heard.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is impossi-
ble to do business with the prevailing noise.
Mr. BRAGG. I think we shall have to order
the galleries to be cleared. I move that the gal-
leries be cleared.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from North Carolina moves that the galleries to
the right of the Presiding Officer be cleared.
Mr. CLARK. I move to amend the motion
so as to limit it to those persons who are standing
m the galleries. There will be no occasion,!
