1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
415
deceive themselves with words. They talk of the
enforcementof the laws,and are obstinately blind
to the fact that this euphonious phrase is, under
present circumstances, but another name for civil
war. When you undertake this enforcement in
South Carolina) or the other seceding States, you
will find yourself met by constitutional obstacles
on every hand, as was well shown in another
place by Mr. Benjamin and Jude^e Douglas.
In 1832, the case was very different; then the
State undertook to nullifyonly a part of the Fed-
eral laws; in all other respects she acknowledged
Federal authority, and her own people were di-
vided into your enemies and your friends. Now,
your authority is in all respects denit-d; the people
are unanimous against you; you have no party;
no officers; neither courts nor juries. How, then,
will you sctaboutthis enforcementof the laws, this
sworn duty as you call it, which, however, you are
willing to neglect in all regards except the collec-
tion of taxes ? You answer, by holding the forts,
and blockading the coast. But, if this blockade
is to be considered as an act of peace, where is
your warrantin the Constitution ? How hypocrit-
ical will seem your zeal to enforce the laws, w.hen
your first act is to violate that plain provision of
the supreme law, which declares that vessels
bound to or from one State, shall not be obliged to
enter, clear, or pay duties in another ? Or, if you
wrested the authority by considering your block-
ade an act of war, then the true character of your
pretended enforcement of the laws is revealed; you
are at war, and being at war, you have acknow-
ledged the government of the seceding State, at
least, as a de facto government, the very acknow-
ledgment you now refuse to make for the purposes
of peace.
But, sir, is such a blockade possible? I will
suppose you have the naval force necessary, and
the revenues, without resorting to loans or direct
taxes to maintain it. I will suppose the southern
people quietly submit to it even for a year; and
imagine not that their hearts would grow weary,
or fail them, once embarked in the great cause.
They are the sons of men who endured and suf-
fered under the entire military power of England
for ten years, and by endurance came out con-
querors. During that period of blockade they
would have abundant provisions; for every man
who has studied the statistics of the country
knows that the South produces morcfood, in pro-
portion to her population, than the North. For
her, it would be the loss of income only; and
while her cotton was thus held up for a single
year, what would be the consequences to New
England, whose whole supplyis drawn from the
South; to France, where southern cotton furnishes
employment directly to some two hundred and
seventy thousand persons, and indirectly to more
than a million? Above all, what would be the
effect of this withdrawal from Great Britain of throe
fourths of the cotton she uses, upon which, as the
London Times lately estimated, four million of
her people depend for daily bread? Rely upon
it, sir, that,bitter and unreasonable as her preju-
dices may be, the same causes which have recon- ;
ciled England to the use of slave-grown sugar and j
cotton, would neversulfer either France or herself [
to acquiesce in this blockade. The South need
only wait patiently and silently, with absolute
assurance that those great Powers would be forced
to an active interference. And then, sir, how
would you conduct the war*
No course would be open to you but actual
invasion, which, indeed, passion and resistance
would probably bring about at a much earlier
period. Invasion, sir! invasion of what? and
under what conditions ? Of an agricultural coun-
try eight hundred and fifty-one thousand square
miles in extent, larger than all the empires and
kingdoms of central Europe, yet with only about
fourteen inhabitants to the square mile, and con-
sequently without large cities or means to sustain
an invading host; but, sir, not without brave men,
trained to the use of arms, and ready to destroy
the invading army, which would melt away like
snows of winter every mile as they advanced into
the southern clime, far from their resources. Na-
poleon, in his disastrous Russian invasion, was
not so far from his supplies, and in a country twice
as densely peopled, twice as able to sustain him.
Your population may outnumber ours by mil-
lions; but you would be hundreds of miles from
your true base of operations, while we would be
at home. You are doubtless as brave as we are,
though not more so; but your soldiers would beled
on by the unhallowed lust to bring brothers be-
neath their yoke, while ours would strike for their
homes and their altars. I knowthatfanaticsdaily
depreciate to the northern people'the exertions of
the South in the Revolution, and teach that, as
sJaveholding is the sum of all human villainies,
so is it the source of incurable weakness and im-
potence. But before they believe such teachers,
let them read history. Let them remember that
the words of that noble epitaph at Thermopylae:
"Go, stranger, and tell our countrymen that we
lie here in obedience to her laws," were the words
of three hundred slaveholders; that the imperish-
able glory which still gilds the rocks of Attica
shone around a nation of slaveholders; that slave-
holders carried the Roman eagles over the world,
and bequeathed the Roman laws for the guidance
of all the coming generations of Christendom.
Above all, and first of all, let them reflect that a
nationof slaveholders, but little more than a fourth
in number of the present masters of the South,
defied the power of England, and that to them
we owe our independence and our Constitution.
Yes, sirs, when you invade us; when, denying us
the right of self-government, you seek to make of
our States dependent provinces, and baptize your
accursed tyranny in your brother's blood, I in-
vite you to be bold in crime; crown it with an
unheard-of infamy; choose for your battle-fields
Eutaw, Guilford, New Orleans, and proclaim
your conquest on the heights of Yorktown. Ay,
sir, before that day comes, the blood of our men,
of our women, and of our children, will have in-
carnadined our mighty seas and rivers, and our
country shall return to primeval desolation. Such
are the inevitable results of what you call peace—
a peaceable enforcement of the laws. Peace!
peace, such as the tiger gives to his prey. Peace,
such as the old Roman gave to his conquered
foes—ubi solitudinemfaciiinUpacem vocant !
But, sir, no sane man believes that we could be
conquered. Ifwc have no ships-of-war, you have
vessels in abundance who would accept our let-
ters of marque and reprisal; and the same north-
ern capital that now engages in the slave trade
could be transferred to privateering on your com-
merce. If we did not invade you, we could at
least repel your invasion,and cutoff your attack-
ing forces. Patience alone, on our side, would
insure a victory. But I will not contemplate such
scenes. The gentleman from Ohio [Mr, Stan-
ton] yesterday admitted that it was impossible,
and wrong if possible, to subjugate the South, or
hold her States as provinces. lie agreed that war
must inevitably end in pcimanent disunion, with
the usual treaty relations between neighboring
nations. In God *s name, 1 solemnly adjure you,
why not accept, without war, this which you con-
cede must be the end of war? Is war in itself so
pleasant, so desirable, or will it make our subse-
quent relations more advantageous? Without
war, you may rebuild your Union; and if we can-
not agree on the terms for that, you have at least
two friendly nations. With war, you can have
nothing more; nay, you will have less, for you
will have two unfriendly nations. Reflectalso, I
pray you, that you cannot wage such a war with- ;
out a revolution in your own Government, for
never was a political system less suited for civil
war than this. You will go into the waraUnion
of free Republics; you will come out a consoli-
dated military despotism. Already the symptoms
are apparent. Utterances of the public press and
of public speakers, resolutions such as that re- j
cently offered by the gentleman from Illinois, j
. [Mr. Lovejoy,] all show the growing tendency j
of northern opinion for what it calls a strong Gov- \
eminent; all show the feeling that this so-called j
enforcement of the laws cannot be effected with- j
out a disregard of constitutional prohibitions, and |
even a temporary suspension of that instrument ,
by a military dictatorship. Evidence is not want- i
ing that the Executive is already disorganized; j
that the Secretary of War is no longer rcspons- j
ible to the President, or the Commander-in-Chief j
to the Secretary; nay, that the Secretary holds his :
office in defiance of the Constitution, without the !
consentof theSenate. This city becomes a camp, |
and our streets are disturbed by the tramp of cav- J
airy and the rattling of artillery. Your President j
is to be inaugurated at the point of the bayonet, j
and forts bullion sites granted for the defense of i
southern States are garrisoned for their subjuga-
tion. The illustrious old soldier at the head of the
Army, I regret to hear it said, hasforgottenhisalle-
giance to his native State, and tarnishes his laurels
by devoting the last sands of his life to devising
plans for her subjugation and theconqucst of the
South, and his military aids post with secret or-
ders in all directions to carry out their schemes
for a military revolution. Yes, sir, let the war
end as it may,you will find that you have waged
it at the expense of your own liberties. "Would
it not be better to accept without cost, at once and
peaceably, all, and more than all, it can give'
What is the difficulty? The gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Stanton] says, the insults to the flag,
the denial of Federal authority, the seizure of the
forts; he says that the South may perhaps get out
of the Union peaceably after a protracted process;
but it cannot be done suddenly without war; that
it is your sacred duty to maintain the authority
of this Government. Now, sir, J take it that
wherevera controversy is settled, each party must
allow to the other the benefit of his own point of
view. You regard the act of secession as an act
of rebellion, and each successive step as an ag-
gravation; but the seceding States claim that they
nave acted rightfully; and if they seized the forts,
it was only an act of self-defense, in response to
your threats of garrisoning them for purposes of
coercion. If we desire a settlement, no matter of
what kind, it is worse than vain to argue upon
what is already done. We must Ujfce facts as they
are. Four States have already seceded, as they
say, rebelled, as you term it. In a few days three
others will join them. A population of more than
five millions, inhabiting a country of five hundred
and twenty-three thousand two hundred square
miles—a country twice and a half as large as
France, nearly as large as the French and Aus-
trian and Prussian empires together—utterly de-
nies and repudiates your authoiity. Eight other
States, seven million four hundred thousand peo-
ple, in a country of three hundred and thirty thou-
sand square miles, deliberate whether to join
them. Attempt force, and their decision is cer-
tain in the affirmative. How absurd to ignore
such facts, or to treat such popular movements—
movements by organized and acknowledged gov-
ernments, and over so vast a scale—as rebellion;
or if they be rebellion, then you are still forced
to recognize it, to treat with it—by negotiation, if
you are wise; by open, regular war, if you madly
prefer it.
But I address myself, not to madmen or fanat-
ics, but to sensible men. I invite them to do what
proud old England did before the Revolution;
what even Austria did for the Hungarians and
Itahansm 3848; what yourselves did for the Mor-
mons two years since. I invite you to negotiate.
First secure a truce, and then seek for terms of
adjustment. Do not inquire who has been in the
wrong; accept facts as they arc. Let both parties
allow the forts everywhere to remain in their
present status; suspend the execution of the Fed-
eral laws in the seceding States, until otherwise
ordered by Congress. You will thus prevent the
possibility of present collision and the outburst
of war. Then, by sending commissioners, as
I proposed in a joint resolution the other day,
or by other means, you may negotiate and give
time for the sober second thought of the people
to fix the terms of friendly adjustment, whether
friendly separation or friendly reunion. Why re-
fuser You concede really nothing. You simply
acknowledge facts, indisputable facts. Your au-
thority is denied; the execution of your laws is
suspended. You are asked merely to accept the
actual condition of things as the basis of a truce,
of an armistice, for negotiation. If the negotia-
tion fail; if, at the end of the truce, you still pre-
fer war, your condition will be just what it now
is; neither party will be in a worse or a better
position for the fray.
Rut I have strong faith that negotiations would
lead to happier results. For, sir, I believe that
if peace can be preserved, a reconstruction is pos-
sible and desirable. The seceding States will, of
course, form a confederacy among themselves.
Negotiation between such confederacy and this
would soon determine the conditions of reunion,
which each could submit to its several States,
according to the provisions of its own Conslitu-
tion. I am convinced that if the public peace is
preserved, such will be the course of events, and
