THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. 0.
Thirty-Sixth Congress, 2d Session.
MONDAY, MARCH 4, 1861.
New Series No. 87.
a want of confidence in men that all human law
is made. Witha perfect confidence in men, why
are your laws made against murder, against theft,
against robbery ? Why do nations all over the
world cry out for written constitutions? Why
do they ask,- give us bonds, against which the
Senator from Minnesota [Mr. Wilkinson,] who
spoke yesterday, seems to declaim so much, as if
he considered them already as manaclcs upon his
hands ? Have not the people a right to suspect
gentlemen who hold that sort of language of in-
tending to abuse their power ? He will not sub-
mit even to reasonable and rational securities to
be given to others. He calls it tying his hands,
and says that he will not submit to it.
This is a sort of argument that will satisfy no
one. It cannot satisfy the honorable Senatorhim-
self, I am sure, when he comes to think over the
aigument which he has addressed to us. Here,
then, is the controversy. All we ask, all that is
necessary, 1 believe, to settle this great mischief
that is now going on in Ihe country is, that you
shallagree that in thatsterile country, where there
never can be any number of slaves—you being in
power, you having the power to change every-
thing,even the constitution itself—you having all
power, shall now agree with us that the state of
things there shall remain as it is—until when?
Forever, the gentleman says. He says it estab-
lishes it there forever. It is very easy to make
speeches in this round and unmeasured sort of
language. Let it remain as it is—until when?
Until this Territory of more than one hundred
thousand square miles—twice as largo as the State
of New York—shall contain in its borders a hun-
dred thousand,orahundredand twenty, or ahun-
dred and thirty thousand inhabitants. Will that
require all time ? For that short period, let things
remain as they are just now, that we may not be
perplexed with the fear of change from your supe-
rior power. When it does come in, as it shall do
when it has one hundred and thirty thousand in-
habitants, then they will bo entitled, and we will
give them the right to form themselves into a State
and be admitted into the Union;and when so ad-
mitted, they shall have the right to dispose of this
question of slavery just as they please; only, for
the sake of peace, let this question rest in silence
for that short time. Give the country, who are
now greatly alarmed and greatly agitated upon
the subject, a little repose. Give them time for
their confidence to be restored. Give them time
for better feelings to take the place of the bad
feelings which now prevail. Cease your action
for a moment. Give to the nation breathing-time.
What else is asked? This is all; and this is
refused. 1 say this is all; because, in respect to
fugitives from bondage, there is no difficulty.
That is fixed by the Constitution, and we can
settle all that withoutany danger. What are all
the other questions which affect and touch this
question of involuntary servitude? They relate
to the little District of Columbia, and this is the
greatest spot to which they do relate. Now as to
the District of Columbia, how came that to belong
to us? How came that involuntary servitude
within the District of Columbia to be subject at
all to our jurisdiction? By a voluntary cession
from the Siate of Maryland. I speak only of that
which we now hold; originally it was larger, and
Virginia was one of the grantors. All that we
now retain—having relinquished that on the other
side of the Potomac—was granted to us by the
State of Maryland. Do you suppose, gentlemen,
that when the State of Maryland granted that,
there was any thought in the mind of the grantor
or grantee, of Maryland or of the General Govern-
ment, that any question should ever arise in re-
spect to this slavery, which then existed here by
the laws of Maryland? Would not some regula-
tion have been made in respect to it in someway
or other, as to how it should be abolished, if it
should be done at all, and upon what terms done;
or that it should not have been done at all? This
ik not good faith. No such thing'being 111 the con-
templation of the State which granted, or' the
States which received it, would it not be bad faith
to use it for a purpose not within the intention and
nt>t contemplated and not thought of by any one
of the parties to the bargain ? So it would have
been in respect to a private transaction, and so it
ought to be regarded here. Though the exercise
of such a power might not be absolutely uncon-
stitutional by Congress, it would be an exercise
of power in bad faith, and contrary to the expecta-
tions, and contrary, I may say, to the interests
of the party who made it.
Now, sir, all the other places under the special
jurisdiction of the United States perhaps do not
amount to one hundred and fifty acres in all the
southern States. They are the places for arsenals,
for navy-yards, and for dock-yards. They are
the only places which are specially subject to the
jurisdiction of the United States in the States; and
the proposition only provides that, in respect to
those which are in the States, Congress shall pass
no law hindering or abolishing slavery there. Is
there anything improper in all that? Is there
anythingof difficulty or question about it? Surely
there cannot and ought not to be.
Then I return to the original question: that
which respects territory and slavery in connection
with it. I have made all the remarks upon that*
which I intend; and my whole and sole object in
those remarks is not t5 attempt to convince you
that the South is right, but to convince you that
the South has, at least, some plausible reason to
be discontented with any construction which gives
you the whole and takes from them all; and that
from that discontent and long irritation has now
grown this flame which is consuming our country,
and has severed from us a valuable and important
portion of it. Under these circumstances, you
are called upon to make this sacrifice. Let this
poor sterile country of New Mexico remain as it
now is m regard to this vexed question. What
said Mr. Clay in the compromise of 1850, when
slavery was attempted to be excluded or estab-
lished in New Mexico? "No," said he, "we
will not exclude it; I will not vote for any specific
measure to carry it there; others may do that;
the people who .are to hvo there may do that; and
I will agree to give to their territorial govern-
ment a power to exclude it or a power to disal-
low it, as they please;" and so they did. What
do I ask of you more than Mr. Clay himself
did? He gave them power to establish it there.
Now, in the great commotion which exists in
our public affairs, when change and the fear of
change perplex the whole country, I just ask, let
us make one firm point here; let us agree that the
state of things m this poor Territory shall remain
just as it is; and then our country can be preserved.
Was there ever a revolution so permitted to go on,
—ever the dismemberment of a great country so
allowed to take place—ever the overthrow.of a
mighty nation like this allowed in the face of the
whole world, plainly and obviously to the sight
of its Legislature, and ail allowed to go to wreck
and nun, when it could have been preserved in
peace, by a grant no larger than that which I have
shown you. All the gentlemen from those States,
I believe, with great unanimity, have said and de-
clared that this compromise, if it could bo adopted,
or this measure, for I prefer to call it such, would
save the secession of the States that have gone
out, with one single exception perhaps. But if
it be too late now to recall them at once by a mere
vote of the Senate, upon or for any proposition,
you can at least assure the fidelity and allegiance
of other States dissatisfied from the same causes,
but yet not willing to let go the banner of their
country. You can satisfy and assure them; and
by so doing insure their continued attachmentand
allegiance to the Union. There remain of these
States, some of the mostimportautin thisUmon,
North Carolina, Virginia, Maryland, Tennessee,
Kentucky, Missouri, Delaware. Is it not worth
something to secure them ? Or is an .idea, is a
dogma, to prevail—a dogma not of the Constitu-
tion, a dogma not derived from the Constitution,
a dogma having its origin, its whole value, to con-
sist m the peculiar opinions—I will not discuss
them—in one section of the country, and which ||
is attempted to be placed above the Constitution,
and made an inseparable barrier to those meas-
ures of policy which, in the present exigency, seem
to be necessary to save the country from over-
whelming ruin? "Slavery shall not be-extended
in any Territory;" yet here I have endeavored to
show you, to remove any scruple as far as 1 can, .
that slavery does exist there now, and probably
to almost as great an extent as ever it will in the
future. The dogma, if insisted upon, and the de-
nunciation implied upon a whole class of States,
that their system of labor shall be excluded, and
they thereby partially excluded, is destroying the
equality of the States, is not doing justice to com-
mon owners, is a usurpation, and a monopoly by
a part of that which belongs to the whole, and
which the whole have an equal right to enjoy.
But to take away from it the mischief it might
do as a general principle if insisted upon every-
where, for the peace of the country let that line
of partition be made; you take the greater half;
you take two thirds of it all; and say as to the
other third, and that the poorest and most sterile
and most uninhabitable, which you nominally
leave to the South, that the state of things as it
no wis there shall continue to existuntil it becomes
a State, when it may dispose of this pestiferous
subject exactly as it pleases. That little boon has
not been granted. That is too great an offering
to make to the safety of the country. My friends
on the right and on the left, is this not a marvel
in the history of the world ? Gentlemen deny
this little item of satisfaction. Gentlemen deny it
here, seeing the consequence of it. They see the
country going to ruin, limb by limb falling from
it, and some of its strongest and most potent
arms falling from it, and yet they adhere to a
dogma, and refuse the remedy which can avert
the evil. Was ever exaction so small to avert an
evil so great?
Gentlemen, however, say they will not do this,
because they will make no compromise. Gen-
tlemen, if this is a compromise, who offers it?
Does the South offer it ? Does the North offer it?
There must be two parties to a compromise. Has
there been any negotiation between them on the
subject ? We are one and an integral body, com-
posed of Senators of the United States. X have
the honor to be one of that honorable body. I
offer a resolution. Do I offer it as a compromise ?
I am not only elected by the State of Kentucky
as her representative; but I am the representa-
tive, as I understand it, of every State of this
Union. I am a Senator of the United States;
and it is in that right that I offer my propositions
here. If those propositions had contained, on
any controveisy that might have existed, such
terms as the North insisted on, whose terms would
they have been then? Would you have called
them a compromise offered by the North to the
South ? And yet a southern Senator offered then).
No, sir; I offered them as no compromise from
the South to the North, or the North to the South.
I offer them to your wisdom and for your con-
sideration as a measure for the benefit and com-
mon good of the whole country. I offer them
as indicating the best policy for the whole coun-
try; and you call them a compromise, and say
you will have no compromise; and petitioners are
instructed to say, "no compromise."
Sir, I am very sorry to hear such language em-
ployed in a petition from the people, and in such
a connection as this. This is no compromise. The
petition does not apply to the case. It is a meas-
ure of government which I offer as a Senator,
standing equal and just between the States, North
and South. I offer it as a measure of government
for your good of the North, as well as the good
of the South. It would have to be a task imposed
on me, indeed, though I do not know who could
impose such a one, if I were to offer, as a Senator
of the United States, to this body any proposition
of a character so partial and selfish as to amount
to an unfair advantage to any part of the country,
and to the disadvantage, much less to the dishonor,
of another. I would as soon dishonor my fellow-
citizens in one section of the country as :n another;
