418*
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 16,
feeble, pusillanimous cowards that ever disgraced
a free country.
But, sir, let us look at some of the results of
breaking up our Government. If States may
separate at will, where is your public faith? What
better are your treaties than the naked parchment
upon which they are written? Who. then will
become the purchaseTs ot your bonds? In what
condition will be your widow and orphan and
benevolent societies that have placed their all in
the public credit? Whatman would trust a people
for one dollar who wotfld tamely permit traitors
to insult their flag and steal their property with
impunity? One thing is certain: if the organized
Government here does not vindicate its honor and
resent its wrongs, and anarchy comes, the people
of the free States will do that work most thor-
oughly.
Mr. Chairman, so long as gentlemen confine
themselves to the harmless business of dissolving
this Union upon paper, and setting up in then-
poetical imaginations a Government antagonis-
tic to that of the United States, I certainly have
110 disposition to break in upon their dreams of
wealth and glory consequent upon the new order
of tilings; but if the attempt is to be made to make
these mere dreams the basis of action against our*
great temple of republican freedom, reared by
patriotic hands and minds; if, indeed, they should
take a practical form, and result in the actual in-
vasion of the rights of our General Government,
as illustrated in the conduct of those who have
recently seized upon its property in the South,
then, sir, I am for using every means which Al-
mighty God has given us to maintain the laws,
the Constitution, and the Union. This, sir, I
am sure, is the sentiment of the ten million people
living in the West and Northwest, with here and
there an exception; and I would now most respect-
fully suggest to the secessionists of the South,
and to all who are disposed to break up this great
and glorious Confederacy, that it would be at least
an act of prudence to consult those ten million.
Theyarenowa power in the nation to the extent
of one third; and they mean to be heard, and if
need be felt, on this impending question. I will
not say that no traitors will be found in the free
States west of the Alleghany mountains; but if
any, they will be as one to twenty tories in the
Revolution. And now, sir, is there a single man
so beside himself as to suppose that these ten
million hardy people will look calmly on or take
a neutral position, and see State after State leave
the Union, and the Mississippi river pass into
the control of a foreign Government? I deny
it. No, sir; they settled up that country with a
clear understanding that that river and its various
tributaries should forever flow in the United States
of America, free for a commerce that already
rivals that of the Atlantic coast—the great unob-
structed highway to the ocean. Heaven have
mercy upon the men who attempt to make it any
thing else, or placo a single disability upon its
trade or commerce!
I know the spirit and the temper of the people
of the West, and I know also that they never will
submit to the Mississippi river being controlled
by any powerexcept that of thoUnion. Sir,there
isa gathering storm in the West. The South may
not see, and if they see, may not heed it; but a
mighty storm is coming nevertheless. Our people
are slow to anger, and will bear much before they
strike down the invaders of their rights; but there
is a point of endurance beyond which they will
not go.
This work o^d riving our people from territory
where they have guarantied rights as American
citizens; this work of planting cannon upon the
Mississippi river for (reasonable purposes; this
work of personal violence in New Orleans and
other places, all must cease, or tens of thousands
of men will rush to the combat and sweep the
entire coast of Mississippi and Louisiana; and,
their just indignation once fairly aroused, no
powei this side of Heaven can prevent them from
making the foundation of New Orleans the bed of
a lake where fishes will dwell instead of men.
I now wish to call the attention of ^he commit-
tee to some outrages committed on thifcommerce
of the Mississippi river. I ask to have a short
i \tract read.
The Clerk read from the Chicago Tribune of
14th instant, as follows:
u A few days since one of oui heaviest wholesale gro-
cery firms doing a largi business witii the city of New Or-
leans, had occasiontosend a large shipment of flour to that
city. This they proposed to do in their usual form of insur-
ance—an open policy. But at the lust moment comes the
intelligence by telegioph that the New York insurers have
canceled the policy, and refuse to insure cargoes on the
Mississippi river. The firm have sent their flour to New
York for ocean freight to New Orleans.
" Simultaneously with the above, the wholesale grocery
houses arc advised by our Chicago underwriters that they
must largely advance rates of insurance on shipments of
sugar from New Orleans—a rate which will tell heavily
against the advantages of New Orleans as a sugar market,
and, with the reasons for this change, will do much to
divert trade to the seaboard. Now, all this is the result of
the aetion of the seceding State of Mississippi, which gives
three hundred miles of a doubtful, perhaps hostile, coast,
to be added to the risks of river navigation: no slight addi-
tion to be sure; for who believes that the traitors who are
arming Mississippi against the Union would stick at sup-
plying a scanty commissariat by a seizure ot northern prod-
uce ? Underwriters and capitalists do not consult polit-
ical demagogues as to their business interests. Capital is
quick to take alarm, and is most sagacious. Thus, by a
single blow at the hand of traitors, Chicago and New Or-
leans ace put wide asunder by the interposed foreign State
of Mississippi."
Mr. MAYNARD. J should like to ask the
gentleman from Ohio, if this occurs in the pres-
ent state of affairs, what would it be when the
Union is dissolved and the Government broken
up? "If they do these things in a green tree,
what shall be done in the dry?"
Mr. GURLEY. If the Union be broken up,
and war follow, let the consequences fall on those
who are responsible. Do southern gentlemen
expect that tnc people of the far West will fold
their hands in indifference, and see their com-
merce interrupted, their steamboats fired into ?
How long do they expect us to submit to it? Sir,
no foreign Government on the face of the earth
could commit such outrages against this nation
without an immediate declaration of war. And
now I say, that with strong hands and stout hearts
our people settled up the West. With their own
right arm they leveled the forest, and prepared
the land for themselves and their children. The
very hardships they have endured make them
strong and brave; and woe to those who attempt
by force to take from them a single right which
they possess upon any river that flows toward
the sea.
^ In conclusion, sir, I will say that I am forprac-
tical and speedy legislation to meet the exigencies
of the times. Give us a bill permitting the Pres-
ident to receive volunteers to sustain the national
Government. Pass it; let itbecome a lawatonce;
and if you need fifty thousand soldiers from the
West you will have them; a hundred thousand,
and you will have them. And then, if the worst
comes to the worst, and the stars and stripes are
still in danger, ask for five hundred thousand, and
they will be at your command. Do any call this
an extravagant statement ? Sir, we have in Ohio
alone nearly three hundred thousand able-bodied
men who are subject to military duty by our laws.
They will defend the Union; they will defend
the Government; they will defend the Capitol;
and they will defend our glorious flag as long as
they have a loaf of bread to eat or a gun to fire.
Peace and harmony wc all desire; but we will
never purchase them with dishonor and the sur-
renAM. of self-respect. Those who make war upon
the crevernment without any just cause must bear
the responsibility and punishment which belongs
to rebels and traitors.
It has been supposed that the people of the
West are divided in sentiment on this subject, and
that a large number of them aide with those who
are nowseekingtodestroy theGovernment. This,
however, will be found to be a great mistake. The
resolutions of the Legislature of Ohio, as read
from the Clerk's desk this morning, show that
the people of Ohio are all but unanimous on the
subject of maintaining the Government. These
resolutions passed the Senate unanimously, by the
votes of both Democrats and Republicans. Sir,
when the question comes up of fidelity to this
Union, and when the Government is in danger,
we of the West will never stop to talk about
names. We will overleap all party lines. We
will, if need be, sink all party names
" Deeper than did plummet ever sound."
we will come in solid phalanx. We will rally
as one man to defend the Union and maintain our
glorious flag, which gives protection to our citi-
zens in all lands. It now floats proudly, triumph-
antly over this Capitol, and it shall never be struck
down by rebels at home or enemies abroad.
Mr. HOLMAN. Mr. Chairman, the fact can
no longer be concealed, sir, that we are in the
midst of revolulion. The American people are
compelled to behold a spectacle which, in the
confidence of long years of peaceful security,
they have deemed to be impossible—the Union,
established by the sacrifices of their fathers, anil
sanctified by imperishable memories, quivering
in the very agony of dissolution! Who, sir, can
stand unappalled in contemplation of the fact?
Who can but regret that he is a part of the gen-
eration which, while bearing onward the flag of
the Republic, seduced by the unworthy passions
of the hour, has suffered its sacred folds to be
trampled in the dust? I will not discuss, sir, the
merits of the questions which have given rise to
this alarming condition of public affairs, or in-
dulge in crimination upon the North or the South.
These, sir, are swallowed up for the time by the
graver question, whether the Government itself
shall continue to exist; whether the Constitution
by which it is created possesses the inherent
power to resist its own destruction.
If, sir, a State possesses the right of secession;
if the strength of the Government is founded only
on the voluntary concert of its various parts; if
any part of the nation can withdraw from the
common Confederacy at pleasure, without refer-
ence to the irreparable injustice that may lesult
to the other parts of the Confederacy; then, sir,
is ours the weakest Government on the face of
the earth; the prosperity of its people at the
mercy of every storm of human passion; its ap-
parent greatness a miserable delusion, as baseless
as the fabric of a dream. •
It is urged, sir, that if a State does actually
secede from the Union, the question whether the
right exists, or whether it be an act of revolution,
or an exercise of power without right, is wholly
immaterial; that the consequences are the same.
•The proposition is not ^rue. If the right exists,
the remaining States must acquiesce, whatever
may bo the consequences to their material inter-
est. If it does not, they may determine, without
aggression, what policy may be necessary to vin-
dicate their own rights against the consequences
of the act of the seceding State. But beyond
this, sir, there are tribunals to which States and
nations are responsible. The question whether
the overthrow of this Government, by an act of
secession, be in conformity with the compact by
which it was founded, or an act of unwarrantable
violence, in derogation of public faith, may de-
termine the judgment which the civilized nations
of the earth, and the friends of freedom through-
out the world, may pronounce upon the act of
its destruction. But above all, sir,it will determ-
ine the judgment of that tribunal from which no
State or generation of men can escapc—the im-
partial judgment of posterity. If this Republic
is to perisli, and furnish another argument for
kings and consolidated power; if the proud ex-
pectations of the illustrious men who formed it
arc to be disappointed; if the Government which
is at once the hope and the pride and the glory
of down-trodden millions is to become another
mockery of human aspirations; if the ark of the
covenant of our fathers, with the visible evidence
of the approbation of Almighty God still resting
upon it, is to be dashed to pieces, let that final
tribunal determine the character of the act, and
denounce the sentence of its vindictive wrath
upon the memory of the guilty. In the midst,
sir, of the horrors of national ruin, if they shall
come upon us, the question whether they have
resultedfrom an exercise of rightful power or from
violated faith will not fail to enter into the judg-
ment which even the present generation will pro-
nounce.
I deny, sir, the right of a State to secede from
this Union. The whole history of the country,
from the first suggestion of a union among the
American colonies to the present hour, disproves
it. It is disproved by the Articles of Confedera-
tion and the events which led to the organization
of the Government; by the history of the present
Constitution, and the opinions of the great states-
men who formed it; and, above all, by the very
terms of the Constitution itself. The Union
formed by the Articles of Confederation was in
the nature of a compact or league between States.
It was a Confederacy of the States. It did not
sufficiently unite the American people as one
nation. The Federal authority was insufficient.
