1380
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
iation, be withdrawn, and that we now have a vote
upon the resolution from the House of Represent-
atives? It may not be worth much, but it will
show the way to peace; it will show the way to
reconciliation; it will show that there is no stern,
unreasoning, and blind opposition to every sort
of acquiescence in amendments that arc desired
to the Constitution. It may not be of much effect
for the present, or it may be. Consider the dimin-
ished number of the slaveholding States; consider
the increased and increasing numbers of the free
States; consider it fairly and candidly, and ask
yourselves if your brethren arc doing more than
freemen ought to do, who are taught to be vigilant
of their rights, to employ, as bulwarks for them,
in all countries and on all occasions, constitutional
securities. I hope, in that spirit, you will allow
this resolution to pass.
Gentlemen, I beg pardon for the time which I
have occupied. I thank you for the patient and
respectful attention with which you have listened
to my remarks. I ought to have said all that I
have said in much shorter time and much fewer
words.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, the long
public service of the Senator from Kentucky, his
acknowledged patriotism and devotion to the
Union, give great importance to whatever he says;
and in all he has said in favor of the Union and
its preservation, and the maintenance of the Con-
stitution, I most heartily concur. No man shall
exceed me in devotion to the Constitution and the
Union. But, while this is so, what the Senator
says of those of us who disagree with him as to
the mode of preserving the Union and maintain-
ing the peace of the country is well calculated, in
consequence of the position he occupies, to mis-
lead and prejudice the public mind as to our true
position. Does he expect, or can he expect, that
compromises will be made and concessions yielded
when he talks of the great party of this country,
constituting a majority of its people, as being
wedded to a dogma setup above the Constitution;
when he talks of us as usurping all the Territo-
ries, as ostracizing all the people of the South,
and denying them their rights? Is that the way
to obtain compromises? Instead of turning his
denunciation upon those who violate the Consti-
tution and trample the Una: of the country in the
dust,he turns to us and talks to us of usurpations,
of our dogmas; tells us that for a straw we are
willing to dissolve the Union and involve the
country in blood. Why are not these appeals
made and these rebukes admunsteied to the men
who are involving the country in blood ? If it is
a straw for us to yield, is it anything more than
a straw for them to demand? If it is a trifle for
us to concede, is it any larger than a trifle which
the South demands,and to obtain which it is will-
ing to destroy this Union, which he has so beauti-
fully and so highly eulogized?
Sir, I have heard this charge against the people
of the North, of a desire to usurp the whole of the
common Territories, till I am tired of the accusa-
tion. It has been made and refuted ten thousand
times. Not a man in the North denies to every
citizen of the South the same right in a Territory
that he claims for himself. And who ai e the peo-
ple of the South' Slaveholders? Not one white
citizen in twenty of the population in the South
ownsaslave. The nineteen twentieths of the non-
slaveholding population of the South are forgot-
ten, while the one twentieth is spoken of as " the
South." The man who owns a siave in the South
has just as much right in the Temtoiy as a man
in the Noith who owns no slave. If the south-
erner cannot take his negro slave to thcTemtory,
neither can the northern man.
Again, sir, the Senator talks of the rights of the
States to the common Territories. The Territo-
ries do not. belong to the States; they are the prop-
erty of the General Government; and the State of
Kentucky has no more right in a Territory than
has the city of Washington, or any county m the
State of Maryland. As a State, Kentucky has
no right in a Territory, nor has Illinois; but the
Territories belong to the Federal Government,
and are dispqsed of to the citizens of the United
States, without regard to locality.
But, sir, L propose to inquire what it is that ha^
brought the country to its present condition; what
it is that has occasioned this disruption, this rev-
olution in a portion of the country. Many years
ago an attempt was made in the State of South
Carolina to disrupt this Government, at that time
on account of the revenue system. It failed. The
disunionists of 3832 were put down by General
Jackson; and from that day to this there have
been secessionists per se, men who have been
struggling continuously and persistently to prop-
agate their doctrine wherever they could find fol-
lowers; and 1 am sorry to say they seem to have
impressed the public mind of the South, to a great
extent, with their notions. In 1850, the effort to
break up the Government was renewed. It was
then settled by what were known as the compro-
mise measures of that year. The great men of
that day—Clay, Webster, Cass, and others—>took
part in that settlement, and it was then supposed
that the settlement would be permanent. The
controversy of 1850 was not in regard to a tariff,
but in regard to the negro question; the very
question which General Jackson had prophesied,
in the nullification times, would be the one upon
which the next attempt would be made to destroy
the Government. After a long struggle, the com-
promise measures of 1850 were passed. Quiet
was given to the country; all parties in all sections
of the country acquiesced in the settlement then
made. Resolutions were offered in this body de-
nouncing any person who should attempt again
to introduce the question of slavery into Con-
gress. Speeches were made, in which Senators
declared that they would never again speak upon
the subject in the Congress of the United States.
It was said that the slavery question was forever
removed from the Halls of Congress, and we then
supposed that the country would continue quiet
on this exciting subject. But, sir, in 1854, not-
withstanding the pledges which had been given
in 1850, notwithstanding the quiet of the country,
when no man was agitating the slavery question;
when no petitions came either from States, coun-
ties, cities, or towns, from villages or individ-
uals, asking a disturbance of former compromises;
when all was quiet, of a sudden a proposition was
spiung in this Chamber to unsettle the very ques-
tions which had been put to rest by the compro-
mises of 1850. A proposition was then intro-
duced to repeal one ofthc compromises which had
been recognized by the acts of 1850; for the Mis-
souri compromise, which excluded slavery from
Kansas and Nebraska, was, by reference, directly
and in express terms, reaffirmed by the compro-
mises of 1850. But, sir, in the beginning of 1854,
that fatal proposition was introduced and embod-
ied in the Kansas-Nebraska act, which declared
that the eighth section of the actfortheadmission
of Missouri into the Union, which had passed in
3820, and which excluded slavery from Kansas
and Nebraska, should be repealed, it being de-
clared to be " the true intent and meaning of the
act not to introduce slavery into any State or Ter-
ritory, nor to exclude it therefrom, but to leave
the people thereof perfectly free to form and regu-
late their domestic institutions in their own way,
subject only to the Constitution of the United
States*'—a little stumpspeech,as Colonel Benton
denominated it, introduced into the body of the
bill, wiuoh has since become as familiar to all the
children of the land, from its frequent repetition,
as MotherGoose's stories. That was the fatal act
which brought about the agitation of the slavery
question; and on the repeal of the Missouii com-
promise followed the disturbances in the settle-
ment of Kansas. That act led to civil war in Kan-
sas, to the burning of towns, to the invasion from
Missouii, to all the hoirors arid anarchy which
reigned in thatill-fated Territory for several years,
all of which is too fresh in the recollection of the
American people to require repetition. And, sir,
from that day to this, the doctrine which it is
pretended was enunciated in 1854 in the Kansas-
Nebraska act, of non-intervention, of popular sov-
ereignty, or squatter sovereignty, for it is known
under various names, has been preached all over
the country, until in the election of 1860, it was
repudiated and scouted, north and south, by a
majority of the people in every State in the Union;
and even at this session, it has been thrust in here
upon almost every occasion, as the grand panacea
that was to give peace to the country; whereas it
was the very thing which gave rise to all the dif-
ficulties. The disunionists per se have seized hold
of the disturbances growing out of the slavery
auestion, all occasioned by tins fatal step in 1854,
to inflame the public mind of the South, and bring
about the state of things which now exists.
But, sir, the Union survived the disunion move-
ment of 1832; it survived the excitement upon
the slavery question in 1850; it survived the dis-
turbances in Kansas in 1855 and 1856, consequent
upon the repeal of the Missouri compromise. It
survived them all without an actual attempt at
disruption, until we came down to 1860, and Abra-
ham Lincoln was elected President; and even
now, notwithstanding the dissatisfaction at his
election in some portions of the country, and all
the previous troubles, the laws to-day would have
had force in every part of the Union, and seces-
sion would have been checked in its very origin,
had the Government done its duty and not acted
in complicity with the men who had resolved to
destroy it.
The secession movement, then,dates back sev-
eral years. It received an impetusin 1850; another
in 1854; and in 1860, by the connivance and the
assistance of the Government itself, itacquired the
strength which it now has. What has been the
policyofthe expiringAdmmistration? Its Cabinet
officers boasting of their complicitsuvith the men
who were plotting the destruction oi the Govern-
ment, openly proclaiming in the face of the world
that they had used their official power, while
members of the Cabinet, and sworn to protect
and preserve the Government, to furnish the
means for its destruction, openly acknowledging
before the world, that they had used the power
which their positions gave them, to discredit the
Government, and also to furnish arms and mu-
nitions of war to the men who were conspiring
together to assault its fortifications, and seize its
property; openly boasting that they had taken
care during their public service, to see that the
arms of the Federal Government were placed in
convenient positions for the use of those who de-
signed to employ them fonts destruction. More
than this, members while serving in the other
branch of Congress, go to the Executive of the
United States, and tell him, " Sir, we are taking
steps in South Carolina to breakup this Govern-
ment; you have forts and fortifications there;
they are but poorly manned; now, if you will
leave them in the condition they are until the
State of South Carolina gets ready to take pos-
session, we will wait until that time before we
seize them;" and the Executive of the nation
asks the treasonable proposition to be put m writ-
ing, and files it away. Why, sir, is there another
capital on the face of the globe, to which men
could come from state or province, and inform
the executive head that they were about to take
steps to seize the public property belonging to the
Government, and warn the Executive to leave it
in its insecure and undefended state until they
should be prepared to take possession, and they
be permitted to depart? Is there another capital
on the face of the globe where commissioners
com ing to the Executive under these circumstances
would not have been arrested on the spot for
treason? But your Government, if it did not di-
rectly promise not to arm its forts, certainly took
no steps to protect its public property; and this
thing went on, until a gallant officer who was in
command of less than a hundred men in the har-
bor of Charleston, acting upon his own respons-
ibility, thought proper to throw his little force
into a fort where he could protect himself; and
then it was that these insurgents, rebelling against
the Government, demanded that he should be
wilhdiawu, and the Executive then was forced to
take position. Then his Cabinet officers who had
been in conspiracy with the plotters of treason,
then the Chief Magistrate himself was forced to
take position. He must openly withdraw his
forces, and surrender the public property he was
sworn to protect, openly violate the oath he had
taken to support the Constitution of the United
States, and execute the laws, and take sides with
traitors; or else he must leave Major Anderson
where he was. Exposed to public view, brought
to this dilemma, I am glad to say that even then,
at that late day, the President of the United States
concluded to take sides for the Union; that even
then he came out, though feebly it was, on the
part of the United States, and his Secretary of
War retired from his Cabinet, not in disgrace, so
far as its executive head was concerned, for he
parted pleasantly with the President of the United
States, but he retired because the President would
not carry out the policy which he understood 10
have been agreed upon, which was to leave the
