1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
dinary remedy. Who could have imagined, sir,
that in a free Government, where diversities of
opinion are inevitable, the election of a Chief
Magistiate peacefully and by a constitutional ma-
jority, and before any act is committed or policy
is announced, should furnish an excuse for over-
turning the Government, and that Government
still the best, sir—infinitely, infinitely the best,
upon which the beneficent smiles of the Father of
mankind have ever rested? If it were possible,
sir, to look at the question in a mere partisan
light, I should complain with bitterness that our
southern brethren, by whom we have stood so
long; and so faithfully, desert us, even while we
still control the policy of the Government, while
no act of the nation is the subject of complaint,
and leave us to fight our battles alone.
But, sir, why this precipitancy? Will our
brethren of the South destroy the Governmentand
involve us all in indiscriminate ruin, without even
giving us an opportunity to consider the evils of
which they complain. Are they less interested
in its permanency than ourselves? For myself,
sir, I will sacrifice any pride of opinion to save
the Union. X should reluctantly touch the Consti-
tution—the work of the grand old master work-
men. I should reluctantly impose restrictions on
popular freedom in the Territories. I would con-
sent to it, but only to save the Confederacy. What
sacrifice would 1 not make to save it?
When I have stood, sir, upon one of those beau-
tiful hills that overhang the waters of the Ohio,
and have taken in at a glance the distant hills of
Kentucky and Ohio, and of my own native State,
descending in fertile valleys to the verge of that
noble river; and further off, the waters of the
Miami disappearing in the distance, and the whole
scene covered with farm-houses and corn fields and
green meadows and vineyards and rising villages
and prosperous towns; while the tones ofcheerful
labor, in a thousand voices, swelled up and min-
gled together, and God's blessed sunlight gilded
the whole landscape, I have thought of the dark-
ness and agony of that hour when the storm
which our unhallowed passions have been arous-
ing should sweep over the glorious prospect, a
messenger of ruin; when the sounds of industry
and the cheerful voices of childhood should no
longer float on the river, or its waves bear south-
ward the fruits of the labor of many prosperous
States; butarmed men should march upon its des-
olated borders,thesoundsof warshouldfloatunon
its waves, reddening with fraternal blood; and its
bosom, instead of the peaceful keel, should bear
the munitions of war, and the labor and hopes of
years become the prey of the spoiler. And I have
felt, sir, in my very soul, the value of tlus peace-
ful Union, and that that man who should contrib-
ute to its destruction would be, of all mortals, from
the flood to the final fire, in the sight of God, the
most guilty.
I can speak for the patriotism of my immediate
constituents; and I believe, sir, that 1 am able to
express the sentiments of the State of Indiana. I
"believe, sir, she would cheerfully sanction, as a
measure of peace, the propositionsof Judge Doug-
las, or those submitted to the country by the
committee of the border States; and I have every
reason to believe that an overwhelming majority
of her people would sustain the propositions sub-
mitted to the Senate by the Senator from Kentucky,
whose venerable years unite the past glories of
the Republic with its present dishonor. She does
not expect, sir, that this great Republic can be
preserved, except by the exercise of the justice and
wisdom and forbearance in which it was formed.
The interests involved are too great to justify the
mastery of prejudiceorpassion,orthe supremacy
of the mere pride of opinion. I believe, sir, that
she will conccde and concede and concede, and
compromise and compromise and compromise, to
preserve the blessings of a peaceful Union; that
she will go to the very verge and utmost bound-
ary of every demand which justice may make or
honor may grant. She will do more, sir. She
will entreat and implore her sister States, of the
Worth and of the South, by a remembrance of
our common origin and the ties of our common
and kindred blood; by our common mcmoiics and
our common hopes; by the graves of our fathers
and the cradles of our children; by the consider-
ation of all that we have been, of all that we are,
and of all that we may be as a nation if the bless-
ings of the Union shali continue, to forbear from
the woik of destruction. Yet, sir, she will never
consent, by her voice, by her acts, or by her si-
lence, that this Union shall be destroyed. She
will stand the more firmly by the altar of the com-
mon Union as the storms may deepen around it.
She will account that hand the hand of an enemy
that shall be raised to tear down the temple of the
Constitution. And if, sir, it shall involve her
sense of justice and honor, and no other sacrifice
will avail; if it must be, in its defense she will
command her brave and hardy sons to dare the
peril of perishing beneath its ruins.
But I cannot despair of the Republic. I would
still believe, sir, and trust in God that the heart of
the American people, North and South, though
filled with the bitterness of passion, is still de-
voted to the Union, and still glories in the flag of
our common country, though its stars grow aim
in the gathering darkness. I trust—though it
is hoping against hope—that they will still say to
the gallant ship that was launched by our fathers
on the ocean of human passions in the midst of
so many hopes and fears:
" Thou, too, on, O ship of State,
Sail on ; O Union, stiong ami great.
Humanity, witli,all its feais,
With ail the hopes of future years,
Is hanging breathless on thy fate,
In spite of rock and tempest roar,
In «;pito of false lights on the shore.
Sail on; nor fear to breast the sea;
Our hearts, our hopes, are all with thee;
Our hearts, oui hopes, our prayers, our tears,"
Our faith triumphant o'er our l'eais,
Aie all with thee—are all with thee."
May the Lord God of our fathers shield the gal-
lant old ship from the fierce waves of the impend-
ing storm.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. Mr. Chairman, I
have uniformly given my permission to gentle-
men who were notable to conclude their speech
within" the hour allowed by the rule to extend
the time. As 1 apprehend that I may not be able
to bring my rcmaiks to a close within the hour,
1 nwk that the same courtesy may be extended to
me which I have been alsvays ready to extend to
others.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. If that understand-
ing be made general, I will not object; otherwise,
I shall object.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois, So far as I am con-
cerned,.! have, in every instance, tried to make it
general.
Mr. MAYNARD. I hope there will be no
objection to the request of the gentleman from
Illinois.
Mr. CLEMENS. I trust there will not be. I
hope the committee will agree that there shall be
no Procrustean rule by which gentlemen will be
compelled to define, within one hour, their views
on the great issues now pending. I trust that, by
general consent, at least during this discussion,
each member, who has any anxiety to express his
convictions on this subject, will be allowed a rea-
sonable time beyond the hour to do it. As for
myself, I have a disposition to say something be-
fore this debate closes; and I know I can neither
do justice to myself nor the subject within the
hour. 1 hope that, under these considerations,
and for the sake of all sides, the hour rule will he
suspended for the time being at least.
Mr. BRANCH. I propose that by the unan-
imous consent of the committee, the hour rule be
abolished for this session.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I object to that.
Mr. JENKINS. I propose that, by unanimous
consent, each gentleman shall hereaftei be allowed
ten minutes beyond the hour.
The CHAIRMAN. That can only be done
by unanimous consent.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois, addressed the com-
mittee on the state of the Union. [His remarks
will be published in the Appendix.]
Mr.THOMAS obtained the floor, butyielded to
Mr. "VALLANDIGHAM, who moved that the
committee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Washburne, of Illinois,
reported that the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union had had the Union generally
under consideration, and particularly the oill mak-
ing appropriations for the support of the Army
for the year ending June 30, 1862, and had come
to no resolution thereon.
PORT OF BALTIMORE.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. I ask the unan-
imous consent of the House to take from the
Speaker's table Senate bill No. 539, to continue
in force an act therein mentioned relating to the
port of Baltimore.
The bill was read.
Mr. SICKLES. I ask that the bill may again
be read. I do not precisely understand it.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. If the gentleman
from New York will listen to me for a moment,
l ean satisfy him in relation to this bill. It is
simply to continue in force an old act .of the State
of Maryland, which has been repeatedly renewed
since 1783. It passed the Senate unanimously
this morning, and there can be no objection to it.
There being no objection, the bill was taken
up, received its several readings, and was passed.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill Mras passed; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsidcr on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
STEAMBOAT JOHN C. FREMONT.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I now desire to call up
Senate resolution No. 57, authorizing the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to permit the owners of the
steamboat John C. Fremont to change the name
of the same to that of Horizon. I will say that
the gentleman who objected this morning has
withdrawn his objection.
There being no objection, the joint resolution
was taken up, received its several readings, and
was passed.
Mr. MOORHEAD moved to reconsider the
vote by which the joint resolution was passed;
and also moved to lay the motion to reconsider
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
JOHN MOSIIIER.
Mr. LOYEJOY. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to discharge the Committee of the
Whole House from the further consideration of
House bill No. 359, for the relief of the legal
representatives of John Moshier; and that the
same be put on its passage.
The bill was read.
Mr. SICKLES objected.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I hope not. It is a bill that
ought to be passed.
Mr. SICKLES* This is no way to pass bills,
without having any report and without knowing
what they arc.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Let the report be read, then.
Mr. SICKLES. I have no objection to that. 1
will withdraw my objection, to hear the report.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I move that the
House adjourn.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I hope the gentleman will
permit this bill to be disposed of first.
Mr. YALLANDIGI-IAM. I move that the
House adjourn. There is no quorum present; and
I object to the transaction of business without.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon (at
ten minutes past four o'clock, p. m.) the House
adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, January 17, 1861.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Gurley.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
COMMITTEE SERVICE.
The VICE PRESIDENT appointed Mr. Rice
to fill the vacancy upon the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs and Militia, occasioned by the ab-
sence of Mr. Ciiesnut.
He also appointed Mr. Nicholson to fill the
vacancy on the Committee on Commerce occa-
sioned by the absence of Mr. Clay
CREDENTIALS.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a communication from the Governor of the
State of Ohio, inclosing the credentials of Hon.
Salmon P. Chase, elccted a Senator by the Le-
gislature of the State of Ohio, for the term of six
years, from the 4th of March, 1861.
The credentials were read, and placed on the
files.
Mr. FESSENDEN presented the credentials
of Hon. Lot M. Morrill, chosen by the Legis-
