1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1381
fortifications in a position that Carolina might take
them whenever she thought proper.
But, sir, notwithstanding this, the Executive of
the nation, disregarding the advice of the Lieuten-
ant General who commands the armies of the Uni-
ted States, and who had warned him months be--
fore of the movements which were taking place
to seize the pubiic property at the South, still
leaves the property unprotected; and the insur-
gents go on in some of the Statesbefore even pass-
ing ordinances of secession, and continue to seize
the public property; to capture the troops of the
United States; to take possession of its forts; to
fire into its vessels; to take down its flag; until
they have at this time in their possession fortifi-
cations which have cost this Government more
than $5,000,000, and which mount more than a
thousand guns.
All this has been done without any effort on
the part of the Government to protect the public
property; and this is the reason that secession has
made the head it has Why, sir,let me ask, is it
that the Unit^l States to-day has possession of
fort Sumter ? Can you tell me why is FortSum-
ter in possession of the United States? Because
there are a hundred soldiers in it—for no other
reason. Why is Port Moultrie in possession of
the insurgents? Because there were no men there
to protect it; and it is now matter of history that,
had the Executive done his duty, and placed a
hundred men in Fort Moultrie, a hundred in
Castle Pinckney, and a hundred in Fort Sumter,
Charleston harbor to-day would have been open,
and your revenues would have been collected
there, as elsewhere throughout the United States.
Will it be said that Carolina would have at-
tacked those forts, thus garrisoned ? She does
not attack a hundred men in Fort Sumter. It is
a wonder that she has not. The little, feeble
garrison there is well calculated to invite attack;
but this thing of secession, under the policy of
the Administration,has been made a holiday affair
in the South. This great Government, one of the
most powerful on the face of the globe, is falling
to p'ieces just from its own imbecility.
Mr. W'IGFALL. Mr. President 
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Bright.)
Does the Senator from Illinois yield the floor?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have some further ob-
servations to make. I will yield for a single ques-
tion; not for a speech.
Mr. WIG-FALL. For a single question. I
do not wish to interrupt the Senator if it is not
agreeable to him. I desire to ask a single ques-
tion.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have no objection to the
question.
Mr. WIGFALL. I understand the Senator to
object to the course that the present out-going
Administration has pursued in reference to the
forts. I know the Senator's candor, directness
of purpose, fairness, and boldness of statement;
and I desire to know whether the succeeding Ad-
ministration will pursue the same peace policy of
leaving the forts in the possession of the seceding
States, or whether they will attempt to recapture
them ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator will find out
my opinions on this subject before I conclude.
The opinions of the incoming Administration, I
trust, he will learn to-morrow from the eastern
front of the Capitol.
Mr. WIGFALL. I trust we shall, sir.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I speak for myself, without
knowing what may be said in the inaugural of to-
morrow; but I apprehend that the Senator will
learn to-moriow that we have a Government; and
that will be the beginning of the maintenance of
the Union.
Mr. WIGFALL. I hope we may.
Mr. TRUMBULL. While the forts in the
South were left thus unprotected, and to be seized
by the first comers, where was your Army ?
Scattered beyond reach, and sent to the frontiers,
soas not to bemadeavailable when it was wanted.
And where was your Navy ? The Navy of the
United States, when it was known that the seces-
sion movement was on foot, was sent to distant
seas, until there was not at the command of the
Secretary of the Navy a single vessel, except one
carrying two guns, that could enter Charleston
harbor—a small vessel destined, I believe, to take
supplies to the African squadron, which carried
two suns. Does anybody suppose this was acci-
dental ? If it weie a question of fact, to be tried
before an intelligent jury in any part of Christen-
dom, does any one iloubt that the Secretary of
War and the Secretary of the Navy would both
be convicted of having purposely, and by design,
removed the Army and the Navy out of reach,
in order that the forts might be seized, and that
the secession movement might progress ? and how
has it been from that day to this? Irresolution
and indecision on the part of the Executive.—one
day sending a vessel with troops to Charleston,
and the next countermanding the order; and the
Senator from Texas, with a taste which I cannot
admire, spoke in terms of derision of his coun-
try's flag, when it returned in disgrace—" struck
in the face," I think, was his expression—from
Charleston harbor. I admit it was disgraceful;
but I am sorry it should have afforded the Sena-
tor from Texas, a member of the Senate of the
United States, as the eloquent Senator from Ken-
tucky said he was, any pleasure that such a trans-
action should have occurred.
This, then, briefly, is the reason that this se-
cession movement has acquired the strength it
has. It is because this Government has either
favored it, or refused to do anything to check it.
Notwithstanding the mistake of 1854, the coun-
try would have survived it all, had we had a
Government to take care of and preserve it.
Now, sir, what are the remedies that are pro-
posed for the present condition of things, and what
have they been from the beginning? They have
been propositions of compromise; and Senators
have spoken of peace, and of the horrors of civil
war; and gentlemen who have contended for the
right of the people of the Territories to regulate
their own affairs, and who have been horrified at
the idea of a geographical line dividing free States
from slave States, free territory from slave terri-
tory, and who have proclaimed that the great
principle upon which the Revolution was fought
was that of the right of the people to govern them-
selves, and that it was a monstrous doctrine for
Congress to interfere in any way with its own
Territories, come forward herewith propositions
to divide the country on a geographical line; and
not only that, but to establish slavery south of
the line; and they call this the Missouri compro-
mise ! The proposition known as the Crittenden
proposition is no more like the Missouri compro-
mise than is the Government of Turkey like that
of the United States. The Missouri compromise
wasa law declaring thai in all the territory which
we had acquired from Louisiana, north of a cer-
tain line of latitude, slavery or involuntary servi-
tude should neverexist. But it said nothmgabout
the establishment of slavery south of that line.
It was a compromise made in order to admit Mis-
souri into the Union as a slave State, in 1820.
That was the consideration for the exclusion of
slavery from all the country north of 36° 30'.
Now, sir, I have no objection to the restoration
of the Missouri compromise as it stood in 1854,
when the Kansas-Nebraska bill passed; and I
have drawn up—and I intend to offer it at the
proper time as an amendment to some of  these
propositions—a clause declaring that so much of
the fourteenth section of the act to organize the
Territories of Nebraska and Kansas, approved
the 30th of May, 1854, as repeals the Missouri
compromise, and contains the little stump speech,
shall be repealed, that we may hear no more of
it, I trust, forever.
Since its authors have repudiated it, and have
come forward with a proposition to establish not
j the Missouri compromise, but to establish a geo-
| graphical line running through the territory which
i we now have, establishing slavery south of it, and
prohibiting it north, and providing that, in the
territory we may hereafter acquire, slavery shall
be established south of that line, I suppose we
shall hear no more about leaving the people "per-
: fectly free to regulate their own aftairs in their
1 own way!" The proposition known as the Crit-
tenden compromise declares liotonly that "in the
territory south of the said line of latitude, slavery
of the African race is hereby recognized as exist-
ing, and shall not bo interfered with by Congress;"
but it provides further, that, in the territory we
shall hereafter acquire south of that line, slavery
shall be recognized, and not interfered with by
Congress; but "shall be protected as property by
all the departments of the territorial government
during its continuance;"so that, if we make acqui-
sitions on the south of Territories now free, and
where, by the laws of the land, the footstep® of
slavery have never been, the moment we acquire
jurisdiction over them, the moment the stars an#
the stripes of the Republic float over those free
Territories, they carry with them African slavery,
established beyond the power of Congress, and
beyond the-power of any Territorial Legislature,
or of the people, to keep it oat; and we are told
that this is the Missouri compromise ! We are
told that slavery now exists in New Mexico ;'and
I was sorry to find even my friend from Oregon
[Mr. Baker] ready to vote for this proposition,
which establishes slavery. Why, sir, suppose
slavery does exist in New Mexico: are you for
putting a clause into your Constitution that the
people of New Mexico shall not drive it out ?
Mr. BAKER. Mr. President 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator from Illinois yield the floor?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Undoubtedly, if the Sen-
ator wishes it.
Mr. BAKER. I had hoped that my distin-
guished friend would find foemen sufficiently wor-
thy of his steel to leave me out of this little debate;
but as he mentions me, let me recall to his recol-
lection that I stated very distinctly yesterday, or
the day before, that 1 did nothing more than pro-
pose to submit to the people of the United States
a proposition for them and them alone to decide
about; that I did it because, upon the subject of
Territories, it was not a proposition to establish,
to protect, or to extend slavery; it was simply a
proposition to permit slavery to remain as it "was
and where it was; while the Territory of New
Mexico, the only Territory whose condition was
unsettled, was in process of forming a State gov-
ernment, soon I think to be happily accomplished.
I stated in the presence and hearing of the distin-
guished Senator that if, having submitted that
proposition to the people, as a citizen at the polls,
I was convinced that the border States would not
heartily accept it; or rather, if I were not convinccd
that they would heartily accept it, and that it
would restore the old good feeling and the old
good humor, I reserved to myself, in that delib-
erate public expression in the Senate, the right to
vote against that proposition, as then entirely in-
sufficient to accomplish the object that I intended.
But', allow me another word. I did say, and
subject to everybody's criticism and everybody's
reproach I will maintain, that when in my judg-
ment, and if in my judgment, conceding so much,
yielding so much, compromising so much, aban-
doning so much, would restore to this great coun-
try peace, to our Government union, and bring
us back to where we were, 1 would do it now,
to-morrow, a thousand times, and forever, though
the act would sink me into oblivion a thousand
fathoms deep. [Applause in the galleries.]
Mr. PUGH. This has been done twice this
evening. I think we had better clear the galleries.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President-
Mr. PUGH. I hope the Senator will give way.
We have had enough demonstrations in the gal-
leries, and I insist 
Mr. TRUMBULL. I presume most of that
noise was in order to hush others.
Mr. BAKER. Undoubtedly.
Mr. PUGH. I care not what it was made for.
We have had enough of it. The Senate was
brought into confusion last night; and I shall in-
sist that, upon any attempt to repeat the applause
or insult the Senate, the galleries shall be cleared.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator submit that motion?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not yield the floor
for any purpose to the Sena'torfrom Ohio.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, it is a priv-
ileged motion, if the Senator see proper to make
it; but he does not.
Mr. TRUMBCJLL. I am aware of the devo-
tion to tiie Union of the Senator from Oregon;
but I cannot agree with him m the sentiment he
has expressed in regard to this amendment of the
Constitution. He seems to suppose, that by sub-
mitting this proposition to the people, as he calls
it, when it is really to the State Legislatures, he
does not commit himself in its favor. Now, sir,
what is the Constitution ? It declares that—
"Congress, whenever two thirds of both Houses shall
deem it neeessaiy. propose amendments to this C'ou-
auution.5;
When arc they to propose them? u Whenever
