1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
425
it would be wise and expedient to continue this
arrangement to the 30th of June, 1861, and to
make the payment of a part conditional upon the
consent of the contractors to carry the whole on
this pay to that time. That was the arrangement.
Mr. GWIN. Yes, sir.
Mr. HALE. I think, then, if the Senatorfrom
California will consent, we should insert after tho
words " 1860," the words "to the 1st July, 1861."
Mr. GWIN. I agree to it.
Mr. LATHAM. I do not object to that.
Mr. HALE. I propose, then, to insert after
the words " 1860," the words "to the lstof July,
1861."
Mr. LATHAM. The objection I made docs
not go to the merits of the amendment, either as
to the sum or the contract. I have no objection
whatever to them. I think, with the Senator from
Virginia, they are perfectly correct. If the De-
partment has made this contract with Mr. Van-
derbilt, of course it will settle with him; but 1 do
not think it is proper for Congress to recognize
the peculiar services rendered by this gentleman,
by naming him in this amendment. I think the
persons ought to be left in blank; and the Depart-
ment itself can pay those who have actually ren-
dered the service.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The first ques-
tion will be on the amendment offered by the Sen-
ator from California to the amendment of the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. LATHAM. It is to strike out-the name
simply, leaving the appropriation for carrying the
mails between New York and San Francisco.
Mr. HUNTER. I wish to suggest to the Sen-
ator from California, that it is for the benefit of
his country. We are willing to go as far as we
know it to be right. What we do know is de-
rived from the Post Office Department. They
make a statement which shows it to be right to
pay this sum of money to Mr. Vanderbilt for that
period, because he did the work at their request,
upon the hope of getting an appropriation. They
have not explained any other contracts that they
may have, and we do not know how to deal with
them; and I am opposed to going any further than
they have recommended. I will vote for the
amendment as it now is, but if it is altered I shall
not. I am willing to go as far as I understand the
Department want us to go. I understand that to
be right. They promised Mr. Vanderbilt, if he
would take the nwiils, that they would recom-
mend Congress to appropriate the money; and if
he did the service well, and executed it at a much
less sum than has heretofore been paid, it seems
to me we ought to pay him as they recommend.
Mr. POLK. As I understand the amendment
offered by the Senator from California, [Mr.
Latham,] it is altogether in accordance with the
views of the Senator from Virginia, as he now
expresses them: that is, the Senator from Cali-
fornia desires that the whole service shall be paid
for, to meet the amount specified in the amend-
ment offered by the chairman of the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads, [Mr. Gwin;]
whereas, if I understand him correctly*tho Sen-
ator from Virginia opposes the amendment, so
that the sum shall go to Vanderbilt alone, when
there may be others who are equally entitled
with Vanderbilt to receive the money; and we
may have reclamation from them, and claims
presented from others for the service they may
have rendered. I shall vote for the amendment
offered by the Senator from California, because I
am willing to appropriate this amount for all the
service rendered; but I am not willing it shall
go to Mr. Vanderbilt alone and afterwards that
other persons shall come forward, who may be
equally meritorious, and as much entitled to com-
pensation as Mr. Vanderbilt is, and make claims
m addition to what we now vote. Therefore, act-
ing on the same reason—at least, as I understand
the reason presented by the Senator from Vir-
ginia—I shall vote for the amendment offered by
the Senator from California, although the Sena-
torfrom Virginia will oppose it. Itseemsto me
that we leave ourselves, by the amendment offered
by the Senator from California, m a condition in
which we pay for the service rendered, without
any opportunity to be subjected to reclamation
hereafter against us for the same service.
Mr. HUNTER. There is a misunderstanding,
either on my part or on that of the Senator from
Missouri. It may be that 1 am mistaken. I should
like, with the indulgence of the Senate, to have
that letter read again. I was interrupted by a
gentleman coming to talk with me while it was
being read, and I did not hear it all.
Mr. GWIN. If the Senator \vill permit me,
it is said expressly there that the contract was
made with Mr. Vanderbilt,
Mr. HUNTER. So I understood.
Mr. GWIN. That is my only objection to the
amendment of my colleague. The Department
have informed us that they contracted with Mr.
Vanderbilt for the entire service. If they have
led us into a mistake about it, it is not our fault.
Mr. LATHAM. Conceding what gentlemen
say to be true, and they may be right about it—
I cannotgainsayit—if theamendment isadopted,
as I want it to be, the money goes, of course, to
this gentleman, if it turns out that the contract
has been made with him. Now, I know it as a
a fact, that it is utterly impossible for Mr. Van-
derbilt to carry the mail from San Francisco to
New York. His line only extends from New
York to Aspinwall. I know, further—I have not
got the documents showing it in my possession
now, but I can have them during the day—that
the mail on the other side during the whole of the
time for which payment is to be made, was car-
ried on steamships belonging to the Pacific Mail
Steamship Company, and could only get across
the Isthmus by being carried by the Panama Rail-
road Company. I propose to strike out his name,
and leave the amendment so that the Department
itself can adjudicate this matter. If fie alone has
made a contract, the Department will pay him.
But as it is now, whether he has performed the
service or not, whether there is a contract with
others or not, the amount of money has to go into
his hands; and if other persons have performed
the service, if the Pacific Mail Steamship Com-
pany and the Panama Railroad Company have
performed the service, they may have a claim
against the Government, or they may be com-
pelled to proceed against Mr. Vanderbilt to get
their proportion of it.
As I said at first, 1 do not think Mr. Vander-
bilt ought to be dignified by the insertion of his
name here, as though he were tho only man who
could carry the mail between New York and San
Francisco. When the Government failed to make
the appropriation last year to carry this mail, he
put his foot down, and compelled the Postmaster
General and the President of tho United States to
come to him and humiliatingly beg of him to carry
the mail matter. He had a mere link in the chain
of communication, and thus had the Government
in his power. If he has gone and made this con-
tract so that he has the whole matter in his power,
I presume, probably, the Post Office Department
and the Government may be compelled to settle
with him. However that may be, it matters not.
I know that the Panama Railroad Company and
the Pacific Mail Steamship Company were will-
ing to carry the mail without any contract, rely-
ing solely and alone upon the honor of Congress
to make an appropriation to pay them. I know
the Pacific Mail Steamship Company, as I said
before, brought the mail down on the other side
after the expiration of the old contract, and at
Panama it lay over, and Mr. Vanderbilt refused
to bring it on this side to New York. Now, you
propose to dignify him, and appropriate all this
sum of money to him, as though he was the only
man who rendered service to my State or to the
country. I protest against it. I say that no in-
justice is done to him by my amendment; but if
the contract was made with him, I presume the
Department will settle with him.
Mr. HUNTER. I would suggest to the Sen-
ator from California, that I think he made a mis-
take in the amendment. The $350,000, according
to the estimate of the Postmaster General, included
$100,000 to the Panama company, and $250,000
is for Mr. Vanderbilt. He gets at the rate of
§250,000 a year. The $100,000 goes to the Pan-
ama company, by agreement. We are not asked
to appropriate for that. It is paid under the old
law, as I understand the letter.
Mr. LATHAM. That shows exactly what 1
have been arguing, that the only thing proper for
Congress to do is to appropriate so much money
for carrying the mail between the two points, and
let the Department adjudicate to whom it shallgo.
Mr. POLK. 1 ask the Senator from Califor-
nia, who offers this amendment, whether the
amount mentioned in his amendment covers the
whole claim for carrying the mail betwixt New-
York and San Francisco, or whether it is only
such amount as Mr. Vanderbilt claims to be
entitled to?
Mr. GWIN. I have but lately taken charge
of tho Post Office Committee, on account of the
former chairman of the committee having ceased
to act; and therefore I am not fully informed as
to all these details. I just stepped in as the esti-
mate was handed to me from the Finance Com-
mittee. I have no objection to the amendment of
my colleague. Perhaps it is better to havo it in
that way. There may be some difficulty in this
matter, unless we put it in that shape. For inT
stance, the Senator from Virginia makes a sug-
gestion in regard to the $100,000 to the Panama
Railroad Company. I think the amendment of
my colleague had better ba adopted. The item
was sent to me in the form in which I offered it;
but I accept the modification—that is, to pay the
§350,000—and leave out all names.
Mr. POLK. What I want to get at is one
other fact, which I will ask the Senator from Cal-
ifornia; and that is, whether the $350,000 covers
the whole.
Mr. GWIN. Yes, that is all we appropriate.
Mr. HUNTER. I understand the @350,000
covers $100,000 to the Panama company and
$250,000 to Mr. Vanderbilt. That is the sum
stated in the letter.
Mr. POLK. Then, of course, Mr. Vanaer-
bilt's name ought not to be there.
The amendment of Mr. Latham to the amend-
ment was agreed to; and the question recurred
upon the amendment, as amended.
Mr. COLLAMER. I desire the amendment
as amended to be read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
For carrying the mails from New York, via Panama, to
San Francisco, three times a month, from the 1st of July,
1800, at the rate of $350,000 per annum, from which sum
shall be deducted the amount received for postages on said
route, and the Postmaster General is iiereby authorized to
contract for carrying the mails in the manner aforesaid
until the 30th of June next, at the same rate of compensa-
tion, and so much money is hereby appropriated out of the
Treasuiy of the United States as may be necessary to carry
out the said contract.
Mr. HALE. There was an amendment which
I proposed, and which was assented to by the
mover.
Mr. GWIN. Yes, sir; I agree to that, and it
ousht to be inserted.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment of the Senator from New Hampshire is to
insert after the words " the 1st of July, 1860,"
" to the 1st of July, 1861."
Mr. HALE. That is it.
The amendment, as amended, was agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I am instructed
by the Committee on Public Lands to offer the
following amendment: *
For compensation of the clerks, and for office rent, fuel, '
&c., in the land office at Kickapoo, Kansas, $12,857 92, in
accordance with section seven of the act making appropri-
ations for the civil expenses of the Government, approved
August 18,1856.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendments made as in Committee of the
Whole concurred in,and ordered to be engrossed;
and the bill was ordered to bo read a third time.
It-was read the third time, and passed.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Hays, Chief Clerk, announced that the
House had passed the following bill and joint
resolution; in which the concurrence of the Sen-
ate was requested:
A bill (No. 341) for the relief ofMoses Meeker;
and
A joint resolution (No. 62) for the benefit of
George H. Giddings.
The message further announced that the House
had ordered this day the printing of the following
documents:
Letter from the Secretary of War ad interim,
transmitting an additional estimate for expenses
in the suppression of Indian hostilities in New-
Mexico—ordered at twelve o'clock and five min-
utes.
Letter from the Secretary of War ad interim,
transmitting a statement of appropriations appli-
cable to tho service the of War Department for the
