1386
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
Britain had emancipated the Jews, I rejoiced,
though of another faith; when I heard that the
Emperor of Russia, upon his throne, had issued
his edict to free his serfs, 1 rejoiced; and so feel-
ing for degraded classes everywhere, I desire, I
will, I wish, I join my hope and my prayer with
all good men everywhere, for the elevation of
masses of men. But, sir, a citizen of a free Gov-
ernment, of a Confederation of States, of a united
Government under a constitutional Union, I feel
that my desire for the elevation of masses of men,
of whatever creed, or race, or color, or kind, is to
be limited by other conditions of government and
race. I am of the white race, and I love their in-
terests and their honor best. I live in a Govern-
ment, a Union, a constitutional Union. I believe
that Union to be the safest, surest guarantee of
freedom, and I abide by it and all its compro-
mises. Nay, more, sir; if, to preserve it, it be ne-
cessary to make other compromises within rea-
son, within honor, within dignity, upon right and
truth, I will do it. I feel in my heart to-night that
to preserve the Union by whatever of compromise
an honorable man may ask or an honorable man
agree to, is to do the best service to masses of men,
to liberty, to constitutional government every-
where in the world.
Now, sir, I believe I have said all that I de-
sired to say upon this subject. I recapitulate but
for a moment. If I am asked at home or else-
where if I have in any respect changed my opin-
ion, I will say, yes. 1 do believe now it is neces-
sary to preserve the Union by yielding, conceding,
compromising, a little more than I believed a year
ago. I would have done it to preserve the Union
then, and I will do it to preserve the Union now.
Again: I desire it to be remembered that when I
compromise, I compromise nothing to treason. I
yield to President Davis, sitting upon a throne
which he has assumed, nothing; to the rebellion
of South Carolina, nothing; and to her floating
oatteries, if it were possible, less than nothing.
But to the States yet loyal, yet fraternal, with all
the loving blood ofthe Union still gushing through
their veins, 1 will yield much, if it be required;
and"? rejoice to-night that, in the judgment ofgood
and wise men, so little will do.
Now, Mr. President, as tins Congress is about
to adjourn, I say in fear, in a just, I trust not
otherwise than a magnanimous fear, that if no step
is taken, and nothing is done, the man does not
live to-night who can with any safety predict the
consequences before we meet again. If those peo-
ple in South Carolina, mad, rebellious, furious,
proud, attack Fort Sumter, and arc defeated, who
can tell the consequences? Shall we reinforce it?
Shall we abandon it? If we«io, who can tell the
shame ? There are grave events upon either hand.
But if, instead of that blow which the gentleman
from Texas spoke of so exultingly, yet, in my
opinion, with such bad taste; if, instead of that
blow staggering, it had felled us, who then could
have told the consequences? If blood is shed to-
morrow or next week, who can predict or determ-
ine the end ? God alone, who sees the end from
the beginning, can judge and determine that. It
is for that reason that" 1 do fear; and if to-night
my word, my invocation for peace, my desire for
conciliation, will add anything to the judgment of
the Senate, I shall sit down not only content, but
proud and happy.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Mr. President, I have lis-
tened to the patriotic speech of the Senator from
Oregon with a great deal of pleasure. It is in
such contrast with the mere political speeches
which we had been compelled on this Sabbath day
to listen to, that I was rejoiced that a change had
taken place in the debate. I shall not allow my-
self to be provoked into a reply to that portion of
the speech of my colleague which consisted in
an assault upon my conduct in connection with
the Kansas-Nebraska bill. It is an old story. I
replied to that speech six years ago, when he first
made it. [Laughter.] I have replied to it several
times since, when he has delivered it here and on
the stump, but I am under no obligation to reply
to it every time he repeats it, and especially on
the Sabbath day. [Laughter.]
In regard to the other portion of his speech, it
related to a family matter connected with the other
side of the Chamber, with which I have no dis-
position to interfere. I have no interest in the
conflict that is supposed to be going on with a
view to driving men out and driving men into cab-
inets; and therefore I shall not engage in the de-
bate. I was in hopes that controversy would not
have been brought into the Senate; and especially
I was in hopes that my colleague had confidence
enough in the President elect to believe that he
would mark out his own policy without being told
to-night, before delivering his.inaugural, what he
should say. It was evidently the purpose to give
us to understand either that he was_ delivering it,
or going to hint what it would be. ' The rumors
that float about to-night, in regard to unsettling
the Cabinet, may make it appropriate that this
night,which had been designedfor business should
be devoted to that purpose.
But I rise no w to ask that we may stop all polit-
ical debate and have a vote on those measures that
are before us; and first, the joint resolution from
the House of Representatives, Let the amend-
ments be withdrawn, and a vote taken on it as it
came to the Senate. Then let us take up the re-
port of the peace conference, and have a vote for
it or against it, without debate; and then take up
the proposition of the Senator from Kentucky, and
have a vote fororagainst;t,withoutdebate. Then
let us take up the resolution reported from the
minority of the select committee in regard to a
national convention, and vote for or against it. I
know there are Senators who wish to vote on each
of these questions. Let us have a vote upon each
of them. Let every Senator vote his sentiments,
but not consume the whole night, weary out the
session by this by-play of amendments, that wiil
prevent a test vote upon any one of the questions.
I rise, therefore, to appeal to the Senate to let us
have a vote. The speeches that are being made
are not upon the merits of the propositions that
are before us; and really, when we adjourned yes-
Mwday to meet on the Sabbath day, I had no
scruples about it, if it was for the purpose of act-
ing upon measures affecting the peace of the coun-
try and the perpetuity of the Union; but I would
not have consented to an adjournment to meet to-
day, merely to hear political harangues that have
been delivered so often upon the stump, and better
become the stump than the Senate Chamber; and
I do hope, therefore, we shall have a vote.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I do not purpose to make
a speech. My purpose is to ask permission to
modify the language of the amendment which I
introduced, so as to make it shorter than it was
before. I am perfectly willing to come to a vote
on it directly. I ask leave to make a modifica-
tion of my own amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Bright
in thechair.) The Senator has that right. There
has been no vote on his amendment, and he can
modify it. The amendment, as modified, will be
read.
The Secretary read it:
Insert, an additional article, the following :
Under this Constitution, as originally adopted, and as it
now exists, no State has power to withdraw Irom the juris
diction ol the United States ; but this Constitution, and all
laws passed m pursuance of its delegated powers, are the
supreme Jaw of the land, anything contained m any eon
Ftitution, oulinance, or act or* any cjtate, to the coutiaiy
notwithsto^ding.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That is offered,
as the Chair understands, as an amendment to the
amendment proposed by the Senator from Ohio,
[Mr. Pucn.]
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Yes, sir; and upon that
I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I.desire to say that I shall
vote against the amendment without reference to
its merits, tor the reason that any amendment will
defeat the proposition.
Mr. BAKER. Certainly.
Mr. PtJGII. Is the question upon the propo-
sition of the Senator from Wisconsin ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Yes, sir.
Mr. PUGH. So far as the latter branch of that
amendment is concerned, it is already in the Con-
stitution; and this addition, if it were put in, would
be of no possible service. As to the first part, I
am sorry to say that, rightfully or wrongfully,
some of the States have withdrawn; and I think
we had better devise ways and means to get them
back, than to be simply adjudicating on the right-
fulness or wrongfulness of their proceedings. 1
am not going to speak to the question at large;
for 1 recollect that when I did ask the indulgence
of the Senate on this subject—when I rose to
speak—theie were thirty-three States in the Union;
and before the conclusion of my speech, one of
them had withdrawn. We are told that another
has gone out since our last sitting. I have heard
enough to-night to know that all Our action now is
in vain. We may record our votes; but after the
announcement given by the Senator from Illinois
[Mr. Trumbull,] as to the policy of the incom-
ing Administration, for one, I put the responsi-
bility on them. I shall vote against this amend-
ment, because I conceive that it is for no purpose
except to embarrass the friends of peace.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I do not desire to take up
a moment of the time of the Senate, I am willing
to come directly to a vote on the proposition. I
will only say, however, this: that in all these
propositions," the thing sought is a Union of the
States; and before we vote for any of these prop-
ositions, I wish to have it distinctly understood,
that in voting for them, we vote for a Union of
the States. Unless we are to have a Union, what
is the use of talking about compromising to obtain
the benefits of a Union? I shall not go into a
speech. If the compromise measures proposed
by the honorable Senator from Ohio are to be
adopted; if concessions upon both sides are to be
made; if the Breckinridge platform is to be put into
the Constitution of the country , to operate in ter-
ritory below 36° 30', and the Chicago platform put
in to operate north of 36° 30', and we agree to that
for the purpose of saving the Union, let us know
that we are going to have a Union when it is done.
That is the object of the amendment which I now
propose.
Mr. PUGH. Will the Senator allow me to
ask him a question ? I will ask him whether he
will vote for my proposition if his amendment is
added to it? I think that will test the object.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. As to the original reso-
lution, to which yours is offered as an amend-
ment, if my amendment were added, I incline to
think that I should vote for it.
Mr. PUGH. If added to the amendment?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. If added to the original
resolution to which your amendment is offered.
Mr. PUGH The Senator does not answer
my question. If added to the Crittenden propo-
sition, would he vote for that? If not, we can
see the object.
Mr. DCiOLITTLE. If my amendment fails
upon this, and the Crittenden proposition fails, I
shall offer it as an amendment to the original res-
olution from the House of Representatives.
Mr. HALE. I simply rise not to make a speech,
but to second the appeal made by the Senator
from Illinois [Mr. Douglas] that we have a vote.
I want it soon, because he has appealed to the
piety of the Senate against breaking the Sabbath
day, and in twenty minutes that appeal will lose
its force, and the spirit of gab will go unchecked.
[Laughter.]
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Wiscon-
sin to the amendment of the Senator from Ohio.
Mr. HEMPHILL. I beg to say that, in the
position which Texas has probably assumed, 1
had not intended to vote on any of these questions
in relation to compromise or amendments to the
Constitution of the United States; but as this is
a question in relation to the right of a State to
withdraw from the Union, I shall vote against the
amendment.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I merely wish
to say that, in voting on these amendments, I do
not intend to commit myself for or against any of
them; but 1 shall vote against all amendments,,
for reasons that it is unnecessary to consume time
in explaining.
Mr. SUMNER. On these questions, until
twelve o'clock to-night, I have paired with the
Senator from Missouri, not now in his seat, [Mr.
Polk.] If I voted, I should vote " yea;" but, as
I have paired, I must decline to vote.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Without any reference
whatever to the merits of the amendment, I vote
against it; because I want to come to a simple
vote on the mam question.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 18, nays 28; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. tiingham, Cliandlei, Clark, Collamor,
Doolittle, Duikee, Festenden, Foot, Climes, Hale, Har-
lan, King, Morrill, Simmons, Trumbull, Wade, Wilkinson,
and Wil>on—18.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Baker, Bayard, Bigier, Brajg,
Bright, Cameion. Cnngman, Crittenden, Dixon, DouLidn,
Foster, Gwin, Hemphill, Hunter, Johnson Ql' Tennessee,
