428
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 17,
supersede the necessity of action upon the amend-
ment proposed by the Senator from Oregon; but
that of the Senator from Oregon being first pro-
posed, is first in order, and must first be acted
upon.
Mr. GREEN. I suggest to the Senator from
Louisiana that at the proper time he change his
proposed amendment, and say that the money
consideration or the bonds shall not apply to any
State through which any part of the road shall
pass. I do it for two reasons. The southern road
passes through Texas; a portion of the central
road passes through Kansas; and the probability
is that Kansas will be a State before this road can
be built. I want to be just to all; and therefore,
when he proposes his amendment, I should like
him to so frame it that the money grant shall
apply to no State through which the road shall
Mr. BENJAMIN. I am perfectly willing to
accept (hat suggestion, and would have offered the
amendmentin that shape but that the course which
the Senate has pursued hitherto has been so to
amend the first section of the bill, which contains
the principles on which the measure is based, as
to determine the whole theory of the bill itself;
and when we have got this first section so amended
as to suit the Senate, put into such shape that it
can pass the Senate, then wo can make the like
amendments to the other sections. But I am per-
fectly willing now to adopt the suggestion of the
Senator from Missouri. I think, if my friend
from Oregon will permit me to say so, that the vote
ought to be taken on my proposition before his;
because, if the Senate refuse to go into the State
of California at all with this grant of money, it is
obvious that his amendment will have no appli-
cation. If ho will withhold his amendmentfora
moment, to see whether the Senate adopts the
principle which I suggest, if mine is voted down,
then his comes in properly.
Mr. LANE. 1 propose to do that in a moment,
after a word or two of explanation, with a view
of testing the sense of the Senate on that subject.
My own opinion has always been that this Gov-
ernment has no power,under the Constitution, to
make roads in the States, except where they are
nccessary for the defense of the country; and I
am inclined to think that if a road can be made in
any State where it will over be necessary for the
defense of the country, it is m the Pacific States—
California and Oregon; and especially in Oregon,
if this road goes to California. As I understand
the provisions of this bill, the whole amount of the
securities issued by the Government for making
the road will be repaid, or the Government will
bo reimbursed by service rendered in the trans-
portation of troops, supplies, and the United
States mails. No portion of the road ever could
be used so-necessary for these purposes, as the
portion that I desire to provide for Dctwccn the
Sacramento river and Oregon. If war should
ensue, and supplies should be necessary in Cali-
fornia, no portion of America can produce wheat
in such abundance; in no place could flour be
bought so cheap, as in Oregon. This day the
wheat crop of last year, and half the crop of the
year before, is still on hand.
Then, sir, if a road of this kind can be built
with a view to the defense of the country, this
branch is necessary—this portion of the road is
important to the Government, and will enable it
to protect the frontiers of that portion of ourcoun-
try adjoining the British possessions. In the
event of a war with any foreign country, it would
be very necessary; and I will say to the Senate
that I could only vote for a bill appropriating
money to make a road within a State upon the
ground that it was necessary for the defense of
the country. That is the ground I have always
put tins on; it is the ground I stand on now;fmd
if gentlemen can satisfy me that it will not be ne-
cessary for the defense of the country, I cannot
vote for this bill, nor even for the amendment
which I have offered.
I know that the distinguished Senator from
Mississippi, [Mr. Dams,] for whose opinions I
have great respect, and whom I look upon as
sound as any man in the nation on this question,
regarded a railroad t,o the Pacific States as neces-
sary for the public defense; and he caused sur-
veys of the various routes to be made with a view
to the defense of the country. I am not aware,
however, that he, at any time, ever stood ready
to vote an appropriation of money for making a
railroad within a State.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I will inform the Senator
from\)regon, that he always made that objection,
and alVays confined himself to the Territories
where v)jg owned the land.
Mr. LANE. That meets my own views pre-
cisely. It has always been my opinion that we
had not the right to do it, except for the defense
of the country.
Mr.GWIN. But the Senator from Mississippi
also contended that the power existed within a
State, if it was necessary for military purposes;
and he gave the very instance I did, that you
could builiF'a railroad from the Mississippi river
to the forts which protected its mouth.
Mr. LANE. I think there can bo no doubt
about that. If a road was necessary for the de-
fense of the country. Congress would clearly have
the right to make it, as it would to make any
provision nccessary for the defense of the coun-
try. I am not quite certain about this matter. I
would like my mind, my conscience especially,
to be easy on the subject; but I say, if it is right,
if it is proper for the defense of the country to
build a railroad into California and to San Fran-
cisco, then certainly it would be right and proper
and necessary to extend it on to a portion of our
country which is very much more exposed than
California; and it was, indeed, with the view to the
defense of the country that I proposed this amend-
ment—with a view of furnishing supplies, with a
view of affording facilities for the transportation
of troops, and everything else necessary for the
defense of the country. On that ground my
amendment rests; and if it is the sense of the Sen-
ate that they have the power to make the road
into California to the Sacramento valley, certainly
they have the power and it is their duty to ex-
tend it on to Portland, in Oregon. At any rate, if
the road goes to San Francisco, or to the naviga-
ble waters of the Sacramento river, it ought to be
extended to Portland, and my amendment ought
to come in; but 1 am willing to withdraw it for
the moment, so as to afford the Senator from Lou-
isiana an opportunity to test the sense of the Sen-
ate upon his amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Oregon withdrawing his amendment for the
time being, the question recurs on the amendment
proposed by the Senator from Louisiana.
Mr. GREEN. I have but one word to say on
that. I shall vote for it; for the principle is clearly
rig^t; and I should like the Senator from Oregon
to remember that there is a vast difference between
a work necessary for the public defense, and a
work convenient for the public defense. I admit
that his proposed road would be convenient for
the public defense, and there is not a railroad in
the United States but what is convenient for the
public defense. It subserves a useful purpose in
time of war; but what do we understand by " ne-
cessary r'' Are we to understand that everything
that is merely convenient and accommodating,
and can subserve some useful purpose, is a neces-
sary thing to the public service ? I do not so un-
derstand it, and will not so vote. I will vote for
a great main trunk line through the Territories of
the United States; for I regard that as necessary,
not merely convenient, but indispensable; and I
justify my course because it is an indispensable
necessity. But when I come to the border of a
State, and vote alarge portion of the public lands
to assist the State in the construction of the road,
it is enough. It is as much as Illinois, Indiana,
or Ohio, or any other State has had; and it is as
much as I would give to California to construct
this main trunk road; and the ordinary course
of human events will make the links; and if it
does not, the proximity will enable troops and
munitions to bo transported with so much facility,
ease, and speed, as to disprove the necessity, and
to show that it is not a necessary means of de-
fense, but it would be a convenient moans. My
only purpose was to explain the difference be-
tween " necessary," as understood under the
Constitution, and " convenient."
Mr. DOUGLAS. Mr. President, if the amend-
ment proposed by the Senator from Louisiana
shall be adopted, we may just as well abandon
the bill. I suppose it will utterly annihilate the
bill. The southern road certainly will be worth
nothing if all that portion of it which lies within
the State of Texas is to be stricken out, and you
are to begin it at the El Paso on the Rio Grande,
eight hundred miles from navigable water or from
any railroad communications.
Mr. LATHAM. Will my friend allow me to
interrupt him right here ? While the Senator from
Louisiana was arguing, I made a calculation of
that which, under the amendment, the southern
route would get. It would get just §15,000,000,
instead of $36,000,000, if his amendment bs
adopted.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I have no earthly objection
to its only getting $5,000,000, if that is constitu-
tional, and $15,000,000 is unconstitutional.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Then if the idea of the Sen-
ator from Missouri, which I understand to be ac-
quiesced in by the Senator from Louisiana, shall
be adopted, that Kansas is to be exempt from
this grant, too, inasmuch as she is about to become
a State, and that no money is to be advanced for
the construction of the road in any State, although
it may be a Territory now, if it becomcs a State
before the road is completed, I take itforgrantcd
we shall never have a road at all. It is equivalent
to an abandonment of the whole project; and T
would therefore just as soon vote against any bill
and every bill for a road, as to vote to recognize
the principle asserted by the Senator from Louis-
iana.
I have been accustomed to hear a great deal
about a distinction in the powers of Congress
between a State and a Territory, and I have heard
it so long, and from so many, that sometimes I
have rather acquiesced in the idea myself, as if it
was really true; but I have never yet found the
Senator who has pointed out the distinction be-
tween the powers of Congress over the States and
its powers over the Territories. Congress has
certain delegated powers; they are enumerated:
to coin money; to support armies; to collect rev-
enues; to maintain navies. Each one of them
applies alike to the States and to the Territories.
I do not know what power you have to make a
road in a Territory, more than in a State. If we
have the power to make this road, I suppose it is
on the ground that it is necessary to the military
defense. I believe it has always been put on the
ground that it was necessary to the defense of
the country, and the right to defend the country
applies in the States as well as it does in the Ter-
ritories. The right to build a fort or to establish
dock-yards or navy-yards, or to do any other act
essential to the public defense, applies everywhere
under the Constitution. Hence, if you are going
to make this road under the military power, that
power is coextensive with the country covered by
the Constitution. If you are going to make the
road under the commercial power, that power is
coextensive with the Constitution. If you are
going to make the road under the postal power,
that power, also, is coextensive with the Repub-
lic. I care not under what power you are going
to make this road, it must be by virtue of one of
the delegated powers in the Constitution, and
each one of those delegated powers applies to
States and to Territories alike. Therefore I do
not see where this distinction is. Congress has
no powers except those which are delegated; and
each delegated power applies to every foot of
American soil, whether it be in a State or in a
Territory, or in the District of Columbia. We
have no right to appropriate money to make a
road at all, unless it is embraced by one of these
delegated powers. 1 support it because it is ne-
cessary for the military defense. It is convenient
to commerce; it is convenient for the transporta-
tion of the mail; but I believe it is essential to
the military defense; and whether you put it un-
der the one or the other of these powers, it applies
alike to the whole country; it is the same in the
States as in the Territories; but the necessity is
not the same in the old States as it is in the new
States and Territories. I say, then, that unless
we can recognize our right to make this road as
necessary to the public defense, and that power
is applicable to States the same as the Territories,
we may as well abandon the wholeprojectat once.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Mr. President, the line of
argument suggested by the honorable Senator
from Illinois surprises me somewhat. It brings
up the old question, to be sure, to a certain ex-
tent, of the power of Congress ill the Territories;
and yet, to the extent to which the Senator's lan-
guage would go, I am satisfied he himself would
not for a moment maintain it. He begins by
