430
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 17,
territorial Governors, and to pay the other ex-
penses growing out of the government instituted
' in the Territories. That does not reach the ques-
tion whether your military power is any greater
in a Territory than it is in a State; it does not
reach thequestion whether your commercial power
is any larger in a Territory than it is in a State,
or whether your postal power is any larger in a
Territory than in a State. "Whatever you do in
a Territory you do under the power to admit new
States, ana as incidental to it. The other clause,
which has been so often quoted, that Congress
may make all needful rules and regulations con-
cerning the territory or other property belonging
to the United States applies to States as well as
to Territories, It is under that clause that you
sell your public lands, not only in Kansas, but in
Illinois; not only in New Mexico, but in Louis-
iana. The military power applies to States and
Territories alike; the commercial power applies
to States and Territories alike; the Post Office
power applies to all alike; and so does each other
delegated power in the Constitution, if you ex-
cept the one for the admission of new States; and
that of course is to be exercised upon the partic-
ular locality where the new State is situated.
Hence, I think the Senator from Louisiana has
failed in his attempt to show that you have any
more power to make a road in a Territory than
you have in a State. Where do you get it?
Where does he get the right to make a military
road anywhere, unless it is under the war power?
If he gets it under the war power, it applies to
Territories as well as to States. The war power
applies everywhere within the dominion of Amer-
ica; and I do not see on what rule or construction
he is going to get any larger powers to be exer-
cised by the Federal Government in a Territory
than he finds in a State, unless he can point mc
to the clause of the Constitution conferring those
enlarged powers.
Mr. .BENJAMIN. Will the Senator permit
me a word?
Mr. DOUGLAS. Certainly.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I have either misunder-
stood him, or he has misunderstood me. I cer-
tainly did not say, or did not intend to argue, that
Congress had any larger powers in the Territo-
ries than 111 the States in relation to military affairs
andcommercial regulations; because,in those mat-
ters, the States have expressly delegated power
to Congress in the States; but I had understood
the Senator to say, in his first remarks, that there
was no difference between the powers of Con-
gress in the Territories and in the States, not con-
fining it to the question of those powers expressly
delegated.
Mr. DOUGLAS. On the contrary, I said, so
far as the delegated powers in the Constitution
were concerned, they applied to Territories as
well as to States, because they are general, with-
out any exception of locality. I alluded to them,
and recited them. The power to raise revenue
applies to States and Territories alike. The power
to coin money applies everywhere within our ju-
risdiction. So of the power to establish rules of
naturalization; to provide punishment for coun-
terfeiting the coin of the United States; to pro-
mote the useful arts and sciences; to constitute
tribunals inferior to the Supreme Court; to pun-
ish piracies and other felonies. So of the power
to ilcclarewar; to raise and support armies; to
maintain navies; and so of each one of the del-
egated powers. They are all general, and apply
everywhere within the United States of America,
whether in States or Territories or the District of
Columbia. I want the Senator to show wherein
he gets greater power in a Territory than in a
State, and that, too, with reference to the making
of a road.
The Senator from Louisiana admits our power
under the Constitution to make a railroad through
the Territories; but he denies the existence of that
power in a State. Now, where does he get the
Eower to make a railroad in a Territory? That
o admits, but where does he get it? He must
get it under the war power, or under the com-
mercial power, or under the postal power, or
under some one of the other specific grants of the
Constitution. Under which one of these grants
does he obtain the power to make a railway in a
Territory? If he will show me the grant that
authorizes him to make a railroad m a Territory,
I will show him that that same grant authorizes
him to make one in a State. The grant, as I have
heretofore said, applies everywhere throughout
America, in States and Territories alike. I deny
that this Federal Government can exercise any
powers in the Territories, except those contained
in the grants of the Constitution. The only one
of those grants which authorizes Congress to do
things in a Territory that it cannot do in a State,
is the one that provides for the admission of new
States, and certainly he is not going to make a
railroad under the authority to admit new States.
I then submit that we have to assume that this
railroad is necessary to the public defense, or to
the execution of some one of the delegated powers
in the Constitution, or otherwise we have no right
to make it. And here I may be permitted to re-
mind the Senator from Louisiana, that this is not
a bill to make a Pacific railway. The bill does
not propose to appropriate money to make a road.
It is a bill to authorize contracts to be made for
the transportation of troops, munitions of war,
Navy supplies, and mail matter of the Govern-
ment. I suppose we have a right to contract for
the transportation of munitions of war as well in
a State as in a Territory. It often happens that
when we make a contract for Government trans-
portation, we require the mode of conveyance to
be specified in the contract. From the very be-
ginning of this Government, it was our custom,
when we had no railroads, no steamboats, to
make a contract for the transportation of the mails,
specifying that they should be carried in four-
horse post-coaches, with a certain description of
boot for protection. Nobody denied that we had
a right to make a contract for the transportation
of the mail from Richmond to Washington city,
through the State of Virginia, requiring the con-
tractor to perform the service with four-horse
conches, and to furnish his own coaches and his
own horses. So we makeacontract for the trans-
portation of the mails from Mobile to New Or-
leans,or from New Yoik to Panama, and thence
to San Francisco, by steamers built in a particular
form and of a particular model, and of a certain
amount of tonnage, for which we pay so much.
When we make a contract with Mr. Aspinwall,
or with Mr. Marshall O. Roberts, or Mr. George
Law, or any other of the steamboat men, we are
not making a contract for the construction of
.steamers, but making a contract for the transport-
ation of the mails by steamers of a particular
model, and thccontractor furnishes his own steam-
ers. So this bill provides for the making of a
contract for the transportation of the United States
mails from the western border of Missouri and
Texas to the Pacific coast, by railroad, the con-
tractors furnishing their own road. This is a
mere contract for transportation; and in the con-
tract we provide that the transportation shall be
done in a particular manner, and by a particular
$ind of conveyance.
This is not a new principle in our Government.
I have shown that in the mail service it has ex-
isted from the beginning of the Government to
this day. In all your contracts for carrying the
mail by steamers, you have prescribed the model
of the steamer. Nor is that provision of this bill
which advances money to enable the contractors
to make the road, a novel principle m the con-
tracts of this Government, in your contracts for
the transportation of the mails upon the sea, you
have been in the habit of making appropriations
in advance to enable the contractors to construct
the vessels in which the mails are to be carried.
Here, too, you make your contract for transport-
ation through a period of a quarter of a century;
you pay so much for the performance of this
transportation, and you pay in advance, so as to
enable the contractor to comply with the contract.
It involves the same principle that was in the con-
tract with Mr. Collins for carrying the mails to
Europe; the same principle that was in the con-
tract with the Pacific Steamship Company, owned
by Aspinwall and his associates; the same prin-
ciple that was in your Panama railroad contract,
and in all your steam contracts. It involves the
same principle which lias been in every mail con-
tract, from the beginning of this Government to
this day, where you specified the kind of vehicle
in which the mail was to be transported, and
made an advance of means to enable the contractor
to comply with his contract, by getting his coaches
or other modes of conveyance.
I did not intend, sir, to be drawn into the dis-
cussion of any constitutional question on this bill,
nor did I intend to discuss the merits of the bill-
itself. My position in regard to the Pacific rail-
road question has been known for many years.
Probably no Senator has devoted more time and
thought and effort to securing a Pacific railroad
than I have. I was willing to allow others to
shape this bill, and give a silent vote for it; but
when I found an amendment offered by the Sen-
ator from Louisiana, so plausible that it might
gain support, and yet which, if adopted, would
destroy the bill itself, and defeat every Pacific
railroad bill, I felt bound to expose what I thought
was an error in respect to the powers of this
Government. There seems to be a strange im-
pression abroad that this Government, which has
but a few specified powers, so far as the States
are concerned, is omnipotent in the Territories
of the United States. I deny the omnipotence of
the Federal power either in States or Territories.
This Federal Government has those powers, and
those only, which are delegated to it in the Con-
stitution; and I repeat again, that the powers
delegated apply to the States and Territories alike;
and you have no more right to interfere with the
domestic concerns of the people, or with their
roads, or with their local institutions of any kind
in a Territory than you have in a State, unless you
can point out the clause of the Constitution which
confers that power. I apprehend that you can
find no special clause that authorizes you to make
a railroad in aTerritory and denies you power to
do it in a State of this Union.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I merely desire to say that
I refrain from continuing this discussion, because
I do not wish to appear to defer the passage of this
bill by entering on extraneous discussion. At
the same time, I must say that I do not agree with
the Senator from Illinois in what he has just said.
I will, however, waive any reply to him.
Mr. GREEN. When I made the suggestion
to the Senator from Louisiana, it was made to
apply to California, or to apply to Texas, or any-
other State that may be formed before the bill
takes effect. 1 thought I was accurate; nor did
I, by that suggestion, intend to express any opin-
ion on the propriety of the proposition itself. I
will now, however, say that I consider it very
proper and very right. When the Senator from
Illinois says that this principle has been acted upon •
by the Government in making advance payments
for the construction of steamships of the Collins
line, the George Law line, and the Aspinwall line,
he is entirely mistaken. Every advance payment
made in the case was as an adjunct to the Navy,
and it was in the Navy bill; and I venture the
assertion within his hearing, that he cannot point
to a single^pstance in which a quarter of a dollar
has ever been paid to any mail contractor in ad-
vance to buy coaches or to build steamers, or to
devise any other mode of conveyance. He is
entirely mistaken. At the time the system was
inaugurated for the construction of mail steamers,
they were considered a part of the Navy, and
they were to be inspected by naval officers and
commanded by naval officers, and so arranged
that, on a few days'notice, the upper decks could
be removed and an armanent placed upon them,
and they be made useful in defense of the coun-
try as a branch of the naval power; and U was
with reference to the building up of a Navy, not
for postal service, that any advance was ever
made. He has forgotten the whole history of the
transaction. He has forgotten how it was inaugu-
rated on the application of Mr. Thomas Butler
King. On his suggestion, it was first inaugurated
as a branch of the Navy, and not as a means for
the transportation of the mails; and there has not
been, from 1789 down to the year 1861, this pres-
ent speaking, a case where one single dollar has
ever been advanced to a mail contractor under
any circumstances as such. The duty of carry-
ing the mail has been recognized, and compensa-
tion provided when they did carry it: that has
followed, and that has been the consequence.
This case is of a peculiar character; and I jus-
tify a vote for the railroad upon the principle that
it is necessary for the public defense. Just to the
extent, therefore, that it is necessary, I am justi-
fied; and where that necessity stops, I am not jus-
tified. If a proposition were made to construct a
road from the city of Washington to the city of
San Francisco, I could not vote forit. Why? The
necessity does not exist for a large portion of the
