1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1391
the pending proposition. I had no such design.
It never occurred to me. It was to repel that,
that I rose.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I must assure the Senator
from Ohio that I certainly did not intend any act
or word of unkindness to him; and when he stated
that he understood me as saying that there was
collusion between him and the Senator from Vir-
ginia, I promptly rose, and said I did not mean
any such thing. "What I said was, that the Sen-
ator from Virginia was gratified that the thing
was done, and it came in antagonism with the
House resolution. Now, I wish, in order to ex-
clude all misapprehension by the Senator, to state
emphatically, that I requested him notWo offer
any amendment, of any kind, to the House prop-
osition, instead of advising it, as might be inferred
from his remarks.
Mr. PUGH. I did not say the Senator advised
me; but his course drove me to it.
Mr. DOUGLAS. But I want to know if I did
not request the Senator not to offer any amend-
ment?
Mr. PUGH. Certainly; and I made answer to
the Senator to-night, that it was not in my power
to withdraw it; it took unanimous consent; and
I should not have done it if I could have had that
consent.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I merely asked that, in order
that there should be no misapprehension as to my
course, growing out of the Senator's remarks. I
am as anxious as the Senator from Ohio to have
a vote on the Crittenden proposition. I believe
a vote 011 it will do good; but we want a vote of
all the friends of the measure when we do vote on
it. A vote in the mode proposed by the Senator
from Ohio .will do injury instead of good, because
it will enable our opponents to say that the meas-
ure is weaker than it really is. Does the Sena-
tor from Ohio expect a test vote on the Critten-
den proposition when Mr. Chittenden votes
against it?
Mr. PUGH. I cannot command anybody's
vote but my own. Those who vote against it
must stand on their own reasons.
Mr. DOUGLAS. That shows that no man, in
fairness and candoi, can pretend that the vote on
this amendment is a test vote on the Crittenden
proposition, when the Senator from Kentucky
himself feels bound to vote against it in this con-
nection, though he is anxious for a direct vote;
when the Senator from Pennsylvania feels bound
to do the same thing; when I feel bound to do the
same thing. When the three Senators that my
fiiend from Ohio says he has been following m a
course of compromise all winter feel bound to re-
sist this amendment, he ought to consider that it
is not getting a fair vote on the proposition when
he relies on enemies, instead of friends, to vote
with him on the proposition.
Mr. PUGH. What enemies?
Mr. DOUGLAS. Men who are, I suppose,
opposed to compromise. The Senator has said
that if the Crittenden proposition could have been
passed early in the session, it would have saved
all the States, except South Carolina. I firmly
believe it would. While the Crittenden propo-
sition was not in accordance with my cherished
views, I avowed my readiness and eagerness to
accept it, in older to save the Union, if we could_
unite upon it. No man has labored harder than
I have to get it passed. I can confirm the Sena-
tor's declaration, that Senator Davis himself,
when on the committee of thirteen, was ready, at
all times, to compromise on the Crittenden prop-
osition. 1 will go further, and say that Mr.
Toombs was also. Having said that much, I do
not think these facts furnish any reason why we
should not take the resolution of the House of
Representatives, being all we can now get, when
this, of itself, will do much good. This is a part
of the Crittenden proposition; it is not all; but it
is a very important part; and I must say to my
friend from Ohio, that I am sorry to see him will-
ing to sacrifice a great measure, involving the
peace of this country, upon a question as to the
purity of the Q,ueen's English. I think that the
safety of this country is paramount to any word
in the English language. Sir, I am not willing to
saciifice substance to style,and particularly when
I am not satisfied that his amendment improves
either the style or the grammar of the proposition.
The Senator from Virginia has told us that the
territorial question was the great one; thai the
apprehension of the South that the North were
going to interfere with slavery in the States was
a mere bagatelle; that the territorial question was
the great one.
Mr. MASON, Will the Senator allow me ? I
am sure the Senator does not intend to mis-
state 
Mr. DOUGLAS. Certainly not.
Mr. MASON. I certainly did not say that the
apprehension that, at a future day, they might
interfere with slavery in the States was a baga-
telle. I never said that. I said that that was an
apprehension, but a remote one. The apprehen-
sion was, that if the free States increased rapidly,
and the slave States not at all, the day might
come, with the spirit that pervaded the anti-sla-
very party, when they would avail themselves of
their numerical power to abolish slavery in the
States; but it was remote. I said the most prom-
inent grievance was as to territory.
Mr. DOUGLAS. The Senator did not use the
word "bagatelle;" but he treated it as a small
affair, and quoted the Chicago platform to prove
that the Republican party did not entertain any
such intention. Now, I want to call the attention
of that Senator and the Senate to the fact that
some things have occurred this session which
ought to allay his apprehensions on the territorial
question. For more than twelve years that Sen-
ator and myself have stood side by side in this
Chamber resisting the attempt to prohibit slavery
in the Territories by act of Congress. The great
issue with the South has been that they would not
submit to the Wilmot proviso. The Republican
party affirmed the doctrine that Congress must
and could prohibit slavery in the Territories. The
issue for ten years was between non-intervention
on the part of Congress and prohibition by Con-
gress. Up to two years ago, neither the Senator
from Virginia, nor any other southern Senator,
desired affirmative legislation to protect slavery.
Even up to this day, not one of them has proposed
affirmative legislation to protect it. Whenever
the question has come up, they have decided that
affirmative legislation to protect it was unneces-
sary; and hence, all that the South required on the
territorial question was " hands off; slavery shall
not be prohibited by act of Congress." Now,
what do we find? This very session, in view of
the perils which surround the country, the Re-
publican party, in both Houses of Congress, by
a unanimous vote, have backed down from their
platform and abandoned the doctrine of congres-
sional prohibition. This very week three terri-
torial bills have been passed through both Houses
of Congress without the Wilmot proviso, and no
man proposed to enact it; not even one man on
the other side of the Chamber would rise and pro-
pose the Wilmot proviso. In organizing three
Territories, two of them south of the very line
where they imposed the Wilmot proviso twelve
years ago, no one on the other side of the Cham-
ber proposed it. They have abandoned the doc-
trine of the President elect upon that point. He
said, and it is on record, that he had voted for the
Wilmot proviso forty-two times, and would do it
forty-two times more if he ever had a chance.
Not one of his followers this year voted for it
once. The Senator fiom New York, [Mr. Sew-
ard,] the embodiment of the party, sat quietly
and did not propose it. What more? Last year
we were told that the slave code of New Mexico
was to be repealed. I denounced the attempted in-
terference. The House of Representatives passed
the bill, but the bill remains on your table; no one
Republican member has proposed to take it up
and pass it. Practically, therefore, the Chicago
platform is abandoned; the Philadelphia platform
is abandoned; the whole doctrine for which the
Republican party contended as to the Territories
is abandoned, surrendered, given up; non-inter-
vention is substituted in its place.
Then, when we find that, on the territorial ques-
tion, the Republican party, by a unanimous vote,
have surrendered to the South all they ask, the
territorial question ought to be considered pretty
well settled. The only question left was that of
the States; and after having abandoned their ag-
gressive policy as to the Territories, a portion of
them are willing to unite with us, and deprive
themselves of the power to do it ill the States. I
submit, that these two great facts—these start-
ling, tremendous facts—that they have abandoned
their aggressive policy in the Territories, and are
willing to give guarantees in the States, ought to
be accepted as an evidence of a salutary change
in public opinion at the North. AH I would ask
now of the Republican party is, that-they -would
insert in the Constitution the same principle that
they have carried out practically in the territorial
bills for Colorado, Dakotjv, and Nevada, by de-
priving Congress of the power hereafter to do
what there cannot be a man of them found will-
ing to do this year; but we cannot ask them to
back down too much. I think they have done
quite as much within one year, within three
months after they have elected a President, as
could be expected.
Mr. BAKER. Will the honorable gentleman
allow me one moment?
Mr. DOUGLAS. Certainly.
Mr. BAKER. In order to make the confes-
sion and concession on all sides more complete,
I desire to suggest (and being a little of apopular-
sovereignty man, it comes gracefully from me)
that others of us have backed down, too, from
the idea that Congress has not the power to pro-
hibit slavery in the Territories; and we are pro-
posing—some of us in the Crittenden proposi-
tion, and some in the amendment now before the
Senate—to prohibit slavery by the Constitution
itself in the Territories; and therefore it is kindly,
and generous, and frank, and open on all sides;
and I hope it will be done. [Laughter.]
Mr. DOUGLAS. I take great pleasure in re-
plying to the Senator from Oregon. Certainly he
ought to have been able to see a difference-in
importance and dignity between an argument
against my personal consistency and the course
of the Republican party and its effects on the
peace of the country. 1 was not making a ques-
tion of personal consistency against the Senator
from Oregon nor any other Senator.
Mr. BAKER Allow me a moment. I did not
mean that, in the slightest degree. It would spoil
the good humor of the debate, and it was not my
intention to do that. I wanted to show that on
all sides circumstances do change men's conduct.
But I will take it all back, and say I believe all he
says on the other side, and I believe all I say on
this. [Laughter.]
Mr. DOUGLAS. Then, Mr. President, I accept
!he explanation with a great deal of pleasure. I
think as circumstances change, the action of pub-
lic men ought to change in a corresponding degree.
I have been one of those, and am now, who think
that under the Constitution as it is, Congress
ought not to attempt to exercise the power to in-
terfere with slavery anywhere in the Territories;
and I believe the best amendment that can be made
to the Constitution, is to say that Congress shall
have no power to interfere with slavery anywhere
or in any case, except to return fugitive slaves,
and to suppress the African slave trade; but I am
willing to depart from my cherished theory, by
an amendment to the Constitution by which we
shall settle this question on the principles pre-
scribed in the resolutions of the Senator from
Kentucky. But, sir, I am not arguingas to matters
that affect myself; I am calling the attention of
the country to the fact, that the two'great points
in controversy can be now acted on m a manner
that will allay all just apprehensions of the south-
ern people, the Republicans having abandoned
the field on the territorial question, and being
willing to give guarantees forslavery in the States.
I think we ought to be satisfied with that until we
can go to the people and procure proper consti-
tutional amendments to make the security per-
manent, and I have only called attention to the
territorial question forthatpurpose,not to arraign
any man on the other side of the Chamber. I
think it was an act of patriotism in them to re-
frain from pushing their doctrine on that question
when its effect would have been to disturb the
peace of the country. Therefore, instead ofarraign-
lng them, I express my approbation and gratifi-
cation at the course they have thought it their
duty to pursue in abandoning the Wilmot proviso
as applicable to the Territories.
Mr. MORRILL. 1 suppose, Mr. President,
after what has transpired in the last half hour, it
will not be considered irreverent, at least for Sen-
ators upon this side of the Chamber, to approach
this question. I have looked on with very great
unconcern upon what has taken place upon the
other side of the Chamber in the last hour, and I
am entirely unconcerned now, so long as the con-
