1392
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2.
test seems to be confined to the Senators on that
side of the Chamber. If they choose to indulge
in the administration of what are usually called
placebos to themselves, it is very well; 1 do not
object; but when the honorable Senator from Illi-
nois significantly shakes his locks in this direc-
tion and threatens the administration of his bread
pills m this quarter* I have a right to be heard,
and I do object.
My judgment is, that this whole business of the
administration of bread pills to this nation has
been ruinous to its peace and its prospeiity; and
when Senators who have been engaged in this piil
business in the last six years propose to admin-
ister them to me here in these last hours of the
session, I propose to object to the practice alto-
gether;. I propose to inquire whether it is legiti-
mate or quack practice, before I submit.
Now, sir, we are standing here in extraordi-
nary times. We are standing here at the close
of six years of fearful, terrible slavery agitation,
such as this country never saw; and it all comes,
allow me to tell Senators, fioni this trifling in
bread pills. This practice began six years ago.
Senators undertook to administer to the nation
here what they said was a great pill, perfectly
harmless, only intended to set a principle right,
which would not harm anybody; and from that
hour to this, you have had nothing but strife,
nothing but agitation, to end now, perhaps, in a
dissolution of the Union; and still, men go on
proposing bread pills to the end; and when we
resist, we are to be admonished, catechised, our
motives impugned. For one, I do not propose
to submit to the administration of these pills 
Mr. DOUGLAS. What does the Senator
allude to, thai I have said r
Mr. MGIIRILL. 1 will endeavor to inform
the Senator as I progress.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Because, if 1 have made
allusion to him in anyway, i am not aware of it.
1 merely want to know what it is.
Mr. MORRILL. I am not complainingof any
personal allusions at all.
Sir, a new policy began six years ago on the
slavery question, ending as it does, progressing
as everybody knows it lias done. When it began,
the nation protested against it. The southern-
States united upon it*they became instantly Dem-
ocratic. The agitauon has gone on, and six, nay,
seven of these Democratic States, under Demo-
cratic administration, say they are out of the
Union. Gentlemen upon the other side of the
Chamber stand here and wrangle over a dissolved
Union; agree upon nothing; propose nothing
that is notiejoctcu instantly; and then ft own upon
us, and threaten us with exposure to the country
if we do not swallow more of these new tins t rums.
Seven States already out on this new slavery
policy; the rest of the slavcholdmg States trem-
bling m the balance; and we are told on this side
of the Chamber, that, whetherthey stay or not,
depends altogether upon us! Vou have admin-
istered this Government for the 'last six years.
Senators upon this side of the Chamber have been
poweiles-s. They have had no power to do more
than to remonstrate and to protest, and that they
have doneatevery stage of the proceedings. This
policy, begun m 1854, has culminated m ltfGl,
carrying six States—nay, seven, already out of
the Union; and now, m the last expiring hours of
this Congress, we are told that we must submit
to a little more of the same sort of practice.
The venerable Senator from Kentucky has his
proposition for a remedy; the honorable Senator
from Virginia has his method of treatment; the
honorable Senator from Illinois has his; and upon
this side of the Chamber, unless we lie supinely
down and take these nostrums as they are put to
us, we are threatened, and we, it is hinted, are to
be charged with the dissolution of the Union!
Mr. President, I should like to know, in the his-
tory of the last six years, what Senators upon
this side of the Chamber, or those whom they
represent, ha\e done, that they aie to be charge'd
with the public disasters and the public disorders?
It is said heie that the southern States have an
appiehension of insccmity for the institution of
slavery in the States. Is that apprehension well
founded? Senators upon the oihcr side of the
Chamber agree thnt no party in the North has at
any tune, dofs now, or tlneatens hereafter, to
establish a policy or claims the right to interfere
with slavery m the States at all. There is no con-
siderable body of men in the North anywhere who
hold to the doctrine that Congress has any power
whatever on the subject of slavery in the States.
Then, I ask, why are we called upon in these
declining hours of the session to propose to the
northern people to amend the Constitution so that
Congress shall not have the power to do what
everybody agrees Congress has not power to do
now? Why, says the Senator from Illinois, that
is a bread pill; that is for the distempered minds
of the South. Although the Senator from Illinois
tells you that no body of men in the North main-
tain that Congress has that power, still, if I un-
derstand the force of the argument, it is that the
southern mind entertains the belief that the North
have such a purpose; and therefore, to reconcile
the southern mind, this resolution is necessary.
Well, Mr. President, all I have to say in re-
gard to that is this: if the men and the public
press which, m the last six years, have so indus-
triously misrepresented the North upon this sub-
ject, will tell the South precisely the truth—what
we cannot tell them, that thei e is no such purpose
in the North—then, of course, the proposed amend-
ment to the Constitution is not necessary. No
party in the North entertains any purpose of a
crusade against slavery in the slave States; no
party whatever, in any of the free States, enter-
tains any such purpose at all. Nobody pretends
that Congress has any such power, or that it in-
tends to exercise any such power; and therefore,
the Senator from Virginia very properly replies:
" It adds nothing; it takes nothing away." When
you have done it, you have done nothing; you
have only said that Congress shall have no power
to do what everybody admits Congress has no
power to do.
But, Mr. President, need Senators be told that
this is by no means the difficulty in the case ? Does
anybody pretend that a measure of this sort is
calculated to give any relief? The peace congress,
having been m session here the last three or four
weeks, reported to this Congress. Do they in-
form Congicss that this measure will be satisfac-
tory ? The measure upon your table, reported by
the peacc congress, is like that of Mr. Critten-
pen, in all essential particulars. The peace con-
ference reported to you no such proposition as
this. The States represented in the peace congress
have not given this Congress to understand that
any such proposition as this would be likely to
restore order in those States. Why, then, here
in these last hours of this Congress, is this ques-
tion foicedupon the consideration of the Senate?
But, Mi. President, I do not intend to address
myself very much to this proposition. This is not
the main proposition before the Senate. If I
understand the proposition now before the Senate,
it is the amendment offered by the Senator from
Ohio [Mr. Pugii) as a substitute for the resolu-
tion of the House of Representatives; and to that
I desire to call the attention of the Senate for a
single moment. The first article of that proposi-
tion reads as follows:
Tn all the loiritoiyof the United Stafr?. now held oi
hen-alter required, situate north oflattludo 36° 30', slavery
oi mvolmiltuy servitude, except us a punishment toi crime,
is piolnbited while Mich teintoiy shall remain under teru-
tou.il icovemment. In all the temloiy i-outU ofniul ot'
latitude «lavety ot the Aluean race is iieieby rticoi^nized as
exir>tin<5.
In the discussion of this question by the Sena-
tor from Kentucky, he proceeds entirely upon the
i ground that the whole difficulty between the North
and the South at the present time is in regard to
the Teiritory of New Mexico. " Settle that and
you settle all," he says. If that were so, there is
really no question between the North and the
South; for i am not aware of any purpose any-
where in the North to disturb the settlement al-
ready made in regard to New Mexico. I under-
stand that the question of slavery in the Territory
of New Mexico was settled by the policy of 1850.
I understand that the party now coming into
power have at no time threatened to disturb it; I
do not understand that it is their purpose to dis-
turb it; and hence it is as thoroughly settled and
as perfectly settled as it can be if you pass the
propositions of the honorable Senator from Ken-
tucky.
But, Mr. President, when Senators upon this
side of the Chamber express their dissent from
the propositions of the Senator from Kentucky, j
is it true that we are standing upon mere straws? j
Here is a proposition to amend the fundamental !i
lawofthecountry. And how? To settle theques-
tion of slavery in the Territory of New Mexico?
By no means; but it is a proposition which con-
templates the acquisition of territory below 3fio
30'; and which is to incorporate into that instru-
ment a recognition of slavery of the African race.
That is the real objection to this proposition.
It is to change entirely the fundamental law of
the land m regard to slavery. Nobody pretends
that the Constitution now, in express terms, what-
ever may be the implication, contains a recogni-
tion of slavery. Here, under this proposition of
the Senator from Kentucky, slavery in terms,
"slavcijj of the African race" is to be introduced
into this Constitution; and it is this part of the
proposition that Senators upon this side of the
Chamber must strenuously protest against.
As we are appealed to, 1 would like to call the
attention of the Senate for a moment to the atti-
tude of Virginia. The State of Virginia under-
takes to mediate upon this question. The State
of Virginia has invited the other States into con-
ference for the purpose of pacification. Now,
what is the attitude of Virginia ? Her position
has been distinctly taken, if L understand it aright,
and certainly is not misunderstood. When she
sent herpropositionfor pacification to the Senate,
she distinctly stated her demand; and what was
it? Substantially the Crittenden proposition.
That, she said, would pacify her, and upon that
proposition she proposed to pacify the country.
The peace conference met, and Virginia with it.
Having stated her proposition to the country for
pacification, how has she borne herself? The
honorable Senator from that State has told you
repeatedly, and has told the country, that she in-
tended to maintain an armed intervention between
the Government and the States in rebellion against
the Government of this country; that she had
raised money; that she had armed her people, and
that, until it was known whether the non-slave-
holdmg States would accept the proposition she
intended to put to them, she meant to maintain
the attitude of armed intervention between the
Government of this country and the States in
revolt.
Mr. MASON. Will the Senator allow me to
ask him to which of the Senators from Virginia
he ascribes that statement?
Mr. MORRILL. I ascribe the statement, that
Virginia had raised arms and money, to the Sen-
ator now upon the floor.
Mr. MASON. That is not all that the Sena-
tor stated.
Mr. MORRILL. I did not undertake to state
all.
Mr. MASON. I understood the Senator to
say that one of the Senators from Virginia had
stated here that Virginia had armed herself in
order to maintain an armed intervention.
Mr. MORRILL. I did not mean to ascribe
that. I meant to say 
Mr. MASON. The Senator will allow me one
moment, in all kindness.
Mr. MORRILL. Certainly.
Mr. MASON. "What I did say was, accord-
ing to my rccolleetion, certainly the facts are,
that Virginia, twelve months ago, appropriated
$500,000 to ann her people against anti-slavery
•aggression; and at this session of the Legislature,
a month ago or more, she appropriated $1,000,000
more to aim her people against anti-slavery ag-
gression; but I said nothing about an armed m-
tei \ ention.
Mr. MORRILL. I did not intend to ascribe
to the Senator anything more than that Virginia
had raised money and had armed her people.
What I said in regard to armed intervention, I got
from another quarter. The fact I do not under-
stand to be denied anywhere, and the factl under-
stand to be a matter of very general notoriety in
the country, that the attitude of Virginia to-day
is one of armed intervention between the Govern-
ment of this country and the States in revolt; that
Virginia intends to stand upon that attitude until
she knows whether the North will take the prop-
osition she proposes. I do not understand that
there is any doubt about her position, that she
intends to stand between the Government and the
Stales that are in revolt, m case of coercion or the
enforcement of the laws.
Now, Mr. President, I submit whether, un;W
such circumstances, Senators upon the other side
of the Chamber can properly urge upon our con-
