432
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 17.
Mr. PUGH. The Senator will recollect that
road was not made from public money. It was
made with money that was obtained by a stipu-
lation with the new States that they should not
tax the land of the Government in the hands of
purchasers.
Mr. GREEN. - A portion of it was; but not
all. Through Maryland none of that applies.
My friend fromOhio is mistaken in that. Through
Virginia none of it applies; but through Ohio and
Indiana it does apply; and he is correct.
Mr. PUGH. My friend is mistaken. It was
supported in the ease of Ohio and other new
States on the ground that a certain proportion of
the proceeds of the lands sold within her limits
should be applied in Virginia and Maryland to
make the road to Ohio.
Mr. GREEN. I am aware of that. They did
not confine themselves to that. They made other
large appropriations out of the Treasury gener-
ally.
Mr. PUGH. They were vetoed.
Mr.GREEN. They were subsequently passed;
and it was, in fact, done just as I have stated,
until the Government got tired of the concern,
threw it up, and surrendered it to the States. In
the Territories we have made many roads. I think
we made one in Florida. I think we are making
one now in New Mexico. Wc made one across
the South Pass. 1 think we are making one west
of Minnesota. We have made a number in the
Territories. It is a common thing. And why?
Because those Territories arc subject to the juris-
diction and control of the federal authority, and
nobody else. We therefore seek to protect them,
and promote settlement, and devise means of com-
munication; and we make roads, build bridges,
build court-houses, build State-houses, none of
which things we dare undertake to do in the
States.
Mr. PUGH. I do not propose to engage in this
debate at any length, at least. The Senator from
Louisiana anticipated me in oflbiing this amend-
ment. 1 anticipated him with a like amendment
some years ago. There is not a shred of novelty
in this question. It was debated by the ablest
men the country has seen for thirty years. Mr.
Jefferson's influence was strong enough during
his presidential term to prevent any bill of this
character forinternal improvements within a State
being passed. They were passed in Mr. Madi-
son's time, and he vetoed them. They were
passed m Monroe's time, and he vetoed them.
They were passed again m the time of John Gtiuncy
Adams. They were attempted in the time of An-
drew Jackson, and he vetoed them; and Jackson's
veto message of the Maysvillc road has been a
part of the platform of the Democratic party from
that day to this. Now, sir, two years ago 1 read
a sentence from that veto, in whibh General Jack-
son recited the substance of Mr. Madison's veto:
" Regarding the bill as asserting a power in flic Federal
Government to construet roads ami canals within the limit*
 f a State in which they were made, he [Mr. Madison J ob-
jected to Us passage ou'ihc ground ol' its unconstitution-
ality, declaring that the assent ol the respective Slates, m
tho mode provided by the bills, could not conlerthe povvei
in question."
Now, it is not even protended we have the
consent of California, nor the consent of Texas;
but, in the ease of the Maysvillc road, it was pro-
posed that Kentucky should consent:
"That the only eases in which the consent and cession
of particular Slates can extend the power of Congiess, are
thos e specified and provided for in the Constitution; ami
superadding to these avowals his opinion, that a lesuietion
ol the power to' provide for the common defense and gene-
ral welfare' to cases which are to be provided for by the
expenditure of money, would still leave within the lesris-
lauve power of Congiess all the great and most important
measures of Government, money being the ordinary and
necessary means of carrying thein into execution."
Now, says General Jackson:
"I have not been able to consider these declarations in
any other point of view than as a concession that the right
of appropriation is not limited by the power to carry into
effect the measure for which tho money is asked, as was
formerly contended."
I regard that as a conclusive answer to the
whole argument mode by the Senator from Illi-
nois. He may succeed in proving possibly that
it is unconstitutional to make this road in a Ter-
ritory; but he has ccrtuinly failed to prove that it
is constitutional within the States. If the amend-
ment of the Senator from Louisiana be voted
down, I shall not merely vote fbi thy amendment
of .lie Senator fiom Oiegon, but I shall \ote to
extend it into the State of Missouri. Let us bring
it to the city of St. Louis. Where is the argu-
ment for making a road in the State of California
that is not good in the State of Missouri? If she
cannot make the road from her border to the city
of San Francisco, why not assist Missouri to
make it from the western border of Missouri to
the city of St. Louis? Why not assist Iowa to
make it through her limits, and through the limits
of Illinois, until you reach the city of Chicago?
Or, if necessary, why not make it to the city of
Washington ?
Oh, gentlemen'say, the road cannot be made.
If it cannot be made according to the Constitution,
let it never be made. If it be of the high and
mighty importance that you say, amend the Con-
stitution so as to have tne power to make it. Do
not attempt, under the argument of necessity, to
put down not merely all the safeguards of power,
and all the rights of the States, but to overrule
what I said was Democratic doctrine, contended
for by the fathers for thirty years, and supposed
to have been settled for thirty years more.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I have only a word to say,
in reply to my friend from Ohio. I think he will
find it very difficult to prove that there is anything
in this bill departing from the doctrine of our
fathers, and especially from the doctrine of any
of General Jackson's veto messages. As I have
before said, this bill is not a measure to make a
road. It is a contract for transportation with par-
ties who will carry the Government supplies,
mails, and munitions of war, by railroad. It is
merely a contract for transportation, not for con-
struction. Certainly he will not deny that the
right of transportation exists in States as well as
in Territories. It is true, it will be necessary for
the contractors to make the road before they can
carry the mails and Army supplies upon it, just
as it is necessary for a contractor to build a steam-
boat before he con carry those supplies by boat;
just as it is necessary for a mail contractor to
make his coach before he can transport the mails,
in four-horse post coaches; and yet the contract
is for transportation, and not for the construction
of a work.
Again, the objection to making internal im-
provements within the States by the Federal Gov-
ernment has been that the right to construct and
to use it carried with it the right of exercising
jurisdiction over it, and thereby excluded the juris-
diction of the State by assuming it in the hands
of the Fedeial Government. There is nothing of
that kind in this bill. The jurisdiction remains
under the local authority. The,road, when made,
is under the local law, and local authority. It is
managed underlocallawandlocalauthority. The
only authority the Government holds over it is
in regard to transportation. Hence it does not
violate any one principle laid down irf the most
dfcngent veto message that General Jackson ever
made upon the subject of internal improvements.
I have had occasion to say, in former times, that
I indorsed every one of the limitations that Gen-
eral Jackson imposed upon the power of Congress
over infernal improvements. If I were to make*
a dissenting opinion from those of that great pa-
triot, it would be that he carried the doctrine of
the Federal Government over making internal im-
provements to a greater extent than I should be
willing to vote. He did not carry his restrictions
and limitations on the power far enough.
But gentlemen are arguing here against the
right of making the road within a State. 1 ask
them to show me, first, what power there is in a
Territory that does not exist in a State, so far as
this bill is concerned? 1 have not heard anyone
answer that proposition. Will gentlemen tell me
—they all concede the power in the Territory—
under what clause in the Constitution they get
that principle ? If they tell me, under the military
power, then that applies to the States as well as
to the Territories. If they tell me, under the post
office power, that applies to the States as well as
the Territories. If they tell me, under the naval
power, that applies to the States as well as the
Territories. I fit be under the power of commerce,
that applies to the Territories and States alike.
Under which power is it that they are going to
carry on this transportation nr the Territories ?
Whenever they designate that, I will tell them
which power enables you to carry it on m the
States. It will not do to tell me that we are de-
parting from the doctrines of the fathers, without
showing what the doctrine of the fathers was, and
wherein this departure takes place.
But my friend from Ohio said he was going to
propose to extend this contract through Missouri,
through Illinois, and through the other States, if
we allow it to go into California. Well, sir, if
there is the same necessity in Missouri and Illi-
nois and the other States that there is in Cali-
fornia, I will vote for his proposition. If there is
astern necessity from the Missouri river to the
Pacific ocean, and there is no such necessity on
this side of the Missouri river, I do not see how
he is going to justify his amendment. Merely
because you have the power to do a thing, is no
reason why you should do it, unless there is a
necessity for the exercise of the power. We may
have the power to make contracts to an unlimited
extent; but it would be a great abuse if we should
make contracts where there is no necessity, and
thus squander the public money. We may abuse
the rightful exercise of power; I am speaking of
the powers that we legitimately have, properly
and rightfully executed. Hence, I merely repeat,
without going into the discussion, that, in my
opinion, no Senator has shown any authority in
a Territory, so far as this bill is concerned, that
does not exist in a State wherever the necessity
exists.
I shall not go into the argument of the Senator
from Missouri, in regard to the powers of a Ter-
ritorial Legislature on other subjects. I discuss
them when they come properly before us. I did
not intend to raise the question how far this Fed-
eral Government had power over domestic ques-
tions in aTerritory. it is well known that T hold
the Federal Government has no power in a Ter-
ritory over a domestic question that it has not in
a State. That does not show that this Govern-
ment has power over domestic subjects in the
States; but, on the contrary, the absence of the
power in the Territories. I shall not go in to that
question now. It is enough for me in this con-
nection, first, to show that this is a question of a
contract for transportation, and not a question of
construction of internal improvement; secondly,
that the right of transportation exists in States
as well as in Territories, and it ought to be exer-
cised if necessary; and thirdly, that the necessity
does exist from the Missouri river westward, and
does not exist eastward.
Mr. PUGH. The Senator from Illinois is mis-
taken in his assertion, that the only question
relative to internal improvements in the times of
Madison, Monroe, and Jackson, was in regard to
the legal jurisdiction within the States, it was
tried in both forms, and in both forms those
fathers of the Democratic party repudiated it. He
is mistaken also, in saying that this is any more
a contract for the transportation of the mails or
the transportation of supplies than the Maysville
road bill. That proposed that Congress should
subscribe for a certain amount of stock on condi-
tion, 1 think, that they would carry troops a«nd
munitions free forever. That was the best sort of
a contract. If this be a contract for carrying the
mail, why do you give the alternate sections of
land within a certain distance? Why give them
so much per mile of the road ? Why not so much
per mile for carrying? Every Senator knows that
this is a mere deceit; that it is a mere pretext; that
the Government now has its mails carried; that
the Government now has its troops and all its
munitions of war transported to the Pacific; that
we have never had any difficulty on the subject;
that there is no necessity shown for a perpetual
appropriation, indefinite in its character; and
therefore, with due respect to my friend from Illi-
nois and my friend from California, nobody is
deceived by this. It is to build a road, and noth-
ing else; and as they have no means of paying
back the moneys which you give, you give them
to the day of judgment to pay it back in the trans-
portation of troops and public property; and you
have a mortgage on the road which, as my friend
fiom North Carolina has shown, will before-
closed and become due somewhere about tho after-
noon of the day of judgment.
Now, we unclerstand we are giving this money
to the Pacific Railroad. The Senator fiom Illi-
nois asks me wheieabouts I find the power m the
Constitution to build a road in the Territories. I
have not answered the question; and if he presses
me, I will acknowledge, if it were a new question
I would say there is none. But while you may
