THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Sixth Congress, 2d Session.
MONDAY, MARCH 4, 1861.
New Series No* 88.
sideration such propositions as these. I main-
tain that the attitude of Virginia in this respect,
is one of* menace to the nation; that while she
offers us a proposition, she stands upon her arms
to see that that proposition is accepted.
So far as this proposition is concerned, of course
I shall vote against it. I understand that it would
subvert the Constitution of the United States; I
understand that it is an essential change of the
wholespirit of the Constitution. I understand that
it would be an entire subversion of the theory of
the Government, and would incorporate into the
Constitution a principle entirely foreign, and for
that reason, of course I should vote against it. I
have not the slightest objection to come to a vote
at once upon the proposition which the Senator
from Illinois seems so desirous to vote upon, and
I do not suppose that Senators upon this side of
the Chamber have the slightest objection to vote
upon it at once; and therefore I shall not occupy
more of the time of the Senate.
Mr. WADE. Mr. President, I do not propose
■at this hour of the night to occupy the Senateat any
considerable length; but as I took occasion very
early in this session, and at a very early period of
•this controversy, to define my position, I have
risen now more to say that I remain of the same
mind that I did then, than for any other purpose
whatever.
it is very true that this nation is in the midst
of a great and unusual revolution, anomalous in
its character, and one of which I believe history
gives us no account. We have all read of revo-
lutions arising from the fact that the people were
oppressed and trampled under foot, beneath the
power of tyrants, and have risen and exerted their
strength in order to relieve themselves from that
•condition; but this revolution is entirely of a new
character. Here has been no act of oppression.
On the other hand, those that have risen against
this Government without any provocation, with-
out any oppression, without any assignable and
(intelligent cause, liave done it not to establish
freedom, not to vindicate and assert the rights of
man, as we have seen in every other revolution of
which we have read in the range of history; but
they have raised their arms against the mildest
anil most equitable Government that the world
ever saw—a Government so mildly sitting upon
■the shoulders of every citizen that no honest man
in the whole country would feel that there was
any Government. And for what? A man who
was not disposed to trespass on the rights of
•others, living under this glorious Government'of
ours, would never feel that he was under any
restraint, or hardly that there was a Government,
except it was that it attended him wherever he
went, like his shadow—not for his harm, but his
protection It is such a Government as this that
men have raised their impious arms in rebellion
against—a strange and anomalous proceeding,
•raost unintelligible to any of us; and yet the cause,
strange and unusual as it is., is easily discernible
to a man that investigates our complications.
Nothing could have induced a people to rise in
rebellion with the deliberate purpose of subverting
■a Government like this, except it was the accursed
institution that is nowin question, and is now, by
the very proposition under consideration, sought
to he spread into regions where if has not yet
found a foothold, ff this institution leads the
American citizen to prize so lightly so glorious a
Government as ours, I ask any reasonable man
if it ought to be extended another inch?
Mr. President, I ask it' there is anything else
that could so have vitiated the public mind as to
reduce a Government like this to such a condi-
tion, unless it was this very institution that gen-
tlemen stand here not oniy to defend where it is,
■but to spread jnto regions where it lias never yet
•found a foothold?
This revolution, as I have already intimated,
is new, unheard of in the history of mankind; a
revolution to overturn such a Government as 1
have attempted to describe, for the purpose of
greeting upon its ruins an irresponsible, oppress-
ive,unlimited despotism. That is what you seek
to do by this rebellion that you boast has taken
seven States out of this Union already. Has it
been originated in order to assert the rights of men?
No man will pretend it; but it is, I say again, to
overthrow the most equitable Government the
world ever saw, in order upon its ruins to estab-
lish an accursed despotism. Here I will take oc-
casion to say, that nothing makes the principles
of the free States stand out in such glorious con-
trast to the others as the fact that you leave us
because yourdespotismcannotexist in ouratmos-
phere. I understand the reason that impels you
to leave us; and I will take occasion to say that
it is an exceedingly superficial view of this sub-
ject that attributes it to anything else than that we
of the free States love liberty top much, love jus-
tice too well, prize the great principles of free Gov-
ernment too highly, to have a despotism flourish
even in our vicinity. Who ever heard of such a
case as this before in the history of mankind?
You complain of us that we have established free
schools; that we have a free press; that we have
free speech; that we love liberty too well. You
say you cannot live with us; you will leave us;
set up a jurisdiction of your own, to escape these
institutions that all other men prize above price.
The complaint made of us, I say again, is that
we love liberty, justice, and the rights of man too
well. That is the only objection that has been
made to us on this floor. We have been told over
and over again it was not our personal liberty bills,
it was not the fact that we would not return your
fugitive slaves, but it was that we had institutions
among us where our children were educated to
hate slavery and oppression. Well, sir, they will
hate it; and now what are the remedies that you
propose? They are as diverse as the conception
of perverted man. Hardly two of you agree what
shall be the remedy. Some want bread pills; some
want a little stronger dose; some one thing, and
some another.
I believe, in the course of two or three years, or
even within the period of this session, you have
pioposed not less than five or six remedies for
the ills that you now complain of; but let mo tell
you, that all your contrivances are utterly in
vain. In the human heart lies the difficulty. You
cannot erect a despotism that will coincide with
the great free principles of the North. You ask
us to suppress our convictions of right; you ask
us to transform these most democratic and liberal
institutions that the world ever saw, and convert
them into at least a tolerance of tyranny, before
they are palatable to you. This being the griev-
ance, can it be remedied by your Crittenden
amendments, or by your peace conventionamend-
monts, or by your resolutions, that wo will never
interfere with slavery in the States; and that the
Constitution should give you a guarantee, to that
effect? Sir, it is all quackery-—all bread pills, one
as much as the other. Not one reaches the dis-
ease. In fact, the disease now lies deeper than
human ingenuity can devise a remedy for.
Sir, before you can harmonize with us, you
must Jcarn to love liberty, you must learn to re-
gard the rights of men, you must cease to place
your confidence in the oppression and tyranny of
any man, or any person wearing the human form,
however humble he*may be. I have heard a great
deal said this session about going out of the Union,
and then coming back, and reconstructing our re-
lations to each other, so that they shall harmonize,
and we go on as we formerly v/cnt. How shall
that be done? By paper resolutions can you do
it? I ask any grave Senator here, accustomed to
reflect upon the nature and motives of men, can
mere conventional stipulations on paper remedy
the defect yon complain of? In my judgment it
is utterly impossible. The disease lies deeper
than that. The remedy is not there. To recon-
stiuct your institutions upon a basis that will be
permanent and eternal, as yoit_ dream, you will
have to reconstruct the throne of God, and change
the principles on which he has chosen to govern
the world. No plank less broad than that will
ever be a complete remedy for what you complain
of. When the Nestor of the Senate has stood
forth, and lectured us an this side as being ihe
authors of all this difficulty, I have wondered that
a man as wise as he, as patriotic as he is known
to be, and whose heart is all for the country, haa
failed to discover that the remedies he has ad-
vised, come infinitely short of the working out the
redress which lie seeks.
But, sir, I do not now, at this time of the night,
intend to go extensively into these speculations;
and yet I know that the real reason of theyistiirb-
ance that now agitates this cotintry will never be
reached or understood, until you look deeply into
the providence of God arid the nature of man.
You never will find it subject to your paper rem-
edies.
But what I wished to say was, that I have been
here, and I have witnessed all the arguments that
hava. been made on these great subjects; and I
have found no reason to change the principles that
I laid down to direct my action early in this ses-
sion. i say, then,first,thatyourcomplaints from
theother sideagainst usareall unjustandunwar-
ranted. You point to this side, and say to us;
" You, and you alone, have it in your power to
remedy all these grievances, and to rectify this
difficulty that exists between the sections." What,
sir, have we done? It is marvelous that gentle-
men as just and as equitable in general as those
Senators are, should constantly accuse us as the
authors of those doctrines that have carried a por-
tion of the States out of the Union. What have
we done? Is not any man challenged constantly
to bring in the bill of indictment? Does any man,
now, at the close of this session, know of what
to complain? The Senator before me [Mr.Wie-
fali.] did lay it down early, ar.d it was the com-
plaint that I have already alluded to; for his shrewd
observation saw that it lay infinitely deeper than
these bread-pill doctors have imagined. Ho said
it was in our free institutions, in our schools, in
our love of liberty, and in our hatred of oppres-
sion. There lay the difficulty. It was not com-
plimentary to his institutions, but it was exceed-
ingly so to ours, inmyjudgment; but,nevertheless,
this was what he described as the disease, and I
think he was a shrewder philosopher than most
who have spoken upon this subject. That being
so, sir, you never can remedy it in the way you
have undertaken.
I will not boast, for. that is weakness; but I
will say, did you ever hear, Mr. President, or did
you ever read, Senators, of any Republican that
ever was an advocate for the dissolution of these
States? The whole Democratic party is tainted
with this doctrine of rebellion and secession. It
neverhasinvadedourranks. No,sir. ThankGod,
I can stand here in the Senate, and I can challenge
gentlemen to point me to onesingle man in the two
million voters that we assembled at the polls who
has avowed himself disloyal to the Union of the
States. What would you not give, sir, if you
could make the same boast on your side of the
Chamber? You are all, nearly all,affected with
this dissolution disease. It has invaded you in
every department of this Government; itis rife all
over the South; and I fear that the North also is not
entirely free from it; but it is in the old Demo-
cratic party; it is not in ours. Is it not a little
singular that they who make these complaints
have been the constant governorsof this country
during all the period of which they complain ? Is
it not stranger still, that when States were going
out of this Union, and it is crumbling to pieces,
you charge us, who never yet raised a hostile
hand against the Union, with its destruction ?
We never breathed a disloyal breath against the
Union; and yet we are constantly addressed, till
even my patience is almost exhaused, and Sena-
tors point over here and say that we mustdo some-
thing, or the Union will be dissolved; that is to
say, wo must hold your hands, or you will dissolve
it, You know full well that we are not disunion-
ists. You know that we never threaten it. You
know that we promised to vindicate it, even with
