1'861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
cratic Legislature of 1857 repealed it. The Re-
publican Legislature of 1858 reenacted it. It was
pending in the Legislature of this year, and the
vote referred to by the gentleman from Georgia
was to break down the whole concern. The bill,
sir, was indefinitely postponed—that personal lib-
erty bill was killed oy the action of the present
House of Representatives of Ohio.
MOSES MEEKER.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. 1 ask the
unanimous consent of the House for leave to dis-
charge the Committee of the Whole House on
the Private Calendar from the further considera-
tion of House bill No. 341, for the relief of Moses
Meeker, and that it be taken up and put on its
passage.
There was no objection.
The bill was read in extenso. It instructs the
Secretary of the Treasury to ascertain, as in the
case of John P. B. and Henry Gratiot, what
amount, if any, of rent was exacted by the United
States agents of lead mines from Moses Meeker
for lead mined and smelted upon the lands of the
Ottawa, Pottawatomie, Chippewa, Wijinebago,
or other tribes of Indians, prior to the purchase
thereof by the United States, and pay such amount
as may be legally proved to have been actually
paid by Moses Meeker to such agents of the Uni-
ted States, to Moses Meeker or his legal repre-
sentatives, out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was passed;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ARMY BILL..
Mr. SHERMAN moved that the rules be sus-
pended, and the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
on the Army bill.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee oftheWholeon the stateof the Union,
(Mr. Washburne, of Illinois, in the chair.) /
'The CHAIRMAN stated that the questioiybe-
fore the committee was the Army bill, an^that
the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. I^omas]-
was entitled to the floor.
Mr. THOMAS. The object of our drecussion
in the House should be to 'promote the general
welfare of the country. To effect that object, a
harmonious feeling should predominate, if possi-
ble; but I must say that the character of the debate
which has preceded has not been to my taste.
Yet, sir, we must conform ourselves to the cir-
cumstances by which we are surrounded; and,
with a view of discharging my duty, I desire to
submit some remarks to the consideration of the
committee, upon the subject which now so seri-
ously engrosses public attention. ^
This question of slavery has ever been trouble-
some to this country. Yet our fathers were En-
abled to dispose of it, and to dispose of it in such
a way as to secure', not only our liberties, but the
establishment of a Government which has led to
a happiness and prosperity of our people unex-
ampled in the history of the human family. When
the Declaration of Independence was framed,
every State ofthis Union was a slaveholding State.
They went through that war, and this trouble-
some question troubled not the council, the camp,
or the battle-field. We conducted that war to a
successful termination,and to the establishmen t of
our independence, in process of time, when our
convention assembled to establish a constitution,
wc had twelve slave States and but one free State.
There was then in the northern mind a hostility
to slavery.
We frequently hear from the other side of this
Chamber, the position taken that they want to_
bring back this Government to the principles of
its fathers. It would be well for those gentlemen
who desire to effect that object, to look to the
spirit which actuated those wise and patriotic
fathers of ours while assembled in convention.
What do we find them doing then? Why, sir,
the slave trade was then in existence, and was
tolerated by many of the States of this Union, and
some southern States were averse to its abolition.
We find that when the first rough draft of the
Constitution was submitted for discussion, it gave
Congress the power to abolish the slave trade any
time after 1800. A proposition was then made
that that trade should be extended to 1808. Ma-
ryland and Virginia voted against that extension.
A distinguished member of that convention from
Connecticut (Roger Sherman) said that the south-
ern States were essential for their welfare, and
that they would rather tolerate the slave trade
than part with two States—Georgia and South
Carolina; and on a vote upon the proposition to
extend the slave trade eight years, New Hamp-
shire, Massachusetts, and Connecticut voted to
give that extension, and, by their votes, the prop-
osition was carried, and the slave trade extended
eight years beyond the time to which some of the
slave States contended it should be limited. And
now what do we see upon this occasion ? Not a
si ngle mem ber from either of th ose three States will
tolerate a southern State in removing one single
one of those slaves, or their descendants, which
were imported during those eight years, into
any one of our Territories. Butwepasson. We
find that those fathers accommodated this matter
among themselves; and they established a Con-
stitution which has eminently served its purposes
for nearly three quarters of a century.
What is the history of the Government after-
wards? Your Washington, your first and greatest
President, approved and signed bills to appre-
hend fugitive slaves, and to admit slaie States
into the Union. Your second President, John
Adams, of Massachusetts, approved and signed
a fugitive slave bill for the District of Columbia,
and bills recognizing slavery in the southwestern
Territory. Your Jefferson acquired the Terri-
tory of Louisiana, with its slave property, and he
signed and approved a bill to regulate the coast
slave trade, by which slaves were permitted to be
taken from one section of the Union to another
for sale. And, sir, every President up to the pres-
ent hour has approved and signed bills in con-
formity to the views which are contended for upon
the part of the South; and it is only within the
last few years that this opposition to the institu-
tion of the South has advanced to its present for-
midable and threatening position. And why is it?
It may be traced back to a morbid—pardon me,
for I intend to say nothingintentionally offensive—
but, in my judgment, it may bo traced back to a
morbid sensitiveness upon the part of the north-
ern mind upon this subject. This hostility to
slavery at its origin attracted little attention at the
North, and few gave countenance to it; but it
gradually got into the school-houses, into the
school-books, into the pulpit, and into all the va-
rious modes of education, and into all the means
used in the formation of the moral sentiments of
the people. It has been continued; and the pres-
ent generation have been brought up and edu-
cated from the nursery in a feeling of hostility to
this institution, which was thus tolerated by the
fathers of the Revolution in every State of the
Union. This system of education has gone on
until a large majority of the people of the North
have grown up to manhood under such influences.
And what is the result? It has formed political
associations, and a political party which now pro-
poses to take control of the Government of the
country, and to do it upon the one single, isolated
idea of hostility to southern institutions. In 1856, I
this party first assumed a prominent and threat- 1
enmg attitude toward the South. And what do
we find them declaring upon that occasion ? When
they formed the Republican party, in 1850, they
formed it without regard to past political differ-
ences and divisions. When they came to lay
down their principles, they announced that as their
cardinal doctrine. In that body wc find men who
had been Whigs, Democrats, and Americans;
men who had belonged to all the political parties
of the country; but all their past party predilec-
tions were to be laid aside, and the new party,
without regard to them, was to be formed. It
j was so formed, and their declaration was;
! " Resolved, Thai the Constitution eorifei-i upon Congress
i sovet(iisni power over the Teiritorie* ft the I'nitcd states
i toi their covc-imient. and in the cxerei^'C of that power, it
! i-- both tin: right and the duty OeiL'rr-- to pmhibit m all
\ the Tomtom's the twin relics of barbarism— poljg.ua} and
1 shivery."
! In I860 the same party again laid down their
| platform; which was as follows:
| <■ 8. That the normal condition of all the territory of the
TTnlted States is that of freedom. " That as our republican
fathers, when they had abolished slavery hi all our national
territory, ordained that' no person should tie deprived of
life, liberty, or property, without due process of law,' it
becomes our duty, by legislation, whenever such legisla-
tion is necessary, to maintain this provision of the OonstK
tution against ail attempts to violate it; and we deny, the
authority of Congress, of a Territorial legislature, or of any
individuals, to give legal existence to slavery in any TerH1
tory of the United States."
When that party, in 1860, in convention, came
to look out for a representative of the principles
which they intended to inaugurate in the Govern-
ment, provided they succeeded, it looked all over
the country for such an individual. The two
most prominent and eminent men who presented
themselves for that nomination were Hon. Mr.
Seward, of Now York, and Mr. Lincoln, of the
State of Illinois. Upon the first ballot Mr. Sew-
ard received a large plurality of the votes. But
he was not nominated; and Mr. Lincoln was
finally unanimously nominated and elected by
that party; and it is now openly declared to the
country that the former gentleman, Mr. Seward,
is to be the prime minister of Mr. Lincoln, the
successful candidate of the Republican party for
President. These gentlemen owe their elevation
to office to their opposition to southern institu-
tions. They were selected and voted for, not for
personal predilections, but for their devotion to
the doctrines which they were known to have
advocated, and for opinions they were known to
entertain.
Now, I call the attention of the committee and
of the country to what, in brief, these opinions
were. Mr. Seward declares:
" Slavery can be limited to its present bounds; it can be
ameliorated; it can be, and it must be abolished, and you
and 1 can and must do It. The task is as simple and easy
as its consummation will be beneficent, and its rewards
glowing. It only requires to follow this simple rule of ac-
tion : to do everywhere and on every occasion what wc
can, and not to neglect or refuse to do what we can, at any
time, because at that precise time, and on that particular
occasion, we cannot do more. Circumstances determine
possibilities." * * *   " Extend a cordial
welcome to the fugitive wlio lays his weary limbs at your
door, and defend Mm as you would your paternal gods.
"Correct your own error that slavery lias any constitu-
tional guarantees which may not be released, and ought not
tobc relinquished." * * * * <> You will soon
bring the parties of the country into an effective aggression
upon slaveiy."
Again, he declares:
" What a commentary upon the history of man is the Tact,
that eighteen jears nfter the death of John Quincy Adams,
the people havefortheirstandard-bearer Abraham Lincoln,
conlosMiig the obligations, o! the higher law, wiuf.li the sage
of Qumey pioclatmed, and contending, for weal 01 woe, tor
lite or death, in the irrepressible conflict between freedom
and slavciy. I desire only to j-ny that we are m the last
stage ot the conflict, before tin: great triumphal inauguration
ofthis policy into the Government of the United States."
Now, sir, Mr. Seward was the highest candi-
date on the first ballot, and is to be the prime
minister of the incoming Administration. We
now come to the declaration of the candidate who
was ultimately nominated unanimously by that
convention. What does Mr. Lincoln declare?
And it is such declarations as these that have
given liitn his present high position in the coun-
try. He says:
" What I do w*y i?, that no man is good enough to govern
another man without the other man's consent. I say this is
the leading principle, the siiEi/r anchor of JlmcncanRc-
fublicanism."
Again, in Chicago, on the 10th of July, 1858,
he said:
" I should like to know if, taking the old Declaration of
Independence, which declares that all men are equal upon
principle, and making exceptions to it, where will it stop?
it one man says it does not mean si negro, why not another
say it docs not mean some other man ? If that declaration
is not the truth, let us get the statute-book m which wc find
it, and tear it out. Who is so bold as to do it? It it is not
tiuc. Jet Ub tear it out. (Cries of 4 No !  4 No V] Let ub
stick to it, then; Jet us Mand firmly by it, then." * *
* * " Let us discard all this quibbling about this man
and the other man—this race and that race and the other
r.ice being inferior, and therefore they must he placed in an
inferior position—discarding the standard that we have left
us. Let us discard all these things, and unite as one people
throughout this land until we shall once more stand up de-
claring that all men are created equal." *■ * * *
" I leave you, hoping that the lamp of liberty will burn in
your bo-oni until there shall no longer be a doubt tlwt all
men are created free and equal."
Now, sir, here wc have placed before us the
ground on which this candidate was presented
for election. And what is it? It is not that he
pi iher favored or was opposed to a protective tariff;
not that he was for one policy or the other, dis-
connected with slavery. 1 ask you whether, if
there had been no slaves in the United States, ana
