436
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 17,
if he bad entertained similar opinions about sla-
very in Cuba or Brazil, would such opinions ever
have been considered when the nomination came
to he made? No, sir, that nomination was made
solely, mainly, and particularly, on the ground of
hostility to slavery. It is one of his open declar-
ations that he hates slavery as bad as any Aboli-
tionist. It was that very hatred which gave him
the confidence of the party that has elected him
to power.
Then, how do wc stand? Here is a party com-
posed of men of the northern States alone, of
whom not one single individual owns a slave;
and probably not one twentieth of those who
voted for Mr. Lincoln ever saw a slave. They
have none of the evils or advantages of that in-
stitution among them. And yet they chose Mr.
Lincoln for his opinions in regard to an institu-
tion with which they have no connection, and
in which they have no practical interest. He
was selected because of his hatred to slavery. In
other words, he was selected, not for any partic-
ular views of policy that he has in regard to
northern institutions or northern interests, but
because of the views which he entertains in re-
gard to southern interests. He was elected, not
To govern the North, but to govern the South; to
govern a portion of the Union in which he has no
party, and where there is no respectable portiou
of citizens who, for a moment, tolerate his elec-
tion to office on such principles. So far as the
South is concerned, wc of the South have had
no more to do in the election of Mr. Lincoln than
we have had to do with the election of the Emperor
of France. He is to us a foreign ruler. He is
elected by men who have no sympathy with us,
who are hostile to our great interests.
I submit to the consideration of every candid
mind, if any court on earth would appoint a
guardian over a property where the application
was made for the sole purpose of destroying the
estate; where the applicant was hostile to the in-
terest of which he desired to have the contiol,and,
only sought the trust for its destruction; i;? there
a court on earth, claiming to know what equity
and justice is, who would for a moment think of
appointing him ? And yet you are determined to
place the guardianship of the rights of the South
on the slavery question, in the hands of men who
come heiodeclaring their hostility to slavery,and
claiming the right to take charge of that institu-
tion to which they are hostile,and on the destruc-
tion of which they are determined. I submit to
the consideration of this committee, and of the
country, whether it is an American principle, that
the party who has no interest in the subject-mat-
ter should select a guardian for it, and choose him
from among those hostile to it?
But it may be said that our Government is one
of majorities. True: in one sense it is a Govern-
ment of ma jorities. But Mr. Lincoln has only a
bare majority of the electoral vote; and when you
come to examine the recoid of the great popular
voice of the people of the United States, you will
find that he is nearly a million in the minority.
Thus by nearly a million minority of votes, has
Mr. Lincoln been elected to the office of President
of the United States.
Again, sir; this idea of majorities governing
ought to be limited to the people who arc inter-
ested m the subject. The people of Massachu-
setts or the people of Virginia might well submit
a subject to the will of their respective States, and
be governed by the majority; but the principle
does not hold good where the question is sub-
mitted to those who have no interest whatever
in it.
Upon the subject of slavery, or any local in-
terest of the South, I maintain that if majorities
in the North, or if every man in the North, were
in favor of hostile legislation, it would be anti-
American, and contrary to all the principles of our
Government for them to assume to govern such
local institution, and especially to govern it in such
a way as to bring about its destruction. Why is
it that the northern people have felt it incumbent
on them to join in a crusade ngainst this institu-
tion ? We are often told that the slave power has
had the control of the Government; but I main-
tain that the Government has not been controlled
with a view to promote slavery, or in opposition
to slavery; and that is the view in which the
South has ever maintained the Government should
be controlled. But slavery is a living, existing
interest in the country, and should share the com-
mon weal or common woe of the country, like
other great interests.
I submit to the committee and to the country,
what reason can be given, from a review of his-
tory, for so bitter a contest against this institution
of the South? Has slavery made such rapid
strides since the foundation of this Government as
to alarm those philanthropists, if philanthropists
they be? At the time of the treaty of peace in
1783, the States now called southern owned ter-
ritory to the extent of 638,016 square miles, and
the northern States 169,662; or the South owned
468,354 square miles more than the North. Vir-
ginia ceded territory to the extent of 239,558
square miles, and excluded slavery therefrom;
thus giving the North 409,220, and reducing the
South to 398,458 square miles. The South was
then strong, and the North was weak. How has
that generosity and magnanimity been requited >
How is it now proposed to be requited by the
northern States ? The very States of the North-
west, of the tenitory thus generously ceded by
the State of Virginia, are this day enlisted in the
ranks of our adversaries; and a large majority of
their Representatives on this floor are voting and
acting to-day with the party that is attempting
to deprive the old mother Commonwealth, the
mother ofthose States, of any right in the Terri-
tories that have been subsequently acquired, al-
though they were acquired by the joint blood and
treasure of Virginia with all the States.
But, sir, let us follow out that idea: By the Lou-
isiana purchase, we acquired. 1,136,496 square
miles. Of this the Noith has secured 977,602
square miles, and the South 333,624—the North
acquiring 643,978 square miles more than the
South.
By the Florida purchase, the South acquired
59,268; and by the annexation of Texas, 274,356;
total by these last two acquisitions, 333,624 square
miles.
By the Mexican treaty, the total acquisition is
j 665,486 square miles. Of this the North has Cal-
; iforma, containing 188,981 square miles, leaving
j 476,505 square miles in New Mexico and Utah
1 to be settled. And the present effort of your party
] is to exclude the South from the whole of this;
while the South only asks equality in it. And,
sir, 1 may lemark, in relation to that territory,
that it is the most barren, bleak, mountainous,
and unproductive territory that this Government
has ever acquired. The soil and climate of that
territory are such that your own distinguished
Daniel Webster declared that slavery could never
go there; that the law of nature prohibited it; and
that, to enact the Wilmot proviso in regard to it,
would be only to reenact the law of God.
I will refer again to the statistics that I have
collected from the report of the Commissioner of
the Land Office:
Square miles.
fn IT 83 the South owned  6113,016
ViiKinua ceded  239,oo8
Leaving the South but  398,-158
From the Louisiana purchase the South ac-
quit cd but  158,89G
Florida  5d,'2<5#
Texas    274.35G
Present South 
Total increase of the South 
890.978
252,962
in 3183, the North had  169,632
Vi r£i ma ceaPion    239,558
Louisiana purchase  977,002
Mexican treaty  188.981
1,575.803
Total ineieasc of the Noith since 1783 1,406.1-11
In seventy-six years the South has gained but
252,962 square miles, and the North, m the same
period, has gained 1,406,141 square miles. The
i South has increased her limitsabout 33per cent.,
! while the North has extended near 1,000 per cent.
In 3,217,160 square miles of the territory thus ac-
quired by the North, slavery existed by law, but
is now abolished. Of the small amount acquired
by the South, it was all slave territory when
acquired, and so remains.
That is the history of the progress of the two
sections. Where, then, its there the slightest pre-
text of our northern friends for one moment en-
tertaining the belief that slavery is to be spread
all over the country. This idea that the South,
or the Democratic party, or any party at the South,
are slavery propagandists, by and through the
Federal Government, is a mistake, and northern
politicians have misled the public mind of the
North when they have attempted to promulge
such an idea. The only position taken by any
party in the South is, that we of the South arc
equals in this Union, and that when Territories
are acquired our citizens have the right, under our
Constitution, to go there, and that no power short
of the people of the Territories themselves can at
any time exclude them from this right. There is
some division among us as to when the people of
a Territory should act—whether they should do
it while in a territorial capacity, or whether they
should wait until they form a State constitution;
I but all agree that there is no power which can ex-
'! elude the South from her rights in a Territory
I hut the people who settle that Territory. We are
; in favor of the largest liberty to the people to go
' to the Territories that arc acquired by the com-
mon blood and the common treasure of all the
: States and of all the citizens of all the States, and
to stand upon a perfect equality in relation to their
rights in those Territories.
What objection can the North have to that?
It is not that slavery will go up North. Every
man who knows the character of the northern
people, knows that they look well to their own
interests, and they have abolished slavery in the
northern States; and in doing that, they have
shown by their example that there is no fear that
slavery will ever go whore it is unprofitable. This
being so, why is it that there is this hostility in
the public mind at the North against this insti-
tution of slavery? Sii, they have got ingrafted
on their minds an idea that slavery is sinful,
and that this Government is responsible for tho
sin of slavery, if it be tolerated. Doubtless a largo
majority of the people of the North are devoted
; to the Constitution of this country, and are will-
ing to give us our constitutional rights, if they
were not misled upon this subject. In my hum-
ble judgment they have been, whether intention-
ally or not, grossly misled. They have been
taught that the Constitution of the country does
not recognize the right of property in man, and
that if slavery is permitted to go into any of the
Territories it will make them accessory to this
great sin of slavery. Why, sir, we must look to
the circumstances that attended our Declaration of
; Independence, and the formation of this Consti-
] tution. *Tne ships of the North and of the South
were then engaged in the African slave trade.
They were going to Africa, and there buying or
kindnapping negroes, and bringing them to tho
United States, and selling them to the citizens of
the Union as slaves. A proposition was made to
abolish that trade, or to give Congress the power
to abolish it; but the North, the States of Massa-
chusetts, Connecticut, and New Hampshire, said
that they wanted the trade extended,at leastuntil
1808; thus giving them twenty years more to bring
this species of property to the United States, sell
it, and pocket the profits of the sale. It was
the idea entertained then, universally. Nobody
thought of any thing else than that they were
legally bought and sold as property.
But, sir, when you came to organize the Mis-
sissippi Territory, you put in your bill, that any
man being the owner of a slave might take that
slave into that Territory and there reside. And
every Administration from that day to this, and
every President of the United States, has recog-
nized the same idea. Congress has again and
! again recognized it, and directed slaves to be paid
! for as property. Your treaties have recognized
! it. And, sir, not only that, but your courts have
j again and again recognized it. Your Government
j in all its branches, executive, legislative, and ju-
i dicial, have been treating slaves as property up to
i this good hour. And now, when an individual
; pursues his slqve into the State of Ohio, if you
; please, and apprehends him, by what right does
j he apprehend him > Why, under the right to the
i service and labor of the slave. That is technically
! therightunder thelanguage employed by the Con-
i stitution; but what does it mean? It matters not
j whether the individual who has escaped owes ser-
vice for a day, for a year, or for life; he is subject to
1 be delivered up when a fugitive from his master.
; Upon what other giound has the master the light
i to reclaim his slave who has escaped into another
