1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m-
State, unless it be a right conceded under the Con-
stitution, that he has the sole and exclusive con-
trol over the services of the slave to as full an
extent as he has over any other species of prop-
erty, real or personal, not inconsistent "with the
laws of humanity ?
The gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Stanton,] the
other day, contended before this House that the
admission that slaves were property would in-
volve us in interminable difficulties. Why? He
objected to the admission of the right; for the rea-
son, among others, that, if a man in transitu
through a free State with ins slo.ve should die, and
die indebted to the citizens of such free State, an
administrator in such State could not inventory
the slave as property, or subject him to the pay-
ment of such indebtedness, why, sir, if the gen-
tleman from Ohio had reflected upon the result of
that provision of the Constitution relating to fugi-
tive slaves, according to his own construction of
it, he would have seen that the same difficulty
might occur. Suppose a slave escaping from Ken-
tucky into Ohio is pursued and apprehended by
his master, but before his return his master dies,
owing debts in that State: the slave could not be
sold there; a writ of fieri facias could not reach
him; but he could be taken back to Kentucky, and
there be sold in the marKet. Suppose the slave
escapes, and is apprehended by his Owner in a
free State, where the master dies: surely his per-
sonal lepresemative—his heirs or administrators
—would have the right to carry him hack, and
apply the proceeds of his sale to the debts of his
deceased owner.
But again: the gentleman from Ohio says, sup-
pose the master, while in transitu, through a free
State,kills his slave, or his slave killshim: what
is then to be done? Precisely the same difficulty
would arise in ease the owner of a fugitive slavo,
having apprehended him in a free State, should,
while returning, in the exercise of his authority,
kill, or be killed by the slave. The gentleman's
State should provide for such a contingency; and
if they have not legislated upon the subject, it is
not my fault.
And so in respect to all the difficulties which
our friends of the North find growing out of the
recognition of the right of propeity in slaves.
There are no difficulties which did not exist in
the minds of our fathers who framed the Consti-
tution, and which were not fully met by them in,
the instrumentframed by them, with the intention
of compromising and settling them upon princi-
ples having respect to the rights of all the States
of the Union.
Now, sir, when we look at the history of this
country and see its progress; when we see the
difficulties which have from time to time come up
and been settled by the wisdom of ourfathers, is
it not strange that our friends in the North should
unite in such numbers upon an issue that has so
little in it, affecting not only their own welfare,
but the welfare of the whole country? Why, sir,
if we are permitted to take our slaves into the
common Territories of the country, it does not
add a single one to the number; itdoes not bring
another slave within the limits of the United
States. It only authorizes the master to change
his location; it does not bring him nearer to you.
Most likely it will have the effectof removing him
further from those gentlemen from the North who
represent that section upon this floor. But gen-
tlemen tell us they want these Territories for free
labor. Mr. Chairman, I submit that there is
much in the conduct of this party at the North
calculated to break up and forever destroy that
feeling of friendship which oncc existed, and must
again exist before we can sustain a united Gov-
ernment. The Territories of the Government arc
the common property of all the States. No man j
will say that the South has failed to contribute
her share in their acquisition, whether it be in
cash or blood. No man can say it.
Then why should we not have a common right
to that territory r What are you gentlemen of the
North indicating by your policy in this House ?
It is'not to secure the territory for your own chil-
dren. You do not expect to populate it by your
own offspring; certainly not m the present day.
You have, duiingthe present session, passed a bill
giving an inheritance in that territory not only to
your children, but to the children of every man in
the world who chooses to go there, to the children
even of the Hessian, who, for a price, fought
against our fathers in the war of the Revolution;
while you refuse to permit the descendants of
General Green, or of any of the heroes of the Rev-
olution in the South, to go there and take their
property with them.
Call you this fair dealing? Is this loyalty to
us or to the memories of the Revolution ? Is it
that spirit that actuated the framers of the Con-
stitution, when they, compromising all the diffi-
culties before them, framed the Governmentunder
which we have grown up and existed as a nation
so long and so prosperously?
Sir, these difficulties arc continually thrown in
our way. Atletcrmincd disposition is manifested
to take that territory from us, to circumscribe us
within our present limits; while they will permit
homesteads to be granted to the descendants of
our former enemies, and will populate it with men
who cannot even speak our language, and to whom
they should bo bound by no stronger ties of affec-
tion than they should be to the men of the South,
who shared m all the dangers and hardships of
its acquisition.
I have no hostility to foreigners; but, sir, when
I see the legislative bodies of my country legis-
lating with a view to give them precedence over
the descendants of the revolutionary sires of the
South, I feel that it is time for us to speak out—
to demand at least the rights of the people of the
South. There can be nothing wrong in that.
We do not claim any exclusive right in any of
the Territories. "We only claim the same right
in those Territories that are secured to the people
of the North. Wo demand nothing more; we
can submit, sir, to nothing less. We do not ask
to exclude one of the northern people, or any
species of property possessed by the northern
people. But you propose to exclude us, unless
we divest ourselves of our household servants—
a property which is endeared to us from our ear-
liest recollections, and for which we have, higher
regard than for any other species of our prop-
erty. The relations which exist between the mas-
ter and servant create a sympathy unlike that
which you feel for your homestead and your farm
horses and wagons. It is a kind of friendship.
It is a devotion of fellow-feeling characteristic of
that institution, which neverhas been, and which
I fear never will be, justly appreciated by the
North. They arc a part of us. They sympathize
with us, and we sympathize with them. Our
rights are their rights; and when we prosper,
they prosper. If we can go to a country where
we can do better than where we are, the slaves
that go with us are bettered in an equal propor-
tion with ourselves. Hence, sir, it is that we
claim all the rights of equality in this Union.
But, Mr. Chairman, the time has gone by for
the discussion of this question at length. We
have passed from theories and come tofacts. Such
1ms been the character of the dealings of the North
toward the South—all of which 1 have not the
time, m the few minutes left mc, to refer to—that
the South feels her rights are no longer safe in
this Government without some new guarantees
for their protection. Under that feeling, four States
have already seceded from the Union; and, sir,
probably while I am addressing this committee,
the fifth will take its leave of us. These are the
facts that stare us in the lace. Disunion has taken
placc. Many of the great minds of the South
have taken the ground that the right of secession
is a right over and above the Constitution—but a
right recognized by the peculiar manner in which
that instrument was framed. I have not the time
on this occasion, nor do I think the great body of
the South are going to take time to investigate the
very nice and very able legal arguments made on
this subject. We go back to first great principles.
It is enough for the people of the South to look
to the Declaration of Independence. We believe
that—
" When a Ion? tram or abuses and usurpations, pursuing
invannbly the same objcct, evinccK a design to reduce them
under absolute despotism, u is their light, it is their duty,
tothiow off such government, and to provide new guards
foi then fututc talety."
The ground is taken here, that wc cannot and
will not be permitted to secede pcaceably from
this Union. If the action in the Senate yester-
day means anything, it means that. This thing
of secession is not to be permitted. The Army
and the Navy are to be employed against us.
The money appropriated in the bill now before us
—the Army appropriation bill—is to be used for
the purpose of sending troops to the South, with
a view to the coercion of secedirig States, and the
pinning of this Union once more together by tlie
bayonet of Federal troops. I will submit an ex-
tract from the letter of acceptance of Hon. Ed-
ward Everett, a distinguished citizen of Massa-
chusetts. I-Ie is entitled to respect. His opinion,'
at least, will show the opinions and feelings of
the party which supported him. He says:
"The suggestion that the. Union can be maintained by
the numerical predominance and military prowess of one
section, exerted to coerce the other into submission, is, in
my judgment, as self-contradictory as it is dangerous. It
comes loaded with the death-smell from fields wet with
brothers'blood. IT the vital principle of all republican gov-
ernment 'is the consent of the governed,' much more does
a union of coequal sovereign States require, as its bases, the
harmony of Ite members and their voluntary cooperation in
its organic functions."
Mr. Chairman, the people of the South regard
that as the true doctrine. They believe that this
is a Government founded in the consent of the
people governed; and that all efforts made to
coerce a sovereign State will be deemed an attack
upon the great body of the South. Whenever
such efforts are made, I venture to say—and with
no desire to indulge in boasting; it is my solemn
conviction—that every State from this to the Rio
Grande will unite as a band of brothers, and as a
band of brothers will resist to the last; resist any
and every blow struck against a seceding State to
compel her to remain in the Union.
Mr. Chairman, we regard the Constitution of
the United States as the casket in which our fore-
fathers deposited the jewels of justice; of the in-
surance of domestic tranquillity; of provision for
the common defense; the promotion of the general
welfare, and the security of the blessings of liberty
to ourselves and our posterity. Those were the
jewels deposited in the casket. When you rifle
it of these treasures, do you suppose that eulogies
upon the glorious Union will attach the people and
the States of the South to it? No, sir; they will
dash it from them as an uuhoIy ihing. It is the
treasure that gives it value, and not that in which
the treasure is contained.
But I have heard the idea frequently thrown
out that you do not mean to make war upon the
seceding States; that all you moan to do is, to let
them do without the United States courts and post
offices. It is declared that this Government will
let the seceding States do without the advantages
ofthis Union, while they will be compelled to pay
their share of the revenue. That is the sort of coer-
cion which George III attempted to put in force
against the lcvolted American colonies. He made
war upon them for no other purpose but to com-
pel them to pay the tea tax and the stamp duty,
is such a war consistent with the principles of
American freedom ? If so, then you can prose-
cute your war for the purpose of collecting the
revenue, and yet use no coercion. Suppose the
Constitution of the United States made it the
especial duty of the Government to coerce every
State that was not willingly subject toits control:
what would you do? You would only enforce
the law; the very thing, sir, you now claim that
you will do, and yet you will not coerce.
Mr. Chairman, let this thing be attended to;
not that I invito it, but let it be attended to; or
who can imagine the terrible consequences that
must result? Is it not known that one-, five, or fif-
teen States cannot bo conquered and held in sub-
jection ? It cannot be done; nor do I claim that
we can conquer the North. What did it cost this
Government to get fifteen hundred Seminole war-
riors out of the everglades of Florida? We ex-
pended more than thirty million dollars out of
the public Treasury in that little war; and now,
when you talk of conquering States, the whole
arithmetic fails in figures to count the cost that
will follow the attempt. I submit this, not as a
throat, but as the plain consequences of an act of
this character. If such policy as this is to result,
in no good to any portion of the Union, but in
interminable evil, I subfnit, why is it necessary
or expedient? And let me say, here, that all that
is said or done upon this subject of conquering,
or using force, or coercion, hut adds fuel to the
flame through the whole South. If this Govern-
ment had manifested a more peaceable disposition,
and had, from the commencement of this excite-
ment, proclaimed through Congress that no force
would be used, I believe that not more than one
State would have been out of the Union at this
