1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
There was properly no irrepressible conflict
between the slaveholding States and the non-
siaveholding States. They could have lived long
in perfect peace and amity. We could have had
slaves; they could have had none; we never at-
tempted to thrust them upon them. We never
wished to carry our institutions among them. But
when we acquired common territory, we said,
" rhat territory beiongs to us in common with
you." When the Mexican war broke out, we
had to settle the question b,y the sword; and the
slaveholding States, with about one third of the
population of the Union, furnished two thirds of
the army; with double our population, you fur-
nished about twenty thousand men; with half your
population, we furnished forty thousand. The
territory was acquired. You told us we should
not go there; that the air was too pure in Utah to
be breathed by slaves, but poiygamists might live
there. That did not offend the northern sentiment
ef morality. So this thing has gone on.
The Senator from Ohio to-night spoke of the
Constitution as expounded by "that eminent
jurist, Judge Story." Judge Story was an emi-
nent man in the way of making books. He made
a great many of them. 1 am not going to detract
fiom him, nor discuss his character here at this
hour of the morning; but I will say, that if there
was a man next to the Union-savers who is more
responsible for a dissolution of the Union than
every other man who ever lived, that man is Joseph
Story; and if I were going to propose a compro-
mise by which this Union would be saved, I would
just provide an amendment to the Constitution
vesting in Congress the power to make an appro-
priation to buy up all the commentaries on the
Constitution written by Joseph Story, and have
them publicly burned, [laughter;] and then, if
you could eradicate from the minds of the Amer-
ican people the false doctrine, as to the foim of
Oovernment under which they are living, that
has been created by those miscalled commentaries
on the Constitution, and eradicate from their minds
the prejudices which have been taught under the
teachings and advice of the Senator from JNew
York, [Mr. Seward,] m which the northern peo-
ple have been taught to hate slavery, in their
schools and m theirpulpits; if these things could
be accomplished, and the American people could,
all of them, north of Mason and Dixon's line,
be made Democrats, in the just acceptation of the
term, not sons culottes, but State-rights men, who
believe that the Constitution is a compact between
States, and that the Federal Government derives
its authority from the written instrument, and
can exercise no power that is not expressly dele-
gated, or both necessary and proper for carrying 5
out the delegated power—could all the.se things,
be done, I would then consider the question as to
whether, under existing circumstances, a recon-
struction would be practicable.
But as things are, it is useless, I am satisfied,
to talk about a reconstruction. This Federal Gov-
ernment is dead. The only question is, whether
we will give it a decent, peaceable, Protestant
burial, or whether we shall have an Irish wake at
th" gra\e. [Laughter.] Now, X am opposed to
fighting, and would prefer a peaceable burial; but
if the Republican Senators insist upon fighting,
iind they can get the backbone again putinto their
Pieaident elect, and can get Mr. Chase reinstated
in the Cabinet, frfcm which he lias been expelled,
I do not know but that we shall have to fight. If
their President has recovered from that "artificial
panic" under which he was laboi ing a shoi t tim,j j j
c. o, under the advjee of the Limitonant General ;i
and the Secretary of War—I believe they advised jj
him to be frightened, so say the Republican papers
in defense of him; it was done by the caid; he
goes by the platform—if they can recovei him
from that artificial flight under which he was la-
boring, and get him to take the Chicago platform
fair and square, we shall have a fight; otheiwise
we shall not. I think myself it would be for the
benefit of both sections that we should not have
an Irish wake at our funeral; but that is tor the
North to decide, and not for us. Believing—110,
sir, not believing, but knowing—that this Union
is dissolved, never, never to be reconstructed upon
anv terms—not it" you were to hand us blank
pane), and ask us to write a constitution, would
\ve ever again be confederated with you. Your
people have been taught to hate us; your people
have been taught to'iiate our institutions; your
people have been taught to believe that you are
Pharisees; that your philacteries are full; that you
are entitled to the high places in the synagogue;
and you come and thrust yourselvesinto ourpres-
ence, and thank God before our faces that you are
not like us poor publicans, and your company
has become distasteful to us; you tell us that ours
is distasteful to you; we say, "grantit, then we
willseparate;"and you say wcshall not. Then we
are going to make the experiment, and we will
trust in Providence. Napoleon Bonaparte, who
was a wise man, once said that he trusted in Prov-
idence, but he sffid that he found that Providence
always took sides with the artillery. We have
taken the forts and guns, which you complain of,
because we think Providence again will take sides
with the artillery; and we have been securing a
good deal of it. [Laughter.] Then, knowing
that the Union is dissolved, that reconstruction
is impossible,! would, myself, had I been con-
sulted by the Union-savers, have told them that
Union-saving was impracticable, but that peace-
able separation was practicable. I would have
advised that you should treat these sovereign
States with the courtesy, at least, that you treated
Brigham Young. When he threatened to set up
for himself, you sent commissioners there; but,
when sovereign States assume the right of self-
government, you send the bayonet and the broad-
sword. That is the difference in the manner in
which you have treated these two questions. I
suppose commissioners, in a few days, will be
here from the confederate States. They were not
sent by my advice. To be very candid with you,
I do not think there is any Government here with
which they could treat. [Laughter.] You have
a sort of de facto, certainly'a revolutionary Gov-
ernment [laughter] that time and acquiescence
on the part of the States may give the character
of legitimacy to; but it surely has not that stamp
now. One of the partners having withdrawn from
a partnership dissolves the firm. It is true that,
if the remaining partners go 011, and still use the
partnership name, by implication they are sup-
posed to consent, acquiesce in the withdrawal,and
to have relormed another. In the course of time,
seven of your'partners having withdrawn, if the
rest shall acquiesce in the action of this revolu-
tionary, irregular, wrongful, dc faito Government
that is about to inaugurate a President to-day,
acquiescence may give legitimacy to it, and we
may properly treat with you. [Laughter.] I
judge that Piesident Davis, however, will waive
these little irregularities, [laughter,] and proba-
bly send, commissioners heie, and then you will
have the choice of peace or war; and that is a
matter that you had better well consider. Turn
your backs upon these commissioners, attempt
to leinforce the forts and retake those which we
now have; attempt to collect the revenues, or do
any other manner or matter of thing that denies
to the free white men, living in those seven sov-
ereign States, the right which they have asserted
of self-government, and you will have war, and
it will be war m all its stern realities. I say this
not in bravado, but I say it because 1 know it
and you know it.
The Senator from Illnois, [Mr. Trumbull,] to-
night, supposed that if a little coercion had been
used, instead of pursuasion at first, all this thing
would have been stopped; the treason would have
been crushed in the egg. I think tfye Senator is
mistaken. It was the unfortunate interference of
the Lieutenant General volunteering his advice,
followed by tiie War Department, which has ac-
celerated secession. Unfortunately for the coun-
try, the President seemed to have no well-defined
opinions as to the form of government he was
adminisieung, or its ehaiaetei, or the powers of
the States, or the powers of the Federal Govern-
ment; and a provincial lawyer, who, some way
or other, got into a subordinate position in one of
the offices—I b< lieve the Interior—and remained
there for some time, by a sad dispensation of
Providence, became Postmaster General; and after
that he got to be Secretary of War; and a Dem-
ocratic President, having waited until twelve Dem-
ocratic Senators had withdrawn, then sent in the
name of this person to be confirmed by a Repub-
lican Senate 
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Will the honorable Sen-
ator allow me? *Perhaps he can as well suspend
at this point as any othei ; he will remember that
he was talking about the recently appointed Sec-
retary of War. If we are to take a recess at all,
I suppose it is necessary we should take it now.
Mr. WIGFALL. I will finish in a few min-
utes. I do not wish to stop now, and commence
again.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. You will remember where
you left off.
Mr. DOUGLAS. There are objections to a
recess.
Mr. WIGFALL. If you get up a discussion
now, i will take'much longer.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Texas has the floor.
Mr. WIGFALL. I will not detain the Senate
much longer, it is near dayhgln now.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Give us the
vote.
M \ WIGFALL. You shall have one in a few
minutes. I was saying, Mr. President, that the
parenthesis that is now incumbent in the War
Office, following, unfortunately, the advice of the
Lieutenant General, attempted, in a very feeble
way, coercion. The Senator from Illinois seemed
to be shocked at my speaking with a feelingofgrat-
ification at the flag of what he chooses to call my
country being insulted. It is notthe flag of my
country, I hope and believe; but I have not official
information on that point. That flag was never
insulted with impunity until it floated over a cargo
of Black Republican hirelings, sent to one of the
sovereign States of this Union to coerce them to
obedience to a Government that was distasteful to
them.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I think I shall rise to a
question of order. If the Senator from Texas
does not know whether he belongs to this coun-
try or not, if he is really a foreigner in his own
estimation, I desire to know whether he is in order
in addressing the Senate of. the United States.
[Laughter.]
Mr. WIGFALL I think the point is well
taken; and if the Senator and those who act with
him will acknowledge my State to be out of the
Union, I will take my seat without a word fur-
! ther. [Laughur.] If they choose to call my name
here, and to call not my name only,but the names
of Senators who have filed here at your desk cer-
tified copiesof theordinances of secession of their
States, and you treat them as blank paper, I shall
treat them so too, for my purpose. I shall discuss
your Government just as long as you choose to
consider me a member of it; and as long as you
please to call my name, I may stay here and vote;
and if I find it convenient to defeat any of your
nominations, I may see fit to do it; and when you
get tired of that game, you will cease calling n.y
name, and acknowledge my State out of the Union,
and then you get rid of me. [Laughter.] That
is a game two can play at.
Senators keep interrupting me until I shall make
a very long speech, I am afraid. I was speaking
of this parenthesis that is now incumbent m the
War office. Withoutallowingeven the President
to know it, as it is said in the newspapers—I am
not in the confidence of the last Cabinet,**and I
suspect will not be in the new one, [laughter,]—
itis said that,withoutallowingeven the President
to know it, he suneptitiously, in the dead of night,
sneaked a merchant vessel out of the harbor of
New York, intending to sneak it into Charleston
harbor; but they had putoutthelightsand blocked
up the channel, and she was obliged to come up
in broad daylight. A shot was thrown athwart
the bow of this vessel containing armed men; they
displayed a flag and it was fired at. I did say
I that that vessel had Swaggered into Charleston
! harbor, had received a blow in the face, and had
; staggered out; and that tins Secretary of War,
! who had brought the flag of this country in a
! condition to bo "fired at, had never dared, fro,m that
I time to this, to resent the injury and insult; and
! in consequence of that, tho State to which I owe
' my allegiance has withdrawn and cut loose from
I all connection with a Government that allows its
flag to be so insulted. She has plucked her bright
stair from a bunting that can be fired at with im-
punity. If your President elect has recovered
from that artificial fright, see if you cannot induce
him to try and wipe out the insult; but I predicted
last night that he would not; and I predict again
that he will not,. You fear to pass your force
bills; you abandon them in both Houses. If you
can get a Cabinet properly organized, with fire-
eaters enough in it, the Cabinet may precipitate
