1400
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
the country into a war, and then call upon what
is denominated the conservative elements of your
party to sustain the country in a war in which
you nave already involved it; but J know,and you
know, that those men whom you represent are
not in favor of war, and that their representatives
here, a large number of them,fear it. What will
be the result, i do not know; and to be very
frank, I do not care.
Now, having explained why it was that I felt
rejoiced at this insult to the flag of your country,
1 shall take up very little more time. The coun-
try is composed of States; and when that Govern-
ment which was established by those States, and
that flag which bears upon its broad folds the stars
representing those States, is used for the purpose
of making war upon some of those States, I say
that it has already been degraded, and that it
ought to be tired at, and it should be torn down
and trampled upon. These are ray feelings upon
the subject; and "if this be treason, make the
most of it," I owe my allegiance—and Senators
are not mistaken about that, for I have said it fre-
quently—to the State which i here represent. I
do net owe my allegiance to this Government.
The Senator fi m Illinois spoke of the necessity
of coercing these States, or not entertaining prop-
ositions from them, and likened it to the case of
a Government in which there were revolted prov-
inces. "Your President elect,a short time ago, in
a speech, asked the question gravely, what is the
difference between a State and a county? And he
seemed to be really in quest of information. Now,
I was not astonished at that, for 1 did not expect
anything betterof him. From a man who is taken
up because he is an ex-rail splitter, an ex-grocery
keeper, an ex-flatboat captain, and an ex-Aboli-
tion lecturer, and is run upon that question, I
would not expect any great information as to the
Government which he was to administer. But 1
was surprised to hear a Senator—a Senator of
education and ability, such as the Senator from
Illinois is—compare the States of this Union, the
States that formed this Government, the States
without the consent of which this Government
could not originally have had existence, and with-
out the consent of which this Government cannot
exist a day. To hear him talk about those States
as revolted provinces, did surprise and shock me.
Then, briefly, a party iias come into power that
represents the antagonism to my own section of
the country. It represents two million men who
hate us, and who, by their votes for such a man
as they have elected, have committed an overt act
of hostility. That they have done. You have
won the Presidency, and you are now in the sit-
uation of the man who had won the elephant at
a ralfie. You do not know what to do with the
beast now that you have it; and one half of you
to-day would give your right arms if you had
been defeated. But you succeeded. and you have
to deal with facts. Our objection to living in this
Union, and therefore the difficulty of reconstruct-
ing it, is not your personal liberty bill, not the
territorial question, but that you utterly and
wholly misapprehend the form of government.
You deny the sovereignty of the States; you deny
the right of self-government in the people: you
insist upon negro equality; your people interfere
impertinently with our institutions and attempt to
subvert them; you publish newspapers: you de-
liver lectures; you print pamphlets,and you send
them among us, first, to excite our slaves to in-
surrection against their masters, and next, to array
one class of citizens against the other; and I say
to you that we cannot live in peace, either in the
Union or out of it, until you have abolished your
Abolition societies; not, as I have been misquoted,
abolish or destroy your school-houses; but until
you have ceased in your school-houses teaching
your children to hate us: until you have ceased to
convert your pulpits into hustings; until you con-
tent yourselves with preaching Christ, and Him
crucified. and noi delivering political harangues
on the Sabbath; until you have ceased inciting
your own citizens to make raids and commit rob-
beries; until you have done these things we cannot
live in the same Union with you. Until you do
these things, we cannot live out of the Union at
peace.
Now, you have my views upon the .subject. If
the leaders of your party have any common sense
left; if they have not become drunk upon fanati-
cism, and are not now suffering from delirium
tremens, as I believe most of them are; if you
have one particle of sense left, you willsetabout
immediately seeing how this dissolution that has
already taken place can be stopped from going
further: how you can save some of these border
States still to tax, and levy revenue and tribute
from; how you may still find somebody that
you can pesecute with impunity; begin hatching
up some sort of a compromise that will pay
southern traitors for misrepresenting facts to their
constituents. Do these things, and you may keep
some of those border States still in; but above all
things, try to have the dissolution that has already
taken place a peaceable one. It may go very
hard with us, and will certainly cost us a good
deal of money; but you will not make much by
the operation of war—not much. Your people
will not thank you for reducing them to the dire
necessity of direct taxes. Your ship-owners will
not thank you for laying up their ships at their
wharves to rot. Your manufacturers will not
thank you for stopping the movements of their
machinery; but that is your business, not mine.
Now, having mrfHe these few, little, concilia-
tory, peace-preserving remarks, I am not disposed
to take up more time, and am willing that there
should be a vote.
Mr. PUGH. I was greatly in hopes that we
should have had a vote long ere this; but I am
satisfied it is not worth while to reply either to
the oration of the Senator from Texas, or the
equally extraordinary oration of my colleague. I
have no hope, after what has been announced,
that we shall have any vote m the House of Rep-
resentatives; andl do desire to have a test vote m
the Senate of the United States. In order to ob-
tain that, I will now make a motion, for which 1
shall not vote: that is, to move that the House
resolution, and all pending amendments, be laid
on the table; and on that I call for the yeas and
nays.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I will ask whetherthat does
not carry the original proposition with it?
Mr. PUGH. Yes, sir. I shall vote against the
motion to lay on the table; and I expect every Sen-
ator who is m any shape or form for conciliation
to vote against my motion. Those who either
represent the sentiments of my colleague, or the
sentiments of the Senator from Texas, will vote
for the proposition.
Mr. KING. That is a good idea.
Mr. LANE. Is the motion debatable?
Mr. PUGH. No, sir. My object is to cut off
debate. We have now sat here until almost day-
light, and I hope Senators will let us have a vote.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Will tfie Sena-
tor allow me to say a word?
Mr. PUGH. I will waive it for my friend, if
he will consent to renew the motion.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I do not desire
to consume time at all, but I wish simply to say,
that I do not believe either side of the House
would object to taking a vote. I do not see any
one here who is anxious to get the floor, or to
consume any time; and if the Senator will with-
draw his motion, I think it probable that a vote
may be had on the propositions before the Senate,
without forcing a vote on the motion which he
makes, and which precludes debate. 1 think that
by common consent we can take the vote now.
Mr. PUGH. I am perfectly willing to agree
to that. We |ire within a short time of daylight,
and I do not want this business talked to death.
Let us have a vote.
Mr. LANE. I want it to be understood dis-
tinctly, that I do not wish to delay a vote; but I
hope I shall be permitted to give the reason why
I shall vote for the amendment offered by the
Senator.
Mr. PUGH. My friend from Oregon knows
that there is no man living to whom I would yield
sooner than to him, although he did not yield to
me the other day; but my object is to bring the
Senate to a vote. I should like to have a vote on
my proposition. I want to know how many
Senators are for peacc, and how many adopt the
bloody proposition of the Senator from Illinois,
! [Mr. Trumbull,] for war to bp inaugurated at
twelve o'clock to-day: I had almost,said to-mor-
row. Therefore, I expect those who arc favor of
the doctrines of his speech, and of the speech of
my colleague, will vote to lay all those resolutions
on the table; and those who are for conciliation
and peace, in some shape, will vote in the nega-
tive. If my friend from Oregon, at the close of
whatever remarks he may feel it necessary to
make, will renew my motion, I shah be very
happy to yield to him.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I hope the
Senator from Ohio will not withdraw his motion,
Mr. PUGH. My motion is to lay the joint
resolution from the House of Representatives, and
all the amendments, on the table, expecting to vote
against my own motion; and I call for the yeas'
and nays upon it,
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I hope the Sen-
ator will withdraw that motion. We can get a
vote.
Mr. PUGH. I am afraid my friend from Ark-
ansas is mistaken in -that.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Polk in
the chair.) Do I understand the Senator from
Ohio to have withdrawn his motion to lay on the
table ?
Mr. PUGH. Yes, sir; I withdraw it at the
instance of my friend from Rhode Island, [Mr-
Anthony.]
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Then, the
question is on the amendment offered by the Sen-
ator from Ohio, on which the yeas and nays have
been ordered.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. LATHAM, (when his name was called.)
I intend to vole agamfct all amendments that are
offered to the resolution of the House of Repre-
sentatives, for the reason given by the Senator
from Illinois and the Senator from Kentucky—
who voted against his own proposition—not that
I am opposed to the proposition of the Senator
from Kentucky, but because I think it is the best
way to get at the original proposition. I vote
" nay."
Mr. KENNEDY. I am instructed by my col-
league [Mr. Pearce] to say that Ire has paired
off on all these questions.
Mr. ANTHONY. I desire to state that my
colleague, [Mr. Simmons,] being quite unwell,
has gone home, and I think he has-paired off; I
do not remember with whom.
Mr. POWELL. With the Senator from North
Carolina, [Mr. Bragg.]
The result was then announced—yeas 14, nays
25; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Bright. Gwin, Hunter, Johnson
of Arkansas, Kennedy, JC ane, Mason, Nicholson., Polk,
Powell, Pugh, Thomson, and WsgfalJ—14.
NAYS —Messis. Anthony, Baker, Bigler, Binghamy
Chandler, Clark, Cuttcnden, Dixon, Doolittle. Douglas,
Fessendert, Foot, Fo&tt'r, Grimes, Hailan, John&on of Tenr-
nessee, Kim?, Latham, Mo-trill, Kiee, Sebastian, Sumnec,
Ten Eyck, Wilkinson, and Wilson—25.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr.BINGHAM. Now, sir, I offer my amend-
ment that I offered before, as a distinct proposi-
tion.
Mr. PUGH. I ask for the yeasarrd nays upon
it.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I was about to raise a ques-
tion as to whether the amendment is in order.
This is a proposition of the House for amending
the Constitution; and the amendment ae proposes
is ihat there is no necessity for amending it.
Mr. BIGLER. If ltisaproposition todestroy
the sense, then it is not in order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, The Secretary
will report the amendment.
Mr. BIGLER. If it is on an Entirely different
subject, and contrary to the sense, it is ruled out
by parliamentary law.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair has
no recollection of ever having heard the amend-
ment read.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Let it be read for informa-
tion.
The Secretary read the amendment, to strike
out all after the word " resolved/' and insert:
That the provisions of the Constitution are ample for the
pies^ivation of the Union, and the protection of all tne ma-
terial interests of the emmtiy ; that U needs to be obej e.l
rather than amended ; and that an extrication iiotn our
present daugcts is to be looked rot in ^tienuous effort4- to
prt-sei vetiie peace, protect the public propci t> , and eiifoiee
the laws, rather than in now guarantees lor particular in-
terests, cornpiomises lot paiticuiar aidieuiues, or conces-
sions to unieasonable demand?.
Resolved. That all attempts' to dissolve the present Union,
or overthrow oi abandon the present Constitution, witn the
hope or expectation of constructing a new one. are dan-
gerous, illusory, and destiuctive ; that in the opinion of tae
Senate of the United States no «ucn jeeon^truction imprac-
ticable: and therefore, to the maintenance ot the ex^stias
Union and Constitution should be directed all the eneig.es
