1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1401
of all the departments of the Government, and the efforts
of all good citizens.
Mr. BINGHAM. Mr. President, I wish to
say that this proposition is not new with me. It
was offered to the original Crittenden proposi-
tions by the honorable Senator from New Hamp-
shire, [Mr. Clark;] and it is his proposition.
The Presiding Officer, the Vice President, decided
it was in order at that time to offer it.
Mr. DOUGLAS. In order to save time, I will
withdraw the point of order; and let it be decided
on its merits.
Mr. BINGHAM. I ask for the yeas and nays
upon it.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Mr. President,
it seems to me at this hour, and also from the
very serious expression of sentiment we have
heard around this Chamber—and from no part of
it so stern and so steadily as from that portion that
has the power of this Government in its hands,
from which, or from any member of which, there
has never yet come the first single, solitary prop-
osition tending, or designed by innuendo, or which
by disguise or delusion could be declared to be de-
signed, to produce reconciliation—that Senators
should allow us to come to a vote. If I could
hope that a vote could be had, I should certainly
be perfectly satisfied; but if I cannot have- it, I
shall believe there is an attempt, on the part of
those who have shown distinctly what their con-
victions are with reference to the national crisis,
to evade even the last small point—that of casting
one frank, plain, honest vote, to show us where
we are. [" Question !"] I simply ask that we
may have a vote. I ask no more.
Mr, TEN EYCK. I hardly deem it necessary
that I should take time even to make this expla-
nation; but, to avoid misrepresentation and mis-
apprehension, I beg leave to say that I voted for
these resolutions when they were introduced by
the Senator from New Hampshire; and, as sep-
arate and distinct propositions, standing aloof
from all others, and without any other object or
effect, I should vote for them again; but I have
made up my mind to vote, steadily and distinctly,
in favor of the joint resolution of the House of
Representatives, and I do not choose to have that
incumbered or interfered with in any way. I
shall vote, therefore, persistently in the negative
upon ail amendments, and vote in the affirmative
upon that resolution.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll.
Mr POWELL. I will state to the Senate that
on this question, and all other votes to be taken
during theevening,I have paired off withtheSen-
ator from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Cameron,] who
has been unavoidably called away.
The result was then announced—yeas 13, nays
25; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bingham, Chandler, Clark, Doohttle,
Durkee, Fes&enden, Foot, King, Sumnei, Trumbull, Wade,
Wilkinson, and Wilson—13.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Baker, Bayard, Biglcr, Bright,
Crittenden, Dixon, Douglas, Fostei, Gwin, Harlan, Hunter,
Johnson of Atkansas, Johnson of Tennessee, Kennedy,
Lane, Latham, Mason, Nicholson, Polk, Pugh, lUce, Se-
ba>ttan. Ton Eyck, and Thomson—25.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. GRIMES. I understand now, that in order
to get a vote upon the proposition submitted by
the minority of the select committee, to whom
was referred the propositions of the peace confer- j
ence,itwil! be necessary to move it as an amend- ;
mentor a substitute for the proposition now under |
consideration. I therefore make that motion. Ii
desire to say, that I do not make it for the pur- j
pose of embarrassing the passage of this resolu- 1
tion, but simply to have an expression of the j
Senate upon the subject. It is in accordance with j
the exptesscd wish, I believe, of the States of i
Illinois, New Jersey, and Kentucky, that there
should be a national convention in which all these •
questions that now agitate the people of the coun- :
tiy may be taken into consideration. It is my 1
conviction that that is the only way in which
peace will be restored to the country; and for the
purpose of getting an expression of sentiment
upon that subject, I move it, expecting, however,
that it will be rejected, and then I shall vote for
the passage of the resolution.
Mr. PUGH. I arrived at that conclusion soon
after the < lection of Abraham Lincoln to the Pres-
idency of the United States; and early in this j
session, I offered a resolution to that effect. I
never could get a vote on it from Senators on the
other side of the House. I never could have it
considered. It is upon your table now, sir, offered
in the month of December; and when it is giver
to me on the eve of Mr. Lincoln's inauguration,
; I know very well it is to postpone everything
else that it is offered. I do not say to the Senator
personally, but in a political sense, it is a vague
contrivance now to bring up that which, for more
than sixty days, they have refused to consider.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I hope we shall take a vote,
and vote it right down; and then go on and take
up the original prbpositions.
Mr. MASON. Let us hear what it is. I do
not know what it is.
The Secretary read the amendment; to strike
out all after the word " whereas,"in the preamble,
to the end of the resolution, and insert the follow-
ing in lieu thereof:
The Legislatures of the States of Kcntuckv, New Jer-
sey, and Illinois have applied to Congie&s to call a conven-
tion for proposing amendments to the Constitution of the
United States: Therefore,
Be it rcsolnedhy the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United States of Jhnericain Congress assembled, That
the Legislatures of the other States be invited to take the
subject of such a convention into consideration, and to ex-
press their will on that subject to Congress, in pursuance
of the fifth article of the Constitution.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I shall vote against this
proposition without reference to its merits; but I
am ready to vote for it separately immediately
after we act on the resolution of the House.
Mr. WILSON. On this question I ask for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I find,Mr. President, that
my vote in the negative upon the proposition to
substitute what are generally called the Critten-
den resolutions for this one, is a vote that may
be subject to misapprehension, unless it is ex-
plained by the current debate of the evening. I
will explain that vote, and give my reasons for it,
although I think they are very apparent. It is
now past four o'clock m the morning of the 4th
of March, and it is evident, from obvious causes,
that it is utterly impossible that any expression
of preference for any other resolution than this
can now have any effect, or receive even the no-
tice of the House of Representatives. In taking
the course which apparently favors the House
resolution, which has passed that body, and which
is the only measure now practicable to pass here
in preference to the resolution olfered by my friend
from Kentucky, I do not mean to be understood
as voting hostile to his propositions. On the con-
trary, sir, they embody the sentiments which I
entertain in reference to this whole controversy,
more particularly than any other set of resolutions
which have been presented to the Senate during
the pending of this whole controversy. They do,
in my opinion, cover the whole ground. The
resolution which we, are about to pass, and which
I believe will pass if kept free from the incum-
brances of amendments, the effect of adopting
which would only be to destroy it, I think falls
short of its object, and does not cover the ground
in controversy between the different sections of
the Union; but that measure, for what it is worth,
I am willing should go before the country. I re-
gard it, to the extent to which it goes, as an
amendment to the Constitution, covering, at least,
one ground of difference, and healing^up one dif-
ficulty; and to this extent I am willing to support
it, for all that it is worth. Whether it should or
will be satisfactory to the people whom I represent
here, is a question which 1 intend to refer to them,
and not interpose any personal opinion of my
own, but leave them the right to settle this just
as they please. Whether Arkansas shall secede
1 from the Union or remain within it, I want at
least this much done to perfect the terms of the
Constitution. I shall leave them to determine on
; the measure, as to whether it ought to satisfy them
or not. If they take those terms of peace, I am
j satisfied. The question is theirs, not mine,
j I have thought it necessary, Mr. President, to
' say this much, lest my vote might be misunder-
' stood.
I Mr. GWIN. Mr. President, I voted for the
! amendment offered by the Senator from Ohio, be-
, cause I thought it was infinitely better than the
1 proposition before the Senate, the resolution from
, theHouseofRcpresentatives. I thinkit is entirely
! inefficient, and its passage would be entirely use-
Si less. After what we have heard to-night, and
j, what we know is the state of tfye country, it is
Ij.periectly apparent it will be a dead letter on the
jj stat ite-oook, if it passes. Nothing beneficial can
result from the passage of the resolution; but still
1 intend to vote for it. There is nothing thatcan
be proposed here, that can by any possibility tend
to quiet the country, and restore the Union as it
existed, that I will not sustain; but I believe the
resolutions that have just been voted down, offered
by the Senator from Ohio, the most effective meas-
ure that has been offered yet. I voted for them;
but I shall vote against the amendment now pro-
posed, and then shall vote for this resolution. I
nope the Senator from Illinois will persevere in
the effort that he intends to make, to give us a
vote on the Crittenden resolutions.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll, and
Mr. Anthony answered to his name.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I have an
amendment to offer. *
Mr. BIGLER. The caning"of the roll has com-
menced.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, I do not know
whether there is an amendment to an amendment
now pending; if not, I wish to move an amend-
ment.
Mr. BIGLER. There is an amendment pend-
ing.
Mr. PUGH. I hop^ the Senator will let this
amendment be voted on.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Of coarse I do
not wish to obtrude.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I merely wish
to say one word.
Mr. BIGLER. It is out of order. The call
of the roll has commenced.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
heard no response.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I should have
been through by this time.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objection is
made to the Senator's proceeding,as being out of
order. The Secretary informs the Chair that a
response was made; but, by unanimous consent,
the Chair will recognize the Senator from Ten-
nessee.
Mr. CHANDLER. I object.
The PRESIDING OFFIC'ER. Objection being
made, the Secretary will proceed with the call.
Mr. PUGH, (when his name was called.) To
show the sincerity of my desire for a convention,
I shall vote, although in very bad company,in the
affirmative.
Mr. WILSON. I believe I must vote in very
bad company; and I vote with the Senator from
Ohio. [Laughter.]
Mr. PUGH. It is very bad if I have to vote
with you.
The result was then announced—yeas 14, nays
25; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bingham, Chandler, Clark, JDoolittle,
Fcssenden, Foot, Grimes, Ivtng, Morrill, Pugh, Sumner,
Trumbull, Wilkinson, and Wilson—14.
NAYS—iMcssis. Anthony, Baker, Bigler, Bright, Crit-
tenden, Dixon, Douglas, Duikee, Foster, Gwin, HarJan,
Hunter, Johnson of Arkansas, Johnson of Tennessee, Ken- 4
J nedy, Lane, Latham, Mason, Nicholson, Polk, Kice, Se*
bu-tum, Ten Eyck, Thomson, and Wade—25.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I beg leave to
offer as an amendment, and 1 presume it will be
the last, the propositions submitted by the peace
conference. I offer them not with a belief that
they will be accepted or sustained at all. I should
be glad to see even that step taken by the party
who are to have, and who, in point of fact, do have
possession of this Government. I offer them for
the purpose of obtaining a vote upon them. I offer
them stating frankly that I shall not vote for them.
I offer them with the conviction that there is be-
tween the Representatives on the other side of the
Chamber, and those Dn the southern side, an ir-
reconcilable difference; and it ought to be pro-
claimed, and it ought to be made fiankand unmis-
takable. I offer it because it evolves truth. There
is nothing left here to this Senate, on this the last
night of the session, but this: to decltue to the
American people what is true, in order that they
j may know it, and may prepare themselves to meet
i it; that they may prepare, if they can, to recon-
cile it with peace, or to reconcile it to themselves;
to stand by all the sorrowful consequences that
shall otherwise come. This is the reason why I
present this amendment. 1 believed when I voted
