442
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 18,
extra trips reached Cortland Village in time to
connect with the great northern mail per the Sy-
racuse and Binghampton railroad. The business
upon this route seemed to require a daily mail
from Pitcher to Cortland, as well as on the return
to Pitcher, As the route extended from Cortland
to Norwich, a distance of forty miles, it became
necessary for the petitioner to employ two teams
to perform the service, and he ran a two-horse
coach on the extra trips, as well as upon the reg-
ular trips. It further appears that the compensa-
tion of $500 was inadequate for the performance of
the servicc as advertised by the Department; but
it is the fault of the petitioner if he assumed to
carry the mail for a less sum than he could rea-
sonably afford. •
Mr. COLFAX. I will state to the House that
we consulted with the Department about this bill.
The Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads
rejected the application on account of increased
quantify of the mail, but they allowed him a com-
pensation on account of the extra trips which
were necessary to be made.
If we take this bill up, call the previous question
upon it, and adjourn, it will come up the first
thing to-morrow morning.
Mr. DUELL. I trust it may be passed now.
Mr. NIBLACK. I must object to that. It
would be wrong to do so.
Mr. DUELL. I move the previous question
upon the bill.
Mr. SMITH, of North Carolina. I make no
objection to calling the previous question upon
this bill. I know that each case becomes a pre-
cedentforothers; and after members have left and
gone home, with the expectation that no business
would be transacted, I think"it would be wrong
to put any bill upon its passage.
Mr. NIBLACK. 1 will say to the House that,
upon consultation with some of my friends, we
came to the determination to pursue the course I
have indicated to-day—that some of us would re-
main here for the purpose of preventing business
being done without a quorum.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
COMPROMISE RESOLUTIONS.
Mr. TTOLMAN. I desire the unanimous con-
sent of the House to present the resolutions of a
convention of the people of Indiana, without dis-
tinction of party, in favor of the Crittenden prop-
osition, so called.
No objection being made, the resolutions wore
received and laid on the table.
And then, on motion of Mr. DUELL, (at fif-
teen minutes past four o'clock, p. m.,) the House
adjourned,
IN SENATE.
Friday, January 18, 1861.
' Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Gtjrley.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
J0XKCUTIVI5 COMMUNICATIONS.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a report of the Secretary of the Senate, show-
ing the names and compensation of the persons
employed in his office during the year 1860; which
was laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
He also laid before the Senate a report of the
Secretary of War, communicating, in obedience
to law, a statement of the expenses of the national
armories, and the arms and appendages made
thereat, during the year ending June 30, 18G0;
which, on motion of Mr. Wilson, was referred
to the Committee on Military AfFans and Militia.
He also laid before the Senate a report of the
Secretary of War, communicating, in obedience
to law, a statement of the appropriations appli-
cable to the service of the War Department dur-
ing the fiscal year ending June 30, I860; which,
■on motion of Mr. Bigler, was referred to the
Committee on Finance.
He also laid before the Senate a report of the
Secretary of the Navy, made in compliance with
a. lesoluXion of the Senate of June 23, 1^60, call-
ing for information upon various subjects per-
taining to the naval establishment; which, on
motion of Mr. Bigler, was referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs. ,
MOSKS MEEKER.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot in
the chair.) The Chair vviil lay before the Senate
two bills from the House of Representatives, for
the purpose of reference.
The bill (H. R. No. 341) for the relief of Mo-
ses Meeker was read twice by its title.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I desire in a single word
to state to the Senate precisely what that bill is;
and if there be no objection, I ask that it be put
on its passage. It has come from the House of
Representatives, and is precisely like two other
bills, which have heretofore passed both Houses,
for the repayment, to certain miners upon the min-
eral lands of Wisconsin, of rent illegally exacted
before the lands were purchased of the Indian
tribes. An agent of the Government illegally in-
sisted upon the payment of certain rents by the
miner; and this is a bill providing for their repay-
ment, because they were illegally enforced by the
agent of the Government. At the last session a
bill of a similar kind passed, and also at the ses-
sion before. It does not involve a large amount.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Wisconsin asks unanimous consent to con-
sider tiie bill, to which he refers, at the present
time.
Mr. GWIN. I have no objection, if he will
let the morning business be disposed of. I want
to offer a resolution; but I do not wish to objcct
to this bill at all.
The bill was read.
Mr. LANE. I think the hill had better go to
the Committee on Indian Affairs, or Claims, or
some other committee. I think it ought to be ex-
amined. From the reading of it, 1 cannot find
out the amount of the claim. No facts are pre-
sented in regard to it. I believe there is no report
accompanying the bill. I think it ought to be
examined; and I make a motion to refer it to the
Committee on Indian Affairs.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. A single ob-
jection being interposed, the bill cannot have its
third reading to-day. The Senator from Oregon
moves its icfercnce to the Committee on Indian
Affairs.
The motion to refer was agreed to
GEORGE II. OTDDTNGS.
The joint resolution (II. R. No. 6'2) for the
benefit of George H. Giddmgs was read twice
by its title, and referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads.
STATE OF TIIE UNION.
Mr. WADE presented resolutions of the Legis-
lature of Ohio in relation to the presentdisturbed
condition of the country; which were ordered to
he on the table and be printed.
REPORT ON TIIE FINANCES.
Mr. GWIN submitted the followingresolution;
which was referred to the Committee on Printing:
Resolved, That tlirir be printed, fertile use of tlie Senate,
ten thou-and additional copies o! the annual lepoit of the
Secietaey of the Tiea-tirv on the finance-*, and live hun-
dred additional copies of the bamcfoi tlie use of the Treas-
ury Department.
MOUNTAIN MEADOWS MASSACRE.
Mr. LATHAM submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to.
Resolved, That tlie Sccretaiy of War trans-nut to tliis body
the report made by Major James Henry Carleton, of the
United States Annj, lelatmg to the massacre of one hun-
hundred and twenty men, women, and eluldien, at the
Mountain Meadow.*, Utah 'JViritory, m September, 1857;
and all othei papers lelatmg thereto.
POUT OF CHARLESTON.
Mr. SUMNER. I offer the following resolu-
tion, and ask for its immediate consideration.
Resolved, That the Pie^idt-nt of the United States be re-
quested, it not incompatible with the public interest*, to i
turm->h to the Senate a copy of all leeent correspondence
between the Department of State and any ministers ot
foreign Powers at \Va.-hini?ton, with icfererico to fotejgn
vessels in the poit ol Charleston. ,
Mr. BIGLER. Let it lie over.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objection be-
ing made, it lies over.
LIEUTENANT T. A. SI. CRAVEN.
Mr. MASON. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations to report a joint res-
olution. It is an acknowledgment of a compli-
ment paid to one of our naval officeis by a foreign i
Government. The correspondence is very brief. !
1 hope the resolution will be passed at once. i
The joint resolution (S. No. 58) authorizing
LieuteiiantT. A. M. Craven,United States Navy,
to receive certain marks of distinction tendered
him by the Spanish Government was read twice.
It proposes to authorize Lieutenant T. A. M.
Craven, of the Navy of the United States, to ac-
cept from the Spanish Government a medal and
diploma tendered him in acknowledgment of the
services rendered by him to the seamen of the
Spanish vessel Bella, wrecked on Cayo Gunichos,
in June last.
Mr. MASON. There is a brief letter from the
Spanish minister reciting the service, and asking
the Government to permit the lieutenant to re-
ceive this acknowledgment. If any gentleman
asks for its reading, let it be read.
Several Senators. It is nqt necessary.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot.)
The Chair hears no objection to the considera-
tion of the joint resolution. It is before the Sen-
ate as in Committee of the Whole.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate, ordered to be engrossed for a third reading,
read the third time, and passed.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. KENNEDY presented twelve memorials
of citizens of Washington county, Maryland,
praying the adoption of the compromise meas-
ures proposed by Mr. Crittenden; which were
ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. BIGLER presented a memorial of citizens
of Carbon county, Pennsylvania; a memorial of
citizens of Littlestown, Adams county, Pennsyl-
vania; four memorials of citizens of Easton, Penn-
sylvania; seven petitions of citizens of Philadel-
phia, Pennsylvania; and two petitions of citizens
of Lehigh county, Pennsylvania, severally pray-
ing the adoption of the compromise measuies pro-
posed by Mr. Crittenden; which were ordered
to lie on the table.
Mr. TEN EYCK. I ask leave to present the
petition of H. J. Wood and many others, citi-
zens of Ilockaway, Morris county, New Jersey,
asking Congress to pass a joint resolution at once,
recommending the peopie'of the several States to
meet in convention on the 2*2d of February next,
to appoint delegates to a national eomentionto
be held in Independence Hall, Philadelphia, on the
4th of March following, to promote the general
welfare of the country, and for other purposes. I
ask that it may be referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
It was so referred.
Mr. TEN EYCK. I also ask leave to present
resolutions of a public meeting recently held at
Trenton,New Jersey,respecting the present pos-
ture of public affairs, and tendering to the General
Government all necessary support in the main-
tenance of the Constitution and the laws. I ask
that they be received, and lie on the table.
It was so ordered.
Mr. CHANDLER. I desire to present the
memorial of Robert W. Davis, collector of the
port of Detroit, and thirty others, mostly Demo-
cratic officeholders of that city, asking for the
passage of the Crittenden proposition. I move
that it lie on the table.
It was so ordered.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Mr. President, I have
been honored by the request of many of my fel-
low-citizens unknown to me, but believed to be
highly respectable, to present various memorials
or petitions to Congress, the object of which is
to request that the two Houses will adopt the
resolutions of compromise and adjustment which
I had the honor to present. Here is, first, one
from Monongalia county, Virginia. Here is an-
other from citizens of Philadelphia; another from
citizens of Coles county, Illinois. Here, sir, are
about thirty on the same subject, and to the same
effect, chiefly from Detroit, one or two, perhaps,
from citizens of other parts of Michigan. I beg
leave to present them to the rcspcctful considera-
tion of the Senate, and ask that they lie on the
table.
They were ordered to lie on the table.
NOTICE OF A BILL.
Mr. SEBASTIAN gave notice of his intention
to ask leave to introduce a bill to indemnify the
surwvors of the massacre by Moimons and In-
dians at Mountain Meadows, in Utah Territory,
m 1857.
