1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
443
WITHDRAWAL OF PAPERS.
On motion of Mr. SEBASTIAN, it was
Ordered, That leave be granted to withdraw the papers
in the case of Livingston, Kinkead & Co.
REPORT FROM A COMMITTEE.
JMr. SEBASTIAN from the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, to whom was referred a letter from
the Secretary of the Interior, communicating a
map of the Indian territories within tiie United
States, together with a copy of the report of the
Commissioner of Indian affairs accompanying the
same, asked to be discharged from its farther
consideration; which was agreed to.
O. F. D. FAIRBANKS AND OTHERS.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I ask the indulgence of
the Senate to'enable me to correct a mistake that
I committed the other day in reporting back the
bill for the relief of 0. P. D. Fairbanks, Frederick
Dodge, and the Pacific Mail Steamship Company.
I reported it back without asking for the consid-
eration of the bill at that time. It is a bill to re-
lieve a Government officer from the payment of a
small amount of money which was advanced by
the United States and applied to a proper object.
It passed the House of Representatives, and I hope
the Senate will indulge me by its present consid-
eration. It is House bill No. 127. I move to
take it up.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (H.
R. No. 127) for the relief of 0. F. D. Fairbanks,
Frederick-Dodge, and the Pacific Mail Steamship
Company, was considered as in Committee of the
Whole. It provides for the payment toO. F. D.
Fairbanks of §250; to Frederick Dodge, Indian
agent at Carson's Valley, of $614 38; and to the
Pacific Mail Steamship Company of §412 50, for
transportation, clothing, and board of the survi-
vors of the Sublette Cut-off massacre, in Utah
Territory, on the 27th of July, 1859.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
a third reading, read the third time, and passed.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Hays, Chief Clerk, announced that the
Speaker had signed the following enrolled bills
and joint resolution; which thereupon received
the signature of the Vice President:
A bill (S. No. 97) to authorize the institution
of a suit against the United States to test the title
to lots numbered five and six in Hospital square
in San Francisco; '
A bill (S. No. 539) to continue in force an act
therein mentioned relating to the port of Balti-
more; and
A joint resolution (S. No. 57) authorizing the
Secretary of the Treasury to permit the owners
of the steamboat John C. Fremont to change the
name of the same to that of Horizon.
SLAVLRY QUESTION.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. On a former day the
honorable Senator from Pennsylvania [Mr. Cam-
eron] moved to reconsider a vote of the Senate.
I ask now that that subject be taken up, and that
the Senate will vote on -the motion to reconsider,
hoping that the motion will be carried, and the
subject then laid over until to-morrow.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Kentucky moves to take up the motion of
the Senator from Pennsylvania, to reconsider the
vote by which the resolutions of the Senator from
New Hampshire, [Mr. Clark,] as a substitute
for the original resolutions of the Senator from
Kentucky, were adopted.
Mr. CLARK. I hope that will not be done
now. I hope the vote on the motion to recon-
sider, at any rate, will not be taken when the Sen-
ate is not full, and when it is not expected. I
have no objection to taking up the motion and
fixing a time for its consideration, so that every-
body may understand when it is coming up; but
I object to voting on it at the present time, when
the Senate is not full.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair un-
derstands the Senator from Kentucky to move to
take up that subject now with a view to fixing a
day hereafter for its consideration. Is the Chair
in error?
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I desire to have the
rote taken on the motion to reconsider, and after
the subject is reconsidered, then it can be post-
poned.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on taking up the motion for consideration at
this time.
The motion was agreed to—ayes twenty-five,
noes not counted.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now is on the motion of the Senator from Penn-
sylvania to reconsider the vote adopting the
amendment offered by the Senator from New
Hampshire [Mr. Clark] as a substitute for the
resolutions of the Senator from Kentucky.
Mr. CAMERON. My motion was made to
accommodate the Senator from Kentucky; but I
shall vote with my friends on this side.
Mr. SUMNER called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered; and being taken, resulted
—yeas 27, nays 24; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayaid, Bigler, Bragg, Bright, Clingman,
Crittenden, Douglas, Fitch, Green, civil), Hemphill, Hun-
ter, Johnson of Arkansas, Johnson of Tennessee, Kennedy,
Lane, Latham, Mason, Nicholson, Pcarce, Polk, Poivefl,
Push, Riee. Saulsbury, Sebastian, and Slidell—27.
1VAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Baker, Bingham, Cameron,
Chandler, Clark, Collamer, Dixon, Dooliltle, Fes«endcn,
Fool, Foster, Gi mies. Hale, Harlan, King, Seward, Sim-
mons, Sumner, Ten Eyek, Wade, Wigfall, Wilkinson, and
Wilson—24.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. So the Senate
reconsiders the vote agreeing to the amendment
of the Senator from New Hampshire, and the
question now recurs on agreeing to that amend-
ment.
Mr. BIGLER. If I understand the position of
things now, the amendment can be amended.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment of the Senator from New Hampshire is the
question before the Senate, and it is open to
amendment.
Mr. BIGLER. I move to amend the amend-
ment of the Senator fiom New Hampshire by
striking But all after the word " that," and insert-
ing what I send to the Chair. I will state that it
is the proposition which I submitted here the
other day; and, as I understand the Senator from
Kentucky desires to lay the measure over, I shall
not ask for the reading of the amendment unless
it is desired.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I will ask leave to lay a
couple of amendments on the table, and have an
order made to print them infoimally.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That carries
the whole subject to the table.
Mr. DOUGLAS. No; I propose to lay on the
table two amendments which I will hereafter
offer, and I only ask an order to print them.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The order to
print will be made by common consent.
Mr. GW1N. Is there anything before the Sen-
ate now?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment of the Senator from New Hampshire is be-
fore the Senate, and the amendment to that amend-
ment offered by the Senator from Pennsylvania.
Mr. BIGLER. It is time, sir, that we had dis-
posed of this question if we intend to act on it;
and I suggest to Senators whether we cannot, by
common consent, agree to take up this subject to-
morrow, and hold a session specially for that pur-
pose, with the understanding that we shall dispose
of it finally, either to-monow or Monday. ["Mon-
day!" "Monday!"] I suggest to the Senator fiom
Kentucky, that I will agree to any day which he
will indicate, to-morrow or Monday, for the final
disposition of this question. I am unwilling to
indicate a day without knowing what the views
of the Senator from Kentucky are.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is still pending on the amendment offered by the
Senator from Pennsylvania to the amendment of
the Senator from New Hampshire.
Mr. HALE. Has that amendment been read?
Mr. BIGLER. I move that the further con-
sideration of the subject be postponed until one
o'clock on Monday. ["To-morrow!" "To-mor-
row!"] Well, one o'clock to-morrow. ["Oh, |
no; Monday !"] I will state that I am under the j
apprehension that several .Senators have made
arrangements in reference to to-morrow, which
will make it very difficult for them to be present.
I will submit a motion that the further considera-
tion of the resolutions be postponed until one
o'clock on Monday, and I should beglad to have
an understanding that we shall vote finally and
conclusively on the subject on Monday.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Pennsylvania moves to postpone the reso-
lutions until Monday at one o'clock, and make
therp the special order for that hour.
The motion was agreed to.
ROBERT A. MATTHEWS.
Mr. IVERSON. I ask the indulgence of the
Senate to take upasmall bill, which was reported
from the Committee on Private Land Claims at
the last session, to refund to the attorney of
Charles W. Tosh the sum of $200, paid by him
on the entry of a tract of land. Tne tract was
subsequently ascertained to have been covered by
a railroad grant, and the certificate of entry has
been canceled by the Department.
Mr. CAMERON. I desire to make a motion
in the morning hour.
Mr. IVERSON. This will only take a few
minutes.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is utterly
impracticable to proceed with business in thegen-
eral confusion that prevails.
Mr. CAMERON. I desire to make a motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
be obliged to suspend the business of the Senate
until the Senate sees fit to come to order.
Mr. CAMERON. I want to ask the Senator
to withdraw his motion.
Mr. IVERSON. This bill will not take five
minutes; there is no difficulty about it; itis merely
to refund $200 paid under a mistake. I move to
take up Senate bill No. 321, for the relief of Rob-
ert A. Matthews.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Read the bill'.
The Secretary read the bill, which proposes to
direct the Commissioner of the General Land
Office to pay to Robert A. Matthews, attorney of
Charles W. Tosh, the amount received from Tosh
for one hundred and fifty-five and sixty-two hun-
dredths acres of land, entered by him at the land
office at Sioux City, in the State of Iowa, on the
2d October, 1856, as per register's certificate and
receiver's receipt, both numbered four hundred
and fifty-five, the entry having since been can-
celed as embracing land within the limits of the
railroad grants made by Congress by act ap-
proved 15th May, 1856.
The motion to take up the bill was agreed to;
and it was read the second time, and considered
as in Committee of the Whole, and reported to
the Senate.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That bill comes from a
committee of which I am a member; but I have
no sort of recollection of it, and I should like to
have some explanation made of it.
Mr. PUGH. Is that a bill to refund money
for a false entry of land?
Mr. IVERSON. Yes, sir.
Mr.PUGII. I should like to hear an explana-
tion of it. The practice of the office, and, I be-
lieve, the law, is to repay the money wherever
the entry is canceled, unless there are some par-
ticular circumstances. Therefore, if it is an ordi-
nary case, I do not see the necessity of the bill;
and if it is an extraordinary case, i should like
to have a little explanation.
Mr. IVERSON. I understand, from the per-
son who is attorney in this case—Mr. Matthews
—that theLand Office cannotorwillnotrefundthe
money. I do not know on what ground, unless
that they have not power, and it requires an act
of Congress. It was reported from the Commit-
tee on Private Land Claims; and probably the
chairman of that committee can explain it.
Mr. BENJAMIN. My recollection of the bill
at this moment is, that the party applying for
this money has a power of attorney authorizing
him to receive it; but a power of attorney bear-
ing a date anterior to that of the issuing of the
warrant, and, under the laws as they stand, that
is equivalent to a transfer, which is forbidden by
law, prior to the issuing of the warrant. The
party to whom the money has been advanced has
gone to some foreign country, and cannot be
found to renew his power; and the Land Office
therefore desires some authority to l-ecognize this
power of attorney, to enable it to pay the money;
that is the difficulty.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed, and read
the third time; and it was read the third time,
and passed.
CAPTAIN E. A. OAPRON-.
Mr. WILKINSON. I moveto take up House
