1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
urn
take to say. I f the time shall ever come forme to
act and vote directly on these propositions, I shall
be ready to take the responsibility. 1, in com-
mon with every Republican whom I have heard
speak on this subject, have declared over and over
again, in public and in private, that we were ,ut-
teily opposed to any attempt on the part of any
one to interfere with the domestic institutions of
the people of this Union within the limits of the
several States; that we have no business to inter-
fere with them; and in that point of view, when
the time comes for me to vote, I shall vote on my
responsibility. I am willing, under the circum-
stances of the case, to afford the people of this
country, acting through their Legislatures, the
most of which are yet to be elected, an opportu-
nity of saying what they wish in relation to this
matter.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
without amendment, and ordered to a thud read-
ing. It was lead the third time.
Mr. BIGLER called for the yeas and nays on
the passage of the joint lesolution; and they were
ordered.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. PUGH, (when his name was called.) I
regard the resolution of no value whatever; but,
as snmp of my friends think otherwise, I vote in
the affirmative.
The list of y^as and nays was read, as follows:
YEAS—Mobprs. Anthony, Baker, Bigler, Blight, Crit-
tenden, Dixon, Douglas, Fostei, Gnines, Gwuf, JJailan,
Hunter. Johnson ot Tennessee, Kennedy, Latham, Mason,
Moirill, Nicholson, Polk, Pugh, Riee, Sebastian, Ten Byck,
and Thomson—*>4.
NAYS—Messrs. Binsham, Cltandlci. ClaiK, Doolittle,
Duikee, Foot, King, Sumner, Tiumlmll, Wade, Wilkin-
son. and VVi^on—12.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Polk in
the chair.) The yeas aie 24, and the nays 1'2.
Two thuds of 
Mr. TRUMBULL. Before the vote is an-
nounced,! desire to call the attention of the Chair
to the decision he is about to make. The Consti-
tution of the United States provides 
Mr. DOUGLAS, I suppose the result is an-
nounced.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. It is announced—yeas
24} nays Y2.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I suppose the Chair—as
in one event I shall appeal (torn its decision—
would, perhaps, like to hear a suggestion before
it decides
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Illinois wiil allow the Chair. The ChaLr
had proceeded so far as to say that the affirmative
vote was 24, and the nays 12.
Mr. BIGLER. What is the Chair to decide.
Nothing on the face of the earth. The Constitu-
tion decides the whole question.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
was about to proceed fmtlier, and at that point
the Senator from Illinois addressed the Chair.
Mr. BIGLER. That is all the Chair had to do.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator from Penn-
sylvania wishes the ('hair to decide, I will appeal
from Ins dei ision. He will gain nothing by it.
Mr. BIGLER. The Chair has nothing to de-
cide.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Chair has something
to decide.
Mr. BIGLER. The Chair has decided the
fact.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Constitution of the
United Stafes declares that—
a ConLri^-u. whcnevei two thuds of both Uou?e<= shall
deem u neet'M?aiy, shall piopo>e amendments to tliib Con-
stitution ''
The Constitution of the United States also de-
clares:
"Each House shall be the judee of the election", re-
turns, and ijuahficauone of its own niembeis, and a. majur-
itv of each --Jiiili constitute a quorum."
In deciding what is a majority of the House to
do business, the Senate has, since I have been a
member of the body, uniformly, I think,required
a majority of all the members of the Senate to be
present; which, I believe, is thirty-four. Now,
the same language is used as to the body of which
a two-thirds vote is required to pass a constitu-
tional amendment as is used in regard to the body
of which it takes a majority to make a quorum.
To constitute two thirds of the Senate, how many
votes must you haver To constitute a quorum,
you must have a majority of the Senate, iftocon-
stitute a quorum of the Senate requires a major-
ity of all the Senators of the United States, so to
constitute a two-thirds vote of the Senate, must
it not require two thirds of all the Senators of the
United States? I have stated the questions for
the decision of the Chair.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I ask that the result be an-
nounced; and then an appeal may be taken.
Mr. PUGH. I remember the point which the
Senator from Illinois makes was made at the first
session of Congress, on the first ten amendments
of the Constitution, and was decided against.
Two thirds of a quorum was then decided to be
enough; and the Journals of the Senate and the
House of Representatives show it.
Mr. DIXON. I rise to a question of order. I
inquire of the Chair if this debate is in order. If
it is not, I object.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I ask for the announcement
of the result.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senate will
allow the Chair to announce the result on the vote
again. The yeas are 24, and the nays are 12. The
Chair announces that two thirds of the Senators
voting have voted for sustaining the amendment
to the Constitution.
Mr. GRIMES. I now move that the Senate
adjourn until ten o'clock.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Chair has decided
that the amendment is carried, I appeal from the
decision of the Chair, on the ground that the con-
stitutional majority has not voted for the amend-
ment; and on that question I ask for the yeas and
nays. I wish the precedentmerely; I do not wish
any debate about it; but I should like to have the
solemn decision of the Senate that two thirds of a
quorum has a ri°ht to present amendments to the
Constitution. The Senator from Ohio says it has
been settled. I should like to have it settled again.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
ask that the rule be read.
The Secretary read the 44th rule, as follows:
" When an amendincntto be proposed to tho Constitution
is undei considiMation, tin: conetmence of two thuds of the
members pioetit shall not be lequiMte to d-'cide any ques-
tion lor amendment, oi extending to the met it.-, being ohoit
ol the final question.
Mr. PUGH. The Senator from Illinois asked
me to repeat my statement.
Mr. TRUMBULL. No, sir. I said that I un-
derstood the Senator from Ohio to say that the
question had been already decided.
Mr. PUGH. I do say so.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not wish to deny it,-
but I said I wished the precedent set, that we
might have it decided again.
Mi. PUGII. J. tell the Senator that I have ex-
amined the Journal. It became impoitant about
four years ago upon the question of overruling
one of the veto messages of the President.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Ohio will pause. The Chair will decide
(but with some hesitation as to its correctness,
and with an impression prima facie the other way)
on the statement made by the Senator from Ohio,
which ho supposes to be a correct statement of
the pn cedent, that tuo thirds have voted for the
amendment, and that therefore it is proposed by
the Senate of the United States, as an amendment
to the Constitution, to be acted on by the States.
Mr. PUGH. I had better make my statement
complete, so that Senators will understand it. It
appears by the Journal of the Senate, and I think
also of the House of Representatives—certainly
by the Journal of the Senate—that when the first
ten amendments wore adopted, it is stated that,
being concurred in by two thirds of the Senators
present, they were remitted to the States for rati-
fication. It was important for us to examine it
about four years ago upon the question of over-
ruling a veto message of the President, and the
Journals were broughtm and read. Ourold Sec-
retory called my intention to them privately, and
they were read from the Secretary's desk, and
there is no question that the practice has been that,
m declaring thatamajonty of the Senate is a quo-
rum, it means to declare that that is the Senate.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I hope there will be no
debate; let us take a vote, for we want to take a
recess, if there is no other business.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senate will see that
it takes very few more votes to propose a consti-
tutional amendment than to enact ordinary legis-
lation under the rules. 1 do not wish to discuss
it, but merely to put upon the records of the Sen-
ate the precedent.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Do I under-
stand the Senator from Illinois to take an appeal ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes, sir; with the view
of getting an expression of the Senate. I want
the yeas and nays on that.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. MASON. I shall vote in the affirmative,
to sustain the opinion of the Chair; and I shall
do so reserving to myself the liberty of changing
that vote at any future day, if I should be here,
on reconsidering the question. My impression
of the text of the Constitution is, that it does re-
quire two thirds of the whole Senate, but there
seems to be a construction placed by the Senate
otherwise. The 44th rule of the Senate seems to
me to have placed a construction on the clause in
the Constitution. That 44th rule is this:
When an amendment to be propo&ed to the Constitu-
tion is under consideration, the concurrence of two thirds
of the members present shall not be requisite to decide any
question for amendments, or extending to the merits, being
shoit of the final question."
That would seem to be a construction of the
rule.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 33, nay 1; as follows:
YEAS—Mosrs. Anthony, Raker, Jlisler, Bingham,
Bright, Chandler, Clark, Cuttenden, Dixon, Doolittle,
Douulas, Dmkee. Fessenden, Foot, Foster, Gumes, Gwm,
HaiJan, Hunter, Johnson ofTennessco, Kennedy, Latham,
Mason, Nicholson, Pugh, ltiec, SebaUuui, Sumner, Ten
Eyefc, Thomson, Tiumbull, Wilkiu.son, and Wilson—33.
NAY—Mr. Wade—1.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained.
Mr. PUGH. I should like to have this read,
in order that it may go into the Globe, and make
an end of this c.unti oveisy.
Mr. MASON. I object to it.
The following is the extract from the Journal
of the Senate, referred to by Mr. Pugii:
" Wednfsday, September 9, 1789.
c: Rcsolccd. That the Senate do concur in the resolve of
the llou^ of'Kepresentatives on 'aiticics to be piopo^ed to
the s of the States, a- amendment to the Con-
stitution of the United Slates,' with amendments; two
Umd  of the Senator pes cut concuiiiiig thetein."5
Mr. DOUGLAS and others addressed the Chair.
w THE SLAVERY QUESTION.
Mr. MASON I understand I have tho floor.
I ask the Senate now to take up for consideration
the amendments to the Constitution offered by the
Senator from Kentucky.
Mr. HARLAN. I have been put in charge of
two bills in relation to the public lands; they are
mere formal matters, and will take but a few
minu tes.
Mr. MASON. I do not waive my motion.
Mr. RICE. The Senator from Iowa will have
an opportunity hereafter.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, r< sinned the consid-
eration of the joint resolution (S. No. 54) intro-
duced by Mr. Crittenden, proposing certain
amendments to the Constitution of the United
States.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The pending
question is on theamendment of the Senator fiom
' Pennsylvania, [Mi. I'jgler,] to sttike out all
after the word "that," and insert a substitute,
winch will bo road.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I think there is a mistake in
the joint resolution. The one the Senator from
Virginia called up was the report of the peace
conference, I think.
Mr. MASON. No; the resolution of the Sen-
ator from Kentucky.
The Secretary commenced the reading of Mr.
Bigleu's amendment.
Mr. MASON. I do not know the exact con-
dition of that amendment. What I wanted to
call up was the pioposition presented by the Sen-
ator from Kentucky, and which was amended on
the motion of his colleague.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
state to the Senator from Virginia that his recol-
lection of the condition of the question is, that the
proposition was amended by the adoption of the
resolution offered by the Senator from New Hamp-
shire, [Mi. Clark,] and then that amendment
was proposed to b<* amended, on tho motion of
the Senator from Pennsylvania, by the matter
which the clerk is just reading.
Mr. IjIGLER. I recollect very well the con-
