1404
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
dition of the question. I offered an amendment,
to strike out the amendment of the Senator from
New Hampshire. With the conscnt of the Sen-
ate, I will withdraw my amendment. By unan-
imous conscnt, it may be withdrawn. ["Agreed!"
" Agreed!"]
The PRESIDING OFFICER,. That amend-
ment will be considered as withdrawn, there being
no objection. The question then recurs on the
amendment of the Senator from New Hampshire.
Mr. BIGLER. Now, by unanimous conscnt,
I propose to withdraw the amendment of the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire. [Laughter.]
The PRESIDING OFFICER, it it is pro-
posed that, by unanimous consent, the amend-
ment be withdrawn. The Chair must state frankly
that, after the amendment has been adopted by
the Senatej he doubts whether it can be with-
drawn.
Mr. BIGLER. It has not been adopted.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It has been
adopted.
Mr, BIGLER. Unanimous consent can do
anything,
Mr. KING. Yon cannothave unanimous con-
sent.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
state to the Senator from Pennsylvania that the
Chair's idea of propriety and regularity in the
case would be to move a reconsideration.
Mr. CLARK. A reconsideration was moved
and carried; and after the reconsideration was
carried, the Senator from Pennsylvania moved
his amendment. The question now stands upon
the adoption of the amendment which I proposed,
that havino- been once reconsidered.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. I am told that
the record verifies the statement just made by the
Senator from New Hampshire.
Mr. CLARK. I have no doubt of it. I am
very distinct in my recollection.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from New
Hampshire.
Mr. BIGLER. 1 hope Senators will vote that
down, because it was understood we were to have
a fair vote on the main question.
Mr. BINGHAM called for the yeas and nays;
and they were ordered. *
Mr. CLARK. That there may be no misun-
derstanding, 1 ask whether the question now is
not distinctly on the amendment I moved to the
Crittenden resolutions, which was once adopted
and aftei wards reconsidered?
Mr. KING. I should like to hear the amend-
ment read.
Mr. MASON. My recollection is that it was
offered as a substitute.
Mr. CLARK. It was.
Mr. KING. I should like to hear the propo-
sition we are now to vote upon; it lias not been
read.
The Secretary read the amendment; which is,
to strike out all after the word " resolved," and
insert:
That the provision*-of the Constitution arc ample foi the
preservation of the Union, and the protection of all the ma-
teual inteicsts ot the country; that it nerds to he obeyed
railiei than amended: and that on e\tuc<ition fiom tho pies-
ent dangeis is to be looked lor m f-tienuous efforts to pre-
serve the peace, piotect the public propetty, and en'mceilte
lawf, raiherthan m new guarantees for paruculai mtcic^ts,
compromises for particular difficulties, oi concessions, to
unreasonable demand*.
Resolved, That all attempts to dissolve the present Union,
fir overtluow or abandon the present Constitution, with the
hope or expectation of consfiuctmir a new one, are dan-
gerou--, illu^ou, and destructive: that, in the opinion of
the Senate of the Tinted States no >ueh iceonstiuction is
practicable; and therefore, to the manifnaiice ot the ex-
isting Union  ind Con-mutton should be din-cfd all the
eneigieh of ali the departments ol the Government, and the
efforts of ail good citi/en1*.
Mr. CLARK. It might be expected, as 1
offered that substitute, that I would say something
in its support; but, as the session is drawing- so
near a close, though i am prepared, I shall waive
the opportunity, and let the vote be taken.
Mr. WILSON. We have voted on that sev-
eral times, and I surest that it be withdrawn,
and let us vote directly on the resolutions.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It cannot be
withdrawn, tho yeas and nays having been or-
dered.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. ANTHONY, (when his on me was called.)
Without any reference to the me Ms of this amend-
ment, I shall vote against it for the purpose of
allowing the Senator from Kentucky to obtain a
vote on his resolution. I vote "nay."
Mr. BAKER, (when his name was called.)
Without reference to the merits of this amend-
ment, I shall vote against it, in order to get an
opportunity to vote against the resolution of the
Senator from Kentucky.
The result was announced—yeas 14, nays 22;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bingham, Chandler, Clark, Doolittle,
Durkee, Fessenrien, Foot, Harlan, King, Morrill, Sumner,
Trumbull, Wade, and Wilkinson—14.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Baker, Bayard, Bigler, Bright,
Crittenden, Dixon, Douglas, Foster, Gwm, Hunter, John-
son of Tennessee, Kennedy, Lane, Latham, Mason, Nich-
olson, Polk, Pugh, Rice, Sebastian, and Ten Eyck—22.
So the amendment was rejected.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate,
as amended.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Clerk will
read the amendment made to the resolution us in
Committee of the Whole.
The Secretary read the first amendment; which
was, on page 3, line fourteen, after the word "Ter-
ritory," to insert:
Now held or hereafter to be acquired.
The amendment was concurred in.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I intend to be perfectly
consistent in my course on this subject. I look
upon the result of the deliberations of the peace
congress, as they call it here, as affording the best
opportunity for a general concurrence among the
States and among the people. I determined to
take it m preference to my own proposition, and
so stated to many of the members of that conven-
tion. I now propose the propositions agreed to
by them as a substitute for my own.
Mr. MASON. I understand from the colleague
of the honorable Senator that there is another
amendment of his pending, on which a vote has
not been taken. The resolution must be perfected
before the Senator can offer a substitute.
Mr. POWELL. The amendment I proposed
about future acquired territory was adopted by
yeas and nays; but there were three* other amend-
ments that I proposed that have not been voted
on.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Unless there
is some order to the contrary, the clerk will read
tho amendments seriatim.
Mr. BINGHAM. I suppose there will be no
division called for.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
put the question on all the amendments together,
at the suggestion of the Senator from Michigan.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I do not know what the
amendments are; but I desire to vote for the Crit-
tenden proposition; not on the Crittenden prop-
osition as amended by others.
Mr. BIGLER. I hope the amendments will
be withdrawn
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Clerk will
read the amendments, and the Senate will know
what they are voting on.
The Secretary read them, as follows:
After line forty-*i\\ inscit:
But the Alrican s-lavc trade, shall be forever suppressed ;
and it shalllbc the duty of Congress to make such laws as
shall be necessary atul effectual to pievent the initiation
oi importation of slaves, oi persons owing seivieeor labor,
into the United States from any foreign country, place, or
jurisdiction wlntever.
See. '2. That persons committing erimcs against the
rights of those who hold peisons to service or labor in one
State, and fleeing to another, shall be delivered up in the
same manner as persons committing other crimr^ ; and
that the laws of the States from which cueh peisons flee
shall be the te^t of criminality.
lc. 3. Congi ess shall pass efficient laws foi the punish-
ment of all peisons in uny of the States who shall in anv
manner aid and abet invasion or insurrection m anv other
State, oi commit any other act tending to disturb the tian-
quillity ot its people, or government ol any other State.
The amendment was concurred in.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I came here this morn-
ins, without the least expectation of any vote
being taken on this proposition of mine. It has
never been in a condition before where I was pre-
pared to offer amendments to it. I had amend-
ments which I intended to propose, not intending
to make material changes, as I supposed, in sub-
stance and effect, hut changing the phraseology,
particularly of the first article, in winch I propose
to substitute an amendment, to declare moiely that
the status of persons held to servitude or labor
under the laws of any State shall continue with
the laws thus unchanged, as long as the Territory
remains under a territorial government; and when
it forms a constitution, to come into the Union as
a State, to be received with or without slavery.
All my papers and the amendments which 1 pre-
pared are at my room, not here. That is the con-
dition of the thing.
Mr. HUNTER. The resolution stands now
as several States have instructed for it, and I hope
we shall have a vote on it.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I now move to substi*
tute the resolutions of the peace convention. I
have declared that I would do this, that I would
abandon my own resolution, and take that pro-
posed by the peace conference.
Mr. HUNTER. Then I call for the yeas and
nays on the amendment of the Senator from Ken-
tucky.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Chair
understand the Senator from Kentucky to offer, as
an amendment to the resolution now before the
Senate, the resolution of the peace conference ?
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Yes, sir.
Mr. HUNTER. That is an amendment, and
on that I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I wish to say a word
in explanation; of course, I shall make no speech
at this hour. I have examined the propositions
offered by that convention; they contain, in my
judgment, every material provision that is con-
tained in the resolution called the Crittenden res-
olution. The resolution that I offered contained
nothing substantial that has not been adopted by
the convention, except m one particular, and that
particular is this: they reject so much of the res-
olution offered by me as embraced future acquired
territory. They said it was enough to settle in
regard to the territory we now hold; and they
have substituted a provision which, I think, ought
to be perfectly satisfactory, as to acquisition of
future territory. They say none shall be ac-
quired, unless it be by a two-thirds vote of the
Senate, which two-thirds vote shall include a ma-
jority of the Senators from the slaveholding States,
as well as a majority of the Senators from the
North. That gives ample security to the South;
it gives ample security to the North. No terri-
tory can be acquired without the approbation of
both sections of the Union; and having this in
their power, they can then make any previous
arrangement in regard to slavery that they please,
before the acquisition of territory. That is the
way they dispose of future acquisitions. I pre-
fer it to the disposition made m the resolutions
which I submitted to the Senate. 1 therefore offer
them, and for other reasons: out of deference to
that great body of men selected on the resolution
of Virginia, and invited by Virginia herself. The
body having met, and being composed of such
men, and a majority of that convention concur-
ring in these resolutions, I think they come to us
with a sanction entitling them to consideiation;
therefore I have moved them.
Mr. GWIN. I hope the substitute will not be
adopted. The very reason the Senator has given
in favor of it, with reference to the acquisition of
future territory, I think should be the cause of Us
beingvoted down. I am sure Senators from north-
ern States should not vote for such an amendment
as this: because the first acquisition, if we get any
at all, will be the very kind of acquisition that the
northern States want. It is well known that if
we had had the same counsels in 1854 that we
had in 1803, we should have acquired the whole
Russian Pacific territory to Bchring straits. If
Thomas Jefferson had been President, we should
have got the whole of the Pacific possessions of
Russia, as we got Louisiana from France, on the
same principle; and I believe the first acquisition
of territory we shall get will be the Russian pos-
sessions to Behring straits. I hope this amend-
ment of the Constitution will not be voted for by
those who are in favor of acquiring territory,
especially wluch will give us such important ad-
vantages on the Pacific ocean. I am utterly op-
posed to restricting all acquisition hereafter ;
especially on the Pacific coast of the United States,
both north and south. I hope this amendment
will be voted down.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I was exceedingly anxious
to get a separate and distinct vote, first oil the
pence coiifetence proposition, and then on the
Crittenden proposition, as perfected by the Sena-
