1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
445
desire this annexation to Kansas. I have a me-
morial here, which was examined, setting forth
the reasons why it ought to be so; and I think
that but for political considerations, creating great
anxiety to bring Kansas in now, right or wrong,
we should all assent to this proposed change of
boundary. In some six or eight cases of States
admitted heretofore, we have done the same thing.
We changed the boundary of Iowa; we changed
the boundary of Michigan; and in regard to sev-
eral other States, if we did not change the bound-
ary we made other chayges, which required the
constitution to go back to them to receive then-
subsequent assent.
The question now is this: is it right, as a prin-
ciple of political economy, as wise legislators, to
add that portion of Nebraska to Kansas; or is it
not? It is not whether it will delay the admission
of the State; for that consideration never did op-
erate upon the minds of Senators in any other
case; but the questionis: is it right, in parceling
out the territory, in shaping States, and leaving
territory to be shaped into future States hereafter,
that this should be annexed to Kansas? I think
it eminently proper; I think it proper from the
character of the country. When Kansas was
originally organized, the policy was to extend the
States westward. There was then no discovery
of gold in the Rocky Mountains. Now a change
of policy is indispensably necessary. A separate
government must be established for the Pike's
Peak region; and hence, as we cutoff that portion
of Kansas, we ought to add an equal portion on
the North.
Another consideration; the present population
of Kansas is not equal to the ratio of leprcsenta-
tion. The census has been taken in the legal form,
and shows a deficiency. Adding this portion of
Nebraska to it, gives it an adequate population.
It then comes in as a good and substantial State.
As to its political character, I know nothing and
would not stop to inquire. If the presentchange
of boundary shall be made, I shall vote for the
admission. I desire to get rid of this question as
soon as I can, and I therefore will most cheer-
fully and heartily vote for its admission.
But this is not the only amendment I have to
offer, for the present pending amendment proposes
another change upon the south boundary. It
will be observed that the constitution of Kansas
includes the Indian reservations, the Cherokee
lands, the Seneca lands, and I think a portion of
of the Gluapaw lands. Treaties were made with
those Indians, when we sold lands to the Chcro-
kees, especially providing that they never should
be included within any State. The constitution
of Kansas does include them. I propose to run
the line just north of those Indian reservations,
and observe our treaty stipulation,and not break
it because we have the physical power to do it;
but observe good faith with the Indian tribes. My
friend, the Senator from Vermont, [Mr. Coll.v-
mer,] at the last .session, on this point, answered
me about this, that the territorial bill included it.
and that that was as mucha violation as this. But
you will observe, by examining that territorial
bill, while the nominal boundary runs around it,
as drawn by the Senator from Illinois, [Mr. Doug-
las,] and as passed by Congress, it especially
excepted all Indian reservations. The constitu-
tion of Kansas docs not except anything. I ask
attention to this point. It was competent, for
Congress, organizing the Territory, to except it.
It was therefore legally excepted out of the nom-
inal boundaries.
It will be observed, however, in reading the
House bill upon which we are now acting, that
the House of Representatives undertook to ex-
cept it just in the same language that was em-
ployed in the Kansas-Nebraska bill; but I ask
the attention of Senators to this point: Kansas,in
her sovereign capacity, if we admit her as a State,
has made a constitution that excepts nothing; we
say, " we let you in, if you except these Indian
lands." Very well; does not that force us to re-
commit the constitution to them? or else, in the
language of the eloquent Senator from Illinois, we
shall be choking a constitution down their throats
to which they never assented? They have never
assented to this. We can only get rid of the dif-
ficulty by changing the boundaiy, or if we except
these Indian lands out,in the language of the Kan-
sas-Nebraska bill, as the House docs, the people
of Kansas must assent to that. If this is not an
insuperable objection, if it is not one that cannot
be got over by any possible plausible reasoning, I
anuotally deceived in my own judgment. The In-
dian lands ought to be excepted; and thebestway
to except them is to run the southern boundary
north of the Indian line. It is only a short dis-
tance. It cu*s off but a small space of land—but
little territory; and we add on the north that
which is below the Platte; and it makes a beauti-
ful State, capable of sustaining a heavy popula-
tion, and enjoying much prosperity ana peace—
1 trust more hereafter than they have had in the
past. That is the object of this amendment.
There is still another difficulty; and I shall in-
sist, whether this amendment be adopted or not,
upon a resubmission of the constitution to the
people of Kansas; for I deny the right of Con-
gress to change any constitution; I deny the right
of Congress to put qualifying expressions in it
which will change its import, and force them
to take it without their consent. It is forcing
upon them a constitution they never made. "Now
—I ask the question in all.candor—have the peo-
ple of Kansas, in person or by Delegates, ever
assented to this exception that the House bill puts
in ? If not, it must be resubmitted to them; and,
if resubmitted, had'we not better shape the boun-
daries in that manner which we think most con-
ducive to the public weal?
Mr. DOUGLAS. Mr. President, I should be
very willing to add the country south of the Platte
river, as proposed by the Senator from Missouri,
to Kansas, and incorporate it with that State, if
it could be done without postponing its admis-
sion. I am willing to vote for an amendment to
the effect that the people on the south side of the
Platte, within the boundaries specified by him,
not now included in the State of Kansas, shall
vote for and against annexation; and that, in the
event a majority of them are in favor of being in-
cluded within the State of Kansas, they may be
so included. But, whilJ I do that, I must admit
Kansas unconditionally as a State, and leave the
question of the enlargement of the boundaries to
be determined by a vote of the people afterwards.
I think the Nebraska river would be a better
boundary 
Several Senators. You mean the Platte river.
Mr. DOUGLAS. The Indian name of the
Platte is the Nebraska river; from that I got the
name of the Territory. I think that river would
be a better boundary. It is a barrier to settle-
ment rather than a connecting link between the
settlements. It is very wide and very shallow;
its bottom is filled with quicksands; it is almost
impossible to ford it; arid it is extremely difficult
and expensive to bridge it. It would he a much
better boundary than the one fixed on the fortieth
parallel, for which I admit that 1 am responsible
m the formation of the Territory. I would like
to give the natural boundary instead of that arti-
ficial one; but 1 am only willing to give that by
an amendment submitting the proposition to the
people for ratification or rejection by itself, and
not to affect the question of the admission of Kan-
sas under this constitution.
But there is another objection of the Senator
from Missouri. He presents what he thinks is an
insuperable objection to our admitting this State
at this time, lie tells us that there arc certain
Indian treaties by which certain lands now within
the limits of the Territory and of the proposed
State of Kansas, were stipulated never to be in-
corporated within or subject to the jurisdiction of
any State or Territory. That is true. That objec-
tion was made when the Kansas-Nebraska bill
was pending, and to meet it, I inserted a clause
providing that such Indian reservations as were
not by treaty to be included within the boundaries
of any State or Territory should not be deemed
to be within the boundaries of Nebraska or Kan-
sas; but should be excepted therefrom. I suppose
they would have been thus excepted if there had
been no such declaration in the organic act; for
the simple reason that the Constitution of the
United States has declared that the Constitution
itself, and all laws and treaties made in pursuance
of it, shall be the supreme law of the land, any-
thing in the constitution or laws of any State to
the contrary notwithstanding. These treaties be-
ing the paramount law, the supremo law, no act
of the people of Kansas, by constitution or by
legislative enactment, or in any other mode, can
impair any of the rights secured by these treaties;
and I apprehend that if Kansas shall be admitted
under this constitution, and the question shall ever
come before any court, it will be at once declared
that the treaty is the paramount law; and that,
consequently, there is nothing in the constitution
of Kansas to give to that State jurisdiction over "
any Indian reservation which has been excepted
by treaty, and which it has been declared shall
never be included within the limits or be subject
to the jurisdiction of any State.
It is very well for the House of Representa-
tives to declare that these Indian reservations shall
be excepted; which, in fact, amounts to declaring
that we understand at the time we pass the act
that we are not subjecting them to the jurisdic-
tion of the State of Kansas. It was very well for
me to insert in the Kansas-Nebraska bill the same
declaration. It is only giving notice that, at the
time the bill passes, it is so understood; but the
legal effect would be, that the rights secured under
the treaty would prevail, whether'there was any
such declaration in the law of admission or in the
constitution of the State or not; and therefore
these reservations are not necessary. They are
very well on their face, but they are not abso-
lutely necessary.
For this reason, I do not understand that the
objection interposed by the Senator from Mis-
souri is an insuperable objection at all. Tho pro-
posed amendment to the boundary does not change
the legal effect of the bill as to the rights of the
Indians, or the jurisdiction of the people of Kan-
sas, in respect to the Indian country, at all. I
think it would have been very well if the people
of Kansas had drawn their boundaries in the way
he indicates. I think it would have been a little
plainer, and certainly it would have been a little
more acceptable to me; but the legal effect would
not have been changed; and, as the objection, if
it has force at all, consists only in its legal effect
in violating the legal rights of the Indians, if that
legal effect is not changed, the objection van-
ishes.
Hence, I have been unable to see anything in
the objections which have been urged by the Sen-
ator, either as to the southern boundary or the
northern boundary, as furnishing reasons why
we should not vote for the admission of Kansas.
I do think we ought to admit Kansas promptly,
without further delay, or further obstacle. We
have had controversies enough about Kansas.
Wc had a struggle once whether she should be
admitted with these same boundaries, with these
same objections existing, two or three years, with
a constitution that I insisted was not made by the
people of Kansas. I do not intend now to reopen
that controversy; but if the objection brought for-
ward by the SenatorfromMissouriis insuperable
now, it was just as insuperable to the Lecompton
constitution. The fact of these Indian reserva-
tions was just as well known to us then as it is
now. The Qbjection was as binding on the con-
sciences of men then as now. Nobody on this
side of the Chamber then thought the objection
was insuperable. I do not see what additional
force it has now got. I did not deem it necessary
in debate, when arguing1 against the acceptance
of the Lecompton constitution, to go any further
than simply to make a vague allusion to the In-
dian treaties. 1 knew the sagacity of the Senator
from Missouri; and if 1 did interpose that objec-
tion, he would have retorted on me in a moment,
" it is a treaty stipulation; the tieaty is the para-
mount law, and there is no valid force in your
objection." I thought so too. Hence 1 predicated
my opposition to the Lecompton constitution
upon a different ground; upon a ground that I
thought could not be answered—upon the merits
of the question, and not upon a technical point as
to a treaty stipulation being violated, when the
act had no legal effect to deprive anybody of any
right under a treaty.
Under all these circumstances, I think the op-
ponents of the admission of Kansas now had
better regard the question on its merits, as wedid
when we opposed the admission under the Le-
compton constitution. If it be true that this con-
stitution is the act and deed of the people, let them
have it. Senators tell us that there is not popu-
lation enough. I reckon there are as many peo-
ple in Kansas now as there were when the Le-
compton constitution was made. The Senator
from Missouri says there is nothing like it. I
think the census will show that theie are more
