1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1405
tor from Kentucky. I have announced several
times, to-night, that that was my purpose; but
after what the Senator from Kentucky has said
about his obligations to the peace conference, to
give priority to their proposition, I must follow
him, although I should be delighted if we could
make arrangements for separate votes, I prefer
his perfected amendment to the peace conference
proposition; but still, I cannot separate from him
on this question, when he thinks he is bound to
bring it forward.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll on the
amendment.
Mr. NICHOLSON, (when his name was
called.) I greatly prefer the resolution of the Sen-
ator from Kentucky, because it is unequivocal,
unambignousinits languagc,andembraces future,
as well as present, territory*, but I am willing, if
♦ that cannot be got, to vote for the other; and I do
not concur in the criticisms that have been made
on it to the full extent, though there are features
in it to which I very much object. [ shall, there-
fore, vote " nay" on this proposition.
Mr. POWELL. As I have before announced,
I have paired with the Senator from Pennsylva-
nia, [Mr. Cameron.] If 1 were not paired, 1
should vote " nay."
Mr. GWIN. He would vote with you, if he
were here.
Mr. POWELL. 1 cannot tell; he is not here.
The result was announced—yeas 7, nays 28,
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Crittenden, Douglas, Harlan, Johnson
of Tennessee, Kennedy, Mornil, and Thomson—7.
NAYS—Messers. Bayard, Bigler,Bingham, Bright,Chan-
dler, Clark, Dixon, Fessenden, JFoot, Foster, Grimes, Gwin,
Hunter, Lane, Latham, Mason, Nicholson, Polk, Pugh,
Rice, Sebastian, Sumner, Ten Eyck, Trumbull, Wade,
Wigfall, Wilkinson, and Wilson—28.
So the amendment was rejected.
Thejoint resolution was ordered to be engrossed
for a third reading.
Mr. WILSON. I call for the yeas and nays.
Mr. PUGH. The question now is on the third
reading. Let us take the yeas and nays on the
final passage.
Mr. WILSON. Let us have them now.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. There were several
amendments that I wanted to make to my resolu-
tion. I had drawn them up, but my papers are
all at home,
Mr. HUNTER. It would not be in order now
to move an amendment. We have just voted on
a motion to strike out, which would leave all the
matter in.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I do not understand
this, at ail. I have stated one amendment that 1
desired to make. I was satisfied, from the dis-
cussions I heard here, and from the appeals made
to me by correspondents, that it was very injuri-
ous to the success of these resolutions to retain
the provision in relation to future acquired terri-
tory. I do not know whether it will be in my
power now to move to strike that out. 1 would
desire to do it.
Mr. HUNTER. We have just voted to keep
it in; and of course the Senator cannot move to
strike it out now.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Well, sir, I only want
to state my purpose. I am taken by utter sur-
prise by this vote, which 1 did not expect; and I
did not come with the amendment that I had pre-
pared myself, i will vote for it, to be sure, with
all its imperfection.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Polk in
the chair.) The Senator from Massachusetts has
distinctly made the question on the third reading
of the joint resolution; and on that question the
yeas and nays are demanded.
Mr. WILSON. X withdraw the call. i|
Mr. LATHAM. I wish to make an inquiry: ;
whether the Senator from Kentucky cannot move '
to amend the resolution by striking out that por- ^
tion winch relates to future acquired territory? 'j
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I was told I could not
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It cannot now
be done. |;
Mr. LATHAM. I am very sorry forit; that
is all I have to say. jj
The joint resolution was read the third time. \\
Mr. BIGLER. I call for the yeas and nays on !|
the passage of the joint resolution. jj
The yeas and nays were ordered. jj
The Secretary proceeded to call the roh. n
Mr. POWELL. If I were not paired off on
this question, I would vote" yea." I am paired
off with the Senator from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Cameron.]
Mr. RICE. I can hardly hope that this joint
resolution will be adopted; but still, being will-
ing to contribute anything to promote the peace
of the country, I vote 44 yea."
The result was then announced—yeas 19, nays
20; as follows: ^
YEAS — Messrs. Bayard, Bigler, Bright, Crittenden.
Douglas, Gwin, Ilunter, Johnson of Tennessee, Kennedy^
Lane, Latham, Mason, NichoKon, Polk, Pugb, ltiee, Se-
bastian, Thomson, and Wigfall—19.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Bingham, Chandler, Clark.
Dixon, Doolittle, Durkee, Fessenden, Foot, Foster, Grimes,
Harlan, Km*, Morrill, Sumner, Ten BjcK, Trumbull.
Wade, Wilkinson, and Wilson—20.
So thejoint resolution was rejected.
COMMITTEE CLERKS.
Mr. PUGH. I desire to call up the resolution
to which I have referred once or twice this even-
ing, which wus displaced by other business, and
to which, 1 believe, the Senator from Iowa [Mr.
Grimes] has withdrawn his objection. It was
offered by the Senator from Connecticut [Mr.
Fostcit] the other morning. It is the last act of
grace to our own employes. It will pass without
debate. I move to take it up.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on taking up the resolution indicated by the
Senator from Ohio.
Mr. WILSON. The understanding was that
we should have a distinct and separate vote on the
propositions of the peace conference.
Several Senators. We have had a vote on
that.
Mr. WILSON. Very well.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Ohio, to take
up the resolution indicated by him in regard to
the committee clerks.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I trust we shall not take
up that resolution. We have refused this pay-
ment to these clerks two or tlnee times; and at
the last day of the session 111 comes a proposition
to pay a gratuity to the clerks of the committees.
Now, sir, we had a committee raised for the pur-
pose of settling these things and in order to get
rid of these bounties, and I trust that the Senate
willdo nosuch thing. I understand thisisarcs-
olution that is now sought to be called up at the
last day in order to pay a bounty to certain em-
ployes. Why, sir, I know that some committees
have clerks and pay them six dollais a day, and
the committees have not met a dozen times—no,
sir, not three times, this winter. I hope the res-
olution will not be taken np.
Mr. PUGIi. The Senator is wrong in point
of fact as well as reasoning; but I hope there will
not be any debate about it. I ask for a vote.
Mr. WADE. What is the joint resolution ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secretary
will read it.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Ra>ohed, That the clerks of the standing committee*,
oxfppt tlu>«se of Finance, Claim1., and Punting, shall ie
ectve the usual compensation !oi sivt) days alter the ad-
journment of the Senate.
Mr. FOSTER. I offered that resolution some
three or four days ago; and it is not, as gentlemen
seem to think it is, paying any extra allowance to
the clerks. It is in concurrence with the last
report of a committee of this body, which was ap-
pointed in the year 1857. They revised the whol^
matter, and they recommended that pioposition
distinctly m regard to our treatment of the clerks
at the short session—that is, to pay them a given
sum for the long session, or to pay them given
sums, each sesstoft, per day, and at the shortses-
sion to pay sixty days in addition to the length
of the session. That was the proposition of the
committee, of which the Senator from Louisiana
[Mr. Benjamin'] was the chairman. It received
a very full examination by that committee. It
was assented to, I believe, by the Senate without
any dissension. I am not aware that it was op-
posed at all. This resolution is drawn in con-
formity with the report, and,as I believe, in con-
formity with the action of the .Senate every session
since that time. It is not, therefore, any extra
allowance.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from Con-
necticut is entirely mistaken. Such a resolution
allowing sixty days' pay diU not p s.s. f recol- ji
Icct we had the subject under consideration, and
refused to agree to it.
Mr. FOSTER. The gentleman is mistaken in
supposing thatl said it did pass. I said the Sen-
ator from Louisiana made the report, and it* was
assented to, I believe, on all sides of the Cham-
ber. That is my belief.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator is mistaken
in supposing it is a usual allowance. There has
been no such allowance made since the rules have
been revised, according to my recollection.
Mr. BRIGHT. The Senator from Connecti-
cut is correct?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Since the rules have been
revised ?
Mr. BRIGHT. Yes, sir. It is according to
the usage and practice of the Senate for the last
three years.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I know, if it passed at all,
it passed at a time like this, in the hurry of busi-
ness, when the Senate was paying no attention
to it. I know it was repeatedly voted down. I
hope the resolution will not be taken up. I move
to take a recess until ten oVlock.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
state to the Senator that it has been taken up.
Mr. BIGLER. It was taken up the other
day.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I apprehend it has not
been taken up now.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
state that it was read a second time to-day, as the
Chair is informed by the clerk, and therefore, if
objected to, cannot be considered.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I object to it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secretary
informs the Chair that it has been read a second
time.
Mr. PUGH. It does not require to be read
three times.
Mr. BIGLER. It does not require any read-
ing at all.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair was
under the impression that the rule in regard to
money to be paid out of the contingent fund of
the Senate would apply to it.
Mr. PUGH. No, sir; such a resolution has
been passed without any third reading several
times since 1 have been in the Senate. It requires
no reading at all.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I insist that the resolu-
tion has not been taken up, unless the Chair is
quite positive that it has. He was about to put
the question, and I called the attention of the
Chair and was recognized before it was put. I
call for the yeas and nays on taking up the reso-
lution.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
state to the Senator from Illinois that when the
Senator from Illinois addressed the Chair and the
Chair recognized him, the Chair was in the act
of taking a vote on the question.
Mr. TRUMBULL. On taking it uo ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. No, sir; not
on taking it up.
Mr. KING. I ask for the yeas and nays
upon it.
Mr. BRIGHT. The resolution has been taken
up, and the question is on its passage.
Mr. KING. No, sir.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That is the
recollection of the Chair.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then, if it is insisted on,
I move to postpone the resolution indefinitely;
and on that I ask for the yeas and nays.
Mr. THOMSON. Why call for the yeas and
nays?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I want to see who is here.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 18, nays 17; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bingham, Chandler, Clark, Doolittle,
Durkee, Fessenden, Foot, Grimes, King, Mason, Morrill,
Polk, Sumner, Ten Eyck, Trumbull, Wade, Wilkinson,
and Wilson—18.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Bigler, Bright, Crittenden,
Dixon, Douglas, Foster, Gwin, Harlan, Johnson of Tcn-
npeset;, Kennedy, Lane, Nicholson, Pugh, Rice, Sebastian,
and Wigfall—17.
So the motion to postpone the resolution in-
definitely was agreed to.
RECESS.
Mr. WADE. I move to take a recess until
eleven o'clock.
Mr. PUGH. i object to any recess.
