1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4m
with proper boundaries. It will produce no ex-
citement, no ill-feeling, no jarring or discordant
feedings; and why might we not do what our judg-
ment dictates as right?
Mr. DOUGLAS. One word in regard to the
improper boundaries upon which the Senator
places so much stress. I did not say those bound-
aries were improper. So far as the people of Kan-
sas themselves are concerned, there is no impro-
priety in them, and no inconvenience to those
people. There may be an inconvenience to the
people of that portion of Nebraska Territory
south of the Nebraska river, and the whole incon-
venience of not including them in Kansas rests
upon the people of Nebraska, and not upo^i the
people of Kansas. Inasmuch as that question of
inconvenience affects that people only, and not
the people within the limits of Kansas, I am will-
ing to leave that question to be decided by the
people themselves. The inconvenience as to the
boundary is one notfeltat all bythepeople living
within the present limits of Kansas, but it is con-
fined to those outside. If those outside desire to
be admitted, I am willing to "relieve them from the
inconvenience. If they do not desire it, then I
shall take it for granted they are better judges of
what is for their convenience than I am, and I
shall leave them outside. Hence, I do not admit
that the boundaries are improper at all. In my
opinion, it would be wise tor the people of that
portion of Nebraska to askforadmission into this
State; and if they do, I shall be ready to grant it
to them.
Mr. COLLAMER. I do not desire to enter
into the issue between the gentlemen on that point;
but when it is said they have not the amount of
population to entitle them to a Representative, I
say, as I understand it, they have. What is the
amount of population required for a Representa-
tive now? Ninety-three thousand and a fraction;
and that is not only so for the present Congress,
but it is so for the next Congress. They have,
therefore, now the population that is required for
a Representative to this Congress, and for the
Congress two years to come. Whether, when
we come to choose a Congress next after that,
they will come up to what may be required bv
the apportionment, is another question. I think
it highly probable they will; but at any rate, for
to-day and for the present time, and for the present
Congress and the coming Congress, within these
boundaries they have the proper population.
This subject of undertaking to make new bound-
aries is worthy of separate consideration. In the
first place, the people ol Kansas were told, when
the Territory was formed, and they went there
and settled, that at tho proper time they should
be admitted as a State; I believe the expression
is, " with or without slavery, as their constitu-
tion shall provide." Now, when the time comes,
as it has, and they have the requisite population,
and have made their constitution, and it is pre-
sented here, they are told, " 110; you are not to
be admitted now, though we told you you should
be, unless you add a part of Nebraska." Ne-
braska was told the very same thing m the very
sameway;and the proposition nowis to dismem-
ber that Territory without its consent, and even
without the consent of the people that are pro-
posed to be included. I do not think it is dealing
fairly. It looks as if, come when she may, what-
ever may be the condition of her circumstances,
there is always something toobjectto. Itis said,
" let them go on; and we will admit them at the
proper time;" and an argument is actually re-
sorted to by taking the advantage of the misfor-
tunes of that people from the drought of this year.
Mr. President, the territorial condition is not
%one which it is desirable to extend. It is an un-
natuial condition in ourGovcrnment. That peo-
ple have never yet had the advantage of choosing
their own government, their own executive, or
having their own judiciary. Although it may be
said, when you eorne to view it politically, the in-
coming Administration may not differ with them
so much in relation to the political character of
the Governors and officers that are set over them,
and they thereby may not be so objectionable,
still, they are perfectly willing to forego all that.
They desire to be enabled some time or other, and
they consider this the proper time, having the pop-*
ulation,to have the privilege ot governing them-
selves m this country, as other people do. I regard
these amendments, and the people there cannot
but regard them, as really, in effect, mere continu-
ations and delays.,
I have a further remark to make in relation to
Nebraska. The honorable Senator from Illinois
said he would be willing to leave that question of
annexation to the people south of the Platte river,
to say whether they would come in. This pres-
ent amendment docs not provide that at all. But
it will be recollected that that question deeply in-
terests the rest of the Territory of Nebraska,
whether you may take a part of their people south
of a certain river, and let them go where they
have a mind, and thus overbalance that Territory
itself, and delay, for a great and indefinite period
of time, the chance for theiradmission, which has
long since been promised.
Mr. GREEN. I have but one word to say in
reply. It is true, under the Louisiana treaty,
there was a stipulation that they should be ad-
mitted as States—and 1 pressed this upon the at-
tention of Congress two years ago—but the time
was never named. The circumstances under
which they were to be admitted depend upon the
sound discretion of Congress. It is also true, that
the Senator from Illinois takes an improper posi-
tion, when he says the people of Kansas are sat-
isfied with these boundaries, and that he is willing
to putin a portion of Nebraska, if the people of
Nebraska are so. Why, sir, when these Terri-
tories were organized, there was a special provis-
ion put into the territorial bill, reserving the right
to change the boundaries as we pleased; and this
matter of shaping the boundaries of new States
has always been exorcised by Congress, accord-
ing to its own volition. But has Congress ever as-
sented to the boundary marked out in the Kansas
constitution? Not at all. She has shaped her
boundary different from what wo did the bound-
ary of the Territory. Now, as she has made a
change, it is perfectly competent for us to make
a change; and the only question is, would it be
a prudent and a proper disposition of the Terri-
tory? I think it is a conceded fact. Do we al-
ways go to consult the people of the Territory as
to what boundary they shall have? We never
do. Wo have never done so in a single instance,
whether a previous enabling act has been passed
or not. We consider tho question of boundary;
and if the proposed boundary is such as to meet
the disapprobation of Congress, it has been the
uniform practice to change that boundary, and
resubmit it to them for their approval. If they did
not approve it, they did not come into the Union;
if they did, they were declared admitted.
This would delay the admission of Kansas but
a very short time. We can so shape this bill as
to say, if the people in the Territory assent to it,
it shall be tho duty of tho Executive to declare
that admission into the Union. Such a provis-
ion was inserted when Missouri was admitted.
It will be complete whenever they assent to the
propositions that wo make. Wo have taken the
responsibility to change their ordinance and their
propositions for land. The House bill docs that;
but I do not make any exception to it, for that it
was competent to do. The ordinance is no part
of the constitution. But when we change any
part of the constitution, it must be resubmitted
to them, or they do not assent to do as we do.
Lotus have perfect agreement between the new
State and the old thirteen and the existing twen-
ty-nine. Let us have perfect concord and har-
mony, and not one branch of the Government,
the Fedora) authority, insisting upon one bound-
ary and the State insisting upon the other bound*
aiy. Whose construction will prevail? How
shall we avoid these Indian conflicts to which I
have called attention before ? These people have
been invited to go in in consequence of that bound-
ary. If the boundary had been as I propose in
this amendment, there would not have been a
white inhabitant now occupying the Indian lands,
and no danger of ihoir trespassing.
Mr. COLLAMER. Will the gentleman in-
duigp me a moment ?
Mr. GREEN. Yes, sir.
Mr. COLLAMER. If I recollect the provision
in their tenitorial bill, it was that they should be
admitted with those boundaries or any part there-
of.
Mr. GREEN. It does not say that; although
it says Congress reserves the right to change
them as it pleases.
Mr. COLLAMER. Does it not say: " with
the same boundaries or any part ilieteof, shall be
admitted as a State?"
Mr. WADE. I hope we shall have .the ques-
tion now. It is all understood.
Mr. GREEN. I will read the bill if there is
any dispute about it. The bill reserved to*Con.~
grcss the right to change the boundary.'
Mr. COLLAMER. No doubt of that.
Mr. GREEN. That was the point I insisted
upon. \ will not detain the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr, Foster
in the chair.) The question is on the adoption of
the amendment offered by the Senator from Mis-
souri.
Mr. GREEN. I desire to have the yeas and
nays upon it.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and, being
taken, resulted—yeas 23, nays 31^ as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard. Benjamin, Brag^ Bright, Fitch,
Green, Gvvin, Hemphill, Hunter, Ivcrson, Johnson of Ar-
kansas, Johnson of Tennessee, Kennedy, Lane, Mason,
Nicholson. Penrco, Polk, Powell. Itiee, Sauh>biBy,SJidGll 
and Wigfail—23.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Baiter, Blgler, Bingham, Cam-
eron, ('handler, Clark, OoUamer, Crittenden,* £>jxoti,X>oo*-
little, Douglas, Diakee, Fessenden, Foot, Foster, Grimes,
Hale, Harlan, Kin?, Latham, Morrill, Ptigh, Seward, Sim-
mons, Sumner, Ten Eyek, Trumbull, Wade, Wilkinson,,
and Wilson—31.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. FITCH. I offer an amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is an
amendment pending, offered by the Senator from
Missouri, which will be road.
Mr. GREEN. 1 desire to make a slight chango-
in that before it is presented and voted upon; and
in the mean time, the Senator from Indiana can
offer his amendment.
Mr: FITCH. I have sent the amendment to
the Clerk's desk.
EXECUTIVE BUSINESS.
Mr. BIGLER. I desire to call attention to an
order that was adopted in executive session yes-
terday, by which we agreed to proceed to the
consideration of executive business at two o'clock
to-day. That hour has arrived; and I therefore-
make the motion that the Senate proceed to the
consideration of executive business.
Mr. WADE. I move that we postpone that
order, and all other orders, to continue the con-
sideration of this bill.
Mr. BIGLER. The order that I refer to was
made in executive session.
Mr. COLLAMER. That does not make any
difference.
Mr. FITCH. I do not suppose the motion of
the Senator from Ohio can be entertained in oper#
session. Tho Senator from Ohio will see the im-
propriety of it.
Mr. BIGLER. I submit the motion that the-
Senate proceed to the consideration of executive
business, in pursuance of the order made in exec-
utive session yesterday.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Pennsylvania moves, as the Chair under-
stands, that the Senate now proceed to the con-
sideration of executive business.
• Mr. BIGLER. Certainly; I made that motion-
Mr. WADE. Is it in order to movfi to post-
pone that and all other orders, and continue the
consideration of this bill?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair is
of opinion that it is. A special order was made
yesterday in executive session, and, in the opin-
ion of the Chair, a motion to postpone the execu-
tion of that order, and of all other orders, may be
entertained in open session.
Mr. WADE. I make that motion.
Mr. BIGLER. I suggest to the Senator from
Ohio that it requires no such motion. I move to
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness. I state the fact that the order was adopted
in executive session; but it is nevertheless com-
petent for the body to decide against my motion.
I simply submit the motion, and the Senator from
Ohio will attain his object much more directly by
voting on that than by moving a postponement.
Mr. MASON. I suggest to the Senator from
Pennsylvania, that the order ho alludes to was
mud'1 m executive session, and the reason for it
cannot be spoken of in open session; but .the
Senator has it in his power, by his demand, to
require that the doors shall be closed for reasons
that he will communicate to the Senate when it
is done. The rules of the Senate give that privi-
