1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1407
with four small orphan children. We have done
this same thing exactly in other cases by appro-
priaiion out of the contingent fund. I ask that
that resolution may be now taken up. I will not
debate it. I hope we shall pass it.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
resumed the consideration of the following res-
olution:
Resolved, That there bo paid out of the contingent fund
of 111c Senate to the widow of Eleazer A. Richaidson, a
medhinic, \Vlko was killed while m the einploymcnirit the
(Lntod State?- by the falling of a demck fioni the dome of
the C.ipilol. the mjui of $400.
The resolution was ordered to be engrossed for
a thud reading, read the third time, and passed.
EXECUTIVE BUSINESS.
Mr. BRIGHT. J move that the Senate now
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness; and on that motion I ask for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. GVVIN. 1 was requested by the Senator
fromOiegon [Mr. Baker] to pair off with him
on this question; otherwise I should vote " yea."
Mr. POWELL. I have paired off with the
Senator from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Cameron.]
The result was then announced—yeas 16, nays
20, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bigler, Blight, Crittenden, Douglas,
Hunter, Johnson of Tennessee, Kennedy, Lane, Latham,
Mason, Nicholson, Polk, Pugb, riebastiau. Thomson, and
Wiglall—16.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Bingham, Chandler. Clark.
Dixon,Doolittle, Duikce, Pcssenden, Foot, Fostei-Gmue^
Harlan, King, Monill, Sunnier, Ten Eyck, Tiumbull,
Wade, .Wilkinson, and Wilson—20.
So the motion to proceed to the consideration
of executive business was not agreed to.
JANE W. M'KEE.
Mr. POWELL. I move that the Senate now
take up House bill No. 740.
Several Senators. Let us take a recess.
Mr. POWELL. It will take but a few moments
to dispose of this bill. I appeal to Senators on
the other side of the Chamber to allow me to take
it up.
Mr. TRUMBULL. All of us have bills in the
same condition.
Mr. POWELL. I will state that this is a bill
to grant a pension to the widow of a colonel who
lost his life at the battle of Bucna Vista—Colonel
McKee. This lady is very poor, and has six
children.
Mr. GRIMES. She is already receiving a pen-
sion of thirty dollars a month.
Mr. POWELL. Senators on that side of the
Chamber have indicated by their votes and their
policy that none of the [and that the valor of that
man helped to acquire should go to the people of
the slave States; and i do hope they will give a
httle something to support this poor widow and
her children. I hope the bill will be taken up.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Kentucky to
take up the hill (H. R. No. 740) granting an in-
crease of pension to Jane W. McKee, widow of
Colonel William R. McKee, of the second regi-
ment of Kentucky volunteers.
Mr. GRIMES. 1 have no earthly objection to
accommodate the Senator from Kentucky; but I
desne simply to say that this widow, the widow
of a very gallant and meiitonous officei,is al-
ready drawing a pension of thirty dollars a month.
By a very large vote, the other day, the Senate
decided that, m cases of this kind, that is, to the
widows of colonels in the Army, there should be
only thirty dollars a month allowed.
Mr. POWELL. I know there are on our stat-
ute-book as many as six persons getting pensions
of this amount; and I do think, if there ever was
a case when the pension ought to be enlarged, it
is this. I hope the Senate will take up the bill
and pass it.
Mr, CHANDLER. I move that the Senate
tak" a r< -•< ^ until ten o'clock.
Mr POWELL. Let the LjII be taken up. I
w;il not siy a word on it, but let the vote be
tuk"ii.
Mr. CHANDLER. I make the motion for a
r-'Ci
Mr. POWELL. I hope the Senator will with-
draw it. Let us take the bill up, and Senators
can then vote U down, if they choose.
Mr. CHANDLER. I insist on my motion for
a recess until ten o'clock.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is the impres-
sion of thi  Chair that that motion is not of such
a privileged character as to take precedence. It
is a motion for a recess, not an adjournment.
The question being put on the motion of Mr.
Powell, it was not agreed to, there being on a
division—ayes fifteen, noes not counted.
RECESS.
Mr. CHANDLER. I now renew my motion,
that the Senate take a recess until ten o'clock.
Mr. PUGH. I ask for the yeas and nays on
that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The Secretary concluded the calling of the roll,
with the following result:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Bij*ler, Bingham, Bright,
Chandler, Clark, Dixon, Doolittle, Douglas, Uurkee, Fes-
senden, Foot, Foster, Giimos, Harlan, Johnson ot'Tennes-
see, Kennedy, King, Latham, Moiuli, Nicholson, Sebas-
tian, Sumner, Ten Eyck, Trumbull, Wade, Wilkinson, and
WiKon—28
NAYri—Messrs. Ciittcnden, Lane, and Rice—3.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If Senators have
not voted, now is the time to vote.
Mr, BINGHAM and Mr. GRIMES. The
Senator from Ohio [Mr. Pugii] has not voted.
The VICE PRESIDENT. A pair will not
hold a Senator on the question of a recess.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 understand a quorum
is not necessary on the question of recess or a
question of adjournment. It has not been con-
strued so.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be unan-
imous consent, the call for the yeas and nays may
be withdrawn, and the Chair will put the ques-
tion.
Mr. PUGH. I object.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then T insist on the Sen-
ator from Ohio voting. While he is acting here
as a Senator, 1 insist that the rule shall be enforced
requiring every Senator to vote.
Mr. BRiGliT. This question of a recess is
tantamount to an adjournment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. We cannot adjourn.
There are some important bills not signed by the
Presiding Officer of either House; and we shall
have to vote against adjournment, and sit until
ten o'clock arrives. It is impossible to adjourn,
and leave business in its present condition.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state that there are several Senators present who
have not voted.
Mr. GRIMES. I hope the Chair will call their
names, that the country may know who they are
that endeavor to hinder the public business.
The VICE PRESIDENT, (to the Secretary.)
Call the Senator from Ohio, (Mr. Pugii.)
The Secretary called Mr. Pugh's name, who
refused to answer.
Mr. FESSEjNDEN. I believe the rule of the
Senate requims every Senator present to vote.
Mi. TRUMBULL. I ask that the rule may
be icad; and that it may be known distinctly that !
Senators sit here and refuse to comply with the !
rules. |
Mr. ANTHONY. I move that the Sergeant-at- j
Arms be directed to request the attendance of j
absent Senators. That is the quickest way to
dispose of this question. I
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary will '
read the rule on the subject. j
The Secretary read, as follows: • \
" 16. When the veas and najs shall be called for by one ;
fifth of the members pies<'in, each member called "upon :
shall, nnle-'sfoi ^pocinl reason he be excused by the Senate, [
deolaio openlv, and without debate, his assent or diss-ent !
to the question."
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is the rule of :
the Senate.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator from Ohio
has now left the Chamber.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Perhaps, as the
Senator from Ohio has left, there will be no ob-
jection to witiidiaw the call.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I hope unanimous consent
\vi:l be
The VICE PRESIDENT. By unanimous
consent, the call for the yeas and nays may be
withdrawn. The Chair hears no objection. The
question is on the motion to take a recess until
ten o'clock.
The motion was a^ieed to.
The Senate reassembled at ten o'clock, a. ra.,
[Monday, March 4.]
METROPOLITAN GAS COMPANY.
Mr. CLARK. I move to takeupthe bill (H.
R. No. 522)*o incorporate the Metropolitan Gas
Light Company, upon which there has been a
motion for reconsideration, for the purpose of
disposing of that motion. 1 hope the vote by
which the bill was passed will not be reconsidered.
Mr. BRIGHT. 1 shall not resist the motion
to take up the bill, provided the Senator will say-
that he will consent to- reconsiderit in such a way
that it may be amended. I have three or four
amendments, two of which I deem very import-
ant, and I shall object to the passage of the bill,
unless those amendments can be incorporated' in
it. I shall not object to taking up the bill, provided
the Senator will'consent to-the reconsideration of
the vote passing the bill, and open it for amend-
ments.
Mr. CLARK. Of course I cannot give my as-
sent to the passage of those amendments. I de-
sire that the bill shall come up, and the motion bo
tried by the Senate, and let the Senate say whether
they will reconsider the vote by which the bill
was passed, or not. *
Mr. BRIGHT. It is impossible to take a vote
now. There is no quorum,
Mr. CLARK. We can try.
Mr. BRIGHT. I shall ask for the yeas and
nays on the motion, of course.
Mr. CLARK. I have no objection.
The VICE PRESIDENT, the question is on
taking up the bill.
Mr. BRIGHT. I ask for the yeas and nays-.
The yeas and navs were ordered and taken.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Thereia no quorum
present.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES-.
Mr. BIGLER. Perhaps there will be unan-
imous consent to enable mc to make a report to
discharge a committee.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no ob-
jection, the report will be received.
Mr. BIGLER, from the Committee on Pat-
ents and the Patent Office, to whom was referred
the petition of Samuel F. B. Morse, for art exten-
sion of his patent for the electro-magnetic tele-
graph, submitted a report, accompanied by a bill
(S. No. 575) to extend a patent heretofore granted
to Samuel F. B. Morse; which was read, and
passed to a second reading.
He also, from the same committee, ^^iom
was referred the petition of John G. Mimrpray-
ing for an extension of this patent, asked to he.
discharged from its further consideration; which
was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was refeired the petition of Solomon Whipple*
praying for an extension of his patent for a ma-
chine for cutting files, asked to be discharged from
its further consideration*, which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of a committee ap-
pointed by certain employes of the Patent Office,
praying compensation for their services from
; April 1, 1860, at the rate fixed by law, asked to
be discharged from its further consideration;
which was agreed to.
Ilu also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Samuel Colt, praying
for an extension of his patent for an improvement
in firearms, asked to be discharged from its fur-
ther consideration; which was agreed to.
On motion of Mr. KING, it was
! Ordered, That the Committee on Military Affairs and
| Militia be discharged from the farther consideration of ail
! bubjoots icfeired to that committee, and not reported on.
i PIERCE AND BACON.
| Mr. PEARCE. I ask unanimous consent to
' submit a report, accompanied by a resolution,
| which, as it proposes no appropriation,and only
l calls for an opinion from the law officer of the
j Government,! suppose the Senate will not object
j to passing at the present time. The Committee
i on Finance, to whom was referred the petition of
' Pierce & Bacon, have directed me to submit a
report, accompanied by the following resolution:
ResoU-C'l, Tb.tt the petition Pierco & Bacon be rf-
ft nod to flie Attorney Gfieial. and th: r he be K'quc^te-l ro
mquii e into the fact* and tho Jaw of the and leport
his opinion to the Senate at its next session.
The resolution was adopted; and the report
was oidered to be piintcd,
