THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Six-tii Congress, 2d Session.
MONDAY, MARCH 4, 1861.
New Series No. 89.
Mr. CLARK. Let it be done by unanimous
consent without displacing the other bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foster
in the chair.) The joint resolution can only be
considered now by unanimous consent. The
Chair hears no objection.
The joint resolution (S. No. 72) to correctcertain
errors in an act entitled " An act to provide for
the payment of outstanding Treasury notes, to au-
thorize a loan, to regulate and fix the duties on
imports, and for other purposes," approved the
2d of March, 1861, was read asecond time, and
con&idcred as in Committee of the Whole. It
proposes to strike out from the list of articles ex-
empt from duty, "wool, unmanufactured, and
all hairof the goat, alpaca, and other like animals,
unmanufactured, the value whereof at the last
port or place from whence exported to the United
States shall be 18 cents or under per pound," and
to strike out of section twenty-four the words,
" all goods, wares, and merchandise which may
be in the public stores, onthe dayand year afore-
said, shall be subject to no other duty upon the
entry thereof than if the same were imported
respectively after that dayand to strike out from
section thirteen, " on woolen shawls, or shawls
of which wool shall be the chief component ma-
terial, a duty of 16 cents per pound, and in addi-
tion thereto 20 per cent uivalorein."
Mr. POLK. I ask the Senator from Rhode
Island if that is merely to correct errors on the
face of the bill.
Mr. SIMMONS. That is all.
Mr. POLK. I have no objection.
Mr. SIMMONS. In enrolling the bill 
Several Senators. Never mind; it is all right.
The joint resolution was reported to the Semite.
Mr. BRIGHT. When this proposition was
called up before, the Senator from Virginia, [Mr.
Hunter,] who is absent, objected to its consid-
eration yesterday, and I do not know that he has
withdrawn his objection.
Mr. BIGLER. The Senator from Virginia will
not object, now that he knows what it is.
Mr. BINGHAM. The Senator from Rhode
Island explained the matter to the Senator from
Virginia, and he was satisfied. I wish to state
that I examined theenrolled bill, and I discovered
that these errors had been made.
The joint resolution was ordered to be engrossed
for a third reading, was read the third time, and
passed.
BLUEMONT COLLEGE.
Mr. HARLAN. I ask the unanimous consent
of the Senate to take up House bill No. 203. It
will not occupy, two minutes. It is a mere mat*
ter of form.
Mr. CLARK. Let it be by unanimous con-
sent, and then we can go on with the gas bill.
The bill (H. R. No. 203) to enable the trustees
of Bluemont College to preempt a certain quarter
section of land, and for other purposes, was con-
sidered as in Committpe of the Whole. It pro-
poses to empower Isaac Goodnow, S. D. Hous.-
ton, Washington Marlatt, Charles E. Blood,
Joseph Dennison, William H. McCollom, John
Paulson, John Pipher, and John Kimball, trus-
tees of the Bluemont College Ai:sociation, to enter
at the proper land oflice the southwest quarter of
section twelve, township ten south, of range seven
east, in the district of lands subject to sale at
Junction City, in Kansas Teriitory, for the use
and benefit of the college association.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
a third reading, read the time, and passed.
GUANO DISCOVERIES.
Mr. WADE. With the assent of the Sena-
tor from New Hampshire, I move to take up the
amendments of the House of Representatives to
Senate bill No. 303. I believe thatnow, by unan-
imous consent, the amendments will be con-
curred in.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foster
in the chair.) It is moved that the Senate take up
for consideration the amendments of the House
of Representatives to the bill (S. No. 303) sup-
89
plementary to the act entitled " An act to author-
ize protection to be given to citizens of the United
States who may discover deposits of guano," ap-
proved August 18, 1856.
Mr. CLARK. Let it be by unanimous con-
sent.
The amendments were concurred in.
METROPOLITAN GAS COMPANY.
Mr. CLARK. I now desire the Senate to re-
sume the consideration of the bill to incorporate
the Metropolitan Gas-light Company, which was
iaid aside informally.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That bill is
now before the Senate.
Mr. CLARK. I desire to say, in regard to what
was said by the Senator from Indiana, that the
bill already provides for the individual liability of
the corporators for their stock, and to its amount
besides. The individual-liability principle is in
it. It also provides that the company shall not
lay their pipe, nor build their works, in such a
way as to create a nuisance or injure private prop-
erty. The design of the bill is to incorporate
another company here, to be put by the side of
the present one, which has become so much of a
monopoly, for the purpose of competition, and to
regulate the distribution and price of gas. I hope
the bill will not be reconsidered. It has been*
passed by the House of Representatives, and has
been before the Senate Committee on the District
of Columbia, and approved by all the members
present, and has been reported here, and passed.
Mr. BRIGHT. There is a question of fact
between the Senator from New Hampshire and
myself as to whether this bill is a copy of the law
passed incorporating a company of a similar char-
acter, some years since. If the Senator will turn
to the eleventh section of thatactof incorporation,
he will find that it reads as follows:
c' That each of the stockholders m the Washington Gas-
light Company shall be held liable in his or her individual
capacity lor all the debts and liabilities of the said com-
pany."
This bill, as presented by the Senator from
New Hampshire,adds the words," to the amount
of their individual stock."
Mr. CLARK. Yes.
Mr. BRIGHT. That is a very important
amendment.
Mr. CLARK. It makes them liable to the
amount of their individual stock.
Mr. BRIGHT. I stated to the Senator, for
the purpose of saving time, that if he would con-
sent to strike out the words "to the amount of
their individual stock," I would not discuss the
question further 011 that point.
Mr. CLA.RK. I am exceedingly obliged to the
Senator from Indiana for that kind offer, because
he knows as well as I do that an amendment will
defeat the bill; and that would accomplish his
own purpose, because it cannot be acted upon by
the House of Representatives. I desire that the
bill shall be either defeated or sustained on the
motion to reconsider.
Mr. BRIGHT. It would be much better to
defeat the bill, as it reads now, than to pass it.
Therefore, I conceive that I am in the line of my
duty in making the effort. The bill as originally
framed, I understand, contained the clause whicK
I now propose to insert. I know the anxiety of
some gentlemen to incorporate a rival gas com-
panyjand their object. The effect of it, of course,
would be to cheapen the article—something that
we all desire, because one of the necessities of
life—light; something we all need.
This bill further contains no clause limiting the
price to be paid per thousand feet for gas. The
charter of the company that is now operating does
contain this limitation. The franchise proposed
to be given to this irresponsible company of five
persons contains special privileges that are not
m the charter to the corporation now in existence.
I appeal to Senators whether this is fair, whether
it is just, after we have conferred certain priv-
ileges to a company that has gone into operation,
to embarrass it by giving privileges to another
company, calculated to render less valuable those
privileges, without some better reasons than we
have heard assigned in this case. I repeat, if the
Senator will consent to the reconsideration of the
vote passing the bill, and allow us to get back in
Committee of the Whole, L will content myself
with offering two amendments; and when they are
voted upon, I shall be content with the result/
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion to reconsider.
Mr. BRIGHT. I understand the Senator ob-
jects.
Mr. CLARK. I stated distinctly that I could not
consent to any amendment. If the Senate choose
to vote to reconsider and put the bill back in com-
mittee, for the purpose of amendment,! must sub-
mit; but I desire to say that this is a bill to incor-
porate a company here of responsible persons,
with a capital of $200,COO, to run against another
company with a capital of $500,000, and their
works all completed. There is no necessity for
limiting the price of gas in this bill, because the
other company sell their gas at a certain price
which is fixed; and of course this company can
never sell gas at a greater price than the other com-
pany is limited to by law. They cannot exceed
it; and that fixes both.
Mr. BRIGHT. I do not make that amendment
a "sine que non" in the case; but the amend-
ment in regard to the individual liability of stock-
holders, and the one which provides that the com-
pany shall not establish a nuisance without the
consent of the property-holders, I do; and unless
incorporated into this bill it will not pass to-day,
in my opinion.
Mr. CLARK. The bill expressly provides that
these corporators shall not injure private property
or create a nuisance; and that they must lay their
pipe and erect their works under the direction of
the municipal authorities.
Mr. BRIGHT. It has been decided, I am in-
formed, that the municipal authorities here have
no control in just such a case; and hence the im-
portance of making this amendment apart of the
charter. I was in hopes that the Senator would
consent to the reconsideration for the purpose of
allowing me to present the amendments which*I
propose to offer; and then, if they were voted
down, I was not inclined to discuss the subject
further.
Mr. CLARK. I stated to the Senator twice
that 1 would not; and it is no use to repeat the
question.
Mr. BRIGHT. Then I shall ask the Senate to
reconsider, for the purpose of giving mc an oppor-
tunity to offer the amendments. That part of the
bill I will read. I propose, in the eleventh sec-
tion, to strike out, in the third and fourth lines,
the words, "to the amount of their individual
stock;" to add, at the end of section seven:
Provided further, That the said corporation of Wash-
ington bhall not grant permission to said company .to erect
their gas works', &c., until the owners of all the property
within one hundred and fifty yards of the site proposed by
said company have signified in writing to the Mayor of
Washington their consent to the same.
I should also like to add to the seventh section:
That the said company shall not he permitted to sell gas
to any consumer until it lias satisfied the Coummsioner of
Public Buildings that it has laid down in the streets and
avenues of Washington at least twenty miles of gas mains
of au average diameter of six inches.
Thisisabouthalf the amount that has been laid
down by the present company, and is a part of
the charter that controls the company now in
existence. I had prepared another amendment;
That the said Metropolitan Gas-light Company shali not
char«e the consumers of gas furnished by &aid company
more than thirty-five cents per bundled cubic feet, subject
to a deduction of not less than ten per centum on all hills
for gas paid at the office of said company.
It is very natural for gentlemen interested in
consuming gas to feel disposed to organize an
opposing company in competition with an exist-
ing company, 111 older to get gas at cheaper rates;
but in passing a law of that kind, it is but just
and proper towards those whom we have encour-
aged to engage in this enterprise that their rights
