1410
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
should be consulted, and all legislation so guarded
as to properly protect them.
Furthermore, in granting a charter like this, it
is a matter of some consequence to know who
aro the corporators, and what are their responsi-
bilities. Whom do you propose to make corpora-
tors in the bili before the Senate? A company,
1 am informed, that are not, within themselves,
able to establish and put in operation any such
enterprise. Thatisnotpretended. The Senator
urging the passage of this bill does not believe
that the corporators named in it, if it were to
pass, have the capital even to commence a work
of this kind, much less to finish it. The corpora-
tors of the present company have already ex-
pended within the limits of your city over six
hundred thousand dollars. 1 submit that it is
not right to put in competition with them an irre-
sponsible set of men merely for the purpose of
giving them an opportunity of making sale of the
privileges that you thus confer—in plain language,
legalizing the levying of " black mail." If it is
the pleasure of the Senate to confer these privi-
leges on another company, they certainly ought
to confer them with the limitations that have been
usually imposed in granting similar charters, and
in such a way as not to prejudice honest men
whom you had previously encouraged by your
legislation to invest their capital in a similar en-
terprise, when it was, to say the least of it, a
very doubtful experiment.
Why refuse to attach the individual-liability
clause to this bill? You may turn over the legis-
lation of Congress for the last forty years, and
you cannot find a grant of any such power to any
company in the District of Columbia without the
individual-liability clause being inseited, not to
the amount of their stock—for that is no guaran-
tee whatever as against irresponsible men—but to
the entire amount of the inaebtness of the com-
pany, however contracted or incurred. I should
like to hear the Senator give some good reason
for excluding this amendmentfrom this bill when
it has been put in all bills of a similar character.
It was in the bill that was before the committee
at the last session. I understand it to be one of
the fundamental principles of the Democratic
party, that they will grant to no corporation of
the character of this such privileges and fran-
chises without making the corporators liable, in
their individual capacity, for the entire indebted-
ness of the corporation.
Then, sir, is this to be a perpetual charter? If
so, is there any clause providing that, in case
of rum user, the franchises under it shall expire ?
None whatever. If the vote is reconsidered, I
shall move an amendment, providing that, unless
the corporators in this case exercise the privileges
conferred on them within twelve months from the
passage of this act, none of the rights guarantied
to the corporators shall result to them I I suppose
the Senator would not object to that amendment,
unless he supposed the object of offering it was
to defeat the bill, which I have told him it is not. \
Again, sir, I repeat, this bill provides for es-
tablishing a nuisance, put it in what part of the
city you may; and it is but just to those who own
property within the limits of the city, that they
should he protected by its terms, and not allow
these corporators (even admitting that they were
able to enter upon this enterprise and to carry it
out) to erect a nuisance within a certain distance
of private property, without the consent of the
owners of that piopeity.
There is no great necessity for hurrying the
passage of a bill of this kind. It willanswer as
well at the next as at this session. It is not such
abillas the Senator from New Hampshire himself
would prepare, if time were given him. I think
I can say, from what I know of his sense of jus- j
tice, that it is not such a charter as he would pre- :
pare, if the question of preparing one was sub- j
mitted to him.
Now, sir, as to the amendment limiting the price 1
to be paid for gas, thot, I admit, is u"f so impoit- 1
ant; neveitheless, I think it ought to pavs. The
individual-liability clause is one thai f will not
yield-, and I hope the Senate will insist upon n.
The limitation providing that m case of hon user '■
for twelve months, the privileges conferred shall 1
cease, is an amendment that I am quite sure the '
Senate would insert under ordinary circumstances.
They may not, under the pressure of the Senator ,
from New Hampshire; but these amendments are !■
just and right and proper, and yet the Senator
from New Hamshire, who might have had the
bill disposed of in the length of time I have been
sneaking, will not consent to any amendment.
Now, sir, I am quite as obstinate. I will not
consent, for one, that any act of incorporation giv-
ing to ft company the franchise proposed to b^
given to this company shall pass the Senate with-
out making an effort at least to put in it a clause
that has uniformly been insisted upon in all such
cases by Congress.
Now, I appeal to gentlemen of the same polit-
ical opinions which 1 entertain, whether they are
willing to pass a bill of this kind m this shape.
The principle is precisely the same in this bill as
it would be in any other. The principle in a bill
incorporating a gas company is just as sacred as
though applied in incorporating a bank in the
District of Columbia. I believe, by the way, that
this bill confers banking privileges by implication.
1 inquire of the Senator whether he does not claim
that, under the provisions of this bill, this com-
pany may exercise banking powers? If this were
a proposition to charter a bank, I apprehend there
would be no difficulty in inserting the individual-
liability clause. Then why not subject these cor-
porators, who, it must be admitted, are irrespons-
ible as compared with the present company, to the
same liabilities to which you have subjected other
corporators under similar circumstances? I hold
the principle just as sacred, and just as important
to defend it in this measure, as I would in case
there was a proposition before the Senate to char-
ter a bank with a capital of $500,000. The com-
pany that this bill creates to come in competition
with, have already expended more than half a
million dollars. They have expended it not only
for the convenience of the residents here, but for
the accommodation of the public buildings—the
War, the Navy, the Interior, and the Post Office
Departments, the Capitol, &c.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
will suspend his remarks to allow a message to be
received.
HILLS BECOME LAWS.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Glossbrenneu, his Secretary,
announced that the President had approved and
signed, this day, the following bills and joint res-
olutions:
An act (S. No. 19) legalizing certain entries of
lands on Leavenworth island, in the State of
Missouri-,
An act (S. No. 399) for the relief of Thomas
G. Corbin;
An act (S. No. 459) for the relief of Commander
Thomas J. Page, United States Navy;
An act (S. N. 490) for the relief of Eliza B.
Mills, widow of Robert Mills;
An act (S. No. 502) for the relief of Taylor
Dudley, of Minnesota;
An act (S. No. 524) authoring the Secretary
of the Treasury to issue a legister to the schooner
Porsevcrance, of Ogdcnsburg, New York;
An act (S. No. 561) for the relief of Daniel 33.
Hibbard;
An act (S. No. 565) for the relief of Lewis
Warrington, paymaster United States Navy;
An act (S. No. 567) grautmg'to the States of
Minnesota and Oregon certain lauds reserved by
Congress for the Territories of Minnesota and
Oregon for university purposes;
An act (S. No. 56t>) for the ielief of Leslie
Coombs and IlobertH. Crittenden, sureties of the
late A. J. Mitchell, purser in the United States
: Navy;
A joint resolution (S. No. 45) authorizing the
issue of the same quota of arms to the State of
California for the years 1850 and 1851 as was
issued to that State in 1852;
A joint resolution (S. No. 64) for the appoint-
ment of regents of the Smithsonian Institution;
A joint resolution (S. No. 67) authorizing W.
H. Smiley, commercial agent at the Falkland
Islands, to receive a telescope tendered to him by
the Belgian Government; and
A joint resolution (S No. 65) authorizing Cap-
tain William L. Hudson, of the United States
Navy, to accept a diamond brooch for his wife,
presented to her by the Emperor of Russia.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNKD.
A message fiom the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Forney, its Clerk, announced that the
Speaker had signed an enrolled bill (H. R. No.
975) for the confirmation of the title to the saline
lands in Jackson county, State of Illinois, to D.
H. Brush and others; and it was signed by the
Vice President.
PRINTING OF DOCUMENTS.
The message furtherannounced that theHouse
ordered,to-day,the printing of thefoilowingdoc-
uments:
A message from the President of the United
States, in relation to the seizure of the mint at
New Orleans—ordered at eleven o'clock and
twenty-seven minutes.
A letter from the Secretary of War, transmit-
ting a list of clerks, &c., of the War Department
—ordered at eleven o'clock and twenty-nine min-
utes.
A letter from the Secretary of the Navy, trans-
mitting copies of the Navy Register—ordered at
eleven o'clock and thirty minutes.
A letter from the Secretary of State, transmit-
ting a statement of the number and description of
passengers arriving in the United States—ordered
at eleven o'clock and thirty-one minutes.
A message from the President of the United
States, in answer to a resolution of the House
calling for reasons for the assembling of troops in
the city of Washington—ordered ateleven o 'clock
and thirty-one minutes.
METROPOLITAN GAS COMPANY.
Mr. BRIGHT. The fact that these corpora-
tors have subjected themselves to the risk that
they have, by enormous expenditures, ought to
commend them to the favorable consideration of
Congress. It is not just to embarrass them, by
conferring like privileges on another company,
without imposing on them the same restrictions
and limitations. You first encouraged the men
who compose the present company to undertake
the experiment, and they have gone on and made
an expenditure of over six hundred thousand dol-
lars. After the experiment is fairly launched,and
the enterprise progressing so far us 1 have heard
any expression, to the entire satisfaction of the
public, you propose to incorporate a new com-
pany, under circumstances tlmt justifies the belief
j that you are striking a blow at them. I should
I be ghid to have gentlemen examine the names of
| the proposed corporators, and inqune as to their
I responsibility. Why should you give this new
! company all the powers you conferred on the
I former company, leaving out many of the limita-
! tions and restrictions.
{ Having despaired, Mr. President, of bringing the
j Senator Jrom New Hampshire to consent to what
j 1 consider just and fair, for the purpose of hav-
j ing this question thoroughly understood, arid find-
j ing 1 must go into a general examination of the
; first act of incorporation and the one before us,
I will read the charter of the existing company;
and I will read the principal provisions of this
bill, in oider to make a comparison of the meuts
of the two. The act of incorporation passed
July 8, 1848, has been several times amended.
It is not to be expected that in passing so import-
ant a bill as this, incorporating a company involv-
ing so large an expenditure, the bill would be made
peifeet at the first trial. That is fully illustrated
by leferenee to the oiigmal charter. 1 will thank
the Secretary to send me the bill under considera-
tion.
Mr. CLARK. If the Senator from Indiana is
a little tired, I will go on, and then lie can go on
by and by.
Mr. BRIGHT. I am not at all tired. Itisim-
portant, in order to enlighten the Senate as to what
is really their duty in connection with this case,
to understand first the original charter that ivas
passed in 1848, and the amendments that have
been made from time to time since, and then com-
pare the whole with the bill reported by the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire, which he claims is
perfect—so perfect that he will allow no amend-
ment to bo made. Now, I propose to show that
I can improve it in many respects. The fust sec-
tion of the " Act to incorporate the Washington
Gas-light Company" provides:
"That Joint T. Callan, Jacob Bigelow, I>. B Fteucli.
W. II. liarovet. M. V. Calldii. VV. A. Liadley, ami W 11.
English, and thwir piosent and future associates, aie heiiibv
declaied to be a body politic and eorpoiate, by the n.une
and style of the Washington Gas-light Company, and by ilie
same name shall have peipeiual succo-mou, and s.l>:sll h«*
able to sue and he sued, plead and be impleaded, in all
