1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1411
courts of law and equity in the District of Columbia and
elsewheie; and to make and have a common seal, and the
same to break, alter, and ienew at pleasure; to ordain
and establish such ny-laws, ordinances, and regulations,
and generally to do every act and thing necessary to cairy
into effect this act, or to promote the objects and design of
this coiporation."
It has been claimed that, under this first sec-
tion, the city authorities of Washington can reg-
ulate the location of such nuisances as are pro-
vided for m this bill—for I call a great gas-works
a necessary nuisance.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foster
in the chair.) Will the Senator suspend his re-
marks to allow the Chair to receive a message?
Mr. BRIGHT. Certainly.
PATENT LAWS.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Forney, its Clerk, announced that the
House had concurred in the report of the com-
mittee of conference on the disagreeing votes of
the two Houses 011 the bill (S. No. 10) in addition
to " an act to promote the progress of the useful
arts."
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
The message further announced that the Speaker
had signed an enrolled bill (S. No. 303) supple-
mentary to the act entitled " An act to authorize
protection to be given to citizens of tiie United
States who may discover deposits of guano,"ap-
proved August 18,1856; and it was signed by the
Vice President.
NOTIFICATION TO TIIE PRESIDENT.
The message further announced that the House
had passed a resolution for the appointment of a
committee on their part, to join such a committee
as may be appointed on the part of the Senate,
to wait on the President of the United States and
inform him that the two Houses of Congress arc
ready to ciose the present session by an adjourn-
ment; and had appointed Mr. John Sherman of
Ohio, Mr. Thomas S. Bocock of Virginia, and
Mr. Emerson Etiieridge of Tennessee, the com-
mittee on the part of the House.
On motion of Mr. BIGLER, the Vice Presi-
dent was authorized to appoint the committee on
the part of the Senate; and Mr. Rice and Mr.
Simmons were appointed.
METROPOLITAN GAS COMPANY.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill (H.
R. No. 522) to incorporate the Metropolitan Gas-
light Company in the District of Columbia is
again before the Senate.
Mr. BRIGHT. The Senator from New Hamp-
shire gave, as a reason for refusing to agree to a
recons'ideration of the vote passing this bill, that
one of the amendments which I propose to offer
to prevent the location of a nuisance of this kind
was unnecessary, as the city authorities already
possessed the power to inhibit its location within
certain limits. That question, as I understand,
has been decided by the courts of the District,
and there is a denial of any such power 011 the
part of the municipal corporation, eitherof Wash-
ington or Georgetown, as has been claimed by
the Senator from New Hampshire. The second
section of the charter of the existing company
provides:
'• That the capital stocK of this coiporation shall not ex-
ceed $50,000 ; that a share in the same shall be twenty dol-
lars ; "and books of sublet lption to the said capital stock, or
to such portions thereof as from time to time may, by the
dircctois for the time being, be deemed pioper and neces-
sary, shall be opened by the appointment 01 under the di-
rection of tiie directors hereinafter named, subject to such
rules, limitations, and condition*, a* by them shall be pre-
scribed ; and the stock ot the corporation thall be deemed
personal property.35
The original was £50,000; but ax this enter-
prise developed itself, additional capital has been
invested from time to time, until the amount ex-
pended, as has been satisfactorily shown,amounts
to over six hundred thousand dollars. The third
section is merely declaratory as to the election of
dneetors, &c.:and as I only wish to read the im-
portant parts of the charter, I will pass that by.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
wil! suspend to allow the Chair to receive a mes-
sage.
Mr. BRIGHT. With pleasure.
MESSAGE F1LOM THE HOUSE.
A mi ssaso from the House of Representatives,
by Mi. Forney, its Clerk, announced that the
House had passed the joint resolution of the Sen-
ate (No. 72) to correct certain errors in the act
entitled "An act to provide for the payment of
outstanding Treasury notes, to authorize a loan,
to regulate and fix the duty on imports, and for
other purposes," approved 2d March, 1861.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
The message furtherannounced that the Speaker
had signed an enrolled bill (H. R. No. 203) to
enable the trustees of the Bluemont college to
preempt a certain quarter section of land, and for
other purposes; and it was signed by the Vice
President.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. BRAGG, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to whom was referred the bill (H. R.No.
942) for the relief of Sally G. Northup, reported
it with an amendment.
He also, from the Committee on Claims, to
whom was referred the bill (C. C. No. 94) for the
relief of Augustus H. Evans, reported it without
amendment.
METROPOLITAN GAS COMPANY.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill H.
R. No. 522 is before the Senate.
Mr. BRIGHT. Section four of the charter of
the present company provides-—
"That John F. Callan, Jacob Bigelow, B. B. French, W.
H. Harover, M. P. Callan, and W. A. Bradley, shall be the
first directors of the said company, who shall hold their of-
fices until the second Monday of January, in the year of our
Lord 1849, and until others are chosen in their places; and
they fchall pioceed to choose their president at such time
and place a^ they, or a majority of them, shall determine."
The fifth section provides—
<l That in case it shall at any time happen that an elec-
tion for directois shall not take place on the dav appointed
by this act for that purpose, the said corporation shall not
for that causc, or for any non user be deemed to be dis-
solved, but it shall and may be lawful to hold an election
for directois on any other day, in such manner as shall be
piovuled lor by the" by-laws of the said corporation."
That is one of the fatal defects, in my judg-
ment, in this bill. Suppose you grant all the
franchises claimed by this bill without any lim-
itation affixed as to when they shall be used: are
thoy to Ife perpetual ? There ought to be a point
of time named; and it should be declared that if
the corporators do not exercise the privileges con-
ferred by the bill within six, twelve, or twenty-
four months, they shall be forfeited. My object
is not to give to any company perpetual franchises
of this kind without their being used. If they are
not used by the grantees within a proper time,
they ought to expire, and the piiviieges be granted
to some one else.
Furthermore,such an amendment as I now pro-
pose is well calculated, as my fiiend from Noith
Carolina [Mr. Bragg] suggests, to break down
a very pernicious practice that 1 am told exists
even in the District of Columbia—that of levying
black mail. I hope there is nothing of that kind
intended by the bill of the Senator from New
Hampshire.
Mr. CLARK. " It must be on the other com-
pany; not on this one.
Mr. BRIGHT. The thii d amendment which
I propose, should be adopted; and if it is the pleas-
ure of the Senate to reconsider the vote passing
the bill, I hope I shall have the vote even of the
SenatorfromNewHampshire to insert that amend-
ment.
Section seven of the existing charter provides:
"That the president and directors f-hall have full power
and authority to manufacture, niaki*, ami sell gas, to be
marie of coal, oil, t.u, peat, piuh, 01 turpentine, or other
mat ci ial, and to be used tor the purpose of light in? the city
of Washington, 01 the street* theieo'*, and any building?,
manufactones, or houses therein contained and situate,
and to lay pipes for the puipoee of conducting gad in any
of the streets, avenues and ailevs of the said city; and
also, that the said company will so conduct the manulaeto-
ric* of ga« a? not to mjuie pnvate pu>p"i ty 01 create a nui-
sance : Provided, howomr. That the •« t:d pipe? shall be laid
subject to such eonditmns and 111 compliance with such
regulation-* as the eorpoiafion of \\ a-dmigton mav, from
time to tune, pi escribe. prowled, further, Triat the
riyht to erect or put up any building, woj ks, 01 appaiatiH.
for the niauuiactuic oi gas ^iall be subject to such terms,
conditions, lesirieiions, and regulations as the <-aid coipo-
ration ot Washington may or &hail, lrom time to tune,
pieseube or direct.'"
The most dangerous of all kinds of legislation
is that which leaves language ambiguous. I re-
marked, a moment ago, that if had been decided by
the courts of the District of Columbia, that the
seventh section of this act did not confer authority
upon the corporation either of Washington or
Georgetown to restrict the limits within which the
works should be located. All the power that the
corporations of Washington and Georgetown pos-
sess is derived directly from grants by Congress,
and from no other source. Now, as there has
been a clear denial of any such right by the courts
of the-District of Columbia, it is very important
that the amendment which I propose on this point
should be incorporated in this bill, and in lan-
guage so plain and intelligible as not to admit of
doubt or misconstruction.
The eighth section of the existing charter pro-
vides:
" That if any person or persons shall willfully do, or cause
to be done, any aet or acts whatever, whereby the works
of said corporation, or any pipe, conduit, plug,"cock, leser-
voir, or any engine, machine, or structure, or any matter,
or thing, appertaining to the same, shall be stopped, ob-
structed, impaired, weakened, injured, or destroyed, the
person or persons so offending shall forfeit and pay to the
said corporation double the amount of the damage sustained
by means of such offense or injury, to be recovered in the
name of the said corporation, with costs of suit, in any
action of debt, to be brought in any court having cognizance
thereof."
The ninth section provides:
" That nothing in this aet shall be construed to prevent
any person or persons, nor any incorporated company here-
after to be cieated by Congress for that purpose, from en-
gaging in and pursuingthc business specified in the seventh
section of this act; and that it shall be lawful for Congress
at any time hereafter to alter, amend, or repeal this act."
I believe there is no repealing clause in the bill
presented by the Senator from New Hampshire.
Mr. CLARK. Yes there is.
Mr. BRIGHT. The tenth section provides:
" That nothing in this act contained shall be construed
to authorize the said Washington Gas-light Company to
make, issue, or put m circulation any bill, draft, check,
order, promissory note, change ticket, or anything else
promising or agreeing to pay money, intended to circulate
as money, or the tendency of which shall be to circulate as
money or cunency; and the violation of any one of the
provisions of this section shall l>e a forfeiture of the charter
hciein granted and a fine of fifty dollars against each of the
directors voting for the same."
The eleventh section provides:
" That each of the stockholders in the Washington Gas-
light Company s>hall l>e held liable in his or her individual
capacity for all debts and liabilities of the said company,
howevei contracted or incurred, to be recovered bysuit as
other debts or liabilities, before the court or tribunal having
jurisdiction of the eas.e."
While on this point, will refer to the difference
between the section I have just read in the original
charter, and the one in the bill, that has been
offered by the Senator from New Hampshire.
He insisted in his opening remarks, that section
eleven, of the bill under consideration, was pre-
cisely in the language of the section upon the same
subject m the original charter. Now, mark the
difference:
Snc. It. be if further enacted, That each of the stock-
holder in tiio Metropolitan Gas-Light Company shall be
held liable in his or her individual capacity to the amount
of their individual stock.
There the liability ceases. The charter of the
company that I have spoken of, says they shall
be held liable in their individual capacity, for all
of the debts and liabilities of the company how-
ever contracted or incurred. There is a marked
difference between the two provisions. In this in-
stance the liability islimited to the extent of their
stock, and that stock is to be held by irresponsi-
ble corporators. The corporators named m the
act of 1848, are responsible men, admitted, known
to be such throughout this community.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
will give way to allow a message to be received.
A MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives
by Mr. Forney, its Clerk, announced that the
House had passed the bill of the Senate (No.215)
to amend the provisions of the fifty-sixth section
of "An act to regulate the collection of duties 011
imports and tonnage," approved 2d March, 1 <99.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message further announced that the Speaker
had signed the following enrolled bills and joint
resolutions; which thereupon received the signa-
ture of the Vice President:
A bill (S. No. 2]5) to amend the provisions of
the fifty-sixth section of an act to regulate the
collection of duties on imports and tonnage, ap-
proved 2d March, 1^99;
A bili (S, No, 10) in addition to "An art to
promote the progress of the useful arts;" and
A joint resolution (S. No. 72) to correct certain
