4'52
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 18,
according to the plan of the gentleman from Vir-
ginia, [Mr. Garrett,] with tins Capitol,-with the
mouth of the Mississippi, with the Territories,
and the thousand things that divide us, without
provoking civil war? Why, sir, we may do all
we can to prevent it; we may throw ourselves into
the breach; we may stand up and yield every-
thing, or cringe down and yield everything; but
I tell you that will not stop the surging \tfavcs.
If this Government is divided, though we may
agree to separate in peace—though every man here
may sign the bond—we know that eveuts hur-
riedly running forward will bring these two sec-
tions in hostile array against each other; and then,
what a war is there, my countrymen ! I know
that your southern people arc bravo, spirited, ac-
tive, quick; no man doubts that; but if you have
had any misapprehension about the northern peo-
ple—if you suppose that, becausc they are cold,
because they are not fired by your hot blood, they
will not perform their duty everywhere, you are
very much mistaken. We arc the equals of each
other; we are of the same blood, the same parent-
age, the same character; your vvaim sun has quick-
ened your blood, but our colder climate has steadied
the intellects and braced the energies of our peo-
ple.
I again repeat, Mr. Chairman, that we should
not allow ourselves to be deceived by words.
The question is not whether the United States
will coerce a State, but whether a State shall co-
erce the Government; whether this noble fabric,
devised by our fathers, shall fall without a blow.
I appeal to you again; I appeal to the Represent-
atives of all the States, whether we shall allow
Fort Sumter, the only place where our flag floats
in the harbor of Charleston, to be surrendered at
discretion. Forone,!say, never! nf.vru! Ever)
if to-morrow I should vote to give South Caro-
lina license to leave the Confederacy, if I had
the power; yet, while that flag floats, it is the
boundon and sacked duty of this Government to
protect it against all enemies, and at all hazards,
i had fondly hoped, while we disagreed, and
while I knew that our disagreement was marked
and decidtd, that you, gentlemen of the South,
would yourselves take the lead in the defense
of our property and ^uir honor; therefore I s,u
silent. I had hoped that, while we were discuss-
ing, you would insist upon the protection of the
property of the United States, and that our flag
should not be dishonored until we separated, in
peace or in war. 1 was much struck by a remark
made the other day by the honorable Senator
from Mississippi, [Mr. Davis,] that if we could
not agree with each other, we ought to separate
in peace—that we should take this old flag, and
fold itnway, and keep it as a much-loved me-
mento for us all. Hut, sir, we cannot do that
now. It has been lowered and tarnished, and we
all know and feel it.
I was surprised that my colleague [Mr. Pkx-
dleton] did not vote for the resolution offered by
the gentleman from NewJersey, in regard to Ma-
jor Anderson. I hoped thtjt the Ohio delegation
would unite in favor of that resolution. There
were but two exceptions. I think my colleague
ftorn the Dayton district [Mr. V\llani>igiiam]
voted in the negative; and my colleague who
made such an eloquent speech for peace to-day
did not vote on the passage of the resolution, but
voted against suspending the rules. I was surprised
that any one from Ohio should vote against it.
I was still more surprised, allow me to say to the
Representatives of Kentucky, that when their
own gallant son had but pet formed his boundon
duty they should have refused to vote to sustain
hiin in his removal from Fort Moultrie to the
strongest point in his command.
Mr. STEVENSON. Will the gentleman allow
me to say a word ?
Mr. SHERMAN. Oh, yes.
Mr. STEVENSON. Mr. Chairman,vl do not
suppose that there is a man of any party, or from
any section, who holds in higher estimation the
gallant services and noble character of Major An-
derson than the delegation now upon tins floor
from Kentucky; and it is surpassingly strange
that the gentleman from Ohio should now ques-
tion it, or allude to the failure of a portion of that
delegation to support the resolution of the gentle-
man from New Jersey, since most of my col-
leagues stated at the time, that, while they were
disposed to honor M. jor Anderson, and would
cheerfully vote for a part of that resolution, they
could not sustain the last part of it, which they
feared committed them to measures of coercion
by the Federal Government against sovereign
States of this Confederacy. The Kentucky del-
egation—at least a portion of them, including my-
self—differ from the gentleman of Ohio as to the
structure of this Government, and as to the foun-
dation upon which it was erected; and hence we
may well differ fundamentally as to what it may
become the duty of the Government, under a
given state of the case, to pursue towards seced-
ingStates; but, so far as Major Anderson is con-
cerned, uninformed as he was of any agreed
status between South Carolina and the Federal
Government, we not only approved of his course
in removing to Sumter, but we honored and ad-
mired in him even still more that calm states-
manship and patriotism which allowed him not
to return the lire when South Caiofina opened
herbattevics upon the Star of the West. We honor
that noble forbearance upon the part of the brave
soldier, and considcrita sparkling gem in his bril-
liant coronet of valor and fidelity.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 am very glad, indeed, Mr.
Chairman, to hear the gentleman from Kentucky
say even as much as he has done, fjut if he main-
tains the course of Major Anderson in removing
to Fort Sumter, I ask him now what will he do
with Major Anderson there? Will he allow him
to be girdled around with forts and barricades
till he is starved out like a rat?
Mr. STEVENSON. No, sir. The State of
South Carolina has, 1 rejoice to learn, opened her
markets, and given to Major Anderson his postal
facilities. So far as courtesies go, they have been
restored to Major Anderson. No reinforcements
are necessary for his comfort or safety now. It
was by the foresight, the prudence, the states-
manship of Major Anderson, which kept him from
firing, in order to prevent civil war, that even the
bale hope of preserving this Union under the Con-
stitution, and with its guarantees, is now left us.
Hut if the coui se intimated by the gentleman from
Ohio had been pursued, and if Alajor Anderson
had—as the gentleman's argument would seem
to imply he should have done—fired on Charles-
ton, we should have had at this moment civil
war, without the least hope of preserving* the
Union, or even reconstructing it under our blessed
Constitution. #
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr.Chairman, I have not
said, and the gentleman from Kentucky cannot
make me say, that Major Anderson should have
fired upon Charleston. The gentleman ought
not to have done me that injustice, especially
while he was speaking by my courtesy. I do not
know what Major Anderson should have done.
1 will not give my opinion on it until I see what
the facts were. 1 may say that my impulse would
have been to return the fire of Fort Morris, or
Fort Mo u I trie, or any other fort, or any other can-
non that fired upon the flag of the United States.
Hut I did not give any opinion on this point; and
certainly 1 would not have required Major Ander-
son, in vindicating the honor of his flag, to have
fired on the men, women, and children of the city of
Charleston. The very resolution referred to by the
gentleman from Kentucky, an extract from which
I have now before me, expresses only those plain
axioms against which I do not see how any mem-
ber could have voted. My friend says he would
have voted for thatpartof the resolution approv-
ing the conduct of Major Anderson, but that he
could not vote for other portions of it. What por-
tions? Is it that point in which we express "our
determination to maintain that fearless officer in
his present position, and in all constitutional
measures to enforce the laws and preserve the
Union ?" Why could not the gentleman vote for
that ?
Mr. STEVENSON. For the simple reason
that I do not know what might be, in th^sc stir-
ring and startling times, regarded by any Adminis-
tiation as constitutional measures. The gentleman
from Ohio thinks, for example, that the Consti-
tution authorizes the military power of this Gov-
ernment to be exercised against ten sovereign
States, with the avowed purpose of coercing them
back into this Confederacy ? I do not believe it;
and therefore I cannot commit myself blindly to a
doctrine I solemnly believe to be subversive of the
very foundation stones on which this Government
rests.
Again, sir, the gentleman has applauded Major
Anderson. Major Anderson saw that fla°- so
eloquently eulogized by the gentleman and so dear
to us all struck down. He saw the Star of the
West, with thatensigh unfurled,fired upon, Why
did he not return the fire? It was not that he
loved the flag less, but his country more. His
patriotic heart was big enough to brook the as-
sumed indignity rather than involve his country
in civil war. By such a course he differed wholly
with the gentleman from Ohio. I honor the gal-
lant soldier for it. His native Commonwealth
honors htm; and good and patriotic men must
always honor him for a prudence excelled only
by his valor, which saved his whole country
from civil war. No man will go further than I
will to preserve this Union. It must be a Union
of equals. I will join hands with any man, of
any party and from any section, in efforts to pre-
serve such a Union. And 1 believe Major Ander-
son would do his pan in so holy a work. He
knows, as we all know, it can only be preserved
by compromise and concession; and this can only
be reached by peace. But if it is to be preserved,
it can only be achieved by a full and clear recog-
nition: of the rights and equality of the States.
There are no disunionists in Kentucky. Her gal-
lant and distinguished Senator tenders, m her name,
the olive branch of peace in the propositions he
has presented. Why will not .the gentleman and
his fiiends accept them, and restore peace to a
distracted country? Let them not be deceived?
Much as Kentucky is devoted to the Confederacy,
great as are the sacrifices she is prepared to
make and has made for it, she will cling to no
Union upheld by force, and in which she is not a
recognized equal. [Applause from the galleries,
mingled with hisses.]
The CHAIRMAN. The galleries will preserve
order. The Chairman of the committee is in-
vested by the rules with authority to order the
galleries to he cleared, and if this disturbance be
repeated the Chair will exercise its authority.
Mr, SHERMAN. I am happy to say that I
approve the last phrase in the remarks of the gen-
tleman from Kentucky. I believe in the equality
of the States; I believe in the equality of the cit-
izens of the several States. I would not deprive
any State of its equality in the Union. This is
one of those expressions that are commonly used
on the stump, and often without meaning. There
is not a man within the sound of my voice who-
docs not believe that one State is equal to another;
that one citizen is equal to another; th.it a south-
ern citizen has the same right everywhere, where
ever our flag floats, that a northern citizen has.
No man denies that. Indeed, 1 might say that,
in practice, southern men have had a great many
more rights than northern men have had.
I am glad to know that the gentleman from
Kentucky docs not disagree with me so much as
to the views declared in thercso]ution,aahcdoes'
in regard to some inferences which he feared
somebody else might, in these constitutional times,
draw from the resolution. The resolution simply
expresses a desire to enforce the laws and to pre-
serve the Union—no more. I am willing to stand
on this platform. I can join heartily with all those
who made that pledge, whatever else they may
think or believe about the questions that divide
our people. If we can stand by each other, if
our constituents will stand by us in that emphatic
declaration, I do believe the good ship that has
borne us thus far on a prosperous voyage will
outlive the storm. But, sir, if wo yield too far to
the fury of the waves; if we now surrender with-
out resistance the forts, arsenals, dock-yards, and
other property of the Government, we o^jly dem-
onstrate that we arc not fit for the duties assigned
us; and,if our names survive our times, they will
only be recorded as those of a degenerate race,
who had not the manhood to preserve what their
fathers won. Gentlemen cannot come here and
say, " We demand this; or we demand that; stand
and deliver." That is the language of the high-
wayman. This is a great tribunal, where men
reason and judge and weigh and doubt and hesi-
tate and talk—and we have a good deal of that.
No section and no State can, because the presi-
dential election has gone against it, say, "We
will have this change iirthe Constitution, or we
will lire upon your ilag; we will have that change
in the Constitution, or we will seize upon your
forts." That is not the principle upon which this
