1412
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
errors in the act entitled " An act to provide for
the payment of outstanding Treasury notes, to
authorize a loan, to regulate and fix the duties on
imports, and for other purposes," approved 9A
March, 1861.
METROPOLITAN GAS COMPANY.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill to in-
corporate the Metropolitan Gas-Light Company,
in the District of Columbia, is before the Senate.
Mr. BRIGHT. If the vote reconsidering the
passage of the bill be agreed to, and it be brought
back into Committee of the Whole, I shall move
to strike out, in the eleventh section of the bill of
the Senator from New Hampshire, the words
" to the amount of their individual stock;" so that
the clause will read:
Sec. 11. Jlnd be it further enacted, That each of the
stockholders in the Metiopohtan Gas-Light Company shall
be held liable, m his or Iter individual capacity, tor all the
debts and liabilities ot the said company, however ex-
tracted or incurred, to be recovered by suit, as other debts
or liabilities, before the court or tribunal having jurisdiction
in the case.
The act incorporating the existing company as
I have said, was approved July 8, 1848. On the
2d of August, 1851, an amendment was made, and
an amendment very important, as connected with
the bill presented by the Senator from New Hamp-
shire*, and it will show the propriety of adopting
at least three of the six amendments that i have
prepared,and shall offer, if an opportunity is given
to me. The act of August 2, 1852, is:
An act to amond an act entitled " An act to ineoiporatn the
Washington Gas-light Company," approved July 8,1848.
-Be it enacted, That the act entitled '• An act to in-
corporate the Washington Gab-light Company,*-approved
July 8,18-1H, be, mul the same is hereby, amended by in
sertingm the section, immediatelybefoie tnevvotd "fifty,"
the wordsk* three hundred andand m the seventh section,
whcrcvei the woid 11 Washington" occur-*, by inciting; im-
mediately thereafter the words u and Geoi^etown."
Making the shares of the company $300, in-
stead of lifty dollars; making true what I said be-
fore, that originally this was an experiment, and
a very dangerous and doubtful one for men of
property to undertake, particularly with the clause
which I have read, making them individually
liable for all the debts of the corporation. By the
twelfth section of the act of July 20, 1854, it was
enacted:
"That all right granted to the Washington Gas-Light
Company by au act eniitlcd - An aft to amend an act en-
titled " An act to incorpoiat" the Washington Gas-light
Company, appio\ed July t-', IKih,*1 appioved Aiupi-r •>,
l&r-V to lay gas mains oi pipes ui the cut) <>f Geiugi-ionn,
be, and the same i< hereby, lopealed.''
These acts have been complicated somewhat
by making them applicable to Georgetown. As
originally passed, they were applicable to the city
of Washington alone; but subsequently there was
an act extending the pipes to the adjacent city of
Georgetown. The legislation that has taken place
since has been applicable as well to Georgetown
as to Washington, which has somewhat confused
the subject; but the Senator fiom New Ilamp-
shiic, doubtless, by an examination, will under-
stand exactly the relative position of the two.
Mr. CLARK. I dare say I shall, if the Sena-
tor keeps on about half an hour. 1 am getting
enlightened.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Indiana is entitled to the floor.
Mr. BRIGHT. On the 3d of January, 1855,
there was another act passed:
An act autlmii'/ing the Washington Gas-light Company to
imreasc the capital stock of said companj.
Be it enattol.be , That ti)*' Washington Ga- light Com-
pmi} be, and th<: same hereby is, authoiized to iucrou-o
tlu* capital «-t<>ck theieol
tfrc. 2. Jlnd be it further enaded, That the said stock
shall he sukseubed on the books of said company in shaics
of twenty dollars. and the hoidct- ol tlx,' s.ml j neio.i-'<d eei -
tifieatfs of stock shall be held Milwet to the s.ame liability
as provided m the eleventh section of theouguial act of in-
corporation, approved July tf, lMo.
These men were developing this experiment
year after year, and though the stock was not
profitable, they weie willing to risk their money
and make, their expenditure for the accommoda-
tion, as I have said, not of private individuals
only, but of the public.
Mr. POWELL. Will the Senator allow me
to call up a private bill
Mr. BRIGHT. T would rather not, for I
should like to conclude my remarks, but 1 will
yield to the Senator fiom Kentucky.
Mr. POWELL. I move to take up House
bill No. 740.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It requires
unanimous consent, theK% being another matter
before the Senate.
Mr. POWELL. I ask unanimous consent.
It will take but a single moment.
Mr. CLARK. 1 cannot consent. I want the
Senator from Indiana to read the by-laws of this
company, so that I can understand them. [Laugh-
ter.]
ADJOURNMENT OF CONGRESS.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Forney*, its Clerk, announced that the
House having completed its business, is now
ready to adjourn.
METROPOLITAN GAS COMPANY.
Mr. BRIGHT. Do I understand the Senator
from New Hampshire to say he would read the
by-laws ?
Mr. CLARK. I said I hoped the Senator from
Indiana would.
Mr. BRIGHT. I have not got them. I can
send, however, and get them to accommodate the
Senator. [Laughter.]
Mr. CLARK. I am very much obliged to the
Senator for his courtesy,and would be very glad
if ho would.
Mr. BRIGHT. I prefer, first, to get through
with some further explanations. The first sec-
tion of this bill provides:
That II. S. Davis, Cyrus Mooie, G. W. Cochrane, J. G.
Ellis, Jlaimon Uuins, Joseph Shillmgton, and Jeremiah
IJepbui n, and their piesent and fut uie associates, are heiehy
declared to be a body-politic and coiporate, by the name
and style of the Metiopolitan Gas-light Company,55 and
by the same name shall have perpetual succession, and
ahall be able to sue and bo sued, plead and be impleaded,
in all couits of law and equity in the District of Columbia
and elsewheie; and to make and have a common &eal.
I will not read the whole section. I believe it
is precisely the same as the corresponding section
in the charter that I have just read.
Mr. B1GLER. I insist on reading the whole
of it.
Mr. BRIGHT. I shall not be able to get through,
if I read the whole.
The second scction of the bill provides:
Th.it the capital stock ot thi^ corporation t-hall not ox-
eeed s;2U:U)()0. and that a shaie in the same shall he twenty
dollar : and books ol subscription to the --aid capital stock,
or to such putt ions thereol o> Iiom time to nine may, by the
directors toi the tunc b in<r. be deemed piopei and iieoe<-
sar\, shall be opened by the appointment oi undet uio di-
leetion ot the dneetois hereinatiei named, subject to such
rub's, limitations, and conditions as by them /[i ill bo pie-
«!cnbcd, and the stock of the coiporatiou shall be deemed
j>eibonal4>iopeity.
Section four, which I do not propose to amend,
! provides:
That II. S. Davis, Cyrus Moore, G. W. Cochtane, Har-
mon Bums, and Joseph Shillinpton, shnll bo the tnst direct-
ors of the said company, who .shall hold their otlices, until
tlu- second Monday ot Januaiy, in the yeai oi out Lord
ISCi, oi until the second Monday in Januai\ next succeed-
ing the passage ol this act, and until others aie i 'k/.mmi in
their place.*, and they shall pioceed to choose then presi-
dent at such nine and place as they t>r a majoiity of them
shall detenmne.
Mr. CLARK. Some gentlemen here did not
hear that section, and they request me to ask the
Senator from Indiana to read it again.
Mr. BRIGHT. It is lather an unimportant
section, and I hope the Senator from New Hamp-
shire will not insist upon my reading it again. I
come now to a section that I propose to amend,
which is of much more importance. Section five
provides:
That in ease it shall at anv time happen that an elec-
!' tion for directors shall not take place oa the day appointed
jt by this act for that puipose, the stUd toiporaliJn sb.til not
foi that cau-T, oi lor any non-user* be deemed to bo dis-
solved; but it shall and tna\ be lawtul to hold an election
tor directors on any other day, in such mannei as snail be
piovided for by the bj-Iaws ot the stud coipoiatiun.
|| 1 have already said that if the Senate determine
;i to give to these corporators the grant of power
!i claimed under this bill, it should not be given
I without a proper limitation. There is no pro-
j| priety, no justice, in so doing; it is contrary to
I public policy to give to any set of corporators un-
i, limited time to exercise valuable franchises, such
II as are conferred by this act of incorporation, with-
i. out a revision jn case of non-user. Does the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire intend that this grant
, • shall be pel petua!' Does he intend that these cor-
li porators &liail possess these privileges for an un-
limited time, without any reference as to whether
they are exercised or used ?
Mr. CLARK. Mr. President 
Mr. BRIGHT. I cannot yield to the Senator.
My time is important.
Mr. CLARK. I simply wanted to inquire if
he expected an answer?
Mr. BRIGHT. I did no task the question with
a view of eliciting an answer. I have too high
an appreciation of the sense of justice of the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire not to know what his
answer would be. I have served too long on the
committee with him to believe that he would con-
fer valuable privileges, such as are contained m
this bill, on any set of corporators, without affix-
ing a limit to it. These parties ought to be com-
pelled to exercise these valuable franchises within
some limited time—say one year; say two, if the
Senator prefers.
Mr. CLARK. I will say to the Senator that
they would be glad to exercise them within a year,
if he would only let them. [Laughter,]
Mr. BRIGHT. Well, sir, I wish to let them,
provided I can put this grant in fair competition
with another honest grant, and not prejudice the
rights of parties who have organized under it, and
have been seeking to benefit the public—and, I ad-
mit, seeking at the same time to benefit themselves
—for that is a part of the inducement to use capital
in such hazardous enterprises. This is one of
the sections which should be amended. In the
first place, you should declare that these corpo-
ratois are liable for the full amount of any debt
that may be contracted by the company, m con-
nection with this enterprise. That is a principle
which I am quite sure none of my political friends
on this side of the Chamber will repudiate, if I
can bring them to the yeas and nays upon it,and
I shall try very hard to do so before this bill is
disposed of. Obtaining that amendment, 1 shall
then ask for the limitation that I have named;
and if it be the pleasure of the Senate to put in
that amendment, I shall he content with one
other.
Mr. HALE. I hope the Senator from Indiana
will allow me to call up a little pension bill for an
old soldier.
Mr. BRIGHT. The Senator from New Hamp-
shire makes an appeal to me that I cannot resist.
I yield the floor.
Mr. HALE. I ask the unanimous consent of
the Senate to take up and pass a bill reported from
the Committee on Pensions, for the relief of Ed-
ward Williams, a poor old soldier.
Mr. CLARK. I object.
Mr. THOMSON. It is one of the most mer-
itorious cases lever had before me.
Mr. CHANDLER. 1 object.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objection being
made, the motion of the Senator from'New Hamp-
shire cannot be entertained.
Mr. CLINGMAN. The Senator from New
Hampshire, I presume, by the consent of theSen-
atorfrom Indiana, may move to postpone this bill
temporarily for ten or fifteen minutes, to act on
his pension bill.
Mr. CLARK. Oh, no; we cannot lose the
speech of the Senator from Indiana.
Mr COLLAMER. There are serious appre-
hensions that he will never finish that speech.
[Laughter.]
Mr. THOMSON. This old man cannot live
much longer, and I hope he will get his pension.
Mr. BRIGHT. I doubted the propriety of
yielding the floor to my friend from New Hamp-
shire, lest I should not conclude; but he so seldom
makes au appeal 
Mr. CHANDLER. I hope there will be no
interruption of the Senator from Indiana. We are
very much interested in his speech, and I trust he
will be allowed to finish it. I object to the con-
sideration of the bill of the Senator from New
Hampshire until we have heard the speech.
Mr. HALE. I was not in when the Senator
from Indiana began his speech, and I should like
him to tell me which side he has been talking on.
[Laughter.]
Mr. BRIGHT. I have been talking on both
sides. [Laughter.] I have been comparing the
bill granting certain privileges to a company that
; has been m active operation in the District for
! some time manufacturing gas—a very common
i article, by the way, in this region—with the bill
I proposed by the Senator's colleague; and I am
