1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
i«3
quite sure that if the honorable Senator had heard
me he would have been satisfied that this is far
from a perfect bill. I am struggling to add three
amendments; one containing the individual-liabil-
ity clause, as it is termed, something valuable in
Democratic parlance—and the Senator once be-
longed to that party, and knows with what tena-
city he adhered to whatever was regarded a funda-
mental principle ofit. Again, I wish to make the
language of one of the sections so clear as to leave
no room for doubtas to the denial of anything like
power on the part of this company to issue bank
paper, and to make quite clear the power of the
courts in the District of Columbia to decide be-
tween the city authorities and the corporators in
cases of nuisances, which I have stated is not now
clear. The next amendment, I will say, for the
benefit of the Senatorfrom New Hampshire, [Mr.
Hale,] as he asks me the question, was an amend-
ment which should deny to any set of corporators
tli* right to locate a nuisance of this kind, such as
gas woiks are, within a certain distance of any
private property, withoutthe consent of the prop-
erty-holders.
Mr HALE. That is right.
Mr. BRIGHT. The Senator from New Hamp-
shire says it is right. 1 wish I could get his col-
league to say the same thing.
Mr. CLARK. I will say to the Senator that
if the old company had located their nuisance,
and not suffered it to go around in the various
parts of the city, perhaps it would have been an
accommodation.
Mr. BRIGHT. The bare fact that there has
been complaint, and no doubt just complaint
against the present company in that respect, shows
the importance of these amendments.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Will the Sen-
ator from Indiana give way to allow a message
to be received ?
Mr, BRIGHT. Certainly.
BILLS BECOMlS LAWS.
A message from the President, by Mr. Gloss-
BmNER, his Secretary, announced that the Pres-
ident had, this day, approved and signed the fol-
lowing bills and joint resolution:
An act (S. No. 215) to amend the provisions of
the fifty-sixth section of an act to regulate the col-
lection of duties on imports and tonnage, approved
March 2, 1799;
A joint, resolution (S. No. 72) to correct certain
errors in the act entitled " An act to provide for
the payment of outstanding Treasury notes, to
authorize a loan, to regulate and fix the duties
on imports, and for other purposes," approved
IVlarch 2, 1861; and
An act (S. No. 10) in addition to " An act to
promote the progress of the useful arts."
PRIVATE BILLS.
Mr. BRIGHT. We are so near the last hours
of the session, that I am veiy anxious to have
the indulgence of the Senate to take up a small
private bill, which I have neglected in the hurry
of business, to call to the attention of the Senate
until this late moment. It is a bill (H. R. No.
4G5) gran ting a pension to Mary Shirtchfte, widow
of John Shirtchffe. It is the only bill of a private
character that is applicable to any constituent of
mine that 1 have asked to have considered during
the present session. I feel that it is my duty to
ask for its consideration now.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Indiana asks unanimous consent to take up
for passage the bill indicated by him.
Mr. CLARK. I feel it my duty to keep the
bill, which is properly under consideration before
the Senate, regularly up, so that the Senator can
go on with his speech, and give me an oppor-
tunity to say a word if there should be time.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objection being
made, the motion of the Senator from Indiana
cannot be entertained while the bill alluded to by
the Senator from New Hampshire is before the
Senate.
Mr. CAMERON. I hope the Senator from
Indiana will give way to me to make a motion to
take up a bill.
Mr. BRIGHT. As this is likely to be the last
chance of the Senator from Pennsylvania to make
a motion here. I will yield to him.
Mr. CAMERON. I know that, and therefore
I want to appeal to the liberality and friendship of
my friend from New Hampshire to allow me to
ask the Senate to take up and pass a bill giving
eleven dollars a month pension to a poor oltl man
who served twenty or thirty years in the Navy,
just to give him enough to be buried with. I hope
the Senator from New Hampshire will allow me
to call up this bill.
Mr. CLARK. I cannot consent.
FINAL ADJOURNMENT.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
take this occasion to lay before the Senate a mes-
sage from the House of Representatives, notify-
ing the Senate that the House, having: completed
its business, is ready to adjourn. Shall the Sec-
retary be directed to inform the House of Repre-
sentatives that the Senate is ready to adjourn?
It was so ordered.
EDWARD WILLIAMS.
Mr. CAMERON. 1 want to make one more
attempt to operate on the feelings of the Senator
from New Hampshire, in favor of the old man
to whom I have alluded. It is the last favor
which I shall ask. I hope the Senator will allow
me to move to take up the bill.
Mr. BRIGHT. I hope the Senator will yield
that to the Senator from Pennsylvania. The gas
bill, it is clear, cannot pass to-day.
Mr. CLARK. Docs the Senator from Penn-
sylvania make an appeal to me?
Mr. CAMERON. I do.
Mr. CLARK. I yield.
Mr. CAMERON. I am much obliged to the
Senator. I move to take up House bilfNo. 1001,
for the relief of Edward Williams.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
can be entertained only by unanimous consent.
The Chair hears no objection.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (H. R.
No. 1001) for the relief of Edward Williams was
considered as in Committee of the Whole. It
proposes to direct the Secretary of the Interior to
place the name <.t Edward Williams, of New Jer-
sey, upon the In. <if three-fourths-pay pensioners,
at the rate of 25 per month, to commence from
the 1st of January, 1851, and to continue during
his natural life.
Mr. HALE. I move to fill the blanks with
(< Mauricetown, m the county of Cumberland."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The blanks
will be so filled.
Mr. GRIMES. I should like to know what
this pension is for,
Mr. KLnG. Let the report be read.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair is
informed that no report accompanies the hill.
The bill was rcpoited to the Senate, ordered to
a third reading, read the third time, and passed.
EMPLOYES Or TIIE SENATE.
Mr. BRIGHT. Now, I ask the indulgence of
the Senate to Jake up the little bill I referred to.
Mr. CLARK. I cannot consent to that.
Mr. BRIGHT. I shall go on then with my
remarks upon the Senatoi 's bill. I will try to
dispose of it in the next five minutes.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I hope the
Senate will allow me to make a report.
Mr. BRIGHT. I give way for that purpose.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee, from the Com-
mittee to Audit and Control the Contingent Ex-
penses of the Senate, who were instructed by a res-
olution of the Senate of the 18th of June, 1860, to
inquire and report how many personsare employed
by the Senate in each and every department,
whether in the office of the Secretary or under the
direction of the Sergeant-at-Arms, or of the Door-
keeper, or in any other way and manner; the
compensation of eneh; the time that each individ-
ual is employed: the authority by which each per-
son is employed or appointed; and also to inform
the Senate whether, in the opinion of the com-
mittee, the services of any one thus employed
may not be dispensed with without detriment to
the public service, and also whether, in the con-
tingent expenses of the Senate, there are not abuses
which require reform and amendment, submitted
a report; which was ordered to be printed.
METROPOLITAN GAS COMPANY.
Mr. BRIGHT. 1 believe I am still entitled to
the floor.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
is en titled to the floor, on the motion to rcconsider
the vote passirg the bill to incorporate the Metro-
politan Gas-Light Company.
Mr. BRIGHT. Time admonishes me that it
will be impossible for me to finish my remarks on
this question. [Laughter.)
Mr. HALE. I move, if it be in order, that
the Senator have leave to print them. [Laugh-
ter.
Mr. BRIGHT. I was going to remark that I
would finish them next session. I know the in-
terruptions that are necessarily attendant on the
closing of a session.
Mr. CLARK. 1 want simply, now, to say
that this is a struggle on the part of a great over-
grown monopoly, to prevent the incorporation of
a little company, with $200,000 capital, for the
purpose of famishing gas in competition with
them; and so great and overgrown has it become,
that it has been able to procure a Senator of the
United States to come in here, and, hour after
hour, to stand and talk a bill out which the House
of Representatives passed, and which was sent
to this body* which was examined by your com-
mittee, and reported unanimously to be a fit bill
to pass this body; and the question is simply,
now, on the motion to reconsider, I ask, if we
have time, that the Senate take a vote on it with-
out a further word.
Mr. BRIGHT. I am not through, Mr. Presi-
dent; and I will say to the Senator that he will
never pass this bill, either at this or the next ses-
sion, until it is thoroughly sifted; and I shall show
a big job inside of it.
ADJOURNMENT SINE DIE.
Mr. RICE, from the committee appointed to wait
on the President of the United States, and inform
him that, unless he may have any further com-
munications to make, the Senate is ready to close
its session by an adjournment, reported that the
committee had performed the duty assigned them,
and that the President replied that he had no
further communication to make.
Hon. Hannibal Hamlin, Vice President elect,
entered the Senate Chamber, and was conducted
by Hon. Solomon Foot, of the committee of ar-
rangements, to a seat on the dais, to the left of
the Vice President.
The VICE PRESIDENT rose and said: Sen-
ators, in taking final leave of this position,! can ask
but a moment amidst the busy scenes around us,
to tender you my grateful acknowledgments for
the resolution declaring yourapproval of the man-
ner in which I have discharged the duties of the
Chair, and to express my deep sense of the uni-
form courtesy which, as the Presiding Officer, I
have received from every member of this body.
If I have committed errors, your generous for-
bearance refused to rebuke them; and, during the
whole period of my service here, I never have
appealed in vain to your justice or your charity.
The memory of all this will ever be cherished
among the most gratifying recollections of my
life; and for my successor, 1 can express no better
wish than that he may enjoy those relations of
mutual confidence and regard which have so hap-
pily marked my intercourse with the Senate.
And now, gentlemen, members of the Senate, of-
ficers of the Senate, from whom I have received
so many kind offices, accept my gratitude and
my cordial good wishes for your prosperity and
happiness.
The VICE PRESIDENT then intimated that
he was ready to administer the oath of office to
his successor.
Mr. HAMLIN rose and said: Senators, an ex-
perience of several years asa member of this body
has taught me many of the duties of its Presiding
Officer, which are delicate, sometimes embarrass-
ing, and always responsible. With a firm and
inflexible purpose to discharge these duties faith-
fully, relying upon the courtesy and cooperation
of Senators, and invoking the aid of Divine Prov-
idence, I am now ready to take the oath required
by the Constitution, and to enter upon the dis-
charge of the official duties intrusted to me in the
confidence of a generous public.
The VICEPRESIDENT (Mr. Breckinridge)
administered the oath to support the Constitution
of the United States to Mr. Hamlin, and pro-
claimed:
The hour having arrived for the termination
of this Congress, I now proclaim the Senate
adjourned without day.
