1414
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, March 2, 1861.
The House met at eleven o'clock, a. m. Prayer
bv the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas H. Stockton.
The 3 out nal of yesterday was read and approved.
ENROLLED BILLS AND RESOLUTION.
Air. RIGrGS, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that the committee had examined
and found truly enrolled bills and a resolution
of the following titles; and the Speaker thereupon
signed the same:
A bill for the relief of Richard Chenery;
A bill for the relief of Simon de Visser and Jose
de Villarubia; and
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 51) repealing a
resolution relating to the claim of George Fisher,
late of Florida, deceased, approved June 1,1860.
NEW ORLEANS MINT.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the Presidentof the United States,
in answer to a resolution of the House of Repre-
sentatives, adopted on the 11th of February, 1861,
respecting the seizure of the mintatNew Orleans,
with a large sum of money therein, by the author-
ities of the State of Louisiana, the refusal of the
treasurer of the branch mint to pay drafts of the
United Slates, &c., stating that all the information
within his possession or power, on these subjects,
was communicated to the House by the Secretary
of the Treasury, on the 21st ultimo; which was
laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
TROOPS IN WASHINGTON.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House the
following message of the President of the United
Status; which was laid on the table, and ordered
to be printed.
To the Home of Rp}wesentativc$:
In answer to their tesolution of tho 11th instant,<{ that
the Present oi the United States fuini&h to the House, if
not incompatible vhth the public uervice, tho roiivous that
have induced him to assemble so large a number of tioops
in tins city, and why they are kept here; and whethci ho
lias any lnfounation of a conspiracy upon the part of any
poition of the eitr/.ens of tins country to Miize upon tho
capital, and prevnt the inauguration of the Piesident
elect," the Picsldeut submit- that the number of troops as-
sembled in thb city is not large, as the isolation piesnp-
po--eri—ih lotal amount being six huudied and filty-tlnee
in'-n, exclusive oi the m<nines, who are, oi couimn at the
navy yard a-s their appropriate station. The^e troop* were
ordered h<M<> to act as a posse comUatm in strict suboiditta-
Iton to the civil authority, for the puipose of preserving
p< .lee and oidei in the city or Wa-hunjtou MiotilU this tie
necessary l>Hme oi at the period oi the inauguration of the
i*re«t(|en( elect
Since ihe date of the resolution, lion Mi. HowutD, ironi
the select coiiimitiee, has made a tepoit to the Him-tc on
tin - subject It was thoroughly investigated hy the com-
mittee, and although thuv have expie^ed tiie opinion that
tiie evidence before them doe- not piove the cxis-renec qf
ii -secret organisation hen; or elsewhere hostile to the <iov-
<*ianient, that has ior na object, upon its own ie>ponsibiI-
ity, an attack upon the capital, oi any of the public piopeity
)iere, or an interruption of any of the Junctions of tho Gov-
ernment, yet Hie House laid upon the table, by a very large
majority,!* rt>oluttonexpicssuig the opinion " that the icg-
ular tioops now m tin* city ought to he tofthwith removed
theiefrom." This of itself was a ►•ullieient iea>on tor not
wifhdinwirisr the troops.
Hut what was tiie dutv of the Ihe-ddent at the time the
tioops were ordered to tins city : Ou«?ht ho to have waited,
h"(ore tins precautionary measure wa-> adopted, until he
could obtain proof that a semct oigam/.auon evi-ted to
sei/.o the capital? !u the language of the select eomtnit-
tec, tins was " in a time ot hi«h excitement consequent
upon revolutionary events transpiring alt around us, the
very air filled with rumors, ami individuals indulginmn the
ino-,1 cxjrav:ig,intexpie.-sioi>s ol leui -and tlne.lt•^.,, I'nder
the ,e and other circumstances, winch I need not detail, but
winch appear in the testimony beloic the select committee,
1 \v,t> convinced that I ought to act. The saicty of the
immense amount ol public piopeity in this eit\, and that
<>■ r' e aichives ol tin* Government. in which all the Stales,
,-:nl especially the new States, m which the public lands
ai" >itu.ited. nave a deep mteiest; the peace and oider of
tue ' ity itself, ana the seemir\ ot'the inauguration oi the
Pn-alent elect, were object* of Mich vast importance to
the whole country, that I could not hesitate to adopt precau-
tionary defensive meu.-mie-i. At the present moment, when
all is quiet, it is difficult to le.iltjse the state of alarm which
pi evaded when the troops were lii-t ordcied to this city.
This almost instantly subsided after the arrival of the first
eompanv, and a feeling of comparative pence and security
has -incc e\tsted, both in Washington and thioughout the
country. Had I lefu-ed to adopt this piecautionary tneas-
uii , ami evil consequences, which many good men at the
time apprehended, had followed, f should never have for-
given myself. JAMES BUCHANAN.
Washington, March 1, 18G1.
NAVY REGISTER.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
communication from the Secretary of the Navy,
transmitting, for the use of tho House, three hun-
dred copies of the Navy Register for the current
year; which was laid on the table, and ordered to
be printed.
RESIGNATION OF TIIE PRINTER.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
communication from Thomas H. Ford, Printer ot
the House, resigning his office; which was laid
on the table, and ordered to be printed.
LIST OP CLERKS.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from the
War Department, transmitting, in pursuance of
law, a list of the clerks employed in that Depart-
ment; which was laid on the table, and ordered
to be printed.
PASSENGERS.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
communication from the Secretary of State, trans-
mittinga statement of thenumber and designation
of passengers arriving in the ports of the United
States for the year 1860; which was laid on the
table, and oidered to be printed.
JOHN II. WHEELER.
Mr. BRANCH. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the Committee of the "Whole
Houseon the Private Calendar be discharged from
the further consideration of Senate bill No. 270,
for the relief of John H. Wheeler.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. This is the lastday
in which piivate bills can be considered. I ask
that committees ni iy be called for reports, and
that nothing shall interrupt the regular business
of the morning hour.
Mr. BRANCH. 1 have the light to move to
suspend the rules.
The bill was read. It directs the Secretary of
the Treasury to pay to John H. Wheeler, late
minister resident of the United States at Nica-
ragua, the sum of $5,715 20, in full for losses by
exchange, for pmperty destroyed at Granada,
expenses incurred in taking testimony at San
Juan del Norte, and for relief extended to dis-
tressed American citizens crossing the Isthmus
during the interval between October, 1854, and
October, 1856.
The question was put, and the rules were sus-
pended, (two thirds having1 \oted therefor.)
Mr. IHtAJNCH. t call for the previous ques-
tion on the third leading of the bill.
The pre\ious question was seconded, and the
main question oi deied to be put.
The bill whs oideied to a third rending; and it
was accordingly read the thiid time.
Mr. BRANCH moved the previous question on
the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordeied to be put.
The bill was passed.
Air. BRANCH moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION HILL.
Mr. SHERMAN, from the committee of con-
ference on the Indian appropriation bill, made the
following repoi (:
The committee of conference on the dis-agroem" votes of
the two Mou>es on the amendments to the lull (II. R. No.
86")) making appropriation^ tor the current and contingent
expense-* ot tin* Indian derailment and ior fulfilling treaty
stipulation** with v.nioix Indian tribe* for the year ending
June '10. having met, altei lull and tiee conference,
have agreed to lecomtnend, and do recommend, to then
respective IIoimc.-. a - h-llow-*:
That the House leeedenoni it-* disagreement to the Sen-
ate's eighteenth amendment, and agree to the ->ame with
the following amendment . Add, .it the end of the amend-
ment, the lolhuving woids,- *• oi vo much thereof as may
he nece^aiv lot the expenses aetu illv* incuircd."
That the House icecdetroni it«disairrc"mentto the Sen-
atcV twenty-tir-a amendment, and, in lieu theieof, in.-ert
the following: " That the salary of the agent for I he Wieii-
itar-, and other Indians m the country le^ed bv the Choc-
taws to the United Urates, ^|Mll be;$i,o00 per annum, fiom
and after the 1-t day ot July, 18G0.*'
That tiie Senate concm in the amendment of the House
to the seventh amendment of the {senate.
That the Senate leccde fiom its amendments numbered
three and twenty.
That the House recede from it* disablement to the
amendments of the Senate numbered four, nineteen, five,
and six, and concur in &;ud amendments.
J. A. PEAttCE,
L \V. FOWJULL, i
D. CI, \BK, !
Manager s on the part of the Senate
EMERSOV ETHERIDGE, j
J. II. GRAHAM, |
on the j>art of the Howie. <
Mr. SHERMAN. Is it in order to move agree-
ment in the report of the committee of conference
on all the amendments except that relating to the
Choctaw Indians?
The SPEAKER. The vote must be taken upon
the report of the committee of conference as a
whole. It etuiuoL be divided.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then I hope that the House
will disagree to the Choctaw amendment of the
Senate. X trust, sir, that they will rather let the
bill £0 than agree to such an amendment.
Air. MAYNARD. 1 hope that the report of
the committee of conference will be concurred in.
Mr, PHELPS. I was a member of the com-
mittee of conference fiom which this report is
made. I dissent from it, and am now in favor of
the motion of the gentleman from Ohio, that it be
not agreed to. I dissent from the report upon
three or four of the amendments of the Senate,
and not alone upon the Choctaw amendment. I
believe, Mr. Speaker, if that Senate amendment
be concurred in by this House, this Government
will be bound to pay these Choctaw Indians some
$2,900,000, which I do not think that it ought to
pay to them at all. I hope that the report will be
rejected.
The question was taken; and the report of the
committee of conference was rejected.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that another com-
mittee of conference be asked for on the disagree-
ing votes between the two Houses, on the Indian
appropriation bill.
The motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKERappointed Messrs HowAitD,of
Michigan, Morrill, and Stu'vexson, managers
of said confeiencc on its pan.
HENRY RICK.
Mr. ELIOT. I move that the Committee of
the Whole House on the Private Calendar bedis-
charged from the further consideration of the Sen-
ate bill (No. 501) for the relief of Henry Rice,
and that the hill be now put on its passage.
Objection was made.
Mr. ELIOT moved that the rules be suspended
to enable him to submit the motion he had indi-
cated.
The motion was agiecd to.
The rules being' suspended, the Committee of
the "Whole Mouse on the Priwite Calendar was
discharged from the further consideration of the
bill; and it was biought before the House.
The lull was read. It duects the Seeietary of
the Treasury to pay, out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated, to Henry
Rice, the yum of $10,539 88, being a repayment
to him of that sum paid hy lummto theTieasury
as duties on goods imported into Castine, while
in possession of the British forces, the same not
being by law subject to the payment of duty,
under the decision of the Supreme Court of the
United States.
The bill was ordered to he read a thiid time;
and it was accordingly read the third tune, and
passed.
Mr. ELIOT moved to reconsider tho vote hy
which the bdl was passed; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
GUANO DISCOVERIES.
Mr. JOHN" COCHRANE. I ask unanimous
consent of the House for leave to report back to
the House Senate bill No. 303, supplementary
to the act entitled " An act to authorize protection
to be given to citizens of the United Status who
may discover deposits of guano," approved Au-
gust J8, 185(5, with sundry amendments.
Tbetewas no objection, and the report was
11 Mi-! JOHN" COCHRANE. As I intend to
move that the bill be put upon its passage, 1 will
make a brief explanation which will, I think, save
a great deal of time. The law regulating the
trade in guano was passed in August, 1856 Its
provisions are simply these: on a citizen discov-
ering an island of guano not occupied by citizens
of another nation, and taking peaceable possession
of it, such island shall, at the discretion of the
President, be considered to be the property of the
United States. But notice must first be given by
the discoverer to the State Department; and on
satisfactory evidence that the island was taken
possession of in the name of the United States,
