454
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 18,
ment maybe broken up by a majority of a single
State. If we hold this Union, and all the rights
it secures to us, and all the hopes we base upon
it, upon the whim or will of a single State, then
indeed it is the weakest Government ever devised
by man. If a single State may destroy our na-
tionality, then indeed is the wisdom of our fathers
the wisdom of babes. "VVe can no longer talk
about the weakness of the old confederacy or
anarchy of Mexico.
Sir, we owe it as the most sacred of duties to
Eut down this heresy. If it now fortifies itself
y sectional animosities, if it rises from party
rebellion to sectional and civil war, still it must
and will be met with determined resistance. Upon
this point, I am glad to say, the people ©f Ohio
are united, if the unanimous voice of the Legisla-
ture of that State is a true indication.
Again, I say, what is the use of concession,
conciliation, or compromise, when, if we yield
everything you demand, you cannot say to us:
"It will save us from disunion" or war? Are
we not in danger of quarreling about terms of
conciliation, when traitors are overthrowing the
Government we wish to preserve? Are we not
dividing ourselves for their benefit? What will
satisfy South Carolina and Florida and Missis-
sippi and Alabama? They want disunion, and
notcompromise or conciliation. The Democratic
party would not agree to their terms, and they
seceded from the Charleston and Baltimore con-
ventidns. Is it likely that we will yield what
our northern Democratic friends could not yield ?
Can you expect that this " Black Republican
party," as you please to call it, wiil yield to you
what your northern Democratic associates dare
not? It is utterly idle to talk about any such
terms of concession.
Mr. STEVENSON. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him a question?
Mr. SHERMAN. I cannot yield.
Mr. STEVENSON. I just want to ask the
gentleman whether, if he can be assured the cot-
ton States will accept it, he will yield the Crit-
tenden proposition. [Cries of "Order I'M
Mr. SHERMAN, I cannot yield the floor. I
ask you again, Mr. Chairman, what terms will
satisfy South Carolina, Florida, Mississippi, and
Alabama? I have no doubt Georgia is a much
more conservative State, as well as a much more
powerful State. Would you, gentlemen, accept
any terms we could give you?
Mr, HILL. I do not desire to interrupt the
gentleman; but I wis'* to make this one remark.
Mr. SHERMAN. I really cannot yield the
floor further-
Mr. HILL. I propose simply to ask a ques-
tion.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Ohio
declines to yield, and the gentleman from Geor-
gia is out ot order.
Mr. SHERMAN. There is no gentleman on
this floor to whom I would sooner yield than to
the gentleman from Georgia; but I nm under ob-
ligations not to allow myself to bo interrupted.
Mr. HILL. The gentleman asked a question
and 1 desire to answer it, if I can get the oppor-
tunity.
Mr. SHERMAN. The gentleman will have
an opportunity.
_ Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. These interrup-
tions are objected to by a dozen gentlemen, and
I hope my colleague will proceed.
Mr. SHERMAN. I say again to the gentle-
man from Georgia, that I hold the floor by unan-
imous consent, upon the terms that I should not
yield. I say again, Mr. Chairman, that I do not
believe any terms which our people could yield
and preserve their own self-respect would satisfy
South Carolina, Florida, or some of the other
southern States, because they are bent upon dis-
union.
We know that gentlemen who represented
South Carolina on this floor, if the newspapers
correctly report them, declared in the Charleston
convention, held recently, that they had brooded
over this matter for long years, and that they
only sought an opportunity, an occasion—or, if i
may use the word, a pretext—for the secession
of the State of South Carolina and the disruption
of the Union. Some stated that they had brooded
over disunion and prayed for its consummation
sim.e boyhood. We know, sir, that the seeds
of this revolution weie sowed in the time of An-
drew Jackson anchJohn C. Calhoun. We know
that, in 1832, the doctrines upon which this revo-
lution is going forward were initiated, and from
that time the young men of South Carolina have
been educated in the school of disunion. They
have cherished those doctrines in their innermost
hearts. All the concessions we might make, all
the compromises we could agree to, all the offer-
ings of peace we could make for the salvation of
this Union, would not be able to secure that de-
sired end, if South Carolina could prevent it.
Again: we miirht on this side properly say we
have done nothing to impair any constitutional
right. We propose to do nothing to infringe
yours. We have succeeded in a constitutional
way in electing a President of the United States.
All we ask is that he may be inaugurated in peace,
and may develop his policy in the usual manner.
We can add that this is the demand of all our
people, not only of those who voted for Mr. Lin-
coln, butof every loyal citizen. You tell us your
people arc excited and alarmed, that they appre-
hend that an ovciwhelming anti-s.avt tv element
is about to be inaugurated in power th&t will di-
rectly or indirectly affect the consul tional rights
of your States.
Perhaps you will confess, what you know to
be true, that for political purposes, in the strug-
gle of partisans for ascendency, both parties in
the South have united to fire the southern mind
against the hated Black Republicans of the North.
Speeches have been distorted, single sentences
have been torn from their context and made to
deceive and mislead. Garrison, Wendell Phil-
lips, Seward, Lincoln, and latterly Douglas, have
been mixed in a hated conglomerate, and used to
excite your people. A philosophic opinion of Mr.
Seward has been construed as the statement of a
settled purpose to overthrow slavery in the States,
although in the very paragraph itself all idea of
interference by the people of the free States with
slavery in the slave States is expressly excluded.
It is but a year since you inflamed your constitu-
ents because some of your fellow-mcmbeis rec-
ommended, without reading, a book writte-n by
one of your own citizens, containing obnoxious
opinions about slavery. Nearly all of you gave
birth, vitality, and victory, to the Republican
party, by adopting a policy you now join in con-
demning. Some of you broke down the only
political organization that could compete with us,
and thus gave us an easy victory. You have all
contributed, more or less, in perverting the pub-
lic mind as to our principles and purposes. And
I tell you, gentlemen, that when you call the Re-
publican party an Abolition party in the sense in
which you uso the word abolition; when you
quote from Garrison, Wendell Phillips, and from
like extreme men, and circulate their opinions all
over the South, telling the people of your States
that the people of the North have been educated
in these sentiments, profess them, and arc going
to put down slavery in the States, you do a great
injustice to the intelligence and the safety of your
people.
I have heard here, over and over again, this
course of agitation, pursued only the other day in
the Senate of the United States. Mr. Douglas—
I beg pardon, the Senator from Illinois—quoted
from one of the speeches of Mr. Lincoln that pas-
sage so familiar to us all, that, in his opinion, the
States would at some day be all slave or all free.
Sir, in this time when the people of the southern
States are in a storm of excitcmont^that speech of
the Senator from Illinois is sent over those States
as tending to show that Mr. Lincoln would in
some way interfere with slavery in the States. Air.
Lincoln answered thisinfcrcncc witha solemn dis-
claimer over and over again on the same" stump"
with that Senator. I ask whether it was just to
quote the opinion without giving the disclaimer?
It certainly was not. We might answer aIi„you
say by declaring that the Republican party does
not propose to interfere with your constitutional
rights. I have no doubt that the administration
of Mr. Lincoln will carry out the doctrines of the
Chicago platform; but not the platform as you
present it. Sir, it will convince the southern peo-
ple that all the things said about us are unfounded.
What, then, will be the fate of hundreds of poli-
ticians in the southern States who have stirred
their people up to the present intenseexcitement ?
Mr. McCLERNAND. Will the gentleman be
good enough to show wherein the speech of Mr.
Lincoln differs from the statement of it by my
distinguished colleague in the Senate?
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman from
Ohio yield to the gentleman from Illinois ?
Mr. SHERMAN. I prefer not.
Mr. McCLERNAND. The gentleman from
Ohio is mistaken when he says that the Senator
from Illinois misquoted the speech of Mr. Lincoln.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have not said that Mr.
Douglas misquoted Mr. Lincoln—I only said
that he had not given Mr. Lincoln the benefit of
his disclaimer and explanation.
Mr. McCLERNAND. Will the gentleman
say that what Mr. Douglas did quote misrep-
resented Mr. Lincoln?
Mr. SHERMAN. That is a matter for others
to judge of.
Mr. HILL. I hope the gentleman from Ohio
will yield to the gentleman from Illinois.
Mr. SHERMAN. I decline to yield any fur-
ther. I would yield were it not that I have given
my word to go on without further interruption.
Sir, the baptism of misrepresentation through
which this Republican party has thus far ad-
vanced, does not excuse us from doing all in our
power to produce conciliation, harmony, peace,
quiet, a fair and honest adjustment of all the dif-
ficulties that surround us.
Let us see where we stand; Slavery is either
the cause, or is made the pretext,for all our differ-
ences. Slavery of the African race is recognized
in fifteen of the southern States. It is prohibited
in eighteen northern States. Congress is the rep-
resentative of the people of all these States. All
parties affirm that Congress has no power to
abolish slavery in any of the fifteen States, norto
establish it in either of the eighteen States; and
that it has no right to interfere with that subject
directly or indirectly m either of the States. So
far we arc agreed. At an early day of this ses-
sion, I was surprised at the request of a fellow-
member from a southern State, that we should
insert, as an amendment to the Constitution, that
Congress shall never interfere with slavery in the
States. Why? Who claims such power? Its
denial is in the platform of every political party,
and in none more clcarly stated than in the Chi-
cago platform. Every prominent politician hap?
stated it as an axiom of American polities. But
I was told there was such an apprehension in the
southern mind, to remove which would tend to
reconciliation. In other words, a constitutional
amendment is wanted to convince the South that
what has been so often stated to their people was
not truly stated. Very well; let the Constitution
be so amended. Declare in your own language,
in the clearest manner, that each State shall make,
changc, modify, its domestic institutions m iu
own way. As a matter of convenience, I prefer
such an amendment, as it will save us forever, 1
trust, from answering the oft-repeated assertion
that we intend to interfere with slavery in the
States.
In connection with this subject, I can cordially
approve the fourth proposition stated by Mr.
Seward. It is as follows:
" I hold my>clf ready now, as always heretofore, to vote
for any properly pmided lawn which shall be deemed w-
ce^aiv to prevent mutual invasion-* ot States by citizens of
other State?, and punish those who &hall aid and abet
them."
Fortunately, in our history, we have had but
two such invasions, both calamitous to those who
set them on foot. The one was the armed inva-
sion of Kansas by citizens of Missouri; the other
was the conspiracy and armed foray of John Brown
on the soil of Virginia. These examples are not
likely to encourage similar attempts; but when-
ever they occur, they should be promptly and
severely punished.
Our people in the North have the right to ex-
press their opinions about slavery; to write them,
to speak them, to preach them. Freedom of
speech, freedom of the press, and freedom of
opinion, are essential to the preservation of repub-
lican institutions; and they never can be, and
never will be surrendered. Theirconvictions that
slavery is a social, moral, and political evil, are
fixed and immutable. They are now shared by
the great body of the civilized world. They are
not likely to be weakened by time or reason, and
surely they will not be weakened by threats of
disunion. They have a right to their opinions;
you have a right to yours. You can write them,
