1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1415
and at the time was not in possession of any for-
eign nation, it is then provided that the discoverer
shall have the right to sell the guano, but only to
citizens of the United States, at places fixed and
within a certain time. And the President of the
United States is invested with the power of using
the naval force of the United States to protect the
rights of such citizen. The pending bill is an
amendment to and supplementary of that law.
•It has been ascertained since 1856 that the law
then passed was not perfect, but rather in some
points worked to the injury of our relations with
foreign Governments. First, we provide that the
bonds required under the law of 1856 shall be evi-
dence of the preliminary facts; second, that the
naval forces shall not be employed at the discre-
tion of the President, but at the pleasure of Con-
gress; third, that imported or coastwise guano
shall be inspected, examined, and analyzed; and
fouith, that that part of the law which confines
sales to citizens of the United States shall be re-
pealed. I move that the amendments be agreed
to, and the bill put upon its passage.
The amendments were agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be read
a third time; and it was accordingly read the
third time, and passed.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid upon
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PRIVATE BILLS.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House for leave to introduce the following
resolution.
Mr. TAPPAN. This is private bill day, and
the regular order of business is the call of com-
mittees for reports on private matters.
The SPEAKER. It is in order, also, to move
that the rules be suspended.
The Clerk read the resolution, as follows:
Resolved, That the States be called in thf  nsual order,
and that each member of the House be allowed to present
one bill or resolution lor the consideration of the House.
Mr. TAPPAN. I am willing to agree to that.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I also agree to that
resolution.
Objection was made.
Mr. LOVEJOY moved that the rules be sus-
pended, in order that the resolution might be
submitted.
Mr. BARR demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Kellogg,
of Illinois, and Barr, were appointed.
Mr. BURNETT. That resolution, at this late
stage of the session, can never be carried out.
The tellers reported—ayes twenty-nine, noes
not counted.
Mr. LOVEJOY demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The rules were not suspended.
NEVADA AND DAKOTA.
On motion of Mr. GROW, it was
Ordered, That the bills for the organization of the Ter-
ritories of Nevada and Dakota, aa passed, be printed.
CONTINGENT fUND.
Mr. SPINNER, from the Committee of Ac-
counts, submitted, by unanimous consent, a re-
port, in compliance with a resolution of the House,
in reference to what additional legislation is neces-
sary concerning the contingentfund of the House
of Representatives; which was laid upon the table,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. BLAKE. I insist that the rules be en-
forced, and the members in the area be required
to resume their seats. Those of us who occupy
our seats cannot get the floor at all.
The SPEAKER. Gentlemen will resume their
seats,
PAGES, ETC.
Mr. SPINNER. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee of Accounts to report the following reso-
lution to the House, and ask that it be put on its
passage:
Resolved, That the Committee of Accounts are hereby
authorized and required to settle and adjust the claims of
cuoli boys or pages a* were in the f-rrvioe of the Tlou<e
of ^preventative5*, prior to the airangement of pages under
the ir-ohifion of the Hoi^e of ]\lareti y, J850. noi exceed-
n.g twelve in nuinbpr; and that s wd committee are fw t'v r
ntjU'nn/.rvi ,tn<! dncetfrj 10 adjust th<* of the «evpral
b(v<k and other le'deri, n^t exc'eeriiii',* twelve in mimfcer,
and to allow each what may appear to said committee to
be just and equitable; and the accounts so adjusted and
allowed by said committee, together with such claims as
were passed and allowed by the Committee of Accounts
of theThirty-Fourth Congress, shall be paid out of the con-
tingent fund of the House of Representatives.
Mr. BURNETT, I want a limitation upon the
power of the committee; and unless that is done,
I shall object to the resolution. 1 want their action
subject to the approval of the accounting officers
of the Treasury Department.
Mr. SPINNER. I desire to say a word in
explanation of this resolution.
Mr. BURNETT. I do not want to lose my
right to object. I will hear the gentleman.
Mr. SPINNER. At the close of the last session
of Congress a similar resolution was introduced.
Mr. MONTGOMERY. I object to the reso-
lution.
Mr. SIMMS. I move that we take up the Sen-
ate bills of a private character on the Speaker's
table.
Mr. SPINNER. I have the floor.
The SPEAKER. The resolution of the gen-
tleman is objected to.
Mr. SPINNER. Then I move to suspend the
rules; and upon that I demand tellers.
Tellers were orderedtand Messrs. SpiNNERand
Hindman were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes one hundred and six; noes not counted.
Mr. BURNETT. I want the yeas and nays if
I can get them. I hope the gentlemen who are
in favor of the resolution will give us the yeas and
nays, and then we will trouble them no further.
I demand the yeas and nays, and call for tellers
thereon.
Tellers were not ordered.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The rules were then suspended; and
Mr. SPINNER introduced the resolution.
Mr. BURNETT. Mr. Speaker 
Mr. SPINNER. I demand the previous ques-
tion upon the resolution.
Mr. BURNETT. Did not I have the floor? I
was upon the floor before the gentleman from
New York.
Mr. SPINNER. I had the floor, and moved
the previous question.
The SPEAKER. I do not wonder that there
should be clashing claims in this confusion. The
gentleman from JNew York demanded the pre-
vious question.
Mr. BURNETT. The amendment was not
then before the House. It is now before the House,
and I addressed the Chair. The gentleman from
New York has not called the previous question.
Mr. SPINNER. I did move the previous ques-
tion, when thegentleman from Kentucky objected.
Mr. BURNETT. Exactly; but that was upon
suspending the resolution. The gentleman has
not since demanded it, and I rose to address the
Chair.
Mr. SPINNER. I rose in my place before the
gentleman from Kentucky, and called the pre-
vious question.
Mr. BURNETT. The gentleman is very much
mistaken.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the gen-
tleman from New York did demand the previous
question.
Mr. BURNETT. The gentleman from New
York does not pretend to have demanded the pre-
vious question, except when he introduced the
resolution.
The SPEAKER. He was entitled to the floor.
Mr. BURNETT. Exactly, if he had sought
the floor; but that he did not do.
Mr. SPINNER. I did not yield the floor. The
Chair appointed me as one of the tellers; and, be-
fore 1 had reached my seat, the gentleman from
Kentucky took the floor.
The previous question was then seconded,and
the mam question ordered to be put; and, under
the operation thereof, the resolution was agreed to.
Mr. SPINNER. I move to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was passed; and also move
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PRINTING DOCUMENTS.
Mr. HASKIN.* I rise to a privileged question.
I am instructed by the Committee on Printing,
which is entitled to repoit at any time, to submit
to the House three resolutions for their adoption.
I call the previous question upon each of the res-
olutions.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put; and, under the
operation thereof, the following resolutions were
adopted:
Resolved^ That there be printed twenty thousand 'extra
copies of the report and testimony of the select committee
on the abstracted Indian tiust bonds from the Department
of the Interior, five hundred copies of which shall be for the
use of the Interior Department.
Resolved, That two thousand extra copies of the Morrill
tariff bill, as amended, be printed for the use of the mem-
bers of this House.
Resolved, That there be printed, for the use of the mem-
bers of the House, twenty thousand copies of each of the
reports of Major A. Mordecai, of ordnance, and Major
Richard Delafield, of the corps of engineers, the two com-
missioners? appointed by the War Department, In 1855, to
visit Europe for the purpose of obtaining information in
legard to the military seivice in general, and especially the
practical workings of the changes which have been intro-
duced, of late years, into the military system of the nations'
of Europe."
Mr. HASKIN moved to reconsider the several
votes by which the amendments were agreed to;
and also moved to lay the motion to reconsider
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. BINGHAM obtained the floor.
Mr. CURTIS. I call for the regular order of
business.
Mr. BURNETT. At twelve o'clock the spe-
cial order comes up.
The SPEAKER.' The Chair is advised that
there is a special order for this hour.
Mr. BINGHAM. What is the special order?
The SPEAKER. It is the Post Office appro-
priation bill.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I rise to a question
of privilege.
Mr. SHERMAN. There can be no privileged
question of a higher character than this. I now
move that the Post Office bill be made the special
order in the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, and that all debate close in com-
mittee in five minutes after the committee pro-
ceeds to the consideration of the bill.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I have a right to
state my question of privilege, though the gentle-
man from Ohio has said that there is no higher
question of privilege than the bill under consider*
ation. I was absent last evening, on the duties
of a select committee, when the vote was taken to
suspend the rules to introduce the resolutions of
the peace conference. Had I been present, I
should have voted in the affirmative.
The SPEAKER. The question is on the mo-
tion to terminate debate.
The motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Patton,
one of their Clerks, announced that the Senate
had passed, without amendment, bills of the House
of the following titles:
A bill (No. 311) for the relief of Mrs. Mary
Ann Henry;
A bill (No. 426) for the relief of John Y.
Sewell;
A bill (No. 461) granting an invalid pension
to Charles Appleton.
A bill (No. 530) granting a pension to Jane
Yates; and
A bill (No. 666) for the relief of William Sutton.
Also, that the Senate insist on their former ac-
tion on the bill of the House (No. 899) making
appropriations for the support of the Army for
the year ending .Tune 30, 1865; agree to the con-
ference asked by the House on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses thereon; and have ap-
pointed Mr Fessenden, Mr. Latham, and Mr.
Bragg, the managers at the said conference on
the part of the Senate.
POST OFFICE APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. SHERMAN. I now move that the House
resolve itself into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into th*
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Burnett in the chair,) and proceeded to the
consideration of the Senate amendments to the
bill of the House (No. 971) making appropiiations
for the service of the Post Office Department for
the fi?cal year ending June 30, 1862.
