1416
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
First amendment of the Senate:
On page 1, line fifteen, after the word " dollars," insert
the lollowing:
And the Postmaster General is hereby directed to re-
examine the causes for discontinuance or curtailment of
the postal service on inland routes since the 4th day of
March, 1859, and to restore all such parts of the said ser-
vice as can he restored, with due legard to the public in-
terest and the circumstances of each case ; whether such
discontinuance or curtailment was upon contracts not in
forcc, orhas taken effect upon the making of new contracts:
Provided, That the restoration and increase of service
hereby contemplated ishall not be made without the consent
of the contractor in each case, and in pursuance of his
contract.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended non-concurrence.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois.. I desire to
say a word or two to the committee in relation to
this amendment. This amendment of the Senate,
in which the Committee of Ways and Means rec-
ommended concurrence, is substantially the same
as the amendment which was putin by the House.
They have only changed tne language. The
Huusc put the amendment in the shape of a pro-
viso, in order to meet the rules of the House; and
the Senate have merely changed the form of it.
This is a matter which has been fully considered;
and the House passed the amendment by a vote
of more than two to one. I hope that those who
are in favor of having those cases reexamined will
vote to sustain the amendment of the Senate. It
leaves the bill precisely as we wanted it when we
voted on the question in the House. I ask for
tellers on the amendment.
Tellers were not ordered.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Second amendment:
Paso 1, line fifteen, after the word "dollars," strike out
the following:
" Provided,This appropriation is hereby made on the con-
dition that the Po.-tnm-nr'r (Jencral rocx.umun the causes
for discontinuance or entailment of the postal seivico on
inland route1? since the 4th daj of Maich, 1659, and restore
all such parts of the --aid scrvicc; ;is van be n htorcd with
due ie«ard to Miu public interest and the eiieumstances of
caeli ease; whetbci such discontinuance or cuitailnient
was upon eontiaets yet in loice, ot ha* taken effect upon
the making ot' new Contmotsj that the ie&torntion or in-
cieuM: of service heieby contemplated shall he with the
consent of the contractor in each, or in pursuance of his
contract."
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Third amendment:
Paf*e '-i, line nine, add ;rt the end thereof, " except to the
po-tiiM-;tei at Wnslnnyton city, District of Columbia, in
ptirMKince ot the e.ustim,' law autbori/inp a special allow-
ance to him lor Mich sei \ ice m) that it will rend :
For compensation to poMmastei^, ,<£2,"509,000 ; Provided,
That no compensation shall he paid to postmaster- alter the
30ih ol .fune, trtbt, for the delivery oi free letters or papers
to then l ecip cms, e.\crpt to the po-tina-tci at Washington
cltv, l)f ti ict ot Columbia, in pnrMianee of the existing law
authorizing a special allowance to him lor such service.
Tire Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended concunence.
The amendment was concurred it.
MKSSAOIO FROM THE PUESTDENT.
The committee rose informally; and a message
was received from the President of the United
States, by A.J. Glossbrrxner, his Private Sec-
retary, informing the House that lie had approved
and signed bills of the following titles:
An act (H. It. No. 338) to provide for the pay-
ment of outstanding Treasury notes, to authorize
a loan, to regulate and fix the duties on imports,
and for other purposes;
An act (13. R. No. 6,35) granting a pension to
Prenliw Champlain;
An act (II. 11. -No. 0H1) to confirm a certain
private land claim in the Territory of New Mex-
ico;
An act (H. R. No. 997) for the relief of Green-
buiyM. Watkins, of Montgomery county, Mary-
land; and
An act (H. R.No. 576) for the relief of Messrs.
Coale & Barr.
POST OFFICE APPROPRIATION BILL—AGAIN.
The Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union then resumed its session.
Fourth amendment:
Page 2, line twenty-five, at the end thereof, add:
Ptovidcd, That the provision in the fiist section of the
act of June 15.16G0, making appropriations lor the service
ot the Pom, Office Department, which restarts the maxi-
mum compensation to be paid to po>t route agents to $8U0
pei year, be, and the same is, heieby repealed.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mend non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Fifth amendment:
At the end of the bill, add the following:
Sec. 5. Aiul be it further enacted, That the compensa-
tion of the special mail agent of the Post Office Department
for the Pacific coast shall be $2,500 per annum; such rate
to take effect in virtue of this provision fiom the 30th day
of June, 1861.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Sixth amendment:
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That the sum of
$350,000, or so much thereof as may be necessary, be, and
the same is hereby, appropriated, out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for carrying the mail
from New York, via Panama, to San Francisco, three tiroes
a month, from the 1st day ot July, 18G0, to the 1st day of
July, 1861.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended non-concurrence.
Mr. COLFAX. When this amendment is ex-
plained, I have no doubt the House will unani-
mously concur in it. It was drawn by the Post
Office Department. We have passed a similar
provision in a previous bill, with the exception
that we provided for paying for carrying the mails
by oflfian service from last July to the coming
July, $350,000; but the postages were to be de-
ducted. Now, the Post Office Department arc
unable to tell the amount of postages received, as
they have taken no measures to find it out. It
would require a great deal of labor to ascertain it.
They therefore sent to the Treasury Department
a certificate for $350,000, leaving the postages in
the Treasury, whereallthe postagesof the coun-
try are now. TheTreaaury Departmentsuspended
the order, because they required the Post Office
Department to furnish them the exact amount of
postages received from the route, which they would
pay, and also an additional amount out of the
Treasury, to make up $350,000. It is nothing but
red tapeism,I may say. This amendment was
drawn at the Post Office Department, and it pro-
poses simply to give the contractors the amount
that the President, the Postmaster General, the
Senate, and the House, have all agreed to give
them. There is no question about the correctness
of the amendment, 1 can assure the committee.
The amendment was concurred in.
Seventh amendment:
8fc. 7. And be it further cnadcd% That the Postmaster
General be. and he is- hereby, authorized and directed to
return! to Franklin Haven ami ins associates the sum of
money deposited by them with the Post Office Department,
requited indemnity for the continuance of the Doston
po«>t office in the former locality, id po^t oflice lnivtn 
since been removed : Provided, That from the sum of
money tbus depoMted, the Postma-ter General shall fir.-t
deduct the expen&e of one removal of the said po:-t office
each way.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended non-concurrence.
Mr. COLFAX. Mr. Chairman, this matter is
in charge of the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Alley,] who is a member of the Committee
on the Post Olfice and Post Roads, and who hap-
pens to be temporarily absent. 1 desire to state
that the Post Oflice Committees of both Houses
have recommended the refunding of this amount
of $1:2,000. It is a case in which there was a con-
flict as to the site of the post olliee in Boston. It
was ordered to be removed, by the Post Oflice
Department, from State street to Summer street.
A peremptory oider of Congress prevented its re-
moval during the session of Congress; but the law
suspending the order of removal required that the
merchants of Boston, who desired the post office
to remain in State street, should pay into the
Treasury $12,000, which was the rent of the other
building, to which the Government desired to re-
move the post office. When the law expired,
although the $12,000 had been paid by the Boston
merchants, the post olliee was again removed to
the Summer sticet location. They have come
here and asked to have this amount refunded, as
they have lost the post oifico. from the site where
they desired to have it. The Senate adopted the
amendment unanimously, and I hope the House
will concur in it.
Mr. SHERMAN. In justice to the Committee
of Ways and Means, I will state that we rejected
this amendment, simply because it is one of a
numerous class of private claims put upon the
appropriation bills, and we had no time to inquire
into its merits.
The amendment was concurred in.
Eighth amendment:
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That the Postmaster
General is hereby authorized to extend the existing mail
contract on route 13564, in the State of Minnesota, so that
it will expire June 30,1*365; and that said service be semi-
weekly for the same period: Provided, The increase of
pay shall not exceed the pro rata amount now paid.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended non-concurrence.
Mr. COLFAX. The Committee of Ways and
Means, by recommending non-concurrence with
the Senate amendments, compels me to occupy the
floor more frequently than I desire; and I believe
that hereafter 1 ought to insist that Post Office ap-
propriation bills should be referred to the Post
Office Committee, instead of the Committee of
Ways and Means. 1 will explain the amend-
ment very briefly. There is a weekly mail route
now in operation from St. Cloudvia Breckinridge,
and up the Red River of the North to Pembina, five
hundred and sixty miles in length. All the mails
to the British North American provinces in that
region are carried on that line. That route is their
only connection with the States. The Senate Post
Office Committee have agreed to increase that
weekly mail service to semi-weekly mail service,
at pro rata compensation, involving a cost of
§11,000 per year.
I wish to state to the committee that when the
post route bill was up, we had to offend my friend
from Minnesota, who threatened to secede [laugh-
ter] because we struck out the appropriation of
$200,000 for overland mail service from St. Paul
to the Pacific coast. I told them I was willing to
recommend giving them interiorservice, to supply
the wants of the people of Minnesota; but that I
was not willing to recommend an overland daily
mail to the Pacific coast, involving great expense.
Alt that they ask now is a simple extension of the
service on this road from weekly to semi-weekly.
It carries the British mails for that region of
British North America, and for all the valley of
the Red River of the North.
Mr. SHERMAN. I oppose the amendment,
for a very obvious reason. ThePostOffice Com-
mittee in the Senate load down the annual appro-
priation bill with all sorts of pet projects. This
is a mere extension of a mail route; nothing more
nor less. If this practice be favored—and I see
my friend from Indiana seems to favor the prac-
tice—the annual appropriation bill will be mere
miscellaneous bills for the purpose of providing
for mail routes and postmasters; after a while,
they will probably introduce amendments to ap-
point postmasters. It seems to me that the ap-
propriation bill ought to be kept clear of these
extraneous matters; and therefore I hope the
llouse will non-concur in the amendment of the
Senate.
Mr. ALDRICH. I move to amend by striking
out the hist proviso. I desire to say, in connec-
tion with this matter, that the arrangement has
been agreed upon between the Post Office Com-
mittees of the House and Senate, to give us the
increased service at the expense of $11^000 a year,
m lieu of the §200,000 which the Senate proposed
to give us on the post route bill. I trust the com-
mittee will favor us thus much, notwithstanding
that my friend from Ohio [Mr. Sherman] thinks
the Senate is loading down the appropriation bills
with dead dogs. This is no dead dog; it is alive
lion. [Laughter.]
The question being on the amendment to the
amendment,
Mr. ALDRICH withdrew it.
The Senate amendment was non-concurred in.
Ninth amendment:
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted, That in lieu of the daily
service on the central route, provided by IIousc bill 714,
entitled uAn act tor the establishment ot post route-.," ap-
proved Fehiuary 27,1861, the Postmaster General is hereby
directed to discontinue the mail service on route No. 12578,
lrom St. Louis and Memphis to San Franci&co, California,
and to modify tire contract on said route, subject to the
same terms and condition's only as hereinafter provided ;
i-aul discontinuance to take effect on or befoie July 1,38G1.
The eontutctors on said route shall be requited to transport
the entire letter mail six times a week on the central route,
*aid letter mail to be carried through in twenty days' tune
eight months in the year, and in twenty-three days the re-
maining four months in the year, from some point on the
Missouri river connected with the East, to Placerville, Cal-
ifornia, and also to deliver the entire mails tri-weefcly to
Denver City and Great Salt Lake City j said contractors
