458
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 18,
[Laughter.] Pro-slavery Presidents and Con-
gresses have always ruled us heretofoie.
Mr. CRAWFORD. Mr. Chairman, the an-
nouncement made by the gentleman from Illinois
is not true in one solitary particular. We have
never elected a President of the United States by
the people of the slave States alone.
Mr. LOVEJOY. No, sir; but we have elected
pro-slavery men.
Mr. CRAWFORD! We have elected^ men
according to the provisions of the Constitution of
the United States, by the aid of a portion of the
northern Democracy, from the commencement of
the Government, until now. We have always
gotten some northern States to support our candi-
date for the Presidency, and very frequently elected
northern men Presidents of the United States.
This being the case, the statement made by the
gentleman from Illinois is untrue. We say that
if we had eighteen States,with acontrollingpower
in every branch of the Government, and had
elected our candidate for President, and with a
party of two million voters to carry out every
thing I have said, then I appeal to men of the
North to say whether they would submit for a
solitary hour? I know that the New England
States, I know that Ohio and Illinois and Indi-
ana and Michigan, and even Minnesota—ay, not
a single one of the northern States would submit
ft solitary hour to the administration of this Gov-
ernment by a pro-slavery party, for the purpose
of establishing slavery within its borders.
Mr. GROW. I wish to say that next Monday
we shall have general debate again upon this same
subject, arising upon the report of the select com-
mittee of thirty-three. I hope the gentleman will
understand that I am very anxious to have this
bill passed to-night, or else I would not have in-
terfered.
Mr. HILL. The gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia should understand that time is very precious
to the Georgians. [Laughter.]
Mr. CRAWFORD. Mr. Chairman, I desire
to say that, believing as I do, and believing as
the people of the States which have seceded or arc
about to secede do, that their safety depends
upon the withdrawal of the powers they form-
erly gave to this Government, and resuming them
for their protection, it is with that view alone
they have called their conventions. Believing
that you intend to violate our rights, we have
taken this course for the purpose of giving se-
curity and safety to the lives of our citizens and
protection to our property; and while we seek
not to violate your rights, or the rights of the
Government of the United States, we ask you
not, under the flag of the Union, to come for
the purpose of subjugating any portion of the
people of the southern States, and we ask you to
allow them to retire in peace. That is all that we
ask of the North. We ask th^ fair men of the
North, the just men of the North, to allow us
to retire from this Confederacy without doing in-
justice to them. If they desne to make war, we
say they ought to make a declaration of war, and
ought not, under pretense of enforcing the laws
of the United States over territory which has
withdrawn itself from your jurisdiction.and au-
thority, attempt to enslave us. We ask you not,
under pretense that the flag has been stiuck in
some of the southern States and others raised,
that you must calf your men to comc down upon
us to protect the American flag from disgrace and
dishonor, and thus delude the masses of your
countrymen into the beliefthatthey are battling to
sustain the stars and stripes. Under that banner we
won our liberties; and it would bo an unholy using
that it should lead armies to crush and destroy the
rightsai^d liberties achieved undents ample folds.
If you do, I can only say that three million people
once before, upon this continent, declared their
independence amidst the jeers and taunts of those
who felt that it would be but a holiday pleasure
to reduce them to subjection. History proves the
folly of such an attempt. We number eight mil-
lion; we shall declare our independence of this
Government; and if you choose to put us to the
test of maintaining it by arms, then the battle-
shock between our contending forces will be such
as the earth has never seen; the beginning we
can see, the end no mortal man can tell; but what-
soever n be, I prefer it to the vassalage you are
soon to inaugurate lor us and our posterity. The i
Revolution, indeed, was fought in vain for us, if 1
the powers of British rule are only changed to the
eighteen northern States. I would rather see the
broad lands from the Potomac to the Rio Grande
one grand charnel-house, filled with the bones
of brave and gallant men, than submit to such
degradation for one hour. I ask the God of our
fathers to avert this civil strife; but if it come, my
life upon it, we will meet it as patriots ought to
meet the oppressor's march, and drive him back,
or give to the attempt the last blood that flows in
southern breasts.
The C HAIRMAN. The general debate upon
this bill is closed, and the Clerk will read the first
section of the bill.
Mr. QUARLES. I move that the committee
do now rise.
Mr GROW. I hope not. There is not much
courtesy in that arrangement.
Mr. HILL. I desire to ask the House to allow
me to make a few remarks.
The CHAIRMAN. The pending motion is
that the committee rise.
Mr. MAYNARD. I hope my colleague will
withdraw that motion.
Mr. BURCH. I wish to remind the gentleman
from Georgia that an agreement was made in com-
mittee yesterday that this bill should be disposed
of this evening; and I, for one, upon this side of
the House, am willing to carry out that agree-
ment in good faith. The gentleman from Georgia
will have an opportunity on Monday, or on any
day for a week thereafter, to m*ake the remarks
he wishes to present to the House.
Mr. HILL. That may or may not be so: it
depends very much upon circumstances. I ask
only a few minutes.
Mr. LONGNECKER. I object.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will state to
the gentleman from Georgia that debate upon this
bill is closed, and the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania upon the left of the Chair objects to the
gentleman from Georgia proceeding.
Mr. HILL. I trust the gentleman will with-
draw his objection.
Mr. BURNETT. I desire to make an inquiry
of the Chair. When the first section of the bill
is read, will it not be open to amendment and
debate under the five-minutes rule?
The CHAIRMAN. It will be.
Mr. BURNETT. Then, as the gentleman
from Georgia wants to speak but a few minutes,
I hope he will avail himself of that mode of do-
ing it.
Mr. HILL. It will not be very agreeable to
be so confined.
Mr. MORRILL. I move that the gentleman
from Georgia be allowed to proceed for ten min-
utes.
No objection being made, the motion was agreed
to.
Mr. HILL. Mr. Chairman, I beg to assure
the committee, since they have allowed me a few
moments, that it was not my purpose, since I
have not sought the floor before, to say a word
to-day. I have watched with interest the course
of this debate, and it is not my design, in the few
remarks I propose to submit, to animadvert upon
anything which has been said, or to eulogize that
which has been so wisely and so pruJently said
by some who have participated in this debate;
and I would particularize the eloquent gentleman
from the city of Cincinnati, [Mr. Pendleton.]
I was desirous to have an opportunity to answer
the inquiry put by the honorable gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Sherman.] 1 wished to say to him,
when declaring so emphatically that the South,
in its enraged state, would hear no proposition of
conciliation, that he snoke, in my judgment, with-
out authority. I feel assured that he did so, so
far as my own State is concerned; and I believe
it to be true so far as the entire southern States
arc concerned.
Despite the attitude of South Carolina herself,
I believe to-day she is approachable with reason
and words of kindness, and that she will listen
to the voice of conciliation if it came in so gentle
a form as it could be tendered by gentlemen upon
the other side of this House. 1 b^g, 1 invoke it
for her, as my mother, who cherished me in the
early part of my life, and upon whose bosom
sleep my honored parents, and whore dwell to-
day my near kindred; and I ask you to present
to her, far gone a3 you may consider her, the olive
branch. Tender it gracefully; you can afford to
do it, as guardians of this great and powerful Gov-
ernment. South Carolina may bo, and, in my
judgment, she is, extreme in her precipitancy. I
have regretted it; I have remonstrated against it,
and I have implored the people of my own State,
notwithstanding her example, to delay their ac-
tion, and never to follow her~example, until as-
sured that it would meet a hearty and undivided
response from the people of Georgia. Will you,
under these circumstances, urged and entreated
as you are by men who are as much and as faith-
fully attached to the Union of these States as you
yourselves arc, refuse to make this last effort in
behalf of conciliation between these distracted sec-
tions of our common country? I hope not. I hope
the door to conciliation is not yet closed. There
are good men yet from the North in this House.
There are good men yet in the other wing of the
Capitol; and I mistake, if they do not yet send
forth words of love and kindness to soothe an
exasperated people, and thus give quiet to an
afflicted nation. I regret not to find a greater de-
gree of it in my honorable friend from Ohio.
Surely the time has not yet arrived to determine,
as positively as he does, that if there can be no
reconciliation, there must be a resort to the stern
arbitrament of war. Surely he docs not mean
what he says: that there must be an accommoda-
tion or a fight. Not yet—not yet, sir, I would
hope. Let him, let every man who feels that
there is an inevitable result, wait for the accumu-
lated voice of American patriots to come up and
determine this question. I abide that result with
confidence and nope. I trust that the convention
of my own State—which is sitting to-day, and in
which is assembled a large amount of the best
intelligence and the best patriotism of that State—
will give time to the people of the United States to
confess their conservatism, their attachment to
the Union, and their devotion to the interests of
the several States. I believo it will do it; and I
trust, if my State shall resolve to secede in this
the hour of her extremity, as she believes, that
she will make her secession prospective, so as to
afford ample time to intervene, and still save the
great structure under which we live, and which
has blessed us so long.
Sir, I make this appeal. I wish that I had had
time to prepare it in some shape that would be
more worthy the great theme; but I can only
spcalc the outgushmg of my heart when I ap-
peal to every man in this tlall to throw aside
the miserable shackles of party, to rise superior
to the vindictive feelings that may control them,
and to remember, whether they be unionists or
disunionists, that they strike at a mighty people
when they level this blow at the people of Geor-
gia. Let them pause before they do it. A great
and dominant party should not allow itself to be
influenced for a single moment by the wild and
crazy fanatics who form a part of its members,
and who fancy, I believe, like the fly upon the
•wheel, that they direct its motions. 1 know, sir,
that this is .a mistake; and I believe the day is
approaching when justice and prudence shall
guide the American people, and when fanaticism
and ultraism, wliereveritmay show its head, will
be crushed out by the good sense and patriotism
of the nation. God grant that day may be near
at hand ! Can there be a nobler task for the pa-
triot than to forget for the nonce that South Car-
olina may have erred in seizing the Government
forts and arsenal, and that the Governor of my
State may have erred—as I think he did—in
seizing Fort Pulaski? 1 should have been better
content for the great State of Georgia to have
hided her time, and not for him who has assumed
the peculiar guardianship of her defense to have
gone, without authority of her Legislature, or of
her convention, and while she was not even men-
aced, and done this deed.
Georgia, if I understand her people, has no fear
of any other people, and no dread of any Gov-
ernment upon earth. When the time shall come,
if it ever does come, when she shall demand the
allegiance and fidelity of her sons, though I shall
regret in extreme sorrow the necessity, I say to
every one who hears me here to-day, she shall not
have a more faithful and devoted adherent to her
fortunes than 1 shall be, despite my pleadings to
her now to delay her action. Let there be no
mistake upon this head. I go further, and I say
here—and I wish it to be borne in mind, if it is
worth being remembered—that I b'elong not to
