1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1421
ishing the franking privilege, is allowed to slumber
upon your table. Why? Because the franking
privilege is one for the personal benefit of mem-
bers of Congress. It is a great means of enabling
members of Congress to electioneer among their
constituents, and thus contribute to their own per-
sonal advantage; because, to support it, you must
have a vast printing establishment, with binders
and contactors, ana binders and contractors will
contribute money for the support of party. There-
fore the franking privilege can never be abolished
under this present Government. There is no op-
portunity nor hope for any measure of economy,
but the Government seems likely to go on in-
creasing in extravagance, until it breaks down
under the weight of its own corruption—affording
a striking contrast with the economical, sober,
and discreet proceedings of that republican gov-
ernment inaugurated at Montgomery 
[Here the hammer fell.J
The CHAIRMAN stated that all debate on the
pending amendment of the Senate had closed.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was concurred in.
Mr. PHELPS. I will not call for a division
on the amendment, with the understanding that
we shall have a vote by yeas and nays in the
House.
Mr. COLFAX. I have no objection to that.
Tenth amendment:
See. —. And be it further cnacted, That the contractors
on route No. 12578 shall be entitled to their present mail
pay during the neeessary time required to change their stock
from their present route to the central route without per-
foiming the service, and shall be entitled also to two
months' pay 011 their present contiact, as liquidated dam-
ages lor such change of service, if made by them 111 accord-
ance With the terms of the preceding section.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended non-concurrence.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I move to
amend that amendment, by adding as follows:
That the Postmaster General be autlioiized and directed
to setile and pay ail damages in justicc and equity, that any
contractor having an unexpned contract for mad service
over any portion of the central route may sustain in conse-
quence of establishing what is known as the ButterfleJd
service on said loute.
Mr. SHERMAN. I rise to a question of order.
That amendment changes an existing law. The
law fixed the manner in which these contracts are
to be changed. And I raise thp question of order,
also, that the amendment is not germane to the
Senate amendment.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. There is
a contract, but is there any law which this will
affect?
Mr. SHERMAN. The contract itself is a law.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Oh no, that
is a meie quibble. •
Mr. COLFAX. I desire#lso to state that these
contracts expire on the 1st of July next, when
this bill goes into operation.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Is there
such a law ?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is informed
that there is.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I move that the
committee rise m order that I may submit a priv-
ileged report.
The morion was agreed to.
So the committcc rose, and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Burnett reported that
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union had, according to order, had the Union
generally under consideration, and particularly
the amendments of the Senate to the Post Office
appropriation bill, and had come to no resolution
thereon.
CIVIL APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I am instructed to
submit the following report of the committee of
conference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on the civil appropriation bill.
The Clerk read, as follows:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two liuiises, on the amendments to the bill (II. R.
No. 895) ' making appiopiiationsforsnndry civil expenses
of the Government, for the year ending June 30, 1862,"
having mot, alter full and free conference, have agreed to
reconrmend'to their respective Uous.e*, as follows:
That the Senate recede fiom their amendments, num-
beiod foui, nine, twelve, eighteen, twenty-lour, and forty-
two.
That the Ilou^e recede from their disagreement to the
Senate's amendments, numbered eight, eleven, thirteen,
fourteen, twenty-five, twenty six, twenty-eight, twenty-
nine, thirty-one, thirty-two, thirty-three, thirty-iour, thirty-
six, thirty-eight, and thirty-nine.
That the Senate concur in the amendment of the House
to the Senate's twenty-seventh amendment.
That the Senate recede from their dlsagieement to the
House amendment to the thirty-fifth amendment of the
Senate, and concur in said amendment of the House, with
the following amendment: I11 the twelfth, instead of the
fourth line of said Senate amendment, strike out the word
" directed," and insert " authorized."
That the House recede from their disagreement to the
Senate's first amendment, and agree to the same with the
following amendment: Strike out of line third of said
amendment the word il fifty," and insert" thirty."
That the House recede from their disagreement to the
Senate's second amendment, and agree to the same with
the following amendment: In line three of said amendment,
strike out " thirty," and insert " ten."
That the House recede from their disagreement to the
Senate's third amendment, and agree to the same with the
following amendment: In line two of said amendment,
strike out " forty," and insert " twenty."
That the House recede from their disagreement to the
Senate's twentieth amendment, and agree to the same with
the following amendment: In line one of said amendment,
after the words " provided that3" strike out the words,
" the proviso in."
That the House recede from their disagreement to the
Senate's forty-first amendment, and agree to the same with
the following amendment: Stnke out £ll of said amend-
ment after the word " enacted," and insert the following:
"That all purchases and contracts for supplies or services
in any of the departments of the Government, except for
personal services, when the public exigencies do not re-
quire the immediate delivery of the article or articles, or
performance of the service, shall be made by advertising a
sufficient time previously, for proposals respecting the same.
When immediate delivery or performance is required by
the public exigency, the articles or service required maybe
procured by open puiehase or contract, at the places, and
in the manner in which such articles are usually bought
and sold, or such services engaged between individuals.
No contract or purchase shall heieafter be made, unless
the snme be authorized by law, or he under an appropria-
tion adequate to its fulfillment, except in the War and Navy
Departments, for clothing, subsistence, torage, fuel, quar-
ts, or transportation ; which, however, shall not exceed
the necessities of the curtent year. And the third section
of the act entitled 1 An act making appropriations for the
legislative, executive, and judicial expenses of the Govci n-
ment for the year ending June 30, lbfil,' shall he, and the
same is heieby, repealed."
H. WINTER DAVIS,
JOHN S. MILLSON,
J. HUMPHREY.
Managers on the part of the House of Represe)itatives.
J. A. PEARCE,
W. P. FESSExYDEN,
H. M. RICE.
Managers on the •part of the Senate.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. Mr. Speaker, the
substantial points raised in the report are, most
of them, explained by the reading of the report.
With reference to the Coast Survey, the com-
mittee agreed to reduce the appropriations for that
purpose to the extent of §100,000.
The committee agreed that the appropriations
made by the Senate to continue the work upon
the Capitol and the Treasury buildings should
stand as in the Senate amendment; because the
Government is bound by contracts for materials,
which they must comply with; and it is really
cheaper to continue the works than to arrest them,
and be liable to damages or reclamation by the
contractors.
We recommend that the House recede from its
disagreement to the appropriations for the mints
at Philadelphia and San Francisco, the one at
Philadelphia more especially; because ofthegreat
amount of coin imported from Europe, which has
to be recoined here.
We agreed to the proposition of the Senate of
an appropriation to construct a sewer through the
navy-yard at Brooklyn, because there is a con-
tract between the United States and that city, or
rather there was a condition in the cession to the
United States of the navy-yard, that the right of
drainage should be retained by the city of Brook-
lyn, and the United States should pay its propor-
tion of the expanse.
The last point upon which the committee agreed
upon the forty-first amendment arises from these
circumstances: a law was passed at the last ses-
sion providing that certain purchases required to
be made for the public service, should, unless the
exigencies of the public service required other-
wise, be made upon publication. That same
amendment went on to prohibit the United States
from purchasing patented articles. An attempt
was made in the Senate to repeal the latter por-
tion, but by accident the repeal applied to the
former portion of the act. In order to make the
matter plain, we insert, in lieu of the forty-first
amendment in this bill, the portion of the section
which by accident was repealed, and repeal the
letter part of thte law of 1860, which by accident
was not repealed.
I believe that covers the material points in the
report; and I now demand the previous question
on its adoption.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and, under the operation
thereof, the report was adopted.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the report was adopted;
also moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
POST OFFICE APPROPRIATION BILL—AGAIN.
Mr. SHERMAN moved that the rules be sus-
pended, and the Houfee resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Burnett in the chair.)
The CHAIRMAN stated the question to be on
the tenth amendment of the Senate to the Post
Office appropriation bill.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was non-concurred in.
Eleventh amendment:
Sec. 11. And be itfurther enacted, That should the con-
tractors on route J2378fail to accept the above modifica-
tion of their present contract, on 01 before the 25th day of
March, as before stated, then the Postmaster General is
directed to annul said contract, and advertise, for thirty
days, for carrying the mail in the manner herein provided,
the servicc to commence July 1,1861, or n-< soon thereafter
as possible, and to expire July 1,1864, and let the same to
the lowest lesponsible bidder, having due regiud to their
ability to perform the service, and the sum of §1,000,000 is
hereby appropriated out of any money m the Treasury not
not otherwise appropriated, to carry into execution the pro-
visions of so much ot this act as pi ovules lor the establish-
ment of a daily mail on the direct loute : Provided, never-
theless, That the Postmaster General or Congress shall have
power, from time to time, as the same may be deemed ne-
ce«.sary, to alter or modiiy the contiact hereby authorized,
or to put an end to the same entuoly, should the public in-
terest demand a discontinuance of the service, and in either
case, the contractors shall be entitled to receive such rea-
sonable damages as they may sustain because of any such
alteration or annulment of their contract.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended non-concurrence.
Mr. PHELPS. If we discontinue the Butter-
field route, then we will leave the people in what
is called Arizona without any mail service. I
hope that no such injustice will be done to that
people.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am informed by the chair-
man of the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads that there is a mail service in Arizona.
Mr. COLFAX. There is, from Independence
to Santa Fe.
Mr. PHELPS. I am speaking of Arizona.
Mr. COLFAX. Although there are few peo-
ple in Arizona, it has a mail service.
Mr. PHELPS. Silver mining works as well
as military posts are established in Arizona, and
the people there ought to have a mail service.
This will cut off the service they now have.
Mr. OTERO. I do not exactly understand the
state of the question, and would like to under-
stand it. I am informed that it is proposed to
abolish the Eutterneld oveiland mail route. I am
very sorry to see such a disposition on the part
of the House. The gentleman from Indiana, the
chairman of the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads, says there is a mail route established
from Independence to Santa Fe. That is true;
but thatmail route is not in operation, on account
of Indian hostilities. The only way we could
get mails in Arizona or New Mexico during the
entire winter was hy means of the overland mail
route. If you abolish that route, the entire Ter-
ritory ofNewMexico, to say nothingof Aiizona,
will be deprived of all mail facilities. Originally
I was opposed, of course, to the overland route,
over the line upon which it passes; but it has sat-
isfied the people; it has given us mail facilities
better than any other mail we have had, and the
mails have been more regularly carried than by
any other line. Therefore I enter my protest
against the abolition of the route.
The amendment was concurred in.
Twelfth amendment:
Sec. 12. And be it further cnacted, That the above pro-
vision shall not apply to the discontinuance of any lomes
or contracts connectcd with said xoutu—No. 12578; and
