462
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 18,
day,in all human probability—it would be a State.
"We may pay, as was proposed by the Demo-
cratic Administration, §200,000,000 for it, and
we may do so wisely at some period of our his-
tory; can it be possible that the moment we
have acquired Cuba for military purposes, she
will have a right to secede? What would be-
come of our money: What would become of the
military power that we would gain by the pur-
chase. What becomes of the statesmanship of
gentlemen who argue in support of such a doc-
trine ?
[Here the Hammer fell.]
Mr. BURNETT. I hope now that the sugges-
tion of the gentleman from Ohio that we shall
have a vote in the House on this amendment will
be agreed to by unanimous consent.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. 1 do not believe in
so much expenditure of debate here merely to
take the yeas and nays in the House.
Mr. BURNETT. We do not wish to debate
the amendment further. We merely wish to have
a vote upon it in the House.
Mr. CURTIS. I object to that. Let us vote
Upon it here.
Mr. JENKINS. I rise to a question of order.
The committee gave unanimous consent, at the
suggestion of the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means, thata vote should be had upon
this amendment in the House; and the objection
comes too late.
Mr. CURTIS. The gentleman is mistaken. I
objected to the arrangement.
Mr. JENKINS. Not at the time.
Mr. CURTIS. Certainly; I objected at the
time the suggestion was made.
Mr. SHERMAN. Oh, yes; objection was
made.
The question was then taken on the amend-
ment; and it was disagreed to.
Mr.HAMILTON. I ofterthefollowingamend-
ment, as an additional section to the bill;
Srx. 0. Jlnd be it further cnactcrf, Thai the sum of
$l,o30,3L8 06 bo, and the same hereby, appmpi mied out
oi any money in the Treasury not otheiwise appiopnated,
foi the support and maintenance of a regiment or mounted
volunteer t'oi the deleave of the trontier of Texas to he
l.tUed in piiuunnce of an act approved April 1, en-
titled "An act to pi ovule for the 01 ionization of a regiment
ol mounted volunteers lor the defen>o of ihe fiontierof
Texas and to aulhouze the President to call into the ser-
vice of the United States two additional rf-giments of vol-
unteer."
Mr. Chairman, in the brief time allotted to me
under the rules, I wish to call the attention of
members upon both sides of the House to the fact
that this is the identical amendment that was
made by the Senate last session to the appropria-
tion bill for the Military Academy at West Point,
and which was defeated by the action of this
House. My colleague and myself presented then
to the attention of the House the facts which, in
our judgment., entitled Texas to favorable con-
sideration in regard to the proposed expenditure
of public money. I do not propose 011 this occa-
sion to recapitulate what we then said. But I
assuie gentlemen on botli aides of the House, that
every word uttered by us on that occasion was
not only true then, but is equally true to-day.
In fact, there is an increased necessity for it now
on account of the increase of depredations on
our northern frontier. The truth is, that the evil
has gone on so long, and the people have endured
so much, that they have almost ceased to look to
this Government for any additional protection
whatever. This day, and fur the last twelve
months, companies of Texas citizens, at their
own immediate expense—looking, of course, to
their own Government fur remuneration hereafter
-—have been in the saddle, and have been defend-
ing, as best they may, the frontier of that coun-
try.
I am sure that gentlemen 011 this si'da of the
House will do as they did last year—vote gener-
ally for this proposition; and to gentlemen on the
other side of the House 1 have this to say: I
called the attention of the chairman of the Com-
mittee 011 Military Affairs this day to the act of
Congress of 1858, which provided for calling out
tins regiment. By the terms of that act, the
authoi ity to call out the regiment is given to the
President; and he may also, at any time, when in
his judgment it is proper that its existence should
cease, disband it. I say,therefore, to gentlemen
on the other side of the House, that it will be
within the control of the President chosen by their
own party, and certainly they cannot object to
depend upon his judgment and integrity in the
matter if he believes that the condition of the
country requires this regiment to be called into
service, he will order it to be called into service;
otherwise he will not,
Mr. SHERMAN. I will say to the gentleman
from Texas that I have no objection to offer to
his amendment, and hope it will be sustained by
this side of the House.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was agreed to.
Mr. BURNETT. I offer the following amend'
ment as an additional scction to the bill, in the
shape of a proviso:
Provided, That no part of the appropriations made in
this bill shall be used by the Federal Government in mak-
ing war, or in any attempt to subject any State which has
01 may hereafter secede from the United States.
I do not desire to debate the amendment at all;
byt I ask the other side of the House to give us
a vote upon it in the House.
Mr. STANTON. If the gentleman from Ken-
tucky will put his proposition 111 fair and square
terms—that the Army will not be used in the
execution of the laws—we will give him a vote
upon it.
Mr. BURNETT. I put it as I want it—that
no part of the appropriations made by this bill
shall be used for the purpose of making war, or
in any attempt at the subjugation of a State.
Mr. OL1N. I rise to a question of order. The
amendment is out of order, as it changes existing
laws.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
question of order. The amendment only proposes
a limitation on the money appropriated.
Mr. BURNETT. It provides that no part of
it shall be used for the purpose of making war
upon, or in an attempt to subjugate, any of the
States. I do not desire to go into any discussion
of the question; but I want the sense of the House
on the proviso. I want that the country shall
understand, and that we on this side of the House
shall understand, distinctly from gentlemen on the
other side whether it is their purpose to wage war
or not.
Mr. VANDEVER. I rise to a point of order.
This amendment is ahmitation on the war-making
power of the Government; and I do not under-
stand that this House has anything to do with
that power.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
point of order.
Mr VALLANDIGHAM. No other depart-
ment of the Government has anything to do with
declaring war.
Mr. BURNETT. Under the terms of ^'en-
forcing the law," and "the execution of the law,"
gentlemen cover up their purposes to make war.
[Cries of " Oh, no!" from the Republican side
of the House.] It must result in war, gentlemen.
You may blockade the port of Charleston to-
morrow; send down your floating custom-house,
and undertake to collect the revenue, and the first
gun that is fired results in civil war.
A Member on the Republican side. We did
not fire the first gun.
Mr. BURNETT. It must do that. We all
so understand it. I do not want gentlemen, under
the term of " enforcing the law," to slnink from
the announcement of their purpose, which is to
make war. It is nothing else. The mere block-
ading of the port of Charleston is, in my judg-
ment, an act of war. I believe, whether gentle-
men so regard it or not, that the President has
no power to use the Army and Navy of this
country, except as subservient to the civil author-
ity. South Carolina, as has been before remarked
on this floor, has no Federal officers. She has
no Federal judiciary there. None of the powers
in that State recognize the authority of the Fed-
eral Government, or can enforce obcdience to any
of the laws of Congress. And yet you propose
to send an army down there, under the name of
enforcing; laws, to make war upon South Caro-
lina. It is nothing else; and there is not a sensi-
ble man on that side of the Chamber who does
not so understand it. Thar fact, taken in con-
nection with the statement made in his speech
this morning by the chairman of the Committee
of Ways and Means, is pregnant with meaning. \
If that be your purpose, come up like men, and
say so. Do not shrink from it. Do not under-
take to carry on war under a specious pretext of
enforcing law.
Mr. STANTON. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky claims that every attempt to execute the
laws of the country where military force maybe
demanded is of necessity war.
Mr. BURNETT. I occupy no such position
Mr. STANTON. Then I cannot comprehend
your position.
Mr. BURNETT. I am not responsible for
that.
Mr. STANTON. Mr. Chairman, I do not
apprehend that anybody on this side of the House
contemplates making war on any State ofthisCon--
federacy, unless war is first made by that State
on the Federal Government. There is no war
contemplated by this Government, or by any gen-
tleman 011 this side of the House, except a de-
fensive war, for the protection of its executive
ofKcere, and of the men engaged in the discharge
of executive and ministerial duties.
Mr. BURNETT. May I ask the gentleman
from Ohio one question?
Mr. STANTON. Yes, sir. *
Mr. BURNETT. If you do not intend to
make war, why do you object to my amendment ?
Mr. STANTON. Mr,'Chairman, I will tell
the gentleman why. If, in the execution of those
laws, the officer of the law is resisted by a mili-
tary power, by State authority; and if it become
necessary for his protection, and for the discharge
of his duties, that the United States shall defend
itself, protect itself, protect its property, its ar-
senals, its forts, its executive and ministerial
officers; if it becomes necessary to make defens-
ive war, then I suppose the money appropriated
by this act will be used in that war. That is what
I understand.
Mr. JENKINS. I ask the gentleman this
question: whether two Governments, each claim-
ing to be supreme, can carry on government
within the same sphere? [Voices from the Re-
publican side of the Hall, "Not very well," and
laughter.]
Mr. STANTON. JNot very well. That is an
idea that I had myself. But there are some things
settled. There will be no war between these Uni-
ted States and any State, or any number of States
of this Confederacy, unless the aggiession come
from the seceding State or States.
Mr. BURNETT. I want to know precisely
what is intended by gentlemen.
Mr. STANTON. I do not think I can have
been misunderstood.
Mr. BURNETT. Well, to come right to the
point, would you gentlemen hold it to be the duty
of the Federal Government to use the Army and
Navy for the purpose of retaking Fort Sumter?
Mr. STANTON. We are still, thank Gud, in
possession of Fort Sumter, and I understand it to
be the duty of the Government to use the Army
and Navy, if necessary, to protect that fort.
Mr. BURNETT. The gentleman understands,
of course, that it was a mere slip of the tongue.
What I want to ask is, whether you would use
the Army and Navy for the purpose of retaking
Fort Moultrie ? 4
Mr. STANTON. When we come to that, I
will discuss the question with the gentleman. I
was going on to say that the Executive of this
Go vernmenthas certain duties to perform. Among
these is the collection of the revenues. So long
as cities m any of the States are continued ports
of entry, it will be the duty of the Government of
the United States to collect the revenues of such
ships as may enter there, cither at the custom-
house or at such other point in the harbor as the
Government may designate. And if a military
force or any force is employed to prevent the col-
lector from discharging his duties at the custom-
house, orany other appropriate place at the option
of the Government, it is the duty of the Govern-
ment to use the Army and Navy, if necessary, to
protect the collector imthe discharge of his duties.
Now, I presume that no gentleman apprehends
that military force is to be used for the purpose
of protecting the custom-house in Charleston or
New Orleans; but I apprehend that it is intended
that some collector for those ports shall be pro-
tected m the collection of the revenues; and if
military force is used to prevent the collector from
