1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB®.
463
discharging his duties, it will be an act of war,
winch the Goyernment may use the military and
naval forces in repelling.
Mr. DAWES. 1 offer the following amend-
ment to the amendment:
Strike out the amendment, and insert, in lieu thereof, as
follows :
That it is the duty of the President to so use the appro-
priations heroin made as to protect the flag of the country,
and tegain and defend the possession of ihe forts, arsenals,
and other pioperty of the United States.
Mr. SHERMAN. I rise to a point of order.
I think that amendment is out of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides the
amendment to be out of order.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the committee
rise and report the bill to the House.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Wasiiburne, of Illinois,
reported that the Committee of the Whole on the
State of the Union had, according to order, had
the Union generally under consideration, and
particularly the bill of the House making appro-
priations for the support of the Army, for the
vear ending the30th June,1862,and had directed
him to report the same back to the House, with
an amendment, in which he asked the concurrence
of the House.
Mr. SHERMAN moved the previous question
upon the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
mam question ordered to be put.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I ask the unani-
mous consent of the House that a certain bill, re-
ported on adversely by the Committee on Com-
merce, may be referred back to that committee.
No objection being made, the order was given.
JOHN WILSON.
Mr. HUTCHINS, by unanimous consent, re-
ported, from the Committee of Claims, a joint
resolution for the relief of John Wilson; which
was lead a first and second time, referred to a
Committee of the Whole House, and, with the
accompanying report, ordered to be printed.
And then, on motion of Mr. BURNETT, (at
ten minutes to six o'clock, p. m.,) the House
adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Saturday, January 19, 1861.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Gurley.
The Journal of yesterday was read.
Mr. TEN EYCK. I wish to move to correct
the Journal.* I yesterday presented a petition from
citizens of Rockaway, Morris county, New Jer-
sey; and I also presented certain resolutions
passed by a public meeting at Trenton. If I heard
the Journal correctly, it states that the petition
came from citizens of Trenton, and the resolutions
from a public meeting at Rockaway. As the pe-
tition and resolutions refer to separate and distinct
matters, I make a motion that the Journal be cor-
rected in that respect.
The Secretary read the following portion of the
Journal:
Mr. Ten Eyck presented a memorial of citizens of New
Jcisoy, praying that a national convention may be held at
Independence Hall, Philadelphia, on 4th of March next,
to promote the general welfare and restore peace and har-
mony to the country j which was refeired to the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary.
Mr. TeS Eyck presented resolutions adopted by a meet-
ing ol citizens of Rockaway, New Jersey, in relation to the
present disturbed condition of the country.
Ordered, That they lie on the table."
Mr. TEN EYCK. It should be Trenton in-
stead of Rockaway.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Journal will
be so corrected.
The Journal was then approved.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. THOMSON. I present three memorials,
very numerously and most respectably signed by
citizens of the State of New Jersey without re-
gard to past political or party attachments, in
favor of a national convention, to,be* held in In-
dependence Hall, in the city of Philadelphia, to
promote the general welfare, to devise and adopt
such measures as may tend to restore peace and
harmony, and to restore to each State and section
of the Union those rights, privileges, and immu-
nities, to which they are justly entitled. I ask
that these memorials be laid on the table.
The memorials were ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. THOMSON also presented a petition of
soldiers of the war of 1812, dated at freehold,
New Jersey, praying that pensions may be granted
to the surviving soldiers of that.war, and to the
widows of those deceased; which was referred
to the Committee on Pensions.
He also presented resolutions passed at a meet-
ing of citizens at Trenton, New Jersey, held on
the 15th of January, 1861, relative to the disturbed
condition of the country; which were ordered to
lie on the table.
He also presented proceedings of a meeting of
mechanics and workingmen of Newaik, New
Jersey, held on the 9th of January, 1861, iji favor
of the adoption of the compromise measures pro-
posed by Hon. J. J. Crittenden; which were
ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, presented a
petition of citizens of Ashley county, Arkunsas,
praying the confirmation of titles to all lands in
township nineteen, range nine west, that have
been heretofore entered in good faith, and for
which patents have been issued, and certificates
for patents; which was referred to the Committee
on Public Lands. #
Mr. BENJAMIN. I present the petition of
W. C. Jewett,of Pike's Peak, protestingagainst
the passage of a bill for a national railroad com-
pany, on the ground that the Union question is
paramount; and setting forth the injustice of in-
clining a debt of $100,000,000 in the midst of a
revolution, because the road will be of no use if
the Union be broken up.
The petition was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. BIGLER presented a memorial of John
Mini, of Philadelphia, praying an extension of his
patent for the invention of a new mode of burn-
ing lamp-black; which was rcferted to the Com-
mittee on Patents and the Patent Office.
He also presented a petition of citizens of Dan-
ville, Pennsylvania, praying the adoption of Ihe
compromise measures proposed by Hon. J. J.
Crittenden; which was oidered to lie on the
table.
Mr. LATHAM presented a petition of John
Fischer, and others, residents of Anaheim and its
vicinity, m the county of Los Angelos, Califor-
nia, praying the establishment of a post route by
land between the towns of Los Angelos and San
Diego, through the townsofLosNietos, Anaheim,
and San Juan Capistrnno; which was referred to
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. POLK. I am requested by the president
of a meeting held in the city of St. Louis, on the
8th of January, 1861, to present the resolutions
there adopted. If it be proper that such resolutions
should be presented to the Senate, on the request
of the presiding officer of the meeting, I submit
them, and ask that they lie on the table.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolutions
are not in the form of a memorial. The question
was raised the other day in the Senate as to the
propriety of receiving resolutions of public meet-
ings,'and at that time it was decided adversely by
the Senate.
Mr. SEWARD. What are the resolutions?
Mr. POLK. They are resolutions of a meet-
ing held on the state of the Union; and I will
state that they express their willingness to adjust
the difficulties on the basis of the Crittenden com-
promise. That is the substance of them. I will
state, before the Senator from New York pro-
ceeds, that I did not distinctly catch the prece-
dent that was set by the Senate in a case similar
to this the other day, on a presentation of similar
resolutions by the junior Senator from the State
of Kentucky. My impression was that the res-
olutions then presented were received and laid on
the table.
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. President, I was hero in
1850, and the question about receiving proceed-
ings of public meetings was then discussed; and I
think it was settled m this way: that if the pro-
ceedings of the meeting were in favor of the views
of a majority of the Senate, they ought to be re-
ceived; and if they were adverse, they ought not
to be received. I think that has been the law of
the Senate; but as it is riot yet ascertained, the
motion for reconsideration lying on the table,
that these views agree with those of a majority of
the Senate, 1 am inclined to think the best way
is to continue the old practice, and receive the
proceedings of all respectable public assemblies,
and lay them upon the table, or give ihem a ref-
erence, as may be thought proper* I hope tha£
will be done now. It is something for men to
petition, and very proper that they should be
heard.
Mr. POLK. I will state, in reference to one <
adjective the Senator used in regard to this meet*
ing, that 1 am satisfied it was one of the largest
that has ever been holden in the State of Mis-
souri. It was held in the city of St. Louis, where
there is a population of upwards of one hundred
and sixty thousand, and held in the day time,
when the men who attended had to make some
sacrifice ifi order to do so. As to their respecta-
bility, 1 can say, that the officers of the meeting,
who are personally known to me, are gentlemen
of the highest respectability in the community,
and as respectable as can be found anywhere.
Mr. SEWARD. I hope they will be received*
Mr. HALE. I do not like to let this thing go
in this way, because my recollection is entirely
differentfrom thatof theSenatorfrom New York*
I was here in 1850, and I have been here when
such resolutions have been presented, and the
ground has been taken over and over again, that
it was not proper for the Senate to lumber its files
with the proceedingsof meetingsall over the coun-
try, that were not addressed to the Senate, what-
ever might be their character. I took exception
the other day to those presented by the honora-
ble Senator from Kentucky, and the Senate re-
fused to receive them, not from any want of cour-
tesy or respect to the meeting or the members of
it, or the sentiments expressed; but because the
files of the Senate are not the proper place where
the reports of meetings all over the country should
be piled up.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Shall the resolu-
tions be received, and lie on the table?
The question was decided in the negative.
WEST POINT ACADEMY.
Mr. FOOT. I ask leave to introduce a bill for
the reorganization of the United States Military-
.Academy at West Point. I will state that this
bill has been prepared by the West Point Com-
mission instituted at the last session of Congress.
I ask that it have its first and second reading, be
printed,and go upon the Calendar. After it shall
have been printed, if any member of the Senate
desires its reference to the Committee on Military,
Affairs, I shall interpose no objection.
Leave was granted; and the bill (S. No. 540)
for the reorganization of the United States Mili-
tary Academy at West Point, was read twice by
its title.
Mr. MASON. I take it for granted that bill
should go to a committee. It is one of great im-
portance.
Mr. FOOT. I stated that after it shall have
been printed, I shall have no objection to that.
The bill was ordered to be printed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Vermont moves that the bill be placed on the
Calendar.
Mr. FOOT. For the time being; bat after it
shall have been printed, it can be referred, if that
be desired.
Mr. MASON. A bill on the Calendar is for
consideration. I see no reason why it should not
go to the committee at once. I have no doubt the
Senator would be willing to do what he says;
but if it be placed on the Calendar, the fact that
it has not been referred may escape observation.
It is very common to move to refer and print at
the same time. Let it be printed and referred.
Mr. FOOT. I will not resist.
Mr, MASON. I move its reference to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and Militia.
The motion was agreed to.
GUN BOATS.
Mr. GRIMES. 1 desire to offer a resolution,
to which I presume there will be no objection;
and I therefore ask for its immediate considera-
tion:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy be, and he is
hereby, directed to furnish to the Senate a detailed estimate
of the expense of building and equipping a steel or iron
eased gun-boat of the capacity and armament of the United
States gun-boat Iroquois.
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded
to consider the resolution.
Mr. BIGLER. I suggest to the Senator from
Iowa to put the resolution in the usual form—to
" request," instead of" direct."
