1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1423
Mom-son Ilatris, John T. liains, Ilatton. William Howard,
Iltidies, ivmikel. Larrabee, James- M. Lieaclu Leake. Mal-
, Ioty> Chains D. Matim. Elbert S. Martin, Maynard^ JYlc-
Kemy, Mill-on, Labau T. Moore, Nelson. Niblaek, Pen-
dleton, Peyton, Phelp?, Pryor, Uuailos, Riggs, James O.
Ilobnifaon, Sumns, William N. II. Smith, James A. Stew-
art, Stoker, Thomas, Vallandigham, Vance, Webster,
Whiteley, VVmslow, Woodson, and Wright—62.
So (two thirds not voting in favor thereof) the
rules were not suspended.
During: the vote,
Mr. FERRY stated that Mr. Burnham was
detained from the House by sickness.
Mr. CURTIS stated that he was paired with
Mr. Anderson, of Missouri, who was absent on
account of sickness in his family; otherwise he
should have voted " ay."
Mr. ENGLISH stated that he was paired with
Mr. Case; otherwise he should have voted in the
negative.
Mr. BLAIR asked leave to vote.
Objection was made.
Messrs. BOTELER, LOGAN, AVERY, and
HINDMAN, (notbemg within the bar when their
names were called,) asked leave to vote.
Objection was made.
Eacli of them said he would have voted in the
negative.
Mr. WILSON said: I was paired off till three
o'clock, with Mr. Morris, of Illinois. It is now
past that time, and as my vote cannot affect the
result, 1 vote " ay."
The result was announced as above recorded.
CAPTAIN WILLIAM L. HUDSON.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I ask unanimous
consent to have taken from the Speaker's table
joint resolution (No. 865) authorizing Captain
William L. Hudson, of the United States Navy,
to accept a diamond brooch for his wife, presented
to him by the Emperor of Russia.
There being no objection, the joint resolution
received its several readings, and was passed.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE moved to reconsider
the vote by which the joint resolution was passed;
and also moved to lay the motion to reconsider
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CENSURE ON SECRETARY OP TIIE NAVY.
Mr. DAWES. I report back from the select
committee of five a resolution, on which i demand
the previous question.
Mr. HINDMAN. Has the gentleman from
Massachusetts a right to make this repoit?
The SPEAKER j/ro tempore t (Mt.Washburne,
of Illinois, in the chair.) Under the resolution
constituting the committee, the gentleman has a
right to report at any time.
Mr. WINSLOW. Has he a right, this being
private bill day ?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair does
not think that makes any difference.  
REGENTS OF SMITHSONIAN INSTITUTION.
Mr. STANTON. I hope the gentleman from
Massachusetts will permit me to have taken from
the Speaker's table joint resolution S. No. 64,
for the appointment of regents of the Smithsonian
Institution.
There being no objection, the resolution re-
ceived its several readings, and was passed.
Mr. STANTON moved to leconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CENSURE ON TIIE SECRETARY OF THE NAVY.
Mr. DAWES. I move the previous question
on the resolution which I have repotted.
Mr. BRANCH. I hope I will be allowed to
make an observation or two.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Resoh cd, That the Secretary of the Navy, in accepting
without delay or inquny the i cognations ofoffioeis of the
Navy who were m aims against the Government when
tendering the ^nme, and of thoe>e who sought to resign that
they mignt he relieved from the restraint imposed upon
them by their commissions on engaging in hostility to the
constituted authouties of the nation, has commuted a grave
eriot. highly ptejudicial to the discipline of the service and
injoiioit- to the honor and efficiency of the Navy; for
which he deserve- the een-ure of this llouse.
Mr. BRANCH I ask the gentleman from
Massachusetts whethei the report has been
pi nited, and is within the reach of members of
the House ?
Mr. SICKLES. I call for the reading of the
paper on which the report is founded.
Mr. BRANCH. Will the gentleman from
Massachusetts allow me to make a remark?
Mr. DAWES. I insist on the previous ques-
tion,
Mr. BRANCH. I will not consume three min-
utes. I ask it as a matter of justice to a citizen
of this Government, to say nothing of his holding
high office. &
Mr. DAWES. If there could be any particle
of disagreement about the testimony, I would give
way; but we had it before us in the handwriting
of the Secretary of the Navy over his own sig-
nature.
Mr. BRANCH. I ask the gentleman from
Massachusetts whether even the statement of the
Secretary is in print? I understand that it has
not been printed.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman
from Massachusetts declines to withdraw the de-
mand for the previous question; and no debate is
therefore in order.
Mr. BRANCH. I must, of course, submit to
the rules of the House; but I desire to say that
there is not «ne word of testimony going to show
that the Secretary of the Navy has accepted the
resignation of any officer in arms against the Gov-
ernment. [Cries of " Order!"]
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Debate is not in
order.
Mr. BRANCH. I move to lay the resolution
on the table.
Mr. SICKLES. I demand the yeas and nays
upon that question.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 57, nays 96; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adrain, William C. Anderson, Avery,
Barret, Boteler, Branch, Bristow, Brown, Burch, Burnett,
Horace F Clark, John B. Clark, Clemens, John Cochrane,
James Ciaig, John (5. Davis, De Jarnette, Eduiundson,
English, Florence, Garnett, Hamilton, John T. Hairis,
tlatton, Il<>hnan, William [lownid, Hughes, Ivilgore, Kun-
kel, James M. Leach, Leake, Logan, Charles D. Martin,
McKenty, Millson, LabanT. Mooie, Nelson, Niblack. Pen-
dletun, Pi) ton, Phelps, Pryor, Uu.irles, Utggs, Ruflin,
Sickle*, Simms, William N II. Smith, Stevenson, James
A. Stewart, Stoke-,Thomas, Vance, Whiteley, WinsJow,
Woodson, and VVnght—57.
NAYS—Messrs. Aldiich, Alley, A>hley, Beale, Bing-
ham, Blair, Blake, Brabson, Brayton, Briggs, Buffinton,
Burhngame, Campbell, Carey, Carter, Case, Coburn, Col-
f.ix, Conway, Covode, II. Winter Da'vis_Dawes, Delano,
Duel!, Dunn, Edgerton, Edwards, Eliot, EIv, Farn&worth,
Fenton, Fostei, French, Gooeh,Grow, Gurfey. Hale, Hall,
Haskin, llelmick, Hickman, William A. Howard, Hum-
phrey, IJutchiiH. Irvine, Fianeis W. Kellogg, William Kel-
logg, Kenyon, Killinger, DeWitt C. Leach, Lee, Lovejoy,
Marston, Elbert S. Martin, McKcan, McKniglit, JVlcPhcr-
son, MiUward, Montgomery, Moorliead, Morrill, Edward
Joy Morris, Nixon, Ohn, Palmer, Perry, Pettit, Porter,
Pottle, Edwin R. Reynolds, Rice, Christopher Robinson,
Royce, Sedgwick, Somes, Spaulding, Spinner, Stanton,
William Stewait, fitratton, Tappan, Thayer, Tompkins,
Tiain, Trimble, Vandever, Verree, VVade, Waldron, Wal-
ton, Cadwalader C. Wa-hbum, Eliihu B. Wa&hburne,
Wells, Wimloin, Wood, and Woodruff-—96.
So the House refused to lay the motion on the
table.
During the cull of the roll,
Mr. SICKLES said: I ask the gentleman from
Massachusetts to allow the papers to be read
upon which the report is founded.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. There is no de-
bate in order.
Mr. CURTIS stated that he had paired off with
Mr. Anderson, of Missouri, upon all political
questions. He should, otherwise, vote " ay"
upon this motion.
Mr. FERRY. I have not sufficient evidence
with tegard to the Secretary to be willing to vote
to censure him by this House. With my pres-
ent information, therefore, I shall decline voting.
Mr. MAYNARD. We have not the facts be-
fore us to show whether this officer ought to he
censured or not; and I therefore decline to vote.
Mr. SICKLES. Censure without evidence
of fault disgraces only those who pronounce it.
[Cries of" Order!"]
Mr. CLARK, of New York. Owing to the
impracticability of giving this subject a fair con-
sideration, I vote " ay."
The vote was announced as above recorded.
MESSAGE FROM TIIE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Patton, one of their cleiks, notifying the i
House that the Senate insist upon their amend- !
ment, disagreed to by the House, to the bill for j
the construction of a military road in the Terri-
tory of New Mexico, and have agreed to appoint
a committee of conference upon the said amend-
ment.
CENSURE OF THE SECRETARY OF TIIE NAVY.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question
now recurs upon seconding the demand for tho
previous question.
Mr. BRANCH. Mr. Speaker, I am a member
of the select committee which reported*this reso-
lution; and, inasmuch as the testimony has not
been printed, and inasmuch as a member of the
committee states that the facts in evidence before
the committee prove the allegations of the reso-
lution, 1 ask the gentleman from Massachusetts
to allow the report of the majority and minority
to be read; or if he will not consent to that, I ask
him to allow the paper from the Secretary, to
which he has referred, to be read.
Mr. DAWES. I have no objection to the re-
port of the majority and minority, together with
the statement of the chief clerk of the Depart-
ment, and the testimony of the Secretary himself,
being read, if the gentleman desires it.
Mr. BRANCH. That is what I desire.
Mr. DAWES. But there can be no dispute be-
tween the centleman and myself about the facts.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Does the gentle-
man from Massachusetts withdraw the demand
for the previous question ?
Mr. DAWES. I do not.
Mr. BRANCH. I should be glad, inasmuch
as I am a member of that committee, to be heard
in reference to this resolution. I understand that
the gentleman consents to have the papers referred
to read.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman
from North Carolina must understand that the
only question before the House is on the demand
for the previous question.
Mr. DAWES. I want the gentleman from •
North Carolina to understand that I have no ob-
jection whatever touny of these papers being read.
It is only because of ihe impatience of the House
that I demanded the previous question.
Mr. BRANCH. The gentleman must be aware
thatunanimous consent cannot be obtained at any
time to have anything read. 1 appeal to him to
withdraw the demand for the previous question.
Otherwise it results in a refusal on his part to
have the papers read.
Mr. WINSLOW. If the gentleman will not
withdraw the demand for the previous question,
1 ask that by common consent those papers may-
be printed in the Globe.
Mr. BRANCH. It will be too late to read the
evidence after the members of the House have
censured a high officer of the Government most
unjustly.
Mr. DAWES. They were printed m the Globe
a week ago.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. By unanimous
consent, they will be considered as read, and will
be printed in the Globe.
Mr. DAWES. I repeat, that they were printed
in the Globe a week ago.
Mr. BRANCH. Only the reports were printed.
No evidence or papers have been published at all.
Mr. WINSLOW. Let me ask the gentleman
from Massachusetts if the Secretary of the Navy
has the right to accept the resignation of any offi-
cer of this Government at all?
Mr. DAWES. Most certainly he has; and this
House has the right to pass judgment upon his
conduct in accepting resignations under the cir-
cumstances which are stated in this resolution.
Mr. WINSLOW. I deny the power.
Mr. DAWES. I have too much respect for
the flag of my country to allow such conduct to
pass unnoticed. [Cries of" Order!"]
Mr. BRANCH. I assert that the Secretary of
the Navy has accepted the resignation of no offi-
eci who was in arms against the Government of
the United States. [Cries of" Order!"]
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I call for a divis-
ion of the question.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair thinks
the resolution is not susceptible of a division.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. That part of the
resolution which provides a censure on the Sec-
retary of the Na\y is an independent proposi-
tion; and I ask that it may be so divided.
Tho SPEAKERjiro tempore. The Chair thmka
