1424
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2.
the resolution is not susceptible of <1 division, and
so dceides. .
The question was taken on the adoption of the
resolution; and it was decided in the affirmative—
yeas 95, nays 62; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Charles f. Adams, Aldrich, Alley, Ash-
ley,Bealo, Bingham,Blair,Blake,Brayton, Buffinton, Bur-
lin"iime, Butterfield, Campbell, Carey, Carter, Case, Co-
bum, Colfax, Conway, Covode, H. Winter Davis, Dawes,
Delano, Duell, Edgerjon, Edwards, Eliot, Ely, Farnsworth,
Fcnton, French,Gooeh, Grow, Gurley, Hale, Haskin, Hel-
mick, William A. Howard, Humphrey, Hutehins, Irvine,
Junkm, Francis W. Kellogg, William Kellogg, Kenyon,
DeWitt V. Leach, Lee, Longneckcr, Lovejoy, Mansion,
McKean, McKnight, McPherson, Millward, Monrliead,
Morrill, Edward Joy Mori is, Isaac N. Morris, Nixon, Olm,
Palmer, Perry, Pettit, Potter, Pottle, Edwin R. Reynolds,
Tvice, Christopher Robinson, Iloyce, Sedgwick* Sherman,
Somes, Spaulding, Spinner, Stanton, Stevens, William
Stewart, Stratton, Tompkm*, Tiain, Trimble, Vandever,
Van VVyck, Verree, Wade,Waldron, Walton, Uuhvalader
C. Washbuin, Ellihn B. Washburne, Wells, Wilson, Win-
dom, Wood, and Woodruff—95.
NAYS —Messrs. Adrain, William C. Anderson, Barr,
Barret, Boteler, Drabson, Branch, Brown, Bureh,Burnett,
John B. Claik, Clemens, John Cochrane, Cox, James Craig,
Burton Craige, John G.Davis, De Jarnette, English, Ferry,
Florence, Fouke,Garnctt, Hamilton, John T. Harris, lint-
ton, Hmdman, Hoiman, William Howard, Hughes, Ktl-
core, Ktinkel, Larrabee, James M. Leach, Ueake, Charles
I). Martin, McKenty, Millson, Montgomery, Nelson, Nib-
lack, Pendleton, Peyton, Phelps, Piyor, Cluarles, Rig?'?,
James C. Robinson, Ituliin, Sickles, Simms, William N.
II. Smith, Stevenson, James A. Stewart, Stokes,Thomas,
Vallandigham, Vance, Whueley, Winslow, Woodson, and
Wright—6*2.
So the resolution was adopted.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. FLORENCE said: I do not propose to
stab a man in the dark; and I therefore vote "no."
Mr. CURTIS said he was paired with Mr.
Anderson, of Missouri, upon all political ques-
tions, otherwise he should vote " no."
Mr. MAYNARD said he had paired with Mr.
Foster.
Mr. FERRY. Mr. Speaker, believing a vote
of censure to be a judicial infliction of punish-
* ment, and none of the evidence on which the res-
olution is based having ever been printed or even
read in this House, so that no proof is afforded me
to justify such punishment, and adhering: to the
principles of the common law that a man is to be
  presumed innocent till Ins guilt is proved, I vote
"no."
Mr. DAWES. It has been printed in the
Globe.
Mr. FERRY. Not the evidence.
Mr. CONKXIJNG. 1 was not within the bar
when my nuine was called, but there are so many
people who are censurable and so few censured,
in these times, I would like to vote to censure
somebody. I ask permission to vote.
Objection was made.
message from the senate.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Patton, one of its clerks, informing the
House that the President of the United States had
notified the Senate that he had approved and
signed sundry hills.
Also, that the Senate had passed without amend-
ment the bill of the House fixing the value of the
new silver florin of Austria.
Also, that the Senate had ordered certain doc-
uments to be printed.
Mr. "WINSLOW. Mr. Speaker, I have had
four years of official intercourse with Secretary
Toucey. I believe him to be a gentleman of in-
corruptible integrity. Called upon to vote upon
resolutions of censure against him, without the
evidence befoie me, the only service I can render
my friend in what I consider a persecution of him,
is to declare my opinion, hero in my place, of the
unspotted integrity of his character, and the injus-
tice of the pioposed censuie, [Cries of" Order!"]
Mr. KILGOllE. 1 am not allowed to see the
evidence; and therefore vote "no."
The vote was announced as above recorded.
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider belaid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
enrolled bills.
Mr. THEAKER, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that they had examined and
found truly enrolled a bill (H. R. No. 971) mak-
ing appropriations for the service of the Post
Office Department during the fiscal year ending
the 30th of June, 1865; when the Speaker signed
the same.
Mr. RIGGS, from the same committee, reported
that they had examined and found truly enrolled
bills of the following titles; when the Speaker
signed the same:
A bill (S. No. 270) for the relief of John H.
Wheeler;
A bill (H. R. No. 1007) declaring the value of
the new silver florin of Austria;
A bill (S. No. 501) for the relief of Henry
Rice; and
A bill (S. No. 149) making appropriations to
supply a deficiency in the appropriations for the
completion of the geological survey of Oregon
and Washington Territories.
VOTE OP THANKS TO TIIE SPEAKER.
Mr. PHELPS, (Mr. Branch occupying the
chair as Speaker pro tempore.) I submit the fol-
lowing resolution:
Resolved, That the thanks of this House are due, and
are heieby pieaented,to Hon. William Pennington, the
Speaker thereof, for the faithful, courteous, and impartial
administration of his duties during the present Congress.
Mr. RUFFIN. 1 hope that we will be heard
on that question.
Mr. PHELPS. I have the floor, and I demand
the previous question.
Mr. RUFFIN. I for one, as a member of this
House, will not vote in favor of any such resolu-
tion.
Mr. MAYNARD. As the value of such a tes-
timonial depends chiefly, if not entirely, upon
the individual expression of the members, and in
accordance with what I believe the usage in such
cases, I move a call of the yeas and nays.
Mr. RUFFIN. 1 object to the reception of the
resolution.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair de-
cides the question to be one of privilege.
Mr. RUFFIN. I am sorry that debate is cut
off on a resolution of this kinu.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. I hope that
we will have the yeas and nays on the adoption
of the resolution.
The previous question was seconded; and the
main question was ordered.
The yeas and nays were not ordered, only ten
rising in the affirmative.
Mr. MAYNARD. I shall support this reso-
lution; and desired an opportunity to record my
name on the Journal in its favor. Hut as the
political friends of the Speaker do not appear to
be of the same way of thinking, and are not sus-
taining the call for the yeas and nays, I ask leave
to withdraw it.
The resolution was then adopted.
Mr. PIIELPS moved to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution was passed; and also moved
that the motion to leconsider be laid upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
All my appropriation 1ull.
Mr. MORRILL. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. I am mstuicted by the committee of con-
ference to submit a report on the disagreeing votes
between the two Houses on the Army appropria-
tion bill. It is brief; and m a few words 1 will
explain it to the House, and thus save the neces-
sity of reading it. The Senate recede from its
amendments, numbered two, three, four,five, six,
and thirty-seven. The first are in relation to the
back rents in California and Texas. Tiie last is
in relation to the transfer of the Indian bureau
from the Interior to the War Department. The
House is recommended to recede from its disa-
greement to amendments of the Senate from seven
to twenty-seven inclusive. Those are the amend-
ments making appropriations for the several for-
tifications m the country. Concurrence is recom-
mended in the thirtieth amendment of the Senate,
with an amendment. After the appropriation of
$50,000 for the erection of a military post upon
the Red River of the North, it is proposed to in-
sert the words, "or so much thereof as may be
deemed necessary by the Secretary of War."
Those are the substantial recommendations of the
committee. I move that the report be adopted;
and on that motion I demand the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under the operation
thereof, the report was adopted.
Mr. MORRILL moved to reconsider the vote
by which the report was adopted; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
speaker's table.
Mr. PHELPS. I move, by unanimous con-
sent, that the House proceed to the consideration
of the business upon the Speaker's table, so far
as to take up and act upon those House bills which
have been returned from the Senate With amend-
ments.
fhere was no objection,and it was soordered.
iowa land titles.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Theseveral bills
and resolutions will be taken from the Speaker's
table in their order. The first is House bill No.
70, to quit title to lands in the State of Iowa.
Amendment of the Senate:
Insert: "and which is now held by bona fide purchasers
under the State of Iowa;" so that the bill will read :
Thatall title winch the United States still letain in the
tracts of land along the Dos Moines river, and above the
mouth of the Raccoon fork thereof, in the State of Iowa,
which have been heretofore certified to said State improp-
erly, by the Department of the Inteuoi, a  part of the grant
by act ot C'ongiess approved August 8, 1846, and which is
now held by bona fide purchaseis under the State of Iowa,
be, and the same is heieby, relinquished to the State of
Iowa.
The amendment was concurred in.
CHIPPEWA AND other INDIANS.
An act (H. R. No. 84) for the relief of certain
Chippewa, Ottawa, and Pottawatomie Indians.
Amendments of the Senate:
Stnke out the woid "pay,'1 and in lieu theieof insert
"examine and report to Congiess at the next session what
amount, if any, is due."
After the woid v' Michigan," strike out" and who were
parties to the ticaties made at Chicago on the 26th and 27tli
days ot Scptembei, 1833, between the United States and
said united nation of Indians, or to their descendant?, their
full proportion per capita of all flie sums of money agreed to
be paid by the United State1? to the said united nation of
Indians by," and in lieu thereof insert " under and by vir-
tue of."
After the word "thirty-three," strike out "and," and
insert " with said Indian* and under tiie treaty."
Strike out " Pro tided. That, upon examination, it shall
appear that said mone>s are still in the Tieabury of the
United States for, or have been paid out to, the Pottawato-
mie nation aforesaid ; wheieupon the aforesaid payments
shall be made out ot the moneys belonging or accruing to
the Pottawatomie nation mores-aid," and in lieu thereof
insert "and the Secretitty of the interior is furthermore
hereby authorized and dnected to ascertain and leportat
the same tune whether any money or piopert} hcietulore
payable is due to '-•aid Pottawatomie nation, under and by
virtue of the tieatj of October *26, 1832, or other treaties,
which has not been appropriated and paid, and it any, what
amount."
The bill, as amended, will read as follows:
That the Seeretaiy of the Interioi be, and he is, hereby,
authorized and directed to examine and repoit to Congress
at its next session, what amount, it any, is due to the Chip-
pewa, Ottawa, and Pottawatomie Indians,now residing m
the State of Michigan, undei and by vutiif of the treaties
of July 29,1829, the 26th of September, 1633, and the arti-
cles supplementary thereto, ot September 27, 1S33, and of
the 5th and 17tli of June, 1846, with the Pottawatomie
nation of Indians ; and the Secretary ot the Interior is fur-
thermoie heieby authonzcd, &c.
The amendments were concurred in.
katiierine k. russell.
A bill (H. R. No. 537) for the relief of Kath-
erine K. Russell.
Amendments of the Senate:
Strike out " 19th day of September, 1849," and in lieu
thereof insert " 1st day of January, 1855 and strike out
*k natural life," and in lieu theieof m&eit" widowhood;"
so that the bill will read :
That the Secretary of the Interior be, and he is hereby,
directed to pay to said Katherinc l\. Russell the sum of
twenty-five dollars per month ; and this Mim to commence
and to be computed from and alter the 1st day of January,
1853, and the same to continue during her widowhood.
The amendments were concurred in.
eliza m. plympton.
A bill (H. R. No. 923) granting a pension to
Eliza M. Plympton.
Amendmentx>f the Senate:
Stnke out " fifty,and in lieu thereof insert "thirty;"
so that the bill will read :
That the Seeietary of the Interior be directed to place
the name of Eliza M Plympton, widow of the late Colonel
Joseph Plympton, of the United States Auny, on the pen-
sion loll, at the rate of thnty dollars a month, iiora the 5th
day of June, 1860, for and d'uiing her natural lite.
The amendment was concurred in.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair now
presents House bills with Senate amendments.
commodore ii. pauld1kg.
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 59) authorizing
