THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Sixth Congress, 2d SessioIt.
FRIDAY, MARCH 8, 1861.
New Series No. 90.
Commodore H. Paulding to receive a sword and
a grant of land awarded to him by the Republic
Nicaragua.
The bill authorizes Commodore H.Paulding, of
the United States Navy, to accept the grant of
land and the sword presented to him by the Re-
public of Nicaragua.
The Senate amendment was to strike out after
the word accept" the words " the grant of land
and" and also to change the title so as to make
it read: "A joint resolution authorizing Com-
modore H. Paulding, of the United States Navy,
to receive a sword awarded to him by the Repub-
lic of Nicaragua."
The amendments were concurred in.
ARSENAL AT ST. LOUIS.^
A bill (H. R. No. 132) to remove the United
States arsenal from the city of St. Louis, and to
establish the same, together with a national arm-
ory, at Jefferson Barracks.
Senate amendments:
Strike out" Sec. 2. *dnd beit further enacted, That, out
of the proceeds of such sale, he shall cause to be crectcd an
arsenal and a national armory on the mil itary reserve known
as Jefferson Barracks, in the county of St. Louis and State
of Missouri, and shall cause all tools, implements, ma-
chinery, &e., used af the St. Louis arsenal, to be removed
to said reservation, and there to be elected such buildings,
shops, and machinery as may be deemed necessary for the
safe-keeping and manufacture of arms and munitions of the
United States and insert in lieu thereof the following:
Sec. 2. Be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,
That the Secretary of War be, and he hereby is, author-
ized to cause the business heretofore carried on at said St
Louis arsenal to be transferred to the military reservation
known as Jefferson Barracks, in the county of St. Louis
and State of Missouri, and also to cause all the tools, imple-
ments, machinery, and mateiials now at said arsenal to be
removed to said reservation.
Stake out of the title all after the worite " St. Louis,*'
and insert, "and to provide for the sale ot the landd on
which the same is located."
The amendments were concurred in.
DISTRIBUTION OF PUBLIC DOCUMENTS.
A bill (H. R. No. 6G5) to amend an act ap-
proved February 5, 1859, entitled " An act pro-
viding for keeping and distributing all public
documents, and for other purposes."
Senate amendments:
Page 2, line foui, after the word " distribution," add the
following:
And provided further. That, in futuie, the public docu-
ments to be distributed by the Secietaryof the Intel ior
shall be sent to the institutions already designated, unless
he shall be satisfied that any such institution is no longer .i
suitnhle depository of the same.
Page 4, after section seven, add the following new sec-
tion :
Sec. 8. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the number of
pamphlet laws directed to bo placed in the library of Con
gress by the act of the 20th of April, 1818, and of the Stat-
utes at Large, published by Little & Brown, directed to be
placed in the said hbraiy by the act of 8th August, 1846,
shall be distributed by the Secrctaiy of the Interior agree-
ably to the piovisions of the eleventh section of the act of
5th February, 1859, excepting twelve copies to be sent to
the library of Congress for the use of the Supromv Court
"during its sessions, and two copies for use m said library.
Change section eight to section nine.
The amendments were concurred in.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. RIGGS-, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported as truly enrolled an act (S. No.
562) to provide a temporary government for the
Territory of Dakota, and to create the office of
surveyor general therein; and an act(S. No.563)
to organize the Territory of Nevada; when the
Speaker signed the same.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair now
piesents to the House certain Senate bills.
LESLIE COOMBS; J3T AL.
A bill (S. No. 568) for the relief of Leslie
Coombs and Robert li. Crittenden, sureties of
the late A. J. Mitchell, purser in the United States
Navy.
The bill was read a first and second time, and
oi rk'ird to he rend o third time; and it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. SIMMS moved to reconsider the vote by i
v/hK'h the bill was passed; and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
90
GEORGE II. MORGAN.
Mr. GILMER. I rise to a question of privilege.
I am directed by the Committee of Elections to
present a resolution to the House, and ask that it
be put upon its passage.
Mr. PHELPS. I hope the gentleman from
North Carolina will withhold his resolution until
we havedisoosedof these bills upon the Speaker's
tabic.
Mr. GILMER. I cannot. I desire to make
a brief explanation; and then, after the resolu-
tion is read, the House can do with it what they
deem just and right.
In 1859, the people of Colorado, then Pike's
Peak, formally and peacefully organized a pro-
visional government. They elected George H.
Morgan a Delegate to Congress to urge the pas-
sage of an organic act for that Territory. He has
been here during this session of Congress, acting
in that capacity.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair would
state to the gentleman from North Carolina that
it must be a question of very high privilege, in-
deed, to supersede the order under which the
House is now acting.
Mr. GILMER, lask that the resolution may
be read.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Resolved, That George H. Morgan, informally elected
Delegate from Colorado, who has been attending, during
this session of tlio Thirty-Sixth Congress, to tile business
of said Territoiy, be paid out of the contingent fund of the
House tiie sum of $1,000, m full satisfaction of all his ser-
vices as agent or quasi Delegate from said Territory.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair de-
cides that this is not a privileged question, and
can only be presented by unanimous consent.
Mr. PRYOR. I object.
THOMAS J. PAGE.
The next bill presented from the Speaker's table
was a bill (S. No. 459) for the relief of Com-
mander Thomas J. Page, United States Navy.
The bill, which was read, directs the proper ac-
counting officers of the Treasury to allow Com-
mander Thomas J. Page, of the United States
Navy, in the adjustment of his accounts as purser
of the United States steamer Water Witch, credit
for certain suspended items cf his accounts, not to
exceed the sum of §354 46.
The bill was read a first and second time, and
ordered to be read a third time; and it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
SCHOONER PERSEVERANCE.
A bill (S. No. 524) authorizing the Secretary
of the Treasury to issue a register to the schooner
Perseverance, o f Ogdensburg, State ofNcwYork.
The bill was read a first and second time, and
ordered to be read a third time; and it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
DANIEL B. HIBBARD.
A bill (S. No. 5G1) for the relief of Daniel B.
Hibbard.
The bill, which was road, directs the Postmaster
General of the United States to pay, out of any
moneys in the Treasury not otherwise appropri-
ated, to Daniel B. Hibbard, the sum of $830, in
full compensation for his services ill transporting
the United States mail between the villages of
St. John's and Lyons, in the State of Michigan,
under his agreement with the deputy postmaster
at St. John's.
The bill was read a first and second time, and
ordered to bo read a third tini'1; and it was accoid-
mgly read the third time, and passed.
ELIZA B. MILLS.
A bill (S. No. 490) for the relief of Eliza B.
Mills, widow of Robert Mills.
The bill, which was read, directs that there be
paid, out of any money in the Treasury not oth-
erwise appropriated, to Eiizia B. Mills, widow of
Robert Mills, the sum of £500, in payment for
services of RobertMills asarcliHect in preparing
and furnishing plans and estimates for a marine
hospital at New Orleans, and a public printing
office m the city of Washington.
The bill was read a first and second,time, and
ordered to be read a third time; and it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed..
TAYLOR DUDLEY.
A bill (S. No. 502) for the relief of Taylor
Dudley, of Minnesota.
The bill was read a first and second time, and
ordered to be read a third time; and it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed,
W. II. SMILEY.
Joint resolution (S. No. 67) authorizing W. H.
Smiley, United States commercial agent at the .
Falkland Islands, to receive a telescope tendered
by the Belgian Government.
The resolution was read a first and second time,
and ordered to a third reading; and it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
JOSEPH CLYMER.
A bill (S. No. 548) for the relief of Joseph
Clymer.
The bill, which was read, directs that there shall
be paid to Joseph Clymer, out of any money, in
the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, the sum
of $14,000, in full for all claims by him for losses
or damages on account of the contractentered into
between himself and the United States repre-
sented by Thomas Swords, lieutenant colonel,
quartermaster of the United States Army, on the
18th of April, 1851, and by reason of the failure .
of the United States to perform the same.
The bill was read a first and second time.
Mr. PHELPS. I desire to say to the House,
that this question was examined by the execu-
tive officers, the Auditor and Comptroller, and is
recommended by them.
Mr. SPAULDING. I object to the bill.
Mr. PHELPS. I hope objection will be with-
drawn. The bill is eminently just. This man is
even entitled to a larger sum than is allowed in
the bill. It was favorably considered by the Sen-
ate and by a committee of the House.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. It can only be
considered by unanimous consent.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I object.
Mr,, PHELPS. I hope the gentleman will
withdraw his objection.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I cannot do so.
The bill was referred to a Committee of the
Whole House.
CAPTAIN HIRAM PAULDING.
A joint resolution (S. No. G8) for the relief of
Captain Hiram Paulding, of the United States
Navy.
The resolution instructs the Secretary of the
Navy to ascertain and allow to Captain Hiram
Paulding, of the United States Navy, the expenses
incurred by him in defending himself against a suit
brought against him by Charles J. McDonald, one
of the followers of William Walker", at San Juan
del Norte, provided the sum shall not exceed
$1,200.
Mr. CRAIGE,of North Carolina. Iobjectto
the consideration of that bill.
• Mr. HASKIN. I appeal to the patriotism of
the gentleman from North Carolina to withdraw
his objection, and t© allow this bill to be passed. A
Objection was not withdrawn; and the bill was
referred to a Committee of the Whole House.
LEWIS WARRINGTON.
A bill (S. No. 565) for the reliefof Lewis War-
rington, paymaster in the United States Navy.
The bill directs the proper accounting officers,
in the settlement of the acounts of Lewis War-
rington, paymasterat Pensacola navy-yard, where
the&propcr vouchers cannot be produced, to re-
ceive and allow statements, verified by oath, of
expenditures or loses incurred in consequence of
the forcible seizure and detention of the papers
and property of the Government at said yard by
the military of the State of Florida, provided the
Secretary of the Navy be satisfied that Warring-
ton 's vouchers are improperly withheld from him.
The bill received its several readings, and was
passed.
