1426
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
LAN© ENTRIES ON LEAVENWORTH ISLAND.
A bill (S. No. 519) legalizing certain entries of
land on Leavenworth island, in the State of Mis-
souri.
The bill was read a first arid second time.
Mr. SHERMAN. The land involved in this
bill is very valuable.
Mr. CURTIS. I object.
Mr. STANTON. Beyond all manner ofdoubt
this bill is right. The Department has settled the
question. It is simply to legalize entries of land,
The only question in the case was, whether the
lands were in the State of Missouri or the Ter-
ritory of Kansas.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. Nobody is inter-
ested in it but my constituents. The county court
of one of the counties in my district laid claim to
the lands under the swamp land act; but I with-
draw that claim.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I object to the bill.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. A single objec-
tion cannot defeat this bill, as it contains no ap-
propriation.
Mr. STANTON. As the bill is before the
House, I want to make a statement. The only
question in the case was as to what land district
tnese lands on Leavenworth island were situated
in. The claimants went to the land office and
entered these lands. The officer received pay for
them and issued certificates on the ground that they
were in the district to which Kansas belonged. The
authorities of Missouri resisted the titles, claim-
ing jurisdiction over the island. That is the whole
case. And now this bill ratifies the entries made
in the land office of the United States. That is
the whole of it. I move the previous question on
the passage of the bill.
Mr. WINSLOW. Does the gentleman from
Ohio say that the bill is right?
Mr. STANTON. Certainly it is.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under its operation
the bill was read the third time, and passed.
Mr. STANTON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
john p. brown.
A bill (S. No. 271) for the relief of John P.
Brown.
Mr. SHERMAN. Has that bill been consid-
ered by a committee of the Holism ?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chan* is in-
formed that it has not been.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then I object.
The bill was referred to a Committee of the
Whole House.
public bills.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair asks
leave now to state to the House that there are four
bills and resolutions of a public character, of
which some disposition ought to be made. If it
be the unanimous consent of the House, they will
be disposed of.
There being no objection, it was so ordered.
miutaiiy road in new mexico.
Mr. STANTON, from the committee of con-
ference on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
on the amendments to the bill (H. II. No. 200) to
provide for the completion of the military road
from Fort Union to Santa Fe, Now Mexico, re-
ported that the committer had met and had
agreed to recommend to their respective Houses
as follows: that the House recede from their dis-
agreement to the Senate amendment, and agree
to the same with the following amendment:
Line three. strike out fitty"*and insertfifteen soas
to make the appropriation for tlie road troin Taos to Port
Union $15,000,
The report of the committee was adopted.
message from ti1e president.
A message was received from the President of
the United States, by Mr. Glossbrenxer, his
Private Secretary, notifying the House that he
had approved and signed—
An act (H. R. No. 311) for the relief of Airs.
Mary Ann Henry;
An act (H. R. No. 426) for the relief of John
Y. Sewell;
An act (H. R. No. 461) granting an invalid
pfftsron to Charles Appletou;
An act (H. R. No. 666) for the relief of "Wil-
liam Sutton;
An act (H. R. No. 530) granting a pension to
Jane Yates;
An act (H. R. No. 943) to provide for bring-
ing up the arrearages of work of the land office
atOlympia, Washington Territory; and
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 51) repealing a
resolution relating to the claim of George Fisher,
dece^tf, late of Florida.
yS MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Patton, one of its clerks, informing the
House that the Senate had agreed to the report
of the committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the bill (II. R. No.
89o) making appropriations for sundry civil ex-
penses of the Government for the year ending
June 30, 1862.
arms to california.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the enforce-
ment of the order of the House, the Chair now
presents to the House, to be disposed of, certain
bills and resolutions on the Speaker's table.
A resolution (S. No. 45) authorizing the issue
of the same quota of arms to the State of Califor-
nia for the years 1850and 1851, as were issued to
that State for the year 1852.
The resolution received its several readings,
and was parsed.
university lands.
A bill (S. No. 567) donating to the States of
Minnesota and Oregon certain lands reserved by
Congress for the Territories of Minnesota and
Oregon, for university purposes.
The bill received its several readings, and was
passed.
Mr. ALDRICII moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
land titles in maine.
A bill (S. No. 101) to provide for the quieting
of certain land titles in the late disputed territory
in the State of Maine, and for other purposes.
Mr. HOARD. I object to the consideration of
that bill.
mary barault.
Mr. BR1GGS. I ask the consent of the House
to permit me to have the House bill No. 902 taken
from the Committee of the Whole House on the
Private Calendar, and passed. It is a bill for the
relief of Mary Barauit, administratrix of the late
Joseph Wheuton.
Mr. PERRY. If that is not in order, I object.
Mr. BRIGGS. I move to suspend the rules.
Mr. SHERMAN. am that is a bill dating back
to the Revolution, and will involve a large amount,
I call for the yeas and nays upon the suspension
of the rules.
Mr. FENTON. I ask that the gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Holman] may be permitted to in-
dicate an amendment which I understand it is his
purpose to offer, and then I presume there will
be no objection to the bill.
Mr. HOLMAN. With the permission of the
i IIouko, I will make a single statement in reference
to this bill.
Several Members objected.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. WASlIBUllNE, of Illinois. I hope the
call for the yeasand nays will be withdrawn until
we can see whether the motion cannot be voted
down without.
Mr. SHERMAN. The yeas and nays have
been oidered. 1 think the House can spend its
time to as good advantage in taking the yeas and
nays as in anything else.
The question was taken upon Mi\Brigg<s's mo-
tion ; and it was decided in the negative—yeas 81,
nays 63; as follows:
1 YEAS—Messrs. Adram. Aldrieh, William C. Anderson,
! Aveiv, 15;ut, Banef, Bonlnrny, Brab^on, Biayton, busts**,
; Bt i>to\v, Biown, Burch, Burhngame. Burnett, Case, Horace
| F. Clark, John < 'oehrane, Collax, Cox, Jame-s Curtis, |
j John G. Davts,l)e Jamette, Duetl, Kdmund-on, Etherid?e, |
I Farnsworth,Florence, Fouke, Frank. French,Gained,Go-
j mer, Hale, Hamilton, J. Morrison Harris, Ilatinn, ;
' Helimck, Holman. Hushes, Junkin, Fiancis W. Kello™, ■
William Kellogg, Keri}on, Lairahec, James M. Leach,
Logan, Charles D. Maitm, filbert S. Martin, Maynard,
McClornand, AIcKenty, Lab:m T. Moore, Moorhead, Ed-
wani Jny Mmrix, fsaac N. M rri«. NiMack, Qtin, Porter,
Prvor, Quarter, Christopher Robinson, Royce, Sickles,
Sunnis. Somes. Spinner, Stokes^tratton.Tappan.Tomp
kins, Vallandighain, Vance, Vandever, Winslow, Wood,
Woodi uff', :md Wright-—81.
NAYS—Messrs. Charles F. Adams, Alley, Ashley, Bing-
ham, Biake, Branch, Butfinton, Bnttertield,Campbell. Ca-
rey, Carter, Coburn, Conkling, Conway, Corwm, Covode,
Burton Craige, II. Winter Davis. Dawes. Delano, Dunn,
Edgerfon, Edwards, Eliot, EIv, Fenton, Foster, Gooeh, Gra-
ham, Hall, John T. Harris, Hoard, Humphrey, liutchins,
DeWitt C. Leach, Loumis, Lovejoy, Marston, McKean,
McPherson, MilNon, MorrilK Morse, Pendleton. Perry,
Pettit, Potter, Rice, lliggs, ltuHin, Sherman, William N. II.
Smith, Spaulding, Stanton,. Stevens, Thomas, Train, Trim-
ble, Veiree, Wade, Cadwaluder C. Washburn, JEilihu B.
Washburne, and Wells—63.
So the rules wero not suspended, (two thirds
not voting in favor thereof.)
Before the vote was announced,
Mr. BURNETT said that, understanding aft
amendment would be adopted if that bill was
taken up limiting the amount to $3,000, he would
change his vote? and vote "ay."
Mr. ANDERSON,of Kentucky,said that, with
the expectation of getting up the old soldiers'"
pension bill immediately after, he would vote in
the affirmative.
The vote was announced as above recorded-.
reports from committees.
Mr. FENTON. I have a resolution to which
I presume there will be no objection, and which
is important to the proper closing up of our busi-
ness. I offer the following:
Resolved, That the-committees of the House who have
repotts in readiness upon matter? referred to them be per-
mitted to deliver such leports to the Cleik of the House,
and that they be punted; and that all lulls and resolutions
so reported be referred to the Committee of the Whole; and
that all bills, resolutions, and other papers upon which no
repoit shall be made, be returned intoimally to the Clerk.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. I object to
that resolution.
Mr. FENTON. I move to suspend the rules.
colorado delegate.
Mr. GILMER. I rise to a question of privi-
lege. I am instructed by the Committee of Elec-
tions to submit to the House the following res-
olution;
Rcsoh-cd, That Charles II. Morgan, informally elected
Delegate lioni the Territory of Colorado, who has been at-
tending, duim«? tin; 1-c-fioiif. of the Thirty-Sixth Congress,
to the busmen of '-aid Teiritory, be paid, out of the con-
tingent fund of the Iiou<e, the sum ot'^1,000, in full satis-
faction foi all his services as agent or quasi Delegate of said
Territory.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair de-
cides that the resolution does not involve a ques-
tion of privilege such as can supersede the busi-
ness regularly before the House.
Mr. GILMER. It is a question of privilege.
The resolution is reported to the House from the
Committee of Elections, in response to a petition
referred to them by the House.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. No debate is i<n
order. The Chair decides that the resolution can-
not be received as a question of privilege.
Mr. GILMER. 1 appeal from the decision of
the Chair.
Mr. PHELPS. I move to lay the appeal on
the {able.
Mr. COLFAX. I rise to a question of order.
I wish to ascertain whether the Journal shows
that such a petition was referred to the Commit-
tee of Elections.
Mr. PHELPS. I care not whether such a pe-
tition has been referred or not. The resolution
docs not even purport to refer to a Delegate or
member of this House; and cannot therefore be
in order as a question of privilege.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair will
state the question. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Fenton] was recognized, and moved
to suspend the rules, to enable him to introduce
a resolution. The gentleman from North Caro-
lina [Mr. Gilmer] then rose and stated that he
presented another resolution as a privileged ques-
tion. The Chan decides that it is not a privileged
question. From that decision the gentleman from
North Carolina appeals; and the gentleman from
Missouri moves to lay the appeal on the table.
The question is, "Shall the appeal lie on the
table?"
Mr. STANTON. I desire to know whetln r
the gentleman from North Carolina reports this
resolution as chairman of the Committee of Elec-
tions or merely upon his own individual respons-
ibility2
