466
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 19,
mittee on the Judiciary is the law organ of the
Senate. 1 am unwilling, therefore, to encumber
this bill with any provision upon thatsubject, but
shall be willing to unite with the Senator from
Indiana ir passing a proper judiciary bill, to fol-
low this one, and immediately after it, if it shall
be necessary, when Kansas shall have been ad-
mitted; but I do not wish to cncumbcr this bill
with these provisions. I do not think it is safe
to do so, no matter how carefully they have been
prepared, and no matter how competent the Sen-
ator may be to prepare them, without their un-
dergoing the investigation of the Judiciary Com-
mittee.
Mr. FITCEi. Mr. President, it is anew rule,
an unwritten one of the Senate, which I give the
Senator from Illinois the credit of having discov-
ered, that an amendment to a bill, not involving
an appropriation, must necessarily come from a
committee, or that it is not worthy of considera-
tion if it docs not. That it may have been the
practice to pass supplementary bills, creating ju-
dicial districts in new States, at one period of our
history as a Government, I admit; but the Sen-
ator, I think, has the further credit of having been
among the first to sanction a departure from that
practice. The Senator, as chairman of the Com-
mittee on Territories, was the channel through
which the bill for the admission of Minnesota
camo to the Senate. This amendment was copied
from that bill. Therefore, if the-language of that
bill is carefully guarded, this is equally so. I give
him the credit that it is so, taking none to myself.
He first depat-ted from what he informs us has
been the practice; or at least the departure met
with his approbation. I have followed his ex-
ample. If he was right, then this amendment is
right.
1 need not now, Mr. President, give reasons in
favor of the amendment. Its language carries the
reasons foj its necessity, I should think, to the
conviction of every Senator. The only real rea-
son for opposition to *it must be political. No
opposition can be based upon sound, legal, con-
stitutional ground, or grounds of right. There
may be political reasons for such opposition.
Unless those reasons are developed by the vote
upon tho proposed amendment, or in the course
of the debate elsewhere, I shall not go into any
discussion of them. If they are, I may do so.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Mr. President, the Senator
happens to be mistaken, 1 believe, in his suppo-
sition that I prepared a judiciary bill for Minne-
sota, or that portion of the bill for the admission
of Minnesota relating to the judiciary. That bill
came from the House of Representatives. I was
informed that it had received the approbation and
report of the Judiciary Committee there. When
it came here, no objection being made, it having
come from the Judiciary Committee of the House,
it is very probable 1 did not move to strike itout;
and if this provision had come with a carefully
prepared bill from the House of Representatives,
and from their Judiciary Committee, I do not think
I should move to strike it out. That is one of the
exceptions to tho general practice of the Govern-
ment in regard to these bills. I see no necessity,
therefore, for adopting this provision asan amend-
ment, although I do not, perhaps, deem it such
a departure as would have rendered it necessary
to strike it out if it had come from the House of
Representatives in the bill. It involves the ne-
cessity of sending this bill back to the House of
Repiesenta'uves. If the bill itself were defective,
and retimed amendment, I should be willing to
amend it, and send it buck to the House of Rep-
resentatives; but as the bill itself is complete for
the purposes for which it was introduced, with-
out amendment, and as the general practice has
been that the judiciary bill should come from the
Judiciary Committee, and be passed in a separate
form, I choose to conform to that practice rather
than put this amendment on this bill. The case
that the Senator states is not in point.
Mr. PUGIX. Will my friend from Illinois
allow me to make a suggestion?
Mr. DOUGLAS. Certainly.
Mr. PUGH. The clause in the Minnesota bill
was added in the Senate on my motion. It was
not m the bill first prepared for the admission of
Kansas under the_ Lecompton constitution; but
after conference with the members of the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, it was moved by me in
the Senate, and way then debated at some length
and added to that bill. Afterwards, at the request
of the Senators elect from Minnesota, I moved it,
with a mere change of the name of the State, to
the Minnesota bill, as an amendment to a House
bill, just precisely as the Senator from Indiana
has done to-day. After my friend has finished
his argument, I shall show to him, I think, the
absolute necessity of its being put here now, to
prevent a failure of the administration of justice.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I understand, then, from the
Senator, that he was a member of the Judiciary
Committee when he offered it; that he consulted
and had the approval of the Judiciary Commit-
tee,'and announced that fact at the time to the
Senate.
Mr. PUGH. I did not announce it; but I
showed the necessity of the amendment; and 1
think I shall show it now, after the Senator has
finished.
Mr. DOUGLAS. There is a solitary excep-
tion—perhaps there may be one more—in the
whole history of the Government, to a general
rule. Now, this amendment is to delay the bill.
What necessity is there for it? We can pass this
provision to-day, or next week, in a subsequent
bill, according to the usual practice, and send it
promptly to the House of Representatives. I have
not made the objection the Senator from Indiana
seems to suppose, that an amendment to a bill
cannot properly come from an individual Senator;
but I do say, that an amendment embracing tho
whole subject of tho judiciary of a State ought to
come from the Judiciary Committee, ought to he
matured by them, and ought to be offered with
their sanction. The Senator from Indiana thinks
there can be no opposition to this amendment
except it is political. I believe I am the only man
yet who has evinccd any disposition to oppose
it, and it is difficult for me to understand how the
Senator thinks my objection can be political. I
do not understand what political motive I can
have cither for opposing or supporting it. My
position forbids that I should have any political
motive whatever in this matter; nor am I in the
habit of suspecting Senators of different motives
for an act from that which they assign in the dis-
charge of their duty, and especially when they
are in the discharge of their duties according to
the usual practice of the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foster.)
There are certain blanks in this amendment, the
filling of which would first be in order before
taking the question on the amendment.
Mr. FITCH. Not remembering all the details
of the legislation of the period when Minnesota was
admitted, although at the time a member of this
body, I took it for granted that the bill for the ad-
mission of that Territory as a State had passed
through the ordeal of the committee over which the
Senator from Illinois then presided. It appears,
however, that tho amendment to that bill, from
which I have copied this one, was introduced pre-
cisely as this has been,by an individual Senator,
on hi« individual responsibility, and that it met tho
sanction of the Senator from Illinois, at that time.
That sanction ho is disposed to withhold now.
That is his right, I have no word of complaint
at this apparent change in his views. The Sen-
ator erred when he supposed I was attributing to
him any political object. I supposed it would
strike every gentleman who heaid the remark,
that my supposition that the opposition to this
amendment grew out of political considerations
could not apply to this side of the Chamber. I
desire, however, not to go into that discussion,
for really I flatter myself that the necessity of tho
amendment is too apparent to require any such
discussion, or to admit of any opposition, based
on any such consideration. Such necessity,how-
ever, I shall leave to the Senator from Ohio to
explain, lie having already indicated his intention
to do so.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I have only a word to add
to what I have already said. As the Senator did
not allude to me, when he referred to political
motives for opposing the amendment, I can only
say that since it has been disclosed that this
amendment, as offered to this bill, is in the form
of the Minnesota bill, as it was approved by the
Judiciary Committee, at that day, the only ob-
jection 1 now have to its being added to this bill
js that it involves the necessity of sending this
bill back to the House of Representatives, for
which I think there is no necessity, becausc a
separate bill can easily be passed in the usual
form to accomplish the object.
Mr. GREEiN. I should like to ask the Sena-
tor a question. If a separate bill would pass, why
would not tho Kansas admission bill pass with *
this amendment?
Mr. DOUGLAS. I take it for granted that a
separate bill will pass.
l. Mr. GREEN. Very well; why not this, then ?
^ Mr. DOUGLAS. There is no necessity for
delaying this bill as it would be delayed by the
adoption of the amendment. The Senator from
Missouri well knows that this Kansas question
has been here for years,.and no consideration on
earth could suffice to stop it in this body three
years ago, when it came under the Lecompton
constitution. Itwasnotstoppedthentobeamended
for the want of judiciary or any other clauses;
but it was forced through. We are told, first, that
Kansas must be kept out because her northern-
boundary is not right, when it is the same now
as it was then; next, that she must be kept out
because the southern boundary is not right, though
it is the same now it was then; again, she must
be kept out because o£ the Indian treaties, though
the same objection existed then as now; again,
she must be kept out becausc she has not popu-
lation enough, though she has three times asmany
people as were there then; and, finally, this bill
must be delayed now because it does not contain
a judiciary clause. I do not understand why these
constant objections are being interpo'Sed to the
admission of Kansas now, when none of them
were presented in regard to the Lecompton con-
stitution, three years ago, nor in regard to the
admission of Oregon, which has since taken place.
It seems to me that the fate of Kansas is a hard
one; and it is necessary for these Senators to ex-
plain why they make the distinction in their action
between Kansas and Oregon, instead of my ex-
plaining why! do not make a distinction between
them.
Mr. PUGH. Mr. President, it seems to me
that my friend from Illinois is disposed'to sus-
pect something where nothing ought to be sus-
pected. The Lecompton bill did have this very
proposition in it. It was moved in the Senate,
and added to the bill; it was in the bill which
passed the Senate. The Oregon bill was a Senate
bill, and to that I was prepared to ofler the same
amendment; but I happened to be out of my scat
when the bill passed the Senate. Everybody re-
collects the struggle over that bill in the House
of Representatives, and that, instead of adding it
to that, a separate bill was brought in. I ac-
knowledge that the early practice was to have two
bills; not for the reason given by the Senator
from Illinois, because there was no Committee on
Territories till a late period in the history of Con-
gress, and all questions as to the admission of
new States were referred to the standing Com-
mittee on the Judiciary; but why they reported
two bills instead of one bill on tho same subject,
is a matter which we cannot now explain. Per-
haps itwas because,in the early times, the powers
and jurisdiction of the district courts in the new
States varied somewhat; but at a very early pe-
riod, in regard to the district court of Kentucky,
the power and jurisdiction given under the gen-
eral judiciary act of 1789 was assumed, and it has
been followed from State to State. Therefore,
when the Senator from Indiana refenf us, as his
amendment does, to the district court of Minne-
sota, that refers to the district court of Iowa, and
that act refers back to a fornier district court, and
at last you get back to the old district court for
the State of Kentucky; and hence there is no ne-
cessity exccpt to refer back, for the jurisdiction
of the courts is settled.
Now suppose we do not put this amendment
on this bill: what then? If it were early in the
session, if it were the first session of the Con-
gress, 1 should care little about it. We might
prepare a separate bill, as we did in the case of
Oregon; and be certain of its passage in both
Houses; but suppose there be no such proposition'
what is the condition of affairs? Are not the
courts of the State of Kansas, when she is ad-
mitted, incompetent to entertain any prosecutions
for offenses against the laws of the United States?
Are not the citizens of every other State pre-
vented from bringing their actions, as the Consti-
tution of the United States gives them a right to
do, in the Federal court? More than that, as the
