1861.
.THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
469
omitted. No such desire was expressed under
other circumstances in relation to another bill for
the admission of another State in the same sec-
tion.
Mr. CLARK. I want to call the attention of
the Senator from Indiana to one or two consider-
ations in answer to what he has just said. They
are these: At the last session of Congress, this
bill was reported to the Senate. The Senators on
this side have been continually anxious to pass
it. If it had not been for the opposition 011 the
other side, it might have passed months ago; and
the gentlemen on the other side might have had
their judiciary bill, and their appointments also.
Wo have not delayed it. You, on that side, have
delayed it; and because now we want to pass it
at the close of the session, you arc trying to de-
feat it, on the plea that we want to get the appoint-
ment. You might have had it six or ei^ht months
ago, if you had chosen to pass the bill; and it is
not fair to make such an imputation upon this
side of the Chamber. You can have it now by
passing the bill.
Mr. FITCH. That is very true. I think there
was opposition on this side of the Chamber. I
confess I opposed it, as I shall do again, unless
this amendment is adopted. Then, as now, there
was no disposition manifested upon that side of
the Chamber to agree to this amendment.
Mr. CLARK. Did the Senator offer it then ?
Mr. FITCH. It was pending then; but there
were other amendments which had precedence;
and this is the first opportunity, although it was
printed at the last session, that I have had to call
It up.
Mr. COLLAMER. Did the Senator endeavor
to get it acted 011 at that umc?
Mr. FITCH. I tried to get it before the Senate
at that time, as the Senator must recollect and the
amendment will show; for I offered it, it was
printed, and notice given by me that whenever
the bill should come up it would be offered. An-
other amendment, however, having been intro-
duced prior to it, precluded the possibility of my
taking it up then. I never met with any encour-
agement on the opposite side of the Chamber rel-
ative to its adoption. I was not disposed to pre-
vent the admission of Kansas upon political
grounds, and do not believe now, so faras myself
and those associated with me politically are con-
cerned, that we have anything to expect, polit-
ically, from the adoption of this amendment; for,
judging from the recently-manifested proclivities
of the Executive, he is quite likely to appoint to
the offices created by the amendment applicants
recommended by those of the opposite side of the
Chamber, especially if those recommended can
claim to bo from Pennsylvania.
Mr. WILSON Mr. President, this question
of the admission of Kansas has been pending be-
fore us for a long time. We are anxious to carry
the bill through; and I take it that is the only
motive that governs us in opposing the amend-
ment of the Senator from Indiana. It is in the
power of that Senator, and of his friends, to intro-
duce a bill, after we pass tins act for tSie admis-
sion of Kansas, to secure the judge in the new
State, if they desire it. I know of no Senator on
this side of the Chamber who will oppose any bill
of that kind. Now, sir, if this provision had been
in the original bill as it came from th<* House of
Representatives, 1 do not believe there is a Sen-
ator in this body who would vote to strike itout;
but the bill comes to us from the House of Rep-
resentatives in its present form; we want to admit
Kansas; we want to close that case; and we say
to the Senator from Indiana and his friends: bring
in your bill, and pass it promptly, if you desire
to do so; and if you want the appointment of a
jud«e in the Territory, take it. We want to close
this question to-day, and admit Kansas into the
Union as a sovereign State.
Mr. GREEN. This question cannot be closed
to-day. 1 know that this amendment is just and
proper in itself,and it is conceded to be so on all
sides. Not a single Senator says it is wrong; but
they say: "This is the wrong place; it embar-
rasses the admission of Kansas." I happen to
know the contrary* It insures the passage of this
amendment.
Mr. WILSON. How is that?
Mr. GREEN. I say I happen to know the
contrary. It will insure the passage of this amend-
ment. The bill will not be delayed live minutes
in the House of Representatives, in consequence |
of this amendment. It is necessary. You say a
supplemental bill can be passed. Well,if a sup-
plemental bill will pass so quickly and so easily,
why not let it pass with this bill, and go to the
House of Representatives? Can any one assign
a reason for it? I believe I have heard no reason.
1 shall urge no reason for its necessity, for that
strikes every Senator who listens to the reading
of the amendment; but there is a reason for put-
ting it in this bill, and that is, to insure its pas-
sage. In a separate bill it will not pass, in my
opinion. If put on this bill, I know the bill and
amendment will pass, and that is the reason I
want it put on the bill.
Mr. FITCH. Mr. President, were I willingto
accept the pledge of the Senator from Massachu-
setts, (and certainly, so far as he is concerned, 1
would accept it cheerfully,) he cannot pledge him-
self for his political friends at the other end of the
Capitol; and if any Democrat—I beg pardon for
alluding to political parties by name here; the names
by which they are designated should be excluded
altogether from this Chamber—but if any gen-
tleman professing the politics entertained by a
majority of those on this side of the Chamber is
sufficiently verdant to act on that pledge, he will
find himself most woefully disappointed; not from
any indisposition on the part of the honorable
Senator who makes the pledge to carry it out, but
on account of his utter inability to control the ac-
tion of others of his party. Is it fair for them to
urge an objection to an amendment to this partic-
ular bill, when the same provision—this being a
copy—has received their assent in another bill
under very similar circumstances, exccpt those
connccted with the incoming and outgoing of
Administrations? The Senator himself I see is
recorded in favorof the passage of the Minnesota
bill. So are both the Senators from Vermont, and
indeed all, without exception, upon that side of
the Chamber, who then held scats here. This
regard for the prompt admission of a State, with-
out clogging that admission with what they now
call extraneous questions, then was not breathed.
Minnesota, according to their present logic, was
a State of minor consideration compared with that
which they are disposed to give to Kansas. I
look upon them botii alike. I voted for the admis-
sion of Minnesota with that provision. I shall
sustain the provision m the present bill,and shall
most assuredly not vote for the bill unless the
provision is insei ted.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment offered by the Senator from
Indiana.
Mr. F1TCII. There are one or two blanks in
the amendment, which I apprehend it would be
proper to fill first.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
suggested that fact to the Senate 011 several occa-
sions. No motion has yet been made to fill the
blanks.
Mr. FITCH. The blanks were left with the
intention, on my part, to have the amounts with
which they should be filled—I believe they relate
only to the compensation of officers—stated by
some Senator who is a member of the Judiciary
Committee, who are better judges than myself of
the value of the services to be rendered.
Mr. GREEN. I move to fill the blank for the
salary of the mdg-e at $2,500.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair is
informed, on an examanation of the amendment
by the Secretary, that the blanks only relate to
the time of holding the courts, not to the salaries
of officers.
Mr.PUGH. I will suggest to the Senator from
Indiana to fill the blanks with " April" and
*' October," so that the courts will be held on the
first Mondays of April and October in each year.
Do I understand that to be acceptable?
Mr. FITCH. Very well; 1 will agree to that.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is moved
that the blanks be filled with the words k6 April"
and "October." If there be no objection, the
blanks will be filled in that manner. The Chair
hears none. Is the Senate ready for the question
on the amendment of the Senator from Indiana?
Mr. FITCH. I desire to have the yeas and
nays on the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 26, nays 27; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Benjamin, Bigler, Bragg, Bright,
Glingman, Crittenden, Fitch, Green, Gw'm, Hempb ill, Hun-
ter, Iverson, Johnson of Arkansas, Johnson of TeiiMisaae,
Lane, Mason, Nicholson, Polk, Powell, Pua;h, Itiee, Sauls-
bury, Sebastian, Thomson, and VVigfall—25.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Baker, Bingham, Cameron,
Chandler,Clark,Oollamer, Dixon, DooHtUe, Douglas, Dar-
kee, Fessenden, Foot. Foster, Grimes,-flale, Marian, King,,
Morrill, Seward, Simmons, Sumner, Ten Eyck, Trumbull,
Wade, Wilkinson, and Wilson—27.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. GREEN. I wish to inquire whether my
name is recorded; and if so, upon which side?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator's
name is recorded in the affirmative.
Mr. GREEN. Then I will change my vote
for the purpose of moving a reconsideration. I
am satisfied thattheamendmentis right, and ought
to be adopted. I change my vote.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is too late, I appre-
hend, to change the vote now after the result is
declared. I object.
• Mr. GREEN. It has not been declared.. •
Mr. TRUMBULL. It has been.
Mr. GREEN. I never heard it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I did.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair had
declared that the yeas were 26, and the nays
27; so the amendment was not agreed to. The
Chair then caught the eye of the Senator from
Missouri, and recognizecl him as addressing the
Chair.
Mr. GREEN. I did not hear the announce-
ment.
Several Senators. It was announced.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The following
amendment, proposed by the Senator from Mis-
souri, [Mr. Green,] to the preamble of the bill,
is now pending. It will be read by the Secre-
tary.
The Secretary read the amendment; which was,
in the fifth line of the preamble, between the
words " which" and " was," to insert the words
" by order of the convention, was submitted to a
vote of the people for their approval or disap-
proval, and by them;" and in trie sixth line to
strike out the words "by the people;" nnd in
the ninth line, between the words " behalf" and
" asked," to insert the words " before the rati-
fication as aforesaid;" so that the preamble will
read:
Whereas the people of the Territory of Kansas, by their
repn:s<*nt.itives in convention assembled at Wyandotte, in
saul Teiritoiy, 011 tho 29th dny of July, 1859, did form (or
themselves a constitution and State government, republican,
m lorm, which, by order of the convention, was submitted
to a vote of the people for their approval oi disapproval,
and by them was ratified and adopted at an election held
for that purpose, on Tuesday, the 4th day of October, 1859,
and the said convention lias, in then name and behalf, be-
fore the ratification as afmesaid, asked the Congress ot the
United States to admit the said Territory into the Union as
a State, on an equal looting with the other States: There-
fore.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Will Senators
please come to order? So many Senators are
passing upon the floor, and there is so much con-
fusion, that it is impossible for the businassofthe
Senate to proceed understandingly. The question
is upon the adoption of the amendment to the
preamble, which has just been read.
Mr. GREEN. There are two amendments.
I will explain the first one, and let the vote be
taken upon that. I shall then explain the second
one, and let the vote be taken upon that. Neither
will give rise to much debate. Tho first one is to
insert, in the fifth line of the preamble, between
the words " which "and " was," the words, " by
order of the convention, was submitted to the
vote of the people for their approval or disap-
proval,and by them." The object of this amend-
ment I will state to tho Senate. The preamble,
as it now stands, reads thus:
Whereas the people of the Territory of Kansas, by their
^'preventatives in convention assembled at Wyandotte, in
said Teriitory, on the 29th day of July, 1859, did form for
themselves a constitution and State government, repub-
lican in form, which was ratified and accepted by the peo-
ple at the election held for that purpose, &e.
I do not wish Congress to sanction the idea thai
it is necessary that it should bo ratified and
adopted by the people, unless the convention of
the people directs that course; that is all. I do
not wish to be committed. I hold that it is^com-
petent for the convention either to submit it to a
vote of the people or not, unless the vote of the
people, when they make the convention, decide
otherwise. It is merely an exclusion of author-
ity. I think it had better be done, bccouso, so
