1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1429
Mr. SHERMAN, The gentleman from Ken-
tucky asks me a question which is not exactly-
parliamentary, if he imputes to me any personal
interest, or any improper motives.
Mr. STEVENSON. I do not impute any-
thing personal or dishonorable to the gentleman.
Par from it; but motives of policy not disclosed.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will simply say that my
position upon this subject arises out of public
considerations. From a superficial' examination
of this matter, I was satisfied that the faith of the
United States was not plighted to the Choctaws;
and that we do not owe the Choctaws. I desired
that the House of Representatives shall have a
fair opportunity to investigate this matter, and it
should not have been put upon an appropriation
bill, where we are compelled to take it,nolensvolens,
or run the risk of losing the appropriation bill.
Mr. STEVENSON. I tell the gentleman that
this whole subject has been investigated thor-
oughly in the Senate. The chairman of the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs of that body made a
thorough and elaborate report upon it. This
appropriation has also undergone the supervision
of the proper Department of the Government. I
say that every item of the claim which was dis-
puted was stricken out, and now we only pro-
pose, not to give what the Senate demanded, not
to yield to the exactions of the Senate, and put
upon this bill the amount of the original amend-
ment, one million two hundred and odd thousand
dollars, but to allow the Indians $500,000, half in
bonds and half in money,
Mr. CURTIS. I understand the gentleman to
say  [Cries of " Order!"]
Mr. HOWARD, of Michigan. I object.
Mr CURTIS. I want to make an inquiry.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. It is not m order
except by unanimous consent.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. After the
gentleman from Kentucky has concluded his re-
marks, I shall object to any further debate.
Mr. STEVENSON. I repeat, that this appro-
priation rests upon the sacredness of national
raith. Similar appropriations have been sanc-
tioned by the Committee of Ways and Means,
for the purchase of a printing bureau. The obli-
gation and faith of the Government of the United
States is pledged to carry out every public treaty
which the Government makes; and I say, neither
the amount of the appropriation, nor the fact that
the amount is due to poor, suffering Indians, ought
to constitute any ground for a failure to sanction
this appropriation. The subject has been fully
investigated; and that an amount larger than that
reported by the conference committee is due, has
not been disputed by any Senator of the United
States. Shall we make tliis case an exception?
These Indians have always been the friends of
the white man. They appeal both to our friend-
ship, humanity, and justice. Shall they appeal
in vain? The Senate, who ratified the treaty, who
investigated these claims, say we are indebted to
them; and the question occurs, will this House
repudiate it in toio ? I cannot sanction it.
Bound to uphold, as a Representative, the sol-
emn public faith of the Government to carry out
its contracts, and to fulfill all vested, sacred obli-
gations, I have been at a loss to know why gen-
tlemen who had voted to carry out this appropria-
tion—and especially one for a public printing
office, which they hud originally opposed—could
not also vote for this appropriation, which rests
upon the same ground. I impeach the personal
integrity of noone: and the gentlemen from Mis-
souri and Ohio misunderstood me, if tlicy sup-
posed otherwise. But I wanted to find out if
there was any reason of sectional policy operating
to induce gentlemen to be so persistent in oppos-
ing this appropriation, when I thought they had
yielded their assent to the same principle in sim-
ilar cases. That was precisely what 1 meant by
myinquiries. Inmyjudgment,amore righteous,
a more honest claim, this House was never called
to pass upon. If we adopt the conference repoit,
we save this entire Indian bill; for the Senate
never will recede below this amount now recom-
mended. If we non-concur, the whole bill faPs.
I have attempted to discharge my duty. The
responsibility is now with the House, to whose
justice I commend it.
Mr. HOWARD, of Michigan. 1 have already
said that the managers upon the part of both
Houses, yielded to the terms of this repoit with
great apparent reluctance. For myself, I objected
to it upon two grounds: first, that an estimate for
this appropriation, to fulfill a treaty stipulation, as
it is urged, was not sent here at the beginning of
the session, so that it might take the regular course
of other appropriations to fulfill treaty stipulations.
The Senate claimed that they could not yield or
recede, without surrendering their prerogatives
in relation to the treaty-making power. We of
course intended no infringement upon the prerog-
atives of the Senate; but for myself, I did not and
would not, and never will, consent to recognize that
award, until I know more about it.
Mr. KUNKEL. I desire to ask the gentleman
a question, at this point. [Cries of " Object!"]
Mr. HOWARD, of Michigan. I cannot yield
to the gentleman without losing the floor entirely.
Several Members. Let us vote.
Mr. HOWARD, of Michigan. I will call the
previous question in a moment. We did not as-
sent to the award. The language of the amend-
ment which we report is, that this amount shall
be paid on their claim under the eleventh and
twelfth articles of the treaty.
Mr. KUNKEL. Mr. Speaker 
Mr. HOWARD, ofMichigan. I cannotyield
to the gentleman.
Mr. KUNKEL. All I desire to say is, that
this report does recognize the award. [Shouts of
" Order!"]
Mr. HOWARD, ofMichigan. The gentleman
from Maryland very well knows that I would
yield to him with pleasure, but objection is made,
and I cannot yield without losing the floor alto-
gether.
Wc have submitted this report for the action
of the House; and I believe the fate of the bill is
involved in it. I confess, as I said before, that I
had objections to it; but it does not recognize the
award. It only recognizes the treaty. Let me
say, further, that, so far as I know, this claim
has never received the sanction of any commit-
tee of this House. I now demand the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The question being on agreeing to the report
of the committee of conference,
Mr. POTTLE demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 70, nays 61; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Charles F. Adams, Adrain, Aldnch, Al-
ley, Ashley, Avery, Bingham, Brabson, Bray ton, Uristow,
Buffinton, Burch, Burnett, Burnham, Horace F. Clark,
Conkling, Conwav, Corwm, Cox, James Craig, Burton
Craige, Dawes, Duell, Dunn, Etheridge, Ferry, Florence,
Foster, Fouke, Gooch, Gralmm, Hale, Hall, Hamilton, J.
Morrison Hains, William Howard, William A. Howard,
Killingcr, DeWitt C. Leach, Marston, Elbert S. Martin,
Maynard, McKenty, Morrill, Edwaid Joy Morris, Morse,
NibJack, Nixon, Peny, Piyor, GLuaile5*, Rige^, Chiistophcr
Robinson, Itoyco, Sickle-*, William N, II. Smith, Somes,
Stanton, Stevenson, James A. Stewait, Stratton, Thomas,
Trimble, Walton, Cadwalader C. Washbuin, Webster,
Wlnteley, Windom, Winslow, and Woodiuft'—'70.
NAYS—Messrs. William C. Anderson, Barr, Barret,
Blake, Branch, Butterfield, Campbell, Caiey, Carter, John
R. Claik, Colfax, Cuitis, H. Winter Davis, John G. Davis,
Delano, Edmund^on. Edwards,Eliot, Ely, English, Farns-
woith, Fenton, Frank, Gilmer, John T. Harris, Ha&kin,
Hatton, Hoard, Holman, Hutchins, Junkm, Francis W.
Keljogjr, Lo?an, Longnecker, Looims, Lovejoy, McCler-
nand, McKean, McPherson, Moorhead, Olin, Phelps, Por-
ter, Potter, Pottle, James C. Ilobinson, Ruliin, Sedgwick,
Sherman, Ppanldinp, Spinner, William Stewart, Stokes.
Tappan, Vandever, Van Wyck, Verree, Wade, Waklronj
Eilihu R. Washburne, and Weils—-61.
So the report of the committee of conference
was agreed to.
During the roll-call,
Mr. FRENCH suited that he was paired with
Mr. Vance.
Mr. McPHERSON stated that Mr. Moore, of
Kentucky, was paired with Mr. Wilson.
Mr. WRIGHT stated that he had paired off
with Mr. Case.
The result of the vote having been announced
as above recorded,
Mr. HOWARD, ofMichigan, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the report was agreed to;
and also moved to lay the motion to reconsider
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The question recurred on Mr. Maynard's mo-
tion to suspend the rules.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. RIGGS, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported as truly enrolled the following bills
and joint resolution; _ ,
A bill (H. R.No. 899) making appropriations
for the support of the Army for the year ending
30th June, 1863; * . .
A bill (H. II. No. 923) granting a pension to
Eliza M. Plympton; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 59) authoriz-
ing Commodore H. Paulding to receive a sword
awarded him by the Republic of Nicaragua.
And then, on motion of Mr. SHERMAN, (at
seven o'clock and five minutes, p. m.#) the House
took a recess until ten o'clock,a. m., Monday.
The House reassembled at ten o'clock, a. m.,
[Monday morning, March 4.]
Messages were received from the President of
the United States and from the Senate.
WITHDRAWAL OF PAPERS.
Mr. BURNETT. I ask unanimous consent of
the House to withdraw from the files of the House,
for reference to the Commissioner of Pensions,
the papers in the cases of Martha Snelling; chil-
dren of John McDaniel; children of Lieutenant
Nathan Smith; John Johnson; Susannah Scott,
widow of William Scott; children of John For-
rester; James Saxon; children of Nathan Sears;
children of David and Sarah Richardson;children
of John and Mary-Moore; William Percy;grand-
children of Captain Richard Jones; children of
Catharine Hannah; Charles Wilson and others,
surviving children of Lieutenant John Wilson;
heirs of Elizabeth Hickman; and children of Mary
Clearwater, formerly widow of James Young.
There was no objection; and it was ordered
accordingly.
Mr. HUGHES. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to withdraw from the files of the
House the papers in the cases of Mrs. Prances
Fowler, deceased, widow of Abraham C. Fowler,
late a lieutenant in the United States Army; and
of John C. Jones.
There was no objection; and it was so ordered.
Mr. HICKMAN. What becomes of the bus-
iness undisposed of on Saturday evening?
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. 1 move that there
he a call of the House in order that we may see
whether there is a quorum present or not.
The motion was not agreed to.
COMPENSATION OP DISTRICT ATTORNEYS, ETC.
The SPEAKER. The question first in order,
is the consideration of the motion to suspend the
rules to take up and consider Senate bill No. 86,
to amend existing laws relating to the compensa-
tion of district attorneys, marshals, and clerks
of the circuit and district courts of the United
States.
Mr. MAYNARD demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Barr and
Eliot were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers reported
—ayes 101, noes 20.
So the rules were suspended, (more than two
thirds voting in favor thereof.)
Mr. MAYNARD demanded the previous ques-
tion on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under the operation
thereof, the bill was passed.
Mr. MAYNARD moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. COX. I rise to a privileged question. I
call up the report of the committee of conference
on the bill for the promotion of the useful arts.
Mr. SHERMAN. The bill in reference to the
compensation ofdistnctattornej^s,&c., was passed
amid the din and confusion which prevails in the
House, without the House being aware, I am
sure, of its provisions. I demand a division of
the House on it. It enlarges the expenses of the
Government.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I call the
gentleman from Ohio to order. The bill has been
passed, and the motion to reconsider has been laid
upon the table.
Mr. SHERMAN. I demanded a division in
time. The bill will increase the expenses of the
Government $500,000 a year.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman states that
