470
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 19,
far as I am concerned, I think all action of Con-
gress amounts to precedent, to some extent, and
we see Senators every day referring to what was
done at the last session, and at other sessions,
and the votes that wore given. Let us, therefore,
be correct.
The PRESIDING- OFFICER. Is the Senate
ready for the question on the first amendment to
the preamble, which has just been read?
The amendment was rejected.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
recurs upon the second amendment to the pream-
ble; to strikeout, in the sixth line of the preamble,
the words " by the people;" so that it will read:
A constitution and State government, republican in foim,
which was ratified and adopted at an election, &c.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. GREEN. Now, Mr. President, I have an
amendment to offer, of a substantial character.
The other two wore not.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will state that there is a thud amendment pending
to the preamble.
Mr. GREEN. I have not moved that. I took it
back yesterday, in order to correct it. Butl move
this one, to come in after the word " schools," in
the fourteenth line of the third section. As soon
as it is read I will explain it.
The Secretary read the amendment; to insert,
after the word " schools," in the fourteenth line
of the third section, the following:
Provided, That m all eases where lands which were re-
served lor the use of schools in tin1 Territory of Kansas by
the thirty-fourth section of the act providing for the oigam-
zation ofsaid Territory, have been enteied under the pi ovis-
iom of an act of the Legislative Assembly ot such Terri-
tory, entitled 11 An act to grunt pic tnptton to school lands
in certain eases" passed at IN fust M\s.-ion, and other acts
in relation to huch lands, and patent > for the same have
been issued by the Governor of maid Toiritoiy, Mich sales
shall be denied valid, and the titles to the lands so told
shall be, and aie heieby, confirmed to the patentees, their
heirs and loyal representative'*: Provided, That this pro-
vision shall be confined merely am quit-el um ot anj title
now mnanimj! in the United States, and 5hall not in any
way aliect or impair any legal or equitable mteie-t vested
in liny third persons, oi claimed by virtue oi any pteeinption
laws of the United States: And piorided, That any lands
lawfully taken undei this grant shall be excepted fiom the
land.s gmntcd under this act.
Mr. GREEN. I will explain the amendment.
The section to which it is offered is the one mak-
ing a grant of two sections of land in each town-
ship, for the support of schools. It says that the
sixtecnthandthirty-sixthsoctionsshull be granted
to the State. It reads thus:
Sections numbered sixteen and thirty-six in every town-
ship of public lands m «aid State; and where either of said
sections, or any part thereof, has been sold or otherwise
been disposed of, other lands equivalent thereto and as con-
tiguous as may be, Khali be gianted to t,aui State, for the
Ufce of schools.
Now, that provision is right; hut I must give a
little history. In the organic act of Kansas there
was a similar provision, that sections sixteen and
thirty-six should be reserved for schools, to be
disposed of by the Territory or future State.
Under that grant, the Terntoi y went to work and
did dispose of them. Now, if this bill passes
without my qualification, they will get four sec-
tions out of every thirty-six, which no State in
the Union ever did receive. All the old new States
(which looks like a solecism)—the first admitted
new States—received butonesection in thirty-six.
To the latter we have given two .sections m thirty-
six. I do not object to that; but, under the pe-
culiar phraseology of the Kansas bill, it being
reserved for the use of the Territory, the Terri-
tory went to work and sold the land; and it is now
occupied, and the people have paid for it, and the
money ism the territorial treasury, and the schools
enjoy the benefit of it this day and this hour. I
wish, therefore, this amendment simply to quit-
claim, so far as the Government of the United
States is concerned, to that extent, and as far as
th<5y have sold, to reserve it from the sections we
hereby grant. Otherwise you will grant four sec-
tions out of thirty-six, ancl ruin a policy which
the Government of the United States has uniformly
pursued.
I submit to the Senate whether that is not right.
I shall not laise the legal question as to the right
of the Teriitory to sell the land under the terri-
torial bill; but it has been given as a legal opin-
ion, by the highest legal authority in the United
Srates, that it was legal. It was reserved for the
" use of the Territory or future State." In all the
territorial bills which I have drawn and reported
to the Senate since my attention was called to that
point, I have specially stricken out "the Terri-
tory" in that clause. 1 do not allow the Territory
to sell and dispose of the land ; but in Kansas they
had the power; they cxercised the power, and
have sold the lands. Now, having sold them,
and the Territory having the benefit of the sale,
I am not willing that the State should have an
additional benefit equivalent to it; because the
State, as the administrator or heir, will take all
that the Territory had; and to let them have the
two sections which the Territory has already sold,
and then two more sections under this bill, would
be very unjust. I am willing to confirm the sales
that were made that were legal. Wherever they
were legal, I say confirm them. They have given
the benefit of the money, the interest of which is
applied now to the public schools of the Territory;
but except that out from the amount to be granted
on the face of the bill as it now stands. I submit
whether that is not right.
Mr. DOUGLAS. 1 will ask the Senator
whether there has been any land sold except one
section of a township in the county of Atchison ?
Have not the sales been confined to that one town-
ship ?
Mr. GREEN. Not at all. I am told that two
thirds of the school sections in the Territory have
been sold. That is my information.
Mr. DOUGLAS. My information is, that these
sales have been confined to that one township;
and also, I am very clcar (but on that point 1 want
to turn to the language of the law) that the Ter-
ritorial Legislature had no power to sell the land
at all. There was a reservation to the United
States of the lands, for the purpose of being ap-
plied to schools. There was no grant of land to
the Territory—no grant to the State. They were
reserved in order to be granted; but it required
future legislation for the purpose. I think the
language in this bill must be considered to mean
sales by the United States, because a reservation
was made to the United States; and unless sold
by the United States, it strikes me that no land
could be selected in lieu of that which the territo-
rial government itself luis sold. I ask my friend
from Ohio to read the original reservation.
Mr. PUGII read, as follows, from the act to
organize the Territories ofKansas and Nebraska:
" Hr.o. 10. And be if further enacted, That when the lands
in the said Tenitory shall be surveyed under the diieeuon
of the Government of the United States, preparatory to
bunging the s.isw; into market, sections numbered six-
teen and thuty-six in each township in said Territory shall
be, and the same are hereby, leserved foi the pin pose of
being applied to schools m said Territory, and in the States
and Territones heioafior to bo crectedout of the same."—
Statutes at Large, vol. 10, p. 283.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Yes, sir, they were " re-
served" for a special purpose. There was no
grant made, and it was improperfor the Territory
to sell the land, because the title remained in the
United States. They were reserved for school
purposes; and my object was expressly to reserve
them, so that the Territory never could have
power to sell the lands at all. I never thought that
the territorial government could sell these lands;
and I am unwilling to make any law, or do any
act, that will recognize the right of a Territorial
Legislature to sell them, or that will confirm a
title that they pretended to sell. It was a sacred
fund for schools. They had no business to touch
it, m my opinion, and I have had great doubt
whether I would permit them to sell it, even after
they became a State; but I was willing to con-
sider that question when we came to make the
grant. When we come to admit States, we then
usually insert the grant; but the grant is only
made when they bcconje a State. This was a res-
ervation, the title being in the United States, so
that they should not touch it at all.
Mr. GREEN. When the original grants were
first made to the first new States, the question was
raised whether they were not compelled to lease
the lands and hold the title m perpetuity; and the
question that the Senator from Illinois now raises
was then discussed in all the courts. It was de-
bated whether the right to sell existed in the State;
or whether it was not a trust, so that they had to
exercise their power as a trustee in leasing the
land in perpetuity, and holding the title forever.
That question was discussed and decided ad-
versely to the Senator's view. The court decided
that it carried the right to dispose of, to sell, and
convey. I will not argue the legal question here,
for I can get a bigger fee for doing it somewhere
else. In the territorial bill, this land was leserved
from the United States: for whose use? Not the
future State alone. Now,mark: the language of
the bill is " for the Territory and the future State."
If his construction be true, how can the Territory
have the benefit of it for schools if they have not
the power of sale? The use, according to the con-
struction and decision of the courts, carries with
it the power to convey. The Territory of Kansas
has exercised this power; and there is high judi-
cial authority for it. i shall neither decide one
way or the other, for I do not care about it; Uwt
if it should be finally decided that the title thus
conveycd is valid, 1 want to except out of this
grant an equivalent. Whatever they have sold
and conveyed, which may be determined by legal
authority to be valid, I propose to except out of
the grant hereby made; I do not propose to affirm
the sale to be just or unjust; I do not propose to
say that the sale was light or wrong; but 1 do
propose to confirm the title of these men who, in
good faith, have paid their money, and the Ter-
ritory has loaned it out, and has had the interest
to support the schools to educate the children.
This proposition of mine is a bill of the House
of Representatives for that very purpose, with a
little amendment I put on to this effect: that what-
ever passes under it shall be excepted out of the
grant made to the State. This amendment is a
separate bill which passed the House, and I move
ithere as an amendment to this bill. The House,
therefore, have already said they will confirm it.
If the House confirm it, and the Senate agree to'
the bill, are you going to grant the State two more
additional sections? Yet the language here em-
ployed would carry two more additional sections.
It says: " And where either of said sections, or
any part thereof, has been sold or otherwise dis-
posed of, other lands equivalent thereto shall be
given." If the Temtoiy has sold them and dis-
posed of them, or the United States gave them to
the Territory and they have sold and disposed of
them, we have got to give them two more sections
in lieu thereof. They are disposed of by the
United States, if they are given to the Territory,
and the Territory sells them. So I say nothing
but an exception or a proviso can save this from
having that double opeiation. There is nobody
who desires that. Ail that anybody desires would
be that two sections in each township should be
given to public schools; arid if the Territory has
sold them, and has the money m the county treas-
ury, bearing interest, supporting schools, educat-
ing- children, that ought to meet that branch of
the case as far as it goes.
Mr. PUGH. I ask the Senator from Missouri
whether there are any sales or grants made of
either of these sections, sixteen or thirty-six,
beyond those embraced in this joint resolution,
approved March 3, 1857:
A resolution relative to sections sixteen and thirty-six in
the Territoiies ot Minnesota, Kansas, and Nebraska.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives of
the United States of America in Congress assembled, That,
where any settlements, by the erection of a dwelling-house
or the cultivation of any portion of the land, shall have
been, or shall be, made upon the sixteenth or thirty-sixth
sections (which sections have been resei ved by law for the
purpose of being applied to the support of schools in the
Teiritories of Minnesota, Kansas, and Nebia>'ka, and m
the States and Temtories hereafter to be erected out of the
same) before the said sections shall have been, oi -hall
be, surveyed; or when such sections have been, or may be^
selected or occupied as town sites, under and by virtue ot
the act of Congress appiovcd 23d of May, lt*44, or reserved
fot public uses before the survey, then other landsshal! be
selected by the proper authorities, in lieu thereof, agree-
ably to the provisions ol the act of Congress approved 20th
May, 1826, entitled " An act to appropiiate lands lor the
support ot schools in certain township:? and fractional town-
ships not before ptovided tor;" and if such settler can
bung himself or herself witlnn the pioviMons of the act of
4th September. 1841, oi the occupants of the town site be
enabled to show a compliance with the provisions of the
law of 23d of May, 1841, then the right of preference granted
by the said act**, in the purchase of such portion of the six-
teenth or thirty-sixth sections, so settled and occupied,
shall be in them, respectively, as if such sections had not
been previously reserved tor school puiposes.—Statutes at
Large, vol. 11, p. 331.
Now I understand from the Delegate that, un-
der this joint resolution, where^ection thirty-six
or section sixteen had been occupied byapie-
emptor, or occupicd by a town site, other selec-
tions were made according to the Kansas-Ne-
braska act, and that only sections sixteen and
thirty-six were sold where they were thus oecu-
