1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1431
I
hand; but the time we have remaining will not
allow me to go into a consideration of it, or to
read it to the House. Suffice it to say that the
objections the Secretary of the Interior puts forth
in that letter were made in the Senate, and they
were fully met and answered by two able and dis-
tinguished Senators—if I may be permitted to
transgress the rules so far as to mention them—
by Senator B&NjAMiNand Senator Pearce. They
showed that, so far from the fees of the clerks
and marshals being raised to the enormous extent
suggested in the letter of the Secretary of the In-
terior* they were largely cut down by the act of
1-853, and most of the abuses of which he speaks
were then corrected. They showed, however,
that the obligations under that law, of the clerks,
marshals, and others, to come here to present
their accounts, rendered it very difficult in many
localities to fill these offices; and that in many
cases they could not be filled at all by competent
ersons. It was shown in that discussion that
y the operation of this bill, if it should become
a law, the compensation of these officers would
not, m most cases, go beyond the maximum now
received by them under the existing law. I say
the bill was fuily discussed by Senator Benjamin
and others, and was then passed by the Senate
by a vote of 25 to 18, which, as I contend, is a
prima facie circumstance in favor of the correct-
ness of this bill.
When the bill came to this House it was re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary; and,
so far as I was concerned, I endeavored to give it
the best consideration and examination in m.y
power. The report of that committee was ordered
to be printed by the House. I will maintain, for
instance, that the pay of the clerk of the criminal
court of the District of Columbia is most unwar-
rantably and unreasonably cut down. I maintain
that he is entitled toa fair compensation from this
Government. But I have no time to go into any
discussion of the matter.
The question was taken; and the bill was laid
on the table.
PATENT LAWS.
Mr. COX. I now call up the report of the com-
mittee of conference on Senate bill No. 10, to
amend the act for the promotion of the useful arts.
The report was read, as follows:
The committee of conference, on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses, on the amendments to Senate bill No.
10, entitled, " An act in addition to an act to promote the
progress of the u«efui arts,"' having met, after lull and free
confeience,have agi^ed to recommend, and do recommend,
to their respective Houses, as follows:
Strike out ali aftei the woid that," in the sixteenth sec-
tion, and insen m lieu thereof the following:
All patents hereafter granted shall remain m force for the
term ol seventeen yeais from the date ot the i*.-ue, and any
extension of hueh patents is hereby prohibited.
Mr. COX. I move to concur m the report of
the committee of conference; and call for the pre-
vious question on the motion.
Mr. HOARD. 1 rise to a question of order on
the reception of that report.
Several Members. Read the report again.
Mr. COX. 1 will state for the information of
gentlemen that the report simply provides that
patents may run seventeen years, and then there
shall be no extension.
Mr. CAREY. I want the section read which
it is proposed to strike out.
The Clerk read, as follows:
" Sec. 16.  £>«/ be it farther cnacied, That there «halJ be no
extension of any patent, when it shall appear to the Com-
missioner that the profits of the sale ot such patent, includ-
ing sales made b> the assignee or assignees of the invention
fehatl amount to $100,000."
Mr. HOARD. Now, Mr. Speaker, I rise to a
question of order. It is that the disagreement
between the two Houses has not been composed
by the report of the committee of conference.
They have acted outside the matter referred to
them by the two Houses. The state of the case
is precisely this: this House passed a provision
declaring that no extension of any patent shall
heieaftei be granted when the profits on the sales
shall exceed $100,000, including the sales made
both by the patentee and assignee. The Senate
proposed to amend that amendment so as to pro-
vide that no extension shall be granted when the
profits of the patentee,exclusive of the sales made
by the assignee, shall exceed $100,000.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman can state his
question of order; but he must not make an ar-
gument.
Mr. HOARD. My point of order is, that the
committee of conference have acted outside the
matter referred to them, and have proposed new
legislation.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands that
the Senate have received the report of the com-
mittee of conference and accepted it. He does not
now see what action the House can take in the
matter, except to affirm or disaffirm it.
Mr. HOARD. I wish to state further my point
of order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman may state it,
but he cannot argue it.
Mr. HOARD. What I desire to say is this: that
the action of the two Houses was only in refer-
ence to existing patents, and that was all that was
referred to the committee of conference. But they
have stricken out all in reference to existing pat-
ents, and provided that new patents may be granted
for a term of seventeen years, and that there shall
be no extension after that.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I rise to a
question of order. The gentleman is not making
apointof order, but a speech. I ask that he shall
state his question of order, and let the Chair de-
cide it.
Mr. HOARD. I have stated my point of order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not see any
thing in the point of order.
_ Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Now, I de-
sire to make a single statement in reference to this
report. I do not think the House understands it.
Mr. COX. I think the House does understand
it, and I have called the previous question on its
adoption.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. If the gen-
tleman will allow me for a minute; I was a
member of the committee of conference and I will
explain precisely how it stands.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order. The
gentleman from Ohio haa demanded the previous
question.
Mr. COX. And I hope the question will be
taken without delay. If the bill is to become a
law, the report must be acted on immediately.
Mr. HOARD. What does the Speaker do with
my question of order?
The SPEAKER. The Chair has overruled
the gentleman's question of order at least three
times.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope that
the gentleman from Ohio will withdraw his de-
mand for the previous question until I can ex-
plain to the llouse how this matter stands.
[Cries of   Order'"]
Mr. COX. If wego into a debate, we will lose
this valuable bill. The President will sign it if
it is passed in time. [Cries of "Order!"] I decline
to withdraw the demand for the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope, then, j
that the demand for the previous question will not
be seconded.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I move that the report of the
committee of conference be laid upon the table.
Mr. COX. This is a valuable bill, and ought
to be saved.
Mr. CAREY. I say that it is not a valuable
bill, and I demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. LOVEJOY demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered ; Messrs. Loyejoy and
Florence were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers reported
—ayes 53, noes 71.
So the House refused to lay the report upon the
table.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I demand the yeas and nays
on the adoption of the report.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Let the reportberead.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I object to the read-
ing of the report. It has been read three or four
times.
The SPEAKER. The report cannot be read;
objection being made.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 103, nays 54; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Green Adams, Adrain, Aldrich, Barr,
Barret, Brabson, Brayton, Briggs, Bristow, Buffinton,
Bmch, Builmgame, Burnett, Burnhain, Campbell. Carter,
Case, John B. Clark, John Cochrane, Colfax, Cox, James
Craig, Curtis, II. Winter Davis. John'G. Davis, Dawes, i>e
Jamette,Dunn, Edgwton, Edmundsori, Ely, English, Ether-
idge, Fenton, Ferry, Florence, Foster, Frank, French, Gar-
Guriey, Hale, Hall, Hatton, Hickman, Hoard,
William Howard, Humphrey, Kenyan, fcillinger, Kunkel,
Larrabee, James M. Leach, Mallory, Marston, Elbert S.
Martin, Maynard,McKean, MeKnight, Moorhead, Morrill,
Edward Joy Morris, Isaac N. Morris, Morse, Nelson, Nib-
lack. Nixon, Palmer, Pettit, Peyton, Porter, Potter, JPryor,
Q.uarles, Riggs, Christopher Robinson, James C. Robinson.
Royee, Sickles, William N.H. Smith, Sornes, James A.
Stewart, William Stewart, Stout, Stratton, Tappan,
Thayer, Tompkins, Vallandigham, Vance, Vandever; Van
Wyek, Verree, Wade, Walton, Ellihu B. Washburne.
Whiteley, Wilson, Windom,Wood, Woodruff, and Wood-
son—103.
NAYS—Messrs. William C. Anderson, Avery, Beate
Bingham, Blake, Bocock, Branch, Butterfteld, Carey, Hor-
ace P. Clark, Coburn, Conway,Eliot, Farnsworth, Fouke,
Graham, Grow, John T. Harris, Heimick, Holman, Wil-
liam A. Howard, Hughes, Hutchins, IrvinepJunkin, Fran-
cis W. Kellogg, DeWitt C. Leach, Lee, Loomis,I ovejoy,
McClernand, McKenty, Mcpherson, Mill&on, Noell, Olfn,
Perry, Phelps, Pottle, Edwin Jt. Reynolds, Ruffin, Sedg-
wick, Sherman, Spaulding, Spinner, Stanton, Stevens,
Stokes, Thomas, Train, Trimble, Waldron, Cadwaiader
C. Washburn, and Wells—54.
So the report was adopted.
During the vote,
Mr. SHERMAN said: I ask the unanimous
consent of the House to take up and pass a joint
resolution which has just come from the Senate.
It is a resolution to correct certain errors of the
engrossing clerks of the Senate. 1 hope there
will be no objection. It passed the Senate unan-
imously.
Mr. feARR. I object.
Mr. SHERMAN, i move, then, the usual
resolution: that a committee of three be appointed
by the Speaker to join such committee as may be
appointed on the partof the Senate, to wait upon
the President of the United States, and inquire
whether he has any further communication to
make to the two Houses, as they are about to
adjourn sine die.
There was no objection, and the motion was
agreed to.
TheSpeakerappointedMessrs.SnERMAN,ETH-
eridge, and Bocock, the committee on the part of
the House.
Mr. STEWART, of Maryland. I ask the
unanimous consent of the House for leave to pub-
lish in the Globe remarks upon the report of the
select committee, of thirty-three. I was absent
during the discussion of that report, and, since
my return, I have had no opportunity of address-
ing the House on the subject.
There was.no objection; and it was so ordered.
[His remarks will be published in the Appendix.]
Mr. 1VJORRILL. I move to dispense with the
reading of the list.
Mr. THOMAS. I object.
The vote was announced as above recorded.
Mr. COX moved to reconsider the vote by which
the report was adopted; and also moved that the
motion to reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
DUTIES ON IMPORTS AND TONNAGE.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I ask unanimous
consent of the House to take up and put upon
its passage Senate bill No. 215, to amend the pro-
visions of the fifty-sixth section of an act entitled
" An act to regulate the collection of duties on
imports and tonnage," approved March 2, 1799.
There was no objection.
Mr. HUTCHINS. This, in theory, at least,
is a deliberative body,and we ought to know what
is going on.
Mr. THOMAS. How does this bill get before
the House ?
The SPEAKER. By unanimous consent.
Mr. THOMAS. I object. [Cries of " Too
late!"]
The bill was read. It provides that whenever
any goods, wares, or merchandise, shall be im-
ported into any port of the United States from
any foreign port, m any ship or vessel, at the ex-
piration of eight working days, if the ship or
vessel shall be less than three hundred tons bur-
den, and within twelve working days if it be of
three hundred tons burden and less than eight
hundred, and within fifteen days if it be of eight
hundred tons burden and upwards, after the time
within which the report of the master or person
having charge or command is required to be made
to the collector of the district, if there shall be
found any goods, wares, or merchandise, other
than shall have been reported for some other dis-
trict, or some foreign port or place, the collector
