1432
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
shall take possession thereof; but with the con-
sent of the owner or consignee of any goods,
wares, or merchandise, or with the consent of the
owner or master of the vessel in which they may
be imported, the goods, wares, or merchandise,
may be taken possession of by the collector, after
one day's notice to the collector of the district.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. The mercantile
marine ask for the passage of this bill.
The bill was ordered to be read a third time;
and it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid upon
the table.  
The latter motion was agreed to.
WILLIAM II. VESEY.
Mr. SICKLES. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House for leave to take up and put upon
its passage Senate bill No. 463, for the relief of
William H. Vesey.
Mr. THOMAS. I object.
Mr. SICKLES. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, in order that the bill may be taken up
and put upon its passage. It passed the Senate
unanimously, and has been reported on favorably
by the Committee on Foreign Affairs of this
House. I refer to the chairman of the Committee
of Ways and Means in proof that the bill has
merits.
Mr. LOVEJOY demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The House refused to suspend the rules.
TARIFF BILL.
Mr. MORRILL. I call up from the Speaker's
table the joint resolution first sent to us from the
Senate, correcting some errors in the engrossment
of the tariff bill by the clerks of that body.
Mr. THOMAS and Mr. BARR objected.
Mr. MORRILL. It passed the Senate unani-
mously.
Mr. BARR. I object.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to suspend the rules.
The rules were suspended; and the resolution
was taken up, and read a first and second time.
It was then ordered to a third reading; and it was
accordingly read the third time.
Mr. MORRILL demanded the previous ques-
tion on its passage.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; arid under the operation
thereof, the resolution was passed.
Mr. MORRILL moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid upon
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. BLAIR, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that they had examined and found
truly enrolled a bill (S. No. 303) supplementary
to the act entitled "An act to authorize protection
to bo given to citizens of the United States who
may discover deposits of guano," approved Au-
gust 18, 185G; and a bill (S. No. 10) in addition
to "An act to promote to promote the progress of
the useful arts;" when the Speaker signed the
same.
Mr. BLAKE, from the same committee, re-
ported that they had examined and found truly
enrolled a bill (H. R. No. 975) for the confirma-
tion of the title to the saline lands in Jackson
county, State of Illinois, to D. H. Brush and
others; when the Spcakui signed the same.
SELECT COMMITTEE OF FIVE.
Mr. GURLEY, from the Committee on Print-
ing, reported the following resolution:
Resolved, Tliat ten thousand extra copies of the scvonil
repoits and evidence submitted by tlie selcct committee ot
five, be printed and bound in one volume for the use of the
members of tlie House.
Mr. BURNETT. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. STANTON. I move that the Senate be
informed that the House is now ready to ad journ.
There was no objection; and it was ordered
accordingly.
Mr. HATTON. My colleague, Mr. Brabson,
because of an injury he received, has been unable
to deliver a speech which he desired to address to
the House. I move, therefore, that he have leave
to publish it in the Globe.
There being no objection, it was so ordered.
[His speech will be published in the Appendix.]
Mr. MALLORY asked and obtained unani-
mous consent for Mr. Anderson, of Kentucky,
to print some remarks, he not having had an op-
portunity to make them. [His remarks will be
published in the Appendix.]
RICHARD W. MEADE.
Mr. MAYNARD. There has been no oppor-
tunity to act upon the case of Richard W. Meade;
and I ask unanimous consent to have the report
in that case printed.
Consent was given.
VOLUNTEER BILL.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland, and Mr. ADAMS,
of Kentucky, severally obtained leave to print re-
marks upon the force bill. [Their remarks will be
published in the Appendtx.]
APPOINTMENTS ON COMMITTEE.
The SPEAKER appointed Mr. Sickles in the
place of Mr. Barksdale, declined; and Mr. Cox
in the place of Mr. Hill, resigned, on the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. RIGGS, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that they had examined and found
truly enrolled a bill (S. No. 215) to amend the
provisions of the fifty-sixth section of" Art act to
regulate the collection of duties on imports and
tonnage," approved the 2d day of March, 1799;
and a resolution (S. No. 72) to correct certain
errors in the act entitled " An act to provide for
the payment of outstanding Treasury notes, to
authorize a loan, to regulate and fix the-duties on
imports, and for other purposes," approved the
2d day of March, 1861; when the Speaker signed
the same.
Mr. STANTON asked and obtained leave to
print some remarksupon the volunteer bill. [His
remarks will be published in the Appendix.]
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
A message from the President of the United
States, by A. J. Glossurennku, his Private Sec-
retary, announced that the President had approved
and signed bills of the following titles:
Anact(H.R. No 795) for the confirmation of
the title to the Saline hinds in Jackson county,
State of Illinois, to D. H. Brush, and others;
An act (H. R. No. 203) to enable the trustees
of Bleumont College to preempt a certain quar-
ter section of land, and for other purposes.
PRINTING DOCUMENTS.
Mr. GURLEY, from the Committee on Print-
ing, introduced the following resolution; which
was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That ten thousand extra copies of the report
and evidence of the select committee of live, to winch was
referred the special of the Pu'sjdent, be printed
and hound m one volume for the use of the member*, of the
llou^e.
Mr. GURLEY also, from the same committee,
reported the following resolution:
Resolved, That there he printed for the ure of the Tieas-
ury Department two thousand e\tia copies of the annual
report on the condition of the banks.
Mr. BURNETT. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
_ Mr. BRANCH. This report is the only con-
sideration which the banks get for making their
returns to the Treasury Department; and therefore
I hope the gentleman will withdraw his motion,
and allow the resolution to pass.
Mr. BURNETT. That report is not worth
one cent to anybody, but as gentlemen seem de-
sirous to have the report printed, I will withdraw
my motion, though I shall vote against the reso-
lution.
The resolution was agreed to.
EXTRA COMPENSATION.
Mr. FLORENCE. I offer the following reso-
lution:
Resolved, That there be paid out of the contingent fund
of the House the amount of extia compensation heretofore
paid hy the House to thatclassof employ^ and others who
have heretofore received the same.
Objection was made all over the House.
Mr. FLORENCE. As the House seems in-
disposed to pass the res )iution, i withdraw it.
ALEXANDRIA, LOUDOUN, ETC., KA1LEOAD.
Mr. BARR asked leave to introduce a bill to
empower the Corporation of Georgetown, Dis-
trict of Columbia, to subscribe to the stock of the
Alexandria, Loudoun, and Hampshire Railroad
Company.
Mr. SHERMAN. The House may as well
understand that it is of no use to pass any more
bills to-day. If passed they will not be signed by
the President.
Objection being made, the bill was not intro-
duced.
OLD SOLDIERS.
Mr. ANDERSON, of Kentucky. I ask the
unanimous consent of the House to take up the
bill for the relief of the old soldiers.
Mr. MORRISj of Illinois. I hope that consent
will be given.
Mr. BURNETT. I wish it understood that
when the gentleman asks to take up that bill, it is
nearly twelve o'clock, the hour when this Con-
gress adjourns sine die.
Mr. I3RABSON. I desire to s|iy, that in the
expiring hours of the session, I hope Congress
will pass the bill for the relief of the men who
stooa around the flag of our country in the war
of 1812. I now ask the unanimous consent to
take up the bill. I have been trying to get the
floor for this purpose for two weeks, but have
heretofore failed.
Mr. H1NDMAN. .It is manifest that two
weeks ago, the bill could not have been taken up.
The gentleman should have tried earlier.
Mr. BRABSON. I have been trying a long
while.
REPORT OF COMMITTEE.
Mr. SHERMAN. The committee of the
House of Representatives, appointed to wait on
the President of the United States, to inquire
whether he had any further communication to
make to the House, have performed the duty as-
signed to them. The President replied that he
had submitted his last official communication to
this House, and that he had no further communi-
cation to make.
ADJOURNMENT SINE DIE.
At ten minutes before twelve o'clock, m.,
Mr. BURNETT moved that the House do now
adjourn sine die.
The question was taken; and the motion was
agreed to.
The SPEAKER, then rose and said: Gentlemen
of the House of Representatives, we have now
arrived at the close of the Thirty-Sixth Congress.
During its passage scenes of an extraordinary
charactcr have been witnessed. Several States
have seceded, and all their members, with one ex-
ception , have left this Hall. No lover of his coun-
try can witness such an exhibition without feelings
of the deepest anxiety.
I have not felt it my duty to deviate from the
established practice by entering into discussion
on the floor. Indeed, the demands upon the time
of the Chair are sufficient in its view without it.
And it is wise. The Speaker should not be
entangled in the conflicts of debate.
You will permit me, therefore, before parting,
to say publicly what is well known to many, if
not all of you, that I have ever been, and am now,
and, I trust, ever shall remain, a devoted friend to
the union of these States, and favorable to any
just and liberal compromise. '
The report of the committee of thirty-three of
this House met with my cordial approval, and I
have never hesitated to declare my belief that a
convention4?f all the States, to consider actual or
supposed grievances, was the proper and most
available remedy.
As a member of the Union, I declare my con-
viction that no tenable ground has been assigned
for a dissolution of the ties which bind every Amer-
ican citizen to his country; and impartial history
will so decide.
My confidence in the American people is such
that 1 believe that no just complaint can long exist
without a redress at their hands. There is always
a remedy in the Union. With this view, i still
declare my willingness to join in measures of com-
promise.
I would do so because of the ancient ties that
have bound us togethcrunder institutions framed
by our fathers, and under a Constitution signed
by the immortal Washington. I would do so for
