472
THE CONGKESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 19,
delegates to attend the convention, and thus unite
themselves to the proposed State. I understand
that they did elect delegates; anJ I 'understand,
furthermore, that thoy were not admitted in the
convention for fear they would change its political
character. Still, as there has-been so much bad
conduct of all parties in Kansas, I suppose that
might be put in the general account.
I do not wish to delay the admission of Kan-
sas. I shall vote for the bill without amendment,
though 1 would prefer it with amendments. I
think we ought to strike off that neutral tract—
that we can do without any trouble—and make a
provision, not in the language of the Senator from
Missouri, but to authorize the Legislature of Kan-
sas, at its first session, to speak for the people of
Kansas, if they choose, and add this part of Ne-
braska to them, provided the people of that por-
tion of Nebraska, cither upon a former vote, or
upon a vote hereafter to be taken, desire it. The
Constitution of the United States authorizes Con-
gress to consent to the agreement of two States
to change their boundaries. Here we liave one
State and a Ten itory. It will not delay the bill;
and I hope it will be acceptable to the people of
Kansas. It will prevent difficulty hereafter. I
•had such an amendment at the last session; but
it has gone out of my possession, I %now not
whither.
In moving to rcconsider this vote, it is not for
the purpose of voting for the proposition of the
Senator from Missouri in its whole length and
breadth; but it is in the hope that we may be
able to arrive at that result: strike off the neutral
tract from the southern poition of Kansas and
make some provision whereby this part may be
added on the north, with the consent of the Le-
gislature of Kansas and of the people of that por-
tion of Nebraska, without delaying the admission
of the State beyond the present session. Of course,
if the Senate will make no amendment in these
particulars, or in any other, it would be idle for
me, or any one else, to attempt to draw it. There-
foie, in making my motion to reconsider, I shall
call foi the yens and nays; for if the Senate does
not agree to thw reconsideration, it will be useless
for me to offer the provision.
Air. DOUGLAS. If it be true, as supposed
by iho Senator from Ohio, that the mere fact of
running the boundary lino around these Indian
reservations, and afterwards excepting them from
the State, wdl impose upon us the obligation to
pay the Indians afterwards, that obligation is
already incurred.
Mr.'PUGII. I do not say it will impose an
obligation; but I say we know what will become
of it. Hacked by a State government, the people
will take the land away from the Indians,as they
did in the Stnt<> of Georgia.
All*. DOUGLAS. On that point, I was going
to remark, that the boundary line of Kansas by
the Kansas-Nebraska an extended around all
these, and many other reservations.
Air. PUG/L Then it was a Territory.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Then they were excepted
out of it. it makes no difference whether it was
a Territory or a State, for the reason that if one
conflicted with the treaty the other eon/beted with
the treaty. So if the treaty will be violated by
this bill, it has already been violated, and what-
ever obligation we incur has already been in-
curred.
A4r. PUGH. Aly friend will allow me to make
a suggestion here. I understand that the Gov-
ernment itself, or Us officers, backed by the terri-
torial authority, at least the Governor, have driven
the settlers oft once; but we shall have no Gov-
einoi there, and no troops, if they get to be a
State, and the influence of the State government
will be against us; whereas the influence of the
ten itorial government now is with us in preserv-
ing that tract.
Air. POUGLAS. All I have to say on that
point is this, if a treaty, which is the paramount
law over a State constitution, will not protect the
Indians, 1 do not see how an inferior law is going
to do it. They are protected now by a treaty of
the United States which is declared to be the su-
pteme law of the land, anything in the constitu-
tions or the laws of the States to the contrary
notwithstanding; and if that paramount law will
not protect them, 1 do nor see how any inferior
one, that must yield to the other law, is going to
piotect them. "If the United States will not use
its military power to protect them in the enjoy-
ment of their rights under the treaty, what other
guarantees can you give them ? Excepting that
out, therefore, by further legislation, will do no
good; because the State has no right to interfere
now any more than if it was not within her limits.
She is prohibited now by the paramount law, by
the supreme law of the land; and if she will not
be bound by that, we cannot expect her to obey
anything of less validity. All the United States
have got to do, is to enforce the paramount law,
and execute its treaty stipulations with the In-
dians. I do not think there is any necessity for
this.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is moved
and seconded that the Senate reconsider its vote
passed yesterday, rejecting an amendment pro-
posed to this bill, whjch amendment has been
designated by the Senator from Ohio. Is the
Senate ready for the question on the motion to
reconsider ?
Air. GREEN. I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. GREEN. I will read the treaty itself. It
must be remembered that this is not land reserved.
It is land belonging to the Cherokees, who moved
there from Tennessee, North Alabama, and Geor-
gia. They paid §500,000 for it, and they have not
merely an Indian claim, such as is ordinarily un-
derstood of Indian tribes; but they have a fee-sim-
ple title resulting from the actual purchase, with
this stipulation:
"The United States hereby covenaht and agree that the
lands ceded to the Cherokee nation in the foregoing article
shall, in no future time, without theii consent, be included
within the territorial hums or jurisdiction of any State or
Ten itory. But they shall secure to the Cherokee nation
the right by their national councils to make and carry into
cfh'ct all such laws as they may deem necessary for the
government and protection of the peison-5 and property
within their own country, belonging to their people, or such
poisons as have connected themselves with them : Provided
always, Thai they shall not ho inconsistent with the Con-
stitution of the United States and such acts of Congress
as have been, or maybe, passed regulating trade and inter-
coms with the Indians; and also, th.it they shall not be
considered as extending to such citizens and army of the
United States as may navel or reside in the Indian coun-
tiy by permission, accoidmg to the laws and regulations
established by the Government of the same."
Now, it will be observed that this is a treaty
stipulation. The faith of the nation is pledged
to it. This bill admits Kansas with her present
constitution, but excepts this country out; and
Senators seem to overlook the fact that we can
not change a Stateconstitution. We can propose
a change in conformity with treaty stipulations,
but the people of Kansas must ratify that change.
I say we cannot except it out, and make that ex-
ception valid and binding on the people of Kan-
sas. We could except it out of the territorial
bill, because that all depended upon our individ-
ual action; but when it depends upon the State
action of Kansas, we cannot except it out. It is
either included in the State, or it is not. The
Senator from Illinois says a treaty stipulation is
the supreme law of the land; and therefore the
inclusion of this land within the State of Kansas
will be simply null and void. How would he like
to give the bounds of Kansas including the island
of Cuba* Would that be sensible legislation?
Would he say, " well, it is simply null and void,
because Cuba docs not belong to the United
States?'* Is that the way to legislate? Suppose we
proposed to admit the State with certain bounds,
including Great Britain, France, and Ireland:
would he vote for it? It is an insult; and it is an
insult to the Cherokee nation; and as I stated
yesterday, I repeat to-day, the evil effects of it
are very many. Our people suppose the bound
ary to be where the outside line runs, and they
will go in arid occupy the Jands in spite of every
thing you can bring to bear. There are three
thousand people now on these lands, and they
went in because of the loose phraseology of the
Kansas-Nebraska bill on that subject; including
the lands and then excepting them out. With
most of the Indian lands, where there is nothing
but a mere Indian claim, a usufruct; it docs not
make any difference; but where there is a fee-sim-
ple and a treaty stipulation that they shall not be
included, it does make a difference, Take the
Comauches, the Navajoes, the Arrapahoes, the
Sioux, or the Yanctons; it makes no difference
at all in organizing your Territories, for they have
nothing but a usufiuct to the land.
Rut take the Cherokee nation in these Dry
Woods and in these neutral lands, where they
paid $500,000, with a special stipulation that no-
body should ever put his foot there without their
consent: to undertake to include them within a
State makes a different question entirely. You
have no right to do it; and, if you do it, you com-
mit a wrong against the Cherokee nation, and
violate a treaty stipulation. The constitution of
Kansas does include it, and it makes no excep-
tion. It does not put in this qualifying clause:
" provided, however, no jurisdiction shall be ex-
ercised over the Indian lands until the title has
been extinguished by treaty." It includes the
whole of it. You propose to admit; but you say
Kansas shall not exercise any jurisdiction over
them, and it shall not include the Indian lands.
Do you change the boundary. You either do, or
you do not. If you do not, it is nonsense to put
it in, and it ought to be stricken out; and if you
do, it ought to be resubmitted to the people of Kan-
sas, or else you are choking down their throats,
a constitution to which that people never con-
sented. Which horn of the dilemma will you
take? I leave Senators to answer.
Here is a constitution without any qualification;
here is the bill saying, "come in; we take you
with yourconstitution, but your constitution shall
not be so and so." Missouri adopted her consti-
tution, and there was a free negro clause, and
Congress were so particular that they said the
State should not come in until she declared, by a
solemn public act, that that should not be con- -
strued to include free negroes; and they said she
must go back and wait on account.of free negroes;
but when I propose to protect the rights of the
Cherokee nation, now being civilized and christ-
ianized and educated, under treaty stipulation,
being property that they have paid their money
for, we are to disregard all that, and let Kansas in
without sending back the constitution. Is that
dealing with them as you dealt with Missouri?
And here let me throw in, by way of episode, that
although Congress was so tenacious on that point
with reference to Missouri, Illinois has laws to
this day to exclude free negroes; but Missouri
could not get in, and had to be sent back and pass
a solemn public act that she did not mean to ex-
clude free negroes. Here, where there is a serious
matter, where there is one affecting the plighted
faith of this nation, where there is one that looks
to the honor of the people who represent this na-
tion, we say we will let you in, but at thesame
time your constitution is in conflict with the
treaty." I know it may be said that you did the
same thing years ago in your propositions and in
your votes. Thank God there is a locus pceni-
tentice.—there is a time and place for repentance;
but besides that, no man's attention was called to
the subject, else the same objection would have
been made by me, for everybody can see that I
would have done it. It had to go back and be re-
submitted anyhow, and why not resubmit it with
that as with anything else; and if our attention
had been called to it, it would have been done.
Now, Mr. President, I hope this reconsidera-
tion will take place. I want this bill putin such
a shape that we shall not be ashamed of our-
selves, and blush when the chiefs of the Cherokee
nation come up and demand ofus toknowwhy we
violated a treaty and included within a State their
lands, which it was specially stipulated should
be excluded from every State. This attempted
explanation, that the territorial bill did the same,
-is an entire misapprehension. The territorial bill
nominally ran the boundary around it, but ex-
cepted it out. We had the right to make that
exception. Do you say we have the same right
now? I answer, yes, we have; but Kansas in
her constitution has not excepted it out; and if
we except it out and she does not, ought it not to
go back to Kansas for ratification, or will you
not be forcingupon th-em that to which they have
noverassented,and choking it down their throats?
If not, will there not be a conflict of jurisdiction,
a collision, as the Senator from Ohio has well re-
marked, between the Federal and State authori-
ties ?
Mr. DOUGLAS. The Senator now thinks we
ought to treat Kansas as Congress treated Mis-
souri when she was sent back to strike out a cer-
tain clause from her constitution.
Mr. GREEN. That is not exactly represent-
ing me as I expressed myself. I did not say we
ought to treat Kansas as Alissouri was treated; I
