1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1433
the national honor committed to the experiment
of free institutions. I would do so for the love I
beat my countrymen in all parts of our beloved
land, and especially so for the sake of the noble
band of patriots m the border States, who, in the
midst of great opposition, have stood firm like
rocks in the ocean, for the peace and perpetuity
of the Union.
But, gentlemen, I may not further dwell on
these general subjects. For the discharge of the
duties of this station, to which I was called by
your kindness, I can only say that it has been
my purpose to do all in my power to promote
your comfort as members, to deal impartially
with all, and to advance the best interests of my
country,
So far as any success has attended my adminis-
tration in the chair, it is to be ascribed very much
to the kindness and forbearance of the members
of the House. I claim for myself only the merit
of good intentions and honest purposes.
The resolution you have been pleased to adopt
is truly gratifying, and will be among my most
agreeable recollections of this place. I thank you,
gentlemen, for this mark of your approbation. I
could not fail to remark that this resolution was
presented by the oldest member of the House, by
whom I was sworn into office, and one whose
devoted character is acknowledged by us all.
I believe that no former Speaker ever received
more kindness at the hands of this House than
has fallen to my lot. Amid all the conflicts of
opinion on questions continually arising, you
have never overruled any decision I have made.
I do not infer from this that I was always right,
but I do infer that if wrong, the House believed it
was through misapprehension and not by design,
and that it was your magnanimity which led you
to sustain the Chair.
You will permit me, I hope, to say that I am
under great obligations to the officers of the
House for their assistance and devotion to my
comfort. I return them all my very warmest
thanks.
And now, gentlemen and friends, it only re-
mains that I take my leave of you. When I first
came among you, 1 declared myself a national
man. I am so still, I trust, and shall ever so re-
main.
Often, in retired moments, 1 shall think of you
and the many scenes through which we have
passed. My prayer to Heaven for you is, that
you may have that blessing which cometh from
above, and that the great Ruler of nations, in
whose hands are the destinies of us all, may
restore peace to our country, bring order out of
confusion, and union to the present distracted
elements.
Gentlemen, I bid you an affectionate farewell.
During the delivery of his address he was fre-
quently applauded. He concluded by announc-
ing that the House of Representatives of the
Thirty-Sixth Congress was adjourned sine die.
SENATE—SPECIAL SESSION.
SPECIAL SESSION.
IN SENATE.
Monday, March 4, 1861.
Hon.HANNIBAL HAMLIN, Vice President
of the United States, having taken the oath of
office at the close of the regular session of Con-
gress, took the chair, and directed the Secretary
to read the proclamation convening an extra ses-
sion of the Senate.
The Secretary read, as follows:
By the President of the United States of America.
a. proclamation.
Whereas objects of interest to the United States require
that the Senate should be convened at twelve o'clock, on
the 4th of March next, to receive and act upon such com-
munications as may be made to it on the part of the Execu-
tive •
Now, therefore, I, Jamrs Buchanan, President of the
United States, have considered it to be my duty to issue
tins my proclamation, declaring that an extraordinary occa-
sion requnes the Senate of the United States to convcnc,
for the transaction of business, at the Capitol, in the city of
Washington, on the 4th day of March next, at twelve o'clock
at noon on that day, of winch all who shall at that time be
entitled to act a^ members of that body are heieby required
to take notice.
Given under my hand and the seal ot the United States at
Washington, the llth day of February, in the year
[j,. s.J of our Lord, and of the independence of the
United States of America the eighty-fifth.
JAMES BUCHANAN.
By tht President:
J. S. Black, Secretary of State.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary will
read the names of the newly-elected Senators.
The list was read, as follows:
Hon. John C. Breckinridge, of Kentucky.
Hon. Salmon P. Chase, of Ohio.
Hon. Daniel Clark, of New Hampshire.
Hon. Jacob Coilamer, of Vermont.
Hon. Thomas L. Clingman, of North Carolina.
Hon. Edgar Cowan, of Pennsylvania.
Hon. L. F. S. Foster, of Connecticut.
Hon. James Harlan, of Iowa.
Hon. Ira Harris, of New York.
Hon. Timothy 0. Howe, of Wisconsin.
Hon. Henry S. Lane, of Indiana.
Hon. Charles B. Mitchel, of Arkansas.
Hon. James W. Nesmith, of Cregon.
Hon. James A. Pearce, of Maryland.
Hon. Lyman Trumbull, of Illinois.
As their names were called, the Senators came
forward, and the oath prescribed by law was ad-
ministered to them, with the exception of Mr.
Pearce, who had gone to the Executive Mansion,
as a member of the committee of arrangements, i
to accompany the President and President elect j
to the Capitol. |
The Senators having been sworn in, and taken j
their scats in the Senate, the following members '
wrie present: i
From the State of New Hampshire—Hon. Daniel j
Clark and Hon. John P. Hale. ■
From the State of Massachusetts—Hon. Qharles
Sumner and Hon. Henry Wilson.
From the State of Rhode Island and Providence
Plantations—Hon. Henry B. Anthony and Hon.
James F. Simmons.
From the State of Connecticut—Hon. James
Dixon and Hon. La Fayette S. Foster.
From the State of Vermont—Hon. Jacob Colla-
mer and Hon. Solomon Foot.
From the State of JVcto York—Hon. Ira Harris
and Hon. Preston King.
From the State of JVeiv .Jersey—Hon. John C.
Ten Eyck and Hon. John R. Thompson.
From the State of Pennsylvania—Hon. Simon
Cameron and Hon. Edgnr Cowan.
From the State of Delaware—Hon. James A.
Bayard.
From the State of Maryland—Hon. Anthony
Kennedy.
From the State of North Carolina—Hon. Thomas
Bragg and Hon. Thomas L. Clingman.
From the State of Kentucky—lion. John C.
Breckinridge and Hon. Lazarus M. Powell.
From the State of Tennessee—Hon. Andrew
Johnson and Hon. Alfred O. P. Nicholson.
From the Stale of Ohio—Hon. Salmon P. Chase
and Hon. Benjamin F. Wade.
From the Slate of Indiana—Hon. Jesse D.
Bright and Hon. Henry S. Lane.
From the State of Illinois—Hon. Stephen A.
Douglas and Hon. Lyman Trumbull.
From the State of Maine—Hon. William Pitt
Fcsscndcn and Hon. Lot M. Morrill.
From the State of Missouri—Hon. Trusten Polk.
From the State of .Arkansas—Hon. Charles B.
Mitchel.
From the "State of Michigan—Hon. Kinsley S.
Bingham and Hon. Zachariah Chandler.
From the State of Texas—Hon. John Hemphill
and Hon. Louis T. Wigfall.
From the Stale of Iowa—Hon. James W. Grimes
and Hon. James Harlan.
From the State of Wisconsin—Hon. James R.
Doohttlc and Hon. Timothy 0. Howe.
From the State of California—Hon. Milton S.
Latham.
From the State of Minnesota—Hon. Henry M.
Rice and Hon. Morton S. Wilkinson.
From the Stale of Oregon—Hon. Edward D.
Baker and Hon. James W. Nesmith.
HOUR OF MEETING.
On motion of Mr. HALE, it <vas
Ordered. That the daily hour of meeting of the Senate
he one o'clock, p. m., till otheiwi-se ordered.
INAUGURATION CEREMONIES.
The persons entitled to admission on the floor j
of the Senate Chamber having been admitted to j
the places icservtd for them, at fifteen minutes ;
past one o'clock the outgoing President, Hon. i
James Buchanan, and the incoming President, '
Hon. Abraham Lincoln, entered the Senate
Chamber arm in arm, accompanied by Mr. Foot,
Mr. Pearce, and Mr. Baker, members of the
committee of arrangements, and were conducted
to seats in front of the Secretary's desk.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The oath of office
was ad ministered to newly-elected members in the
absencc of the Senator from Maryland. He is
now present. If he will step forward, the oath
i of office will be administered to him.
j; Mr. Pearce stepped to the desk, and the Vice
I President administered to him the oath prescribed
;! by law.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The order of pro-
cession will, now be formed, for the purpose of
repairing to the front of the portico, according to
the programme.
Those assembled in the Senate Chamber pro-
ceeded to the platform on the central portico of
the Capitol in the following order:
The marshal of the District of Columbia; the
Supreme Courtof the United States; the Sergeant-
at-Arms of the Senate; the committee of arrange-
ments; the President of the United States and the
President elect; the Vice President and the Secre-
tary of the Senate; the members of the Senate;
the diplomatic corps; heads of Departments; Gov-
ernors of States and Territories; the Mayors of
"Washington and Georgetown, and other persons
who had been admitted into the Senate Chamber.
The President elect delivered the following
INAUGURAL ADDRESS.
Fclloio-citizens of the United States:
In compliance with a custom as old as the Gov-
ernment itself, I appear before you to address
you briefly, and to take, in your presence, the
oath prescribed by the Constitution of the United
States, to be taken by the President " before he
enters on the execution of his office."
I do not consider it necessary, at present, for
me to discuss those matters of administration
about which there is no special anxiety or excite-
ment.
Apprehension seems to exist among the people
of the southern States, that by the accession of a
Republican Administration their property and
their peace and personal security are to be endan-
gered. There has never been any reasonable
cause for such apprehension. Indeed, the most
ample evidence to the contrary has all the while
existed, and been open to their inspection. It is
found in nearly all the public speeches of him
who now addresses you. 1 do but quote from
one of those speeches, when I declare that—
" I have no pmposo, directly or indirectly, t> interfere
with the institution of slavery m the States wheir it e\-
I ists. I believe t have no law Jul right to do so, and I have
l no inclination to do go "
' Those who nominated and elected me did so
j with full knowledge that I had made this, and
i many similar declarations,and had novor recanted
