1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
President, and who «hall receive the same fees and salary
as the attorney of the United States for the present Teiri-
tory oi Oregon. There shall also be a marshal lor the Ter-
ritory appointed, who shall hold his office for four years,
unless sooner removed by the President, and who shall
execute all processes issuing from the said courts when
exorcising their jurisdiction as circuit and district courts of
the United States; he shall perforin tlic duties, be subject
to the same regulations and penalties, and be entitled to
the same fees, as the marshal of the district court of the
United States lor the present tenitoiy of Oregon, and shall,
in addition, be paid §200 annually as a compensation for
extra services.
Sec. 11. And be it further enacted, That the Governor-
secretary, chiet justice and associate justices, attorney,'
and marshal, shall be nominated, and, by and with the ad-
vice and consent of the Senate, appointed by the President
of the United States. The Governor and secretary to bo
appointed as aforesaid shall, before they act as such, re-
spectively take an oath or affirmation before the district
judge, or some justice of the peace in the limits of said
Tcrutory duly authouzed to administer oaths and affirma-
tions by the laws now in force therein, or before the Chief
Justicc or some associate justice of tiie Supreme Court of
the United States, to support the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States and faithfully to discharge the duties of their
respective offices; which said oaths, when so taken, shall
be certified by the person by whom the same shall have
been taken ; and such ceitificates shall be received and re-
corded by the secretary among the executive proceedings ;
and the chief justice and associate justices, and all other
civil officeis in saidTerntoiy, before they act as such, shall
take a like oath or affirmation before the said Governor or
secretary, or some judge oi justice of the peace of the Ter-
ritory who may be duly commissioned and qualified, which
said oath or affirmation shall be certified and tiansmitted
by the person taking the same to the secretaiy, to be by
him recorded as aforesaid; and afterwards the like oath or
affirmation shall be taken, certified, and recorded in such
manner and form as may be proscribed by law. The Gov-
ernor shall receive an annual salary of $1,500 as Governor,
and $1,000 as superintendent of Indian affairs; the chief
justice and assoelatejusuccs shall each receive an annual
salary of $1,800; the secretary shall receive an annual
salary of $1,800. The said salaries shall be paid quaiter
yearly at the Treasury of the United States. The members
• of the Legislative Assembly shall be entitled to icceive
thiee dollais each per day during their attendance at the
session theieof, and three dollars lor every twenty miles'
travel m going to and returning fiom the said sessions,
estimated according to the nearest usually tiavelod route.
Theie shall be appiopriatod annually the sum of $1,000,
to be expended by the Governor, to defray the contingent
expenses of the Territoi). There s?h<iH also be impropri-
ated annually a sufficient sum, to be expended hy the sec-
retaiy of the Ten aory, and upon an estimate to be made
by the Secretaiy of the Ticasury oi the United States, to
defiay the expenses of the Legislative Assembly, the print-
ing of the laws, and other incidental expenses; and the
secretary of the Territory shall annually account to the
Secretary of the Treasury of the United States ('oi the man-
ner in which the aforesaid sum shall have been expended.
Sec. 12. And he it further enacted, That the Legislative
Assembly of the Tenitoiy of Jefleison shall hold its fiist
session at such time and place in said Tciritory as the Gov-
ernoi thereof shall appoint and duoct; and at said liist ses-
sion, or as soon thereafter as they shall deem expedient,
the Governor and Legislative Assembly  hdll pioceed to
locate and establish the seat of government for said Terri-
toiy at such place as they may deem eligible: which place,
liotvever, shall thereaftei be subject to be changed by the
said Governor and Legislative Assembly.
Sec. 13. And he it further enacted, That a Delegate to the
House of Representatives of the United States, to serve
dining each Congress of the United Stales, may be elected
by the voters qualified to eleet members ot the Legislative
Assemblv, who shall be entitled to the same rights and priv-
ileges as are exeieised and enjoyed by the Delegates fiom
the seveial othei Tenitorics oi the United States to the said
Ilou^e of Reptesentatives. The fast election shall be held
at such time and places, and be conducted in such manner,
as the Governor shall appoint and direct; and at all subse-
quent elections, the times, places, and manner of holding
election* shall be prescribed by law. The person having
the gieatest number of votes shall be declared by the Gov-
ernor to'bc duly elected, and a certificate thereof shall be
given accordingly.
Sec. 14. And he it further enacted, That when the land
in said Territory shall be suwyed, under the duection of
the Government of the United States, preparatory to bung-
ing the same into market, sections numbcied f.ixteen and
thutv-six in each township in said Territory shall be, and
the same is hereby, reserved for the purpose of being ap-
plied to schools in the States hereafter to be erected outof
the same.
Sec. 15. Andhe it further enacted, Thattcmporariiy, and
until otherwise provided by law, the Governor oi saul Ter-
litory may define the judicial di&tricts of said Territory,
and assign the judges who may bo appointed fot said Tcr-
utory to the several di-triets, and also appoint the times
and places for holding courts in the hovi-idl counties or
subdivisions m each of said judicial districts by proclama- >
tion to he issued bv him; but the Legislative Assembly, at !
then first or any subsequent session, may organize, alter,
or modify such judicial district*, and assign the judges,
and alter the tune* and places ot holding the courts, as to
them shall seem proper and convenient.
Sec. 16. Jindhe it further enacted. That the Constitution
and all law? of the United States which aie not locally in-
applicable shall have the tame force and effect within the
said Territory of Jefferson as elsewhere within the Limed
b Sec! 17. And be it further enacted. That the President o{ |
the United States, by and with tile advice and consent oi j
the Senate, shall be, and he is lieieby, authoiized to ap- t
noun a sut vevoi general k>i Jeffeison, who -.hall locate his j
office at such place a* the Seeietarv ot the rntcuor shall ,
fiom time to tune direct, and whoso duties, poweis, obli- ;
gations, responsibilities, compensation, and allowances for
clerk hire, office rent, fuel, and incidental expenses, shall
be the same as those of the surveyor general of New Mex-
ico, under the diicction of the Secretary of the Interior
and such instructions as he may from time to lime deem it
advisable to give him.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I rise simply to say that I
am ready to give a territorial government to the
inhabitants of Pike's Peak whenever that propo-
sition shall come up on its own merits. I think
they are entitled to it. They have people enough
to constitute a government; a much larger num-
ber than most of the Territories had when they
were first organized; but I cannot vote to put it
on this bill; and I think the Senator from Mis-
souri is endangering the interests of the people of
Pike Ss Peak by trying to force it on a bill where he
compels those who are most anxious to do jus-
tice to those people to vote against it. He cer-
tainly must rely on the friends of Kansas to pass
a bill for Pike's Peak when it is to be passed.
When he brings it up in its order, as a territorial
measure, I have no cioubt he can have it passed.
Certainly I shall take great pleasure in giving it
all the support I can; but 1 will not now encum-
ber this bill with it.
Mr. POWELL. I move that the Senate ad-
journ, and ask for the yeas and nays on the mo-
tion.
Mr. CAMERON. 1 hope the Senator from
Kentucky will withdraw his motion for a minute.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CAMERON. I desire to say  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion to
adjourn is not debatable.
Mr. CAMERON. I hope the Senator will
withdraw it for a moment.
Mr. POWELL. I withdraw it.
Mr. CAMERON. I desire to make a sugges-
tion, only because I think we had better adjourn.
To continue here to-day will only irritate each
other; and I am satisfied that if we adjourn now,
and meet on Monday, this bill will go through
the Senate then without any trouble. I am assured
of that from gentlemen on both sides.
Mr. BIGLER. It can go through in the morn-
ing hour on Monday.
Mr. GREEN. I give assurance if it be made
the special order for half past twelve o'clock, not
one word shall be said, and not an amendment
be proposed by me.
Mr. CAMERON. I felt sure of that; and I
was in hopes this bill would begot out of the
troubles of the country at this time. I think it
would do a great deal of good to remove it out of
the way. I want it removed out of the way; but
in order to have it removed peacefully and cour-
teously and properly, let us adjourn now; and
we have assurance that it will be got through on
Monday.
Mr. POWELL. I renew the motion to ad-
journ.
Mr. GRIMES. Mr. President 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is the motion
to adjourn withdrawn ?
Mr. POWELL. If the Senator from Iowa
wishes to make a remark, very well.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion is
that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. GRIMES. On that the yeas and nays
have been called, I understand. If not, I ask for
them.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I want to make a sug-
gestion, by permission.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is the motion
to adjourn withdrawn?
Mr. POWELL. I withdraw it for the present.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The suggestion I want to
make is in reply to what was said by the Senator
from Missouri. He agrees not to move any
amendments on Monday; but he cannot agree for
others, and will not undertake to do so. Others
may renew this scene. Now, if there were an
understanding in the Senate that this bill shall
pass to-day to its third reading, so as to take the
vote on Monday simply on the final passage of
the bill, without amendment, at a particular hour,
I, for one, would be willingto agree to it; but we
cannot make that agreement, as I understand. If
we can; if gentlemen will suffer this bill to be
reported out of the Committee of the Whole to-
day, take its third reading, and stand for the vote
on its passage simply, so that there can be no
amendment offered, and an understanding that
there will be no discussion on Monday-, I, foi* one*
shall be willing to assent to it. '• :
Mr. GREEN. Such an understanding cannot
be had.
Mr. WADE, and others. Well, then; go,on.
Mr. GREEN. I desire to state expresstyand
explicitly, that I do not intend to offei* another
amendment to this bill—except one, if*5ompelled
to remain to-night. If you postpone it on agree-
ment, I shall not move a single one, nor will I
open my mouth except to vote; but to pass it to
its third reading is equivalent to ita passage.
There is one amendment that will be proposed
when the bill comes out of the Committee of the
Whole into the Senate, and that is by the Senator
from Indiana, [Mr. Fitch,] and that is the only
one. No Senator shall be deceived by anything
I say. If we are going on now, and not going to
adjourn, I have a four hours' speech to make, all
prepared.
Several Senators on the Republican side. Go
ahead. We shall be happy to hear it.
Mr. CLINGMAN. May I take the liberty of
making a suggestion to Senators on both sides?
There is but a single amendment to be voted upon
on Monday; and then, without discussion, we
may tak% the final vote. Let that be understood,
and it may relieve us from some inconvenience.
1 shall myself offer no amendment, and I propose
to make no speech; but if there could be that
understanding, perhaps it might serve our per-
sonal convenience somewhat.
Mr. FITCH. The amendment which I have
offered, the Senator from Missouri has stated, will
be renewed in the Senate. Such is the case, but
there is no disposition on my part to debate it.
If the Senate will adjourn until Monday morning,
J shall simply content myself with offering the
amendment without two minutes'remark on the
subject; and I am willing that the vote shaJ then
be taken on that and on the bill.
Mr. POWELL. I now renew my motion to
adjourn.
Mr. GRIMES called for the yeas and nays;
and they were ordered.
Mr. MASON. I have paired off with the Sen-
atorfrom Kentucky [Mr. CrittendenJ on every
vote that is to be given on this bill.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 18, nays 30; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Benjamin, Bigler, Bragg, Bright,
Clinsman, Fitch, Hemphill, Hunter, Johnson ofTcnnessee,
Kennedy, Nicholson, Polk, Powell, Saulsbury, Sebastian,
Thomson, and VVigfall—18.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Baker, Bingham, Chandler,
Clark, Collamer, Dixon, Doolittle, Douglas, Durkeo, Fes-
senden, Foot, Foster, Grimes, Gwin, Hale, Harlan, King,
Latham, Morrill, Pugh, iiice, Seward, Simmons, Sumner,
Ten Ejck, Trumbull, Wade, Wilkinson, and Wilson—30.
So the motion to adjourn was not agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Mis-
souri.
Mr. GREEN. Mr. President, it is proper that
I should explain the amendment a little; and I
will do so as briefly as thecircumstances will well
admit. The residue of my remarks will be of a
ipore general character, and how far they may
extend I cannot at present foresee. Every Sen-
ator who looks at the constitution of Kansas will
see that it cuts off one third of the territory lying
beyond the twenty-fifth meridian from Washing-
ton, and leaves it without a government. I pro-
pose in this amendment to organize that territory;
and while it is true that I include a portion of
other territory 
Mr. CAMERON. Will the Senator from Mis-
souri listen to me for a moment? I am one of
those people who think we had better look at
everything practically. I want to come to results;
speeches will do no good; and I have made up
my mind that the Senator from Missouri is going
to make a very long speech. ["Let us hear
him."] No, I do not want to hear him. He is a
very eloquent gentleman,and sometimes I should
be very proud and, of course, very much edified
to hear him; but when he makes up his mind to
make a speech only to consume time, and thereby
prevents me from going home not only to attend
to dinner, but to other duties, I do not want to
listen; and then the probability is that my friend,
the Senator from Maryland over there, [Mr.
Kennedy,] will make a speech, and my friend
from Kentucky) [Mr. Powell,] and the silent
member from Texas [Mr. Wigfall] may also
