476
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 19,
make a speech. [Laughter.] I do not want to
listen to all of them; and I think we had better
take the word of these gentlemen that they will
let us pass this bill on Monday without any
debate and without offering amendments.
Mr. BIGLER. We can take it up on Monday
at half past twelve o'clock.
Mr. CAMERON. They only propose, then,
to oiler a single amendment, and to have no de-
bate. 1 think it is wiser we should go away to-
day. I was very much instructed yesterday by
what I learned in the Senate, and to-day I want
to digest what I heard yesterday about the Ad-
ministration; and if we are kept here I am afraid
I shall lose the thread of the story. I believe it
is a great deal better for us and for the country
that we should adjourn now, and let this matter
be decided on Monday. I therefore move again
that we adjourn.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Missouri is entitled to the floor.
Mr. CAMERON. He lias given way.
Mr. GREEN. I did not give way, except to
hear what the Senator had to say.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Missouri is entitled to the floor, if it is not
taken from him by his permission for a motion to
adjourn.
Mr. HALE. I ask the permission of the Sen-
ator from Missouri, and I should like unanimous
consent, to offer a resolution of inquiry, directed
to the Secretary of the Navy, relative to a matter
that is now before Congress.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It requires
unanimous consent.
Mr. DOUGLAS, Mr. GREEN, and others,
objected.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The resolution
cannot be received.
Mr. GREEN. No motion to adjourn has yet
been made in order. ["Yes."] i merely wish
to make one explanation; and then, if the Senate
consents to adjourn, I shall agree that none of my
amendments shall be renewed in the Senate, either
by myself or anybody else. The Senator from
Indiana hns stated that bis proposition will be
offered, and we shall come to a direct vote; but 1
do not waftt to vote to-night, because you see the
condition in which the Senate is placed. Fair-
ness cannot be done by voting now, and the vote
cannot be taken until I have made my long speech.
Would it not be better for us, therefore, at once
to come to a common understanding? If we can-
not, let us proceed. As I remarked before, this
bill cuts off a portion of the Teriitory west, and
leaves it without government; and the necessity
for this amendment exists, to all intents and pur-
poses 
Mr. CAMERON. Will my friend from Mis-
souri allow me to interrupt him again?
Mr. UREEN. I will hear what the Senator
litis to say.
Mr. CAMERON. I desire to vote on this ques-
tion. I am very well satisfied that if we do not
adjourn, the Senator from Missouri will talk—
make a speech—and eloquent and able it will be;
hut he may die under the excitement of it. [Laugh:
ter.] I want to preserve his services to the coun-
try; and for liissake I hope weshall now adjourn,
with the understanding that neither he nor any
of his friends will make any speeches iu the Sen-
ate on Monday.
Mi. GREEN. Agreed.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. A motion to
adjourn cannot bo made without the consent of
the Senutor from Missouri, unless he gives way
for that motion.
Mr. GREEN. I will give way if the Senator
will make the motion to adjourn, with the posi-
tive understanding of what'I have said.
Mr. BRAGG and others. That is enough.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair un-
stands the Senator from Pennsylvania to move
that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. CAMERON. I rnovo that we adjourn.
Mr. WADE. Mr. President 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion to
adjourn in not debatable.
Mr. WADE. I know it; but I demand the
yeas and nays. T want to see whether one man
is to control the Senate or not.
The yeas and nays were ordered; "and being
taken, resulted—yeas 21, nays 28; as follows:
YUAS—Messis. Bajard, Benjamin, Biglei, Bragg, Bright,
Cameron, CKngman, Fitch, Green, Gwin, Hemphill, Hun-
ter, Johnson of Arkansas, Johnson of Tennessee, Kennedy,
Nicholson, Polk, Powell, Saulsbury, Sebastian, and Wig-
fall—31.
NAYS—Messrs. Arithonv, Baker, Bingham, Chandler,
Claik, Ooilamer, Dixon. Doolittle, Douglas, Durkee, Fes-
fcendeii, Foot, Foster, Grimes-, Hale, Harlan, King, Latham,
Pugh, Riee, Seward, Simmons, Sumner,Ten Eyck,Trum-
bull, Wade, Wilkinson, and WiUou—
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
Mr. GREEN. I will proceed to explain the
amendment which was read at the Clerk's desk.
As I before remarked, a portion of the territory
west of the proposed boundary of the State of
Kansas was included in the Territory of Kansas.
Being now cut off, it leaves it without any law,
and without any organization. There is, there-
fore, a manifest necessity for putting on this
amendment, organizing that Territory, and giv-
ing them law and order. Gold has been discov-
ered there; population has been rushing in; im-
provements are being made; and I am informed,
on reliable authority, that more than sixty thou-
sand people are now living in that region. I wish
to give them government; and the friends of Kan-
sas may know this: it does not delay the admis-
sion of the State at all. In that proposition, I
have no " nigger;" I have no anti-slavery clause
or pro-slavery clause. I have drawn it with scru-
pulous care, for the purpose of avoiding all con-
troversy on a subject like that.
Mr. BtGLER. Will the Senator from Mis-
souri allow me a moment? If I understand the
Senator rightly, he commences his speech now
under a threat that he will not stop for four
hours.
Mr. GREEN. No, sir.
Mr. CAMERON. How long are you going
to speak ?
Mr. GREEN. When I make pledges, I al-
ways fulfill them. I said I had a four hours'
speech within me; but how much"! shall deliver
depends on circumstances.
Mr. CLARK. I hope the Senator from Mis-
souri will allow me to make a remark to the gen-
tlemen around him; and that is, that I hope no-
body will interrupt him. I had a good time two
or three years ago in making a speech all night,
and I was interrupted by others several times,
and it annoyed me agood deal. I hope they will
allow him to goon without interruption. I think
he will get on much better in that way.
Mr. FITCH. I think the Senator fiom New
Hampshire is under a misapprehension. No-
body interrupted him on the occasion to which
he refers. He interrupted himself to take a sand-
wich and a cup of tea. [Laughter.]
Mr. CLAIIK. 1 was interrupted some way;
I do not know how. I hope the Senator from
Missouri will be allowed to go on.
Mr. GREEN. I hope I shall not desire to take
a cup of tea, as he did.
Mr. CLARK. Perhaps you will want it more
than T did. [Laughter.]
Mr. BAKER made a remark in an undertone.
Mr. GREEN. I am not so hungry as to desire
or need the aid of a baker. [Laughter.]
Mr. President, I was talking in good faith, not
for delay; for while I have offered a number of
amendments here, I have offered every single one
of them because I believed it was right; and I have
not opened my mouih to consume time. I have
not oceupied the floor for the purpose of delay;
and the only single delay which I caused by de-
sign was when I called for the reading of the last
amendment which I proposed, and I did that in
order to give time for friends to come in and have
a fair vote. To press a vote to-night, in the ab-
sence of so many Senators, is not fair. Itistrue,
you may say they had an opportunity to be here;
but I told you yesterday they would not be here.
I knew it; and I hoped, therefoie, you would let
the subject go over to Monday, and we could
have a vote then without any cavil, excuse, or
delay. It is pressed on us to-night. Every effort
to pass necessary amendments proves abortive.
Every effort to get time for Senators to come in,
m order to vote, fails. Underthesc circumstances,
I must speak to this amendment.
Mr. PUGrH. Will the Senator give way to
me ? I have never known any good from a night
session m the Senate. Although I am in favor of
the passage of this bill, and desire it should be
passed before the adjournment, I see that nothing
creditable to ourselves can come from a longer
persistence now. I move, therefore, that the Sen-
ate adjriurn.
The PRESIDING OFFCER. Does the Sen-
ator from Missouri give way?
Mr. GREEN. I give way for that motion.
Mr. PUGH. I will call up the bill my self ut
have past twelve o'clock on Monday.
CHIRIQUI IMPROVEMENT COMPANY.
Mr. HALE. I want to throw myself on the
indulgence of the Senate once more, to pass a
resolution of inquiry before we adjourn.
The PRESIDING OFFICER: The resolu-
tion can be received only by unanimous consent.
The Chair hears no objection. The resolution
will be read.
The Secretary fead it, as follows:
Resolved, That the Secrotaiy of the Navy be instructed
to inform the Senate whether lie has accepted, either with
or without condition, any dialts, or ordei*, or requests, to
pay money to the Obiriqni Impiovomont Company and
Ambrose W. Thompson, or eithei of them ; and if so, the
date* and amounts of such acceptances.
The resolution was considered, by unanimous
consent, and agreed to. •
Mr. PUGH. I move that the Senate do now
adjourn.
Mr. ANTHONY. I ask for the yeas and nays
on that motion. ["Oh, no!"] I withdraw the
call.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.   
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, January 19, 1861.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
STATE OF THE UNION-
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland, by unanimous
consent, presented memorials, numerously signed
by citizens of Baltimore, in favor of the adoption
of what is known as the border State resolutions;
which were laid on the table.
Mr. LEACH, of North Carolina, asked and
obtained unanimous consent to present to the
House the proceedings and action of a very laige
meeting, irrespective of party, held in the tov, n
of Lexington, Noith Carolina, upon the present
alarming crisis. The series of resolutions passed
at that meeting, with the view and hope of lead-
ing to a settlement of our national troubles, were
based upon the Crittenden propositions of adjust-
ment, with some slight modifications, and he be-
lieved they reflected the sentiments of nine tenths
of the people of North Carolina, who were patri-
otic, Union-loving men, but who desired a final
settlement of the issues now agitating the public
mind. He invoked members to read, and give a
respectful consideration to said resolutions, with
the hope that the voice of North Carolina might
be, in some degree, instrumental in effecting an
adjustment of our difficulties.
'riie resolutions were referred to the select com-
mittee of five.
Mr. FLORENCE. I have in my hand several
memorials numerously signed by citizens of Phil-
adelphia, asking Congress to pass the Crittenden
propositions. I am daily m the receipt of memo-
rials signed by thousands of the citizens of Phil-
adelphia and the peopleof my State; and I desire
this fact to go out to the country to show that the
people of Philadelphia are in favor of settling this
difficulty upon a proper basis
I desire to say further, that I intend on Monday
to offer a proposition in the nature of an amend-
ment to the propositions coming from the com-
mittee of thirty-three. And inasmuch as all the
propositions coming from that committee have
been printed, wall the consent of the House I will
present my proposition now and have it primed.
I also take occasion to say, that on last Monday
I submitted amotion to suspend the rules for the
purpose of giving the House an opportunity of
considering the Crittenden propositions, which
motion will, I suppose, come up on Monday
next. I ask if there be objection to having the
propositions I have mentioned printed.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Oh, yes; I
object.
Mr. FLORENCE. Very well. I shall try to
get them in next Monday, and I hope all the
members will be here to vote upon them.
Mr. BARRET. I have be^n furnished with the
proceedings of a. meeting held in the city of St
