1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1439
says that, although that amendment is not pro-
posed in the manner he would have preferred, yet,
it being just in itself, he has no objection to it-in
thatmanner; and thengoeson andindicatesothers
which are necessary to settle this question; and,
inasmuch as those others which he suggests cover
the whole disputed points on the slavery question,
(to wit: to give an express provision in every case
where there is no express provision,) he has taken
himself entirely out of the category in which I
placed the Senators when I condemned their ac-
tion. He does not say what the specific amend-
ments shall be, but that there should be one in
•each case where there is no express provision;
and he will leave the people to devise one; and,
inasmuch as he is in favor of such amendments
as will settle the controversy on all questions of
dispute, he is in favor of covering the whole
ground; and hence he is not liable to the objection
i urged.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Mr. President 
Mr. WIGFALL. -Will the Senator allow me
.to ask a question of the Senator from Illinois?
Mr. CLINGMAN. Yes, sir.
Mr. WIGFALL. As the President has put
himself on the same ground, I should like the
Senator from Illinois to respond what he thinks
will be the effect upon the southern mind of Con-
giess liuving refused any and every other amend-
ment except the one which he said would inflame
the southern mind; and I trust the Senator fnmi
North Carolina—1 will not interfere with him—
may give the Senator from Iliinoisan opportunity
to explain that. What is called the peacc con-
ference proposition was treated with utter and
thorough contempt, I believe, on all sides. Then,
what is called the Crittenden amendment received
nineteen votes in tins Senate, which, in contem-
plation of law, has sixty-eight Senators upon the
floor—I mean in contemplation of law according
to the construction of the Constitution of the Sen-
ator from Illinois, not mine. With sixty-eight
Senators, and therefore thirty-fourStat.es, to ratify
or reject, the Crittenden proposition received nine-
teen votes. The other proposition, which was to
inflame the public mind, received how many?
Two thirds; but how many? Out of sixty-eight,
it got twenty-four votes. The miserable conces-
sion that slavery shall not be abolished in the
States themselves received on this floor twenty-
four votes, and two thirds or three fourths of those
the votes of southern men, with sound northern
Democrats, and some not quite so sound.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I will answer the Senator's
question with a great deal of pleasure. I was
apprehensive, and still am, that the refusal of
Congress to pass the Crittenden propositions, or
other propositions covering all the main points in
dispute, would have an unfavorable effect on the
southern mind, I lamented the fact that we could
not get provisions covering all the matters in
dispute; but I do believe that the passage of the one
we did pass, under the circumstances, will tend
to relieve it, and I think the assurances of tins
message go much further to restore confidence
upon that point. Now, sir, in regard to thestate-
mcntthat the Crittenden proposition received only
nineteen votes out of sixty-eight which, in con-
templation of law, compose the Senate, it is true
that while sixty-eight compose the Senate, in con-
templation of law, very many were absent; and
I do not understand that Senator to say that if
those who were absent had been piesent, the vote
would not have been more than nineteen. On the
contrary, they all profess to be for the Crittenden
proposition; Mr. Da.vis and Mr. Toombs in-
cluded So in regard to the other amendment get-
ting but twenty-four votes out of sixty-eight; it
got two thirds of all who were present, and the
proportional vote would have been much larger
if there had been a full Senate.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I shall occupy the atten-
tion of the Senate for but a few minutes longer.
Mr. Lincoln, in his inaugural, recommends one
amendment, and none other. That silence is very
significant. He knew, and the whole country
knew, that the Crittenden amendment had at-
tracted more attention, and been more debited,
than any other; that many of the State Legisla-
tures had planted themselves upon that as an ulti-
matum; and therefore, when he offers that one
amendment, and declines to recommendany other,
it is eminently significant. 'Surely the Senator
from Illinois did not expect him togoaround, and
attack all the conceivable amendments, and say
he was against them. All that could be expected
of him was to recommend certain amendments,
and ignore others; and he has ignored every sin-
gle amendment that was likely, or thought to be
likely, to give peace to the country. Not only the
Crittenden amendment, but the proposition of the
peace conference, which was gotten up with more
pomp and ceremony, and after long deliberation
by representatives from a majority of the States
was presented here and killed,as the Senator fiom
Texas says, ignomimously.
No one of these things is recommended by Mr
Lincoln; and I say, therefore, that his inaugural
is liable to the construction which the honorable
Senator from Illinois placed upon the act of the
Senator from New York, now Secretary of State;
and justly, too, this language is to be applied to
the act of a majority here, which has deliberately
rejected all these propositions. Suppose it to be
true, as the Senator says, that the Crittenden
amendment would have had more than nineteen
votes if the Senate had been full: he knows very
well that it would not have got a two-thirds vote
of the Senate, and that, on such a question, any-
thing less than a two-thirds vote is a nullity.
But, Mr. President, I say the practical ques-
tion is now upon us: shall we have these forts
taken; shall we have a collision; shall there be an
attempt to collect the revenue in the seceding
States, or not ? It will not do to ask the country
to wait two or three or moie years, as the Senator
from New York suggested, to obtain constitutional
amendments. If Mr. Lincoln intends to use the
power in his hands as he states in his inaugural,
we must have war. If he does not, I think he is
unfortunate in his declarations. If I were a friend
of the President, I should advise him to withdraw
the troops from Fort Sumter and Fort Pickens.
They are of no earthly use there. The only effect
of their presence is to irritate those States. Will
those States stand still while Mr. Lincoln calls
Congress together to get the force bill enacted
which is suggested ? I doubt if they will do so.
It seems to me the true policy for his friends and
him to take is, to withdraw those troops, and
leave the other questions, if there be other ques-
tions, for negotiation. I would suspend all at-
tempts toexecute, notmerely the Post Office laws,
but the revenue laws especially.. It is no conces-
sion to the Government to decline tQ carry the
mails, because it is not so much for the advantage
of the Government as the people. I shall not,
however, Mr. President, further take up the time
of the Senate.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
A message in writing was received from the
President of the United States, by Mr. Nicolay,
his Secretaiy.
Mr. DIXON. I move that the Senate proceed
to the consideration of executive business.
Mr. WIGFALL. I trust that the Senate will
not proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness at this moment.
Several Senators. Why not?
Mr. WIGFALL. I will state why not. We
are now in open session; and though it may be
considered by some that there is a mere imagin-
ary difficulty pending in the country, I think that,
as this question is up, it had better be discussed;
and especially do I desire to say a few words, not
knowinghow much longer I may be at liberty to
occupy this floor, in reply to the Senator from
Illinois.
Mr. CHANDLER. I ask if it is in order to
discuss a motion to go into executive session.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foster.)
It is not a debatable question to any extent.
Mr. CHANDLER. Then I hope the question
will be taken.
Mr. WIGFALL called for the yeas and nays,
and they ordered; and being taken, resulted—
yeas 22, nays 12; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Baker, Bingham, Chandler,
Clark, Coilamer, Covvcn,Di\on.Fessenden, Foot, Fo.-ter,
Grimes, Harlan, Ham?, Howe, Moral!, Simmons, Sum-
ner, Ten E\ck, TiumbuiL Wilkinson, and Wilson—2-3.
jVAYS—Messr<. Bingg, Bieckmrulgu, Chngman, Doug-
las, Hunter, Ma^on, Mitchel. NVsr.utU, Nicholson, PoIk,
Powell, Thomson, and Wigfall—14.
So the motion was agreed to; and after some
time spent in the consideration of executive busi-
ness, the doors were reopened, and the Senate
adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, March 7,1861.
Prayer by Rev. Dr. Gurl&y ,
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
ARMY REPORTS.
Mr. NESMITH submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed tor
Resolved, That the Secretary of War he directed to fur-
nish to the Senate, ff not inconsistent with the interests of
the jwblic setvice, s>uch communications as may be on file
in that Bepartmentfrom Major Steen and Lieutenant John
Mullan, United States Army, relative to the movements of
the troops oveiland to the northern portion of the depart-
ment of the Pacific.
RESIGNATION OF MR. CHASE.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate the following communication:
Washington, March 6,1861.
Sir: I resign the office of Senator oi the United States
from the State of Ohio.
Will yoir have the goodness to make my resignation
known to the Senate and to the Governor of Ohio?
Lliave the konor to be. with the bigbest respect, yours,
&.c., S. P. CHASE,
To the President of the Senate.
Mr. WADE. I move that the Secretary be
directed to inform the Governor of Ohio of th«
resignation of my colleague, by transmitting thre
communication which has just been read.
The motion was agreed to.
THE INAUGtHE&X ADDRESS.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The unfinished
business of yesterday is the following resolution,
offered by the Senator from Connecticut, [Mr.
Dixon :]
Resolved, That there be printed, for the use of the Sen-
ate, the u^ual number of copies of the inaugural address of
the Piesident ot the United States.
Mr. WIGFALL. Mr. President,, I shall not
oppose the adoption of the resolution; butast!*e
Senator from Illinois [Mr. Douglas] yesterday
took occasion, in considering the resolution, tf>
discuss the meaning of the inaugural, and to give
a commentary upon it, I deem it not impertinent
that my views, whatever they may be worth, and
my construction, should also be given to the
country. After the Senator from Illinois had con-
cluded his running commentary upon the inau-
gural, 1 waited to see whether any of those who
were, in contemplation of law,authorized to speak
for this Administration, indorsed or dissented
from his construction; but on the other side of
the Chamber silence prevailed. We have to deal
with facts; the logic of the schools has to be
abandoned; we must follow the logic of events.
It is impossible for the Senator from Illinois, or
for any other Senator to rise here, and by giving
a commentary—a construction of the inaugural—
to restore peace to the country. It is impossible
for the Administration, by dealing in generalities,
whether glittering or not, to give peace to the
country. It is a fact that seven States have with-
drawn from this Union; that they have entered
into a new compact with each other; that they
have established a government; and I suppose,
though it may not have yet been officially an-
nounced, as it is a fact that is well known, I may
allude to it, they have their representatives now
here, prepared to reside near this couit, and waiv-
mgall questions of irregularity as to the existence
of this Government, to enter into a treaty with it
in reference to matters which must be settled,
either by treaty or by the sword.
It is easy to indulge in general phraseology; it
is easy to write so as to be misunderstood; but
when questions have to be met practically, it is
not so easy to avoid them. It is very easy to talk
of enforcing the laws; it is very easy to speak of
holding, occupying, and possessing forts; but
when you come to holding, occupying, and pos-
sessing forts, bayonets, and not words, settle the
question. I understood the Administration to say
that the rump of the United States intended to
hold, occupy, and possess all the forts of what
formerly was the United States. It isafact known,
that south of North Carolina there are but two
forts in the possession of this Government. It is
a fact, about which wc had better not fall into any
error, that' those two forts cannot be held, occu-
pied, or possessed, peaceably, very much longer.
This Administration will, by action, be forced to
construe its inaugural. How will that inaugural
