14.40
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 7.
be construed? Were it not for these facts which
are pressing for solution, it might be that a Union
party, both North and South, might be organized;
and were it not for these troublesome things called
bayonets, platforms might be adopted to be con-
strued differently on different sides of particular
degrees of latitude; but, unfortunately for the
Union-savers, these matters are practical, press-
ing for present solution; and this Government
may leave Fort Moultrie, Castle Pinckney, and
Fort Johnson, in the possession of the confederate
States, but the confederate States will not leave
Fort Sumter in the possession of this Govern-
ment,
I was surprised, I will say by way of parenthe-
sis, at hearing a Democratic Senator use this lan-
guage: " no one can deny the proposition that in
contemplation of law the Union is intact." The
platform of the Democratic party declares that the
Constitution of the United States is a compact;
that each State acceded to it as a State. It is a
compact; it is a compact between States, and each
State acceded to it as a State. The premises being
admitted, the conclusion follows; and sophism
and logic both combined, if it were possible, could
not avoid the conclusion. What is a State? It is
apolitical community, a nation. When nations
enter into compacts with each other, they ought,
of course, to be observed; they ought to be acted
upon; their stipulations ought to be carried out in
good faith. But suppose that one nation wili not:
what is the remedy ? Acquiescence or war. The
Senator from Illinois, calling himself a Democrat,
denies the proposition that there are thirty-three
States; and he insists upon the proposition that
the individuals living between the two oceans,
and between the Gulf and the great lakes, com-
pose a single political community; he insists upon
the proposition that the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States is not a compact between nations or
Spates, but that it is a social compact entered into
by individuals. That is the result of his premises;
and there is no dodging that either.
If theindividualslivingbetween the two oceans,
and between the gulf anu the lakes, form a nation,
then they form a State; and when they called
themselves " the United States," they were guilty
of a solecism in language, and adopted as a name
a misnomer. They should have called it "the
State of America; but they said that they were
the States united, or the United States of America.
The Constitution recognized the fact that these
political communities had not been absorbed ma
general nationality. Oliver Ellsworth, in the con-
vention that drafted the Constitution, moved not
to amend the plan suggested by Mr. Randolph,
of Virginia, by striking out and inserting; but so
indignant did that man become, that he moved to
expunge the word " national," and substitute
therefor " United States." 4< Expunge," was the
word. lie proposed to expunge the word na-
tional," that had been used. They denied that
there was a nation; they denied that there was
going to be a nation; they expunged the word
" national;" they called it " the Congress of the
United Suites," instead of 44 the national Con-
gross;" and yet in common parlance we talk
about " the national Government," and " na-
tional parties;" and men are read out of parties
because they are not national. The language is
unconstitutional; and those who profess much
admiration for the fathers are constantly biand-
ing the fathers with a want of patriotism because
the fathers did not strike out, but actually ex-
punged, the word t£ national" from the Constitu-
tion.
These arc facts. It is utterly impossible to nnx
oil and water. It is utteily impossible for such
a party to exist as once was believed to have
existed, when all were Federalists and all were
Republicans. As welt might you talk about frozen
fire, or hot ico, as national Republicanism. The
old Republican party, now the Democratic party
in this rump of the Onion, took the Kentucky and
Virginia resolutions, which declared, as I have
already said, that this was a Federal Government;
that the Government derived its authority, not
trom the people as individuals, but from the States;
that the Constitution was a compact between
States or nations; and thet each State or nation
had a light to judge of all infractions of the com-
pact, and of the mode and measure of redress
This is the doctrine of the present Democratic,
party; it was the doctrine of the old Republican
party: and had it been adhered to; had it been
understood; had it been comprehended; had it
been aeted upon, this day there would have been
a United States, without disruption or danger of
disruption. '
Then, extraordinary as it may seem to the Sen-
ator from Illinois, I am one of those who do deny
that this Union, as it formerly was, now exists
legally, constitutionally. I deny it intoto. The
Union has been disrupted. Seven of the high
contracting powers have declared, m the manner
and in the form in which they ratified the treaty
of common defense and general welfare, that they
have revoked the ratification, have withdrawn
from this Government that now de facto possibly
—and I hardly think de facto—exists at Washing-
ton, the powers heretofore exercised by them
through tnis Government, and invested all those
powers in their separate State governments first,
and then entered into a new compact with each
other. Seven of these high contracting parties
have vested in a new Federal government the right
to exercise these very powers of peace and war.
These are facts. How are you going to deal
with them ? What is a remedy in one stage of a
disease is no remedy in another. A blue-mass pill
and a cup of coffee next morning will relieve the
liver and prevent one from having a fever, very
frequently; but when the disease is on you,blis-
tering and blood-letting may sometimes be neces-
sary; and when the patient is dead, then it is ne-
cessary to have a coffin, a grave-digger, funeral
services, and things of that sort; and, as I said
the other night, the only question is, whether we
shall have a decent, peaceable, quiet funeral after
the Protestant form, or whether wc shall have an
Irish wake at the grave? This Union is dead; it
has got to be buried; if you want an Irish wake,
you'fean get it. If you want a Protestant funeral,
we have not the slightest objection.
You talk aboutenforcing the laws. Let me sug-
gest to you, Senators, upon the other side of the
Chamber, that if you recognize the seven seceding
States that have entered into a new confederation,
and formed a new government, still as in your
Union, with their present low tariff, when goods
are imported from Europe into NowOrleans, Mo-
bile, Charleston, Savannah, and other ports,and
get into that country, I wish to ask you practi-
cally how are you going to keep them out of this?
If Louisiana is still one of the States of this Union,
and goods are imported into Louisiana at an aver-
age of ten per cent., how are you going to keep
those goods from being brought up into Iowa?
Will you establish a custom-house m Tennessee,
and deny at the same time that Louisiana is out
of the Union ? Louisiana is in the Union or she
is out of it. If she is in the Union, goods that
comc in there will go anywhere else, and being
found in the State of Louisiana, or being found
in the State of Mississippi, you cannot raise the
question as to how they got into Louisiana or
Mississippi. There are difficulties that environ
you all around; and men who reason illogically
must always subject themselves to that inconve-
nience. Had you not better, therefore, deal with
this question practically? You can avoid this
thing of course by having a custom-house officer
appointed for the city of New Orleans, and col-
lecting your duties; but who are you going to send
there > We will admit that it is very expedient
to bell the cat; but which of you, Senators, or
which of yourconstituents,is going to undertake
that very safe operation of putting the bell on the
cat' Wiiomarcyougomgtosend toNewOrleans,
to Mobile, to Charleston, to Savannah? Who
will go there as your custom-house officer? You
may know the man; I do not, and doubt if you
can find him.
The Senator from Illinois says that Mr. Lincoln
hns left a wide margin. It is true he said he would
hold, occupy,and possess the forts; but he also
said that he would pursue such a course as would
lead to peace; and the Senator says that by that
expression he has left to himself the alternative of
determining whether it will be more likely to lead
to peace to take Fort Moultrie or abandon Fort
Sumter; but, unfortunately, Mr. Lincoln will have
a veiy brief period in which to decide this ques-
tion. He has to decide it very promptly. If he
supposes it will Wd to peace to reinforce Fort
Sumter, he can make the experiment. If he sun-
posj-s it will I'-aJ to peace to recapture Fort Moul-
trie > he can make tin; experiment. One or the other
he must do, and that very promptly. If he does4
not remove the troops from Fort Sumter, they will
be removed for him. The confederate Stateshave
adopted a flag, and it is the only one that will float
south of North Carolina, Tennessee, and Arkan-
sas, either upon land or upon sea, within three
miles of their shores, respectively. What is he
going to do ? If peace was the object of the Sen-
ator from Illinois, and he does not obtain it, he
makes no point, he takes nothing by his motion
by getting up here and giving his own running
commentary upon the inaugural of the President,
unless the President has authorized him to say so.
On the other side of the Chamber, there is no
response whatever.
These are practical questions, and you must
meet them practically. A few months ago the
adoption of the Crittenden resolutions might pos-
sibly have prevented the secession of any State.
Even after secession was a fact accomplished; even
after seven States had entered into a confederation
with each other; even aftdt they had placed them-
selves in a position in which they would have to
secede again and come back into this Union; even
after all that had occurred, the Senate of the Uni-
ted States gave nineteen votes, all told, and I one
of them, for the Crittenden resolutions. Does that
look like peace? Does that look practicable? Does
it look sensible ?
It is well for us to understand this matter. The
Senator from Illinois uses the phrase, "this
Union cannot be preserved by war." The ex-
pression, coupled with his first declaration, that
in contemplation of law the Union was intact, is
itself a sufficient cause for war. The Union is
dissolved. The people of seven States have de-
clared that they will live no longer in this Union.
They have formed a new Union. To tell them
that their solemn ordinances are blank paper, is
an insult to them; and they will so regard it, and
they do so regard it. The Union is dissolved.
" Cannot preserve this Union by war !" Why,
sir, there is no Union left. You may have recon-
struction. The States that are now in the old
Union may secede from it to the other, and come
into the new Union, and in the course of time, the
thirty-four States may all be living under the same
form of govei nnient ag.un; but the seven States
that have withdrawn from this Union are surely
never coming back. It is well for us to under-
stand this matter. They arc not coming back,
under any circumstances. If you were to give
them a sheet of blank paper, and tell them to write
their constitution on it, they would not come in
again, and live under this Administration. They
do not choose, oven for the short space of four
years, to intrust their foreign diplomacy to the
Administration that has been elected, and they
will not, under any circumstances. They are out;
they have formed a union; they have a constitu-
tion, and it is satisfactory to them; and they will
not secedc again. The fact is, that the Senator
from Illinois himself has said so much about se-
cession, and has so belittled the doctrine, and
spoken so—well, I suppose I may say—disrespect-
fully of it, that those States which have already
seceded are beginning to have a downright con-
temptuous opinion of it themselves; nnd they are
not going to exercise that right asrain. They are
somewhat in the condition of Moses—not old
Moses, but Moses in the Vicar of Wakefield—
who sold Blackberry, I believe, for a dozen pairs
of spectacles. He took Blackberry to the fair,
and one man told him Blackberry was spavined,
and another said he had wind-galls on his legs,
and another said he was wind-broken: and they
so belittled and belied Blackberry,that Moses said
he began to have o downright contemptuous opin-
ion of the beast himself, and he sold him furgieen
spectacles. Our doctrine of secession has been so
belittled and so belied, that we are beginning to
have a downright contemptuous opinion of it our-
selves; and we never intend to exercise it again.
Other States that have not made the experiment,
may secede and come to us; Mohammed may
come to the mountain, but the mountain will
never come to Mohammed.
You have, therefore, to deal with all these things
practically. What will you do ? Getting up here
and making constructions of Mr. Lincoln's mes-
sage is not the remedy, To have persuaded the
people of the seven seceded States at one time that
the Republican party wasa very conservati ve,Con-
stitution-loving party ,nnght have prevented thcact
