480
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 19.
The SPEAKER, as the regular order of busi-
ness, proceeded to call the committees for reports
of a private character.
HUGH FERGUSON AND JAMES ItOBB.
Mr. BUFFINTON, from the Committee on
Military Affairs, made an adverse report on the
petition of Hugh Ferguson and James Robb,
praying; an amendment of the bounty land laws;
which was laid on the table, and ordered to be
printed,
HENRY WENTLING.
Mr. STANTON, from the same committee,
made an adverse report on the petition of Henry
Wentling; which was laid on the table, and or-
dered to be printed.
MAJOR BENJAMIN ALVORD.
Mr, CURTIS, from the same committee, re-
ported back, with a recommendation that it do
pass, Senate bill No. 376, for the relief of Major
Benjamin Alvord, paymaster 111 the United States
Army; and asked that it be put upon its passage.
The bill was read. It authorizes and directs
the accounting officers of the Treasury, in settling
the accounts of Major Benjamin Alvord, pay-
master in the United States Army, to credit him
with the sum of $14,000, being the amount of
public money for which he was accountable, and
which was lost by the shipwreck of the steamship
Northerner, in January, i860, near Cape Mendo-
cino, California, it having been forwarded him in
that ship by the assistant quartermaster in San
Francisco.
The bill was, read the third time, and passed .
Mr. CURTIS moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
SAMUEL It. FRANKLIN.
Mr. MORSE, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, reported back, with a recommendation
that it do pass, Senate bill No. 398, for the relief
of Samuel II. Franklin; and asked that it be put
upon its passage.
The bill was read. It authorizes and instructs
the accounting officers of the Treasury to allow
to Lieutenant Samuel R. Franklin, of the United
States Navy, in the settlement of his accounts,
the difference between the pay he received as lieu-
tenant and the pay that a purser would have re-
ceived on board of the United States sloon-of-
war Falmouth, during the period in which he
discharged the duties of purser on board said
vessel, provided the sum shall not exceed $598 63.
The bill was read the third time, and passed:
Mr. MORSE moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
COMMODORE II. PAULDING.
Mr. POTTLE, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, reported back, with a recommendation
that it do pays, a joint resolution (S. No. 59) au-
thorizing Commodore II. Paulding to accept a
sword and land from the Government of Nica-
ragua.
Mr. &UARLES. T^bat is not of a private na-
ture, and I suppose is therefore not in order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the case
comes within the definition of private.
The joint resolution was read. It authorizes
Commodore II. Paulding, of the United States
Navy, to accept the grant of land and the sword
presented to him by the Republic of Nicaragua.
Mr. POTTLE moved the previous question on
the third reading of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and, under its operation,
the joint resolution was read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. POTTLE moved to reconsider the vote by
which the joint resolution was passed; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
LIEUTENANT JOHN C. CARTER.
Mr. POTTLE also, from the Committee on
Naval A flan k, reported back, with a recommend-
ation that it do pass, a joint resolution (S. No. 1)
for the relief of Lieutenant John C. Carter; and
asked that it be put upon its passage.
The joint resolution was read. It authorizes
and directs the proper accounting officers of the
Treasury, in the settlement of the accounts of
Lieutenant John C. Carter, of the United States
Navy,to allow him the sum provided in the joint
resolution of Congress approved February 13,
1855, for such expenses as were incurred by him
while acting as purser on board the ship Massa-
chusetts, while undergoing repairs at San Fran-
cisco, California, deducting therefrom the sum
paid or allowed him on account of the same since
the date of the passage of the aforesaid joint
resolution; provided the sum shall not exceed
$955 36.
The joint resolution was read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. POTTLE moved to reconsider the vote by
which the joint resolution was passed; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CAPTAIN JOIIN FAUNCE AND OTHERS.
Mr. POTTLE, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, reported back, with a recommendation
that it do pass, the joint resolution in the case of
Captain John Faunce, and other officers of the
revenue cutter Harriet Lane; and asked that it be
put upon its passage.
The joint resolution was read. It authorizes
and directs the Secretary of the Treasury to pay
to the officers of the revenue cutter Harriet Lane,
and to the heir or heirs of such as may have died
since the transfer of that vessel to the Secretary
of the Navy for the purpose of the Paraguay ex-
pedition, the difference of pay between officers of
the United States Navy and the officers of said
vessel of the same grade, while they were so em-
ployed.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope there
will be some explanation of this matter, because
it opens a very wide door.
Mr. POTTLE. The facts are all stated in the
report; but I can explain the matter in a few
words. The revenue cutter Harriet Lane 
A Member. Let the report be read.
The report was road. It appears therefrom that
when the late expedition to Paraguay was set on
foot, the Secretary of the Navy, not having a
sufficient number of vesselsat his disposal,called
upon the Secretary of the Treasury for the tem-
porary use of a revenue cutter; and accordingly
the Harriet Lane and her officers were transferred
to the Navy Department-, and were for nearly
twelve months under the control of the flag-officer
of that expedition. Captain Faunce asks for him-
selfand his assistant officers the same pay, while
thus engaged, as was received by the officers of
the Navy who were assimilated in grade. The
Committee on Naval Affairs deemed the request
to be reasonable; and, finding that it is not with-
out precedent, they recommend the passage of the
joint resolution.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I think that
that joint resolution ought to be referred to a Com-
mittee of the Whole House.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Illinois object to its consideration at this time?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I do, as it
makes an appropriation. I move that it be re-
ferred to a Committee of the Whole House.
It was so referred.
OTWAY II. BERRYMAN.
Mr. SEDGWICK, from the Committee on Na-
val Affairs, reported back, with a recommenda-
tion that it do pass, a bill CS. No. 145) for the
relief ofOtway H. Berryman; which was referred
to a Committee of the Whole House, and ordered
to be printed.
OWNERS OF SHIP JUNIOR.
Mr. ELIOT, from the Committee on Commerce,
reported a bill for the relief of D. R. Green and
others, owners of ship Junior, of New Bedford;
which was read n first and second time, referred
to a Committee of the Whole House, and ordered
to be printed.
ADAMS, M'KINNEY AND ADAMS.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE, from the same com-
mittee, reported a bill for the relief of James M.
Adams, Henry D. McKinncy, and William D.
Adams; which was read a first and second time.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I ask that the bill
be put upon its passage.
The bill was read. It provides for releasing the
parties named in the bill from two several bonds
for transportation, dated October 27,1859, on con-
dition that the parties shall pay to the collector of
the United States the amount of the duties on the
goods mentioned, with interest at the rate of six
per cent., with all the costs which may have been
incurred in any proceedings which may have been
instituted in the matter.
Mr. MAYNARD. Without some explanation
of that bill, I shall object.
Mr JOHN COCHRANE. I intended to give
the House an explanation which will unquestion-
ably be satisfactory to every gentleman. On the
7th of October, 1859, these parties entered into
bonds to transport twenty quarter casks of brandy
to New Orleans. A warehousing entry was made,
and the transportation bonds given to deliver the
casks to the collector at New Orleans. Instead
of being delivered to him, however, they were de-
livered to the consignee, which was a breach of
the law, and the bonds were therefore forfeited;
but the act having been committed out of the ig-
norance of the parties, and the Government losing
nothing by the operation, the parties paying the
duties on the goods, with six per cent, interest, it
is evident and clear that the bonds should be can-
celed. The recommendation of the Secretary of
the Treasury is that this relief shall be given by
Congress, because he is assured and bciieves that
the transaction was one in good faith, although
it was a violation of the law.
Mr. McCLERNAND. I wish to inquire of
the gentleman from New York whether the proof
is clear that these parties have discharged their
obligations by the payment of the duties on the
goods?
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. That is a condi-
tion contained in the bill.
There being nd objection, the bill was ordered
to be engrossed, and read a third time; and was
accordingly road the third time, and passed.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE moved to reconsider
the vote by which the hill was passed; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
AARON II. PALMER.
Mr. TAPPAN. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to discharge the Committee of the
Whole House on the Private Calendar from the
further consideration of Senate bill No. Ill, for
the relief of Aaron H. Palmer; and that the bill be
put on its passage.
The bill was read.
Mr. TAPPAN. I desire merely to say that
this matter has undergone a thorough investiga-
tion in the committee of the Senate, and in the
committee of the House. The compensation is
deemed to be very inadequate for the labor per-
formed; but I hope there will be no objection to
the passage of the bill.
Mr. BRANCH. I think I remember that
claim, and that it is a very old and litigated one.
I do not think the House ought to pass it with-
out further consideration.
Mr. TAPPAN. Will the gentleman from
North Carolina allow the report to be read? Per-
haps that may remove any objections he may
have.
Mr. BRANCH. I have no objection to hear-
ing the report read.
The report was read.
Mr. BRANCH. I must still object to the con-
sideration of that bill.
GABRIEL J. JOHNSTON.
Mr. NOELL. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to discharge the Committee of the
Whole House on the Private Calendar from the
further consideration of the bill (H. R. No. 87G)
for the benefit of Gabriel J. Johnston.
I will state to the House that the object of this
bill is simply to authorize the Land Officc to issue
a patent for one hundred and forty-odd acrcs of
land, which he entered more than thirty years
ago. At the time the entry was made the tract
was technically reserved from sale as mineral land.
The President had been authorized by Congress
to expose all lands of that class to sale as other
lands, but this entry had been made a short time
before it had been offered for sale. In consequence
of this fact, the commissioner declined to issue a
