1442
THE C0IST GfliESSIOiSTAL GLOBE.
March 7,
sidered, when it is a fact well known that he does
tiot belong to the same party as the President of
the United States, when those who do belong to
that party, and have the right to speak for the
President, and to construe his message, have been
ominously silent. His speech was calculated to
produce the impression that Mr. Lincoln meant
to do nothing. Masterly inactivity is a policy thai
cannot now prevail. Action! action! action! as
the great Athenian orator said, is now necessary.
You cannot-longer serve God and Mammon; you
must declare u under which king, Bezonian?5'
You must withdraw your troops; take your flag
outof ourcountry; allow us the right of self-gov-
ernment; enter into treaties with us afterwards or
not, as you see fit; but you must do that, or you
must make up your minds to have war—war in
its sternest aspcct, and with all its conscquences.
You must make no attempt to levy tribute upon
us; youmusttake your flag from beyond our bor-
ders; you must withdraw your troops from our
forts, or we wjll remove them.
Mr. DOUGLAS. The Senator from Texas is
quite correct in saying that I have no authority
to speak for the President of the United States,
and that I occupy no such relation to him as
would justify me in assuming to have any more
knowledge of his purposes and views than every
other'Senator can derive from reading the in-
augural address. In the remarks which 1 sub-
mitted yesterday, I reviewed the inaugural with
a view of asceitaming distinctly and certainly
what was to be the policy of the new Administra-
tion, and I came to the* conclusion that it wis the
wish and the purpose of the.President to pursue
a peaceful policy and to avoid war. 1 was rejoiced
in being able to arrive at that conclusion.
This was the whole substance of what I said,
or of what I intended to say. The Senator from
Texas thinks that the expression of such an
opinion,and the drawing of such a conclusion
fiom the inaugural address, is calculated to lnivo
a bad effect upon the country, I do not see how 5
It strikes me that if the country can rest secure
in the belief that theve is to be peace, that there
is to be no civil war, that armies are not to be
mustered in conflict with each oilier, it will have
a happy effect upon the country. I am sure that
every man who loves his country, every man who
cherishes with all'eetion this glorious Union—for
I assert that she is still glorious, and dealer to
me than evei—every man who loves constitu-
tional iiboity,and is proud of being an American,
ought to rejoice in the belief that peace can be ;
maintained.
If I am allowed to judge from the various
speeches the Senator from Texas has made re- !
cently on this door, I am forced to the conclusion
that he does not feel, on this subject of preserving
the peace, entirely as I do. He has told us more :
than once, that we could take our choice between
peace and war; and that he did not can1 which. I
do care; and therein consists the difference between
the Senator from Texas and myself, liecause \
do care whether the issue is to be peace or war,
I was induced to ascertain what was to he the
policy of the Aduiinistiation; and I arrived at the
conclusion, sincerely and fnmly, that the inau-
gural means peace. Hence, I expressed my grati-
fication at that result. If I had arrived at the con-
clusion that itmeant, war, I would havedenoune( d
it in unmeasured and umeienting terms. 1 am
with the President, so far us he is for pence; I am
agonist him the moment he departs bom that
po'icy.
'J'he Swpator from Texas is quite right in saymir
that the issue cannot long be postponed; wo ds
will not answer the purpose much longei; action
must soon begin. We may as well look the facts
in the face. There are two forts belonging to the
United States, and within our possession, that
now endanger the peace of the country because of
theirpecuharconditJon. The Senator from Texas
says that, butfor those twoforts,Pickensand Sum-
ter, situated as they are, there would be no danger
of collision. I think so, too. I fear that those
forts cannotlong remain in the position theyaie-
with safety to either party. Fort Sumter could ;
have been reinforced afew weeks since. I am no j
military man; but I believe it is admitted by all ,
military men that it cannot be reinforced now, 1
even by the use of the whole American Navv,
without at least an army of ten thousand men oi.
land to cooperate. I believe it is admitted that .
there are not men enough in the fort to enable one
half of them to sleep while the others are on guard
or doing duty. If that be so, a succession of sur-
prises would weary them out by keeping them
constantly on duty. I believe it is admitted that
there is not bread and salt enough in the fort to
last more than thirty-one days, and meats for
more than forty-tlnee days. At the end of that
time, starvation awaits them, unless you can put
in supplies, or unless you withdraw the troops.
If these are facts—and I have reason to believe
them to be too true—we may as well look them
m the face. There must be action, prompt action,
and that action must be in the direction of peace
or war. Which filial! it be? I think the Presi-
dent means peace. I hope he does. If he means
war, he cannot remain inactive. He has no ten
thousand men to put into Charleston harbor. He
cannot begin that line of policy until he convenes
Congiess, until he asks for men and money. His
policy must be peace, or it is time that Congress
was in session and two hundred thousand men
ordered into the field, and prepaiations made for
war. Such ib the issue, it is an issue that can-
not be avoided. In thirty-one days more your
men m Port Sumter will be at the starvation point.
| Hence, I have a <rreat anxiety, as an American
I citizen, in regard to what is to be the policy of
! the Administtatirm and the j^sue of this conflict.
If the peaceful policy is to be pursued, we can all
rejoice n; a bright future; but if war is to be the
result, I l'orbeai to contemplate, much less pre-
dict, what is In i >< ■ the fate of our country and of
our ehiidn n. This momentous issue is upon us,
and it cannot bi avoided.
The Senator is unwilling to believe that Mr.
Lincoln means pea<'e. 1 rejoice m the belief that
he does mean peace. The Senator and myself
look at this question from different points of view,
lie has told us seveial times tbathe is here meiely
because you continue to eaU his name at the dusk;
but that to all intents and purposes he legards
himself a foreigner. He naturally, therefore,
looks ot. tins question fmin a deficient point of
view fiom that from which I regard it. His af-
fections are \v uh his own country; mine are with
my country.
'Mr. WIGFALL. Will Urn Senator allow me?
Mr. DOUGLAS. Ortuiuly.
M i. W IGF ALL. Mr. Pi i hi dent, I have tried
to explain, se\eial tune*, the position which 1
occupy. 1 am not onieially informed that the
State which 1 npiesei.r here has abolished the
oiiiee of Umted Slates Senator. When I am so
advised ollicially, 1 shall file at your desk that in-
formation; and then if, after being so informed,
you shall eon: nine to mil my name, L will answer,
probably, jf it suits my convenience; and if 1 am
called on to vo!e, I shall piobably <;ive my rea-
sons for voimy, and, ie«.;ai ding tins as a very re-
spectable public meeting, continue my connection
with it in ihat. way. At, present, though, I am
not advised that T xns hay withdrawn from the
Union, and am waiting those instructions. 1 said
the other night—it was very late, and I hardly
leco'ilcet it now, not having slept for some forty-
eight hours,except when I could take a nap now
and then—I said, then, thai in consequence of your
having ichiM d to iecou;n!/r (he seces.-.ion of other
States, ami coiiinmed to (.ill the names of their
Senatoi« whose official withdrawal had been filed
here, I supposed 1 should continue to attend the
meetings uf the Seiure. If it suits my conve-
nience, I ee/t uiily shal I; if not, not. but while
I am up, i will ask the Senatoi whether, us he is
speaking for the AdminmtiaUon, though not a
part of it, and , 1 suppose, con Si ary to what /Eneas
said, fui—though not a part of it, nor
u huge part ot it, (laughter)—as he seems to be
speaking for the Admm-stiatioo, and as, in my
judgment, in11sie11 y inactivity will not do m this
paitn uiar emergency, I would ask the Senator to
say explicitly nlii tlior he would advise the with-
drawal of the troops fioia Foit Sumter cUtd Fort
Pickens, the >\ movnl of the ilug of tho United
State* from the borders of ilie confederate States,
and that no effort should be made to levy tribute
upon a fore^u people? I hope he will answer.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Mr. Present, as I am no
part of the Administration, as I do not speak for
them—although! hope thnt { sneak the same sen-
timents \\ hich u ill animate them—and 1 have no
other reason for expo sM.jg thet hope than what
l-s common to c wry Sa;al<u and evmy citizen—as
I am not in their counsels nor their confidence, I
shall not tender them my advice until they ask it.
Whenever they want the advice of the Senate, I
presume they will submit the proposition, and
ask us to give it. 1 do not choose, either, to pro-
claim what my policy would be, in view of the
fact that the Senator does not regard himself as
the guardian of the honor and interests of my
country, but he is looking to the interests of an-
other, which he thinks is in hostility to this coun-
try, It would hardly be good policy or wisdom
for me to reveal what I think ought to be our pol-
icy, to one who may so soon be in the counsels
of the enemy, and the command of its armies.
[Laughter and applause in the galleries.]
The VICE PRESIDENT called to order.
Mr. WIGFALL. I hope the galleries will not
be interrupted. This is a public meeting, and I
hope we shall be permitted to continue it after that
fashion. As the Senator made a speech at Nor-
folk, in which he intended, as he was reported, to
hang a great many people, and'as the Adminis-
tration may be acting upon that opinion, and as
I do not believe that any of the genuine, Simon
Pure, Constitution-loving, and Constitution-un-
derstanding Democracy of the Noith sympathize
with any such sentiments as he there expressed,
or was reported to have expressed; and as mas-
terly inactivity will not now do, I trust the Sen-
ator will give us a new revelation. There was a
revelation delivered upon Mount Sinai, amid the
muttermgs of thunder and the flashings of light-
ning, and that revelation rccognizod slaves and
shivery. Unless the Senator wants to go on, I
will make a brief comment now on that. I see
that he assents, and I do it for the benefit of the
other side of the Chamber. [Laughter.]
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foster.)
Older must be preseivud, both on the floor and in
the galleries.
Mr. WIGFALL. I trust the galleries will be let
alone. You willbe very loituuate,Mr. President,
if the galleries do not clear the Senate before very
long, [laughter;] and that is one of the things
that reconcile me to my change of government.
The people that left Egypt had been slaves for
some three or fout bundled yeais. I am not very
accuiate in my chronology; but they had been
slaves ceifamly for some centuries. They left
there, and on their way to the promised land,
when they had no prejudices m favor of slavery,
for they were liberated slaves, slavery was estab-
lished amongst them de novo; and it is only those
who are wise beyond what is written, and who
understand the relations better than those who
made us,by whom slavery isdeiiounced. He who
made us, and who established but one govern-
ment on earth, established slavery and the slave
trade; and He said to them, "The slaves which
you shall have shall be bought from the heathen
round about you." That'He said to liberated
slaves. He did not like polygamy, which had
existed among those liberated slaves; but He was
establishing a new government, and He said to
those liberated slaves, buy slaves, and they shall
be an inheritance to your children.
Now, the Senator says he does not speak for
the Administration. I wanted to diaw his atten-
tion to the fact that vnasteily inactivity will not
do 
Mr. DOUGLAS. That is what I said.
Mr. WIGFYLL. I know. As he in the Nor-
folk speech lnul ad\ised hanging, I wanted to
know whether he still thought well of hanging;
and if he will answer that, I think it will relievp
the Republican party from some little embarrass-
ment that they are now laboring under, by know-
ing that one who had a few months ago intended
to hang Abiaham if he should not administer the
Government according to the notions of the Sen-
ator from Illinois, (for in the Norfolk speech he
said that he would hang us if we did not submit
to his rule should he he elected, and he would
hang Abraham if he did not administer the Gov-
ernmentaccordmg to his notions, if he, Abraham,
should he elected.) had changed his views. 1 de-
sired to know whether he would sustain and back
up Abraham should he withdraw the troops from
Port Sumter and from Fort Pickens; and I have
no doubt it would&tieii£then very much the back-
hone of the present Administration should they
know that, in withdrawing the troops, they will
be sustained by the Senator from Illinois.
Mr DOUGLAS. In regard to the question of
