1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1443
whether I would sustain the President, in with-
drawing the troops, or what I would advise him
to do in the present critical condition of Fort
Sumter, I should have no hesitation in answer-
ing, if thtt Senator, like myself, held himself bound
by his .oatii to support the Constitution of the
United States, and to protect and defend the honor
of this country, instead of communicating it to the
enemy to be used against us.
Now, sir, in regard to the Norfolk specch, I ca 
only say that I have seen no reason to modify or
change any one sentiment then and there uttered.
I believed then, and I believe now, that in that
speech I expressed sound constitutional princi-
ples, and those alone upon which any stable Gov-
ernment can be maintained. In regard to the
hanging, the Senator seems to be under some little
misapprehension, or rather his mind seems to be
of that character that magnifies or multiplies one
person into many. I only spoke of hanging one
person, and that in a certain contingency.
Mr. WIGFALL. 'Who was that?
Mr. DOUGLAS. I did say that, if Mr. Lin-
coln was elected President of the United States
according to the Constitution of our country, he
must be inaugurated; and,as it was my duty under
the Constitution, I would sustain him to the best
of my ability in the exercise of all his constitu-
tional powers ay President. I then said that if,
after he had been thus electcd and inaugurated, he
should violate the Constitution of his country by
making war upon the people, property, or insti-
tutions of any section or State, and .should be con-
victed, according.to law, 1 should be in favor of
inflicting the penalty of the law by hanging him
higher than the Virginians hung John Brown. I
would have said the same thing of any other man
who might thus abuse the trust reposed m lum
by the American people.
Mr. WIGFALL. The Senator was only not
properly reported. I apprehend thatifagrand jury
were to find a bill of indictment, and a petit jury
were not to ignore the bill, and a vcrdict of guilty
were rendered, and the penalty of the crime was
hanging, the consent of the Senator would notbe
at all necessary. But the speech as reported in
the Norfolk papers was, that we were to be hung
if we attempted to dissolve the Union, and that'
Lincoln was to be hung if he did not carry on the
Government according to the principles of the
Constitution.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I beg the Senator's pardon.
As reported in the Norfolk papers, I was repre-
sented as saying no such thing. That misrepre-
sentation and falsification of the report was made
afterwards for partisan purposes, at a distance
from the plaee where the speech was made. I read
the report the next morning in the Norfolk papers,
and 1 am very certain that no such representation
was made then. Afterwards, 1 saw pretended ex-
tracts fiom it, containing the same version which
the Senator now repeats and supposes to be cor-
rect.
But, Mi*. President, I will £o into no contro-
versy about the Norfolk speed). I will go into no
controversy about anything growing out of the last
Presidential election. So far as all questions aris-
ing out of that contest are concerned, I have long
said by-gones are by-gones. I am now looking
only to that line of public policy which will save
this country from civil war and disruption, and I
am hnpiessmg upon the other side of the Cham-
ber, upon the executive department, and upon
eveiy American citizen whoso heait and mind I
can reach by my voice, the stern necessity of such
a pacific policy as will aircst the further disrup-
tion of this Republic, prevent oivd war, and event-
ually lead to a reunion even with those States that
have heretofore withdrawn.
Mr. WIGFALL. I beg that the Senator from
Illinois will understand me now, as having agreed
fully to his proposition, that by-gones shall be
by-gones. The Norfolk speech shall be one of
the things that were. If he is now speaking to
the question, as to how the present and the future
shall be dealt with, lam ready to meet him with-
out one question as to our former differences.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I assure the Senator that I
have no other motive m my debate, to-day or yes-
terday, or m anything that has taken place dur-
ing the last session, than to deal with the present
and future, without crimination or recrimination
for the past, I announced that sentiment when I
came into the Senate, at the opening of the last
session. My object has been to deal with the
present and future, and that, too, by a pacific
policy.
Mr. WIGFALL. I have, Mr. President, noth-
ing more to say on the subject. I really desire,
and sincerely desire, that this matter may be solved
peaceably. It is not for us k- say whether it shall
be by the sword or by treaty; but what I wanted
to say when I rose tins morning was, that I did
not desire that the State winch I still represented
here should be put ma false position—of making
a war when we were not doing it. Explaining to
the Senate what I understand to be the real issue,
that upon this Government, or those who now
represent it, whether rightfully or not; whether
this is a Government dejure or de facto, or neither
sl de jure nor a de facto Government; that upon
this Government, whatever might be its chaiac-
tor, devolved the responsibility of saying whether
there should be peace oi war—explaining fully
and explicitly what would be the result of its ac-
tion, and the Senator fiom Illinois having ex-
plained himself, by-gones between himself and
myself are by-gones.
Mr. MASON. Mr. President, so far as T rec-
ollect, in a service of now some fourteen years
in the Senate, I do not remember on any former
occasion a motion to printtheinaugural speech of
the President. 1 may be mistaken in the fact, but
such is my recollection. It would not seem ap-
piopnate for the Senate to print the speech, only
because it is not a paper addressed to the Senate,
or to Congress, of which the Senate is a part. It
is an address that is made to the American peo-
ple, the constituents of the new President, and is
intended usually to give ta them a general idea,
but an intelligible idea of the manner in which the
public affaiis of the country shall be administered
while he is their l'residt nt. When, however, I
heard the motion of the honorable Senator from
Connecticut, that this paper should be printed, I
received it as an intimation of-a puipose on the
part of the political friends of the Ptcsident to
make an opportunity through the Senate of giv-
ing to all the States an exposition of the views of
the President set out in that paper. I have been
disappointed in that. The debate has continued
now for some two days, and no purpose has been
evinced on the other side of the Chamber to make
a single comment upon this document.
The honorable Senator from Illinois, soon after
the motion was made, took the floor,and showed,
by his exposition of the meaning of the in augural—
whether it was right or wrong—thafhe had made
it the subject of careful study. He so announced;
and if h'* had not announced it, his manner of
treating it would have evinced tlie fact. But on
the other side of the Chamber, where, if at all,
we weie to louk for any commentary, or any in-
terpretation of any hidden meaning m the mes-
sage, the whole body is silent. Now, sir, why
this motion to print? 1 shall avail myself of it
very briefly to give to my constituents, from my
place here, my interpretation of this very strange
document—strange, considering the condition of
things in which it was pionomicerl.
Sir, the honorable Senatorfrom Illinois, yester-
day, proclaimed, with some apparent emotion,
that after a careful, and, as he expressed it, a crit-
ical analysis of the various texts—and there are
many texts in the document—he had at last at-
tained the great and consoling conclusion that the
puipose of the President was to proclaim a peace.
I was surprised to hear it, I had read the docu-
ment with some care; I had heard a very general
expression of opinion upon it in many circles,
political and social; I had seen the reverberation
of the public press, not in the South alone, but
elsewhere, on the document:and the Senatorfrom
Illinois was the only source from which there was
any declaration that it should be interpreted as a
measure of peace.
Mr. President, what is meant by peace ? What
is the rendition of the country5 The Union, in
a process of disintegration, has already lost seven
of the States; they have confederated and formed
a new government. The progressive process of
that disintegration was officially made known to
the Senate by Senators who filed—and you have
now in your archives—the ordinances of separa-
tion. It is known as a histoncal fact, that those
States have confederated and formed a new gov-
ernment, established a flag, established a revenue,
organized a complete government in all its parts,
provided for a military force by sea and land, and
that there is not abseu tone single feature necessary
to constitute a perfect, a stabile government, and a
government comprising within its limits fiye'rnH-
jion people, bond and free; nearly thred million
of whom are white. In that condition of things
the President, in his inaugural, as it is called, his
introductosy message to the people of the United
States, tells them that, notwithstanding that ex-
isting fact, the Union is unbroken. That is his
language. Now, sir, I am not going very far into
the policy of this message; but what 1 want is,
to ascertain what the southern States are to ex-
pect as the policy of this Administration,—what
they are to look for. I mean not only those States
that have confederated, but I mean those States
that have not yet confederated, but who necessa-
rily sympathize, from affection, from intercourse,
from alliance, more than all from that great bond
which can never be broken, (holding in common
with them the same social fabric on which then-
institutions rest,) for the policy of the President
of the United States is equally interesting to my
State, on this question of force, as it is to the con-
federated States, where the force is to be exer-
cised. I have looked, therefore, carefully to see
what that policyis; and I say again, that if there
be one.man or one press who has found in that
message what the Senatorfrom Illinois has found,
(a policy of peace,) I have yet to hear who that
man or that press is. It has not been announced
on the other side. They have put no such inter-
pretation on it, so far as they have spokerr? and
if they could speak it, would they not? Why,
sir, if there was the peaceful solution in that mes-
sage which the Senator from Illinois has found,
it would be proclaimed in the tongue of a trum-
pet, that it might go forth and give peace to the
land and restore the prosperity which has been
destroyed, and under which the country has been
suffering. It is the want of that assurance which
causes, as we are informed, thousands of the hon-
est, laborious, industrious population of the coun-
try now to be suffering for bread; and it is the
want of that assurance which places the country
in the depressed condition that it is; and will arty-
body tell me, that if the policy of the President
here was what the Senator from Illinois has found
to be, a peaceful policy, it would not be proclaimed
and joyously proclaimed, by the representatives
of that suffering population ? But they are silent,
and they must be silent, becausc the message is
'a proclamation of war—not of peace.
How did the Senator find it? He has gone
through various paragraphs in the message; ad-
mitted that they were not very explicit or direct;
that they might be susceptible of a doubtful in-
terpretation ofl this question of peace or war;
but at last he discovered what he calls the great
key to the meaning of the message, and which he
pioclciims as evincive of a peaceful solution of the
whole question. He discovered the key to the
President's meaning; and that key proclaimed to
him, as lie says, that the whole intent of the mes-
sage was one of peace. Now,letuslookatit. The
message says that, under the Constitution and the
laws, the Union is unbroken; that he came to the
Piesidcncy of the Union in that condition, and
that it is his duty to preserve the Union by en-
forcing the laws in all the States, making no ex-
ception whatever. lie says that he has no purpose
of violence, or of bloodshed; and I have no doubt
that violence and bloodshed would be as abhorrent
to the nature of that new Presidentas it is to ours;
but does he say he can avoid it? No; he says
that he is required by his constitutional duty to
enforce the laws in all the States, and that he will
do it. Weil, how is it to be done ? He says, in
the inaugural:
" I therefore consider that, in view of the Constitution
and t!i<j law*, tho Union is unbroken ; and. to the extent of
my ability, I shall take care, as the Constitution itself ex-
pieshly enjoin4- upon me, that the laws of the Union be
faithfully executed in all the States. Doing this I doem to
be only a simple duty on my part; and I >hall perform it,
so far as practicable, unless my rightful masters, the Amer-
ican people, shall withhold the jequu>ite means, or, in some
authoutative manner, direct the contrary. I trust this will
not be regarded as a menace.5'
Certainly not. The President here is proclaim-
ing what he considers his constitutional duty; and
it would be a very extraordinary thing that, when
he declares his determination to perform that duty,
anybody should consider it a menace. No, sir;
it rises far above a menace; it is a declaration of
the purpose of political power, and it is to be
