484
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 21,
county of Montgomery, most of them farmers
and mechanics, friends of the Union, who pray-
that Congress will adopt the resolutions of the
honorable Senator from Kentucky, [Mr. Crit-
tenden,] or something like them. I move that
it lie on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
BILfi introduced.
Mr. BIGLER asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
541") in relation to the liabilities of the collectors
of customs; which was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
MESSAGE FROM TUB HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Hats, Chief Clerk, announced that the
House had passed the following bills and joint
resolution; in which the concurrence of the Senate
was requested:
A'bill (C. C. No. 94) for the relief of Augustus
H. Evans;
A bill (No. 263) for the relief of John Johnson,
of Ohio;
A bill (No. 356) for the relief of the creditors
of Daniel B. Vondcrsmith;
A bill (No. 390) for the relief of Stephen Bun-
nell;
A bill (No. 623) for the relief of William Cow-
ing; . . m
A bill (No. 654) granting a pension to Thomas
Bootle;
A bill (No. 724) for the relief of Sampson
Stanfi'i;
A bill (No. 740) granting an increase of pension
to Jane W. McKce, widow of Colonel William
R. McICee, of the second regiment of Kentucky
volunteers;
A bill (No. 858) granting a pension to Rufus
L. Harvey;
A bill (No. 876) for the benefit of Gabriel J.
Johnston;
A bill (No. 926) granting an invalid pension to
Peter Navarre;
A bill (No. 941) for the relief of James M.
Adams, Henry D. McKinney, and William D.
Adams;
A bill (No. 942) for the relief of Sallie C.
Northrup;
A bill (No. 943) to provide for bringing up the
arrearages of the land office at Olympia, Wash-
ington Territory; and
A joint resolution (No. 59) authorizing Com-
modore H. Paulding to receive a sword and a
grant of land awarded to him by the Republic of
Nicaragua.
The message further announced that the House
had passed the following bills and joint resolution
of the Senate:
A bill (No. 376) for the relief of Benjamin Al-
vord, paymaster United States Army;
A bill (No. 398) for the relief of Samuel R.
Franklin; and
A joint resolution (No. 15) for the relief of
Lieutenant John C. Carter.
SECRETARY OF WAR.
Mr. SLIDELL. I ask that the message of the
President, communicated to the Senate on the
16th of January, be now taken up for the pur-
pose of referring it the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, with certain resolutions that I will offer.
I presume, as it is mere question of reference, it
will lead to no debate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Louisiana moves that the message of the Presi-
dent, in answer to a certain resolution introduced
by that Senator, be now taken up.
Mr. BIGLER. I should like to know from the
Senator from Louisiana, before I vote for taking
up this message, whether it is intended to discuss
it?
Mr. SLIDELL. No; to refer it.
Mr. BIGLER. Well, Mr. President, I will
not object to taking it up; but, when it is taken
up, I hope the Senate will refuse to refer it to the
Committee on the Judiciary. I think the subject
has had quite importance enough already.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. What is the question ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion is to
take up the message of the President of the Uni-
ted Slates in answer to a resolution of the Sen-
ator from Louisiana, touching the appointment
of an acting Secretary of War.
Mr. SLIDELL. I will suggest to Senators that
it appears to me to be paying very little deference
to a grave communication from the President to
lay it upon the table, where it is not even to be
considered. The Senator from Pennsylvania, per-
haps, may not exactly understand what I mean.
It may be my disposition to compliment the Pres-
ident 
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from Louisiana yield ?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I will state, frankly, the
reason why I am opposed to taking it up at the
present time; and it is, that, by general under-
standing, at half past twelve o'clock, the bill for
the admission of Kansas was to come up, for the
purpose of voting upon the amendment offered by
the Senator from Indiana. I think that was the
understanding when the Senate adjourned on Sat-
urday.
Mr. SLIDELL. I do not anticipate that there
can be any discussion on this question. I, at any
rate, have a right to offer my resolutions*, and I
trust that that courtesy will be conceded to me.
I now aslc leave to present the resolutions.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
withdraw the motion to take up the message ?
Mr. SLIDELL. Temporarily.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolutions
which the Senator from Louisiana presents will
be read.
The Secretary read the resolutions, as follows:
Resolved, That, In the opinion of the Senate, the reasons
^iven by the Pie&ident, in his message of the 16th instant,
lor not communicating to the Senate at an eailkn day rise
fact of his having appointed, on the 31st of December last,
Joseph Holt as acting Secretary of War, are not satisl'ac-
tuiy.
Resolved, That, in the opinion of the Senate, the grounds
assumed by the Piesident in lus afoiesaul message in sup-
port of lus views of the executive authority to make, during
the session of the Senate, an appointment of an acting Sec-
let.iry of War for a peuod not exceeding: six months, lim-
ited by hi-- own discretion, a e at variance, not only with the
letter fu'd tjuui of the Constitution, but with the tru* intent
and meaning of the act of 13th Februaiy, 1793, to which he
has refened, and, if suffeied to pass by withoutcxpie&s dis-
sent, would establish a piccedent alike dangctous to the
principles on which out system oi Government was estab-
lished, and in deiogatiou of the constitutional rights and
pnvileges of the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
ask for the present consideration of the resolu-
tions ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let them lie over.
Mr. SLIDELL. Very well; then I give notice
that to-morrow 1 will call up the resolutions. I
make the motion now to take up the President's
message, for the purpose of considering it. If the
resolutions cannot be entertained to-day, I shall
call them up to-morrow, and every day until the
subject is disposed of.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Louisiana moves to take up the message of the
President of the United States, in answer to the
resolution of the Senate in regard to the vacancy
in the office of Secretary of War.
Mr. COLLAMER. I believe the time fixed
for taking up the bill for the admission of Kansas
has now arrived. I move that it be taken up.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Hearing a sug-
gestion of that kind from some Senator, the Chair
inquired of the Secretary if there had been any
order of the Senate to take it up at half past twelve
o'clock, and is informed there is none; but it is
unfinished business, and will take precedence at
one o'clock.
Mr. GREEN. The Kansas question was not
made a special order for half past twelve o'clock.
An offer was made for an understanding of that
kind,but it was not accepted; but still I am will-
ing to take it up and dispose of it; and if taken
up, I wish to speak just two minutes, and no
more.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Louisiana.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Would it be in order to
move to postpone all other prior orders, and pro-
ceed to the consideration of the bill for the ad-
mission of Kansas?
Mr. COLLAMER. That is the question be-
fore the Senate, 1 understand.
■WITHDRAWAL OF SENATORS.
Mr. YULEE. Mr. President, if it is agreeably
to the Senate—if there is no order pressing beforfe
i ihe Senate—-
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is a motion
now pending to take up a certain message of the
President.
Mr. YULEE. I was about to state that I was
desirous during the morning hour (though if it be
preferred by the Senate I can take some other
time) to make an announcement to the Senate of
a purpose which my colleague and myself enter-
tain, and which I think might be appropriately
made during the morning hour. We shall, how-
ever, of course, submit ourselves to the pleasure
of the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
ask unanimous consent to make his remarks?
Mr. KING. To do what?
Mr. COLLAMER. We do not understand
what the purpose is. Perhaps I did not hear.
Mr. WADE. We did not hear what the Sen-
ator from Florida did say.
Mr. YULEE. We desre to make a commu-
nication to the Senate, which we suppose to be of
a privileged nature, and having reference to our
connection with this body.
Mr. BAKER and others. Certainly.
Mr. COLLAMER. I understand this is a per-
sonal matter to the gentlemen that they wish to
be heard about. /
The VICE PRESIDENT)? Does the Senator
from Florida ask unanimous consont ? The Chair
hears no objection
Mr. YULEE. Mr. President, I rise to make
known to the Senate that in consequence of cer-
tain proceedings which have lately taken place in
the State of Florida, my colleague and myself are
of the opinion that our connection with this body
is legally terminated.
The State of Florida has, through a convention
of her people duly assembled, decided to recall
the powers delegated to this Government, and to
assume the full exercise of all her sovereign rights
as an independent and separate community.
I am sure I truly represent her when I say that
her people have not been insensible to the many
blessings they have enjoyed under the Constitu-
tion of the United States, nor to the proper ad-
vantages of a Union directed to the great purposes
of ''establishing pishce, insuring domestic tran-
quillity, promoting thegeneral welfare, and secur-
ingtlie blessings of liberty to themselves and their
posterity." They have held in patriotic reverence
the memories that belong to the Union of Amer-
ican States in its origin and progress, and have
clung with a fond assurance to the hope that its
wise plan, arid the just principles upon which it
was based, would secure for it a perpetual endur-
ance and transcendent usefulness.
They have decided that their social tranquillity
and civil security are jeoparded by a longer con-
tinuance in the Union, not from the contemplated
or necessary operation of the Constitution, but
from the consequences, as they conceivc, of an
unjust exercise of the powers it conferred, and a
persistent disiegard of the spirit of fraternity and
equality in which it was founded. Recent events
have impressed them with the belief that the peace
of their homes and the preservation of their com-
munity interests can only be secured by an im-
mediate withdrawal from the dangers of a per-
verted and hostile employment of the powers of
the Federal Government. They are not willing to
disturb the peace of their associates by an inflamed
and protracted struggle within the Union, for
rights they could never, with self-respect or safety,
surrender, and against a policy of administration
which, although sanctioned and authorized by the
late decision of a majority of the States, they re-
gard to be hostile to their best interests, and vio-
lative of the legitimate duty and trusts of the Gov-
ernment. They have preferred to abandon all the
hopes they rested upon the common growth and
common power of the Union, and to assume the
serious responsibilities of a separate existence and
new and untried relations. It is only under a deep
sense of duty to themselves and their posterity that
so important a step has been taken. I am sure that
the people of Florida will ever preserve a grateful
memory of their past connection with this Gov-
ernment, and a just pride in the continued devel-
opment of American society. They will also
remember that although, to their regret, a major-
ity of the people in the States of the northern sec-
tion of the Union have seen their duty to lie in a
path fatal to the safety of southern society, they
have had the sympathies of a,large array of noble
