14.44
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 7,
regarded in that light alone. It is a declaration
of the possession of political power, and a duty
to exercise it, and a purpose to discharge that
duty. But why did he aslc us not to consider it
as a menace? Who looks upon it as a menace?
What thrust that into the mind of the President?
A. mcnace! A menace is a threat, a threat which
comes from one who possesses power and intends
to exercise it at discretion, not a3 a duty. There
is no menace in adeclaration of discharging aduty.
The word is out of place. A power of discretion
may be exercised rightfully or wrongfully; and a
declaration how that discretion may be exercised,
if construed wrongfully, may be a menace. No,
sir; this is not a menace; the President need have
no apprehension that in the South it will be looked
at as a menace; it will be looked at, as it is in-
tended, as a declaration that he is in possession of
political power, that it is his duty to use it in a
certain way, and that he will use it. That is
enough. It places him exactly where he intended
to place himself. Now,whatisthepower? There
is no menace in it. The power is to execute the
laws; and his purpose is to do it. Common sense
would .tell him, and common sense has told him,
as we shall see presently in the message, that thei e
are seven States out of the Union. You say they
are not out; that the Constitution and laws are
still extended over them. They say the contrary.
You say you will execute the laws in all the States,
including those that have abandoned the Union;
and. common sense tells us if you attemptit, it will
be resisted by force. He knows that. Who that is
present in this Senate-house doubts that, if the
President of the United States attempts to collect
revenue in one of the seceding States, it will be
resisted? The President knows it. He says,
thcrcfoie, following out the idea, and speaking of
his duty to oxecute the laws: " In doing this,
there need be no bloodshed or violence." No,
sir; there need be none, provided those States
that have seceded permit ium to execute the laws.
"There need be 110 violence or bloodshed;" and
that is the idea of peace, I suppose, that possesses
the mind of the honorable Senator from Illinois.
The President carries it still further:
"The power confided to me will be used to hole], oc-
cupy, and posses tin1 property and plates belonging to the
Government, and to collect the duties and imposts; but
beyond what may be necessary for these object*, tlieie will
be no invasion—110 uMng of foice again.st or among the
people nnywlieic 5:
Now, Mr. President, looking at the condition
of things in the country, unless there be somrT-
111011 who labor underthe extraordinary hallucina-
tion that the abandonment of this Union by these
five million people and seven States, their con-
federating themselves into a government which is
most rapidly hardening from the gristle into the
bone, who have established a public revenue, who
have established a public credit, who have an army
in the field, who have constructed forts and forti-
fications around those m possession of this Gov-
ernment—unless there be some men laboringun-
der the hallucination to believe that that is all a mere
stage trick, a mere piece of painted paper, to deceive
and delude the government from which they have
detached themselves, there can be no man who
can tell me that the Piesidentdocs not intend force,
war, by this message, if necessary to execute
the laws there.
I am not quarreling with the message; I am
only seeking to get its true interpretation, that
there may be no mistake about it amongst my
people. lie is the President of the United States;
he is ciothed with the whole executive power; he
is the commander-in-chief of the Army and Navy;
they are disposable at his will. He has taken an
oath to support the Constitution; he has taken an
oath to execute the laws; and he tells us here
what is the interpretation he puts upon the Con-
stitution, so far as legards his duty in these ic-
spects. 1 should be\ery unreasonable, insensate,
if I were to quarrel with him because of the inter- '
pretation that he puts upon his duty. Far from ;
it. The responsibility is with him; let him exer- '
cise it. But what 1 challenge him for is, that he '
has not more explicitly told us what he means to
do; that he has ieit it to inference, to constiue-
tion, to interpretation that may possibly mislead
tliPse people as to his actual purpose. He he-:
said he will execute the laws, will collect the re\ -
eiiue, will occupy, hold, and possess the for!'
and arsenals, and other places that belong, us he
says, to the Q-avernment; and that he will use no ,
force, nor will he commit any invasion, beyond
what may be necessary to execute these objects.
Everybody knows that he cannot get possession
of those forts and arsenals and navy-yards that
are out of his possession and out of his occupa-
tion, without the exercise of public force. He
says that, he will use the public force, and send it
there, thus invading for the purpose of taking
possession; but he will not use more force, or
iiave more invasion, than is necessary to execute
the purpose.
The great key, however, which the Senator
from Illinois found to make all this a peaceful
solution at last, is in the concluding paragraph of
this part of the message, in which the President
says:
11 The course here indicated will be followed, unless cur-
rent events ami experience shall show a modification or
change to be proper; and in every case and exigency, my
best discretion will be exercised, aecoidmg to circum-
stances actually existing, and with a view and a hope of a
peacciul solution of the national troubles, and the restora-
tion of fraternal sympathies and affections."
That is the key that the Senator from Illinois
says unlocks the true intent and meaning of this
message; that it has been done in the view and
hope of a peaceful solution. If that Senator thinks
that, because the President has a peaceful view of
this armed invasion of a foreign Territory, or a
hope of a peaceful solution, notwithstanding the
armed invasion which he declares he will exer-
cise, I can only say to that Senator he is more
credulous than any of those around him. That
is the whole solution; that is, as he expresses it,
the great key to the meaning of the President.
Now, sir, there is but one thing left unsaid in the
message, so far as this question of force is con-
cerned, and that is the time when the forcc is to
be exercised. He cannot get possession of one
of these forts without the exercise of force. He
cannot take force there without invading a Terri-
tory that claims to be foreign to this; and he says
he will use that invasion, and he will exercise that
force, but only so far as it is necessaiy to hold,
occupy, and possess the forts.
I do not know, by the way, why there was a
necessity for using these three words. Tlieie seems
to be a most extraordinary pleonasm. Hold, oc-
cupy, and possess, would seem to be, in regard to
the subject to which they were applicable, almost
synonymous: but still, unless there was some pur-
pose to mystify or mislead, I know not why they
were used.
I say, sir, the message is silent only as to the
question of the time when it is to be done. The
President has told 11s that his duty requires him
to do it. We know that he is in the possession of
the military power, and all the public force, and
can diiect it at his pleasure at any moment upon
any point; and he tolls us that he is not only stim-
ulated by his sense of duty, but he'is under the
obligations of an oath to perform that duty. I
should infer, therefore, that he would consider it ]
his duty at once, or with reasonable speed, at any I
rate, to discharge that duty. I so to-day under- j
stand the Senator from Illinois. If I understand j
him ai glit in what he said a few minutes ago, he
said that, in relation to one of these forts—Fort
Sumter—there would be veiy soon a piessing ne-
cessity for taking position, 011 the part of the Fed-
eral Government. The Scnatorsaid that there was
information that theganison would not have pro-
visions to last them beyond thirty days; that they
would have neither bread norsalt; that they would
be in a starving condition in that time. I know
nothing about the fact. If the Senator is right,
however, that they will be shoi t of provisions, he
is right in his conclusion that this peaceful policy
which he found in the message is to be convened j!
into war within the next thirty days; for again I i
say none can doubt, I presume—if there be a jj
doubter I do not kno w wiio he is—that Fort Sum- t \
turnover can be reinforced by the Federal Gov-
eminent, who claim to be its owners, without a ]'
struggle of thousands and tens of thousands of ; i
armed men spilling their blood on the sands and j
011 the sea; and if the Senator is right, that what- I'
ever may be the policy will be expedited, because [,
of the necessity, within the next thirty days, j,'
whatever of peace the Senator saw in this mes- 1
sage, will then be converted into war, real war,
stern war. i'
No, Mr. President, there is a solution of peace,
one only—a solution that is not only not held out ,
in this message: 'nut that is carefully avoided, 1
^dulously avoided; there is a solution of peace
of this great question between the contending
sections, and there is but one; and so far from
that being con tained in this inaugural, i t is repelled
and repudiated by its whole tenor and purpose.
That solution is to admit that the Union is broken;
to yield to the existing fact; to admit that the
Union is at an end by the separation of the seven
States which have gone out; and whether they
jre acknowledged as an independent Power or not;
to admit the fact of their separate and independ-
ent existence; and then withdraw the troops.
That is the peace policy; and none other. So far
from that being even hinted 01- intimated in the
message, the whole tenor and purpose of it repu-
diates it; because it declares that the Union is
unbroken, in the language quoted from it by the
Senator, that in the contemplation of the Consti-
tution and the law, whatever the fact is, it is un-
broken, and that he will execute the laws within
the separated States; and that he will hold, oc-
cupy, and possess, the fortifications within them.
Sir, there is no peace in that. You cannot get it
in that way, in any shape or form. There is but
one mode, and that is to admit the fact that these
States are out, whether rightfully or not, and to
withdraw the troops. I can see no reason why
that should be longer denied, even among those
statesmen who look upon this Government, as
the inaugural expresses it, as a thing so pecu-
liar, God-given, or otherwise, that it is insuscep-
tible of being broken. ThePresidentsays,by the
universal law it is presumed to be perpetual. What
he means by the universal law, I am quite as much
at a loss to understand, as I was the cabalistic
meaning-of a phrase used by a Senator from Now
York of a higher law. What is the universal
law' I know what the law of the Constitution
is; I know what the laws of the United States
are; I know what the international law is; but
what this universal law is, unless it be the law of
the universe, that law which keeps the spheres in
place, and directs their motions, and providesfor
their rotation upon their axes and in their orbits,
I am at a loss to know. But it is by terms like
these, not only general, but unmeaning and inap-
plicable, that we arc to be deluded into the idea
that there is no mode by which this Government,
as he calls it, howeveroppressivc it may become,
however odious to the people under it, however
cruel in its exactions, however perverse in its in-
fractions of constitutional duty, can be got rid of,
because of some law of the universe.
Sir, the people of the southern States, at least,
are not to be deluded out of their rights, or out of
their remedies, by this sort of hidden, cabalistic
meaning. I say the only way to preserve the
peace ot' the country is to admit the fact that those
States are out, that your laws arc inoperative
within them, and that so far as they are concerned,
they arc as much foreign to this Government as
England or France, and to withdraw your troops,
and give up the strong places. Unless that is
done, there is 110 more possibility of averting a
war than there would be of shutting out from the
world the light of heaven.
I have thought it a matter of moment that the
policy of this message should be eviscerated,
whei ever its meaning wasmdirect or dark, because
my own people, the people in Virginia, who are
yet in the Union, arc banded together upon the
fixed, unchangeable purpose of making them-
selves a party to that war when the first gun is*
fired. There is no mistaking that. Whatever
difference of opinion there may have been as to
the policy of immediately abandoning the Union,
the policy of remaining in the Union to negotiate
for securities, as was attempted by the late peace
eongiese, the policy of gomg out of the Union
and Ibimmg an intermediate confederacy, or the
policy of lemaimng in the Union under abject
submission, whatever fomis of difference of opin-
ion there may have been as to what it became
Virginia to do, on this question there is almost a
unit: that if there is any attempt by public force
exercised on the part of this Government, under
the plea of executing the laws, or under the plea
of taking possession ot the forts and arsenals as
ptiMie property, or audi e any other plea, to march
a hostile army into those toUtes, Viiginiu will
become, by the unanimous consent of her people,
a pai 'y to that v.ar when the first gun is filed. I
say we have evidences ef that, at least, which are
unmistakable. It is due that this message should
