1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
;&5
spirits in all those States, whose sense of justice,
and whose brave efforts to uphold the right, have
been not the less appreciated, nor will be the less
remembered, because unsuccessful.
"We have not been wanting in timely warning
to our associates of the unhappy tendency of their
policy. It was in the unhallowed pursuit, as we
thought, of sectional aggrandizement, and the in-
dulgence of unregulated sentiments of moral duty,
that the equilibrium of power bet ween the sections,
which had been maintained until then, was ruth-
lessly and unwisely destroyed by the legislation
of 1850. The injustice and danger of those pro-
ceedings was considered by a large portion ot the
South to be so flagrant, that we resorted to an
unusual formality "in bringing our views and
apprehensions to the attention of the country.
Upon our official responsibility, a number of the
Senators, those of Florida among them, giving
expression to the opinions of their constituents,
presented a written protest against the wrong to
which our section was subjected, and a fraternal
warning against the dangerous tendency of the
policy which incited to that wrong. That pro-
test was refused a place in the Journals of this
body, contrary, as we thought, to the express
duty enjoined by the Constitution; but it went
before the public, and I think it proper to recall
the attention of this body to its contents, in the
hour when the apprehensions it expressed arc
fatally realized.*
Let me be pardoned, Mr. President, for detain-
ing the Senate with a further remark. The cir-
cumstance that the State of Florida was formed
upon territory acquired by the United States, and
the paucity of her numbers, has been occasion-
ally remarked upon. Owing to causes she could
not contro'l, her settlement has been, until re-
*The following is the piotest referred to in Mr. Yui.cc's
remarks., ami which was presented m the Senate by Mr.
Hunter on the 14th of August, 1850. with a uiotiosi loi
leave to have it spiead upon the Journal of the Senate:
We, the undersigned Senator-, deeply impressed with the
impoitance of the occasion, and with a tojemn sense ol the
responsibility under which we are acting, retpeetiuiiy sub
rmt the ioliowinir protest against the bill admitting Califor-
nia as a State into this Union, and request that it may be
entered upon the Journal of the Senate. We feel that Jt is
not enough to have lesisted in debate alone a hill so fraught
with tm>chief to the Union and the States which we rep-
resent, with all the resources of argument which we pos-
sessed, but that it is also due to ourselves, the people \vho e
interests have been intrusted to oui eare, and to posterity,
which,even m ltsmostdtstantgeneiauons.inav lee! itscon-
sequences, to leave, in whateverfotm maybe most solemn
and enduring, amemoi ml of the opposition winch we have
made to this meaMiie, and of the i unions t>y which we have
been governed. Upon the pagc^ o! aJontnal which the Con-
stitution i equiies to he kept so long a - the beiiatt' may have
an existence, we desire to place the reasons upon which
we are willing to be judged by genetations living and yet
to come, tor our oppo-ltion to a bill who«.e con^equencrs
may be *o durable and portentous as to make it an object
of deep interest to all who may come alter ib.
We have dissented from this bill because it give-, the
eanetion of law. and thu=; imparts validity to the unauthoi-
ized action of a'portion of the inhabitants of California, by
which an odious discrimination is made again-t the p:op-
eity of the fifteen s-lavoholdiiig Status of the Union, who
are thus depuved ol that position of equality which the
Constitution so manifestly designs, and which constitute;?
the onlysuie and stable foundation upon which this Union
can icpose. _
Because the right of the slavebolding States to a com-
mon and equal enjoyment of the teintory of the Union
lias been defeated by a system of measure* which, without
the authority of precedent, of law, or ot the Constitution,
were manifestly contrived for that purpose, and which Con-
gress must sanction and adopt, should this bill become a
law. In sanctioning this system of measures, this Gov-
ernment will admit that the inhabitants of its Territories,
whether permanent or transient, and whether lawfully or
unlawfully occupying the same, mavfcnm a State without
the previous authority of law; without even the partial
security of a territorial organization formed byC'ongiess;
'without any legal census oi other sufficient evidence of
their possessing the number of citizens necessaiy to author-
ize the representation which they may claim ; and without
anv ot tho&e saleguards about the ballot-box which can
only be provided by law, and which are necessary to ascer-
tain the true sem-e of a people. It will admit, too, that
Congress, having refused to provide a government except
upon the condition of excluding slavery by law. the exec-
utive branch of tlus Government may. atits own discretion,
invite such inhabitants to meet in convention under such
rules as it or us agents may prescribe, and to form a con-
stitution affecting not only their own lights, but those aUo
of fifteen States of the Confederacy, by including teintory
with the purpose of excluding those States from its enjoy-
ment, anil without regard to the natural fitness of boundaiy,
or anv of the considerations which should pioperly deieim-
inc tlio limits of a State. It will also admit that the con-
vention thus called into exigence by the Executive may
be naid by linn ou! of the fuuds of the Hinted btates with
out the sanction (if Congress, in violation not only of t.ie
plain provisions of the Constitution, but ot those principles
of obvious propriety which would forbid anyact c.UctiU.twi
cently, comparatively slow. But her population
exceeds that of seven of the sixteen States that
composed the Union wlien the census of 1790 was
taken under the new Constitution; and six of the
thirteen original States had fewer numbers when
they formed the Constitution. Rights of sover-
eignty and liberty depend not upon numbers.
It is quite true that her limits comprehend a
part of the territory to which the title was ac-
quired by the United States from Spain. But it
is also true that a part of the consideration,for the
cession was a reservation to the inhabitants^ of
the right to admission into the Federal Union
upon terms of equality; and it was in view of this
right that most of the inhabitants remained there.
If their number has been increased by subsequent
immigration, it was mostly of citizens from others
of the United States, who were lineal inheritors
of the glories and fruits of the American Revo-
lution.
In pursuance of this stipulation, and of the es-
tablished policy of the country, they were admit-
ted into the Union; and, in the act of admission,
Florida was expressly recognized and " declared
to be a State,"and <( admitted intotheUnion on
an equal footing with the original States in all
respects whatever."
In the exercise of her equal right in the Union,
and moved by a common sympathy with the peo-
ple of the section of which her territory forms the
extreme southern part, and with whose tatc her
destiny is indissolubly bound, Florida has resolved
to withdraw from the present Union. Her course
derives sanction from the important fact that she
is preceded m it by the chivalrous State which,
by a spirited act in 17C3, became, by acknowl-
edgment of a Massachusetts historian, "the
founder of the Union." And her resolution is
to make that convention dependent upon it; and last, but
not least. in the series of measures which this Government
must adopt and sanction in pus-ins this bill, Is the release
of tlio authority of the United States by the Executive alone
to a ffoviTiuneiit thus formed, and not presenting even tsuf-
licient evidence of its having the assent of a inajority ot the
people for whom it was deMgned. With avtewofallthese
considerations, the undersigned are constrained to believe
that thMGovernment could never be brought to admit ;i State
presenting itself under such circumstances, ii It were not
for the purpose ol excluding the p"oplc of tlie fclaveholding
States from all opportunity ot faetthng with their property
in that Territory.
Because, to vote for a bill passed under such circum-
stance-, would be to a«t ee to a pi mcsple which may exclude
foiever hereafter, as it does now, the Stales which we rep-
resent, tioin nil enjoy incut of the common tcrutory of the
Union—.1 principle which destroys the equal rights ot their
constituent-, the equably of then ^tate> in the Confed-
eracy, the equal dignity of those whom they represent as
men and as citizens in the eye of the law, and their equal
tille to the piotection of the Government and the Co.i-ti-
tl"lLcau«c the admission of California as a State into the
Union without anv previous reservation assented to by her
of the public domain, might involve an actual surrender
of that domain to. Ol at all events places its future disposal
at the merry of, that State, us no reservation in the bill can
be binding upon hei until she assents to u, and as her dis-
sent '■ he teal tel" would in no manner afieet or impair the
act of iiei admission.
Because all the piopositions have been rejected winch
have been made to obtain clthei a recognition of the right
ol the slavcholiiim- States to a common enjoyment ol all
tile territory of tile United States, or to a tail division of that
territory between tile slaveholding and non-siavelioiduig
States of the Union ; every cfl'oit having tailed which has
been made to obtain a fair d ivision ot the tci ntoiy proposed
to be brought in as the State of California.
Butlastlv, we dissent fiorn this bill, and solemnly protect
a aimt its'passage, because, in sanctioning measures so
contrary to tonner precedent, to obvious policy, te the spirit
and intent of the Constitution ot tile United States, lor tile
purpose of excluding the slavehohlmg States tiom the ter-
ritoiy thus to be erected into a State, tins Government m
elfect declares that the exclusion of slavery Irom the teru-
tory of the United States is an object so high and important
as to justify a disregard, not only of all the principles of
sound pohev, but al -o of the Constitution itself. Against
this conclusion we must now and forever protest, as it is
destructive of tile safety and hbeities of those whose rights
have been committed to our eare, fatal to the peace and
equality of the States which we lepresent, and must lead,
ifpeisisted in, to the dissolution of that Confedeiacy in
which tlieslaveholding States have never Bought more than
equality, and 111 which they will not be content to remain
with le s.
J. M. MASON, i
E. M. T. IIUIVTBR, '
A. P. BUTLER, I
It. B. iSARN'VVELL, '
Virginia.
South. Carolina.
H. I.. TURNEY, Tennessee-
PIEIiHE SOULlS.ioiflKoiio.
JEFF'N DAVIS, Mississippi.
DAVID Jt ATCHISON, Missomi.
JACKSON- MORTON, ) Fhrii<l.
D. L. YULEE, \*m
SfcNArB CiiAtmen, 13, 1850.
rendered more fixed by the development,-since her
movement began, of a general tendency jn the
public mind of the majority section to a iheory of
theConstitution,und to principles.orcoflstructipfi;
which must convert this Government intp an up;
limited despotism. She sees fast rising aboveall
others the great issue of the right of the people of
the States to sovereignty and self-government
within their respective territorial boundaries; and
in sucli an issue she is prepared to devote the lives
and fortunes of all her people.
Although the present means of Florida are ac-
knowledged to be limited, yet, having once as-
sumed the rank of a State, she assumed with Us
rights its duties also, and its responsibilities to
her people and their posterity. •'These she must
fulfill, according to her best judgment, with all the
more jealousy of control because weak. but with-
none the less claim on that account to the respect
of all true men.
Acknowledging, Mr. President, with grateful
emotions, my obligations for the many courtosies l
have enjoyed in my intercourse with the gentlemen
of this body, and with most cordial good wishes
for their personal welfare, 1 retire from their midst
in willing loyalty to the mandate of my State, and
with full approval of her act. _
Mr. MALLORY. Concurring, as I do, with
all that my colleague has said, I ask but a brief
moment to add a word or two further.
Ill retiring from this body, 1 cannot but feel,
and I will not forbear the expression of, profound
regret that existing causes imperatively impel us
to thus (separation. When reason and justice shall
have asserted ascendency over party and passion,
they will be justly appreciated; and this southern
movement, demanded by considerations dear to
freemen in every age, will stand proudly vindi-
cated.
Throughout her long and patient endurance of
insult and wrong, the South hasclungto the Union
with unfaltering fidelity; a fidelity which, while
nourishingirritationinthe hearts of her own sons,
has but served to nerve thearmsofheradversaries.
Florida came into the Union fifteen years ago,
upon an equality with the original States, and
their rights in the Confederacy are equally her
right* She could not, if she would, separate her
action from her southern sisters; and, demanded
as her action is, by those considerations which
a free people can never ignore, she would not if
she could. From the Union, governed by the
Constitution as our fathers made it, there breathes
not a secessionist upon her soil; but a deep sense
of injustice, inequality, and insecurity, produced
by the causes to which I have adverted, is brought
home to the reason and patriotism of her people;
and to secure and maintain those rights which
the Constitution no longer accords them, they
have placed the State of Florida out of the Con-
federacy. , ' '
In thus turning from the Union to the vailed
and unknown future, we are neither ignorant nor
recldess of the lions in our path. We know that
the prompt and peaceful organization of a prac-
tical republican government, securing liberty,
equality, and justice to every citizen, is one of
the most difficult, as it is one of the most mo-
mentous duties devolving upon men;and nowhere
perhaps upon the earth, beyond our own country,
could this great work be achieved. But so well
are human rights and national liberty understood
by our people; so deeply are they imbued with
the spirit of freedom and knowledge of govern-
ment, that were this Republic utterly broken and
destroyed, like the shattered vase of the poet, to
whose very fragments the scent of the roses still
clung, its very ruins breathing the true spirit of
civil and religious liberty, would plead for and
demand a wise and noble reconstruction.
Whatever may be the immediate results, there-
fore, of the momentous crisis now upon us, I have
no fears for the freedom of my countrymen. Nor
do I admit for a moment that the great American
experiment of government has proved or can prove
afailure; butl maintain, on the contrary, that pass-
ing events should inspire in the hearts of the pa-
triotand statesman, not only hope, but confidence.
Five States have already dissolved their connec-
tion with the Union; and throughout the several
stages by which their people, in their soveieign
capacity, have reached secession, they ".aY® ® ~
hibited a calmness and deliberation which find
no parallel in the history of mankind. Tms is
