486
THE CONGRESSIONAL GJ.OBE.
January id,
entirely thearesult of our admirable system of
independent State governments. And, sir, were
this Federal District, with Presidents, Congress,
Departments, and courts, and all the machinery
of Federal Government, suddenly sunk a thousand
fathoms deep, under the admirable working of
theseStategovernments the rights and liberties of
their people would receive no shock or detriment.
Ifi thus severing our connection with sister
States, we desire to go in peace, to maintain to-
wards them an attitude not only of peace, but, if
possible, of kindness; and it is for them to determ-
ine whether we shall do so or not; and whether
commerce, the great pacificator of earth, is to
connect us as producers, manufacturers, and con-
sumers, in futu_re friendly relations. If folly,
wickedness, or pride, shall preclude the hope of
peace, they may at once rear up difficulties in our
path, leading at once to what I confess I regard
and dread as one of the greatest calamities that
can befall a nation—civil war; a civil war embrac-
ing equally North and South. But, sir, be our
difficulties what they may, we stand forth a uni-
ted people to grapple with and to conquer them.
Our willingness to shed our blood in this cause is
the highest proof we can offer of the sincerity of
our connections; and I warn, nay, I implore you,
not to repeat the fatal folly of the Bourbons, and
.mistake a nation for a faction; for the people of
the South, as one man, declare that, sink or swim,
live or die, they will not, as freemen, submit to
the degradation of a constrained existence under
a violated Constitution. But, sir, we desire to
part from you in peace. From the establishment
of the Anglo-Saxons upon this continent to this
hour, they have never, as colonies or States, shed
the blood of each other; and I trust we shall be
spared this great calamity. We seek not to war
upon, or to conquer you; and we know that you
cannot conquer us. imbrue your hands in our
blood, and the rains of a century will not wash
from them the stain, while coming generations
will weep for your wickedness and folly.
In thus leaving the Senate, and returning to my
own State, to pursue with unfaltering head and
heart that path, be it gloomy or bright, to which
her honor and interest may lead, I cannotforbear
the acknowledgment of the kindness and courtesy
which J have ever received from many of the
fentlemen of the Opposition; Senators to whom
am indebted for much that I shall cherish
through life with pleasure, and toward whom I
entertain none but sentiments of kindness and re-
spect. And 1 trust, sirs, that when wc next con-
front each other, whether at this bar or that of
the just God, who knows the hearts of all, our
lips shall not have uttered a word, our hands
shall not have committed an act,directed against
the blood of our people.
On this side of the Chamber, we leave, with
profound regret, those whom we will cherish in
our hearts, and whose names will be hallowed
by our children. One by one, we have seen the
representatives of the true and fearless friends of
the Constitution fall at our side, until hardly a
forlorn hope remains; and whatever may be our
destiny, the future, with all of life's darker mem-
ories, will be brightened by the recollection of
their devotion to the true principles of our Gov-
ernment, and of that wealth of head and heart in
their intercourse with us which has endeared them
to us and to ours forever.
Mr. CLAY. I" rise to announce, in behalf of
my colleague and myself, that the people of Ala-
bama, assembled in convention tit their capitol 011
the 11th of this month, have adopted an ordinance
whereby they withdraw from the Union, formed
under a compact styled the Constitution of the Uni-
- ted States,resume the powers delegated to it, and
assume their separate station as a sovereign and
independent people. This is the act, not of taction
or of party, but of the people. True, there is a
respectable minority of that convention who op-
posed this act, not because they desired to pre-
serve the Union, but because they wished to se-
cure the cooperation of all, or of a majority, of
the southern or.of the planting States. There are
many cooperationists, butl think not one union-
ist in the convention; all are in favor of withdraw-
ing from the Union. I am therefore warranted in
saying that this is the act of the freemen of Ala-
bama.
In taking this momentous step, they have not
acted hastily or unadvisedly. It is not the erup-
tion of sudden, spasmodic, and violent passion.
It is the conclusion they have reached after years
of bitter experience of enmity, injustice, and in-
jury, at the hands of their northern brethren; after
long and painful reflection; after anxious debate
and solemn deliberation; and after argument,per-
suasion, and entreaty have failed to secure them
their constitutional rights. Instead of causing
surprise and incurring censure, it is rather matter
of amazement, if not reproach, that they have
endured so much and so long, and have deferred
this act of self-defense until to-day.
It is now nearly forty-two years since Alabama
was admitted into the Union. She entered it, as
she goes out of it, while the Confederacy was in
convulsions, caused by the hostility of the North
to the domestic slavery of the South. Not a de-
cade, nor scarce a lustrum, has elapsed, since her
birth, that has not been strongly marked by proofs
of the growth and power of that anti-slavery spirit
of the northern people which seeks the overthrow
of that domestic institution of the South, which is
not only the chief source of her prosperity, but
the very basis of her social orderand State polity.
It is to-day the master spirit of the northern States,
and had, before the secession of Alabama, of Mis-
sissippi, of Florida, or of South Carolina, severed
most of the bonds of the Union. It denied us
Christian communion, because it could not endure
what it styles the moral leprosy of slaveholding;
it refused us permission to sojourn, or oven to pass
through the North, with our property; it claimed
freedom for the slave if brought by his master into
a northern State; it-violated the Constitution and
treaties and laws of Congress, because designed
to protect that property; it refused us any share
of lands acquired mainly by our diplomacy and
blood and treasure; it refused our property any
shelter or security beneath the flag of a common
Government; it robbed us of our property, and
refused to restore it; it refused to deliver criminals
against our laws, who fled to the North with our
property orour blood upon their hands; it threat-
ened us, by solemn legislative acts, with igno-
minious punishment if we pursued our property
into a northern State; it murdered southern men
when seeking the recovery of their property on
northern soil; it invaded the borders of southern
States, poisoned their wells, burnt their dwellings,
and murdered their people; it denounced us by de-
liberate resolves of popular meetings, ofparty con-
ventions, and of religious and even legislative as-
semblies, as habitual violators of the laws of God
and the rights of humanity; it exerted all the
moral and physical agencies that human ingenu-
ity can devise or diabolical malice can employ to
heap odium and infamy upon us, and to make
us a by-word of hissing and of scorn throughout
the civilized world. Yet we bore allthisfor many
years, and might have borne it for many more,
under the oft-repeated assurance of our northern
friends, and the too fondly cherished hope that
these wrongs and injuries were committed by a
minority party, and had not the sanction of the
majority of the people, who would, in time, rebuke
our enemies, and redress our grievances.
But the fallacy of these promises and folly of
our hopes have been too clearly and conclusively
proved in late elections, especially the last two
presidential elections, to permit us to indulge longer
in such pleasing delusions. The platform of the
Republican party of 1856 and 1860 we regard as
a libel upon the character and a declaration of war
against the lives and property of the southern peo-
ple. No bitterer ormoreofl'ensivecalumny could
be tittered against them than is expressed in de-
nouncing their system of slavery and polygamy
as " twin relics of barbarism." It not only re-
proaches us as unchristian and heathenish, but
imputes a sin and a crime deserving universal
scorn and universal enmity. No sentiment is
more insulting or more hostile to our domestic
tranquillity, to our social order, and our social ex-
istence, than is contained in the declaration that
our negroes are entitled to liberty and equality
with the white man. It is in spirit, if not'effcct,
as strong an incitement and invocation to servile
insurrection, to murder, arson, and other crimes,
as any to be found in abolition literature.
And to aggrifPate the insult which is offered us
in demanding equality with us for our slaves, the
same platform denies us equality with northern
white men or free negroes, and brands us as an
inferior race, by pledging the Republican party
to resist our entrance into the Territories with our
slaves, or the extension of slavery, which—as its
founders and leaders truly assert—must and will
effect its extermination. To crown the climax of
insult to our feelings and menace of our rights,
this party nominated to the Presidency a man
who not only indorses the platform, but promises,
in-his zealous support of its principles, to disre-
gard the judgments of your courts, the obliga-
tions of your Constitution, and the requirements
of his official oath, by approving any bill prohibit-
ing slavery in the Territories of the United States.
A large majority of the northern people have
declared at the ballot-box their approval of the
platform and the candidates of that party in the
fate presidential election. Thus, by the solemn
verdict of the people of the North, the slavehold-
ing communities of the South arc " outlawed,
branded with ignominy,consigned to execration,
and ultimate destruction."
Sir, are we looked upon as more or less than
men ? Is it expected that we will or can exercise
that godlike virtue which " beareth all things,
believeth all things, hopeth all things, endureth
all things;" which teaches us to love our enemies, and
bless them that curse iis ? Are we devoid of the
sensibilities, the sentiments, the passions, tho
reason, and the instincts of mankind ? Have we
no pride of honor, no sense of shame, no rever-
ence of our ancestors, no care of our posterity,
no love of home, or family, or friends ? Must we
confess our baseness, discredit the fame of our
sires, dishonor ourselves, degrade our posterity,
abandon our homes, and flee from our country,
all for the sake of the Union ? Must we agree "to
live under the ban of our own Government? Must
we acquiesce in the inauguration of a President,
chosen by confederate, but unfriendly, States,
whose political faith constrains him, for his con-
science and country's sake, to deny us our con-
stitutional rights, because elected according to the
forms of the Constitution? Must we consent to
live under a Government which we believe will
henceforth be controlled and administered by
those who not only deny us justice and equality,
and brand us as inferiors, but whose avowed prin-
ciples and policy must destroy our domestic tran-
quillity, imperil the lives of our wives and chil-
dren, degrade and dwarf, and ultimately destroy,
our State ? Must we live, by choice or compul-
sion, under the rule of those who present us the
dire alternative of an " inepressibleconflict" with
the northern people in defense of our altars and
our fireside, or the mamumission of our slaves,
and the admission of them to social and political
equality? No,sir, no! The freemen of Alabama
have proclaimed to the world that they will not;
and have proved their sincerity by seceding from
theUnion,and hazarding all the dangers and dif-
ficulties of a separate and independent station
among the nations of the earth.
They have learned from history the admoni-
tory truth, that the people who live under gov-
ernors appointed against their consent by un-
friendly foreign or confederate States, will not
long enjoy the blessings of liberty, or have the
courage to claim them. They feel that were they
to consent to do so, they would lose the respect
of their foes and the sympathy of their friends.
They are resolved not to trust to the hands of
their enemies the measure of their rights. They
intend to preserve for themselves, and to transmit
to their posterity, the freedom they received from
their ancestors, or perish m the attempt. Cor-
dially approving Jjtis act of my mother State, and
acknowledging no other allegiance, I shall icturn,
like a true and loyal son, to her bosom, to defend
her honor, maintain her rights, and share her
fate.
Mr. FITZPATRTCK. Mr. President, I rise
merely to add, that having had an opportunity of
knowing beforehand the sentiments which my
colleague has expressed; and believing that they
fairly represent the feelings, opinions, and pur-
poses of our constituents, and correctly explain
the reason and causes of their late action, he was
fully warranted in saying he had my full concur-
rence in the views which he has just submitted.
I therefore deem it unnecessary, if not Improper,
to abuse the pnvilege which the courtesy of the
Senate accords to me, by further remarks. I feel
that I am bound hy the act of Alabama, and can-
not claim the rights and privileges of a member
of this body. 1 acknowledge no loyalty to any
