1881.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1447'
mitted to the Committee to Audit and Contiol the Contin-
gent Expenses of the Semite.
The resolution was agreed to.
SILAS CAItLETON.
Mr. SUMNER. I ask that the resolution now
on the table, relating to the matter of Fiank B.
Sanborn, be taken up, and referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is moved that
the Senate now proceed to the consideration of
the resolution submitted by the Senator from
Virginia, to pay certain expenses incurred by
Silas Carleton and others.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the following resolution, sub-
mitted by Mr. Mason 011 the 5th instant:
Resolved, That tbetc be paid out of the contingent fund
of the Senate Mich actual eo.rt.-; a ■ -ball he mcimed, pui&u-
ant to law, to Silas Caileton and Ihreo associated with lmn,
ill pioseeutions or civil suits now pending m the eouits of
Ma*sachuseus aeain.-t. them, founded on their acts in exe-
cuting process of the Senate against a eeitain F. I>. San-
bom, of said State.
Mr. SUMNER. Now, I ask its reference to
the Committee on tlie Judtrary. There was that
understanding the other day with the Senator
from Virginia.
The VICB- PRESIDENT. It will be so re-
ferred, if there be no objection. The Chair hears
none.
Mr. SUMNER. I also ask that the papers now
on the files of the Senate relating to the matter of
F. B. Sanborn, be referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
It was so ordered.
ADJOURNMENT TO MONDAY.
Mr. POWELL. I move that when the Senate
adjourns to-day it be to meet on Monday next.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope the Senate will not
adjourn over, i am very anxious to get through
the business and go home. By sitting to-morrow
we shall be at least one day nearer the filial ad-
journment.
Mr. CLARK. I suggest to the Senator from
Kentucky that he delay his motion for a little
while, and see if there be a prospect of any busi-
ness to-morrow, and perhaps then we may agree
to it.
Mr. POWELL. I withdraw it for tliepiesent.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Mt.COLLAMER. Is there any question pend-
ing ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is no ques-
tion before the Senate.
Mr. COLLAMEIl. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideiation of executive busi-
ness.
The motion was agreed to; and after some time
spent in the consideration of executive business,
the doors were reopened.
ADJOURNMENT TO MONDAY.
On motion of Mr. LATHAM, it was
Ordered, That when the Senate adjourns to-day, it iie to
meet on Monday next.
. EXPULSION OF A SENATOR.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I ask leave to offer the
following amendment to the resolution introduced
by the Senator from Connecticut, a short time
since, in relation to the Senator from Texas. It
is to strike out all after the word " whereas," and
insert:
It is understood that the State of Texas has sceededfiom
die Union, and is no longer one of the United States;
Tbereforp,
Resolved, That she is not entitled to be repiesented in
this body.
PATENT LAWS.
Mr. HALE. The Senate, a day or two since,
ordered an extra number of copies of the tariff bill
to be printed. There is another bill which inter-
ests a great many people, and there are a gieat
many inquiring for it. It is the bill m relation to
the Patent Office. Its title is " An act to amend
an act to promote the progress of the useful arts."
I move that two thousand extra copies of that hill
be piinted.
Mr. GRIMES. I submit to the Senator whether
he had not better wait until there are some rules
established by the Department, in connection with
construing that law,and then we canpublish them
altogether.
Mr. HALE. I am told there have been more
calls for that act than for any other that has ever
been passed. There are a great many inventors
and agents here. They know thatimportantalter-
ations have been made in the patent laws, and
they want to get at them.
Mr. GRIMES. I have no doubt of that; but
the interpretation of the law may be put upon it
in a very few days by the Commissioner, and it is
very important for the people wanting this in-
formation, to know how this law is going to be
construed.
Mr. SIMMONS. What act does the Senator
from New Hampshire allude to?
Mr. HALE. The act in relation to the Patent
Office. It is a very important act, and 1 am told
there are more inquiries for it than for all the other
acts we have passed.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Rice in
the chair.) The Chair hears no objection to the
present consideration of the motion.
Tlte motion was agreed to.
Mr. LATHAM. I mo\c that the Senate do
now adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. CLINGMAN, (after a pause.) I move
that the Senate adjourn. [Oh, no'] Some Sena-
tors suggest that they prefer waiting a little while
longer, and I will therefore withdraw the motion.
Mr. POWELL, (after a pause.) I move that
the Senate adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. COLLAMER, (after a pause, no execu-
tive message having been received.) 1 move that
the Senate do now adjourn.
Tlie motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned to Alondaj .
IN SENATE.
Monday, March 11, 18G1.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Gorluy.
The Journal of Friday last was read and ap-
proved.
Several messages in writing were received dur-
ing the day from the President of the United States,
by Mr. John G. Nicolay, his Secretary.
EXPULSION OJ? A SENATOR.
Mr. FOSTER. I ask that the resolution which-
I introduced oil Friday be taken up, if there be no
objection.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator'from
Connecticut moves that the resolution submitted
by lmn oil Friday be now taken up.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded to considei the following icsolution:
Wherea*, Hon. L. T. now .1 Senator of the Uni-
ted States troni til" Siate 01 Te\as, hai drclaicd in debate
th.it he a to!c|i„nicr; that lie owe-- 110 allegiance to tills
Got ei ninent; hut that he belong 10, and owes allowance to,
anotln i- and lcneuni Slate and Cnveniineiit - Thoiolore,
Required, That the Mod U T. Wigi.dl lu,aud he hcieby
is, expelled fioni tinbody.
Mr. FOSTER. Mi. President 
Mr. CLINGMAN. I ask permission of the
Senator to inquire whether the resolution which
I moved as a substitute is not also pending ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
North Carolina proposes the following amend-
ment: Strike out all after the word "whereas,"
and insert:
It is understood that the Slate of Texas has seceded
from the Union, and is 110 iougcr one 0! the United States;
Tlieieloie,
Resolved, That she is not entitle.1 to be lepicsented in
this body.
The question before the Renite is on amending
the resolution submitted by the Senator from
Connecticut, as proposed by the Senator from
North Carolina.
Mr. FOSTER. I have but very few words to
say, Mr. President, either in regard to the reso-
lution or the substitute. T do not propose, at
least at present, to <. liter into any lengthened dis-
cussion cither of the one or the other; and it is
proper, perhaps, that I should state that I have
offered the resolution without consultation with
my political friends. It is entirely on my own
independent responsibility, that it is proposed to
the body. I have thus offered it without con-
sultation with my political friends; not because I
do not need as much as any one, advice and aid
from them, nor because I am not, on proper occa-
sions, a party man, but because I was desirous of
presenting this question to-the Seriate altogether
unconnected with party interests, and stripped,
so far as possible, of all party considerations.- I
shall not, therefore, call upon any member of the
Senate on one side of the Chamber or the other,
to support it; and I ask no member for his sup-
port of it; but beg every one to pass upon its
naked merits. If it has merits, Senators of course
will vote for it on their own view of those merits.
If it lias no merits, I trust I should be as far as
any member of the body from desiring to press
it through on any party or political grounds.
Tho privileges of a seat in this body are certainly
of too high a character to be involved in any
matter of party, and I should hope that in the
consideration and in the decision of this question,
we shall rise above all such views, and discuss it
and determine it upon far more elevated grounds.
The Constitution provides for the qualification
and tho manner of the election of members of this
body. It provides, in the third section of the first
article, that each State shall be entitled to two
Senators; and, in other parts of the instrument,
provision is made in respect to the necessary age,
to be not less than thirty years; that no person
shall be eligible who has not been nine years a
citizen of the United States; and, finally, it pro-
vides that Senators, like other officers, executive
and judicial, of the United States, shall take an
oath or affirmation to support the Constitution.
These are substantially the requirements of the
Constitution in regard to members of this body;
and I take it it is implied that a Senator of the
United States shall owe allegiance to the United
States; that this shall be his country; that he shall
either be a native born or a naturalized citizen-,
and that, if not native born, he shall have been at
least nine years a citizen before he is eligible as
a member; clearly manifesting the idea that a man
shall become thoroughly American, in thought
and feeling, before holding a seat in this body.
It is not, however, on any technical grounds, as
I suppose, as to citizenship, that the Senator from
Texas is obnoxious to objection. I suppose he
was a native born citizen of the United States,
and 1 suppose he was duly elected a member of
this body; and I do not suppose that when he
spoke of himself as a foreigner, he meant that he
was born out of the jurisdiction of the country,
but had another meaning in his mind, which he
probably would define more readily and perfectly
than I could. Still, Mr. President, it seems to
me that this body owes it to itself not to allow
members to sit here who avow that they are for-
eigners, who avow that they owe no allegiance
to 1 his Government, who avow that they belong
to a foreign government; and if that government
happens to be in arms against this Government,
attacking its troops, seizing its property, expell-
ing from its territory officers and soldiers of the
United States by force, tearing down and tramp-
ling 111 the dust the national flag, treating with
scorn and contempt every emblem of our coun-
try's authority and power, there may be addi-
tional reasons why such avowals and declarations
should notbe passed idly by. What, beside entire
contempt of the body, do such declarations indi-
cate, uttered on the floor of the Senate'
Ifelt.it due to my self, as a member of this body,
j that we should inquire and decide whether it was
I consistent with our duty as members of the Sen-
I ate of the United States, to allow one so circum-
! stanced and avowing such feelings and opinions,
! longer to hold a seat here. I scarcely need say
! that I have no personal feeling on the subject. I
jj can say with entire truth that, so far as my per-
sonal relations with the Senator from Texas are
concerned, they have been entirely kind and
friendly. I stated that this was not a party ques-
tion, so it certainly is not a personal question, and
, I certainly shall endeavor to prevent its becom-
| j,ig one. If other members of the body think that
it Is right and proper for a man avowing these
opinions to continue to sit here, I shall have done
my duty, and shall feel relieved from a respons-
ibility which I felt pressing upon me previously
to offering the resolution. I could not, as it
seemed to me, discharge my duty without offer-
ing it, and presenting the question distinctly to the
decision of the Senate.
The Senator from North Carolina has suggested
a substitute for the resolution; and the question,
I suppose, is first on the substitute. The substi-
tute fiKSumea tho right of a State to secede from
