1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1440
floor as a Senator, and that therefore he ought to
be driven off it; 'but, will anybody pretend that
this opinion of ray friend from Texas stands in
that category ? Have not twenty Senators, pei-
haps, during the past session, declared on this
floor that thoy entertained that very idea? The
whole State of Virginia, I believe, " the mother
of States and of statesmen," as she is called,
almost without division of opinion, has always
maintained that position. Without knowing what
either of the Senators from Virginia would say,
I take it for granted they both agree with the
Senator from Texas.
If it is an error, therefore, on his part, to be-
lieve that a State has a right to secede, and you
can expel him for that reason, why not expel the
Virginia Senators; why not expel the others who
have expressed that opinion; and especially, why
not expel those gentlemen who have declared it
and gone away ? Why is it that their names are
called from time to time, as Senators in this body?
They have avowed the same opinion in quite as
strong language as my friend from Texas, and
they have acted upon it and gone away, and left
us sometimes without a quorum, shown an utter>
defiance and disregard of the opinions which the
Senator from Connecticut avows. Why not ex-
tend it to them ?
But the Senator alludes to the fact that the State
of Texas has taken possession of some of the
public property, and perhaps expelled the armies
of the United States. Is that a sufficient reason
for expelling her representatives here ? If that be
a good reason, it applies with more force to the
other States. I ask that Senator how it is that he
allows the name of Jefferson Davis to be called
here, and makes no motion to expel him? He
claims to be the head of a foreign government.
Not only has his State seceded; not only has he
advised taking possession of the forts; but he is
the commander-in-chief of the army, and the pres-
ident of another republic, and yet he is a " mar-
velously proper'* Senator; there is no motion
made to expel him. I should like to know upon
what principle it is.
The Senator tells us that he has heard those
declarations, and he feels it his duty to make this
motion. Why is it that his sense of duty has
slept for the last two or three months, when Sen-
ator after Senator has risen in his place here and
declared that he was 110 longer a member of the
Senate; when Senators have avowed on this floor
that they had advised their constituents to take
possession of forts of the United States? When
the Senator from Georgia, [Mr. Toombs,] even
before his State had seceded, declared it defiantly,
there was no motion made against him. Why
is it, then, that the Senator from Texas is singled
out? The Senator from Connecticut declares that
he is not actuated by party or personal feelings.
I take that to be true, because he says it; but if
a majority of the Senate were to act 111 support of
his resolution after all that has occurred, the. pub-
lic would attribute it to personal or political spite.
How could they draw any other conclusion?
Ten Senators have already left the body—I do not
allude to South Carolina, whose Senators, I be-
lieve, resigned before we met; but ten Senators
have made their declarations here, similar to those
of my friend from Texas, and have gone off; and
that occurred two months ago, and no one has
thought proper even to ask that their names be
stricken off the roll.
Mr. President, gentlemen must do one of two
things; and I think whichever conclusion they
come to, they cannot vote for the resolution of the
Senatorfrom Connecticut. If they hold thatTexas
has seceded, and agree with him, they would not
vote to expel him, certainly. You expel a man,
admitting that he has a right to bo here, that he is
in fact a Senator,because he has committed some
offense, done something which disqualifies him to
sit here and represent his State. I can imagine
that a Senator in this connection might so present
himself that we should feel bound to act against
him. If, for example, a Senator knew that his
State had seceded, and believed that that was a
valid act, but fraudulently concealed it, and sought
to impose himself as a bona fide Senator on the
body, we could expel him for the fraud; but when
a Senator comes forward in a manly mannerand,
like my friend from Texas, says very candidly to
Senatois all around that he understands from the
newspapers that Ms State has seceded; that he has
no doubt it is a fact: that he will, however, if it
is agreeable to the Senate, remain here and act
until he is officially advised bymail; and in order
that he may not delude other Senators, says to
them with great fran kness, that he regards himself
as a foreigner, and that, nevertheless, he will con-
tinue to act; does that afford any grounds for
expelling him ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Why does he continue
to act if he regards himself a foreigner? *>
Mr. CLINGMAN. I understand my friend
from Texas to say he believes the fact is so; but
until he gets official evidence of it, unless Sena-
tors object, he will remain here; and he is exactly
pursuing the policy of the other Senators from
the seceding States. They remained here from
day to day, avowing that their purpose was to
wait for official information.
Mr. COLLAMER. He persists in it that he
is now a member of a foreign government.
Mr. CLARK. If the Senatorfrom North Car-
olina will allow me to interrupt him, I will state
what the point is as it seems tome. The Senator
from Texas believes that he owes 110 allegiance to
this Government, and yet continues to act in it.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I do not so understand the
declaration of the Senator. I understand him to
express the opinion that his State has seceded,
and he will act on it whenever officially advised
of the fact; and in order that he may not entrap
the Senate, or impose upon it, he says, " If you
think proper to permit me to act as a Senator, I
act with you because I do not feel bound to with-
draw until I got official notice." Has anyone
Senator objected to his voting? If a majority of
the Senate think proper to say, "We do not regard
you as entitled to vote, because your State has
taken this action, or because you avow it," that
is all proper enough. That is the view which my
resolution meets; but it cannot be pretended that
he practices any fraud or any unfairness on the
Senate.
I was saying, Mr. President, that if we agree
with the Senator from Texas about the fact, the
resolution of the Senator from Connecticut is not
the proper one. If we differ from him, then all
we can say is that he was mistaken upon a fact;
mistaken in his opinion of the effect of the act of
secession; mistaken on a constitutional or legal
point, in common with fifteen or twenty Senators
—I do not know how many. Will anybody pre-
tend that that affords a sufficient reason for his
expulsion > I will not, however, Mr. President,
argue this question at any length. I have said
about all in defense of my resolution that 1 de-
sired to say. As to the question of secession, gen-
tlemen may take it either way. If Texas has not
seceded, the Senator is entitled to be here, not-
withstanding the opinions he has expressed; if
Texas has seceded, and had the right to secede,
my resolution is the proper one.
Mr. MASON. Mr. President, the resolution,
which I hnve examined this morning, in its pre-
amble recites the cause of the expulsion. It is
what the Senator has said upon this floor. The
language of the resolution is, that he has " de-
clared in debate;" so that thecause of the expul-
sion is what the Senator has said. Now, sir, the
Constitution of the United States, to enable the
Senate to protect itself, has given to the Senate
the power to expel a member, provided two thirds
vote for the resolution; but the expulsion of the
member is, of necessity, punitive in its character;
and the intention of the resolution offered by the
.. Senatorfrom Connecticutis punitive—punishing
| for what the Senator has said in debate. The
j Senator, to be sure, m the argument he delivered
in support of the resolution, has said that the facts
alleged by the Senatorfrom Texas are inconsist-
ent Willi a seat upon this floor—to wit: that he is
a foreigner,and notacitizen of the United States,
and that he owes no allegiance to the Government
of the United States. If the Senator thinks he
ought not to be a member of the Senate because
of those facts—that he is not a citizen, and does
not owe allegiance—the Senator knows very well
that the mode, and the only parliamentary and
just mode, is to refer it to a committee to inquire
into the facts; and if it is found to be true, in the_
judgment of the Senate, that he is not a citizen ot
the United States, he would not be expelled, but
his seat would be declared vacant because of that
fact. But the purpose of the resolution, as I have
said, is punitive—to punish the Senator.
Mr. FOSTER. Will the Senator pardon me-
for a moment? ~ *
Mr. MASON. Gertainly. • :
Mr. FOSTER. After the Senatorfrom Texas
has been duly elected by his State, has presented
his credentials here, and been admitted as a mem-
ber, I ask the honorable Senator from Virginia
whether we can inquire into the legality by, which"
he holds his seat, having decided that question,
and no fact arising which did not exist at -that
time ?
Mr. MASON. I can see no objection to it. It
is very certain, if anybody has a seat on this floor
who-is not entitled to it, under the qualifications
of the Constitution, that his seat should be va-
cated whenever that fact is discovered. The mere
fact that he has been admitted to a seat without
question, does not exempt him from the qualifica-
tions that attach to him under,the Constitution.
The Senator would not pretend that.
But the language of the resolution is, that the
Senator has declared in debate, first, that he is ft
foreigner; and, next, that he owes no allegiance
to this Government. Now, sir, if it be a punish-
able offense to allege a constitutional truth in the
Senate, then the Senator's resolution may be Well
founded. I aver it here, as a Senator from Vir-
ginia, in the face of the countiy, that I owe and
recognize no allegiance to the Government of the
United States—none whatever; and there I take
my position alongside of the Senator from Texas.
Although the State of Virginia is a constituent of
this Government as one of the confederate States,
and I am her representative here, and her engage-
ments with this Government when she became a
party to the Constitution remain entirely unim-
paired, yet I am utterly unconscious that I owe
any allegiance to this"Government. I do owe
allegiance, in the acceptation of it known to Amer-
ican law, to the State of Virginia, and nowhere
else on earth. Why, what is this Government?
Does theSenator from Connecticutrest his extraor-
dinary doctrines of constitutional law which he
has presented here this morning on the idea that
the Government of the United States is his sov-
ereign ? If he does, God help him. Then, so far
as the Senator from Texas has committed an
offense in saying that he owes no allegiance to
this Government, I stand at his side; and I should
be unworthy of my true relation to my sovereign
State if I did not.
Sir, what is allegiance ? The old feudal interpre-
tation of the term allegiance, doubtless, is known
to every Senator, and all who are conversant with
the constitutional history of England, from which
we derive chiefly our institutions. Allegiance
is the relation between subject and sovereign; in
the old feudal times, the relation between vassal
and lord. Allegiance under our American insti-
tutions is the allegiance which is due from the
citizen to the sovereign power; and I know of no
sovereign power anywhere but in the States that
are parties to this Confederacy; and I take it for
granted, with all submission to the better opin-
ions of the honorable Senator from Connecticut,
that his State is his sovereign; and if he acknowl-
edges allegiance to this Government, he is faith-
less to her. Why, sir, we have a law in Virginia
prescribing the oath to citizens of Virginia, and
that oath 1 have taken the trouble to transcribe,
for the purpose of illustration. The oath of alle-
giance in Virginia, to be taken by all those who
are admitted in any way to a participation in the
political power of the State, is this:
" I declarc myself a citizen of the Commonwealth of
Virginia, and solemnly swear that I will be faithful and
tine to tiie said Commonwealth, and will support the con-
stitution thereof so long a& I continue to be a eifizcn of the
same."
" I will be faithful and true to the said Com-
monwealth"—that is allegiance. Am I to be told
by the Senator that we have a divided allegiance;
that we can owe allegiance to two sovereigns ?
Am I to be told by the Senator that when I come
here as a representative from a sovereign State,
I put off my allegiance, and put on a new garb,
and not to a sovereign, but to a mere agency ?
That is my construction of constitutional obliga-
tion and constitutional law. That, I take it for
granted, is the construction placed upon it by the
honorable Senator from Texas; and he is to be
expelled because he diflers in his idea of constitu-
tional obligation with the Senator from Connec-
ticut.
