492
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
in the language of the orators, that in some way
or other the Republican organisation was the
agency through which slavery was to be abolished
everywhere? This was not always done directly
and in plain terms; men occupying the position
of statesmen dare not do this; but they would
talk about an irrepressible conflict between the
local institutions of the States. They would say
they did not expect the house to fall, but they
did expect it to become all one thing or all the
other—all slave or all free; and who could im-
agine that they intended to intimate that the States
should all become slave ? Then, sir, they would
talk about hemming slavery in with a cordon of
fire, so that it might perish by its own blasting
effects.
It is idle, Mr. President, it would be unmanly,
at a time like this, to close our eyes to the mani-
fest effects of what men have said and done. This
kind of mysterious teaching of the Republican
leaders was necessary to draw to them the sup-
port of the old anti-slavery party of the North.
Without that support, they could not succeed;
and they could not get that support, without, to
a greater or less extent, identifying themselves
with the doctrines of abolitionism, and of aggres-
sion upon slavery everywhere. Now, sir, if these
doctrines are not to be carried out, why not say
s<>? Cannot men rise above the ordinary posi-
tion of partisans, and say frankly and emphati-
cally that they do not intend, either by director
indirect means, to interfere with the rights of the
southern States, or attempt to deny to them per-
fect equality—not only as members of the Con-
federacy, but in the use and enjoyment of our
common Territories ? Let the President elect say
this, and the skies will brighten. Come, Sena-
tors, "let justice be done though the heavens
fall;" let the South have hershare of the common
estate; and as she is the weaker party, give her
prompt and efficient guarantees against future in-
terference and against future aggression, as far
as that can be done; and wo shall have peace
again. IVithout it, without concession and com-
promise, our destiny is inevitable—dissolution,
civil war, and anarchy are before us.
To my own mind, Mr. President, a still greater
source ofevil, of alienation, and hostility, than all
these, is the habit which prevails in the" North of
branding slavery and slaveholders with opprobri-
ous epithets, and denouncing slaveholders as bar-
barians and criminals, fordoing that which itwas
agreed they might do. This is the cxhaustless
fountain from which flow the bitter waters of
discord, which are poisoning all the channels of
intercourse, commercial, political, and social,
between the northern and the southern States,
wielding an influence more poisonous and blight-
ing than the shades of the deadly upas. Southern
men, from notions of pride and dignity, give less
prominence to this idea; but 110 man who lias as-
sociated with them as I have, could fail to dis-
cover its effect upon their feelings. A southern
man, once a member of this body, but not now
here, because his State claims to be out of the
Union, touchingly remarked to me on this floor:
" Look at our case; look at my State," said he;
" the present generation there have had nothing
to do with establishing slavery; we inherited it;
we believe it to be right; we do just what it was
agreed we might do at the time the Confederacy
was made, and what the northern States were
mainly doing at that time; and yet, sir, for doing
this tiling,we find ourselves branded as barbarians,
unci our institution talked about as a twin rclic of
barbarism and polygamy, and we as men favor-
ing a lowcrorderof civilization than that enjoyed
in the North, and as living in the daily practice
of oppression and wrong. Now, sir," said he,
' I care little about your territorial question; we
have a clear constitutional right in the Territo-
ries, and it ought to be recognized, but it is not a
valuable right; nor have I any fear of violence at
the hands of northern people; with me it is the
wear and tear of feeling; it is the attempt at hu-
miliation and inequality in the Government that
has alienated me. I would ratherhave,"said he,
"relations with any other men on the face of the
earth, than with those claiming to be my brethren
and part of the same common Government, who
thus outrage my feelings and estimate me politi-
cally and morally as beneath their position."
Unhappily, Mr. President, this feeling is too
wide and too general. I say it is the seat of the
January 21,
disease which is exhausting the vitals of our Re-
public How to remove it, God only knows. The
expression of sentiment, under our institutions,
cannot be suppressed, and can be butslightly re-
strained ; and I had reference to this feeling mainly
when I remarked, on the 11th of December, that
whatever remedies were adopted ought to be com-
plete and final, reaching the root of the disease,
and separating the question of slavery entirely
from popular elections in the North, in order that
the public mind may be at rest, and that those
men who are sincere, conscientious enemies of
slavery—for a large body of them are so—should
feel themselves entirely separated from the institu-
tion; that they have no connection with it; no
responsibility to bear, and no duties to perform.
Thus separated, possibly they would cease their
aggressions on their southern friends; or, per-
haps, they would turn their attention to a wider
field, and look to the elevation of the condition of
thcAfrican in Cuba, where they could wage war,if
war they must have, without making it upon their
kindred and their brethren; where there would
be no compacts to volate.and no fraternal blood
to shed; or to the still wider field presented in the
native land of the African, and where they would
find a still lower grade of degradation. Surely,
when they shall have occupied those fields, and
elevated the native African to thecondition of the
descendants of that country in the southern States,
no one will object to their efforts to elevate and
relieve the condition of the African slave in Amer-
ica. But it seems to me that true philanthropy
and humanity require that they should take hold
of the disease wbere it is worst. The skillful
physician would do this. The philanthr opist
ought to exert himself in the field where suffhr-
mg humanity needs lu* aid most. Then let them
labor to bring the African in his native country
or in Cuba up to the condition of the southern
slave; and when they shall have done that, then
let them turn their attention to the descendants
of Africa in the North—the free negroes, a de-
graded and suffering race, and see what they can
do for them.
toir, I do not wish to be understood as an advo-
cate for African slavery. I am not; but I cannot
see the cruelty or the political or moral evil in it
that men 011 the other side attribute to it. They
do not intend to give the negro political equality
in this country. They will not dare say they do;
nor do they intend him to have social equality.
What then remains to him? Physical existence,
and nothing else. Such liberty is a delusion and
a fraud — the word of promise to the ear, to be
broken to the hop«\ Suppose the proposition
were submitted, at points 111 theNorth, where laro-e
numbers of free negroes are found, to appoint re-
spectable and responsible white men as guardians
for each family, to direct their physical efforts for
an animal existence; to see that their labor was
properly directed, so that their earnings might be
applied to the use of the family; to take care of
the aged, and feed and clothe the young: would
that be a very cruel proposition? Certainly not;
and yet, stripped of occasional abuses of the in-
stitution by the violent separation of families, and
the recognition of an unpleasant principle, and
this is about all there is m the institution of sla-
very 111 the South. It is the application of a su-
perior intellectual ability to direct the muscular
efforts of these men to secure subsistence.
But in God's name, if this agitation is to go on,
if a party in one section of the country is to be
organized and derive its vital spark of existence
from this agitation, let us know what is to be ac-
complished; what good end is to result from it;
what can be done for the white or the black race
by it? I11 what possible way is the condition of
either to be improved? Would you make the
slaves free men ? Unless you mean this, you mean
nothing. If free men, how, when, and where?
You acknowledge the restrictions of the Consti-
tution as to the slave States. But suppose this
were lemoved, and the southern people were to
say, here are our slaves; we set them free; they
must be clothed and fed; come and take'them:
then what would you do? Nothing, gentlemen-
absolutely nothing. The most abohtionizedState
in tin-Union would not agree to receive her quota
of slaves in order to give them freedom They
could not bo brought North; and if such a thing
vvere possible, every sane man must know that
their condition would bo infinitely Worse. They
would not only be slaves, but miserable, starving,
degraded slaves. As was well remarked by the
Senator from Virginia the other day, in tracing
the consequences of war between the two sections,
and justly denying the right and possibility of
subduing the South, if you had the South sub-
dued, what would you do with the slaves? He
said, as I say, you would have to retain them
there; and if the South were conquered provinces
of the North, the institution of slavery would
have to bo maintained and the right of property
in slaves recognized. What a hazard we are run-
ning, then, Mr. President, for an idle abstraction
or a vain delusion !
I have no pleasure, sir, in this kind of talk.
As God is my judge, my heart is not in it at all.
I am in no spirit of crimination. I stand between
the extremes here of the North and the South,
getting but little countenance or sympathy from
either side. But I stand for my country, for the
Union of these States, for the cause of justice and
humanity, for the right, for duty and fidelity on all
bands, and against a fratricidal war at all times
and in every contingency.
I have already said that I do not hold southern
men blameless 011 this subject. They have in-
dulged a spirit of recrimination and retaliation
towards tlie North neither wise nor philosophical;
and it cannot be denied that a vexatious system
of espionage has been kept up in some southern
States as to northern men visiting that region,
and in some instances cruel and condign punish-
ment inflicted upon them in a manner disgraceful
to the age, and well-calculated to provoke aggres-
sion and hostility. They have, in addition", been
unnecessarily sensitive and exacting on unim-
portant points, and at times have left the impres-
sion that nothing that the northern people could
do or say would relieve their apprehensions or
assuage their feelings. As for secession, I am.
utterly against it. I'dcny the right, and I abhor
the consequences; but I shall indulge in no argu-
ment on Uiat point. It is no remedy for any one
of the evils lamented; and in my judgment, it will
aggravate rather than remove them; and, 111 addi-
tion, superinduce countless others of a more dis-
tressing and destructive character. " It were
wiser to bear the iiis we hove, than fly to others
we know not of." Will dissolution arrest aggres-
sions upon the rights of the South? Will it ex-
tend the area of their peculiar institution? Will
it break up the machinations of those who con-
spire to carry off slave property? Will itassuage
the popular feeling in the North as to slavery?
Will it give additional security to the holders"of
slaves? and will it prevent insurrection? In my
judgment, it will do none of these things. Nor
can it by any possibility improve the material
interests of either section of the Union; and I do
not intend to dwell upon the question of material
interests in considering the value of the Union.
If we could have two republics of equal size, and
live in harmony and in unrestrained commercial
and political intercourse, the national growth
might not be seriously affected. But would this
revolution stop with two republics; and can peace-
ful relations be maintained? Both is possible;
but neither the one nor the other is probable. If
once disruption becomes permanent, the history
of the world would seem to teach that subdivisions
would follow until the American Union would be
divided into a score or more of petty, wrangling,
and demoralized republics, exciting only the pity
and contempt of the world.
Acknowledging the justice of the complaints of
the southern States to 110 inconsiderable extent, I
deptecate with all my heart the remedy they pur-
sue, and am prepared to resist it by all proper and
peaceful means in my power. Even if the right
of secession were clear, Mr. President, I maintain
that justice and good faith to the other States
lequire that redress for alleged grievances to the
South should first be sought at the hands of the
People, the fountain of political authority, and in
the forms prescribed in the Constitution. The
southern States should have petitioned Congress
for a convention of States to revise the Consti-
tution and remove the grievances of which they
complain. Inthisway they could have ascertained
the real sentiments and intentions of the northern
people towards them, and the great alternatives
of continued Union or peaceful separation could
have been determined upon. This was the course
of our fathers in reference to the old Confedera-
