1454
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 14,
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is not the
practice of the Chair, and it is not required by the
rules of the Senate* to call the attention or the
Senate to any business upon the Calendar, except
special orders, when the hour arrives for their
consideration.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I understand it is the uni-
versal custom, when the PresidingOfiicertakes the
Chair, to state the first business in order to be the
reading of the Journal, then petitions, memorials,
and reports, and then the Calendar, and to take it
up in its order. But, sir, I will not occupytime.
I can get at my object m another way, and the
debate will not be, in my opinion, suppressed on
the resolution. I withdraw the appeal.
SENATORS FROM THE SECEDING STATES.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Maine moves to proceed to the consideration
of the resolution submitted by him yesterday-
Mr. DOUGLAS, i ask for the yeas and nays
on that.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CLINGMAN. As 1 wish to get at the
resolution of the Senator from Illinois, X shall
vote " nay. "
The ques'ion being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 26, nays 13; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs Anthony, Bingham, Chandler, Clark,
Colhuner, Cowan, Doolittle, Fcsseiuten, Foot, Fo&toi,
Grimes, Hale, Uailan, Hams, Iiowc, King, Lane, Morrill,
Simmons, Suinnti ,Ton Eyck, Thomson, Tiumbull, Wado,
WilkiiKon. oiid Wilson—26.
NAYS—Alexis fireoKinndjje, Blight, Clingman. Doug-
las, Hunter. Latham,Al<i ou, Mitchcl, Nesmith, Nicholson,
Polk, Powell, and ltice—J3.
So the motion was agreed to: and the Senate
proceeded to consider the following resolution:
Resoh>ort, That Albert G. Brown and Jefferson
Davis of Stephen It. Mallory of Florida,
Clfmfnt C. ("lay, jr. of Alabama, Robert Toombs of
Gcoijjia, and .icnui l\ Benjamin of Louisiana, having
announced that tlicvaie nolongei member of the Senate,
ami liavma withdrawn tiiuicfrom, their seats in this body
have Uieieby become vacant, and the Secietary is directed
to t-mke then names tioiu the toll of mombeis.
Mr. FEtSSENDEN. I wish to say buta word
or two on this question. It will be recollected
that ut the layt session a motion was made to
amend tin; Journal, and an amendment offered to
that by the Senator from Illinois, I think substan-
tially the same with the proposition 1 have now
oifeied, including, however, some other names.
I have deemed it my duty to bring foiward this
proposition at the present time as exhibiting- the
position in which 1 consider the gentlemen whose
names are enumerated to stand, in order to have
the sense of the Senate upon it. The resolution
simply declares their beats vacant. 1 followed
the language of the Constitution, which declares
that seats may become vacant " by resignation or
otherwise," not stating in what partieulai manner.
The resolution simply declares that, in conse-
quence of certain matters which took place here
upon the floor of the Senate, with which we are
all acquainted, and the subsequent witlidiawal ot
those ttenatois after the declarations made by
them, their seats have thereby become vacant. I
stated to the Senate, at the time when the matter
was under consideration before, that, in my judg-
ment, the acts which took place here were a res-
ignation. 1 have seen no sort of occasion to
change the opinion i then expressed; but, mas-
much as it is not necessary to moot that question,
I have simpiy declared in the resolution that, by
the enunciation made, and the subsequent with-
drawal, the seats have become vacant; and that
tlmSecietary be directed to strike their names from
the roll. It is peifectly obvious to the Senate that
there must he some period when the Senate shall
act on questions of this description. Seats may
become vacant in various ways. The language
of the Constitution is, " by resignation or other-
wise," and upon that subject the Senate, unques-
tionably, is the proper judge; and I have brought
this resolution forward m order that that question
may ho settled, one way or the other. I have no
doubt abouf it myself; but every Senator will come
to Ins own conclusion on the subject.
Mr. BAYARD. 1 desire to oiler a substitute
for the resolution. I move to strike out all after
the woid '* resolved," and insert:
That Ai.bcrt G. Brown and Jefferson Davis of Mi-i-
sis>ippi, fitu'hcs It. Mallory of Florida. Clement C.
jr ot Alabama, Kubert Toombs of Georgia, and
i\ Benjamin of Louisiana, having announced that,
h> the - ecession ot tiuor respective States they were no
longer members of the Senate, and withdrawn therefrom,
the Secietary is directed tooirnt their names in calling the
roll of the Senate.
Mr. President, my objection to the resolution
of the honorable Senator from Maine is, that it
proceeds upon the idea that those Senators have
resigned, and that the seats have become vacant
by their resignation. Now, sir, I am perfectly
aware that on one side of this Chamber most of
the members hold that, by the act of secession on
the part of the States, the seats became vacant;
and it is denied on the other side that any such
effectobtains. There has been no resignation by
those Senators. I put in my resolution a state-
ment of the facts as they occurred: that they
avowed that, by the secession of their States, they
were no longer members of the Senate. The ma-
jority of the Senate do not, by my substitute,
recognize that fact as vacating1 their seats; but
they have undoubtedly a right to omit calling their
names. I wish to avoid any decision upon that
question. I do not see that any practical good is
to come from the decision of the question whether
the effect of secession is to vacate the seats or not;
but clearly there has been no resignation. Res-
ignation is a plain and direct term. By " resig-
nation or otherwise," the seat may be vacated.
Gentlemen say that these scats arc vacant by res-
ignation, and not otherwise. The fact is, that
there was no resignation. All that those Sena-
tors declared on tins floor was, that by the act of
secession of their States, they had ceased to be
members of the Senate. That is denied on one
side of the Chamber, and it is said that no such
effect results from it. If you deny that, how can
it be that their declaration of that effect constitutes
a resignation ? They did notiutend toiesign,and
an act of resignation must depend on the intent of
the party The scat, then, is not vacant; but I
propose to avoid that question by my substitute,
and simply to declare on the state of facts as they
occurred, that they, having made this declaration,
and having withdrawn, their namesshall be omit-
ted m calling the roll, without deciding whether
the seats are vacant or not. That you have an
undoubted right to do when they are not present.
But suppose one of those Senutois should re-
turn to tins Chamber: could, you decide that he
had resigned> Surely not. He never did resign.
Suppose ho should change his mind as to the
effect of secession, and come here and claim his
seat: could you say that he was no longer a mem-
ber of the Senate, unless you held that secession
did vacate the seat? There was no lesignation,
no pretense of resignation; on the contrary, it
was disclaimed by them all.
Now, Mr. President, it seems to me, that if
the object is—and I suppose the only object is—to
omit the form of calling the names of Senators
whom we know, from their declarations, will not
be here to answer, there is no necessity lor the
resolution in Us present form. That object can
be accomplished by the substitute that I have pro-
posed. On the other hand, however, you assert,
m the resolution as it stands, part of the decla
ration of the Senators who withdrew, and only
part; and you say that, m consequence of that
declaration, their seats are vacant. What does
that come to ? It is denied that the act of the con-
stituent, the State which the Senator represents,
can vacate his seat, and yet you declare that his
declaration that the State has done that act does
vacate his seat. Is that logical?
The members in retiring declared that they did
not resign, butthat their States had seceded; and,
by reason of that act, they no longer considered
themselves members of the Senate. You deny
the effect of that act of secession. On uhatau-
thonty, then, is it that you can declare, without
a resignation, that then seats are vacant?
There is no necessity whatever for the passage
of the resolution in that form. The substitute
which I have offered accomplishes all that is neces-
sary for the purpose of avoiding the unnecessary
calling of names on the roll of the Senate. Iliad
hoped that the honorable Senators on the other
side would accept the substitute, because it decides
nothing; it neither affirms the effect of secession
nor the right of secession; but simply directs, on
the state of facts existing—the Senators having
declared that they were no longer members of the
Senate, and having withdrawn from the body— |
that the Secretary shall omit calling their names !
on the roll of the Senate. That is ah; it leaves ;
the other question entirely undecided. Unless you
can make the declaration of a member, as to the
effect of the act of secession, a resignation, when
he tells you that he does not mean to resign, and
has not resigned, but that the action of his State
has rendered his seat vacant, unless you choose
to pervert his act entirely, you cannot declare the
seat vacant, without recognizing the act. I submit,
therefore, that the substitute ought to be adopted.
Again: the resolution, as it stands, embodies the
name of Albert G. Brown. If I am notgreatly
mistaken, Albert G. Brown did not open his hps
in the Senate in reference to withdrawal from it.
All we know is, that he has not been in attend-
ance since it was publicly known that the State of
Mississippi had, by the action of her convention,
withdrawn from the Federal CJnion. Thatisall
we know as to Mr. Brown, according to my recol-
lection. I believe he was not present when 'the
other Senators withdrew; he made no specch on
the subject; he made no declaration of any kind
to the Senate on the subject; he sent in no written
resignation. Then how," and on what principle is
it, that the Senate of the United States can de-
termine that Mr. Brown has resigned his seat in
the Senate, unless they recognize the act of the
State? I understand that, on the other side of this
Chamber, they do not mean to recognize that act
as having the effect of vacating the seat; and with-
out a resignation, a death, or some other cause,
the seat is not vacant unless the term hasexpired.
The absence of a Senator does not vacate his seat;
the witlidiawal of a Senator from his seat does not
vacate it. It may be the mal-performance of duty,
but it does not disturb his right to come here and
claim his seat again. And yet, what is the doc-
trine contended for by the honorable Senator from
Maine? That the declaration of a Senator of the
effect of an act of his State is equivalent to aresig-
tion, when you say that act has no such effect.
Cannot a man change his opinion as to the effect
of an act? Does it affect his rights? If secession
does not render the seat vacant, on what principle
is it that the declaration of the mere Representa-
tive or "Senator gives an effect to the act, which
the act itself has not per se ?
I submit to Senators that there is no necessity
for the decision of this question in any way what-
ever. It can reach no practical result, f do not
desire them to admit the right of secession, or
to recognize the effect of secession. All I ask of
them is, to leave the question undisturbed; and,
with a view to facilitate the business of the Sen-
ate, simply, on the facts stated, to omit the calling
of these names on the roll of the Senate. 1 think
that is the wiser course, under the circumstances,
unless it be the desire of any portion of the Senate
to complicate the affairs of the country, already
sufficiently complicated; to irritate passions al-
ready sufficiently aroused; and to afford additional
chances for the utter destruction of the Union,
when it is already sufficiently endangered.
I hope, Mr. President, that the Senate, if not
the honoiable Senator from Maine, will adopt the
substitute that I have offered, because it contains
a tiue statement of what occurred m the Senate;
it recites the declarations of the Senators, and that
the fact of withdrawal did take place; and then,
without passing upon the question of the effect of
the fact of withdrawal, without attempting to per-
vert a declaration into a resignation, which was
not intended as a resignation in any sense, hut
was disclaimed as a resignation,proceeds to direct
the Secretary to omit calling their names. I hope
the Senate will adopt the substitute.
Mr, MASON. I am perfectly satisfied that the
gentlemen whose names are recited in the resolu-
tion are not members of this Senate; and I am
perfectly willing to vote for a resolution declaring
that fact, and, with it, that their names shall be
omitted from the roll. I presume—I think I may
take it for granted—that the honorable Senator
who offered the resolution meant no discourtesy
to those who are named in it. It would seem to
be implied that their names are to be stricken from
the roll. Under any circumstances, I would sug-
gest that the word " omitted" be used.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have no objection to
making that modification.
M i\ MASON. 1 am sure the Senator intended
no discourtesy.
Mr. President, t say I would cheerfully—in-
deed, I should consider it incumbent on me to
vote for a resolution declaring that these gentle-
