1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
495
ask. I have done no wrong. My section of the
country has done no wrong. While I will not
beg them to forgive me, lam willing magnani-
mously to forgive all their backslidings, and do
anything I can to save this Union.
Now, Mr. President, this Union to me, as an
individual, is perhaps of little consequence; but
it is of great importance to this country and to the
world, and to those who are to follow us heieaf-
ter in the world; and, therefore, I am willing to
do anything a man can do to save it. With that
spirit I said to-day, and I say it in piivate circles
everywhere, I will go for the proposition of my
colleague, or for any other proposition to save the
country; but 1 will riot bo diagooned into this.
As a proud man, and a man representing a great
and proud State, these gentlemen cannot come
here, and talk to me as they would talk to one of
those beneath thorn: I am their equal. 1 am the
peer of the Senator from Virginia, and I will
maintain my equality with him here and else-
where. In the State of Pennsylvania, we have
interests which have been injured by the votes of
that gentleman, and of gentiemen from his sec-
tion of the country; but we are willing to overlook
all that for the sake of this country. As I said in
the beginning, thefolly of making speeches is illus-
trated by the little attention which that gentleman
and other persons on his side gave to my colleague
when he camc here with the olive branch; and I
therefore greatly prefer to let my action speak for
me.
Mr. MASON. Mr. President, I am utterly un-
conscious of having said anything in the world
to excite the wrath of the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania. I was reciting facts.
Mr. CAMERON. No, sir.
Mr. MASON. I understood the Senator to
agree witii mo that they were facts, i was recit-
ing the course which his judgment dictated to
him upon these measures before the Senate. I
understood him to admit they were true, every
one of them; and 1 was only expressing the sur-
prise which 1 felt, that after having followed that
course in reference to the resolutions of the Sen-
ator from Kentucky, when they were brought in
opposition to lesolutions offered by the Senator
from New Hampshire very recently, when ho
had gone so far as to move a reconsideration of
the vote by which the Kentucky resolutions had
been rejected, that there should have been so sud-
den a conversion as that we are called upon to
infer from what fell from him in reference to the
speech of his colleague. I can only say to the
Senator that I meant"nothing personally unkind
whatever; but I thought there was a probability
that in the report of pioceedings hoie—not by
our reporter, but in the way in whioii it gets into
the atmosphere—possibly the course of the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania might Wo mistaken by
my people; and I desired thatyit should not be
so. *
Now, one woid more, sin That honorable
Senator says that I seem to be seeking an excuse
to get out of this Union. Ah, Mr. President,
that day has passed. If I felt it necessary to find
an excuse, it would be to remain in the Union;
no excuse for going out of the Union, the Senator
may rely upon it. I confess, from what I have
seen here around me, and the votes that have been
taken, I am utterly at a loss to know whatexcusc
I could assign to my people for remaining in this
Union. An excuse to get out of the Union is not
necessary.
Sir, what a spectacle have we seen to-day! Six
Senators, representing three States, taking a
formal leave of the Senate, bringing here officially
to the notice of the Senate that their States were
no longer members of this Union. One State,
their predecessor, has had no Senators here during
the whole session. Another State, as we learn
from the telegraphic news, has already dissolved
its connection with this Union—five of them gone
 five States holding a homogeneous interest with
that which I represent. There is sympathy, in-
timate sympathy, necessary sympathy, between
my honored State and those in all those ties which
bind us together. That Senator talk to me of my
wanting an excuse to go out of this Union! I tell
the Senator, if he will look at it with the consid-
eration and calmness that becomes his position,
he would ask himself, as I would ask myself, can
f find an excuse m anyway for remaining in the
Union ? Can I assign any excuse to my honored
State for remaining in this Union—not ask for
an excuse to s;ct out of it ?
I may speak, perhaps, Mr. President, with the
temperament that belongs to my constitution, and
with some appearancc of warmth, when I do not
mean it. Earnestness, I mean. I mean not a
word of unkindness to any one here. I know if
there beany man that can shut up his intellect and
close his ears or his eyes to the facts around us,
I am not one of them. I know this Union is at
this day dissolved, absolutely dissolved. The
separation of one State is as much a dissolution
of the Union as the separation of uyi. The sep-
mation of five, so far as we have gone at px-esent
—and it is but a work of time to add to the list—
does no more, as far as the dissolution of the
Union is concerned, than to confirm the fact that
the Union is dissolved.
Honorable Senators on the other side of the
Chamber at least, I know, say the Union is not
dissolved; that the act of these States m separating
themselves from it is a void act. They do not
recognize it. The fact that the names of their
Senators remain here upon your list and are called
every day to vote, is evidence that in the sense of
Senators on that side at least, now in a majority,
they do not recognize the fact of separation.
Their recognition, or their refusal to recognize,
docs not change the fact in any form or shape
whatever. The States arc gone; the chairs here
arc vacant, never again to be filled under the ex-
isting state of things. What is the remedy?
Force? Coercion? The discipline that a peda-
gogue inflicts upon a village urchin at school''
"Honorable Senators entertain that idea m relation
to a sovereign State. They tell us we have but
to enforce the laws; that the Constitution is im-
perative upon the Executive head of enforcing the
laws; and that the Constitution is imperative upon
Congress, if any additional legislation is required
to give it, that the laws may be enforced. Sir,
the theory of the Government is against it. The
voice of humanity at this civilized age is against
it. You cannot enforce your laws against the
State that is no longer under your dominion by a
barbaious war, the last resort of the tyrant.
The theory of the Government unquestionably
is this: the laws are to be administered through
the courts; and resistance to thelaw is not known
to the Constitution unless it is resistance to the
law as expounded and administered in the courts.
Such is the whole tenor of our legislation. The
President has no power on earth to use a ship or
a soldier unless he is first admonished by the
civil tribunals of the country that there is a resist-
ance which the civil power of the country is un-
equal to overcome. Aie you to change that, and
give to the President the power of making war
by what you call enforcing the laws? Sir, you
cannot enforce the laws against one of these seced-
ing States unless you do change the law, and you
cannot change the law unless you violate the
Constitution. You cannot work out the problem
in any other way on earth that you fix it.
Well, sir, what remains? I am one of those
who have vunei a ted this Government for the good
that it did, and for the hopes of the future, as
much as any man who hears me. I saw a people
increasing from three to thirty million in a period
of history so small as not to be appreciated hi the
history of nations. I saw them increasing in
strength, in all the resources that belong to na-
tions—in intellect, wealth, power, respectability,
and knowledge. I saw that it was the fruit of
that Union winch our fathers devised; and if there
bo any man in this bioad continent who valued
that Union more than I did, I have yet to know
who he is. But when the preservation of that
Union is required of us at the expense of our do-
mestic safety and our domestic peace; when it is
required of us at the expense of our self-respect;
when it is required of us at the risk of destroy-
ing the very foundations of the social fabric upon
which the southern States repose, I say, let the
Union go, with whatever regret, with whatever
concern there may be—no remorse. I tell the
honorable Senator from Pennsylvania, for whom
I really entertain kind personal feelings, while
this thins: lasts I want no excuse for leaving this
Union. Would to God he would give me an
excuse for remaining in it!
Mr. President, there is but one thing remaining
for us, that I know of. The Union is dissolved—
gone. It is no longer a Union of thirty-three
States, as it was when this Congress commenced
its session, Iiow many States will remain here
in the next month I will not undertake to gay;
how many States will remain here on the 4th of
March next, when the present Congress expires,
I will not undertake to say; but I will undertake
to say this: that we shall not have, by many, the
States that are now here. Now, sir, we are in a
minority on this side, certainly as far as the South
is concerned. There are officially eight Senators
from the southern States absent, never to return.
Others are to follow necessarily, backed by their
States. If it is proposed to pass laws to coerce
those States, what will be the result? 1 need not
say to honorable Senators here, who themselves
are brave men, men conscious of their manhood,
of the honor of their States, and prepared to meet
any emergency that may present itself, that this
idea of coercion has no terrors for them. Much as
they would deplore it, they would deplore it from
the consequences that must follow, and not from*
any personal fear to themselves or to those con-
nected with them. They must deplore it from the
consequences that must follow. And what are
those conseqiicnccs? Why, sir, you make a war.
Call it enforcing the laws, if you please; call it
whippingachild who has been refractory;itiswar;
the exercise of public force on one side against
public force on the other. Well, what is the end
of war? Peace. What has been the consequence
of wat ? An unnecessary, barbarous,andindecent
allusion of human blood as a sacrifice to human
passion; the impoverishment of the societies
aiound you; the load of debt that is to be accu-
mulated; and more than all, the breaking up of all
those foundations upon which concord, or I should
rather say amity and good will and kindness,
should have rested among the inhabitants of the
States of North A merica. It is gone, sir, and you
have done it. You haveplacod it out of the power
of the southern States to confederate with you
any longer. You have not only declared your-
selves enemies, but you have made them feel that
you are enemies.
You may pursue a sentiment, or a vague idea,
that you are enforcing the laws when you are
making war; war that the civilized world will
acknowledge as such; war to be governed by all
the rules of war; and your idea of hanging for
treason is nonsense. According to my recollec-
tion, there was no man hung for treason during
the Revolution. Threats were abundant enough;
but in that war, made by dependent colonies upon
a strong and able maternal power, all their threats
of execution for treason vanished into thin air.
It was war. If it is instituted now, it will be
followed by a peace. That peace will restore
what treaties call amity; but it will be only that
amity that is spoken of on the cold pages of his-
tory. We shall stand, I should fear, for genera-
tions in a hostile relation to each other, which it
will take more than generations to remove and
bring about actual peace.
I say to honorable Senators on the other side,or
to the section which they represent, that peace or
war is in their hands. The issue of war is not;
but the fact of peace or war is in your hands, or
those whom you represent. We have no voice
iriit. If war comes, it is to be made upon us;
we are to accept it, not to institute it. The whole
responsibility will be with you, and you will
have to answer to the generations which are to
follow for all the consequences of that war.
Why have a war? Realize existing facts, and 1
you have no war. Realize the existing fact that
the constituents of this Government are sovereign
powers, and that thoso sovereign powers are not
mere component parts of a common empire. Re-
monstrate with them, reason with them as you
will, about the exercise of their sovereignty, but
concede it. When those States who have left us,.
and those States that are to follow, shall have
assumed their condition of independence, they
will say to you—mark my woid for it—wc are
ready cither for war or negotiation. Deride it if
you please; plume yourselvesupon the numerical
strength which you possess; talk of your eigh-
teen million against eight or nine million; bring
the barbaric force of numbers to bear upon the
southern States, and you will have a war such
as the world has seldom, if ever, seen—a war that
must terminate m a peace or extermination. But
what is the opposite? Let them go; regret it,
remonstrate, denounce it if you will; but let them
