49*6
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 21.
go. Then the good sense of nations will return,
when passion has subsided, and a union may be
restored or reconstructed, which never can be
done if the mad passions of the day prevail which
seem now to prevail at the North. I am sorry
to detain the Senate thus long; but I confess that
I felt anxious to expose to the constituents of the
honorable Senator from Pennsylvania, as well as
to my own, that in the present posture of the
country, I and those with whom 1 stand ask no
excuse for leaving this Union; but we shall be
deeply grateful, as after ages will be, to him, if he
will give us an excuse to remain.
Mr. HALE obtained the floor.
Mr. CAMERON. Mr. President 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from- New Hampshire is entitled to the floor.
Mr. CAMERON. I hope he will give way to
allow me to say another word.
Mr. HALE. I have already given way once,
and half the Senate has spoken on that leave.
Mr. CAMERON. I hope 1 shall be allowed to
say a word. If I am interrupted now in the thread
of my discourse, I shall forget all about it, and
not be able to say anything at all.
Mr. HALE. Go on.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire give way?
Mr. HALE. Yes, sir.
Mr. CAMERON. Mr. President, I am very
sorry that the Senator from Virginia took the
trouble to tell us whatwill be the resultsof a sep-
aration of this Union. The discussion between
him and me is a very small affair, which I thought
would have passed with a word or two from him;
but when he goes on to talk about the North,
charging them with treason, bloodshed, and war,
1 must bo compelled to say a word.
Mr. MASON. I charged no treason.
Mr. CAMERON. I think you talked about
treason. I took down the woid at the time. I
have paid earnest attention to this discussion from
the commencement of our meeting here. I have
never heard in this Senate, on this side of it, a
single man talk about treason in regaid to this
question. No man here on this side has ever
talked about eighteen million against nine million.
On the contrary, everybody on this side has been
for peace, and particularly desirous that nobody
here should give offense to the other side. That
is the feeling of my State, and that is the feeling
here.
Now, if there is to be war, the gentlemen on
the other side, and especially the gentleman from
Virginia, bring upon us this war Virginia has
been looked up to as the mother of States and
statesmen. We, who profess democratic princi-
ples, have loved her and herprinciples; and when
she becomes recreant to her principles and to the
Constitution of the country, then we may look
for trouble. I tell you that no one in Pennsylva-
nia—and I only speak for her—ever thinks of war;
but if war must come, we will meet it as becomes
men. Hut, sir, we will give up not only our pre-
judices, but our feelings; and, as I said before,
even a portion of our principles on this subject of
slavery,to gratify the South.
This country has been controlled for seventy
years by the shareholding interest. I have never
desired, and no man of common sense in my State
has ever desired, to bring the negro into equality
with the while man. No man ever dreamed of
liberating the staves in the southern Status. We
* object to southern statesmen and southern poli-
ticiansand southern intriguants working upon the
prejudices of their people, so as to make them be-
lieve the whole North were combined against their
interests, for the purpose of elevating their men
to high places in this Union That is the feeling
we have. Why, sir, upon every occasion, in the
last thirty years, the interests of Pennsylvania
have been stiicken down by the South every-
where. When the interests of Pennsylvania came
up for discussion,southern men voted againstus;
and yet we have stood by the South and by the
Union; because we loved the Union, and because
we had our ancient feelings for the South, and a
fraternal love for southern men.
The Senator from Virginia knows I am no
speaker. He said so much m reply to me that I
have forgotten what he did say; but I desire to
say now, in short, that if tins Union falls, it will
be'no act of ours; it will be no act of the North
We have committed no aggressions. I believe
their wrongs are imaginary; and as a proof of it,
if they will bring forward any projet upon which
they will call this question settled, the North will
come in and sustain it. Tell us what you want;
tell us what your wrongs are; and then ask us to
redress them. You cannot .drive us to madness
by bullying us; because we are your equals. We
do not undertake coercion, nor war, because we
believe you are as brave as wc are; but if you
want this Union preserved, let us know wherein
we have done wrong, and we will try to cor-
rect it.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I think, sir, if the Sena-
tors on this side of the Chamber, and the Sena-
tors on the other side, would imitate the very
laudable spirit manifested by the Senator from
Pennsylvania, who has just taken his seat, cer-
tainly this Government would suffer no detri-
ment, but I think great good might result to our
common country. I see nothing in the remarks
of the Senator from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Cam-
eron*,] that justifies the spirit of this debate. I
look at it as an omen of good. It comes from the
Senator of a great State; a State which, perhaps,
can do as much as any other to quiet the public
mind, and restore peace and harmony to a now
distracted country. Sir, I believe that the Sena-
tor from Pennsylvania was sincere when he de-
clared his willingness to do everything in his
power to save the Union of these States; and though
it may be true that four or five States may have
declared themselves out of this Union, if the other
side of the Chamber will meet this question in the
same spirit in which it has been met by the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania, the Union will not be
permanently dissolved, but it will continue in the
future, as it has been in the past, not only—
"A union of lakes, an l a union oflamls,
A union which none shall sever;"
But it will be—
"A union of heart-*, and a union ofhands,
And a union of States, foiever.*'
I therefore invoke Senators on both sides to
imitate the very laudable spirit manifested by the
Senator from Pennsylvania. Let us idise our-
selves to the height of this great argument, and
the people of the whole country, North and South,
East and West, will say, nor only that we have
manifested the right disposition, but that dispo-
sition which will mure not only to our own ben-
efit, but to the benefit of all aees to come.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. What is the question?
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Polk in
the chair.) The question is on the motion of the
Senator fiom Massachusetts, that this subject be
postponed until Wednesday, at half past twelve
o'clock.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. And the reason as-
signed is, that the Pacific railroad hill is set for
to-morrow. Sir, I do not intend to continue this
debate. The question probably is in the hands
of the friends who sit on my left, [alluding to the
Republican Senators.] Whether this great sub-
ject shall be postponed, and a preference given to
the railroad bill, I hope gentlemen will think upon
as it is and as it iTlust be viewed by the country.
Do you intend, gentlemen, do you desire—I am
sure you do not—to manifest to the country your
indifference to the great question of the settlement
of our national difficulties? Is it indifference to
the Union ? That is the question. I hope you
will decide it. I shall be content to see every
question of this sort in your hands, and to be de-
cided by you. Notwithstanding all the votes
that have been given, I, gentlemen, have confi-
dence in you. I think I can answer the question
of my honoiable friend from Virginia when
he makes the question of who is hcie for the
Union. I hope we who are now here, and every
one of us, will continue to the end of the session;
and I hope that in the mean time we shall have
reestablished the bonds of national and fraternal
brotherhood. I hope that we shall see returning
those who have gone out of this Chamber, and
that we shall meet rejoiced m that reunion which
is to take place. This must be by some action
done on the part of Congress, to satisfy, it may
be, the susceptibilities, to satisfy the apprehen-
sions, to satisfy the claims, of (hose who have
gone. I think it will cost nothing to grant this.
1 think it will be grant< d, notwithstanding all the
inauspicious appearances here presented." 1 think
we shall reunite here again. After more separa-
tion and more disunion, I trust wc shall come to-
gether in peace and brotherhood as we have here-
tofore.
I do not intend to continue this discussion. I
hope that the motion to postpone will not pre-
vail. Sir, it may be of very little consequence
whether it does or not; it may be in reality of but
very little significance; but it will strike the pub-
lic mind as inauspicious. It will harden public
feeling North and South, to see this manner of
treatment of the subject. I hope we shall con-
tinue at it until we shall arrive at some decision;
and I trust that that decision will be one of a con-
ciliatory and compromising character. With this
hope, I oppose this motion to postpone.
Mr. POWELL. I move that the Senate ad-
journ.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Polk in
the chair.) Will the Senator withdraw that mo-
tion for a few moments? The Chair would like
to present a number of House bills which have
been brought in, that they may be read a first
and second time, and appropriately referred.
[" Agreed!"]
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The following bills and joint resolutions from
the House of Representatives were severally read
twice by their titles, and referred as indicated
below:
A bill (No. 833) for the relief of Eben Adams
—to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
A bill (No. 899) making appropriations for the
support of the Army for the year ending June 30,
1862—to the Committee on Finance.
A bill (No. 275) for the relief of the children
of Lieutenant Nathaniel Smith, deceased—to the
Committee on Pensions.
A bill (No. 299) for the payment of expenses
incurred in the suppression of Indian hostilities in
California—to the Committee on Military Affairs
and Militia.
A bill (No. 94) for the relief of Augustus H.
Evans—to the Committee on Claims.
A bill (No. 263) for the relief of John John-
ston, of Ohio—to the Committee on Indian
Affairs.
A bill (No. 356) for the relief of the creditors
of Daniel B. Vondersmith—to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
A bill (No. 390) for the relief of Stephen Bun-
nell—to the Committee on Pensions.
A bill (No. 623) for the relief of William Cow-
ing—to the Committee on Claims.
A bill (No. 654) granting a pension to Thomas
Boodle—to the Committee on Pensions.
A bill (No. 724) for the relief of Sampson Stun-
fill—to the Committee on the Judicialy.
A bill (No. 740) granting an increase of pension
to .Tone W. McKee,widow of Colonqj William
R. McKee, of the tecond regiment of Kentucky
volunteers—to the Committee on Pensions.
A bill (No. 858) granting a pension to Rufus
L. Harvey—to the Committee on Pensions.
A bill (No. 876) for the benefit of Gabriel J.
Johnston—to the Committee on Private Land
Claims.
A bill (No. 926) granting an invalid pension
to Peter Navarre—to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
A bill (No. 941) for the relief of James M.
Adams, Henry D. McKinney, and William D.
Adams—to the Committee on Claims.
A bill (No. 942) fur the relief of Sallie C. North-
rup—to the Committee on Public Lands.
A bill (No. 943) to provide for bringing up the
arrearages of the land office at Olympia, Wash-
ington Territory—to the Committee oti Public
Lands.
A joint resolution (No. 51) repealing a joint
resolution relating to the claim of George Fisher,
deceased, late of Florida, approved June 1, 1860
—to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
A joint resolution (No. 59) authorizing Com-
modore H. Paulding to receive a sword and a
grant of land awarded to him by the Republic of
Nicaragua—to the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is now on the motion of the Senator from Ken-
tucky, that the Senate adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
