1458
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 15,
receive a permit to land the goods, and pay the
duties at any other place in the district designated
in the permit. The only case, then, where reve-
nue can lawfully be collected, or goods lawfully be
entered, at any other point than the portof entry
designated in the law, is where the vessel is ob-
structed by ice from approaching the wharf at
such port. Such being the case, no revenue can
be collected at Charleston, Savannah, Mobile, or
New Orleans, or any other of those ports which
are now in the possession of the "confederate"
States.
It has been suggested, and the people of the
country, north and south, have been ied to be-
lieve, thatit is the purpose of this Administration,
without authority of law, to order revenue cutters
down to those southern ports, and to collect rev-
enue on board of them. I wish to call the atten-
tion of the Senate and the country to the fact that
the law forbids the collection of revenue on ship-
board or anywhere else, except at Charleston, at
Savannah, at New Orleans, and at each one of the
ports designated in the law. The President of
the United States would subject himself justly
and lawfully to impeachment if he should attempt
to collect revenue on ship-board, or m any other
manner, or at any other place, than that author-
ized by law. The law in this respect stands now
just as it did when General Jackson, in 1832,
called on Congress for additional legislation to en-
able him to collect revenue at the port of Charles-
ton. Then General Jackson had no power to re-
move the custom-house from the city of Charleston
to ship-board in the harbor, lie had no power to
order the collection of revenue anywhere else than
at the place designated by law. Because of the
absence of legal authority to do this, he called on
Congress to pass a law winch authorized him to
collect the revenue on land or ship-board, any-
where within the harbor other than at the place
designated as the port of entry. Congress passed
the law known to tho country as the " force bill."
The force bill was passed March 2, 1833; and
the first and fifth sections, which gave authority
to collect the revenue at any place in the harbor,
and the power to use military force, expired at
the end of the next session of Congress by the
express limitation of the act. Hence the law
.stands now just as it did before the force bill was
passed; and there is no more authority to collect
revenue on ship-board now than there was before
the passage of the act of 1833. But, sir, even if
the force bill were now m operation, it would not
be possible to collect the revenue under it in the
existing state of the case; for that bill confines the
right to collect revenue within the port itself,
whereas ali these ports arc now in possession of
the southern confederacy, so that you cannot
place a ship inside of the bar. Your vessel would
have to be out in the open sea, and could not come
into the port at all. What is true of Charleston
in this respect is clearly correct of Savannah, of
Mobile, and of New Orleans. They are all sit-
uated from thirty to forty, or fifty, and two hun-
dred miles from the sea. You cannot and dare
not place a collector of customs at either of these
places until you conquer the city where your col-
lector is to reside. You cannot, under the law,
collect the revenue anywhere else, either on ship-
board or on land. Then, what danger is thereof
any collision between this Government and the
seceded States upon the question of collecting rev-
enue? There is none, unless Senators suppose
that the President of the United States is going to
violate the law and his oath of office by using
force to do that which the law forbids him to do.
I do not believe Mr. Lincoln is going to do any
such thing.
But we are told that the country is to be pre-
cipitated into war by blockading all the southern
ports; blockadingports within the United States;
blockading our own ports with our own Army
and Navy I Where is the authority for that?
What law authorizes the President of the United
States to blockade Federal ports at discretion ?
He has no more authority to blockade New Or-
leans or Charleston than he has to blockade New
York or Boston; and no more legal right to block-
ade Mobile than Chicago. Sir, I cannot consent
that the President of the United States i^ay, at
his discretion, blockade the pons of the United
States or of any other country. He can do only
what the Constitution and laws authorize him to
do. He dare not attempt to obstruct commerce
at the mouth of the Mississippi river, or at Mo-
bile, or at any other port in the seceded States,
or even those that have remained loyal to the
Constitution and to the Union. The intimation
that he is to do this implies a want of respect for
the integrity of the President, or an ignorance of
the laws of the land on the part of those who are
disturbing the harmony and quiet of the country
by threats of illegal violence.
Mr. KING. Will the Senatorallow me to ask
him a question in relation to this matter? Is it
not the duty of the President to prevent smug-
gling in all the ports of this Union?
Mr. DOUGLAS. 1 am not talking about smug-
gling. It is his duty to enforce the laws of the
land in respect to smuggling.
Mr. KING. Certainly.
Mr. DOUGLAS. But, sir, it is not his duty
to prevent smuggling in any other mode or by
any other means than those provided by law.
Will the Senator from New York intimate to the
Senate and to the country that, under the pretext
of preventing smuggling, the President can close
a port created by law, and stop all commerce con-
nected with it? Will he intimate that, under sus-
picion that if the revenue cutter allows a vessel
to enter the port of New Orleans she will not pay
any duties, therefore the President will prevent
her going "'there > The law gives him no such
power, no such discretion. The revenue cutter
may board a merchant vessel when i t arrives within
the district, for the purpose of examining her
papers and seeing- if they are correct. If they
are, she cannot, dare not, arrest the progress of
the ship; cannot, dare not, demand the paymentof
duties. The captain of a revenue cutter has no
power tocollect duties; no right to detain the ves-
sel; no right to obstruct commerce; no right to do
any other act than that authorized by the law—
which is, simply to inspect her papers. The sug-
gestion, therefore, of the Senator from New York,
that these ports of the United States are to be
blockaded by the Navy at the discretion of the
President, underprctense ofprevcntingsmuggling,
only shows how loosely even Senators talk about
the powers and duties of the President. Prevent
smuggling! To do that, ho is going to stop the
ship out at sea, on its way into the port, and col-
lect duties! flow will that correspond with the
rights of the importer to place his goods in ware-
house, and keep them there during the time al-
lowed by law, and reexport them withoutpaying
duties? Sir, such an act would be equivalent to
abolishing the warehousing system. It is not
necessary to argue the question. There is no Iuw
that authorizes it. To do the act, or attempt it,
would be one of those high crimes and usurpa-
tions that would justly subject the President of
the United States to impeachment.
But we are told that the Piesident is going to
enforce the laws in the seceded States. How?
By calling out the militia and using the Army and
Navy! These terms arc used as freely and as
flippantly as if we were in a military Government
where martial law was the only rule of action,and
the will of the monarch was the only law to the
subject. Sir, the President cannot use the Army,
or tho Navy, or the militia, for any purpose not
authorized by law; and then he muse do it in the
manner, and only in the manner, prescribed by
law. What is that? Jf there be an insurrection
in any State against the l'iws and authorities
thereof, the President can use the military to put
it down only when called upon by the State Le-
gislature, if it be in session, or, if it cannot be
convened, by the Governor. He cannot interfere
except when requested. If, on the contrary, the
insurrection be against the laws of the United
States instead of a State, then the President can
use the military only as a posse comitatus in aid
of the marshal in such cases as arc so extreme
that judicial authority and the powers of the mar-
shal cannot put down the obstruction. The mil-
itary cannot be used in any case whatever except
in aid of civil process to assist the marshal to
execute a writ. I shall not quote the laws upon
this subject; but if gentlemen will refer to the acts
of 1795 and 1807, they will find that under the act
of 1795 the militia only could be called out to aid
in the enforcement of the laws#when resisted to
audi an extent that the marshal could not over-
come the obstruction. By the act of 1807, the
President is authorized to use the Army and Navy
to aid m enforcing the laws in all cases where it
was before lawful to use the militia. Hence the
military power, no matter whether Navy, regu-
lars, volunteers, or militia, can be used only in
aid of the civil authorities.
Now, sir, how are you going to create a case
in one of these seceded States where the President
would be authorized to call out the military ? You
must first procure a writ from the judge describ-
ing the crime; you must place that in the hands
of the marshal, and he must meet such obstruc-
tions as render it impossible for him to execute
it; and then, and not till then, can you call upon
the military. Where is your judge in the seceded
States? Where is your marshal? You have no
civil authorities there, and the President, in his
inaugural, tells you he does not intend to appoint
any. He said he intended to use the power con-
fided to him, to hold, occupy, and possess the
forts, and collect the revenue; but beyond this he
did not intend to go. You are told, therefore, in
the inaugural, that he is going to appoint no
judges, no marshals, no civil officers, in the se-
ceded States, that can execute the law; and hence
we are told that he does not intend to use the Army,
the Navy, or the militia, for any such purpose.
Then, sir, what cause is there for apprehension
that the President of the United States is going to
pursue a war policy, unless he shall call Congress
for the purpose of conferring the power and pro-
viding the means? I presume no Senator will
pretend that he has any authority under the ex-
isting law to do anything in the premises except
what I have stated and in the manner I have
stated. If I am mistaken in regard to these laws,
I shall be obliged to any Senator who will correct
me. I have examined them carefully, and I think
I have stated them accurately; butif not, I should
like to be corrected.
But it may be said that the President of the
United States ought to have the power to collect
the revenue on ship-board, to blockade the ports,
to use the military to enforce the laws. I say, it
may be said that he ought to have that power.
Bo that as it may, the President of the United
Stales has not asked for that power. He knew
that he did not possess it under the existing'laws
—for we are bound to presume that he is familar
with the laws which he took an oath to execute.
We are bound to presume that he knew, when he
spoke of collecting revenue, that he had no power
to collect it on ship-board, or elsewhere than at
the ports. We are bound to presume that, when
he said he would use the power confided to him
to hold, occupy, and possess the forts and other
property of the United States, he knew he could
not call out the militia for any such purpose under
the existing law. We are bound to presume that
he knew of this total absence of power on all
these questions.
Then, sir, if he did know that he had no power
to do any of these things, we must understand
that he referred to the future action of Congress
when lie said he should execute the laws in all
the States unless the "requisite means were with-
held." That brings up the question whether we
are going to withhold the means or not. I take
it for granted that the means of making war on
those States, either to collect revenue, or to regain
possession of the forts, or to enforce the laws
within their limits, will not be conferred by Con-
gress; and 1 come to that conclusion from the fact
that, while his political friends—the Republicans
—have had the power to clothe him with these
means for the last six weeks in both Houses of
Congress; while they knew that he could not re-
gain possession of the forts, custom-houses, arse-
nals, and other public property, without such
additional power; while they knew that he could
not collect the revenue without this additional
authority; while they knew that he could not
blockade the ports unless Congress gave express
authority, yet they did not confer that power on
him.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Will the Senator allow
me to ask him if there was a single day in the
last Congress when the Republicans had a major-
ity in this Senate to the very last moment of H ?
Mr. DOUGLAS, I repeat, they knew 
Mr. FESSENDEN. That I do not dispute;
I am not raising a question on that; but the Sen-
ator said we had the power to do it. I ask him
whether there was a day during the last session
of Congress when the Republicans were in the
majority in this body ?
