498
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 21,
by the select committee of which I am chairman
to offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That the special committee, to whom was re-
ferred the President's message of the Oth instant have leave
to sit during the sessions of this House ; and that they have
leave to repoit fiom time to time, in their discretion.
Mr. WINSLOW. I object to that resolution,
sir.
THOMAS LAURENT.
On motion of Mr. WALTON, the Committee
of Claims was discharged from the farther con-
sideration of the petition of Thomas Laurent;
and the same was referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
HENRY BRAGG.
Mr. WALTON, from the Committee ofClaims,
made an adverse report on the memorial of Henry
Bragg; which was laid upon the table, and ordered
to be printed.
HARRIS AND BUTTERWORTII.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri, from the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads, reported back
Senate bill No. 23, for the relief of Arnold Har-
ris & Samuel F. Butterworth, and asked that the
same be put upon its passage.
Mr. THOMAS. I must object to that.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. The bill is unani-
mously reported from the Committee on the Post
Officc and Post Roads; it passed the Senate unan-
imously last session.
Mr. THOMAS. I have no objection to hearing
the report read.
The Clerk read the bill.
Mr. CIIAIG, of Missouri. If the gentleman
from Tennessee will give me his attention for a
moment, I think I can satisfy him that he ought
to vote for tins bill.
Mr. THOMAS. Let the report be read first,
and then I will listen to the gentleman.
The Clerk proceeded to read a report made in
the Senate.
Mr. HICKMAN. That is not the House
report. There is a report from the Judiciary
Committee of the Housu.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. If the gentleman
from Pennsylvania will allow me to make a state-
ment one minute long, I will satisfy him that the
bill ought to pass.
Mr. SHERMAN. I call for the regular order
of business.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. I wish to inquire
if it is in order for me to move to suspend the
rules ?
The SPEAKER. Not now.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. Then I beg the
gentleman from Ohio to let me make a statement
about a minute long.
Mr. SHERMAN. The gentleman ought not
to intrude this business upon the hour expressly
reserved, under the rules, for other business.
The SPEAKER then proceeded to call the
States and Temtones for bills and resolutions,
beginning, whore the call was last left off, with the
State of Indiana.
POSTAL SERVICE.
Mr. COLFAX introduced a bill in relation to
postal service; which was read a first and .second
time.
Mr. COLFAX. I move that the bill be referred
to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads, It is a bill of a great deal of importance,
and will probably be called up at an early day, if
the committee shall agree to report it back. It is
very brief, and 1 hope that it will be read, so that
gentlemen may understand it.
The bill was read, as follows:
Whereas in several States of the Union, the judges, dis-
trict attorneys, and marshals, commissioned by the Gov-
ernment ot the United States tor said States, liavo resigned
their office*, and it appears impracticable, m consequence
of revolutionary ptoceedmgs therein, to (ill tho vacancies
thurf created ; and wheieas the Government of the United
States it. thus without any means of collcctingor enforcing
in such States {lie payment of the postal revenues from the
officers collecting the same, or of punching violations of
the postal laws, committed by robberies of tho mails, or
othenvw. or of enforcing the performance of mail con-
tract:-; Therefore,
He it enactcd, That in all States which are or may here-
after he situated as above, the Po-tmastei General is heieby
directed to dis-crmmiU'J the postal service for such period
of tunc a--, in hi> judgment, the public interest may require,
and shall repoit hu action to Congress.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. How does
that bill come here ?
The SPEAKER. It is introduced upon a reg-
ular call in the regular order of business.
Mr. BRANCH. I think it would be better to
refer that bill to the select committee of five, to
whom this whole class of subjects has been re-
ferred by an order of the House. I think incon-
venience will result from distributing them out to
the standing committees, when the whole subject
has been referred to a select committee. I think
the gentleman from Indiana had better move to
refer his bill to tho select committee.
Mr. COLFAX. I prefer its reference to the
standing committee; and I assure the gentleman
that, if it shall be favorably reported on, he shall
have on opportunity to be heard. The reason
why it is introduced is simply because we have
no means of protecting our mails in those regions.
I insist on my motion that the bill be referred to
the Committee on the PostOflice and Post Roads.
Mr. BRANCH. Well, Mr. Speaker, I cannot,
perhaps, give fully tho reasons why I desire that
the bill shall go to the select committee of five;
but this whole class of subjects has been referred
to that committee. I submit the motion that tho
bill be referred to the select committee of five.
Mr. COLFAX. By the rules, when two mo-
tions to refer are made, a motion to refer to a
standing committee takes precedence.
The SPEAKER. That is so.
The question was taken on Mr. Colfax's mo-
tion; and it was agreed to.
So the bill was referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. COLFAX moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was so referred; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
TIIE CRITTENDEN ADJUSTMENT.
Mr. ENGLISH offered the following resolu-
tion, and moved the previous question on its adop-
tion:
Resolved, That the present alarming condition of the
country linpeiatively demands that Congress should take
immediate steps topreseive the peace and maintain the
Union, by removing, a^ f:u a^ possible, all causes of irrita-
tion and division; and to that end patuotism should prompt
a cheerful surrender of all partisan prejudice* and minor
differences of opinion ; nnd thm ifou-e. believing the plan
of adjustment pioposcd by Hon. Jon\T J. Critti:ndkn, in
the Senate, December 1G, 18(50, would be an equitable and
honoiable compromise, involving no sacrifice to any party
or section that should not piomptlybe made for the pake
of the inestimable blessings of peace and a united country,
hereby instruct the committee of thirty-thiee heietofore ap-
pointed by the House to repoit, without delay, the neces-
sary measures to carry that plan into practical effect.
Mr. SHERMAN. I presume that resolution
is introduced simply for reference.
Mr. ENGLISH. It is an expression of opin-
ion by this House, and I wish to have it voted on
now.
Mr. SHERMAN. Is it a joint resolution or
a simple resolution of this House?
Mr. ENGLISH. It is a simple resolution in-
dorsing the C uittrnden compromise, thepoints of
which are well known to all men in the country.
The SPEAKER. We are now calling on
States for resolutions, under tho following rule of
the House:
"Repofts ftom committees having been presented and
disposed of, the Speaker shall call for resolutions lromthc^
members of each £tate and Delegates fiom eaeliTerritoiy,
beginning with Maine and the Tciritoiy last oiganizod al-
ternately; and they shall not bo debated on the very day of
their being piesented; nor on any day assigned by the
House tor the leeeipt of lesolution-?, unless whcie the
House shall diroct oihciwi-e, but >-hatl lie on the table to
be taken up in the older in which they wore pi evented;
and it on am day the whole of the States and Temtones
shall not be oalh d, the Hpeakei shall begin on the next day
where he Jolt oil the picvioti-; day; piovuledthat no mem*-
ber shall offer more than one i(solution, or one series of
lesoiutions, all uiating to the tame subject, until all the
States and Temtones thai! have been cailed."
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Is the reso-
lution open for discussion 5
The SPEAKER. No, sir.
Mr. WASHIHJ RNE, of Illinois. If the House
refuse to second the pievious question,I propose
to discuss the resolution.
Mr, ENGLISH. I hope the other side of tho
House will give us an opportunity of voting on
this proposition,
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Craig, of
Missouri, and Spinm.ii were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 60, noes 92.
So the previous question was not seconded.
Mr. GROW. I suppose the resolution goes
over.
The SPEAKER. If any gentleman propose
to debate the resolution, it lies over.
Mr. WASHBURNE^ of Illinois. I propose to
discuss it.
The SPEAKER. Then the resolution lies
over.
Mr. ENGLISH. I wish to call the attention
of the country to the fact that the Republican side
of the House will not even allow us to have a
vote upon the proposition.
Mr. GROW. The Republican side of the
House will vote when it pleases them.
RESOLUTIONS OF A CONVENTION IN ILLINOIS-
Mr. FOUKE. I ask leave to present a scries
of resolutions, adopted in a convention in the State
of Illinois.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I object to
their reception.
The SPEAKER. They cannot be received if
objected to.
SUPPRESSION OF HOSTILE EXPEDITIONS.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois, offered the follow-
ing resolution; which was read, considered, and
agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be, and
aie hereby, specially instructed to inquire into the expe-
diency and necessity of repoiting a bill amendatory of the
laws now in force, providing for the suppression of hostile
expedition? within the limits of the United States against
friendly or neutial Poweis, so as to make it a penal offense
for anypcisonor persons within the United States to fit
out sueh expeditions within such States to aid or abet the
people of a State which has declaied itself out of the Union,
and occupying a position outside of or hostile to the right-
ful authorities and laws thereof.
RAILROAD GRANT IN MISSOURI.
Mr. PHELPS, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill to amend the act entitled "An act
granting the right of way in the State of Missouri,
and a portion of the public lands, to aid iij the
construction of certain railroads in said State;"
which was read a first and second time.
Mr. PHELPS. I desire the attention of the
House for one moment to a statement of the ob-
ject of this bill. If there be objection to its con-
sideration now, I will, as a matter of course, let
it go to the Committee on Public Lands. The
object of this bill is to extend the time within
which a railroad company in Missouri may claim
a grant of land made to aid in its construction.
The time limited in the act was ten years. It is
proposed now to extend the time for five years
more. That is all that is in the bill, and it is im-
portant that it should be passed.
Mr. STANTON. This subject of extending
the time of railroad grants is a very important
question,and I think this bill had better go to the
Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. PHELPS. I will merely remark to the
gentleman from Ohio that the bill expressly de-
clares that it shall have the same effect as if the
term of fifteen yeais had been originally inserted.
Mr, STANTON There may bono objection
to the bill itself; but I prefer that it should go to
the Committee on Public Lands.
The bill was referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
POWERS OF THE FEDERAL GOVERNMENT.
Mr. VANDEVER offered the following reso-
lutions:
Resolved, That the Constitution confeis upon the Gen-
eial Government no power to interfeie with the condition
of persons held to seiviee or labor in the seveial States of
this Union under the laws thereof.
Resolved, That whatever may be the power of the Gen-
etal Government, or of a teintorial government over sla-
very, or involuntary servitude in the territories, forts, ai-
senaH,and dock-yards of the Union, or in the District of
Columbia, the exercise of sueh power can afford no just
giound for a dissolution of this Union,
Resolved, That the Constitution of the United States,
and the laws made in pursuance thereof, are paramount to
any State legislation.
Resohe-l, That it h not expedient to propose amend-
ments to the Federal Constitution at this time.
Resolved, That a government designed without power
to maintain its authoiitv. execute its laws, and protect its
property, i-  not fit to he'maintamcd.
Mr. BRANCH. I hope those resolutions will
be put upon their passage now.
Mr. HINDMAN. I would be glad to have
the resolutions read again. 1 am anxious to have
a vote taken on all these propositions.
Mr. VANDEVER. I desire to say, in regard
