1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I understand the question,
and I choose to answer it in my own way. I say
they knew they had the power to pass these meas-
ures in both Houses of Congress. They con-
sulted and'conversed about some of these meas-
ures; approached this side of the Chamber. They
knew that they had the power to pass the bills,
if they brought them in. But, sir, I believe they
had even a majority for a considerable portion of
the time, in consequence of the absence of Mr.
Pugh, Mr. Saulsbuky, and perhaps other Sena-
tors on this side. But I am not going to allow
the gentleman to evade this well-known truth by
any such question. In addition to the absence
of Mr. Pugh and Mr. Saulsbury, it was well
known that the two Senators from Texas would
not vote against such measures.
Mr. COLLAMER. That was more than we
knew.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Not more than you knew,
because one of them certainly, if not both, told
us so from his seat in the Senate.
But, Mr. President, let us look at this, if the
excuse is going to be want of power. They got
up a force bill in the House, and had the power
to pass it any moment there, but postponed it
from time to time until the President elect got
here, and then it was put to sleep at once, stran-
gled, and never allowed to see the light or breathe
the breath of life. Why so ? What is the infer-
ence? Why did they not pass it in the House,
and send it up here ? They sent to us a bill to
authorize the Postmaster General to suspend the
mails. There was no difficulty in passing it here.
They talked about passing a law authorizing the
abolition of the ports of entry. There was no dif-
ficulty in the passage of it. Why not propose
them? The only inference is, that they did not
want them. Did they not know that they had
no such authority? Did not the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means know that he
could not collect revenue anywhere except at the
port ? Will the Senators upon that side of the
Chamber tell us that they were ignorant of the
state of the laws on these great questions ? Will
the chairman of the Committee on Military Af-
fairs, with all his experience and ability and vigil-
ance, tell us that he did not know of this absence
of authority? Will the chairman of the Naval
Committee, one of the oldest members of the
body, who has served here for twelve or fifteen
years on the committee, tell us that he did not
know the President had no power to blockade
ports of the United States without the authority
of Congress? It will not do for that side of the
Chamber, distinguished as it justly is for its great
ability and learning, to plead that they did not
know anything- about the Government they were
about to take possession of. They did know it;
and knowing it, they did not put any bill on its
passage, nor propose to do it.
But, sir, if it be their policy to use the war
power to collect revenue, to blockade the ports and
recapture these forts and to execute the laws of
the United States in the confederate States, why
not say so? If it be the policy of Mr. Lincoln to
carry out that lineof conduct, why notallow him
the opportunity of saying so? They know that I
have thrust myself in between the secession move-
ment of the South and the war construction of the
President's message, to allay the apprehensions of
the Union men of the southern States. I have
taken this position as a Union man, as a friend of
peace, from the conscientious conviction that I
justly and correctly interpret the President's in-
augural. If I do not interpret it correctly, if I am
giving it a meaning he did not intend, why do they
not allow this resolution to pass, and obtain an
answer which will correct the error into which I
have been led by the inaugural, if it be an error?
Senators have no right to leave me under the con-
viction that linterpretthe message correctly, and
remain silent if 1 do not, and deprive me of the
means of getting at the truth by the proper in-
?uiry. Why this sensitiveness on the subject, if
do not interpret the President correctly ? No Re-
publican has yet ventured to deny the correctness
of my interpretation. No Senator fiom that side
has ventured to affirm that the President's policy
is not peace. No one has ventured to assert that
he means what is called the coercive policy; and
I apprehend that no one of them is authorized to
say so. No one being authorized to contradictme
011*these points, and no one being able to deny,
from the language of the inaugural, thatl put the
correct interpretation upon it, I find no other re-
sponse than silence. Why not let the people know
what the policy is? The country now is over-
whelmed with doubt and anxiety; business is sus-
pended ; public confidence is destroyed; commerce
is disturbed; bankruptcy isstaring your best mer-
chants in the face. One word from the White
House will save them from ruin; one word will
gladden the heart of every patriot in the land. Let
that word bespoken. It will be, if Senators allow
this resolution to be passed. Let that word be
spoken, and let that word be " peace," and there
will be such a shout of joy resounding through
this land as has not been witnessed since the ac-
knowledgment of our independence. Why not
allow it to be done?
Again: there are other reasons why it is im-
portant that the word should be spoken, that the
policy should be known. There are elections
pending for members of Congress in a large num-
berof the States. The people havearightto know
whether the policy is peace or war. They have
a right to.know whether they are to send mem-
bers here in favor of peace or in favor of war. Is
it dealing fairly with the people, to keep them in
the dark on this question until the members of
Congress are elected, and then to precipitate the
country into war, without giving the people an
opportunity to vote upon it?
The amendment proposed by the Senator from
New Hampshire shows where the tender point
is in regard to this resolution. He wishes to strike
out so much as inquires whether there is any other
motive or reason for holding on to the forts in the
seceded States, (exceptTortugas and Key West,)
and recapturing the others, than a purpose to re-
duce those States into subjection to our laws and
our authority. We certainly cannot justify the
holding of forts there, much less the recapturing
of those that have been taken, unless we intend
to reduce those States themselves into subjection.
I take it for granted no man will deny the propo-
sition that whoever permanently holds Charles-
ton and South Carolina is entitled to the posses-
sion ofFortSumter. Whoever permanently holds
Pensacola and Florida is entitled to the possession
of Fort Pickens. Whoever holds the States in
whose limits those forts are placed is entitled to
the forts themselves, unless there is something
peculiar in the location of some particular fort
that makes it important for us to hold it for the
general defense of the whole country, its com-
merce and interests, instead of being useful only
for the defense of a particular city or locality.
It is true that Forts Taylor and Jefferson, at
Key West and Tortugas,are so situated as to be
essentially national, and therefore important to us
without reference to our relations with the seceded
States. Not so with Moultrie, Johnson, Castle
Pinckney, and Sumter, m Charleston harbor;
not so with Pulaski, on the Savannah river; not
so with Morgan, and other forts in Alabama; not
so with those other forts that were intended to
guard the entrance of a particular harbor for local
defense.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Will the Senator allow
me to ask a question ? How is it with the forts
at the mouth of the Mississippi river ?
Mr. DOUGLAS. Well, sir, I will say that
those do not form an exception to my remark, for
this reason; we have no use for the forts at the
mouth of the Mississippi river, if we allow the
southern confederacy to hold the State of Lou-
isiana and command both sides of the river. The
forts at the mouth of the Mississippi are very
essential to us, if we intend to conquer and reduce
her people into subjection to our laws; but if we
are going to give up so much of the river as lies
within Louisiana; if we are going to allow Lou-
isiana to exercise actual jurisdiction, what use is
a fort to us, unless we reduce the State to obedi-
ence, and remove all conflicting authority? Hence
I desire to know, whether the object of retaking
these forts is to use them as a starting-point in an
invasion for the conquest of the States in which
they are situated? It is idle to evade this ques-
tion, or attempt to evade it. It is no longer a
question of enforcement of the laws, or of collec-
tion of revenue, or of taking care of public prop-
erty; the question is, whether we are going to
reduce the southern confederacy by military force
into subjection to our laws? If so, I presume
Senators are convinced, by this time, that that
means war., We cannot deny that there is..a
southern confederacy, de facto, in existence, with
its capital at Montgomery.- We,may. regret it.
I regret it most profoundly; biit.I cannot deity
the truth of the fact, painful, mortifying as it.is.
Mr. CLARK. W ill the Senator allow me now
to ask him a question at this point?
Mr. DOUGLAS. I shall not; for this reason:
I see there is an attempt on that side of the jjoase
to catechise me, and not allow themselves to be
interrogated. If they now will allow me to pt}t
questions to them, anu will furnish frank answers,
I will invite every one of them to interrogateme;
but if you will meet in caucus, and resolve to be
silent, and prevent everybody else from talking,
so far as you can,and, if you cannot prevent them,
remain silent yourselves, for fear that, inasmuch
as you are divided into compromising and uncom-
promising Republicans, into union and disunion
Republicans, into war and peace Republicans., if
one side speaks, the other will be compelled to
soeak in self-defense, and therefore you will keep
silent yourselves while you chateehise me in re-
spect to my opinions. [Laughter.] I am. willing
to have a free interchange of opinion, bjit I want
reciprocity; and it is more important to get at the
policy the majority are going to pursue, than it
is to know what the minority are going to do.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Will the Senator allow
me to ask him one question just there; and that
is, whether., in what he has just stated, lie means
to intimate that anything of that sort had been
done, or was contemplated to be done, on this side .
of the Chamber; meeting in caucus pnd resolving
to be silent, and all that? Does he mean to inti-
mate that, or is it his mere imagination ?
Mr. DOUGLAS. I do not mean to intimate
anything, and did not; but I will state very
frankly that I have heard the report, and heard
the time and place of the caucus mentioned so
often that I believed it, and believe it yet, unless
the Senator gives an unequivocal denial.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will only tell the Sen-
ator that there is not one word of truth in it from
beginning to end.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I am glad to hear it; but the
report came from your side of the House.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not know where it
came from.
Mr. DOUGLAS. At any rate, there is a very
ominous silence over there—a silence when the
country may be wrecked on a misapprehension
as to the policy of the Administration. Now,
sir, I repeat, that I desire to know from the Ad-
ministration whether they mean peace or war;
whether they mean to ask for military force ade-
quate not only to hold the forts they have got,
but to recapture those that have been lost, ana to
reduce to subjection and obedience all the people
of all the States who have claimed, or shall claim,
the right to secede; for it is folly to talk about the
forts, unless we are going to do the other thing.
It is morally wrong to collect revenue from a
people that you do not protect. If you compel
people to yield obedience to your laws, you must
give them the protection of the laws. Hence the
simple question is, whether, by military power,
by the Army, the Navy, and the militia, we are
going to subjugate those seceded States and hold
them by military force in obedience to our laws
until they so far change their inclinations as to
obey them voluntarily ? If this be the policy, I
desire to know, and the country will demand to
know, how large an army it will take. Rumor
says that estimates are already made on that sub-
ject. I should like to know whether those rumors
are correct. I should like to have that estimate
before the country. I should like to know whether
or not, in the estimation of the highest military
authority in America, it would require thirty-five
thousand men to protect the capital, and two hun-
dred and fifty thousand more for field operations,
in order to reduce those States to obedience to our
law and our authority ?
Gentlemen may laugh and talk in their seats
about letter-writers. I saw them laugh the other
day, when I told them that while Fort Sumter
could have been relieved and reinforced a few
weeks ago with a single ship of war, now it could
not be done by your Navy, unless you had ten
thousand land troops. When several of you
rushed off to the commanding general of the
Army to know whether the statement was correct
or not, he is understood to have said it was right
