1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
409
to these resolutions, that I prepared them some
time ago, and had intended, when I should offer
them, to move the previous question on their
adoption. But in consequencc of the report from
the committee of thirty-three being pending to-
day, and as it embraces the identical questions
involved in these resolutions, I am, for my own
part, willing that they should lie on the table.
Mr. RUFFIN. Let us have a vote on them.
Mr. BURNETT. I believe, Mr. Speaker, that
these resolutions are now before the House.
The SPEAKER. They are before the House.
Mr. BURNETT. Then I demand the pre-
vious question on the resolutions. 1 am willing
to give the gentleman a vote upon them. We
on this side are anxious to vote upon them.
Mr. SICKLES. I call for a division of the
resolutions.
Mr. VANDEVER. I desire to state that I do
not wish to interfere with the consideration of the
report of the committee of thirty-three, and I am
therefore willing to withdraw the resolutions.
Mr. ZOLLINGER. Will not an objection to
the resolutions prevent them from coming to a
vote in the House?
The SPEAKER. The resolutions have been
withdrawn.
Mr. BRANCH. Can a resolution be with-
drawn after the previous question has been called?
The SPEAKER. It is competent for the gen-
tleman to withdraw the resolutions.
Mr. BURNETT. Well, sir, I am very sorry
that gentlemen upon the other side of the House
have become afraid of their own propositions.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. We are fol-
lowing the example set us by your side of the
House.
PAY OF A CLERK.
Mr. CURTIS. I present the following resolu-
tion :
Resolved, That the Committee of Accounts be author-
ized to audit, ami the Clerk of the House to pay, for the
services ot the dark of the select committee oi this IIou>e
on the Pacific railroad, at the usual rate of compensation
paid to clerks of the committees of tins House.
Mr. BURNETT. I have no objection to that,
if a proviso shall be inserted that the compensation
shall be paid upon the certificate of the chairman
of the committee as to the services which have
been performed.
Mr. CURTIS. I have no objection to that. I
accept the amendment.
There being no objection, the resolution, as
modified, was adopted.
THE UNION.
Mr. NIBLACK. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to present the resolutions of a
meeting of the workingmen of Evansville, Indi-
ana, recommending, among other things, the adop-
tion of the Crittenden amendment. The resolu-
tions meet with my warmest approbation*, and I
am pieparcd, so far as I am concerned, to do all
I can to carry their recommendations into prac-
tical effect.
The resolutions were laid on the table, and
ordered to be printed. *
WATROUS CASE.
Mr. HAMILTON. I offer the following res-
olution, and call the previous question upon it:
Resolved, Thattheconsideration of the report ofthe Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, in the case of J. C. Watrous, dis-
trict judge of the United States for the eastern district ot
Texas, be made the t-peeial order for Monday, the 28th in-
stant, immediately after the exphation of the morning hour;
and that the consideiation of the same be continued from
day to day until disposed of.
Mr. MAYNARD. I object.
Mr. HAMILTON. Is not the resolution regu-
larly before the House?
The SPEAKER. It requires the unanimous
conscnt of the House to make a special order.
The hour of one having arrived, the special order
is thn report of the committee of thirty-three, upon
which the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Corwin] is
entitled to the floor.
DISTRICT MILITIA.
Mr. STANTON. I ask my colleague to allow
me to introduce a bill to amend an act en titled An
act more effectually to provide for the organiza-
tion of the militia of the District," approved
March 3, 1803. I will ask that the bill may be
read, and I am sure there will be no objection to it.
Mr. BURNETT. I object.
Mr. STANTON. I hope the gentleman will
allow the bill to be read.
Mr. BURNETT. I object. The laws now on
your statute-books are sufficient in reference to
that subject.
Mr. STANTON. I move to suspend the rules.
The SPEAKER. The motion is not in order
at this time.
CRITTENDEN PROPOSITIONS.
Mr. FLORENCE. I desire to raise a question
of order in relation to that very thing. On last
Monday I submitted a certain resolution embody-
ing substantially what arc known as the Critten-
den propositions, and moved to suspend the rules
to enable me to introduce it. In my judgment,
that is the first thing in order after the expiration
of the morning hour to-day. I will defer to the
decision of the Chair on that subject. I will not
appeal from his decision; but I desire,before the
consideration of the special order begins, that the
House shall vote upon a suspension of the rules,
for the purpose of ascertaining the opinion of
members upon the subject of the Crittenden prop-
ositions, which, as I have said, is, in my judg-
ment, now the matter proper before the House.
Mr. PHELPS. If the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, on last Monday, submitted amotion to
suspend the rules, which motion was pending
when the House adjourned on that day, I think
the motion is now before the House first in order.
I do not know what may be the fact; but if it be
such, that motion must come up in order now.
The SPEAKER. The Chair supposes the
special order must override everything else.
Mr. FLORENCE. Well, sir, 1 desire to say
that I hope we may have soon an opportunity of
voting upon what the country have determined
is the proper basis of settlement of the difficulties
with which we arc now surrounded.
Mr. GROW. That is the question we are just
about to consider in the special order.
Mr. FLORENCE. Very well. I only say
that this proposition ought to be presented, and
shall be presented, to the House, whenever I can
have the opportunity of presenting it.
DISTURBED CONDITION OF THE COUNTRY.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
is entitled to the floor.
Mr. VALLAND1GHAM. If my colleague
will yield to me for a moment, I propose to offer
asrcjsdution to suspend the hour rule so far as it
reMi'S to this question. I gave notice in the last
session of a motion to amend the rules in this
particular; and I bring the matter up now to avoid
difficulty. I offer the following resolution:
Revolved, That (luring tlie present session the rule limit-
in" debate to one hour th.ill not, except in the Committee
of thr Whole on the ^tatcof the Union, apply to the debate
upon bills or joint ievolutions propot-ing action by Congress
m lclation to the present ciisis ot the eountiy.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I object.
Mr. VALLANDIGIIAM. f prefer to abolish
the hour rule altogether; but in deference to the
objections of gentlemen to so sweeping a propo-
sition, I confine it only to the debate upon the
pending propositions. I hope there will be no
objection to it.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I object.
Mr. VALLAND1GHAM. 1 give notice, then,
that I shall object to any exception being made
to the rule.
Mr. STOUT. I ask the unanimous consent of
the House to introduce the following resolution;
Resolved, Thai tlx: Military Committee liave leave to
repott Senate bill No. 11, providing for the piymentof tllfi
VVd^lmiifton ami Oregon wariiebt, and that said bill be the
special uider for Thursday ot'nevt week.
Mr. ELY. I object.
Mr. FLORENCE. Before the gentleman from
Ohio proceeds, I desire to ask when we can have
a vote upon the motion to suspend the rules which
I made on last Monday.
The SPEAKER. Whenever it is in order to
move to suspend the rules. That is as definite
information as the Chair is able to give.
Mr. CORWINand Mr. MILLSON addressed
the House for overan hour each. [Their speeches
will bo published in the Appendix.]
Mr. BINGHAM obtained the floor, but yield-
ed to
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland, who moved that
the House adjourn.
Mr. SICKLES. I ask the gentleman from
Maryland to withdraw his motion, to enable me
simply to present a proposition asan amendment
to the propositions reported by thegentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Corwin.J Idonotproposet-hatthey
shall be voted oil to-night. I merely desire to
have the motion entered.
. Mr. FLORENCE. Why,Mr. Speaker, there
is nothing before the House which the gentleman
from New York can move to amend.
The SPEAKER. The motion of the gentle-
man from New York, the Chair thinks, cannot
be entertained at this time.
Mr. HO WARD, of Michigan. I desire to offer
again the resolution which I proposed thismom-
'"tkr. BURNETT. I object.
MESSAGE PROSI THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Hickey, their Chief Clerk, informing the
House that the Senate have ordered to be printed:
Memorial of the representatives ofthe Choctaw
nation of Indians, for payment of an amount due
under treaty of June, 1855;
Memorial of the Chamber of Commerce, ofNe w
York, relative to the establishment of a line of
mail steamers on the Pacific ocean;
Message from the President, relative to the ap-
pointment of an acting Secretary of War;
Resolutions of the Legislature of Ohio, on the
disturbed state of the country; and
Report of the Secretary of the Senate, showing
the names and compensation of the persons em-
ployed in his office during the year 1860.
Also, that the President of the United States has
notified the Senate of his approval of a joint reso-
lution (S. No. 57) authorizing the Secretary ofthe
Treasury to permit the owners of the steamboat,
John C. Fremont, to change the name of the same
to that of Horizon.
Also, that the Senate have passed a joint reso-
lution and a bill, of the following titles; in which
he was directed to ask the concurrence of the
House:
A joint resolution (S.No. 58) authorizing Lieu-
tenant T. A, M, Craven, United States Navy, to
receive marks of distinction tendered him by the
Spanish Government; and
An act (S. No. 321) for the relief of Robert A. t
Matthews.
Also, that the Senate have passed a bill (H. R.
No. 23) for the admission of Kansas into the
Union, with amendments; in which he was di-
rected to ask the concurrence ofthe House.
Also, that the Senate have passed without
amendment, bills of the following titles:
An act (H. R. No. 447) for the relief of the chil-
dren ofthe late Captain E. A. Capron;
An act (H. R. No. 42S) diiccting the Secretary
of the Interior to liquidate the accounts of Mitch-
ell & Rammilsburg and Baker & Von Phul; and
An act (H. R. No 197) for the relief of O. F.
D. Fairbanks, Frederick Dodge, and the Pacific
Mail Steamship Company.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr THEAKER from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that the Committee had
examined, and found truly enrolled, bills of the
following titles; which thereupon received the
signature of the Speaker:
An act (H. R. No. 447) for the relief of the
children of the late Captain E. A. Capron.
An act (H. R. No. 428) directing the Secretary
of the Interior to liquidate the accounts of Mitchell
iSc Rammilsburg, and Baker & Von Phul.
An act (H. R. No. 197) for the relief of 0. F. P.
Fairbanks, Frederick Dodge, and the. Pacific Mail
Steamship Company.
The motion of Mr. Harris, of Maryland, was
then agreed to; and thereupon (atten minutes lifter
four o'clock, p. m.) the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, January 22, 1861.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Gurley.
The Journal of yesterday was read.
COMMITTEE SE11YICE.
Mr. FITCH. I move that the Vice President
be authorized to fill the existing vacancies in the
committees of the Senate.
Mr. HALE. I object to that. It requires unan-
imous consent, I believe.
