1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
501
far as the individual is concerned. I have no
hesitation, therefore, in treating each oneof these
seats as vacant by resignation, by the Senators
having given notice to die body that they have
finally withdrawn, and never intend to return. It
does not reach the question at all as to whether
the States have withdrawn. That is a very dif-
ferent question. We recognize the right of a
Senator to withdraw, to resign, and in resigning,
it is not necessary that he should use the word
" resign." lie may say, " I decline to act as a
Senator any longer," and there is an end of his
connection with the body, or " I withdraw from
the Senate forever;" that dissolves his connection
with the body; or " I am going to remove beyond
the limits of the United States, and live in a for-
eign country;" that is a resignation. I hold,
therefore, that they have resigned their seats here,
and we can take cognizance of that fact, and act
upon it. Whether the States have separated their
connection with us or not is a very different ques-
tion.
Mr. SAULSBURY. To test the correctness
of the views of the Senator from Illinois, suppose
that any of those Senators who took leave <pf the
Senate yesterday were to appear here this morn-
ing and undertake to vote, would there be any
power in the Senate to prevent their voting upon
any question that arose in this body? To whom
have they resigned? Have you any evidence that
they have resigned to the Governor, or to any
proper autiiority of their own State? None, at
all. They came into the Senate, and declared
that they should not in future act as members of
this body. Suppose, however, that they have
changed their minds, and that they present them-
selves this morning, and the yeas and nays are
called, and they wish to record their votes; can
this Senate prevent them from recording their
votes ? I hold that they arc members of the Sen-
ate of the United States, until they have resigned
to some other authority than the Senate of the
United States.
Mr. DOUGLAS. There is nothing more com-
mon than for a Senator to resign to the body of
which he is a member, and nothing more com-
mon than for us to communicate the fact of a va-
cancy to the Governor of a State. I hold that, if
they have done an act which amounts to a resig-
nation, they cannot withdraw it the next day.
They have no power to do it. If one of them
comes in here, and takes a seat, of course we will
permit him to do so by courtesy, as an ex-Sena-
tor; but I apprehend he would not vote as an ex-
Senator. I cannot recognize the doctrine that a
man may dissolve his connection with the body,
and withdraw from the obligations of a Senator,
and come back when he has a mind to do so, and
give the casting vote in a tight struggle, and then
slip out again. They are either members of the
body, or they are not. If they are members of
the body, they are subject to the rules of the
body. They should be required to attend the
body, and tovote; not when they chose, but when
the body requires them to do so, according to its
rules. But I hold if they have done that -which
amounts, in fact and in law, to a resignation,
their seats being vacant, whether they will be
filled ornotwill depend upon the States that they
formerly represented.
Mr. PITCH. Mr. President, the very object
of the suggestion I made was to avoid this de-
bate. I supposed it would do so. The proposi-
tion suggested was so fair on its face, and so man-
ifestly designed to avoid this discussion relative
to the manner in which certain Senators have left
their seats, and their right to do so, or the right
to recognize that act on our part, that I supposed
it would meet with 110 objection from any source.
I am sorry it has not escaped the criticism of the
Senatorfrom Illinois. Thereare Senators to whom
his remarks will not apply. One of the Senators
from Georgia is absent. He has never notified
us of his intention to absent himself. Two Sen-
ators from South Carolina, and onefrom Missis-
sippi also, are absent, without notifying us of their
absence; but the fact that they arc absent is known
to the respective committees; and if the acting
chairman of those committees should notify the
Vice President of that fact, I do not see why those
vacancies could not be filled without raising a
question relative to the manner in which they
left, orthe right of a State to secede. Thatisnot
involved in the question at all.
Mr. BENJAMIN. It is impossible to avoid
some determination upon the questionspresented
by the Presiding Officer of the Senate. I think
the Senator from Indiana will find that that ques-
tion will recur, and require determination by the
Senate. It is obvious that the difficulty hercarises
from a vital difference of opinion in relation to the
fact of the action ofthe seceding States. Itappears
to me very strange, indeed, whatever may beour
opinions as to the legality or right of a sovereign
State to commit an act which dissolves its con-
nection with the Union, that there should be a
question as to the fact. However, that factis dis-
puted, it seems. Although certain States have
declared themselves independent States; although,
in point of fact, they are organized as independ-
ent nations; although, in point of fact, there is
not a Federal officer within their limits perform-
ing Federal duties, except with their express con-
sent, in certain exceptional cases; although the
Government is utterly without possession of those
States, or the power to enforce its laws there by
tribunals; yet gentlemen persist in saying that
the fact is, they are still members of the Union.
Mr. FITCH. Will the Senator from Louisi-
ana permit me to make a remark? The object of
my suggestion was to avoid all allusion to the
fact, one way or the other.
Mr. BENJAMIN. 1 understood it perfectly
well.
Mr. FITCH. It was to avoid any recognition
of that; but the fact of their absence we propose
to recognize, of course.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I premised myremarksby
stating that such had been the Senator's intention,
and informing him that, in my judgment, we can-
not avoid the discussion.fortlicreareotherthings
to be taken into consideration, as will very soon
be obvious to the Senate.
Now, sir, in the first place, there was one sug-
gestion from the Chair which, it strikes me, re-
quires the immediate action of the Senate. If I
understand the Chair aright, we were informed
that there was no entry upon the Journals of the
occurrence which took place in open Senate yes-
terday, vital in the constitution of this body. Did
I understand the Chair aright? Then I will begin
by moving that the Journals of our proceedings
state the facts. They form the official record of
what occurs in this Senate—of everything of a
public character requiring to be preserved; and in
order to test the sense of the Senate, so far us that
is concerned, (I suppose there can be no objection
to that,) 1 move that it be ordered to be stated
upon the Journal, arftong the proceedings of
yesterday, that certain Senators arose in their
places and communicated to the Senate that their
States had assumed the right of withdrawing from
the Union—had passed ordinances of secession,
declaring themselves independent of all Federal
ties, and of all allegiance to tho Constitution of
the United States, and thereupon took leave of the
Senate, and retired. That fact ought to appear
upon our Journals. It is a fact in the history of
the country, in the proceedings of the Senate,
which can by no possibility be passed over in
silence. I move, therefore, as a preliminary mo-
tion, that the Journals be ordered to be so cor-
rected as to state that fact.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to ask the
Senator from Louisiana a question, if he will allow
me to do so.
Mr. BENJAMIN. With pleasure.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I would ask him whether,
in his judgment, after making that annunciation
with reference to their seats yesterday, and the
fact being so that the States had passed these or-
dinances of secession, these gentlemen would have
had a legal, constitutional right to remain here,
had they chosen to do so and act as Senators?
Mr. BENJAMIN. In my opinion, very clearly
not.
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. President, it seems to
me if we are going to make up a record of the
transaction of yesterday, it ought to be either a
full one or none at all. I think it will be doing
very great discourtesy to our associates who have
withdrawn under very peculiar circumstances,
and probably very disrespectful to their States,
that the fact should be stated that they rose in
their seats and made that announcement, and then
withdrew, without spreading upon the records
the reasons and the arguments which they ad-
dressed to the Senate in support of the position
which they and their States had assumed. Cer-
tainly it would be contrary to all manner of keep-
ing records to enter speeches of this kind. I am
utterly opposed, however, Mr. President, to any
entry of this transaction. I think the less there
is said about it, the sooner it Will be. mended, I
am for leaving these seats here'fortbose Senators,
or for other Senators from the States which they
represent, to be resumed at their own time and in
their good pleasure. I hope that the time will not
be long before they will be here again. If our
records shall only be kept for the instruction of
posterity, in failing to record the transaction of
yesterday, in that respect, it will be an omission
that I think will be more honored than would be
the observance and a statement of the facts.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr. President, there are
some difficulties about this question, in my judg-
ment, which all gentlemen probably have per-
ceived. I hold most decidedly and decisively,
without any question, or any reservation or any
limitation of any kind whatever, that no State has
a right to secede, as the language is, from the
Union; and that consequently all these acts that
have been performed by these four States are
withoutany constitutional right, contrary to their
duty, and of no sort of effect whatever, so far as
we are concerned. I do not propose now to go
into an argument to show the grounds of my
opinion; but that is my opinion, as gentlemen
probably very well understand. Therefore, when
these gentlemen announced yesterday that they
withdrew from the Senate in consequence of this
act, I did not consider that the act itself had any
sort of connection constitutionally with what they
themselves saw fit to do upon the floor—not in
the slightest possible degree. It might be a suf-
ficient reason to justify them to their own minds,
and in their own minds, for what they did; but to
me, the reason for the act had no sort of signifi-
cance.
Then, sir, we stand precisely in this attitude:
we, I say, on this side of the Senate—I, speaking
for myself—do not recognize in any way the act
that has been performed by these States. I can-
not help recognizing, however, what was done by
the Senators themselves. They made a certain
announcement; and the question for us to settle
as it isbroughtup now is, how far that announce-
ment has any legal effect whatever. They did
not say that they resigned their seats upon this
floor. I suppose it would be perfectly competent
for them to say it without putting it in writing,
and that we might accept the notice. It is accord-
ing to the usual form. The ordinary course of
proceedings, as I understand it, is for the resigna-
tion to be made to the bodies that elected them,
and for us to be notified of the fact. I do not
understand that any resignation has been made
in the case of these gentlemen. In the case of
the South Carolina Senators, there was a formal
resignation of their offices, as we learned from
the newspapers; but we have not been notified of
the fact at all.
Now, su-ppose that the State of Mississippi, for
instance, should to-morrow elect, if their Legis-
lature was in session, other Senators, other gen-
tlemen than those who retired yesterday, and
they should come here and present certificates of
their election; and suppose, at the same time, that
the old Senators who retired yesterday should
return and claim their seats upon this floor: how
are we to settle that question ? Who are the Sen-
ators to be admitted? It comes back to the fact
whether they had ever resigned their seats or not.
That is the question: whether they had ever le-
gally ceased to be members of this body. We do
not admit that they ceased to be so by the act of
their States in withdrawing, at all. We do ad-
mit, however, the right of a Senator to resign, of
course. Have those Senators resigned their seats
or not?
Now, I agree in part with my friend from New
York, that so far as the act of these seceding
States is concerned with reference to withdrawing
themselves from the Union, I would not take any
notice whatever on the record of a notification to
that purport if it was given here. I agree with
him. I think it is of 110 consequence, so far as
the record is concerned, although of very great
consequence in its effect upon the Union. But,
sir. we are compelled to take notice of the act of
the Senators themselves here. If it is a resigna-
tion, we must take notice of if upon the record)
