502
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 22,
and it must be entered there. Otherwise, we do
not know the fact that they have resigned in any
way except as it may be in the minds of individ-
uals. Now, what did they say? They said that
in consequence of the act of their States in seced-
ing from the Union, they were no longer mem-
bers of this Senate, and withdrew from it—va-
cated their seats.
The reason is their own; the act is ours. What
might have been their own reasoning is for them-
selves to settle. What they did here, and the
notice they gave us, are matters for us to under-
stand. I take it that no particular form of words
is necessary to a resignation of an office. A man
need not say that he resigns, in order to make a
resignation. Any words that he uses, which are
equivalent to that, are sufficient to convey the
idea. Now, sir, when a gentleman rises in his
place in this body and says, " For certain reasons
satisfactory to me"—giving no reason at all, if
he pleases—"I am no longer a member of this
Senate, and I so notify the Senate, and withdraw
from it;" that is a resignation, so far as we are
concerned. The only question that comes back
is, is it necessary for him to give notice to the
bodies that elected him? That is the form; but
is it the substance? May he not resign here in
this place, and leave us to notify his State that
he has resigned his place, instead of resigning
there and then notifying us that he has sent his
resignation to the bodies that elected him?
Again, I say when a Senator rises in his place
here and says, " For reasons satisfactory to me,
I am no longer a member of this Senate; I so no-
tify the Senate, and withdraw," in my judgment
he has resigned his seat in the Senate. That is
my opinion; and it is the same thing if he gives
a reason the validity of which we do not recog-
nize in any way. We have nothing to do with
his reasons. They are of no consequence what-
ever to us. I do not recognize the validity of the
reason in this case—I care not for it in a consti-
tutional sense—but 1 do think that those Sena-
tors resigned their seats, and are no longer mem-
bers of this body; and cannot become so without
a reelection.
Mr. HUNTER. Mr. President, I do not un-
derstand that those Senators resigned their seats
yesterday. I do not believe that a resignation
could be made otherwise than in writing; and the
very fact of a debate in regard to the effect of their
speeches yesterday, shows the importance of
requiring that all such acts should be in writing.
Those Senators declared that their States had
seceded from this Union; and that, as a necessary
result of that act, in their opinion, they were
bound to withdraw. They did not resign their
seats. There is not one of them, I presume, who
would not tell you that if he believed his State
had a right to a seat in the Senate, he was the
man entitled to it; but ho acted upon the opinion
that the secession of the State withdrew his powers
as a Senator. He did not resign; he withdrew
from this body, as a conclusion from that propo-
sition.
Now, sir, it seems to me that we have no right
to treat it as a resignation. I believe they are
no longer Senators, because I think their States
have seceded, and thus they have lost their au-
thority to sit here; but if I believed their States
had no right to secede, I could not treat the act
of yesterday as a resignation, and I should feel
bound to insist that they still were Senators; sub-
ject to the process of the Senate; subject to be
recalled through the Sergeant-at-Arms; subject,
if there were a call of the Senate, to be brought
hero into the Senate as any other Senators; and
the only reason which I could give for excusing
them from the service of such process, would be
that they had retired because their States had
withdrawn the authority under which they were
sitting here. Believing that, I am of the opinion
that they arc not Senators; hut I do not agree
that they have resigned, or that a resignation
could be made in any other way than in writing.
It is, however, a different affair in regard to the
committees. The Senate has a right to fill vacan-
cies, if they absent themselves. Their State has
no particular right in that regard; that is an au-
thority which they derive through the Senate, and
not from their State; and the Senate has a perfect
right to treat every absence as a vacancy on a
committee, and to nil it.
Mr. CrRBEN. I do not think that this pre-
liminary question ought to give rise to a debate
on the general question. When that comes up,
it will be a very serious and a very important de-
bate. It will then involve the relation of the
States to each other, and to the Federal Govern-
ment; but, on a mere question of this character,
I do not see the necessity for that debate. I think
it is perfectly competent to fill up the committees,
even in the temporary absence of members. It
was done three years ago in consequence of the
sickness of one of the members on the Territo-
rial Committee. The Senate then, on my mo-
tion, added another member to the committee, to
serve during the sickness of that member. Al-
though I have said that this is not the time to
debate the general question, I will take this occa-
sion to add, that we need not seek to avoid it.
The Senate will be forced to pass its judgment
upon that question at some time, and it ought to
be done after mature reflection, deliberation, and
investigation. For the present, we had better
let it pass, merely fill the committees; and when
that question does come up in its proper shape, it
will bethoroughlydiscussed. We cannotavoid it.
Mr. COLLAMER. Will the Chair state the
question pending?
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is no ques-
tion now pending in reference to vacancies on the
committees. The Chair considers himself suffi-
ciently instructed by the remarks made by Sena-
tors on that point. There is, however, a motion
pending to correct the Journal, made by the Sen-
ator from Louisiana.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I have reduced my motion
to writing in this form: I move that the Journal
of the proceedings of the Senate be so corrected
as to record the fact that the Senators from the
States of Florida and Alabama, and Hon. Jef-
ferson Davis, Senator of the State of Mississippi,
made announcement that the said States of Flor-
ida, Alabama, and Mississippi had seceded from
the Union, had resumed the powers delegated by
the said several States to the United States of
America, and that they, the said Senators, con-
sidered themselves, by reason of said action of
said States, as being 110 longer entitled to retain
their seats as Senators, and accordingly, there-
upon withdrew from the Senate.
Mr. SEWARD. Let us have the yeas and
nays upon that.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I desire to offer a substitute
for the motion of the Senator from Louisiana. I
move to strike out all after the word-' that,"and
insert:
Mr. Davis of Mississippi, Messrs. Fitzpatrick and
Clay of Alabama, and Messrs. Yulee and Mai,lory of
Florida, having announced that they weie 110 longer mem-
bers of this body, the vacancies on the committees of which
they vvcie members be tilled.
Mr. GREEN. The question of vacancies has
been settled. This is a motion to correct the
Journal.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I wish to put it upon the
Journal that they announced their resignation.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Will the Senator
from Illinois reduce his proposition to writing?
Mr. DOUGLAS. Certainly; but I must first
see theamendmentof the Senator from Louisiana.
Mr. GWIN. Is this a privileged question?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks
so, as it is a question in reference to a correction
of the Journal.
Mr. GWIN. I wished to call attention to the
fact that the hour has arrived for the special
order—the Pacific railroad bill.
Mr. HUNTER. While wo are waiting for
the substitute to be reduced to writing, I will make
a suggestion to the Senate. It seems to me that
the Journal was made up correctly. It is the prac-
tice, in making up the Journal, to record nothing
but propositions which have been voted upon.
No proposition was made to the Senate, in this
respect, yesterday, and there would be great dif-
ficulty in attempting to state what those gentle-
men said. They are not here to correct us. We
find here, already, a difference as to the facts.
The Senator from Illinois says, that they stated
that they were no longer members of this body.
Others of us think they said that theirStates had
withdrawn their powei s, and therefore they with-
drew. The one would state it as a resignation of
their seats in this body; the other would state it
as a withdrawal because of this act of their States.
There is an important difference between the two;
but hero we are making up a statement for them
without having a copy of what they did say. I
think, therefore, it is better that it should not ap-
pear on the Journal; but if anything is to appear,
we should at least have the report of what tliey
did say, that we may be accurate in regard to it.
We have no right to undertake to say, for them,
what they meant to say, and to present the case
according to our own view of the principle in-
volved in the subject.
I think, therefore, it would be better to with-
draw all propositions for the amendment of the
Journal for the present. The question will not
arise practically until we come to the point of
what constitutes a quorum. Then it maybe that
we may have to consider whether they are mem-
bers or not, when we come to ascertain how many
it requires to make a quorum. Otherwise, I do
not see the practical effcct of deciding the ques-
tion. I do not see how it is to come up except
in order to ascertain how many Senators there
are, that we may know what makes a quorum.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Under the peculiar cir-
cumstances of the case, I should be quite willing
to leave the matter without any notice at all. The
Senator from Louisiana, however, makes his mo-
tion; but I am very glad to see that Senators 011
the other side of the House, who have so much
to say on this matter of secession, wish to retain
a kind of locus panitentim for these gentlemen—
to let them come back when they get ready. I am
perfectly willing to leave the whole matter open.
Mr. DOUGLAS. If avote is asked forbythe
Senator from Louisiana upon his proposition, I
move to substitute for it the following:
Mr. Davis of Mississippi, Messrs. Fitzpatrick and
Clay of Alabama, and Messrs. Yclee and Mat.lory of
Florida, announced that they were no longer members of
the Senate, and withdrew.
Mr. SEWARD. I move to lay the subject on
the table >
Mr. FESSENDEN. What subject?
Mr. SEWARD. The whole subject which we
have been debating. And on that I ask for the
yeas and nays.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I will observe to the Sen-
ator that the question must come up to-morrow
morning again, or can be taken up at any time;
and therefore it is idle to lay it on the table now.
Mr. SEWARD. I think it is an unprofitable
subject at any time, and to-day it is premature,
i We are not prepared to consider it in all its as-
pects: and I believe the time has arrived for the
special order.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I raise the question whether
it is in order to move to lay upon the table amo-
tion to correct the Journal of the Senate of yester-
day. It strikes me that the proper keeping of the
Journal of each day is required,from the very
nature of the case, to be determined on the follow-
ing morning; and that that question cannot bo
pretermitted by the Senate. The Senate is bound
by the Constitution to keep a correct Journal of
its proceedings; and when, on the reading,each
morning, of the Journal of the preceding day, the
question arises as to the accuracy of the Journal,
that question must be determined before we can
proceed in our business. Itis obvious that, other-
wise, by this system of laying 011 the table, the
whole question as to the accuracy of the Journal
might be kept open until the memory of what
had occurred would be lost. I think it is a ques-
tion of privilege which requires immediate decis-
ion, from its very nature.
Mr. FITCH. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. In the opinion of
the Chair, the motion may be made to lay it upon
the table.
Mr. FITCH. Then I have nothing to say. I
think the Journal is right as it is.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I desire to make one remark.
I think we may as well determine the point now,
for the reason that it is more than probable that,
before we adjourn to-day, the question will arise
as to whether there is a quorum in the body. It
will interrupt us in the business that we are pro-
ceeding with then, to determine the question of a
quorum, if we do not decideitnow. Itwas about
to arise on Saturday evening, and perhaps would
have arisen, if those gentlemen had then retired,
on the question how many it takes for a quorum?
It may arise in various ways; and I think we
may as well settle it now, as to try to avoid it for
a few hours.
