1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB$.
MIP
have a personal quarrel with me on that subject;
but I assure him he will fail here, at any rate. If
it is his deliberate design to use language unbe-
coming a Senator, unbecomingagentleman, whieh
no man here uses unless he has proper provoca-
tion forusing it, he will not elicit from me a reply
of the same description, I assure him—here, at
any rate, in this place.
Now, sir, all Senators, on both sides of this
Chamber, will bear me witness that I have said
nothing at wjjicfi the Senator had a right to take
any exception. I simply interrupted him to call
his attention to the fact that he had done unwit-
tingly, as I supposed, as I said before, what he
did not intend, and said the Senator from Maine
instead ofthe Senator from Massachusetts. Now,
sir, if 1 state what is false, the Senator from Ver-
mont [Mr. Foot] states the same thing, and the
Senator from New Hampshire, [Mr. Clark,] my
colleague, [Mr. Morrill,] and the other Senator
from Vermont, [Mr. Collamer,] aboutme. They
all heard the Senator distinctly; but neither of us
supposed it to be said intentionally in any shape
or form; and instead of making the explanation,
the Senator undertook to deny it. I did not mean
to suppose, for a single instant, that he was not
laboring under a mistake about it; nor did I inti-
mate anything else than that he was laboring
under a mistake. It did not even offend me at all,
for I supposed it to be an error; but instead of
accepting that, the Senator proceeds with language
such as he did use, to make an attack upon me
personally, sitting quietly in my chair, about the
matter, and talks about the Senator from Maine
in the language of condescension; that he was " a
gentleman of respectable talent" and " a respect-
able debater," and he " sometimes listened to him
with great pleasure." He spoke with infinite
condescension, looking down—although ordina-
rily the Senator, perhaps, might look up—on me,
humble as I am; and called the attention of the
country to my humble state compared with his
own. Well, sir, as 1 said before, I make no pre-
tensions even to anything more than respectabil-
ity. I am content with that. I do not put myself
■before the country as entitled to anything more,
or to compare myself with the magnificent Senator
from Illinois. 1 admit him to be just as great as
lie wishes to consider himself and to be consid-
ered. 1 cannot admit him to be a gentleman, be-
cause he has used language here unbecoming a
gentleman, without any provocation whatever.
That is what I have to say on that subject.
Now, sir, I did not regard it as necessary, and
such was my view of the subject, to reply to the
labored and prepared speech of the Senator. I
understood its object perfectly well; and every
Senator on this side of the Chamber understood
it. We did not mean to be drawn into a contro-
versy about it. We were willing that the Sena-
tor should take his own view of things; but we
did not mean that he should draw us into a posi-
tion that we did not mean to occupy. That is the
simple truth about it. "What is the fact? Since
I am forced upon my feet, in this way, let me
allude to it for a few minutes. What is the fact?
The Senator from Massachusetts has said, with
perfect clearness, that the Senator from Illinois
assumed, before the President had fairly got warm
in his seat, to be the exponent of him and his pol-
icy. He made hisspeech. He said it was a peace
inaugural that had been delivered; that he so con-
strued it; and he got up a controversy upon his
own side of the Chamber upon that subject. Sir,
we agreed in our opinion with the Senator from
Illinois; but we did not think it was necessary
that we should enter into the contest in any shape
or form. We let it pass. Not content with that,
he comes forward here a few days afterwards, to
make another speech. He assumes that there was
a combination on this side of the Chamber to pre-
vent him from speaking. Why, sir, we have
been here long enough to know that we cannot
prevent his speaking; and since the Almighty has
given him the power of speech, I doubt that any-
thing short of divine power could preventhisspeak-
ing, and saying what he liked, when he liked.
His power of lungs and expression, everybody
knows in this country, are beyond that of any
other man that has ever traversed from one end
of it to the other to enlighten the people; and fur-
ther than all that, we know and understand very
well that he never omits an opportunity to do it3
whether people want to hear liim or not.
Now, sir, what is the object of this movement
of the Senator from Illinois? As my friend from
Massachusetts has said, but a very few days have
elapsed since the President came into power. He
made a peace address to the people, as the Sena-
tor admits; and, as the Senator repeats again this
morning, he construes it as a declaration of peace.
The President says distinctly in that inaugural,
" I mean peace to the country. I will make war
upon no portion of it; and if war is to follow, it
must be made by others upon the administration
of the Government." That is the declaration.
Why not be content with it? Why not, espe-
cially if the Senator believes it is true—why not let
it rest there? But does the Senator believe it?
If so, why does he follow up that declaration with
a speech, the tendency of which is, if he will per-
mit me to say it—or whether he permits me to say
it or not I will say it—the tendency and design of
which is to make this country believe that'it is
about to be plunged into a war by the act of the
Administration ? Why does he talk of calcula-
tions of how many men it will take to subjugate
the southern States? Why does he talk of three
hundred thousand men being about to be raised
—I believe that is the amount—or two hundred
and fifty thousand to attack these southern States,
and of §300,OOD,000 being necessary to arm and
equip them ? Where does he get that information ?
Has there been any such communicated to Con-
gress? Has there been any such communicated
to the country' Has the country been told from
any authoritative source in any direction, from
any quarter, that there was a design on the part
of the Administration of the Government now, or
on the part of those who represented it anywhere,
to plunge this country into a war? There has
been no such declaration; there has been no such
intimation. There is absolutely nothing on which
to found the declaration in any shape, or to any
extent whatever, and the Senator knows it well.
I ask, again, what is the object of this speech,
of all these intimations running through it; of
these declarations of patriotism, of love of coun-
try, of attachment to the Union; of insinuations,
and more than insinuations—of charges, that on
this side of the Chamber there are men who de-
sire and design the dissolution of the Union ? Why
does he take the position he docs with regard to
these seceded States, and compare them to the
barons of England, when they wrested Magna
Charta from John; to the revolted English who
attempted, and who succeeded, in protecting the
liberties of their country against Charles and
James; ay, and to our ancestors who fought the
battles of the Piovolution t Is he prepared to de-
fend the secession of those States? Is that the
battle they arc fighting? Does he justify these
seceding States? Else, why does he place them
in that category, and the lustof thepeople of this
couuti y who are standing by the Constitution and
endeavoring to protect the Union, as those who
arc trying to wrest the liberties ofthe people under
the Constitution from them? What is the object,
but to inflame the suspicions of the people; to
arouse their spirit, and.the anxieties which are
now about being lulled to sleep, and which soon
will be utterly destroyed and exterminated by the
peaceful, yet firm, course of the Administration
which they have chosen ? Why seek to inflame
all these slumbering animosities at a moment
when there is a prospect that wc shall hear no
more of them, and before the Administration
which wo have inaugurated has had time to tell
the country, by a single act, what it meant to do?
Why is it brought forward here in the shape in
which it is, sir, there upon your table, in this
resolution, at a mere executive session of the Sen-
ate, when we have no power of legislation what-
ever; when nothing that we can do, nothing that
that we can say, nothing that is in our power, can
have any potency for any purpose or for any ob-
ject? Why does the Senator come in here with
this resolution, placing himself and standing upon
idle rumors which he picks up about the streets,
upon communications in newspapers, upon noth-
ing which the Administration has said, nothing
which any Senator has said—assuming all—to
charge, in fact, that there is danger of this country
being plunged into war; when, in the very same
breath, ho says that the President has said he
meanspeace,andhebelieves him?
The great argument, orone gieat argument,is,
that we stand precisely in this condition: we do
notanswer; we choose to be silent. Why, sir, are
we necessarily to be drawn' into a flame by'the
ravings of every politician who wislies to got up
an excitement in this Chamber of out of it? Aire
we necessarily, because the Senator from Illinois
chooses to defy us to speak,'to think that h'is
words are so potential, are so exceedingly im-
portant, that if we do not speak, inferences
be drawn to our disfavor? Why, sir, wedohot
attach the consequence to the Senator's speech
that he attaches to it himself. That is'the simple
truth of it. We do not think that the country
hangs upon his words. Wehavenot the impres-
sion that everybody is standing erectis auribus to
hear what he may vouchsafe to say about polit-
ical affairs in thiscountry. The people have elected
" a President. The majority of them believe him.
They arc willing, at least, to wait to see what h&
chooses to do. They have heard'what he chose
to say; and the next question is, w'hat he will
choose to do. I, as one of this Senate and as one
of the people, am rather disposed to give, him
time, as my friend from Massachusetts suggests,
to do something, before I choose to speak of his
policy. 1 want to know what it is; and I do know
as much about it as the Senator, precisely. I do
not profess to know more. It is evidenthe knows
nothing, and I do not profess to know any more
than he does upon that subject.
What is the object of that resolution, sir? The
Senator may say, to get information. It is a mis-
take. The object was to found a speech upon it,
to send it to the country, to make the country
believe it was in danger; that the President really
did not mean what lie said; or if he did, tHSt his
party would not allow him to do what he wished
to do upon the subject; that there was a division
here upon that point. I think the object was the
speech and not the information; because the Sen-
ator is—I cannot withhold on account of this con-
troversy what I was about to say—the Senator is
more than "respectable" in pointof ability, very
much more; and therefore he knows well that we
should not suffer a resolution of this sort to pass,
or, if we did, it would get no reply. Who ever
heard that an Administration, when it first came
into power and was not warm in its seat, would
at once, at the call of a political adversary even,
and for no political purpose, lay before the coun-
try what it designed to do when it could hardly
say what it designed to do itself? If the Senator
expected to attain it, as my friend from New
Hampshire [Mr. Clark] suggests, why not call
upon the President himself instead of the Secre-
tary, and ask him to communicate, if consistent
with the public service, so much of the facts in-
quired about as he wished to do, in the usual form,
instead of calling on the Secretary to tell what the
policy of the Administration is? Why, sir, we
understand all that. For my part, therefore, I
was perfectly willing, as I am net very much given
to speaking—I believe the Senate will bear me
witness that I have occupied as little time as
almost any man in the Senate during the session
that has passed—I was perfectly willing that the
Senator should say what he had to say. I asked
liim a question or two with reference to certain
statements he made. I put them in a respectful
tone, and I got the answer. They were to cor-
rect what I supposed to be errors of the Senator.
I intimated nothing except that they were errors,
and endeavored to correct them.
Now, therefore, it is perfectly obvious what
ought to be done with this resolution. Of course,
I shall not move to lay it on the table, because,
after making the remarks that I have made, I
should not bejustified in making that motion. Nor,
sir, shall I endeavor to reply to the thrice, nay,
ten times, a hundred times told tale about the po-
sition ofthe Senator upon the subject of non-in-
tervention. I thought the country had settled
that, north and south, and all parties, with regard
to his doctrine. He assumes that we have come
over to him; that we have placed ourselves under
his banner; that we are now subscribing to his
doctrines; and he congratulates himself apparently
upon that fact. Now, so far as that goes, it strikes
me it would have been the part of a magnanimous
man to have rested content with that triumph, to
have been quiet with the knowledge that, in spite
of all that had been said and done, and in spite
even of the victory that had been gained over him,
public sentiment had settled down upon him as
the great exponent of true constitutional princi-
