504
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 22,
Body has pretended that here. Everybody knows
the contrary. We all know that those Senators
said that they withdrew from the Senate, as being,
in their judgment, no longer entitled to hold seats
here, in consequence of the passage of the ordi-
nance of secession. What we are discussing here
flow is not the fact, but the legal significance of
the fact. Now I differ with the Senator from
Illinois in drawing the conclusion of the resigna-
tion. Thatis his conclusion from what occurred.
X did not understand him as stating that the Sen-
ators said they had resigned,nordo I understand
tlie Senator from Maine as saying so; but they
say that these Senators, having stated that they
withdrewfrom the Senate, that, in their judgment,
amounts to a resignation. That is a fair argument
to use, and to be supported as gentlemen best can.
feut the proposition now before the Senate is
to have the record of its proceedings correct. Does
any man question here that the statement made
by me in writing, in my motion to have the Jour-
nal corrected, does contain a true statement of
what occurred; first, a suggestion, or rather an
official communication of the fact of the passage
of the ordinance of secession; and, secondly, the
withdrawal of the Senators upon their statement
that they believed that, by reason of that seces-
sion, they were no longer entitled to seats ? No-
body disputes these facts. Therefore, the Sena-
tor from Virginia is mistaken in saying that we
are making up a record in the absence of these
gentlemen about disputed facts. The dispute that
has arisen here is upon the legal significance of
these facts. I think no Senator has suggested a
doubt as to the statement of the withdrawing Sen-
ators, that they considered theaction of theirStates
such as deprived them of the right to a seat in this
body; and it was upon that ground that they with-
drew.
As, under the Constitution of the United States,
States within the Union have no right to recall
their Senators, it is eminently pioper that the fact
that the withdrawal of these Senators, through
the action of their States, occurred by reason of
a secession should appear. Otherwise it would
appear upon the face of the proceedings, that the
States had assumed to recall Senators without
authority under the Constitution so to do. We
know they have no such right. The record, then,
according to the motion I submit, will present the
propositions just as they occurred, and the pre-
cise grounds taken by the States, and by the
withdrawing Senators. They arc not recalled by
their States, as States within the Union. That
ought not to appear upon the record. It is not
so. It ought not to seem possible, on the face
of the record, that those Senators were recalled
by their States while their States were in the
Union. That would be nil admission of a directly
unconstitutional act, and one which they them-
selves would admit to be unconstitutional. When,
then, the Senators declare that they withdraw by
reason of theaction of their States, as those States
would have no right to cause such withdrawal
by their lecall, if that State remained in the Union,
the necessity is urgent that it should be stated that
the Senators first declared that their States had
gone out of the Union by ordinances of seces-
sion, and therefore that act constituted the reason
for their withdrawal. I think, sir, that is the
necessary statement of the constitutional question
on the Journal.
Mr. HALE. Mr. President, I rise to a ques-
tion of order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
New Hampshire rises to a question of order. He
will state it.
Mr. HALE. A motion was made to lay this
su^ect on the table; and that is not debatable.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That has been
withdrawn.
Mr. HALE. I did not know it.
M r. DOUGLAS. I agree with the Senator from
Louisiana, that we must enter all of our proceed-
ings upon the Journal; and thathis criticism upon
the remark of the Senator from New York, if that
was intended as serious, that you could omit no
part of our proceedings, is well taken. The dif-
ference between the Senator from Louisiana and
myself is as to what was the proceeding yester-
day. He understands the proceeding yesterday
as the announcement to this body of the secession
of certain States of this Union. I do not under-
stand that any such proceeding was had. I under-
stand that certain Senators yesterday withdrew
from this body as no longer being members of it,
and gave certain reasons for their withdrawal.
The fact of their withdrawal, and dissolving their
connection with the body, was the only proceed-
ing that took place. The reasons they assigned
for the act are no part of our proceedings. It is
true they assigned various reasons. One was,
that their States had passed certain ordinances.
Another was, that their States were justifiable in
passing them, because their equality m the Union
had been violated, because of certain unkind
and ungenerous conduct on the part of northern
States, and because they had not such protection
for a certain class of property as they claimed;
and various other reasons, some of which I think
were well founded, and some of which I think
were untrue; and I should have combated them
at the time but for the fact that I should have
been replying to retiring Senators who could not
have replied to me. I never would have permit-
ted those reasons to go on the record uncontra-
dicted, because I think they do violence to the
history of the country, and to the truth of the
case, if they were to be spread upon the Journal
as a part of our proceeding; but, inasmuch as they
only constituted some of the reasons upon which
they had acted, I was willing that their reasons
should go to the world, so long as they did not
constitute a part of our proceedings, and history
would give them such weight, ana the people of
the country would award them such credit, as
they were entitled to.
The only fact to be recorded upon our Journal
is, that these gentlemen dissolved their connection
with the body and withdrew. Their reasons for
that proceeding are not entitled to be put upon the
record. The Journal is not to contain a transcript
of our debates. I deny that it is proper to take
one of the reasons and detach it from the rest and
put that upon the record. The Senator from Lou-
isiana proposes to record the fact, and give one
among several reasons. He is bound to give the
whole of the reasons or to give none of them.
Mr. BENJAMIN. If the Senator will permit
me, I never understood that any other but one
was given by these gentlemen. They gave agreat
many reasons why their States had seceded; but
I heard them give no other reason for their own
withdrawal than the official announcement that
their States had seceded, and that that deprived
them of a right to a seat on this floor. They then
went on, in parting remarks, to give an opinion
why it was their States had seceded,and to jus-
tify the act of secession; but they nevergave them
for withdrawing from the Senate. They gave but
a solitary ground for withdrawing from the
Senate.
Mr. DOUGLAS. They gave the reason that
the State had seceded. Then they gave, as another
reason, that they believed the State had a right to
secede, and that, therefore, they were no longer
entitled to seats here. I think that was partof the
argument.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I think the Senator is en-
tirely mistaken. They never gave that the State
had a right to secede as a ground for withdrawal,
because they all admitted that, whether the State
had the right or had not the right, ithad seceded,
and they considered the fact of secession as a with-
drawal of their powers. They argued about the
reasons for the secession.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Mr. President, I hold that
unless they considered the States had first seceded,
and secondly, they had a right to do it, they were
not bound to withdraw. Suppose 
Mr. MASON. Will the Senator allow me to
interrupt him for a moment to present a fact?
Mr. DOUGLAS. Yes, sir.
Mr. MASON. The President of the United
States, in his late message to Congress,transmit-
ted to Congress the certified copy, or, properly,
the exemplified copy, of the act of secession by the
convention of South Carolina. Therefore, as to
that State, the fact that she has seceded is officially
communicated to Congress by the President.
Mr. DOUGLAS. No one is denying that those
States have passed ordinances of the kind stated
by various Senators; but the point is, in order to
vacate their seats here, first, the States must have
seceded; and, next, they must have had a right
to do so; otherwise the Senator is not compelled
to retire. I was going to illustrate that proposi-
tion by supposing that a State should pass reso-
lutions to recall a Senator, and the Senator when
those resolutions were presented here should say,
" Believing that the State has a right to recall me,
I therefore yield obedience and retire;" that
vacates his seat, because it is a resignation in fact.
Suppose, on the other hand, he should say,
" Having no right to recall me, I refuse to obey
it:" then he remains a member of the body.
Whether he shall retire or not, depends upon
whether he recognizes the right of a State to with-
draw him or not. These Senators, therefore,
having determined to retire, assigned certain rea-
sons. I am not going to inquire whether the
reasons were well-founded or not. It is enough
for me that they retired and dissolved their con-
nection with the body, that they had a right thus
to retire, and that too for bad reasons; and I can
recognize the fact that they are no longer mem-
bers of the body, without indorsing their reasons.
Suppose one of those Senators in extremely del-
icate health had said, " I retire from "this body
never to return again, because my physician ad-
vises me that my health requires it" 
Mr. BAKER. Will the honorable Senator
allow me a moment to get the fact before the
Senate? The opening remark of Mr. Yulee, is
before me, which I will read:
" Mr. President, I rise to make known to the Senate that
in consequence of certain proceedings which have lately
taken place in the State of Florida, my colleague and my-
self are uf the opinion that ourconnecUon with this body is
legally terminated."
That is the whole thing.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Precisely; and then they an-
nounce the fact that they have terminated their
connection with the Senate. But I was just making
a supposition that, in assigning the reasons which
were given, one of them had said, in consequence
of his health and the advice of his physician, his
life depended upon his retiring from the body,
and therefore he retired. Is it necessary for us
to inquire whether his physician had given him
sound advice or not; whether he was as sick as
he thought he was? Is it not enough for us to
recognize the fact that he has dissolved his con-
nection with the body, and leave his reasons to
stand for what they are worth ? Now, I deny that
the Senate can properly enter on its Journal any
other fact than the one that they had withdrawn
from the body, amounting to resignation, and
leaving the reasons out of consideration.
Mr. HUNTER. I never denied that the Sen-
ate had a right, if it chose, to enter a statement of
facts upon its Journal. I merely spoke of what
was usual in making up the Journal. Itis usual,
in making up the Journal, as you very well know,
sir, to put nothing upon it but propositions made
for the action of the Senate. If a resolution i3
offered and withdrawn, without the action of the
Senate, that does not appear upon the Journal.
That is the fact in regard to the mode of making
it up. Of course, the Senate, if it chooses, can
put other facts upon it.
Neither did I mean to say that the Senator from
Maine and the Senator from Illinois had declared
that the seceding Senators had resigned, in so
many words. My object was to show that the
legal effect of declaring their scats vacant and en-
tering it on the Journal must be to acknowledge
that the State did terminate their authority to sit
here when it seceded from the Union. My object
was to show that when you come to enter that
fact, unless you declare that they have actually
resigned, it will be taken as a conclusion at which
the Senate arrived, from the action of the States,
that the Senators were no longer allowed to sit
here; and what I desired was, that the entry
should not be made, if they determine to correct
the Journal, in such terms as will leave the infer-
ence that those Senators had, in so many words,
undertaken to resign their seats; for that is not
according to the facts of the case. They said they
withdrew, as is stated in the extract from the
paper just read by the Senator from Oregon, be-
cause of certain proceedings in their States; which
proceedings had terminated their legal connection
with this body. Now, sir, all I ask is, if the Sen-
ate undertakes to make theentry upon the Journal,
that it enter the facts as they occurred; because,
if they do, it will be found that the declaration
that those seats are vacant can only be justified
on the ground that they were vacant because the
secession of the States had terminated their legal
authority to sit here.
