1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. SEWARD, I move, sir 
Mr. BENJAMIN. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from New York yield to the Senator from Louis-
iana ?
Mr. BENJAMIN. I desire to make a quota-
tion from the record to correct the Senator from
Oregon.
Mr. SEWARD. If he will allow me to have
the floor again, for the purpose of renewing my
motion to lay this subject on the table, I will hear
what the honorable Senator has to say.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Mr. President, the Sena-
tor from Oregon is unfortunate in his statement,
reading a preliminary remark from the Senator
from Florida, and saying that is the whole of it.
The Senator from Florida went immediately into
a statement, officially, of the fact. Just as he
closed' the sentence read by the Senator from
Oregon, he went on to say:
"The State of Florida has, through a convention of her
people duly assembled, decided to recall the powers dele-
gated to this Government, and to assume the full exercise
of all Iter sovereign rights as an independent and separate
community."
The announcement of Mr. Clay, in behalf of
himself and his colleague, is in these words:
" l rise to announce, in behalf of my colleague and my-
self, that the people of Alabama, assembled in convention
at their Capitol on the 12 th of tins month, have adopted an
ordinance whereby thpy withdraw from the Union formed
under a compact styled the Constitution of the United
States, resume the powers delegated to it, and assume
their separate station us a sovereign and independent peo-
ple."
Mr. Davis, the Senator from Mississippi, rose
officially to announce the fact also of the action
of his State. Mr. Davis said:
kk I rise, Mr. President, for the purpose of announcing to
the Senate that I havo satisfactory evidence that the State
of Mississippi, by a solemn ordinance of her people in con-
vention assembled, lias declared her separation from the
United States."
Now, sir, my proposition is simply a statement
of fact, to be put upon the Journal, that the Sen-
ators from those States announced secession, and
announced their withdrawal from the Senate in
consequence of the secession. It docs not an-
nounce the fact. It makes no conclusion such as
the Senator from Virginia has asserted. Every
man will draw his own conclusion from the facts.
The Senator from Illinois was certainly incor-
rect in stating that these gentlemen gave any num-
ber of reasons for their withdrawal. They gave
not one but the one I have just stated. They
announced the fact of what, in their opinion, was
a recall of their powers. Now, as that recall of
powers as Senators could not exist if the States
were in the Union, they were bound, in announc-
ing that their powers were recalled, to state that
they were recalled because the States were out of
the Union; to make official announcement of the
two facts: first, that their States had gone out of
the Union-, and secondly, that they withdrew
their powers; because, if the State had remained
in the Union, it had no power to change their
commission as Senators. That statement they
made to the Senate. I draw no conclusion from
that. I leave every Senator to draw his own; but
I do say that, in a crisis in our national history
like the present, when events that will form his-
tory—somebody said, the other day, we were
making history every moment—when events like
these are occurring, it will be unpardonable in us,
in keeping the Journal of the official proceedings
of the Senate^in conformity with constitutional
duty, to omit a faffi so pregnant in consequences,
so interesting t<Muture ages, as that which oc-
curred yesterday. It is the firstofHcial announce-
ment on the floor of the Senate that has occurred
in history of the withdrawal of a State from the
Union and the withdrawal of the Senators from
this body and from all participation in the pro-
ceedings* of the Senate, on the ground that their
powers Were withdrawn because their States had
gone out of the Union. That fact I desire to re-
main recorded. It is history. You cannot blot
it out of history. It is recorded in the papers of
the day. It is recorded in the Globe. Why ought
it not to appear on the Journal of the proceedings
of the Senate ? The facts may be agreeable or
disagreeable to us. Whether agreeable or dis-
agreeable, whether portentous or not in conse-
quences, one thing is very certain; it is our duty, j
our sworn duty, under the Constitution, to keep 1
our Journal a full record. I say that Journal is no
full record. I say that Journal will convey a false-
hood to posterity, if it omits a statement of what
occurred in this Senate yesterday.
Mr. SEWARD. I move to lay this subject
on the table.
Mr. SIMMONS. Allow me to make just one
statement of facts. I do not want to argue it.
Mr. SEWARD. Three gentlemen are wish-
ing to make statements of fact. I wish to say,
Mr. President, I have no desire to avoid a full
discussion of this subject. It will probably come
up necessarily and legitimately when we come to
the question of what constitutes a quorum. I
think "sufficient unto the day is the evil thereof."
I do not wish to anticipate the question. I want
time to consider it in all its bearings. The debate
will be protracted. The Pacific railroad bill,
which I think is of vast importance, is lying neg-
lected for want of a hearing; and I nope my
friends on both sides of the Chamber will excuse
me, after having waived my motion two or three
times, for now insisting upon it. It is, that this
subject be laid on the table.
Mr. SIMMONS. I should like to ask the fa-
vor of the Senator to make one statement of fact.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state to the Senator from Rhode Island that this
motion must be put without debate.
Mr. SIMMONS. I ask the Senator to with-
draw it for one minute.
Mr. SEWARD. I will do so if I can have an
understanding that the debate will stop with the
Senator. 1 could not claim the attention of the
House again, for I have three times withdrawn it.
Mr. SIMMONS. I can renew the motion to
lay on the table.
Mr. SEWARD. My honorable friend will
excuse me for insisting on my motion, and ask-
ing him to vote for it, to lay the subject on the
table. We can hear him to-morrow.
Mr. SIMMONS. I think those who do not
make many speeches, like myself, should have
the privilege of saying a word.
Mr. MASON. I rise to a question of order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senatorfrom
Virginia will state his question of order.
Mr. MASON. I make as a question of order
that the Senate must proceed at once to determine
upon the correctness of its Journal; and therefore
the motion to lay on the table, which involves
delay, cannot bo in order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That question was
made by the Senator from Louisiana; and the
Chair expressed the opinion that the motion was
in order. ♦
Mr. MASON. 1 did not hear the opinion of
the Chair.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair under-
stood the Senator from New York to ask for the
yeas and nays, when the motion was made be-
fore.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from New York,
that the motion of the Senator from Louisiana,
and the amendment of the Senator from Illinois,
do lie on the table.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 32, nays 22; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Baker, 2igl<*r, Bingham,
Chandler, Clark, Collamer, Cnttendun, Dixon, Doolittle,
I}nrkee,\Fessenden, Fitch, Foot, Foster, Grimes, Gwm,
Hale, llafkujf Johnson of Tennessee, Km?, Latham, Mor-
rill, Saulslnffy, Seward, Simmons, Sumner, Ten Eyck,
Thomson, Wade, Wilkinson, and Wilson—
NAYS—Messrs. Benjamin, Biagg, Bright, Clingman,
Douglas, Green, Hemphill, Hunter, Jverson, Johnson of
Arkansas, Kennedy, Lane, Mason, Nicholson, Pearce,
Polk. Powell, llice, Sebastian, Shdell, Trumbull, and
Wigfall—22.
So the motion to lay the subject on the table
was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Hays, Chief Clerk, announced that the
House had passed a resolution requesting the
Senate to return to the House the bill (H. R. No.
263) for the relief of John Johnston, of Ohio,
passed by the House, and sent to the Senate for
concurrence.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message further announced that the Speaker
had signed the following bills and joint resolu-
tion; which thereupon received: the signature of
the Vice President:
A bill (S. No. 376) for the relief of Benjamin
Alvord, paymaster United States Army;
A bill (S. No. 398) for the relief of Samuel R.
Franklin;
A bill (H. R. No, 428) directing the Secretary of
the Treasury to liquidate the accounts of Mitchell
&> Rammilsburg and Baker & Von Phul;
A bill (H. R. No. 127) for the relief of O. F. D.
Fairbanks, Frederick Dodge, and the Pacific Mail
Steamship Company;
A bill (H. R. No. 447) for the relief of the late
Captain E. A. Capron; and
A joint resolution (S. No. 15) for.the relief of
Lieutenant John C. Carter.
PRINTING OF DOCUMENTS.
The message further announced that the House
had ordered, on the 21st instant, the printing of a
letter from the Secretary of State, transmitting
a list of the clerks, &c., employed in that. Depart-
ment—ordered at twelve o'clock and seventeen
minutes.
Also, that the House had ordered to-day the
printing of a letterfrom the Secretary of the Treas-
ury* addressed to the chairman of the Committee
of Ways and Means, on the condition of the Treas-
ury—ordered at twelve o 'clock and fifteen minu tes.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
The VICE PRESIDENT. At the hour of one
o'clock, to-day, the Pacific railroad bill was the
special order; but the joint resolutions of the Sen-
ator from Kentucky [Mr. Crittenden] being the
unfinished business of yesterday, take precedence
of it, and are now the business before the Senate.
Mr. HALE. As the morning; hour was taken
up with this discussion, I ask leave to make a
report.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
New Hampshire asks unanimousconscnt to make
a report from a committee The Chair hears no
objection.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. HALE. I am directed by the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roaas, to whom was
referred the memorial of Marshall 0. Roberts, and
others, trustees of A.G. Sloo, contractor for car-
rying the mail between New York, New Orleans,
Havana, and Chagres, praying additional com- '
pensation for extra mail facilities on that route,
to submit a report, accompanied bv a bill (S. No."
542) for the relief of the trustees of A. G. Sloo.
In presenting the report in this case, I wish to
say that it was drawn by the late chairman of
the committee; and while lam in favor of the bill,
I do not agree to all the reasons of the report. I
ask that the bill be read, and the report printed.
The bill was read a first time,and ordered to a
second reading; and the report was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. WIGFALL, from the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads, to whom was referred
the joint resolution (H. R. No. 62) for the benefit
of George H. Giddings, reported it with amend-
ments.
Mr. MASON, from the Committee on Foreign
Relations, reported a bill (S. No. 543) to carry
into effect a convention between the United States
and the Republic of New Granada; which was
read, and passed to a second reading. He also
submitted a report on the subject; which was or-
dered to be printed.
PETITIONS.
Mr. CRITTENDEN presented a petition of
citizens of Kentucky, praying the speedy passage
of the Pacific railroad bill now before the Senate;
which was ordered to lie on the table.
He also presented a petition of citizens of Mich-
igan, praying the adoption of the compromise
measures proposed by him; which was ordered
to lie on the table.
He also presented a petition of citizens of De-
troit, Michigan, praying the adoption of the com-
promise measures proposed by him; which was
ordered to lie on the table.
SLAVERY QUESTION.
. The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair would
| state that the unfinished business of yesterday
| is the special order; and the Senator from Iven-
i lucky [Mr. Powell] is entitled to the floor; ana
