1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
guage. I do not bandy epithets. If I choose to
notice his language, I notice it; if not, there is
an end of it; but 1 have no epithets to bandy. I
do not call upon him to recognize me as having
acted the part of agentleman. He must determine
that question for himself. I can appeal with truth
to the record of fourteen years in this body to
show that I have never made a personal assault
upon a Senator except in retortupon provocation.
There may have been remarks on the party or
the condition of the country, but never personal;
and I appeal now to the record to prove that both
of the speeches made against me to-day were per-
sonal, intended to be personally irritating. The
Senator from Massachusetts will not deny that he
attempted to make it personal on me. The Senator
from Maine followed in the same direction. 1 pro-
test, therefore, that any one can shield himself from
responsibility by intimating that I have made an
assault. I made none; but I repelled an attack
upon me, and there the matter must end. I do not
choose to answer the Senator's question as to what
rules of honor or code 1 live by. That question,
of course, will be answered whenever any one has
a tight to know; but no man has a right to my
opinions on that subject.
Mr. HALE. Mr. President, I recognize my
share of the reproach which is thrown upon the
Senate on this side of the Chamber for not an-
swering the speech of the Senator from Illinois.
I feel that a portion of that censure belongs to me;
and I shall endeavor to acquit myself of it as well
as 1 may; but I must appeal to the country to do
me this justice, that a man must wait a long while
to make an answer to the Senator from Illinois,
[laughter:] and, after waiting that long, and get-
tffig the floor, J had then to give it up; so that I
shall necessarily be short. I mean to occupy but
very little time.
I always prefer, when I can make an answer
to a speech, if an answer has been written before,
perfectly applicable to the case, to do it by way
of quotation, instead of giving my own crude
suggestions. As 1 intended to say something in
reply to the Senator from Illinois, it occurred to
mo that there was, in an old book I used to read,
an answer to his speech. It is very short, and I
wiU read it. It is written in the fifteenth chapter
of second Samuel, fourth verse, [laughter:]
" Absalom said, moreover, Oh that I weie made judge
in the land, that every man which hath any suit or cau&e
might come unto me, and I would do him ju&tice !"
[Laughter in the galleries.]
Mr. DOUGLAS. Mr. President 
Mr. BAKER. If the Senator will allow me, I
want to have the galleries cleared.*
Mr. DOUGLAS. Oh, no; I will not give way
for that.
Mr. President, I presume there was great wit
in the quotation of the Senator from New Hamp-
shire. It only shows, as I intimated before, an
attempton that sidetoavoidargumentbyseeking
to make personal points on an individual. You
could not desire any better proof that there is a
fixed purpose to avoid the issue, and avoid argu-
ment by making personal points on the individ-
ual. Hence, I say to that combination, come on;
attack after attack; get your quotations m ad-
vance, make a prearrangement, and bring them
in here, and I am ready to meet you in this dis-
cussion. The Senator has furnished the evidence
of the truth of what I said of this combination.
The Senator from Massachusetts led off in that
miserable personal attack; theSenatorfrom Maine
follows; and then the Senator from New Hamp-
shire comes in with his written speech to fit the
occasion. Now, sir, I expect to give these gen-
tlemen some trouble during this Congress. I know
their scheme. Idonotmean thattheyshall break
up this Union. I do not mean that they shall
plunge this country into war. [Applause in the
galleries.]
The VICE PRESIDENT called to order.
Mr. DOUGLAS. As the galleries cannotkeep
quiet, I will say no more.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Mr. "WILSON. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of executive business.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Will a motion to adjourn
be m oi dm-?
The VICE PRESIDENT, It would.
Mr. CLINGMAN- Then, I move that the
Senate adjourn
Mr. COLLAMER. Let us have an executive
session, to refer nominations.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I withdraw the motion
on the suggestion of the Senator on my right,
presuming that the session will be a short one.
The motion of Mr. Wilson was ag.peed to;
and the Senate proceeded to the consideration of
executive business; and after some time spent
therein, the doors were reopened, and the Senate
adjourned.  
IN SENATE.
Saturday, March 16,1861.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Gurley.
The Journal of yesterday wasread and approved.
ABSTRACTED INDIAN TRUST BONDS.
Mr. RICE. I rise to a privileged question. I
have no remarks to make. I simply wish the
Secretary to read the first paragraph of a report
made by a committee of the House of Represent-
atives. It will explain itself.
The Secretary read, as follows:
"Mr. I. N. Morris, from the select committee, made the
following supplemental report:
" The select committee, appointed by the House to ascer-
tain the iaets 111 relation to the fraudulent abstraction of
ceitaui bonds fiom the Interior Department, submit a sup-
plemental report, embracing the testimony of Hon. Henry
-\I. Rice, of the Senate; Thomas W. Pierce, of Boston,
Massachusetts; and Hon. Thomas P. Akers.
"In the lust report submitted by your committee, Mr.
Rice was referred to as not appearing before them m a man-
ner which somewhat reflected upon him. Not the slightest
suspicion, however, was entertained that iie was m any
way implicated in the fraudulent abstraction of the bonds.
Your eummiuee are also gratified in being able to state fur-
ther, that, at a subsequent interview between them and Mr.
Kick, the impression that he intended to treat them and the
House with discouttesy, by proposing to submit llis testi-
mony in tile form of answers to wiitten interrogatoiies, was
wholly removed, and his position left llonoiable and free
from jutt ciiticism. Any seeming leflection that may appear
to have been cast upon lnm,was entirely the result of mis-
apprehension. When the facts came to be known, your
committee were satisfied that Mi. Rice labored with energy
and zeal to aid the Government, and is entitled to the
thanks of the House and the country for it."
Mr. RICE. That is all, sir.
FORTS IN THE SECEDING STATES.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no res-
olutions, the first business in order will be the
resolution submitted by the Senator from Illinois,
[Mr. Douglas,] which comes upas the unfinished
business of yesterday; and the question before
the Senate is on adopting the amendment pro-
posed by the Senator from New Hampshire, [Mr.
Clark.]
Mr. WILSON. I move that the resolution He
on the table.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I hope the Senator will allow
the vote to be taken upon it; because, if it is laid
on the table, it will come up again to-morrow as
the unfinished business.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If it is laid upon
the table by a vote of the Senate, it can only come
up again by a vole. It will then require a vote of
the Senate to take it from the table.
Mr. WILSON. I do not desire to prevent any
one from speaking upon the resolution. I simply
move to lay it upon the table as a test question to
ascertain the judgment of the Senate. If anybody
wishes to speak upon it, I will not press the
motion.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I have heard it intimated
that one or two Senators do wish to speak upon
it yet. I think it.had better be passed by for the
present, and let us take up the next resolution.
Mr. WILSON. I do not wish to do anything
that shall be considered by any Senator as sup-
pressing debate upon it.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I desire a vote on the adop-
tion of the resolution; but I do not wish to cutoff
any one from speaking. I had an intimation that
one or two Senators would like to speak upon it.
Mr. WILSON. If anyone wishes to speak,I
will withdraw the motion. If not, I want to make
a test question on laying it on the table.
Mr. POWELL. I will ask the Senator to
allow it to pass over until Monday. I thinkthere
are some Senators who desire to address the Sen-
ate upon it.
Mr. WILSON. Certainly.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion to postpone the resolution until.
Monday next.
The motion was agreed to.
TERMINATION OF THE SESSION.
Mr. HUNTER. I do not know that it is strictly
in order, but, with the consent of tbe Senate1,11 de-
sire to ask some of those gentlemen on the other
side whether they can indicate wheh we "shall
probably be able to adjourn ? It would be very
convenient for us to know when we may proba-
bly get away. 'Perhaps the Senator from Maine
could indicate when we may probably fedipurn,.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have no knowledge on
the subject. I did hear incidentally that a mem-
ber of the Cabinet, who would be likely to know,
said they should probably have nofurtherbusiness
for us in the course of a very few days; that they
intended to do up some business that was neces-
sary to be done, and then dismiss the Senate. It
was not said to me, and therefore I cannot answer
for the truth of it, if the question is put tp me
directly.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Several messages were received from the Presi-
dent of the United States, by Mr. JohnG.Nico-
lat, his Secretary.
Mr. MASON. I hope the Senate uHll take up
the resolution I had the honor to submit yester-
day in reference to the troops in the city of Wash-
ton.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution
offered by the Senator the preceding day is first
in order, unless the Senator makes a motion to
take up the other.
Mr. MASON. Weil, let us take up-that-
The VICE PRESIDENT. The next busi-
ness in order is the resolution offered by the Sen-
ator from Virginia, which will be read.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Would a motion to go
into executive session be in order?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It would.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I make that motion.
Mr. MASON. I ask for the yeas and nays
upon that motion. I think we ought to have the
information called for in these resolutions, al-
though itis in the power of gentlemen on the other
side to prevent their being taken up.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 27, nays 10; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Baker, Bingham, Chandler,
Clark, Collamer, Cowan, Rixon, Pooitttle, Fessendeii,
Foot, Foster, Grimes, Harlan, Harris, Howe, Johnson,
King, Lane, Morrill, Simmons, Sumner, Ten Eyek, Trum-
bull, Wade, Wilkinson, and Wilson—27.
NAYS—Messrs. Bright, Clingman, Douglas, Hunter,
Mason, Mitciiel, Nesmith, Nicholson, Powell, and Thom-
son—10.
So the motion was agreed to; and the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of executive busi-
ness; and, after some time spent therein, the doors
were reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Monday, March 18, 1861.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Gurley.
The Journal of Saturday last was read and
approved. *
Several messages in writing were received from
the President of the United States, by Mr. J. G.
Nicolay, his Secretary.
NEW SENATOR.
Mr. COWAN. I beg leave to present the cre-
dentials of my colleague, Hon. David Wilmot,
Senator elect from the State of Pennsylvania,
to fill the vacancy occasioned by the resignation
of Hon. Simon Cameron. I ask that they be
read.
The credentials were read; and, the oath pre-
scribed by law having been administered to Mr.
Wilmot, lie took his seat in the Senate.
CONSTITUTIONAL CONVENTION.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate the following letter from the Governor of
Indiana:
State of Indiana, Executive Department,
Indianapolis, March 15,1861.
Sir: In obedience to the request of the General Assem-
bly, I transmit heicvvith a copy of the joint resolution of
that body, adopted on the 11th instant,roquetingCmijrrec-s
to call a convention to amend the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States.
I have tho honor to be your ExccUency'a obedient ser-
vant, OLIVER P. MORTON,
Governor«
His Excellency Hon. II. Hamlin,
Vice President of the United Stat&s.
