1466
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Marcli 18,
The joint resolution is as follows:
A joint resolution requesting Congress to call a conven-
tion to amend the Constitution of the United States.
Be it resolved by the General Assembly o f the State of In-
diana, That while we regard the Constitution of the United
States, if properly interpreted and duly enforced, as amply
sufficient to secure the just rights of the people of all the
State* of the Union, still as dissatisfaction and misunder-
standings have ausen respecting the proper interpretation
of that instiument, the Congress of the United States is
hereby requested to call a convention of the several States,
in accordance with the fifth article of the Constitution
thereof, to take into consideration the piopiiety of amend-
ing the same, so that us meaning may be definitely under-
stood in all sections of the Union.
The resolution was ordered to lie on the table,
and be printed.
EXECUTIVE BUSINESS.
Mr. CLARK. I move that the Senate proceed
to the consideration of executive business, if there
is no other public business.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There are two
resolutions of the morning hour on the table; but
still the Senator's motion is in order.
Mr. CLARK. I wish that my motion be put.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I trust that Senators
•will allow the resolution of the Senator from Illi-
nois [Mr. Douglas] to be brought up; and if no
other Senator desires to address the Senate, I
should like to offer a few observations.
Mr. CLARK. I will certainly withdraw my
motion, if the Senator from Kentucky desires it.
FORTS IN THE SECEDING STATES.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from Kentucky move to proceed to the consider-
ation of the resolution indicated by himself?
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. Yes, sir.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
resumed the consideration of the following reso-
lution, submitted by Mr. Douglas on the 13th
instant:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be icquested to in-
form the Senate what fort5*, arsenal*?, navy-yauls, and other
public works within the limits of the States of South Car-
olina, Georgia, Flouda, Alabama, Mississippi, Louisiana,
and Texas, are now within the actual possession and oc-
cupation of the United States, and by what number of men
cach is garrisoned and held, and whether reinforcements
uie necessary to retain the same; and it so, whether the
Government has the power and means, under existing laws,
to supply such reinforcements within such time as ttie ex-
igencies and necessities of the case may demand; and
whether the defense and protection of the United States
and their interests make it necessary and wise to retain
nulitaiy possession of sucli forts, places, and other prop
eity, except at Key West and Toirugas, and to reeaptuie
and re occupy such others as the United States have been
depuved of by seizure oi sin render, lor any other purpose,
and vvitli a view to any other end than the subjugation and
occupation of those States which have assumed the light
to secede fiom the Union, and within whose limits such
forts and other public piopertyare situated; and, if such
be the motives lor lecaptnring and holding the foits and
othei public propoity, what military force, including regu-
lar ami volunteeis, would be necessary to enable the Uni
ted States to jeduce the States aforesaid, and such others
as ate .-apposed to sympathize with them, to subjection
and obedience to the laws of the Union, and to protect the
Federal capital.
The pending question being on the motion of
®M i\ Ci.ark, to strike out all after the words "Uni-
ted States," where they first occur, in the follow-
ing words:
" And by what number of men each is garrisoned and held,
and whether reinforcements are necessary to letain the
same ; and, if so, whether the Government has the. power
and means, under existing laws?, to supply sueli reiniot ce-
ments within Mich tune as the exigencies and necessities
of the ease may demand ; and whether the detense and
pioteetion of the United States and their inteiests make it
necessary and wi-*e to ictain mihtaiy possession ot such
/oil*-, place-,, and other piopeitv, except at Key West and
Torrii£M",, and to recapture arid reoecupv such otheisasthe
United States have been depuved of by sencuie oi surren-
der, loi any other pmpose, and with a view to any other
end than the subjugation and occupation of those States
winch have assumed the right to secede fiom the Union,
and within whose hunts such forts and other public prop-
erty aie situated ; and, li such be the motive-* foi iccap-
tui nig and holding the torts and other public propci tv, what
military fotce, including regulars and voiuntceis, would bo
necessary to enable the'Umted States to reduce'the States
aforesaid, and such others as arc supposed to sympathize
with them, to subjection and obedience to the laws of the
Union, and to piotcct the Federal capita!."'
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. Mr. President, it is
not my purpose to trespass long upon the patience
of the Senate; but it seems to me, in the present
anxious and distracted condition of the country,
that this body should not adjourn without ex-
ploring some opinion upon the condition of af-
fairs, and without giving some advice which may
tend to allay the public apprehension.
In the official relation which I have occupied to
the Senate, I have been of necessity a silent spec-
tator of the scenes passing before us. Since the
Congress met, the Confederacy has been dismem-
bered; and, sir, 1 have sat, as it seemed to me,
looking at a drama that was rapidly enacting it-
self, while many who might have contributed to
direct its course were either indifferent or para-
lyzed.
At a very early period of the session, a num-
ber of gentlemen (of whom I was the humblest)
made strenuous efforts to have some measure
brought to the attention of the Senate, and passed
by it, to furnish the basis of a thorough ana satis-
factory adjustment. Unhappily, all those efforts
failed. I foresaw, or thought I foresaw, at an
early period of the session, that they would all
be futile; and accordingly, more than two months
ago, in a brief letter that I had occasion to write
to the Governorof Kentucky, I stated that,in my
opinion, no thorough and satisfactory plan of
adjustment would be proposed by Congress to the
States. Unhappily, that, sir, and other predic-
tions in that letter, have been verified by the re-
sult; and no man can regret it more sincerely than
I do. And now, the other branch of Congress
having adjourned, 1 should regret to see this body
depart—the representatives of the States—with-
out the expression of some opinion, or giving
some advice which might tend to allay the excite-
ment and apprehensions of the public mind.
Then, sir, as it seemed to me, and as I said,
the immediate question was one of peace or war.
It remains the immediate question. As it was
then, so it is to-day. Whatever may be the pos-
sibilities of an ultimate adjustment that may re-
unite all the States, unquestionably the immediate
question now is one of peace or war. The issue
will depend upon the policy of the present Ad-
ministration. What is that policy ? About this
opinions seem to be divided. The Senator from
Illinois [Mr. Douglas] construes the inaugural of
the President to mean peace and conciliation. The
Senator from Maine [Mr. Fessenden] also says
it means peace and conciliation. The President
himself certainly uses general terms of concilia-
tion, and expresses a desire for harmony and
peace; but it becomes us, sir, to inquire what kind
of peace is meant, and upon what terms that peace
is to be obtained. We should not delude our-
selves, noi should the country be deluded, by
general declarations in favor of conciliation and
peace, unless that course of policy is to be pur-
sued which will secure these results.
I regret, sir, that I have not been able to con-
strue the inaugural address of the President as it
has been construed by other Senators. I freely
admit, and I am gratified to be able, to .say so,
that the general expressions employed by that
eminent gentleman were expressive of .a desire
for conciliation, for hannony, and the pievention
of bloud&hed; but I fear that the policy which he
deems it his duty to pursue must inevitably re-
sult in a collision of arms and in the effusion of
blood, unless it is essentially modified. 1 will
occupy but a moment in reading that portion of
the inaugural which seems to be the key of the
President's policy on this important point. After
declaring that no State or States have a right to
separate themselves from the Union, and that all
resolves and ordinances to that effect are void,
and that acts of violence within any State or States
against the United States are. either insurrection-
ary or revolutionary,according to circumstances
—that is to say, 1 suppose,according tothenum-
ber engaged and the magnitude ofthemovement—
he proceeds to say:
u I theiefore consider that, in view of the Constitution
and the laws, the Union is unbioken ; and, to the extent,
of my ability, I shall take care, as the Constitution itself
expres^lj enjoins upon me, that the laws of the Union bo
taithfully executed m all the States. Doing this I deem
to be only a simple duty on my part: and I shall perfoim
it. "o far as practicable, unless myughtful master**—the
American people—shall withhold the leqnisite means, or,
in*-ome authoiitativc mantlet,duect the contrary. J ttiwt
this will not be regaided as a menace, but only as the de-
clared purpose of the Union that it will constitutionally
deiend and maintain itself.
"in doing tins theie needs to be no bloodshed oi violence;
and theie shall be none, unless it be forced upon the na-
tional uuthouty. The power confided to me will be used
to hold, occupy, and possess the piopeity and places be-
longing to the Government, arid to collect the duties and
imposts ; but, beyond what may be necessaiy for these ob-
jects, there will be no invasion, no using of loiee against
or among the people anywhere. Where hostility to the
United States, m any interior locality, shall be no great and
universal ixs 10 prevent competent lesuient eituens lium
holding the Federal offices, there will be no attempt to
force obnoxious strangers among the people for that object.
While the strict legal right may exist in the Government to
enforce the exercise of these offices, the attempt to do so
would be so irritating and so nearly impracticable withal,
that I deem it better to forego, for the time, the uses of
such offices."
And again: towards the close of the address,
he says:
" In your hands, my dissatisfied fellow-countrymen, and
not in mine, is the momentous issue of civil war. The
Government will not assail you. You can have no con-
flict without being yourselves the aggressors."
The leading idea, very clearly put forth in what
I have read, is, that the President does not rec-
ognize, in any sense, the existence of another
confederacy of States upon this continent, but
that he regards all the proceedings in the lower
southern States as insurrectionary and revolution-
ary, and as the illegal acts of certain " dissatisfied
portions of his fellow-countrymen," merely; and
that it is his purpose, to the extent of the power
confided to him as the Executive of the United
States, to execute the laws in all the States, in-
cluding those which have assumed to withdraw.
Beyond the power necessary to collect the duties
and imposts, and to maintain, hold, and occupy
the forts and other places within those States, and
to execute the laws within their borders, " there
will," he says, " be no invasion, no using of force
among or against the people anywhere." The
inference is irresistible, that, to whatever extent
force or invasion may be necessary to collect im-
posts and duties, to hold and maintain the forts
and other places within those States, and to exe-
cute thelaws,force and invasionwill be employed,
he deeming it to be a simple, plain, constitutional
duty to do so. It is true, sir, that the President
has qualified these clearand emphatic declarations
by the following language:
" The course here indicated will be followed, unless cur-
rent events and experience shall show a modification or
change to be proper; and m every case and exigency my
best discretion will be exercised, according to circum-
stances actually existing, and with a view and a hope of a
peaceful solution of the national troubles, and the restora-
tion offiaternal sympathies and affections."
I take that qualification to mean that he will
not undertake to execute the laws or to hold the
forts and other places within the withdrawing
States, whenever circumstances shall show his
inability to do so. Otherwise, and if it means
that he will not undertake to exercise these func-
tions if he believes that the effect would be further
to irritate the public mind and to make the hopes
of a peaceful solution more doubtful, then the
course of the President, undoubtedly, would be
to pursue th*ft policy which would prevent all irri-
tation, and the slightest possibility of collision or
bloodshed. 1 coustruc what I first read to be the
leading idea of the inaugural, namely, that it is
his duty and his purpose to hold the forts, to col-
lect duties and imposts, and to execute the laws;
and that this policy is to be modified only by the
necessities of the case.
Otherwise, the policy of the President would be
simple and immediate. It would be to withdraw
the troops, and cease to make Federal authority
conflict with that of the confederate States. The
view I have taken of his policy is stiengthened
by the reasons given for the evacuation of Fort
Sumter, if indeed it is to be evacuated. They are
not political, bitt military reasons. Not because,
in the opinion of the Administration, the holding
of that fort will irritate the public mind and ren-
der conciliation and harmony more difficult; but
because, with the military and naval forces now
at the command of the Executive, the power does
not exist to penetrate to the fort. Senators upon
the other side of the Chamber know that is the
reason. It is a nuliuuy, not apolitical reason.
Unless the purpose of the President is to employ
force to the extent necessary to hold these forts
and to execute these laws, and if he really intends
a peace policy, he will instantly withdraw the
troops from that fort for political, not for military
reasons. Hut the military necessity is the only
ground on which the abandonment of Sumter is
to be excused by the Senators who sit opposite
to me; that is the only ground on which it is ex-
cused by the public press of the dominant pai ty.
Then, sir, I think I am justified in constiuing
the inaugural to mean that the President will hold
tiie forts and other places within the confederate
States; that he will execute the laws in ail those
States, and collect duties and imposts to the ex-
