506
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 22,
except by unanimous consent, these proceedings
cannot go on.
Mr. <3WIN. I move that the Senate proceed
to the consideration of the Pacific railroad bill. I
have no objection to the consideration of the res-
olutions of the Senator from Kentucky; but there
is a special order for to-morrow—the tariff ques-
tion. To-day was assigned for the Pacific rail-
road bill; and if it loses its position, it may be
jeopardized.
Mr. GREEN. There is no danger.
Mr. GWIN. That is my opinion about it;
and therefore I feel bound to make the motion to
proceed to the consideration of that question.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair is of
opinion that it is only by the consent of the Sen-
ator from Kentucky that the Senator from Cali-
fornia can make his motion.
Mr. GREEN. The Senator from Kentucky
does not yield the floor. He is prepared to make
his remarks, and I think it is hardly fair to inter-
rupt him.
Mr. GWIN. I had no intention to interfere
with the Senator from Kentucky, who is entitled
to the floor, if he wished to proceed this morning
on that question.
Mr. POWELL. Certainly, I desire to proceed.
Mr. GWIN. Of course, then, I will yield. I
was not aware of it.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the joint resolution
{S. No. 54) proposing certain amendments to
the Constitution of the United States; the pend-
ing question being on the amendment offered by
Mr. Bigler to the amendment offered by Mr.
■Clark.
Mr. POWELL addressed the Senate at some
length. [His speech will be published in the
Appendix.]
Mr. HALE and Mr. WADE both addiessed
the Chair.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from New Hampshire is entitled to the floor.
Mr. HALE. I desire to address the Senate
very briefly on this subject; but I will give way
to the Senator from Ohio.
Mr. WADE. Mr. President, I do not rise for
the purpose of making: any very lengthy remarks
at the piesenttime; but more especially to answer
something that was said by the Senator from Vir-
ginia, [Mr. Mason,] yesterday. I intended to
answer him then, but some one else got the floor,
^ond 1 had not. an opportunity to do it. Having
formerly said nearly all that I wish to say on this
subject, I do not propose to go into any extended
remarks in answer to what has fallen from the
Senator from Kentucky on the present occasion;
but theSenator from Virginia yesterday arraigned
the State of Ohio for passing resolutions through
her Legislature which I presented here; among
<ither things asserting that, if there were any laws
upon her statute-book that were unconstitutional,
they ought to be repealed. I do not state the
language, but I believe that was the substance of
one of the resolutions. He said that this was
very well; but that when a bill was introduced
into the House of Representatives of Ohio for
the purpose of repealing some of those laws, it
was postponed indefinitely, or something to that
effect. I do not give the Senator's words, because
I have not the paper before me; and I am sorry
the Senator is not in his seat now to correct me,
if I am wrong.
I know the Senator did not intend to misrepre-
sent anything, or state it differently from what it
was. Now, ( wish to say to that Senator, and to
all Senators, that I do not believe the statute-book
ofOhio contains any law that is unconstitutional.
I do not believe that it contains upon its pages
any law that the Senator from Virginia himself
would call unconstitutional. We have nothing
that you call personal liberty bills upon our stat-
ute-book, We have a law to prevent the kid-
napping of free people, almost parallel with, I
believe, and of the same effect as that upon the
statute-book of Virginia, from which, I rather
think, it was copied. Itdoes not anywhere im-
pinge upon the Constitution of the United States,
or any law made under it. We have no such law;
arid ! suppose the Senator was mistaken in that.
He said that, as he understood it, there was a bill
introduced into the House of Representatives of
my State for the purpose of repealing some law
of this kind, which was postponed, if I under-
stoodhim aright. I think the Senator was entirely
mistaken about that. I saw what I suppose to be
the same proceeding that he alluded to. A bill
was introduced, I believe, at the last session of
the Legislature, for the further security of free
persons against kidnapping. That was taken up
at this session, and a motion to postpone it pre-
vailed. The Senator supposed that was a bill for
the purpose of repealing some personal liberty
law. In that, I think he was entirely mistaken;
the effect of it was precisely the opposite to what
he supposed it was. It was a bill to give further
security to free people; but, under the circum-
stances, it was thought undoubtedly, by the House
of Representatives> that it was not necessary to
pass it, and therefore it was postponed. But the
object of the hill was different from what the Sen-
ator presumes it to have been, if I have a right
understanding of it, I wish the Senator were
here, that he might explain what information he
had upon the subject, for it is entirely different
from mine; but this I think I know: that upon the
statute-book of Ohio there is no law even that lie
would say infringes any portion of the Constitu-
tion or any of the laws of the United States made
in pursuance of it.
I am glad the Senator is now present; and I
will say again, that I believe he was mistaken in
saying that the House of Representatives of Ohio
had postponed a bill, the object of which was to
repeal some personal liberty law of that State.
First, I have asserted that, according to the best
of my information, upon an inspection of out-
laws now in force, there is no personal liberty
law on the statute-book of Ohio. If the Senator
is aware of such a law, of course he will ex-
hibit it.
Mr. MASON. Mr. President 
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Polk in
the chair.) Does the Senator from Ohio give way?
Mr. WADE. Certainly.
Mr. MASON. I will repeat what I said yes-
terday in the absence of the Senator from Ohio.
I did not know that he was absent at the time I
made allusion to his State. Among the resolu-
tions of the Legislature of Ohio, presented to the
Senate some two or three days since by the Sen-
ator from Ohio, in the sixth resolution was this
clause:
"It is incumbent upon any States having enactments on
their statute-books conflicting with, or tendering less effi-
cient, tlie Constitution or lavvo of the United States, to re-
peal them."
I said, yesterday, in alluding to this, that the
mail of the day on which the Senator presented
the resolutions, brought me the Baltimore Sun, in
which I saw a paragraph slating that the House
of Representatives of the Legislature ofOhio had,
by a vote, I think, of fifty-eight to thirty-one,
rejected a bill that was introduced there to repeal
a law which was called, in the report, a law
against kidnapping. It was said, also, in the
same statement, that, under that Jaw, a deputy
marshal of the United States, and one or two of
his assistants, had been imprisoned when they
had arrested a fugitive slave, I think, at Cleve-
land, and lnid been subjected to a trial for an ig-
nominious offense. Under that law these pro-
ceedings took place; and that was the law which
the Legislature,by its lower branch, had refused
to repeal, after having passed these resolutions
declaiing it should be repealed. That was what
I said; and I regret that the Senator was i<ot pres-
ent when I made the statement.
Mr. WADE. In answer to that, I think I may
say there is 110 law, in Ohio, contrary to the Con-
stitution of the United States, or any law under
it; for I have looked over our statute-books. This
same question was up last winter, when the Sen-
ator from Georgia [Mr. Toombs] was arraigning
the personal liberty bills in all the States; and
among others he said he thought the State of
Ohio had such a law. Oil that occasion I pro-
cured the law and read it and commented upon
it, and showed its provisions to be such as ren-
dered it impossible that it could conflict with the
Constitution or laws of the United States, be-
cause, after providing for the security of free per-
sons who were kidnapped, it went on to say that
the law should be so construed that it should not
impinge the Constitution of the United States or
any law made under it. I asked that Senator
then, "Were you judge,sir, would you suppose
that it was incumbent on you, in administering
this law, to give it such a construction, rightagaitist
its provisions, as to overthrow the laws of Con-
gress and the Constitution of the United States?"
1 supposed that the Senator gave up Ohio as not
being within his category. 1 think, sir, if it was
true that a bill was introduced in the House of
Representatives of that State, to repeal that law,
it ought to have been postponed. I think the
Senator from Virginia would have thought so too;
because I believe upon the statute-book of his
State there is a law running almost on all fours
with this, for the security of free persons who
may bo kidnapped. That is the explanation I
have to make. We have no law that impinges the
Constitution of the United States or the laws made
in accordance with it. As to the repealing bill
that the Senator spoke of, as I understand it, (and
I have already stated it once, and only state it
again because the Senator is in his placfi,) that
bill was postponed. Well, it is no matter about
that. What I have said will go on the record;
and if I am wrong, anybody inspecting our laws
can find it out well enough. I have said all that
it is necessary to say on that subject, and more.
But while I am up, being one of those who have
constantly, from the commencement of this ses-
sion, stated that, in my judgment, under the con-
dition in which the country is now, I was entirely
opposed to all those measures called compromise
measures, I wish very briefly to state, more in
detail than I have heretofore done, the reasons
which bring me to that conclusion. I have argued
this question in view of all the difficulties under
which we are now laboring, and I see no reason
to alter anything that I have already said on that
subject; and, therefore, I shall not go minutely
into it again. Buthereare attempts made to com-
promise, as it is called, with somebody forsome-
thing. Now, sir, I do not know what legitimate
controversy we have to compromise with any-
body. I have heard and listened attentively to
the speech of the honorable Senator from Ken-
tucky, the chairman of the committee of thirteen,
who had this subject under consideration. He
has attempted to arraign the State which I in part
represent, for some delinquency; but I say to him
that he has done it in so general and inconclusive
a manner that no man can make a defense to such
charges. Wo are delinquent, he says; we have
organizations 111 our State, the purpose of which
is to obstruct the execution of your laws. I plead
the general issue to it, and tell you there is no
such organization in our State, and there never
was one. How do you answer it? Why, sir, he
has heard a Representative from Ohio, [Mr. Cox,]
say that somebody told somebody else, and
through some Republican it came to him, that
there was such a thing as slaves escaping by some
kind of process called the underground railroad,
by which they got to Canada. I do not doubt
that slaves do escape. What I deny is, that there
is any organized company in the State of Ohio for
that purpose. When such a charge is made against
a State, they that make itought to be ready with
the proof to make it at least probable. You have
110 proof. I have listened to these general dec-
larations during this session, and I may say also
for the ten years that I have had a seat here; but
good old Lord Coke said that " fraud lurkethin
generalities;" and it does lurk in generalities. I
ask gentlemen, when they prefer charges against
individuals or States of being derelict in their con-
stitutional duties, to tell me wherein, and bring
the evidence that should call for a seply.
Mr. MASON. Will the Senator allow me to
interrupt him ?   /
Mr. WADE. Yes, sir. V
Mr. MASON. I will suggest one in his own
State. It has occurred between the State of Ohio
and the State of Virginia, and is now pending.
The Governor of Virginia made a demand upon
the Governor of Ohio, for the surrender of a fugi-
tive who had committed treason and murder in
the State of Virginia, in the case of the John
Brown raid, at Harper's Ferry. The Governor
of Ohio replied that, under the laws of Ohio, that
was not an offense, and therefore, in his construc-
tion, he was not to be surrendered under the pro-
vision of the Constitution. That is a case now
pending.
Mr. WADE. Now, Mr. President, I will ask
that honorable Senator, if he does not know that
this particular construction of that net is not pe-
culiar to the Governor of the State of Ohio. Has
