1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
146?
tent of his power; and that wherever a modifica-
tion of this declared purpose takes place, it will
result from his necessities alone.
Mr. President, in addition to the reasons given
for evacuating Fort Sumter, I may add that the
whole current of events around us impresses me
gloomily with the apprehension that it is not the
purpose, or has not been the purpose or policy of
the Administration to pursue a course which will
prevent the possibility of bloodshed. When the
biil passed during the last session for a certain
number of steamers of light draft and of heavy
armament, and when it was suggested there could
be no other purpose than to invade the shallow
harbors of trie southern States, it was avowed on
the other side that that was the purpose if it
should become necessary. The whole tone of the
public press of the dominant party in this country
give§ us little ground to hope that the policy to be
pursued is one which will avoid collision and
bloodshed. Moreover, the character of the Cab-
inet is not such as to induce us to believe that force
will not be used. I do not care to commentupon
those gentlemen at length; but the eminent gen-
tleman who is in the State Department, although
he breathes general words of conciliation, declared
very recently upon the floor of the Senate that he
would speak for the Union, he would give money
for the Union, and, finally, he would fight for the
Union. If there has been any modification of his
views, I have never heard it. The Secretary of
the Treasury, the Postmaster General, the Attor-
ney General, perhaps every member of that Cab-
inet, except one, whose opinions are unknown to
me, is supposed by the country to favor the pol-
icy of coercion, if it shall become necessary to
reduce the confederate States to obedience.
1 may add that the very organization of this
Senate, and the opinions continually expressed
in our hearing by Senators upon the other side,
show that the purpose is to maintain the author-
ity of the Federal Government over those States
by force, if necessary. In the organization of the
committees of this body, there is scarcely a chair-
man whose known opinions are not in favor of
the policy I have indicated. I have scarcely heard
one Senator upon that side, at any time, express
an opinion that does not justify my fears.
Then, sir, let us not deceive ourselves or the
• country. What is meant by peace? How is it
to be obtained? I desire it as sincerely as any
man, as I desire the reunion of all the States as
sincerely as any man in America.* I confess to
you that I have not seen any broad and practical
policy which tends to secure that result. We are
m constant danger of collision and bloodshed.
Perhaps, in no other country upon the globe
could the same events have occurred without pro-
ducing the most disastrous and bloody conse-
quences. We are liable at any time to hear of a
collision of arms. The highest political and ma-
terial interests of this country have been for weeks,
and are to-day, the sport of accident and chance.
Sir, let us establish some leading principle, and
let it draw all its proper consequences after it.
What is the question? Shall the Union be main-
tained by arms? Shall the authority of the Fed-
eral Government be asserted by force over seven
States, containing five million people, who have
organized themselves into a separate confederacy,
with all the machinery of government in complete
and regular operation ? That is the simple ques-
tion. It exhausts the whole subject. It is peace
or war. It is silly to take any lower view of the
question. If we mean to make war on them,
let us prepare for it. We are not prepared now.
The scattered forts and troops throughout that
confederacy are incompetent for purposes of sub-
jugation, andare significant only as causesof irri-
tation. If the Federal Union is4o be maintained
by arms, let us get ready for the conflict. If not,
then, sir, the policy is clear. Let us cease to talk
about executing the laws upon individuals, and
collecting taxes from States not represented in
levying them, and which will have no part in their
expenditure. If we would embrace the last hope
of restoring the Union, let the troops be with-
drawn from the confederate States, where their
presence can accomplish no good, but will cer-
tainly produce incalculable mischief.
Besides, sir, you cannot disguise from your-
selves the fact that, while seven States have with-
drawn from the Union, eight other States are
discontented and gloomy and trembling in the
balance. Their course may be determined by the
policy of this Administration. In my opinion,
if a halting policy is pursued, and a fort aban-
doned here and acompany or squadron withdrawn
there, under the pressure of circumstances, setting
up an impotent claim to coerce without the power
to do it, keeping up a constant danger of collision
and bloodshed; if that policy is pursued, collision
and bloodshed will occur; and when it does, Mr.
President, you will have destroyed the last hope
which now remains of reuniting the States; you
will have destroyed the last hope of maintaining,
in its integrity, what is left of the Confederacy.
Sir, it may be presumptuous in me, but 1 shall
speak plainly, yet with great respect. I think the
Senate, representing the States of this Confeder-
acy, and being the constitutional adviser of the
President, should advise him by resolution to
withdraw the troops from the confederate States,
and to be careful not to collect forces in large
numbers in any of the southern States, nor to
take any step tohich would look like a menace to
them; we should throw the whole question, where
it really is, upon the chance of negotiation and
amicable settlement. The seven States who have
gone out are a protest against force in any form.
From the eight southern States that remain, mak-
ing fifteen in all, there is also a protest against
force. Kentucky, Tennessee, Virginia, and oth-
ers, have, in direct terms and by overwhelming
majorities of their representatives, declared that
if force is employed they will consider the cause
of these States their own; and Maryland—con-
demned to silence amid scenes that would move
the utterance of a mute—voiceless Maryland, un-
able to speak, looks her protest against the policy
of coercion. Then, sir, it may be assumed that if
this Administration proposes to execute the laws
of the Federal Government within the States that
have withdrawn, it will array against it—ay, and
against the old Union—fifteen sovereign States of
this Confederacy. But, sir, if the President, under
the advice of the Senate, will withdraw these scat-
tered and impotent forces from the confederate
States, he will give the country an assurance that
he really means peace. All good men will ap-
prove the act, and he will have adopted the only
policy that leaves one lingering hope of a consti-
tutional Union that shall embrace the thirty-four
States.
Mr. President, I shall vote with pleasure for
the resolution of the Senator from Illinois, be-
cause its purpose seems to me to look in this di-
rection. I venture to add, however, that it seems
to me it would be more direct and more effective
if some Senator would introduce herea resolution
expressing it as the sense of the Senate that, under
the circumstances which surround the country,
it is the duty of the President to withdraw all the
troops from the limits of the confederate States,
and remove the last possibility of collision and
bloodshed.
I have spoken of the forts and said nothing
about the revenue, for obvious reasons. It is un-
derstood that the question was very thoroughly
considered by the late Administration, and the
conclusion reached that, under existing laws, it
will be impossible to interfere, by taxation or other-
wise, with the commerce of the seceded States.
I think, also, this fact was sufficiently demon-
strated the other day by the Senator from Illinois.
Under existing laws, the revenue must be col-
lected within the ports. None of the ports are in
the possession of the United States. It must be
collected by Federal officers at the ports. No
officers are there to act under the Federal laws.
The President does not possess the right, nor has
he the power, to blockade the southern ports.
Then, sir, I apprehend there will be no interfer-
ence upon the question of revenue, at least until
Congress meets and new laws are enacted. The
suggestion of the Senator from New York, [Mr.
King,] that the imports and exports, to the amount
of several hundred million dollars annually, might
be stopped, under the head of preventing smug-
gling, is important only as evidence of the flimsy
arguments on which gentlemen rest their opinions
that anything can be done upon the question of
revenue. Smuggling is the secret importing or
exporting of goods contrary to law. There is no
law which prevents these goods from going into
the southern ports. The trade is not secret; it is
the open commerce of nations, carried in ships and
under flags; it has not one feature of smuggling,
and cannot be arrested upon any such idea. Then,
I apprehend we are in no present danger of col-
lision on the question of revenue, but only on tk«
question of the forts; and it belongs to this Admin-
istration and to its advisers in the Senate to
whether the country shall drift into war upon the
question of holding a few soldiers at a-fewforts
withh) the limits of those States, only to be taiea
finally with or without Woodshed."
But, Mr. President, if we can pass that ques-
tion for the present, if the Administration, as I
sincerely hope it may, will adopt a practical pol-
icy that will assure the country we are,to have
peace for the present, then the question arises^
what are the chances ot reuniting all the States
upon a thorough basis of government? And upon
that I shall trouble the Senate with a few obser-
vations. - '
Mr. President, for one, I prefer the present
Federal Government, administered in the spirit
of the Constitution, to any other Government on
earth. I believe, thus administered, it is the best
Government on earth. I inherited, and all my life
have cherished, a habitual and cordial attachment
to a constitutional Union, and now would be will-
ing any day to die for it. But, while I believe, ad-
ministered according to the true principles'of the
Constitution, it is the best on earth, { also believe
that, administered without the limitations of the
Constitution, and by the simple power of a sec-
tional majority, it becomes the worst onearthj
and, for myself, neither in public nor in private
life, will I ever consent to sacrifice the principles
of constitutional freedom, of municipal liberty,
and of State equality, to the naked idea of Fed-
eral unity.
It is of the nature of all great disputes to sift
themselves down to their underlying principles;
and the time has come for us to determine whether
this Federal Government can be preserved upon
the principles of the Constitution. In my opinion,
Senators, the Federal Government cannot be re-
stored or preserved upon the principles which
brought the dominant party into power. We be-
lieve that they have perverted tne Constitution.
We believe that they are employing the common
Government for unconstitutional purposes, and
to oppress a portion of the confederated States.
We believe that their principles and their policy
inflict not only injury, but degradation, upon
nearly half the States of this Union. Mr.Presi-
dent, without discussing all the declarations of
principle put forth by that party, allow me to call
yourattention to oneonly,upon which I will com-
ment for a iittle while. It is a part of the Chicago
platform, which I was sorry to hear the President
declare, upon a solemn occasion, from the eastern
portico of the Capitol, was a law to him and to
his friends. It is the eighth resolution of that
platform:
"That the normal condition of all the territory of the
United States ia that of freedom; that as our republican
fathers, when they had abolished slavery in all our national
teriitory, ordained that ' no person should be deprived of
life, liberty, or property, without du* process of law,' it be-
come* our duty, by legislation, whenever such legislation
is neecssary, to maintain this provision of the Constitution
against all attempts to violate it 5 and we deny the author-
ity of Congress, of a Territorial Legt?latuie,or of any indi-
viduals, to give legal existence to slavery in any Territoty
of the United States."
So abhorrent to this political party is the idea
of property in a slave or in the labor of a slave,
that, although the institutions of fifteen States of
the Union are, in a large degree, founded upon it,
they declare it to be a fundamental principle with
them that neither Congress nor a Territorial Le-
gislature, nor individuals, have the power to give
legal existence to that species of property in any
of the Territories of the United States. In other
words, it is a fundamental principle of your party,
Senators, which I have never yet, during all these
disputes and attempts at pacification, seen one of
you depart or recede an inch from; it is your un-
derlying principle that you will notrecognize that
description of property at all, or confer on it in
any form, directly or indirectly, Federal recogni-
tion or protection. There is an impassable gulf
between this principle and that on which the
whole body of the southern people stand. I pass
by the evidences we could produce of the prac-
tice of the Government m times gone by, recog-
nizing and protecting property of this description
in the Territories, on the high seas, and every-
where within Federal jurisdiction. I pass by the
opinion, not to say the decision, of the highest
