510
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 22,
J
office laws general and applicable to all laws of
the United States.
Mr. COLFAX. I cannot consent that this
matter shall be complicated with other matters.
Gentleman upon that side of the House have pro-
tested against coercion. There is no coercion in
this bill. It is a measure of peace, and, at the
same ume, a measure of economy. No gentle-
man can complain of this being an attempt to
coerce a State. It simply states that, inasmuch
as the postal laws cannot be executed, the postal
service shall, in such cases, be withdrawn.
Mr. BRANCH. Will the gentleman allow my
amendment to be read?
Mr. COLFAX. I have no objection to that.
Mr. PHELPS. I ask the gentleman from In-
diana to postpone the consideration of this bill to
some other time.
Mr. BRANCH. I call for the reading of the
amendment.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I ask that the
Clerk also read the original bill at the same time.
JOHN JOHNSON.
Mr. VALLAND1GHAM. Beforethatisdone,
I desire to have an error corrected which occurred
yesterday. It will occupy but a moment. On
my motion, the Committee of the Whole House
was discharged from the further consideration of
House bill No. 263, for the relief of John John-
son, and the bill was referred to the Committee
on Indian Affairs. Ry mistake the bill was en-
grossed, and sent to ttie Senate as passed. I am
sorry that that is not the fact. I submit the fol-
lowing resolution:
Rcsolctd, That the Clerk of this House be directed to
request tlie Semite to return House lull No. 263, entitled
"An act toi the leliof of John Johnson, of Ohio."
The resolution was agreed to.
POSTAL SERVICE—AGAIN.
The original bill offered by Mr. Colfax was
again read.
The amendment offered by Mr. Branch was
read, as follows:
Strike out all after the enacting clause, and insert:
To the end that all occasion lor the use of force may
be removed, and to prevent the breaking out of civil war
pending the deliberations of Congress on the existing crisis,
in public aflairs, be it enacted that alt the laws of the Uni-'
ted Stafd be, and hereby are, suspended until the 1st day
of Jiinuaiy, 1862, in and over those States which have heie-
tofoie adopted, or which may previous to said day adopt,
ordinances of secession.
Mr. COLFAX. Icannotconsenttothatamend-
ment, because if South Carolina chooses to send
members of Congress back here, I should be glad
to see them, and would throw no hinderance in
the way of their coming. Indeed, they evidently
consider themselves members yet, for at least one
of them, a gentleman whom I respect sincerely,
was, up to the 16th of the present month, frank-
ing letters under the act of Congress bestowing
that power upon members of the Congress of the
Uniied States, and I do not desire to deprive them
of that right.
Mr. DAWES. I would inquire of the gentle-
man from Indiana whether it is his intention,
when lie calls up the bill, to put it under the op-
eration of the previous question, or does he intend
to give some time for discussion?
Mr. COLFAX. It is my intention to put it
under the operation of the previous question, when
it is called up for passage.
Mr. DAWES. 1 hope the gentleman will re-
consider that determination. The bill is of so
much importance, and involves so many matters
of principle, that 1 trust he will at least permit
some little time for its consideration.
Mr. COLFAX. I will only say that if the
House does not think the bill ought to pass in that
way they can vote down the previous question,
and the bill will go over for general debate.
Mr. PHELPS. I would suggest to the gentle-
man from Indiana that he do not insist that we
shall proceed to the consideration of that bill at
this time. Let it be printed and its consideration
postponed until some future day. It will then be
under the control of the House.
Mi. COLFAX. The bill is brief, and every
gentleman understands it thoroughly. I waited
one mouth after the so-called act of secession was
passed in South Carolina, supposing that they
would inaugurate some postal system of their
own, if they were, as they claim to be, independ-
ent. Seeing no such thing probable, and our
postal matters being in the condition they arc, I
considered it my duty to introduce this bill.
Mr. BRANCH. I desire to ask the gentleman
whether the laws in reference to the Post Office
Department, and those in reference to the collec-
tion of the revenues from postages, are not the
only Federal laws in operation in South Carolina?
Mr. COLFAX. I cannot say what laws, if
any, are in operation in that State.
Mr. BRANCH. And whether that is not the
only branch of the service in South Carolina to
which the gentleman's bill is unnecessary?
Mr, STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I wish to
have an amendment read, wnich I shall offer at
the proper time. I do not know whether it will
be allowed to be printed; but I would like to have
it printed, so that I can move it as a substitute
when the time arrives.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I wish to suggest
to my friend from Indiana, that this, most cer-
tainly, is an improper season to press this meas-
ure upon the attention of the House. The special
committee to which all this subject has been re-
ferred, as wisely said by the gentleman from North
Carolina, has had, and has, this, among other sub-
jects, under consideration. It is certainly a grave
question whether all the laws of the land can be
constitutionally suspended over any portion of the
land, or whether any portion of these laws can be
suspended, and if so, what portion. Itis a matter
of grave inquiry now, whether this is, as the gen-
tleman terms it, a measure of peace or a piece of
a measure. [Laughter.] This is the question
before the House, whether it will inure, in its
catholic sense, to the correction entirely of the
abuses or the evils under which we are suffering,
or whether it is only partial in its operation.
Now, it is proper that this House should have
time to consider under the benefit of all the lights
which it proposes to itself by virtue of the labors,
the diligence, and the application of the commit-
tee, and to judge and determine whether the meas-
ures proposed, in one or more of them, are com-
petent and applicable to the exigency which this
is intended to meet. I therefore hope, and hope
in view of the dangerous crisis in which we are,
in view of the revolution into which we are pre-
cipitated, that my friend from Indiana will, in his
discretion and wisdom, give this bill another day
|ar consideration.
**Mr. COLFAX. I will now hear the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Pennsylvania read.
The proposed amendment was read, as follows:
Be it enacted, That the President is hereby authorized
and empowered, when, in his judgment, he shall deem it
necessary, to suspend all laws and parts of laws establish-
ing ports of entry, collection districts or other mean? of
collecting revenues, m the States of South Carolina, Flor-
ida, Alabama, Mississippi, or any other State that has now
or may hereafter seccde from the Union, or be in lebellton
against the United States, and continue such suspension
until said State or States shall return to their loyalty to the
United States. The Piesidentsliail give notice of such sus-
pension by pioclamation, which shall take effect in ten days
thereafter.
Sec. 2. Andbeit further enacted, That during the con-
tinuance of such suspension, it shall not be lawful for any
ves&el, foreign or domestic, except such as belong to the
United States, to enter or leave any port of said State or
States, eithei lor foreign pons oi coastwise.
Slc. 3. Andbeitfurtkcrcnactcd, Thatifany vessel should
be found violating the provisions of this act, the said ves-
sel and cargo shall be foifeitcd—the one hall to the captors,
and the other half to the United States, to be tried in any
court of admiralty juusdietiori in the United States.
Snc. 4. And be it further enacted ^ That the President
shall have power m like manner to suspend all laws estab-
lishing post offices or post loutcs within any such State or
States ; and the mails of the United States shall thereafter
be carried only to the line of said State or States, except
where it may be necessary to pass through such State to
reach a loyal State, but then it shall not be opened in a
seceding oi rebellious State.
Sfc. 5. And be it further enactcd, That the President
shall have power to use the Army and Navy to execute
this law.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I desire to propound
a question to my colleague. I desire to know of
him whether this bill has been recommended by
the Postmaster General, and whether it meets
with the approbation of the Post Office Depart-
ment ?
Mr. COLFAX. There is no Postmaster Gen-
eral now.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. Somebody is at the
head of the Post Office Department; and I desire
to know whether it is recommended by that De-
partment?
Mr. HINDMAN. I desire to know whether
the late Postmaster General—the present Secre-
tary of War—approves it?
Mr. COLFAX. I decline to be questioned by
the gentleman from Arkansas at present.
Mr. SHERMAN. Is a motion to recommit
pending ?
The SPEAKER. There is.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then I move to postpone
its consideration one week.
Mr. BRANCH. How did the gentleman get
the floor to make that motion ?
Mr. COLFAX. I yielded to the gentleman
from Ohio. I am always willing to carry out the
wishes of the House. I yielded to the gentleman
from North Carolina, and to the gentleman from
Pennsylvania. I now yield to the gentleman from
Ohio. I will say that I am willing to postpone-
the consideration of this bill to a day certain.
Mr. PHELPS. Postpone it two weeks from
to-day.
Mr. HINDMAN. Before the vote is taken, I
desire to make an inquiry of the gentleman from
Indiana. He remarked a while ago that, to his
knowledge, some of the members of Congress
from South Carolina were franking documents up
to the 16th of the present month. What is the
ground of the gentleman's statement?
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. If I can get the ear
of my colleague, I desire an answer to the ques-
tion I propounded to him a moment ago.
Mr. COLFAX. I wish first to answer the
question of the gentleman from Arkansas. A
gentleman informed me yesterday that he had
received a letter postmarked the 16th instant, that
was franked by a member of the House from
South Carolina.
Mr. HINDMAN. Who was it?
Mr. COLFAX. I decline answering that ques-
tion; but am perfectly convinced of its truth.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I respectfully request
my colleague to answer the question which I pro-
pounded to him a moment ago, whether this bill
has been recommended by the Postmaster Gen-
eral ?
Mr. COLFAX. I offered the bill upon my
responsibility as a member of Congress, and as
chairman of the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads. Further than that, I decline answer-
ing the question of my colleague, with all respect,
except to say that Mr. Holt is not responsible
for the introduction of this bill, though 1 hope he
will approve of it. The bill is recommended by
the Post Office Committee.
Mr. Speaker, I have yielded the floor to the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Sherman] at the re-
quest of gentlemen upon the other side of the
House, as well as upon this, to move to postpone
the consideration of this bill until Thursday week;
and to make it a special order for that day.
Mr. SHERMAN. Itis not necessary to make
the bill a special order. Themotionto recommit
may be called up any time during the morning
hour; but if it be postponed, it cannot be called
up until the day to which it is postponed.
The motion to postpone was agreed to.
Mr. PHELPS. Let the bill be printed.
Mr. COLFAX. I have no objection to that,
and to the printing of all the amendments.
The bill and amendments were ordered to be
printed.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Were those amend-
ments received ?
The SPEAKER. No," sir.
Mr. BRANCH. I do not think the amend-
ments ought to be printed. I think it is a very
irregular proceeding.
Mr. COLFAX. If the gentleman objects to
the printing of the amendments, let the bill alone
be printed.
Mr. BRANCH. I withdraw my objection to
the printing of the amendments.
Mr. GROW. I take it that, if the bill is printed,
that is all which is necessary. There are no
amendments pending.
The SPEAKER. It was distinctly understood
that the amendments were not received. They
were only proposed; but they were ail ordered to
be printed.
MAIL SERVICE IN WASHINGTON TERRITORY.
Mr. COLFAX, from the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads, reported back, with
a recommendation that it do pass, joint resolution
(H, R. No. 48) in relation to mail service in Wash -
