1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1-471
bition of a man of such humble powers as myself,
to represent this country at some other of the
Governments of the earth; but, as God is iny
judge, I would prefer the most private place and
position that could be found in this continent
rather than to go abroad to represent this Gov-
ernment nt the proudest of the monarchies of the
earth, and have thorn point to me and ask me
what was the extent of the constitutional powers
of this Government, and if it was consistent with
the state of things which we now see, and with
which we are daily threatened. Wo, sir; let other
men go; I prefer to go home; I prefer to go to
that little State which X have the honor in part to
represent; and I say it in 110 spirit of reproach,
but as a simple matter of fact, I know that her
soil is sterile, herchmate is severe, and her frosts
tremendous; but sterileand smalland pooras she
is, none but freemen breathe her airs; no enemy
ever impressed his footsteps upon her soil. We
will go there, sir, and upon those mountain tops,
which pierce the clouds, resting in their sublimity
and their grandeur as monuments of the strength
of God, we will let the old flag of theUnion float,
and the protection of constitutional liberty and
law shall be extended to every man that lives
within her borders. [Applause in the galleries.]
Mr. POWELL. I move that the galleries be
cleared. ["Oh, no!"] This thing has been re-
peated here twice this morning. I move that the
galleries be cleared.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness.
Mr. POWELL. At the suggestion of gentle-
men, I withdraw my motion. It seems to me
that, as was said the other day, the galleries will
soon turn the Senate out. But I withdraw the
motion.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Mr. President 
Mr. TRUMBULL. I made a motion that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of executive
business.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I thought I had the floor
before the Senator.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
recognized the Senator from Illinois; but he sup-
posed the Senator from Kentucky had concluded.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I insist on my motion.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I am not very anxious
about the floor. I merely intended to say a word
in respect to the Senator from New Hampshire;
or rather to ask him a question, perhaps.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator from Illinois give way to the Senator from
North Carolina?
Mr. HALE. I hope he will not, if the Sena-
tor from North Carolina is going to question me.
[Laughter.]
Mr. TRUMBULL. There are other Senators
who design speaking, as I understand. If we
give way for one, we shall have to do so for an-
other. 1 insist on the motion that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of executive business.
The motion was agreed to; andafter sometime
spent in executive session, the doors were re-
opened, and the Senate adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, March 19, 1861.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Gerley.
The J ournal of yesterday was read and approved.
Several messages, in writing, were received from
the President of the United States, by Mr. Nico-
lay, his Secretary.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN.
On motion of Mr. GRIMF.S, it was
Ordered, That J. B. Thomas have leave to withdraw his
petition and papers.
OFFICERS OP THE SENATE.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Is the resolution which
was under discussion yesterday immediately be-
fore the Senate'
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be imme-
diately before the Senate after the receipt of res-
olutions. Resolutions are in order.
Mr. HALE. I have a resolution which I wish
to present this morning, but I shall not ask the
action of the Senate upon it until to-morrow; and
as it relates to the government of the Senate, I will
read it from mydesk, with the leave of the Chair:
Resolved, That William Hiekey be, and ho hereby is, ap-
pointed acting Secretary of the Senate during the present
tnfirinitv of the Secretary, and that siud acting Secretary
be. ana lie is hereby, empowered to do and perform all offi-
cial acts pertaining to the ofiice of the Secretary 01 the
Senate not specifically devolved on the Secretary by lau,
and under the same responsibilities now devolved on tilt
Secretary, and alter giving like official bond; and that he
so continue until the further order of the Senate ; and Unit
the salaiy of the said William Ilickey be continued the
same as it now is.
I have another resolution that I wish to present,
and let it take the same course:
Resolved, That the resolution of the Senate, passed the
8th of December, 1855, appointing the said William Hickcy
chief clerk, and Joseph II. Nicholson in the place made
vacant by his appointment, be, and the same is heiehy,
repealed.
Let them lie over until to-morrow, when I shall
call them up.
Mr. BRIGHT. Let them be printed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The order to print
will be made, if there be no objection.
There being 110 objection, the resolutions were
ordered to be printed.
FORTS IN THE SECEDING STATES.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no other
resolutions offered, the resolution of the Senator
from Illinois [Mr. Douglas] is before the Senate,
as the unfinished business of yesterday .
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
following resolution, submitted by Mr. Douglas,
on the 13th instant;
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be requested to in-
form the Senate what forts, arsenals, navy-yaids, and other
public works, within tile limits of the States of South Car-
olina, Geoigia, Florida, Alabama, Mississippi, Louisiana,
and Texas, aie now within the actual possession and oc-
cupation of the United States, and by what nuiflberof men
each is garrisoned and held, and whether reinforcements
are necessary to lotam the same -, and if so, whether the
Govei nment has the power and means, under existing laws,
to supply such leiniorcements within such tune as the
exigencies and necessities of the case may demand ; and
whether the defense and protection of the United States
and their mteiests make it necessary and wise to retain mil-
itary possession of such torts, places, and other pioporty,
except at Key West and Tortu^a*, and to lecaptuie and
reoeeupy such others as the United States have been de-
puved 01 by seizine or surrender foi any other purpose, and
Willi a view to any other end than the subjugation and oc-
cupation of those States which have assumed the right to
secede from the Union, and within whose limits such l'orts
and other public property are situated; and if such be the
motives for rceaptunng and holding the foits and other pub-
lic propeity, what military force, including logulars and
volunteers, would be necessary to enable the United States
to 1 educe the States aforesaid, and such others as are sup
posed to sympathize with them, to subjection and obedience
to the laws of the Union,and to protect the Federal capital.
The pending question being on the amendment
of Mr. Clark to strike out all after the words
" United States," where they first occur, in the
following words;
"And hy what number of men each is garrisoned and held,
and whether reinforcements aie necessary to retain the
same; and if so, whether the Government has the power and
means, under existing laws, to supply such remtorcements
within such time as the exigencies and necessities of the
case mav demand ; and whether the defense and protection
of the United States and their interests make it necessary
and wise to retain military possession of such forts, places,
and other property, exctpt .it Key West and Tortugas, and
to recapture and reoeeupy such others as the United States
have been deprived of by seizure or surrender, for any other
puipose and with a view to any othei end than the subju-
gation and occupation of those States which have assumed
the right to secede fiom the Union, and within whose limits
sucll torts and other public propeity are situated; and it'
such be the motives for recapturing and holding the foits
and other public property, wiiat military force, including
regulars and volunteeis, would be necessary to enable the
United States to reduce the States aforesaid, and such otlieis
as are supposed to sympathize with them, to subjection and
obedience to the laws of the Union, and to protect the Fed-
eral capital."
Mr. CLINGMAN. When I took the floor
yesterday, I was about to call the attention of the
Senator from New Hampshire, [Mr. Hale,]
whose course of remark 1 thought rendered it
legitimate for me to do so, to one point in connec-
tion with a subject that he alluded to; and I avail
myself of this occasion to call his attention, and
that of other Senators, to the subject.
It will be recollected, Mr. President, that when
theSenatorfrom Connecticut [Mr. Dixon] offered
a resolution to print the inaugural, I expressed
the opinion that it meant war; that the policy of
the President, as there indicated, must necessarily
lead to war; and I so characterized it. The hon-
orable Senator from Illinois, not at this moment
in his seat, [Mr. Dox-glas,] expressed a different
opinion; and bringing to the view oi the Senate
several statements made in it, argued that its pol-
icy was that of peace. Since then, the honora-
ble Senator from Illinois has argued at consider-
able length, and with great force, and 1 admit that
some of the facts to which he alluded; did tend,
very much to bring my mind to the conclusion
that the President, after all, might not attempt to
carry out what he declared to be his duty.
1 had some hope, from the array of facts pre-,
sented by the honorable Senator from Illinois,
that the policy of the Administration might not
be one calculated or intended to involve us inev-
itably m civil war; out there is one pregrjant dif-
ficulty in the way; and if the honorable Senator
from New Hampshire, or any other Senator, can
relieve my mind on that point, I should be very
much gratified. If the policy be (as has been con-
tended by the Senator from Illinois and others)
one of peace, why should it not be announced?
Everybody knows that the eountry is suffering,
that commerce isparalyzed, that manufactures are
depressed, that stocks are down, that there is a
general stagnation and distress throughout the
land; and, as has been well said by the Senator
from Illinois, if the Administration would an-
nounce a peaceful policy, we should at once be
relieved from these difficulties. Why should it
not be done, if that, in fact, be the policy ? Ev-
erybody will see that it is eminently important
that it should be so; but if, on the other hand, a
different policy be intended, I can well understand
why it should, for the time, be concealed; and I
apprehend, and I am forced very reluctantly to
the conclusion, that it is the settled policy of those
in power to involve us very soon in civil war.
Their silence is pregnant, to my mind. Suppose
that were the policyiwhat would the Government
do? Would it indicate it at once ? By no means.
TheGoveinment troops are scattered far and wide
over the country. Two or three thousand of them,
perhaps, are in Texas; and if war were declared
at once, there can be 110 doubt that the people ot
Texas could make prisoners of that portion of the
Army. The troops that the Government has, are
not only scattered far and wide, but its ships are
on every sea. I understand, and I presume there
is no doubt about the fact, that orders have gone
to the Mediterranean and to the distant stations,
to bring our ships home. Why? If there is a
peaceful policy intended, why should our ships
bo brought out of the Mediterranean ? Are they
not as necessary now at that point as they ever
were ? Why is such an immense armament being
collected atNewYork? For if we are to believe the
newspapers and private correspondence, there is
a larger number of ships of war there now than
has ever been collected on our coast at any one
time in the last twenty years.
Mr. GRIMES. I think they have not been
ordered home from the Mediterranean.
Mr. CLINGMAN. It is so stated. I do not
know what the fact may be.
Mr. CLARK. It was so stated during Buch-
anan's administration. .
Mr. CLINGMAN. I w.ill ask the honorable
Senator from Iowa—and I shall be obliged to him
for the information—does he believe that distant
ships at the Mediterranean and elsewhere have
not been ordered home ?
Mr. GRIMES. I made inquiries a day or two
since on that subject, and learned that they had
not been ordered home from the Mediterranean.
I made the inquiry of those who 1 supposed were
informed.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Then, I take that to be
true. Have tliey been ordered home from distant
stations anywhere? Perhaps the Senator can
inform me.
Mr. GRIMES. I have 110 knowledge on that
subject.
Mr. CLINGMAN. TheSenatorlias no knowl-
edge on that subject, but only in ref'eience to the
Mediterranean. I am very much pleased to hear
what he has stated as to that; but it is rumored
that ships stationed at distant places have been
ordered home; and it is strange that- the Senator
should inquire as to the Mediterranean and not
inquire as to the others.
Mr. GRIMES. Not at all. I was interested
as to parties on board some of the vessels there.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Then I will take that ex-
planation, that the inquiry as to the Mediterranean
was accidental, or, at least, not connected with
this particular subject. My very purpose was to
get information of that kind.
Now, sir, I come to the point which I wish
to put to honorable Senators. There can be 110
