512
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 22,
present our propositions as amendments to the
propositions now under consideration.
Mr. FLORENCE. Do I understand that the
report of the select committee of thirty-three is
now under consideration ?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. FLORENCE. Woulditbein order now
for me to offer a substitute for the amendment to
the Constitution reported by the committee,?
The SPEAKER. No amendment is in order
at this time, for the reason that the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Bingham] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. FLORENCE. I have an amendment
which I desire to offer whenever it shall be in or-
der. I merely asked for information.
Mr. MORSE. I wish to make an inquiry. I
understand that an extra number of the report of
this committee is to be printed. Now, I will state
that the journal of the committee was ordered to
be reported to the House, with the request to have
it printed with the report. I wish to inquire of
the chairman of the committee, or of anybody
who can answer, whythe journal was not reported
and ordered to be printed with the report of the
committee.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. The journal of
the committee is •among the papers ordered to be
printed.
Mr. MORSE. It does not appear among the
papers printed with the report.
Mr. FLORENCE. I desire that the number
of copies, in addition to the usual number, shall
be twenty thousand.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Committee on Print-
ing will determine upon the number of copies to
be reported to the House to be printed.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that the
journal of the committee has not been ordered to
be printed, and he supposed it had not been re-
ported.
Mr. MORSE. As I understood it, the chairman
of the committee was directed to report to the
House the several propositions agreed upon by
the committee, with the journal of the committee.
Mr. CORW IN. The journal was included in
the report of the committee; but it lias not been
presented to me by the clerk as yet for my signa-
ture.
Mr. MORSE. Has it not been made out?
Mr. CORWIN. I do not know. I suppose so.
Mr. MORSE. I hope thegentleman from Ohio,
as the organ of the committee, will see that the
journal is incorporated in the report of the com-
mittee, so that it may be printed with it.
Mr. CORWIN. It shall be so incorporated. I
suppose the gentleman does not wish it printed
cxcept in theregular numbers.
Mr. MORSE. No; I do not carc about that.
Mr. CORWIN. Then it will be understood
that the extra copies to be printed do not include
the journal.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. DAVIDSON, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that the committee had exam-
ined and found truly enrolled bills of I he following
titles; when the Speaker signed the same:
An act for the relief of Samuel II. Franklin;
An act for the reliefof Lieutenant John C. Car-
ter; and
Ail act for the relief of Major Benjamin Alvord,
paymaster in the United States Army.
Mr. BINGHAM addressed the House for an
hour upon the state of the Union. [His remarks
will he published in the Appendix.]
Mr. CLEMENS obtained the floor.
Mr. BUIICH. I ask thegentleman from Vir-
ginia [Mr. Clemens] to yield me the floor in or-
der that I may offer the resolution proposed by
the gentleman from Oregon [Mr. Stout] and my-
self, as a minority of the committee of thirty-
three, as an amendment to the propositions
reported by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Cor-
win.] 1 shall not ask to discuss or have action
on the resolution at this time; but with the in-
dulgence of the House, at an early day, shall ad-
dress myself to the present dangerous condition of
affairs.
Mr. CLEMENS. I yield for that purpose.
Mr. BURCH. Then I offer this amendment.
Mr. GROW. I object to the introduction of
amendments of this kind.
Mr. BURCH. An objection cannot prevent
my introducing this resolution as an amend-
ment.
Mr. GROW. Has it not been printed?
Mr. BURCH. It has been printed with the
report of the committee.
Mr. GROW. Then I do not object.
The SPEAKERjm-o tempore. The amendment
is received.
Mr. SICKLES. I now ask my friend from
Virginia to yield to me for a moment.
Mr. CLEMENS. I yield to thegentleman.
Mr. SICKLES. I now offer as an amendment
the proposition which I send to the Clerk's desk,
and which I state is in substance what is known
as the Crittenden propositions.
Mr. GROW. I object to the gentleman from
Virginia yielding the floor for the purpose of
offering any more amendments.
Mr. WINSLOW. The gentleman from New
York has the floor, and is entitled to offer his
amendment.
Mr. GROW. I can object to the gentleman
from Virginia yielding the floor, unless he yields
it unconditionally; and I do object.
Mr. SICKLES. The gentleman's objection
comes too late. The gentleman from Virginia
has yielded the floor, and I have submitted my
amendment.
Mr. GROW. It is not too late. I have the
right to object to the gentleman from Virginia
yielding the floor for the purpose of allowing an
amendment to be offered, and I made the objec-
tion as soon as I could ascertain the purpose of
the gentleman from New York.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair de-
cides that the objection comes too late. The gen-
tleman from Virginia had yielded the floor, and
the gentleman from New York offered bis amend-
ment before the gentleman from Pennsylvania
objected.
Mr. GROW. I appeal from the decision of the
Chair.
Mr. SICKLES. I have the floor, and the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania cannot take it from me.
Mr. GROW. I can take the floor from any
member upon a question of order.
Mr. WINSLOW. The Chair has assigned the
floor to the gentleman from New York, and it can-
not be taken from him.
Mr. GROW. I have appealed from the decis-
ion of the Chair. I can take the floor for that
purpose.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair will
state that the gentleman from Virginia yielded
the floor, and it was assigned to the gentleman
from New York, who is now entitled to it.
Mr. GROW. I objected to its being yielded.
Mr. SICKLES. I rise to a point of order.
Mr. GROW. I have raised one point of order,
which is as much as can be entertained at one
time.
Mr. SICKLES. My point of order is, that the
gentleman from Pennsylvania has made no point
of order. When the Speaker assigns a gentleman
the floor, the point that he is entitled to the floor
is a matter of fact, and not a point of order. The
act of the Speaker in assigning a gentleman the
floor is a declaration of fact, and not a decision
which is subject to an appeal to the House. You
can appeal from a decision of the Speaker, but
you cannot appeal from a declaration of fact. I
submit, therefore, that the gentleman has not
raised a question of order, nor has he raised any
appeal which can be entertained.
Mr. GROW. I have raised a question of order,
and I ask the Chair to decide it by putting the
question to the House.
Mr. SICKLES. I insist that the gentleman
has not raised any point of order which can be
entertained.
Mr. CLEMENS. If this is to come out of my
time I must resume the floor.
Mr. GROW. The first question is upon the
appeal I have taken from the decision of the
Chair.
Mr. SICKLES. I repeat that it is not an ap-
pealable question.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Thegentleman
from Pennsylvania has the right to rise to a ques-
tion of order, and the gentleman from New York
will suspend until he has stated it.
Mr. GROW. My point of order is, that when
a gentleman is assigned the floor, he is entitled to
it for an hour without interruption. He cannot
yield the floor if there be objection; and in respect
to my objection being too late, I submit that when
a gentleman has the floor, and another gentleman
asks him to yield it, it is not time to object until
we can know for what purpose he asks it. I
objected to the gentleman from Virginia yielding
the floor as soon as the gentleman from New
York had announced that his purpose was to offer
an amendment.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair will
state that the gentleman from Virginia yielded the
floor unconditionally, so far as the Chair can
know. The Chair then assigned the floor to the
gentleman from New York.
Mr. GROW. And I objected as soon as the
gentleman from New York announced what his
purpose was.
Mr. SICKLES. The objection of the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania was not made until after
I had obtained the floor, and offered my amend-
ment.
Mr. CLEMENS. I must insist upon my right
to the floor.
Mr. GROW. Very well; I will withdraw my
question of order, if the gentleman from Virginia
will go on with his remarks.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Does the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania withdraw his appeal?
Mr. GROW. Certainly; if the gentleman from
Virginia is going on with his remarks, I do.
Mr. BURNETT. I desire to inquire, before
the gentleman from Virginia proceeds, whether
the amendment of thegentleman fromNew York
has been received ?
Mr. GROW. I take it that the amendment if
not received.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair de-
cides that the amendment is before the House.
Mr. GROW. Then the gentleman from Vir-
ginia cannot resume the floor until my point o'
order has been decided.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair de-
cides that the gentleman's objection came too late.
Mr. GROW. I appeal from the decision.
Mr. SICKLES. I insist that the gentleman
from Virginia is entitled to the floor, and shall be
permitted to proceed.
Mr. CLEMENS. I desire to go on with my
remarks. I hope the gentleman will give me my
rights as a member of this House.
Mr GROW. Certainly, the gentleman shall
have his rights; but I also wish to claim my right
to appeal from the decision of the Chair.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman
from Pennsylvania could not take the floor from
the gentleman from Virginia.
Mr. GROW. I have the right to take the floor
at any time upon a question of order.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair will
put the question to the House.
Mr. BURCH. I hope ail this will not como
out of the time of the gentleman from Virginia.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. It will not.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will suggest to the gen-
tleman from New York, that he will have ample
opportunity to offer his amendment in future.
Mr. SICKLES. Why not let it come in now?
Mr. GROW. I insist upon my question of
order. I have no objection to the gentleman offer-
ing his amendment at the proper time, but it has
not been properly received now; and I appeal
from the decision of the Chair.
Mr. WASIIBURNE, of Illinois. I hope the
Chair will put the question, and have it decided.
Mr. WINSLOW. I wish to ask whether it was
not the understanding thatgentlemen representing
the minority of the committee were to have the
opportunity of presenting their propositions'
Mr. GROW. Certainly; and every gentleman,
I suppose, will have an opportunity; butthegen-
tleman from New York is not a member of the
committee at all.
Mr. SICKLES. The country is calling upon
us to vote upon this proposition in this House.
Millions of people are looking to us. [Shouts of
"Older!" "Order!"] It has been twice presented.
["Order!" "Order!"] I am now entitled to the
floor to present it. [Cries of "Order !" and great
confusion.] I will insist upon my rights, as long
as I have a seat upon this floor. [Deafening
shouts of "Order!" continuing for some time, in
which the remaining sentences uttered by the
speaker could not be heard by the reporter.]
The SPEAKER, pro tempore. The gentleman
from New York is out of order, and will take his
seat.
