1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
515
entirely. It is so recognized by the best consti-
tutional lawyers; and so long, sir, as I have that
discretion, I intend to vote against the admission
of more slave States.
Gentlemen say that perhaps New Mexico will
be a free State. I do not believe it, sir. I believe
that the same power and the same party which
has adopted in that Territory a slave code of the
most barbarous character, and which has been
fitly characterized by the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Cingiiam] to-day, will adopt a pro-slavery
constitution. Those laws'are in force there now;
and the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Corwijj]
showed you, yesterday, that it is not likely they
will be repealed. This House, to be sure, has
disapproved of them; but it is not likely that, lor
years, the Senate of the United States will be so
constituted that they can be repealed.
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Corwin] said
yesterday—and I thank him for his candor, and
commend what he said to the members on this
side of the House—that New Mexico was more
likely to come in as a slave State, if admitted now,
than if her admission was delayed foi a few years.
I commend that to members upon this side of the
House, If they want to admit a slave State, let
thorn do it now; because, if they delay a few years,
New Mexico will come in as a free State, says
the gentleman from Ohio. But, sir, if 1 knew
that New Mexico would come with a free-State
constitution, I should be no less opposed to her
admission than I am now. I believe thatit would
be unjust to the people of the old Slates to admit
New'Mexico now as a Suite. And, sir, I am
not prepared to say that it would he entirely just
to the people of the South to admit her now as a
free State, even if I thought she would come in as a
free State. I think they might then say, with per-
fect propriety, that it was our design to hem them
in, and crush them out; to draw a cordon of fiee
States around them; and, in the language which
the gentleman from New Yoik [Mr. J oiin Coch-
rane] made use of when lie stood on the Bufhilo
platform, "surround them with an atmosphere of
freedom,and compel them to breathe it or die."
Sir, New Mexico has not the population that
would entitle her to come in as a State. She ha*
not the ability to maintain a State government.
I have said in the minority report that she has
but seventy-five thousand inhabitants. I wish to
correct that statement. The majority report gives
her population at one hundred and live thousand.
At the time 1 got that information at the census
bureau, they showed me a table giving the num-
ber of the population at seventy-five thousand;
but I was told there to-day that, fiom further
returns and estimates, they made it ninety-two
thousand. From the best evidence we have, it
appears that there arc but a very small number
of that population who are not natives of New
Mexico—persons speaking the Spanish, and not
our language. The supposition is, as 1 gather
from gentlemen who have been in New Mexico,
that there are but seven hundied people in that
whole country—thirty times as large as Massa-
chusetts—who are not natives of it. I have here
a slip, which I cut from the New York Times
of the 18th instant, being from its New Mexico
correspondent. The letter is dated Tucson, New
Mexico, January 1, 1861, and the writer says:
"Tf the census-takers report conectly, their statistics
will disclose bome important facts wlucii will open the eyes
of our grave and bapient Legislators. I do not l>ulieve tln-y
will report more than one thousand, native bom and nat-
uralized, u7u*c citizens in all New Mexico and Arizona."
Mr. OTERO. Where does the gentleman get
that from ?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. From a
letter which I find in the New York Times of the
18th instant, dated Tucson, Januaiy 1, J8G1.
Mr. OTERO. Well, that statement is not cor-
rect.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I give the
gentleman my authority for what I say. At all
events, I say this; I have examined the rolls in
the Census Bureau, and I find that there are few
persons entered on those rolls who are not natives
of New Mexico. j
Mr. OTERO. I desire to refer the gentleman !
from Wisconsin to a report m a work written !
nearly thirty years ago, when the Territory of]
New Mexico was under the control of Mexico. J
it gives the statistics of the white population who |
were entitled to vote,and who are now,under the .
Constitution, free white citizens of the United
States.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. What was
their number r
Mr. OTERO. Sixty thousand.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. Then, ac-
cording to the statement of the Delegate, there
was a larger white population in New Mexico
thirty years ago than there is to-day. But I ap-
prehend there may be some misunderstanding as
to what the word white means, as applied to the
people of that Territory. The population has
fallen off; and, from the best information I have
been able to get, I find that the population of that
Territory has not increased within the last ten
years, notwithstanding that the Territory has
been puffed into notice most assiduously. There
is nothing in the country to invite emigration
You may create a State there, if you please; but
there is nothing there to sustain it. The people
of New Mexico cannot sustain a State govern-
ment. They have not the power or the wealth to
do so. The chairman of the committee of thirty-
three, indeed, indicated that we might give them
some help, as we have done in other eases. 1 do
not know of any instance where assistance has
been given to a people of a Territory to enable
them to sustain a State government. It is true
that land grants have been made to different States
to enable them to develop their resources; but I
take it that if you were to make New Mexico a
grant of all the public lands within her limits, she
would be still quite as unable to support a State
government as she is now. Poor as she is, she
is not so poor as to own the lands of that Terri-
tory, some descriptions of which you will find in
my report. From the best information I have, I
believe that her people do not desire a State gov-
ernment; and yet it is by no means certain that
if you pass an enabling act, she will not apply
for admission. I believe they will apply imme-
diately, and come into the Union as a State. I
believe there are ambitious men enough there to
control the people on that point. My friend from
New Mexico shakes his head negatively. I ex-
pect, if she be admitted as a State, that he will
come here next December as Senator from New
Mexico. I believe lie is sound on the slavery
question; for, if I mistake not, he had something
to do with getting up the existing slave code in
that Territory; a code which the gentleman fiom
Ohio [Mr. Bingham] declared would mantle with
blushes the face of Caligula.
Mi. OTERO. I am sound on all questions that
are just,
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. The gen-
tleman says he ik sound on all questions that arc
just. If we are to judge of the ideas of justice or
'injustice held by the people of New Mexico by
that code of laws, I think thatfew would be found
who would say that they were a people capable
of sustaining a republican form of government.
But, sir, if admitted, they will send here pro-
slavery Senatoi s, and we may, perhaps, consider
ourselves fortunate if they send no worse men
than the present Delegate.
Mr. OTERO. T do not own a slave, and have
nothing to do with slavery.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I do not
mean to say it is a country that will sustain a
slave population; it is not. It is not a country
that will sustain either a free or a slave popula-
tion. But it will be a State that will give all Us
influence in favor of the institutions of^ slavery;
and that is what 1 mean m saying that it will be
a .slave State.
Air. Speaker, we are invited to adopt the piop-
osition of Mr. Crittenden, or of the border-State,
self-constituted committee—which I regard as vir-
tually the same thing, and equally objectionable.
We are invited to abandon the Republican plat-
form, to abandon all our principles, and take our
position on a platform which shall guaranty that we
will protect slavery in all the terntory south of the
line of 3G° 30'. I do not know that I fully under-
stand yourhorder-Stateproposition. I thinkitdoes
not apply to territory to be acquired in the future.
I care not. Adopt that proposition; and if you
acquire territory hereafter, H will be contended
and maintained,and truthfully, that the intention
was that all the country south of the Missouii line
should be given up to slavery. [A Voice on the
Democratic side. " Ceitainly."] We are ap-
proached very plausibly m thi-s regard. Gentle-
men say that, under the decision of the Supreme
Court of the United States, they have now the
right to go with their slaves into all the Territo-
ries of the United States, whether north or south
of the Missouri line. The Supreme Court has
decided that they have that right. But they say
that we of the Republican party dispute that right;
and that, therefore, they want it put in the Con-
stitution. They say that,although it is their right
to go with their slaves into the territory north of
the Missouri line, yet they are willing to be mag-
nanimous, and to give up to freedom the country
north of that line. We do not thank them for
their liberality. We have vindicated our right to
the country north of the Missouri line; so that,
in conceding that to us, they really concede us
nothing. I will say to these gentlemen, " Timeo
Danaosct dona ferentes." I fear you when bearing
gifts.
I have, then, sir, I think, examined all the pro-
jects and propositions of the majority of the com-
mittee that propose definite action, and I believe'
they are powerless for good Southern gentlemen
say they are all powerless except one, and that
is the proposition to amend the Constitution.
That proposition, as 1 have endeavored to show,
is unnecessary, as the Constitution cannot be
changed in that particular until we have at least
sixty States admitted into the Union. I see, there-
fore, no reason for it, nor can I give my sanction
to turning the North upside down in discussing
this amendment of the Constitution.
Sir, nothing will do any good that docs not al-
low these gentlemen of the South to control the
Government. You can make up your minds to
that point. If you are willing to concede that,
you will have peace at once, and South Carolina,
which has gone out of the Union never to return,
will come right straight back again. It is not
claimed by these southern States—by these cot-
ton States—that they are compelled to contribute
an undue proportion for the support of the Gcn-
ciai Government. The truth is, they have been
so long in the habit of believing that " cotton is
king " that they have come to entertain the idea
that the world could not get along without them;
that they control the destinies of the world.
.Mr. Speaker, we may as well dispel that de-
lusion first as last. If cotton has been king, it is
king no longer. Great Britain is not willing that
her destinies shall depend upon the uncertain
supply of cotton that depends on the culture of
slaves. She has been exploring the cotton fields
of the world, in which she may raise her own
supply, and in that enterprise this very move-
ment at the South is going to set her ahead fifty
years in the matter of the production of her own
cotton. Her attempts at opening new cotton fields
in thw last few years have been eminently suc-
cessful. She is now receiving nearly one million
bales annually from India, though the develop-
ment of that country for the growth of cotton
has just commenced. With a view of bringing
the cotton regions of India into conncction with
the ports of the sea, she has largely lentheraid to
railroad companies, which are penetrating the in-
terior, and within a few months some eleven hun-
dred miles of rad way will be opened to the best cot-
ton growing regions of that country. But Great
Britain docs not confine herself to India and the
United States. Dr. Livingston, under the patron-
age of the British Government, with his steam-
launch, is now exploring Africa, and reports the
finest cotton growing fields^n the world, where
that staple of the finest quality can be grown for
one or two pence per pound. Yes,gentlemen of
the South, you will one day wake up and find
that, instead of Great Britain being dependent
upon you for cotton, the dependence will be alto-
gether in another direction. Besides, the inge-
nuity of the North is at work, and you will find
that there are textiles in that region which will
be made to answer the purpose of a substitute
for cotton, and you will find that the North is
not so dependent upon you as you suppose.
Now, sir, if i had time, I would go somewhat
in to the matterof statistics, showing that the South,
so far from having been oppressed, has received
nothing but blessings and benefits from her con-
nection with the Union. I could show that she
has not contributed her just proportion towards
the maintenance of this Government. I have de-
tails before me showing beyond a doubt that, in
that respect, she is far in arreais. Take, for m-
