1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
pen next year; but if we should lose all the rev-
enues we have-been in the habit of getting in the
seceded States, we should not lose §3,000,000 a
year.
Mr. CLINGrMAN. The honorable Senator
and i, i think, will not misunderstand each other
about this fact. Those States may not import
directly enough to pay more than §3,000,000 a
year; but does he not know that the importations
are made through New York? Does not the hon-
orable Senator know that those States actually
exported about two hundred million dollars' worth
of cotton from their limits. That is, the cotton
which went north and'to Europe from those States
is worth $200,000,000, to say nothing of rice and
other things; and therefore, unless they gave them
away, they must have imported in some mode a
very large amount; and if it came through New
York or Philadelphia, it would necessarily pay
duties as well as at New Qi leans.
Mr. SIMMONS. I expect this cotton will con-
tinue to go forward as long as it is raised. If it does
not go out at the mouth of the Mississippi and the
Savannah and other southern rivers, or through the
Gulf ports, it will come overland, to go out at the
Atlantic ports, as it is now doing, and it will be
the cheapest way to send it to Europe; it is the
cheapest way to-day. If the cotton-growers would,
look in this direction instead of the southern ports,
they can get thetr cotton to Liverpool cheaper
over the country and out of the Atlantic ports
than they can in any other way; but the course
of trade has gone otherwise from habit, and be-
fore the railroad connections were opened up, and
it would continue to go that way if there was no
inteiruption; but as to there beingany serious in-
terruption to trade by the secession of those Suites,
I have never dreamed there would be. 1 never
dreamed it would make any sensible difference.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Then is the honorable Sen-
ator willing just to let them go in peace, as they
say ?
Mr. SIMMONS. I have not said anything
about what I was willing to do. They have gone,
it seems, without asking whether I was willing or
not, [laughter,] and I am not disposed to disturb
them in it. I think they will be sick enough of
it within a year.
Mr. CLINGrMAN. Let that be tested, and I
am content.
Mr. SIMMONS. It will test itself. The Sen-
ator need not concern himself about it; and I shall
not trouble myself, certainly. [Laughter.] It
will settle its own condition before two years arc
over. I merely wish to call the attention of the
Senator from Illinois to his notion of undervalu-
ing the resources of the country, that it is not in
the power of the country to collect $100,000,000
of levenue in a year. I undertake to say, with-
out anybody knowing we had altered the tariff,
so far as consumption is concerned, we can col-
lect more than one hundred million any year we
desne, and it will make no sensible difference to
the consumption of the country. We are not
seeking to get the most revenue we can. We have
a free list now, on whieh we import seventy or
eighty million annually, over eighty million last
year. Cannot we resort to that list for $30,000,000
of revenue, any time when we have occasion for it?
Mr. CLINGMAN. Would the honorable Sen-
ator's constituents be willing that their chemicals,
dye stuffs, and free wool, and all that, should pay
u. thirty per cent, tax ?
Mr. SIMMONS. Suppose they were not will-
ing, and we wanted the money: we should not
inquire whether they were wiilmgornot. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. CLINGMAN. Will it seriously hurt them
if we impose it? If not. why has the imposition
been resisted heretofore?
Mr. SIMMONS. Who ever resisted it?
Mr. CLINGMAN. The Senator,strenuously.
He and his friends have labored again and again
to get that free list for the benefit of manufac-
turers off all tariffs.
Mr. SIMMONS. When you get through, I
will go on. I tried to impose a duty on tea and
cojfee this year, and pretty much all the members
on this side voted for it, and u was strenuously
resisted on the other. I thought they were a
legitimate source of income. I have imported
if a w hen there was more than fifty per cent, duty;
and you might put fifty per cent, on tea and coifee
to morrow, and there would be just as many
pounds imported as there are now. If you wanted
the money, I would agree to put it on. Hut I
have no idea that there is going to be any such
extravagant expenditures as people on the other
side talk about. I have no idea there will beany
difficulty in collecting means to pay all the ex-
penses of Governmentafter the credit of the coun-
try comes to be restored; and that will be restored
in spite of all the noisy men and politicians at the
South. They will keep this noise and strife up
as long as they can keep their conventions to-
gether and quarter their disappointed politicians
on the industry of their country. They will quar-
ter them there; but they will not disturb the gen-
eral business of the country six months. It will
settle, in spite of them, into its natural channels.
That is all I intend to say about it. 1 say I
see no legitimate purpose in this resolution, and
I need take no more time in explaining why I
want these words stricken out in reference to this
call for the purposes of the War Department. I
do not suppose the War Department will determ-
ine what shall be the action of the Administration
in reference to these forts or harbors. Nor do I
believe it is necessary to find out how many men
it would take to reduce any State or any number
of States to submission. I do not believe that
experiment will ever be tried, or that we shall
ever have any occasion to try it. I believe that
there is now rising, and soon will be, a party there,
that will be in the majority, and will elect Sena-
tors and Representatives to Congress; and the
first thing these States will know they will be in
the Union and participating in all the advantages
of it, just as they were six months ago, through
the agency of their own people, legitimately and
properly exercised; and I shall be very glad to
sec it brought about. I shall welcome them back.
But, with reference to the proposition I have
made, I desire the Committee on the Judiciary to
make inquiries as to these Legislatures tamppiing
with the oaths that tin Constitution requires them
to take. I was told by a Senator who is no longer a
member of this body, (having seceded,) more than
two years ago, that he advised the Legislature of
his State to so modify the laws that their mem-
bers should not be obliged to take an oath to sup-
port the Constitution of the United States; and I
believe that some that are now within the Union
have made just such laws tampering with the ob-
ligations of their members. I have been told so.
1 do not know it officially; and theiefore I want
the committee to inquire into it; and, if that be
the case, it will be ptoper for that committee, or
some other, to institute an inquiry whether the
Senators hold their seats by a legitimate and proper :
election. _ I think the provisions of the Constitu-
tion relating to the organisation of this body were
properly made when the Constitution wasfiawd.
Mr. CLINGMAN. The honorable Senator
says that a Senator informed him of these things.
Will he let us know to what Senator he alludes,
or to what State 5
Mr. SIMMONS. No, sir; I never tell who
have private conversations with me; but the fact
is so.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Cannot the Senator refer
even to the State ?
Mr. SIMMONS. No, sir; I think you would
pick him out if I did that. [Laughter.]
The provision in reference to the constitution
of the Senate In the Constitution is in these words:
"The Senate of the United States «ha!l be composed of
two ^enato ^ irom each S^ate, ohot-cn by the Le^i-iature
theioof lor bix years; and each Senatoi hhali have one
vote."
To constitute a Senate we must have a State
Legislature; and the provision in reference to the
State Legislature is this:
'•The Senators and Representatives before mentioned,
and the memhei.s ot the seveial tftate Legi&latutcjs, and all
executive and judicial officers, both ot" the Umrod Stares
and oi the .several States, ^liall be bound by oath or aflhni-
ation to support this Constitution.>>
Now, 1 say that a Legislature, the members of
which are not bound by oath to support the Con-
stitution of the United States, are not qualified to
elect a Senator, no matter what State he comes
*fiom. A fuxther provision is:
u if vacanci'."? happen by resignation or otherwise, during
' th<-> leee- ; ot' the Leiu.-lai'iie (>Y any tho Eveeutm-
I rhcieot may make tempoiarv aimnmtmerit* until tlie next
i ineetiii<;ol the Legislature, wineiUiiall thenliilsueh vacan-
I ciea."
| I want an inquiry to know how many vacant
seats there are here that may "filled by the^Bht-
ecutive of any of the States, forli'^ cari' fill"
offices without being under- oath to support" Che
Constitution of the United States. The^ef.i^no
constitutional provision requiring him tbiaKe-ahy
oath except the general one; anaweeannot'kfr^
whether he has taken that or not; and wecaniibt
conveniently make the inquiry, if he appoints fche
Senator, whether he was under oath to support
the Constitution when he made the appointment.,
or not. * 1
The provisions made by the fathers of this
Republic, that Senators should sit here under
obligations, and that the members that elected
them should be under an obligation to' support
the Constitution, were for wise and salutary pur-
poses. They believed it was proper that every
man who exercised the office of Senator should do
so with the " awful religion of an oath99 upon, his
conscience; and that every man who occupied a
seat in the State Legislature should'be under the
same obligation. I believe that is sound, whole-
some doctrine. I belie\Teit is a doctrine that will"
bind the consciences of men to-day all over the
seceding States. They have not relieved them-
selves from their conscientious obligations 'afiy
more than people in other sections of the country;
and I have never yet seen a man, or read of a
man, or heard of a man, that was so mean or cow-
ardly that he was ashamed to say that he was
afraid to offend his Maker—never. Nor do I be-
lieve there is one. All men are afraid to do that;
and when they are under this obligation, they
cannot go for secession and disunion without of-
fending their Maker. They may be maddened
by ambition; they may be excited by prejudice,
and temporarily relieve thenTselves from their
conscientious duty; but a return of reason will
certainly come, and these men's consciences will
act. With the same undoubting faith that I would
commit myself to the care of the navigator, who
crosscs the trackless ocean, in firm dependence
upon the needle, do I put my trust in the return-
ing conscientious convictions of the people of
the South. I have faith in the honest conscience
which man is blessed with. It is instinct with
life, tremulous with solicitude, and as unerring as
the needle, and will as certainly show the right
as the needle indicates the true polarity; and they
will listen to its teachings. Require them to take
the obligation; and when it is done you will have
a return of fraternal feeling and peace, for its op-
eration will be felt by men of sense and men of
honor; and such they are. I desire this inquiry
to be made, that the people of all the States may
know that the Senate intends to preserve its purity
and integrity. You will then hear less about se-
cession and disunion, and ifs and ands about the
condition on which men and States will continue
to remain with us.
I am willing to go as fur as any man in com-
posing these troubles, and in preventing any ap-
prehension of injustice or injuiy from the powers
that be. I should have voted, if I had been here,
for the proposition to amend the Constitution, in
order to quiet apprehension of interference with
the institutions of their States; and I believe that
is all they require. I believe all that sensible men
anywhere require is, to be protected in their ex-
isting rights; and I have no more idea that this
Administration contemplates any invasion of them
than I have that I do—not the slightest; and I
believe it is getting to be very well understood at
the South that they will not; and hence it is that
these new issues are attempted to be got up here,
and new threats and new positions taken that we
must do this, that, and the other. I should like
to inquire of any Senator if anything has been
said or done to deprive them of any right either
in the States or Territories ? They can go any-
where they please with their peculiar institution,
so far as any law of this Government prevents or
is intended to prevent them, and nobody has sug-
gested any alteration of those laws. It will be
quite time enough for them to take up arms when
there is an attempt to invade their rights; but they
seem to be in a wonderful hurry to settle every-
thing before it happens. [Laughter.] Difficul-
ties, they say, are apprehended. None can pos-
sibly take place this year until Congress sits, and
( if they would be quiet, theie certainly could be no
| occasion for any extra session of Congress.
A great deal is said about " coercion;" and it
1 has got so now that if you attempt to collect the
