1476
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 19,
legitimate revenues of the Government it is said
that is cause of war; it is war, outright and down-
right war! Ail the States that remain in the Union
p-iy the duties. They do not call that cause of
war. The Senator from Virginia very often gets
up here, and says that six or seven States are out;
that there is not a Federal officer in those States.
I do not know what Vie means by a Federal offi-
cer. We collect postage in all the towns in all
those States, and we collect it through our officers.
What is the reason they are not Federal officers?
is it because they do not take postage enough to
pay the expenses, that they are not Federal offi-
cers? [Laughter.] I do notsee any other reason.
You will have just as many Federal officers in
those States as it is to the profit of those States
to keep there; but if there are offices that collect
more than the expenses of collection, they will
resist! That is the doctrine down south. "We
will pay everything when it costs you three dol-
lars to get one; but if there is any place whore
you get three dollars for one, we will resist."
That is the whole sys*em.
Mr. MASON. The Senator referred to me, 1
suppose.
Air. SIMMONS. Certainly I did. I have not
hoard anybody else say that.
Mr. MASON. 1 take it for granted that the
Senator understood what I meant by a Fedeial
officer—one holding an office under the laws of
the United States. Now, that Senator may be,
and possibly is, in such immediate intercourse
with the seceded States as to be better informed
than i am about the condition of the postal sys-
tem there. 1 do not profess to be informed; but
1 learn from general history, that I doubt not,
the State which the Senatot represents, certainly
a great many of the remaining United States, are
as deeply interested in the correspondence with
citizens of the confederate States as the citizens
of those States are in the correspondence with
the United States; and thus it has resulted, with-
out a compact, without any special covenant or
agreement, but by a tacit understanding and for-
bearance, that the confederate States have per-
mitted the postal system to remain, by their tol-
eration, for mutual convenience. 1 understand
that to be the case; and I would add that, except
deputy postmasters, so far as I know or believe,
there is not a man in one of the confederate S'ates
holding any office under the United States of any
kind.
Mr. SIMMONS. I should not have disputed
the Senator if he had made that exemption in the
first place. lie says that these officers are per-
mitted to remain; bur they are none the less Fed-
eral officers, are they? 1 have no knowledge of
the position or status of the officers m those States,
cxcept what the Senate has access to. I saw a
correspondence between Mr. llolt, the former
PostmasterGeneral, and the Charleston postmas-
ter, and lonlysuw the newspaper account of that.
He wrote to know ifthe postmasterat Charleston
was collecting the postage as an officer of the Uni-
ted States or as one of the State ofSouth Carolina;
and the newspapers said that, after the letter was
received, the postmaster went into the conven-
tion, having before a wo rh to support the State of
South Caiolnui, and got absolved Jiom thai ob-
ligation, and came out and wiote to the Postmas-
tei Gremou! that he was a United Suites officer and
was collecting the rev-rime {'or the benefit of the
United States. That is what I saw in the news-
papers; and 1 suppose that tf the collector had
not collected more than his fees, he would have
gone m and been absolved, too, and continued
to collect the revenue ihesameas the postmaster
did the postage. But the service is for the con-
venience of ail sections, the Senator says. I agree
to that. It is just as much advantage to me to
send a letter to New Orleans and pay the postage
of it here, as it is for a New Oi jeans man to wi ite
an answer back and pay the postage there. It is
a mutual advantage. But it is pretty well known
in the South that the postage collected there docs
not pay more than about one third of the cost of
the service; and that accounts for the "permis-
sion" for it to remain, it is u permitted," the
S. naror says. That is the reason 1 give for it;
perhaps hj tan give a better one. ;
_ Antic is a oicvit deal said about the immense j'
tinp'Vhn;; uosmeys ihut will be cat i led on tin o ugh ;!
Ue acted,ng ports under low tar.lrs. 1 dare say p
taere would he n great deal of trading if there was j|
no revenue system and no means of protecting
the revenue of the rest of the States. The^ would
like to import all the goods that were consumed
in the States which remain loyal to the Union, I
have no doubt. But suppose the United States
have the power, and should have the disposition,
to protect their revenue: they will not permit
goods to be imported or smuggled through any
of those States into the rest of the States without
paying duties. They will probably take the most
expeditious and cheapest mode of performing that
service, whether it may be to put revenue stations
along the borders, or to watch the ports. That
is a matter about which I shall not trouble my
head. I suppose those having charge of it will
determine it. I have no doubt that we shall con-
tinue to collect the revenue as we have done, or
that the ports will cease to have the business—
one or the other; and it is perfectly indifferent to
me which. I know part of this scheme has been
to make Charleston the great commercial empo-
rium of the South. I think the fate of Charleston
Will be written in other language than that if they
continue long in this position. But 1 do not de-
sire to see it. 1 should rathei they would perform
their duties to the Union, and take their fairshaie
of the benefits and profits of the Union, and the
trade of the country, but whether they do or not,
in my deliberate judgment, will not alter the
course or the policy of the Government of the
United States. Let them pursue the even tenor
of their way, and administer the laws for the
benefit of the whole country, and sec that they
are faithfully executed. That is their duty.
I have no sort of doubt that the President of the
United States,recentlyelected, has as kind regard
and as pacific intentions towards those States as
any President we ever had. I have not the slight-
est doubt of it; and I believe those States are per-
fectly satisfied of it, and but for the agitation here
and elsewhere, they would go about their ordi-
nary avocations with as much confidence and re-
pose as they ever did in any year of their lives.
But they may keep up an agitation all summer,
for aught i know; but the more they agitate, the
less cotton you will raise. That is just what it
will be—the less they will have to sell in the fall,
if they disturb anybody but the politicians. It
will not make any difference what they are about,
as to the crops. You may as well keep them agi-
tating as anything else. They never produced a
dollar's worth of anything in their lives, and they
never will. [Laughter.] But if you distuib the
people, you will lessen the crops.
Many people think that this is a sort of crisis
in the affans of this country; that it is about to
tumble to pieces; the sun is going to set, they
say, on this Republic very shortly. T do not
know much about history; but I believe the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire [Mr. Hale] said that
Rome continued a Republic for about seven hun-
dred yoais We have been one about seventy;
-so if you measure the centuries by the hours of
the day, 1 suppose the sun is not quite an hour
high with us, and I never yet knew it to go down
before breakfast time m my life. That is not the
nature of things. 1 take great satisfaction m look-
ing at a sum tse, and I think I have seen about as
many of them as any man that is not older th in
I am. Thei e ui no spectacle that I ever witnessed
that surpassed in gianueur the march of my own
country to greatness, but a sunriue. It comes
with no headlong speed, muttering and thunder-
ing secession and destruction as if duven by a
crazy-headed Phseton. That is not the way the
sun rises. It is not the way it is marching now,
and it is not the way this country is marching.
But it comes after " the saffron-colored morning
has spread over the earth," with a healthful and
steady pace, beaming a mild and genial luster,
like the Son of Righteousness, with healing on
IIis wing?; and any man who may behold it, if
he has laith in Heaven and m his ftllow-country-
men,can see the incense rising from a million
altars bearing upward the aroma of this reverent
but fervid supplication, "keep Thou united this
i land of the free and home of the brave.' " They
go up every morning; and if we keep the Senate
right, they may join in such prayers, and the*
country be safe; and it is with this view 1 offer
this amendmenf in the resolution.
Air. CL1NGMAN. Mr. President, I admire
the closing rhetoric of the Senator from Rhode
Island; but I want to call his attention to one oi
two questions which I put to him, and which he
does not apprehend, but which I think are prac-
tical. The Senator attaches very little weight to
the imports thatgo into the seven States that have
seceded. He thinks it a matter of very little mo-
ment whether those States remain out or in. I
endeavored to show him his error; but perhaps
too hurriedly for him to apprehend my meaning;
and I beg leave to recapitulate, for I think if there
is a practical mind on the floor of the Senate, the
Senator's is one, and I want to see how he will
get this Government out of the difficulty. I say
to him, that I am as yet a representative of the
Government of the United States, and shall faith-
fully represent what 1 believe to be its interests,
while 1 stand here. But let us see how this will
affect the revenue. There were made last year
about four million six hundred thousand bales of
cotton. About two hundred thousand bales of
it were made in North Carolina, and I suppose
about as much in Tennessee, and about the same
amount in Arkansas. There were very nearly
four million bales of cotton made in the seven
States thathaveseceded, worth fully $200,000,000.
Very little of it was consumed in those States—
not more, perhaps, than three or four millions'
worth—and the rice crop exported exceeded that,
and Louisiana made, 1 believe, about twenty mil-
lions' worth of sugar. I do not know what the
amount of the sugar crop was last year; it has
fluctuated; but it must have been at least that; it
has been sometimes more. I think it fair, there-
fore, to assume that those seven States sent out
of their limits from two hundred to two hundred
and twenty million dollars' worth of produce.
They get back a return in some way. It is
not to be supposed it was given away. My
friend from Texas suggests to me thai they got it
in wood-screws. [Laughter.] No doubt they
did get some of them; and they may have been
gotten up in the State of Rhode Island, for aught
I know. That, however, is not a very material
point. I was about to say that they must have
got back $220,000,000 worth of products in some
form. A portion of the money—not very much
—went for horses and mules; and grain and other
agricultural products, butmuch the larger amount
of it went for articles that were dutiable. All of
them were not actually imported, as many of them
came from New England and elsewhere; but they
were dutiable articles, and, but for the duties,
would have been furnished at a lower rate from
abroad. I take it, therefore, that off the dutiable
articles there must be twenty or thirty million—
certainly twenty million—of revenue that would,
in the ordinary course, be collected off those States
with the tariff which we had last year.
Now, it is idle for the honorable Senator to tell
me that the importations at Charleston and Savan-
nah were small. I know that the merchants have
gone from those cities to New Yoik,and bought
goods there; that goods are imported into New
York, are bought there, and then are sent down
and deposited at Chai leston, New Orleans, and
other places. But, in point of fact, here is an
enormously large consumption of dutiable arti-
cles, from one hundred to one hundred and fifty
million. These people make their own provis-
ions mainly, and cotton to sell, and do very little
in the way of manufactures. Their manufactured
goods come from the United States, or from for-
eign countries. I put the question to the honor-
able Senator, how much duty does he think tins
Government is going to lose by the secession of
those States, supposing, of course, that tiny do
not pay us any duties; for if New England goods
are to pay the same duty with those of Old Eng-
land, and Belgium, and France, we all know that
the Now England goods will be excluded,unless
they make up their minds to sell much cheaper
than they have been heretofore doing? 1 was
curious, the year before last, in going through
Europe, to ascertain, as well as I could, the value
of labor and the prices of articles, and I was aston-
ished at the rate at which goods may be purchased
all over the continent, compared with similar arti-
cles here. The reason they are not furnished as
cheap here, is partly due to the circuitous trade.
For example: houses in England purchase up
articles 1:1 Belgium, France, Germany, and even
m Italy, and make a handsome profit; they then
send tliem to New "York, and handsome prohts
are made there by the wholesale dealers; and,
finally, they get down south, and in this way they
