518
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 23,
is disposed to put in an amendment to limit the
amount to what is neccssary,! have no objection
to it at all.
Mr. GRIMES. Why say that one half the
value of this land shall be expended in the erec-
tion of a building, when we do not know what
the value of the land is? If it is nccessary for
us to have an arsenal or new buildings erected at
the Jefferson barracks, let us appropriate the ne-
cessary amount to do it. But this land, if I know
anything about its value, if I have a proper ap-
preciation of it, is worth three times as much as
the amount that ought to be expended in the con-
struction of buildings at Jefferson barracks.
Mr. POLK. The Senator is mistaken in sup-
posing that it requires the expenditure of one
half of the value. That is not the provision of
the bill.
Mr. GRIMES. One half the proceeds.
Mr. POLK. It requires the sale of the west-
ern half first. The western half is that part of
Jhc tract on which there arc no improvements.
The improved portion, and most valuable portion,
is on the eastern half, that lies next the river.
The proceeds of that are not to be applied to
"building an arsenal at Jefferson barracks. The
Senator, therefore, is under a mistake in that re-
spect; but the object of the bill is, as I under-
stand from the Committee on Military Affairs, to
appropriate these proceeds to the building of an
arsenal, so that there shall be a place to which
the munitions and the materials and the ma-
chinery that are now used at the St. Louis arse-
nal, can be taken, and that they shall not be
moved until there is a place to take them to. If
the Senator, however, wishes to limit the amount,
an amendment to that effect will meet with no
opposition, I suppose, on the part of any mem-
ber of the committee; certainly it will not on my
part.
Mr. GRIMES. We do not know how much
this western half, this unoccupied half of the hind,
may bring. It may bring $50,000; it may bring
$400,000. In this first section it is proposed that
the whole of the value of that land, no matter how
much it may bring, shall be expended in the erec-
tion of buildings at Jefferson barracks.
Mr. DOUGLAS. 1 will make a suggestion
which I hope may obviate the difficulties on this
point. My suggestion is to strike out all about
one half of the proceeds, and say that the sum of
$50,000, from the first proceeds, be appropriated
for the construction of an arsenal at Jefferson
barracks.
Mr. GRIMES. Thot will he all right,
Mr. DOUGLAS. I understand that will be
acceptable to the Senators from Missouri.
Mr. GREEN. Yes, sir.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Bright
in the chair.) The question is on agreeing to the
amendment of the committee.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was in
section two, after the word authorized," to in-
sert, 44 as soon as the buildings above provided
for shall be in readiness for that purpose;" and,
after the word "machinery," to insert "arms;"
so as to make the second section read:
Srcc.y. Beit farther enacted by the authority aforesaid,
Thai tin; SecK'iai> of Wat be, and heioby i-, .unhoused,
•as soon :v; the buiidings above piovided I or.shall be in read-
iness lor thai purpose, to cause the business heretofore car-
ried on at Mild St. Louisari-enaljto bo tninst'eired to the mili-
tary reservation known as Jefferson bumieUs, in the county
ot St. Loin-*, and State of Mi-ismm, and also to cause ail
the tools, implements, machinery, aim*, and materials now
at said aisenal, to bo removed to h«ud lesciv.uion.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was to
ins( it as a new section:
Rkc.*1ndlc it further enadedy That us ?=oon as pos-
sible atter the removal ot the atsrna! from St. Louis to Jef-
ferson barracks, tin- Sceietary of War shall soil, m Hie
manner directed in the mst section ot tins act, all the res-
idue ot the jriounds attached to the *aul St. Louis arsenal,
and the !)uiMuie> thewupon; the ptooeed* ot such sale
shall he paid into the United States Trcasuiy.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate asamended,
and the amendments were concurred in and or-
dered to be engrossed, and the bi>l to be read a
third time. It was read the third time, and passed.
daxzi:l uavis.
Mr. KING. I move to take up House bill No.
507.
Mr. HALE. What is it?
Mr. RUNG. It is a bill to grant a land war-
rant.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill (H. R. No. 507) authorizing the Secretary
of the Interior to issue a land warrant to Daniel
Davis. It proposes to direct the Secretary of the
Interior to issue a land warrant for one hundred
and sixty acres to Daniel Davis, for his services
as a teamster in Wayne's war in 1795.
Mr. HALE. Is there a report on that case?
It seems to be rather an old affair—sixty-six years
old.
Mr. KING. I ask that the report be read.
The Secictary read a report made in the House
of Representatives by Mr. Washburn, of Wis-
consin, from the Committee on Private Land
Claims, from which it appeared that Daniel Davis
was a teamster in Captain Farrow's company of
teamsters, under the command of Quartermaster
John Matthews. He entered the service of the
quartermaster on or about the 20th day of May,
1795, for the term of three months, and continued
in the service for that period of time, when he
was honorable discharged by the quartermaster
at Greenville. While in the service he was en-
gaged in hauling supplies from Fort Hamilton to
Fort Greenville, which was then the headquarters
of General Wayne. The discharge of Daniel
Davis is lost; but Sylvanus Olney and Lucena
Mann testify under oath that they knew Davis at
the time he was in the service. They had very
often seen him performing duty as a soldier and
teamster. The witnesses are certified to be cred-
ible persons. The records containing the names
of those who performed service during Wayne's
war arc notoriously imperfect. But the commit-
tee believe that the evidence accompanying the
memorial is amply sufficient to justify them in
reporting a bill granting one hundred and sixty
acres of land.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
a third reading, read the third time, and passed.
MESSAGE FROM TIIK HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Founisy, its Clerk, announced that the
House had passed a joint resolution (No. 48) in
relation to mail service m Washington Territory;
in which the concurrence of the Senate was re-
quested.
PRINTING OF DOCUMENTS.
The message further announced that the House
ordered, on the 22d instant, the printing of the
following documents:
A letter from the Treasury Department, trans-
mitting a statement of the contingent fund of the
Treasury for the year ending June 30, 1860—
ordered at twelve o'clock and twelve minutes.
A letter from the Treasury Department trans-
mitting a list of the balances remaining unsettled
lbrpeiiodsof one and three years upon the books
of the Treasury—ordered at twelve o'clock and
fouiteen minutes.
A letter from the Interior Department, inclosing
an estimate of $72,300, submitted by Sylvester
Mowry, commissioner of the United States upon
the California boundary survey, forthe service of
that work for the year ending June 30, 1862, and
recommending the appropriation of that amount
of money—ordered at twelve o'clock and fifteen
minutes.
A message from the President of the Ufiited
States, transmitting reports from the Chinqui
commissioners—ordered at four o'clock and six
minutes.
Joint resolutions of the Legislature of Dela-
ware, approving the Crittenden resolutions—
ordered at twelve o'clock and thirty minutes.
BILLS J3ECOM15 LAWS.
A message fiom the President of the United
States, by Mr. Glossbuknnek, his Secretary,
announced that the President had approved and
signed, this day, the following acts and joint reso-
lution:
An act (S. No. 376) for the relief of Benjamin
Alvord, paymaster United States Army,
An act (S. No. 398) for the relief of Samuel R.
Franklin; and
A joint resolution (S. No. 15) for the relief of
Lieutenant John C. Carter.
PRIVATE BILL PAY.
Mr. BRAGG. I have been requested by a
number of Senators to move that a day be set
aside, according to the usage of the Senate here-
tofore, for the purpose of taking up private bills.
In accordance with the suggestion made to me, I
move that next Friday, after one o'clock, be set
aside for that purpose.
The motion was agreed to.
CHARLES M'CORMICK.
Mr. LANE. I have been directed by the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and Militia, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 38) for the relief of
Charles McCormtck, assistant surgeon in the
United States Army, to report it back without
amendment, and request that it be put on its pas-
sage now.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
hears no objection to the consideration of the bill.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill, which proposes to
direct the Secretary of War to allow and pay to
Charles McCormick, assistant suigeon in the
United States Army, an allowance of $2,500, to
be in full compensation for all extra services ren-
dered, expenses incurred, and losses sustained by
him in consequence of being called on to execute
the law of March 2, 1847, and for the perform-
ance of extra duty at New Orleans, Louisiana, in
the years 1847, 1848, and 1849.
Mr. COLLAMER. Is there a report in that
case ? If there is, let it be read.
Mr. LANE. There is a report.
The Secretary read the report of the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs and Militia.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Bright
in the chair.) The hour for the special order has
arrived, and it must be taken up, unless the Sen-
ate direet otherwise.
Mr. LANE. I will not ask that the special
order be suspended at all; but this bill may lie
over.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There are two
special orders. The first is Senate bill No. 230—
a bill declaratory of the acts for carrying into
effect the ninth article of the treaty between the
United States and Spam.
Mr. CAMERON. I thought the first order for
to-day was House hill No. 338.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The second
special order appointed for to-day is House bill
No. 338, entitled *< An act to provide for the pay-
ment of outstanding Treasury notes, to authorize
a loan, to regulate and fix the duties on imports,
and for other purposes."
Mr. HUNTER. Are not the resolutions of
the Senator from Kentucky [Mr. Crittenden]
the unfinished business on which we adjourned
yesterday evening ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Bright.)
They are the unfinished business.
Mr. HUNTER. Then, of course, they come
up first.
Mr. POLK. I will state to the Chair that that
is not only so, but the Senator from Ohio [Mr.
Wade] was on the floor in the midst of a speech
at the moment the adjournment was moved.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair was
going on to remark that the unfinished business
of yesterday was the joint resolution of the Sen-
ator from Kentucky; and on that question the
Chair is advised that the Senator from Ohio is
entitled to the floor.
Mr. CAMERON. Will the President allow
me to ask, what is the state of the House bill to
which I have alluded; and if it be passed over
now, when will it come up?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. When taken
up, it will be before the Senate as in Committee
of the Whole, and open to amendment.
Mr. CAMERON. I propose to fix some day
for it.
Mr. SEWARD. Let the Senator from Ohio
go on now, and that can be fixed afterwards
Mr. CAMERON. Veiy well.
Mr. WADE. If the Senate is inclined to take
up the bill referred to by the Senator from Penn-
sylvania—which I deem one of the most import-
ant that is before us—I will yield the floor for
that purpose, trusting to luck to getit some other
time.
