1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
519
Mr. CAMERON. I am much obliged to the
Senator from Ohio, and would prefer that a great
deal.
Mr. CRITTENDEN*. I cannot consent to it.
Mr. CAMERON. I hope the Senator from
Kentucky will not objcct. His resolutions have
taken precedence of everything else; but this bill
is very important to the country just now.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish to say one word
on this subject. If 1 remember aright, the bill
about which the Senator from Pennsylvania
speaks came from the Committee on Finance,
with a recommendation that it be postponed until
the 4th of March next, and was laid upon the
table with the understanding that at some early
day, when the Senate was full, it should be taken
up and a day fixed for its consideration. Now,
I suppose the first vote to be taken must be taken
upon the question of postponement to the 4th of
March. J t is with reference to that that we want
a vote. Docs the Senator from Pennsylvania
want that vote to-day?
Mr. CAMERON. 1 do not think that is the
state of the question,
Mr. FESSENDEN. I want to know what
the situation of the bill is.
Mr. CAMERON. There was a report of the
Committee on Finance, as the Senator from Maine
states, on which there was no action; but during
the last week, I moved that this day should be set
aside for the consideration of this bill, and that it
should bo the first special order for this day, and
that was agreed to by a large vote of the Senate.
I take it, therefore, the bill is now before the
Senate.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I will suggest to the Senator
from Pennsylvania that his measure is not now
before the Senate. The first special order is the
resolutions of the Senator from Kentucky; the
next is on another subject. When the Senator
from Ohio gets through his remarks, if nobody else
follows him, it will be in order for the Senator to
make hi* motion; but while these resolutions are
ponding, it is certainly not in order, unless by the
unanimous consent of the Senate; and I see that
several gentlemen intend to insist on other bills,
particularly the Pacific railroad bill; they arc now
ready to object.
Mr. BIGLER. With the permission of my
colleague, I will suggest to lum, m oidorto get
out of this difficulty, to name a subsequent day,
say Friday or Saturday, for the consideration of
this question.
Mr. POLK. Friday is already given to private
bills.
Mr. BIGLER. Let us say to-morrow.
Mr. CAMERON. I do not see that I shall be
a bit better off by fixing it for to-morrow or any
other day, than I am now. The Senator from Ohio
has agreed to waive his right to the floor.
Mr. GRIMES. I move to postpone all other
special orders, in order to take up this bill.
Mr. CAMERON. Very well. If that is ne-
cessaiy to accomplish my objcct I will do so;
abhough I do not think it is.
Mr. GRIMES. That will accomplish it.
Mr. CAMERON. Then I move that nil other
orders be postponed for the purpose of taking up
House bill No. 338.
Mr. BIGLER. On that proposition I desire to
say a word. I represent a State that is deeply
interested in this question of the tariff. I am com-
mitted to this policy; indeed, I am instructed by
my Legislature, and I am anxious for the consid-
eration of the bill. But I have repeatedly expressed
my groat desire for action on the resolutions of the
Senator from Kentucky, as being more important
than anything else; and my colleague will put me
in the position of voting in favor of the postpone-
ment of the resolutions of the Senator from Ken-
tucky, or voting to defer the consideration of the
tariff. I believe we shall have ample time to con-
sider the tariff bill fully and thoroughly after we
have voted on these resolutions, and I shall there-
foie vote against the motion to postpone.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish to inquire what
the report of the committee accompanying that
bill was. I want to know whether I am right or
wrong about it.
Mr. GWIN. The Senator is right about it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secretary
will read the order that is indorsed on the report.
The Secretary read, as follows:
December 20, 1860. Reported witiiout amendment, and
with a recommendation that it be postponed to the 4th day '
of March next.
January 18,1861. Resumed and postponed to, and made
the s.pcci<«l order for Wednesday, the 23d instant, at one
o'clock.
Mr. FESSENDEN. What I wish to inquire
is, whether that overrides the report of the com-
mittee. If it does, it is all very well.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The special
order now before the Senate is the joint resolutions
offered by the Senator from Kentucky, being the
unfinished business of yesteiday.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That 1 understand; but
I was inquiring what the effect of that reference of
this bill was. A motion has been made to post-
pone all prior orders, and take up this bill; and I
wish to inquire whether the action of the Senate
already upon that bill, supersedes the report of
the Committee on Finance, so that when the proper
time arrives, the bill itself is before the Senate,
free from the recommendation of the committcc.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understands that the order made on the J8th,
which makes the bill the special order for this
morning, continues the bill before the Senate. It
is here a special order, if there were no other bus-
iness interfering with it. The question is on the
motion of the Senator from Pennsylvania, to post-
pone the joint resolutions of the Senator from Ken-
tucky* for the purpose of taking up llouse bill
No. '338.
Mr. CRITTENDEN-^ I hope that will not be
done. The gentleman fiom Pennsylvania has
perhaps given very good reasons why hi3 bill
ought be taken up and considered, but ho has
given no reason why those resolutions ought to
be postponed. I think he can hardly contend
that the subjcct to which the bill relates is of more
importance*than that to which the resolutions re-
late. There is no reason, and there can be none,
I think, why these resolutions ought to be post-
poned for any business before the Senate. II«
proposes the tariff. Well, su, it is a melancholy
question to ask, but we are compelled to ask it:
to what part of the United States would this tariff
apply; what ports and what harbors ? These are
important questions, sir. Let us, therefore, settle
and determine the questions that relate to the
Union, and its stability, and then adopt a policy
on the tariff. I hope the resolutions will not be
postponed.
Mr. HALE. Before the motion is put, I want
to ask a question of the Committee on Finance.
I believe tin- Senator from Virginia has withdrawn
from it; and I should like to have an answer from
the Senator from Maine, if I can get it. There
was some discussion upon this bill when it was
up at the last session; but I wish to ask whether
this tanlf bill from the House was ever examined
in detail ,by the Committee on Finance of this
body i
Mr. FESSENDEN. I can only say, in reply
to the Senator, if it has been, I know nothing
about it. I have never been able to give H any
examination whatever; and indeed, I may say
that there has been no examination whatevergiven
to the details of the bill in the Committee on Fi-
nance. It was reported back with the recommend-
ation of the committee that it should be post-
poned until the 4th of March; and this is the way
it stands before the Senate. How much signifi-
cance that has, one way or the other, I do not
know.
Mr. HALE. Then I want to say a single word
right hcic. I am as willing, as everybody knows,
to follow leaders as any man m this body; and 1
am as desirous for a tariff as anybody; but I be-
lieve this tariff affects very essentially the inter-
ests of the people whom I represent; and I am
not willing to vote upon it in the dark, until it has
had the intelligent examination of a committee of
this body; and that will govern my vote when it
comes up, party or no party.
Mr. BIGLER. My colleague seems desirous
of keeping the position of this bill; and I am quite
disposed to allow him to have Ins way about it.
My own judgment is that it is not politic to press
this measure this morning; but I believe I shall
vote with him to take the bill up, expecting that
after some discussion we shall fix a day for its
final disposition. I do not expect it to be dis-
posed of to-day.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr. President, I wish to
have the position of this matter fully understood.
Tins bill was first sent to the Committee on Fi-
nance. I believed it to bo properly sent there,
because it had never been examined; and my wish
and hope were that when it went to that commit-
tee it should be thoroughly examined, so that if
we were disposed to pass it, we should pass it
understanding^ and with proper amendments.
I have no doubt it requires some amendment.
But the majority of that committee thought proper
to bring it back to the Senate with a recom-
mendation equivalent to its rejection entirely.
Now, sir, my opinion is, that before this body
acts upon it, it ought to go through the hands
of a committee and be examined. My opinion
further is, that when it is taken up in this body,
if the recommendation of the Committee on
Finance to postpone it to the 4th of March is
rejected, it should then go back to the committee
for examination and be reported at an early day.
That is my notion about it, although I will not
pi ess it against the wishes of the Senators from
Pennsylvania. If they are disposed to take it
up and examine it here, and run the risk of its
passage without such a previous examination,'
and a thorough one, I am perfectly willing that
that should be done; but I do think that it ought
to be taken up immediately, and I am surprised
that it has not been called up before. I did not
consider it my business to do it. I hope it will
be taken up immediately, and, if this recommend-
ation of the Committee on Finance is rejected, a
day fixed when it shall be acted upon, and that
adhered to.
Mr. CAMERON. What has been said by the
Senator from Maine makes it my duty to say some-
thing about the course of the Committee on Fi-
nance in reference to this bill. It will be remem-
bered that this bill passed the House early in the
last session; and when it came here, it was re-
ferred to the Committee on Finance. Perhaps I
cannot with propriety speak of the proceedings
of the committee; but on every day that I had an
opportunity, I urged upon the committee the in-
vestigation of the bill. The whole session was
wasted, and the bill was not examined. Again it
was referred to the Committee on Finance by the
Senator from Maine, when I brought the bill up
this session.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Oh, no.
Mr. CAMERON. Yes, sir; on your vote.
Mr. FESSENDEN. No, sir; the Senator is
entirely mistaken. The report will show it.
Mr. CAMERON. Very well; I will not con-
tradict the Senator. He ought to know better
than 1 do. But it was referred again to the com-
mittee, and there was no action had upon it, until
at last a resolution was adopted there, which is
tantamount to its destruction, recommendingthat
it lie over until the 4th of March. .Now, I am
tired of that. If gentlemen on this side, who are
in favor of protection or some alteration in the
tariff, will vote with us for this bill, we shall get
what we desue; but we shall never obtain it if
this thing is to continue all the session, of post-
poning for some frivolous reason or other, or re-
ferring' the bill back to a committee who will not
investigate it. There is not a member of that
committee who will look at it, except the Sena-
tor from Maine. What have we to gain by their
looking at it? The truth is, such motions are
only intended to destroy the bill. Now, I am
perfectly willing when this bill shall come up that
a day certain shall be fixed to dispose of it; but
I have no desire to trust it again to that commit-
tee for an examination.
Mr. GWIN. I hope this bill will not come up
to-day for consideration. It is well known to the
members of the Committee on Finance—I sup-
pose there is no objection to referring to the opin-
ions of the members of the committee—that a
majority of the committee were opposed to this
bill; and that a report was made more than a
month ago, with the objcct of ascertaining whether
the majority of the Senate would consider this
question during the present session.
As the Senator from Maine said, I expected it
to come up lone: ago; but, being opposed to the
bill, I was of the opinion that those members of
the Senate who were in favor of it, were waiting
for the happening of certain events which have
happened here, by which a large vote against the
bill has been thrown out, giving them a better
piospect of passing it. Now. a word as to the
delay. If the bill had been taken up one month
ago, I have no doubt it would have been post-
