1.48Q
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 20,
was" not represented in the convention which
formed the Federal Constitution, and, in point of
fact, the formation of that Constitution by twelve
States was a plain breach of the Articles of Con-
federation, which were only to be changcd by the
unanimous consent of all. The necessity of the
case required a change, and the convention did
not hesitate to make it; and their action was con-
firmed by thesubsequent ratification by the people
•of the respective States.
- But the seventh article of the Constitution of
the.United States is conclusive upon this ques-
tion. If the Constitution had been the act or re-
sult of the will of the people of the United States
a% one nation, if " we, the people of the United
States,"-meant the aggregate people, of course
that article would not have been inserted. The
seventh article provides that—
" The ratification of the conventions of nine States shall
be sufficient for the establishment of this Constitution be-
tween the Slates so ratifying the same."
"When nine States ratified the Constitution, it
became the common Governmentof those States,
even if four others refused to ratify it. On the
adoption by nine States, the new Government
must have been organized without the rest of the
States, as in fact occurred as to North Carolina
and Rhode Island.
How, then, can it be rationally contended that
the States are not sovereign States, were not in-
dependent States, when they'adopted the Consti-
tution; and are not still independent States, except
to the ex tent to which they have yielded, delegated,
or ceded—1 care not which term is employed—a
portion of their sovereignty to a common Govern-
ment for the mutual protection and benefit of the
people of each and all? But, sir, it has been said
that a State cannot secede, because, by the lan-
guage of the Constitution, the Union is to be per-
petual. It was so intended; but, as 1 have shown
you, the same language occurs in a more solemn
form—for it is the express pledge of the plighted
faith of the constituent by the representative—at
the conclusion of the document, in the old Arti-
cles of Confederation. It is utterly unavailable
for the purpose of any interpretation of the struc-
ture and character of the Government. It is the
common language of every treaty. It is but vain
to tell us that any creation of human intellect
shall be perpetual. In the vast ocean of past time
the graves of empires heave but as some pass-
ing wave." in further illustration, let mc refer
to the opinions of the statesmen of that day.
I read again from 3No. 3D of the Federalist,
written by Mr. Madison:
" That n will be a Federal and not a national act"-—
Speaking of the foundation of the Constitu-
tion—
" a<< these terms are understood by the objectors, the act
ot the people, as forming bo many independent Siau->, not
as forming one aggregate nation, is obvious tiom this sin-
gle consideration : that It is to result neither ft om the de-
cision of a majority of the people ol the Union nor from
that of a majority of the States. It must result from the
unanimous assent of the several States that are parties to
it; differing no othervviMj from their ordtnaiy a<*?ont than
in it*' being expressed, not by the legislative authoi ity, but
by that of the people themselves. Were the people re-
garded in thi-! haii-action as foimmg one nation, the will
of the majority ot the whole people of the United States
would bind the tmnouiv, in the. same maim it a* the inrtjnr-
ity in eaeh State must bind the minority ; and the will of
the majority must be determined either by a comparison of
the individual vote*? or bj coniideiing the will ol u major-
ity of the States as evidence of the wiil of a majority ot
the people ol the United States. Neither of those lilies ha-i
been adopted. Eaeh State, in ratifying the Constitution,
is eonMdeied asa40i<crv?7,'>i body, independent ot all oth'-i>,?
arid only to be bound by it-* own vohintaiy act. In tlu^ re-
lation, then, the new Constitution will, if established, be
a Federal, and not a national Constitution."
But there is also in the same book the language
of another \ery able commentator—Mr. Hamil-
ton—to which 1 have lost the exact reference; but
I have a literal copy of the language in which he
asserts the principle of State sovereignty. Mr.
Hamilton writes:
•' 1 repeat here, what I have observed in substance in an-
other place, that all observations founded upon the dantrei
of usurpation ought to be leieiied to the composition ami
structure ot the Government.and not to the naruie and ex-
tent of its powers. The State governments, by their oi i%mal
constitutions, were invested with complete sovereignty.}>
Mr. President, I can scarcely realize (though I
have taken some labor to refute the idea) that it
can be seriously urged that tiie States of this Union
were not independent and sovereign States when
they formed "their original Confederacy; that they
did not, as independent and sovereign States,
adopt, by the several action of their people, the
present Federal Constitution; and that they did
not reserve to the States and the people thereof all
rights which were not ceded to the common Gov-
ernment by the Constitution which they adopted.
But, sir, if the States were sovereign originally,
what change was made in their relations by the
formation of the present Constitution ? The first
and the most important change was the power to
tax for the purpose of its support, which was
given to the General Government, and which was
the great defect of the old Confederation. Con-
gress, under that Confederation, was obliged to
depend upon requisitions on the States, which
were not complied with. It was necessary^ for
the existence of a common Government, that it
should have the right to collect revenues for its
own support. The next radical change was, that
the laws should operate upon the individual citi-
zen, instead of operating upon the citizen through
the action of the State. To that extent the alter-
ation made the General Government a national
Government. This change in the operation of
the laws on individuals instead of communities,
was intended to strengthen and give stability to
the Union, by substituting for the coercion of arms
—which existed in the Confederacy as against
the State, but was practically a useless power—
the coercion of the magistracy upon the individ-
ual. No more was intended; and the power it
confers is quite sufficient for any Federal Gov-
ernment existing over independent communities,
and founded upon opinion. But the coercion of a
State in its collective capacity, even by the ma-
gistracy, which they inserted in the Constitution
when it was originally adopted, was stricken out
very soon afterwards by amendment. The right
is given in the original Constitution not only to
decide suits between States in the Supreme Court,
but the right is given to citizens of one State, and
to aliens, to sue a State in its sovereign capacity
in the Supremo Court of the United States, State
sovereignty would not tolerate this, and it was
abrogated by amendment before the year 1800;
which shows the intent of the framcrs of the Con-
stitution, that though coercion by the magistracy
operating upon individuals in the States for the
purpose of executing the laws of the Fedetal Gov-
ernment was intended, they did not mean to pro-
vide against the collective action of a State, or to
authorise even coercion by the magistracy as
against a State in Us collective capacity. The
clause as it originally stood, appointing the Su-
preme Court a common arbiter, was stricken out,
except in the mere case of disputes between States;
and the same power existed in the old Confedera-
tion; the only difference being that the tribunal
to which the disputes of the States with eaeh other
were refolded under the old Articles of Confeder-
ation was Congress itself, and under the present
Constitution the Supremo Court of the United
States. But the right to coerce a State at the suit
of individuals, at the suitof the Federal Govern-
ment, at the suit of an alien, is not authorized by
the Federal Constitution as it now exists.
The inference seems irresistible. If the power
was abrogated which, as first inserted in the Con-
stitution, gave the means of coercion by the ma-
gistracy as againstn State, on what principle can
it be contended that the Federal Constitution gives
the right of coercion by arms against a State,
while the State remains in the Union? If the
State, by secession, becomes alien, you have the
same right of war or peace with her that you have
with any other alien people; but while you recog-
nize her as a member of the Union, coercion by
arms, or by the magistracy, against the State in
its collective capacity, was neither given, nor in-
tended to be given, by the Federal Constitution,
The attempt to give the power in both shapes
was made in the convention, and expiessly voted
down, both as to coercion by arms and coercion
by the magistracy. It was given indirectly by
the clause which 1 have mentioned, which gave
jurisdiction to the Supreme Court in suits by indi-
viduals against a State; but that was stricken out,
within a few years after its adoption, by amend-
ment. The right of secession at willt with or
without cause, was not given, because the inser-
tion of such a clause in the Federal Constitution
would but have been an invitation to dissolution.
It was left unprovided for, as one of those exi-
gencies in human affairs against which no Gov-
ernment and no human foresight could provide.
Sir, coercion by the magistracy of the individ-
ual citizen gave all the strength and sanction to
the laws of the Federal Government which was
requisite; but it has no application to the collect-
ive action of the people in any State in their po-
litical capacity. Where a State, by the action of
her people, declares herself out of the Union, or,
in ordinary language,secedes^the necpssary effect*
is that the magistracy is gone; there is no Federal
officer to carry into execution the laws by means
of the civil power, and of course the laws must
cease to operate. It is the result of revolutionary
action, I admit, because against the will of the
existing common Government; but it is the action
of an independent community in their collective
capacity, and has precisely the same effect upon
the relative condition of the people of that State
and the rest of the Union, that the abrogation of
a treaty would have between independent nations.
The treaty in such case is at an end; but if abro-
gated without sufficient cause, the annulment gives
just cause of war. The Union, however^stands;
the Federal Government remains as to all the other
States, in its entirety, and with its Taws and its
Constitution, as it stood before; but secession has
abrogated the coercion of the magistracy within
the States that have withdrawn by the action of
the people thereof. Is not this action the conscni
of the governed? It is revolutionary; but still, ac-
tion had by the consent of the governed. Who
adopted the Constitution ? The people of Georgia,
by the vote of their own people alone. If they
decide to withdraw from that Union by the act
of the same people—not of the Legislature—on
what principle, consistent with the Declaration of
Independence,can it be denied that this same peo-
ple can change their common as well as their State
government, except on thegiound that such change
is a breach of the compact which they made with
the people of other States, by adopting the Fed-
eral Constitution? If secession be, then,as I be-
lieve, a breach of compact, yet it would be justi-
fied by sufficient cause; if resulting from caprice
without grave cause of discontent., or sense of in-
security, it gives just right of war; but it does not
necessarily ensue, from the light of war, that war
should follow. War is a question of morals and
power combined, and always must be.
The military power in this country was never
intended to bo a primary power in the execution
of the laws. It may be calkd in aid, under the
mandate of the magistrate's subsidiary to the
civil power. By the express terms of the Con-
stitution, you may, at the request of a State, use
the mihtaiy power in case of domestic violence;
you may repress insurrection in the same mode;
but this Government never was intended to be
carried on by means of the military, as a substi-
tute and primary power in place of the civil power
—the action of the, magistiacy; and yet no other
mode remains in which the laws can be enforced
in the seceding States than by the military power,
if their enforcement is insisted on. All laws re-
quire some sanction, or they are futile. There is
but the sanction of the magistracy or the sanction
of arms. Under the old Confederacy they had to
j depend entnelyupon the sanction of arms, but
j never attempted its exercise, relying solely on the
| good faith of the States. The change made in
i constiuctiDg thepresenlGovemment was bygiv-
j ing the power of coercion by the magistracy upo-n
j the individual citizen; but, of necessity, that is
j dependent upon the action of the people of the
! State in their collective capacity; and if they sub-
| vert and put an end to the magistracy, the laws
| of the Union cannot be enforced, under our pres-
! ent Constitution, without aviolation of its intent.
! The action of the seceding States was beyond
human foresight, and one of those calamities
against which no Government, unless a military
despotism, can guard.
When a State secedes by the action of her peo-
ple, though its effect severs her from the Union
and makes her an alien people, it is a breach of the
compact which eieated this Government, and is,
in itself, just cause of war. But the right of war
only arises as consequent upon the effect of the
action of the people of the State, having made the
people thereof an alien to the rest of the Union.
If still in the Union, you cannot make war upon
a State. Such is the doctrine inculcated by Mr.
Madison in the passage I have read, as the law of
the compact m all Governments founded upon the
express compact of sovereignties, and not, as this
