520
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 23,
Fi
poned to the 4th of March. If it now comes up,
find that postponement is decided against, the
Senator from Maine certainly has indicated the
>roper course, for the bill has not been examined,
t was not examined by the Committee on Pi-
nance, because they believed a majority of the
Senate were opposed to the bill, and we wanted
a test vote. Why go into the labor of preparing
amendments to this bill, or examining it at all, if
a majority of the Senate were against it? If it had
been voted on one month ago, it would have been
seen that such was the fact; but the vote was
postponed for the purpose of having a full Senate
to ascertain whether the subject should be con-
sidered at all. That motion has been postponed
for upwards of a month; and, in the mean time,
six or eight Senators, who are opposed to the
bill, have retired from the Senate. Now, the first
question is: shall the bill be considered during
this session, or postponed to the 4th of March,
which is equivalent to its rcjcction. After that is
decided, if the Senate will entertain the bill, it
ought certainly to be examined by some commit-
tee; for it is, in my judgment, one of the crudest
bills that ever was presented to the Senate of the
United States, although it is on one of the most
important subjects. Therefore, I hope it will not
be taken up now.
Mr. DOUGLAS. The statement i.f the Sena-
tor from Maine, that this bill has not been ex-
amined in detail by the Committee on Finance, I
think, demonstrates the necessity of a recommittal
of the bill for the purpose of its undergoing such
an investigation. It is very clcar that of all the
measures upon which we have to act, a tariff bill
is the one that should be examined in its details
critically by a committee, who are presumed to
understand the subject, and have been appointed
for that purpose. Now, since the events of the
last few weeks, there has been, oris to be, a change
in the position of the Committee on Finance. The
chairman of that committee, [Mr. Hunter,] who
has served the Senate and the country jn that
position with so much ability for many years,
lias deemed it his duty to retire; and I understand
that he places his withdrawal from the committee
on the ground that he no longer represents a ma-
jority of the body. These events, changing the
character of the Senate, transfer the power in this
body from this side of the Chamber to the other
side.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Oh, no; we have not
got it.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Well, you have got it so
nearly that two or three days will give it to you
conelusively;and the resignation of the chairman
of the Committee on Finance is predicated, as 1
understand, on that fact. From this time out,
the other side of the Chamber have the respons-
ibility of the action of this body, and are entitled
to their representation m the committees. It
strikes me, therefore, that the first course is for
them to proceed to the election of a chairman of
the Committee on Finance who represents their
views, and to fill the other vacancies, so that that
important committee will rellect the policy of a
majority of the Senate, and then recommit this
bill to the committee as thus organized; and when
they make a report upon it, we shall be ready to
act upon it. I think that is the true mode of
Sroceedmg. It does not follow that after the
enate shall have appointed a new chairman of
the Committee on Finance, and filled the vacan-
cies on that committee, there will be the same
report on this bill; there may be a different report
from that made by the committee who recom-
mended its postponement to the 4th of March. It
does follow that this bill ought not to be passed
until it has been examined by a committee m de-
tail. We must, therefore, either recommit it to
the Committee on Finance, or create a special
committee to make the necessary investigation,
before we act upon it. Inasmuch as the objec-
tion in the way of an investigation by the Com-
mittee on Finance has been removed by the resig-
nations on that committee, all you have to do is
to proceed to elect a chairman of that committee,
and fill up your vacancies m a manner that will
be satisfactory to a majority of the Senate, and
then recommit the bill, and have a report on its
details; and then 1 shall be ready to vote upon
the measure.
Mr. WILSON. It Meems to me, sir, that we
have no time to lo«e, if it be the purpose of the
Senate to consider this bill at the present session.
This bill was got up in the House of Representa-
tives with a great deal of labor and investigation.
I doubt whether any bill connected with the tariff,
or any other question, has passed the House of
Representatives for years, to which so much time
and labor have been devoted. It comes here. I
do not think it perfect. It proposes great changes.
I think the Senate ought to take time to examine
it, and examine it with care. Therefore, we
should act upon it to-day; and if it is to go back
to the Committee oil Finance, let us send it back
at once, and give that committee time to act upon
it. But there are, I understand, now before that
committee several appropriation bills from the
House of Representatives for their consideration;
and I do not know whether they will have time
enough to devote to this bill that attention which
ought to be devoted to it for the next few days.
If they cannot do it, I think the Senate should
appoint a special committee, and send this bill to
that special committee, and let them devote the
days and nights to its consideration, for it is a
question of great importance to the country.
Sir, there has been a pressure here for nearly
four years to modify the revenue laws of this
country. The President has repeatedly recom-
mended these changes; the kite Secretary of the
Treasury resisted them. The chairman of the
Committee on Finance has resisted a modification
of the revenue laws. Now, all the reliances that
have been put by the Senate and the country
upon the estimates of these officers have failed.
We have been incurring debts; we have borrowed
vast sums of money; and we are now told that
we want $20,000,000 more to carry us through, I
think, to the close of the fiscal year. The time
has come for action; and this Congress should
not adjourn without passing a well-clevised reve-
nue law for the country. We have no time to
lose. We should take up tile bill, I think, and
act upon it to-day, and send it to the Committee
on Finance to bo thoroughly examined; or, what
perhaps may be better, if that committee be over-
burdened with labor, as they may be, with the
numerous appropriation bills from the House of
Representatives, to a special committee, that can
give their days to the consideration of the details
of a measure so important to the country.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I desire simply to correct
a misapprehension which I have noticed in the
newspapers, and have heard in the Senate this
morning, in regard to the political condition of
parties in this body. I am quite willing to take
my share of responsibility, but I am very un-
willing that the Republican party should be held
responsible for what passes this Senate, or for the
non-action of the Senate, in regard to important
matters, when they have no power whatever here.
We have been told this morning that we should
elect a chairman ofthcFmanceCommittce. Why,
sir, there is a majority of six against us here in the
Senate. There are fifty-eight persons here, holding
seats, and there are but twenty-six Republicans.
There are thnty-two against us. We can cany
no measure; we can elect no man upon any com-
mittee. I should bo very glad to find that Sena-
tors upon the other side, satisfied of the errors of
their ways, were joining with us and giving us a
majority; and then I should be willing to share
my proportion of the responsibility; and I think
we should see a different class of legislation from
what has been witnessed in the Senate for some
time past, if we had that majority.
I rose simply to correct that misapprehension,
so that the country should not suppose that the
responsibility for non-action, or action either,
was upon the Republican organization in this
body. It has been repeated often; it has been said
that we could settle everything in the country;
but we have no power to pass anything. There
is a working majority against us upon every ques-
tion.
Mr. EIGLER. I do not know, Mr. President,
that I have ever witnessed an instance in which
an effort was made to pass a bill by one body be-
cause it had passed another, and in the precise
terms in which it had been passed by the other,
that did not lead to delay and danger. I have all
the while been of the opinion that, however thor-
oughly this proposition may have been examined
in the House of Representatives, Senators would
feel that it was due to the magnitude of the sub-
ject and the obligations that rest upon them, that
they should examine it, or some committee for
them, in order that when it came up here for final
disposition, some Senator, or some two or three
Senators, should be able to meet every question
presented in reference to it, not only as to the
general theory upon which it is based, but its
practical operation; and I therefore concur mainly
in what the Senator from Massachusetts has said,
that now we had better take up this bill and com-
mit it to a committee. I do not mean a committee
against it, as would be the Committee on Finance
as heretofore constituted, but a committee of those
who arc willing to strike the proper medium on
this question, and to act promptly. I think that
can be more safely done by a select committee of
three or five Senators; and if the Senator from
Rhode Island, [Mr. Simmons,] who is evidently
more familiar with this subject, who, from his long
experience and practical connection with the whole
question, better understands it than any other
member of this body, will indicate his willingness
to commit this bill to a select committee, with the
understanding thatit shall act promptly and thor-
oughly, I shall vote for that; believing that in
doing so 1 act the part of a true friend of that just
policy which my constituents desire.
Mr. SIMMONS. I am not one of those who
choose to commit themselves to anything to get
a question up. It is my intention, if we can get
this question up, to make a motion; but until it
comes up, I do not suppose it is necessary to in-
dicate what the motion will be.
Mr. EIGLER. That isenough. Let us take
it up, and then let the Senator make his motion.
Mr. HUNTER. I will only say, in regard to
the action of the Committee on Finance upon
this bill while I was a member of that commit-
tee, that it will be found that it was sent to that
committee on the 11th and returned on the 20th
of December, being in the possession of the com-
mittee only nine days, and it was returned be-
cause a majority believed that we could not at
this session pass any proper revenue measure.
For one, I did not believe that the other system
had had a fair trial. We were getting a larger
revenue than we had done for many years, up to
the period of these political troubles, and I have
no idea that any tariff that you can pass will pro-
duce revenue enough until they can be settled or
pass away in some mode. 1 did not believe, for
one, therefore, that this was the proper time to
act upon it, and that was reason enough for me,
without a particular examination of the bill, to
vote for its postponement until the 4th of March.
So far as the bill is concerned, I myself did ex-
amine it last session, and Ido not believe itaffords
foundation even for a proper revenue measure;
but I know that there is a majority in the Senate
of a different opinion. J dare say a special com-
mittee may be a very good one to consider it.
Perhaps that is the proper direction, and I shall
not resist it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Bright.)
The question is on postponing the unfinished
business of yesterday, for the purpose of taking
up House bill No. 338.
Mr. I1IGLER. Perhaps we can take up this
bill now by common consent.
Mr. CL1NGMAN. I would rather go on with
the resolutions.
Mr. B1GLER. Very well; lot the question be
put.
Mr. CLING MAN called for the yeas and
nays; and thev were ordered.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I desire to have the
question very distinctly on the postponement of
the resolutions. The motion is, I believe, to post-
pone all the preceding orders of the day, to take
up this bill. Cannot I ask to divide the question,
and have it first on the postponement?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is susceptible of division, and the first vote then
will be on postponing the special order. That
leaves it in the power of the Senate to take up any
other business.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Cannot I divide the spe-
cial orders to be postponed?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
states that the question will be divided m that
form.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I want the question on
my resolutions, if I can have it
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
states that he will put the question in that form,
