1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
521
first on postponing the special order, being the
resolutions of the Senator from Kentucky; and
then the question will come up as to what shall
be the business before the Senate.
Mr. B1GLER. I am aware of that; but I de-
sire to say that, notwithstanding the division, I
vote to postpone the resolutions, with the under-
standing and expectation that the tariff bill will be
immediately taken up and committed, and then
the consideration of the resolutions resumed. I
do not consent to occupy the attitude of interfer-
ing with the consideration of the resolutions.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Kentucky calls for a division of the ques-
tion. He is entitled to it, and the Chair will con-
sider the yens and nays as ordered upon the post-
ponement of the special order, leaving it open then
to take up any other business. The Secretary
will call the roll on postponing the special order.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 27, nays 21; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Baker, Biglei, Bingham, Cam-
cron, Chandler, Clark, Coliamer, Dixon, DooJitUc, Durkee,
Fessenden, Fool, Foster, Grimes, Hale. King, Morrill,
Sewaul, Simmons-, Sumner, Ten Eyclc, 'lhom&on, Trum-
bull, Wade, Wilkinson, and Wilson—27.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayaid, Benjamin, Jiiagg, Bright, Cling-
man, Crittenden, Fitch, Hemphill, Hunter, Iveison, John-
son ot Arkansas, Johnson of Tenne&scc, Kennedy, Latham,
Mu&on, Nicholson. Pearce, Polk, Powell,XUce, and Sebas-
tian—21.
So the motion to postpone was agreed to.
Mr. HALE. Now the question is on taking
up the tariff bill.
FLORIDA CLAIMS.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The first spe-
cial order now is the bill S. No. 230, declaratory
of the acts for carrying into effect the ninth ar-
ticle of the treaty between the United States and
Spain.
Air. FOOT. I move to postpone the consider-
ation of that bill to Monday week next, the 4th
of February, and make it the special order for
that (lay, at one o'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
THE TARIFF BILL.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The next bill
in order is House bill No. 388, entitled "An act
to provide foj- the payment of outstanding Treas-
ury notes, to authorize a loan, to regulate and fix
the duties on imports, and for other purposes."
'Die Chair understands that there is ati amend-
ment pending, which was offered by the Senator
from Oregon, [Mr. Lane.]
Mr. TRUMBULL. Is not the question on the
postponement ?
Mr. GWIN. I hope the Senator from Rhode
Island will make the motion for a select commit-
tee.
Mr. SIMMONS. I want to get at the precise
state of the bill. Some of my friends say that
the proper vote now is against postponing it to
the 4th of March.
Mr. HUNTER. I do not understand that that
motion is pending. The commiiteo recommended
it, but there was no motion made in pursuance of
that recommendation. There is nothing in the
way of amotion to commit, if the Senator moves it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There has been
no action on the report of the Committee on Fi-
nance; but, since that report was made, the bill
has been taken up and made a special order, and
it is now before the Senate, as in Committee of
the Whole, and may be referred either to a stand-
ing or to a select committee.
Mr. SIMMONS. I suggest, and will make
the motion, if the Senator from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Cameron] is willing, that the bill be referred to
a select committee consisting of five Senators, and
that they report op. Tuesday next, or as early as
practicable.
Mr. GWIN. If the Senator from Rhode Island
wishes a select committee to examine this ques-
tion, he had better give them until this day week.
It is an important question.
Mr. SIMMONS. I am content.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is moved to
refer the bill to a select committee of five mem-
bers.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. GWIN. 1 move that the committee be
appointed by the Vire President.
The motion was agreed to by unanimous con-
sent.
Mr. BIGLER. I now move that the Senate
resume the consideration of the resolutions of the
Senator from Kentucky.
Mr. GWIN. One word. It was proposed to
instruct the committee to report the tariff bill
within a week.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator from California move that?
Mr. GWIN. That is the motion of the Sen-
ator from Rhode Island.
Mr. SIMMONS. I thought that was included
in the motion to refer.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is a sepa-
rate motion. It is moved that the select commit-
tee be instructed to report back the bill on this
day week.
Mr. COLLAMER. I wish to amend that mo-
tion.by adding, " and that it be made the special
order for that day at one o'clock." [" Oh, no."]
Mr. GWIN. It ought to be printed first, so
that we may examine it.
Mr. COLLAMER. Very well. I shall not
insist on my suggestion.
Mr. CAMERON. I renew the motion of the
Senator from Vermont.
Mr. BIGLER. That cannot be done.
Mr. GWIN. When the bill is reported, it must
be printed as amended; and we ought to have the
printed bill before us before taking it up for action.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on instructing the committee to report the bill
back this day week.
The motion was agreed to.
SLAVERY QUESTION.
Mr. BIGLER. Now, I move to take up the
resolutions of the Senator from Kentucky.
Mr. WILSON. Will the Senator give way to
allow me to make a motion ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
hear the Senator from Massachusetts.
Mr. WILSON. I wanted to make a motion to
fix some day for the consideration of the Pacific
railroad bill, which has been thrown over.
Mr. BIGLER. I cannot yield for a motion so
important as that.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Pennsylva-
nia.
Mr. GWIN. I am going to make a point on
this very motion of the Senator from Pennsylva-
nia. The question before the Senate is, what shall
conic up ? If the resolutions of the Senator from
Kentucky do not come up, the Pacific railroad bill
comes up, as a matter of course, as the unfinished
business; does it not?
Mr. WILSON. I think the Pacific railroadbill
has lost its place.
Mr. BIGLER. I have submitted a motion to
resume the consideration of the resolutions of the
Senator irom Kentucky.
Mr. GWIN. I am going to give a reason why
I shall vote against the motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Pennsylva-
nia to take up for consideration the resolutions
offered bv the Senator from Kentucky.
Mr. G WIN. Can I make a motion to amend
that?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
hear the proposition of the Senator.
Mr. GWIN. 1 want to take up the Pacific
railroad lull and have it considered and acted on
finally. There are no speeches to be made on that,
to go to the country or elsewhere. We are going
to consider the details of it; and I think if we
take it up we can soon get through with it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Will the Senator from
California allow me to inquire what is the busi-
ness before the Senate?
The PllESl DING OFFICER. The motion of
the Senator from Pennsylvania.
Mr. TRUMBULL. But what would be the
business regularly in order if that motion was not
made?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is no
sper'al order now. The Pacific railroad bill, as
the Chair understands, lias lost its position as a
special order. The question now is on the motion
of the Senator from Pennsylvania to take up the
resolutions offered by the Senator from Kentucky.
Mr. GWIN. 1 move to ninend the motion by
substituting the Pacific railroad bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
remark to the Senator that the motion is not
amendable. If it is voted down, the Senator's
motion will be in order.
Mr. WILSON and Mr. GWIN called for the
yeas and nays; and they were ordered ;.afld being
taken, resulted—yeas 24, nays 27; as follows;
YEAS — Mescrs. liayard, Benjamin, Bigler, Bragg,
ISriglit, Clingman, Crittenden, Douglas, Fiteli, Hemphill,
Hunter, Iveison, Johnson of Tennessee, Kennedy, Lane,
Mason, Nicholson, Pearce, Polk, Powell, Rice, Sebastian,
Thomson, and Wigfall—24.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Baker, Btngham, Cameron,
Chandler, Clark, Coliamer, Doohttle, Durlcee, Febsendeu,
Foot, Foster, Grimes, Gwin, Hale, Harlan. King, Latham,
Morrill, Seward. Simnums, Sumner,Ten Eyek, Trumbull,
Wade, Wilkinson, and Wilson—27.
So the motion was not agreed to.
RAILROAD TO THE PACIFIC.
On motion of Mr. GWIN, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, resumed the consider-
ation of the hill (H. R. No. 701) to secure con-
tracts, and make provision for the safe, certain,
and more speedy transportation, by railroad, of
mails, troops, munitions of war, and military and
naval stores, between the Atlantic States and those
of the Pacific, and for other purposes; the pend-
ing question being on the amendment offered by
Mr. Lane.
Mr. GWIN. There are some amendments to
the bill, which are rendered necessary in order to
conform to the amendment which was adopted on
the motion of the Senator from North Carolina,
[Mr. 111.agg. j I have indicated to the Secretary
of the Senate what those amendments are. -If the
Secretary will read those amendments, the Sena-
tor from North Carolina will sec the appropriate-
ness of passing them.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The pending
amendment is the one offered by the Senator from
Oregon. Will the Senate have it read?
Mr. GWIN. I hope the Senator from Oregon
will poimit me to perfect the bill in the manner I
have indicated, in order to make the bill conform
to the amendments that have already been adopted
by the Senate, before the vote is taken on his
amendment. According to the amendment, the
acts of incorporation by the States and Territo-
ries are to be reported back to Congress for action,
and a provision of the bill says that the road must
be commenced in twelve months fiom the passage
of the act, which is impossible.
Mr. LANE. I have 110 objection to the time
being extended, and I will waive my amendment
for the present for that purpose.
Mr. GWIN. There is no objection, I suppose,
to the amendment that I propose. I hope the
Secretary will read it.
The Secretary read it. In line five of section five
of the bill to strike out the words " approval of
the act by the President," and to insert the words
"time at which the acts of incorporation shall
have been approved, according to the first section
of this act;" and in tlie tenth line to strike out the
words " passage and approval of this act," and
insert the words, " time at which the acts of in-
corporation shall have been approved, according
to the first section of this act;" so that the section
will read:
Srcc. 5. Ami be it fmtker enactci, That if the corpora-
tion or corpoi at ions proceeding under thrt provision4* ot this
not in the constiucuon of sud load shall lail to commcnee
the wojk upon s-aul load within one ye,ir Irom the time at
which the act* of ineoipoiation *hall nave been appiovcd,
aecoiding to the first section of this act, or las! to complete
one hundred (100) miles per year alter the fir-t > ear. or
shall tail to complete the whole ot j-aid line ami lurm-h the
laihoad tinn-pommon contemplated and contracted l'oi by
this act aloim the. entire line within fifteen veaii after the
time at which the acts of incorporation shall have been
appiovcd, accoiding to the fiiht *eeiion ot' the- act, the
coi potation or corporations contracting or owmrmtln &>amc
shall 1'otteit all the lights and puvileges hereb} planted,
either in los-peetto aid, ritrhtofway, oriand*- not yet disposed
of by them ; and it - haJI he the right and duty of Congress
to ptovidc tor the conjunction or completion of the same
by other eoiporation or corporation- ; and to tin-, end. ail
the p!ope!ty.ri^l)ts,fianohhe-<.oi impiovement*, belonging
to or connected with this; road, so t<Ar :ts completed or in
progress, shall inure to and become the properly ot such
second corpoiation or corpoiations heiemiefeiTed to. upon
the "dine conditions as it belonged to the corporation or
corporations thus failing.
The amendment was agreed to.
The. PRESIDING- OFFICER. The question
now is on the amendment offered by the Senator
from Oregon, which will be read.
> The Secretary read it; to insert,, in line thirteen
' of the first section, after the word California,5
, the following:
! Thence, blanching north thiough the vallej> of Saera-
! memo, Hoguu nver. Ump'jua, and Willamette, to 1 oitluna,
>/
