1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
523
of putting a party man into the board; and when
1 suggested old John Moore, I did so because he
is not an active politician, and because, having
retired from polities, he was selected by the unan-
imous vote of the State, as the trustee to hold the
Illinois Central road trust. 1 want no party char-
acter in the bill. I will agree to strike out all the
names from Illinois, or I will agree to put in a
man on each side, or two on a side, or three on a
side, equalizing it; that is all I ask. The Senatu
now can vote on the first two names. Then, if
these are put in, he can renew the others; but I
give notice that I shall renew name for name,
until they are equalized, either by striking out, or
by adding to the names in the bill.
"Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, I regret that
we should have anything said here about Illinois
party politics, or the party politics of any other
State, in regard to this railroad. The Senator
from Louisiana [Mr. Benjamin] offered an amend-
ment the other day, which was adopted, to throw
this matter open to everybody in the country who
chose to come in. I must confess I do not see
any particular reason to change that provision;
but if it is thought best to change it, and to con-
fine it to certain persons named in the bill, I do
not care a fig what the politics of the men are who
are to go in it. If I could have ten, or a hundred,
or a thousand, or ten thousand good names of
men who are ready to put their money into that
road, and use their influence to construct it, I
would never ask whether they were of one polit-
ical party or the other. The great point is to get
men of talent, of influence, men of money, to take
hold of and build this road; and with all the in-
ducements that are in this bill, lam not sure that
that class of men will invest their money or give
their time to the construction of this road.
But, sir, if we are to put names in the bill, I
hope we shall have no wrangling here about their
party politics; but shall select men of influence;
men who have means; men who can command
means; men who can command influences to bring
money for the construction of the road. Now,
there are three names fiom my State mentioned
in the bill, and I never stop to ask what their pol-
itics are. In looking over them, I have the im-
pression that one of them belongs to the Repub-
lican party. There are other names that I would
be glad to see in that bill; and if we are to put
names in, I propose to put some there. I would
piopose Mr. John M. Forbes, a gentleman who
is one of the largest owners of railroads ill the
country; he is interested in the Michigan, the St.
Joseph, and other roads; he is a man of great
ability, of business character, of wealth, and of
position in every other respect. There is Mr.
Chester W.Chapin, president of the Western rail-
road of my own State, a Democrat of Democrats.
I care nothing about his polities. Then there is
Mr. Gennery Twitchell, president of the Wor-
cester road, a man of great vigor and great en-
ergy; and E. Hasket Derby, who has written
more m regard to this Pacific railroad, and rail-
roads in this country, and who understands the
whole railroad interest of this country perhaps
better than any man in it, or as well as any, un-
less it be Mr. Poor, of New York. Then there
is Mr. Samuel Hooper, an eminent merchant of
Boston, a man largely engaged in railroads. I
should like to see such names go into the bill. I
could pick them out in my own State and section
of country by the hundred; and I would not stop
to ask what their politics are. All I want to know
is, will these men give their time; will they eon-
tribute their means; will they use their influence
to get the means to construct thig Pacific railroad?
That is all the question I ask, and it is all any of
us ought to ask here.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I agree with the Senator
from Massachusetts entirely, that the party pol-
itics of the gentlemen named here should have
nothing to do with the bill, and they had not, so
far as I know anything about it, until my col-
league came in and asked us to put in men as party
men.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I beg pardon 
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is the reason. He
put it 011 the ground that there were not as many
Democrats there as Republicans, and he made his
proposition for the purpose of having party men.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I beg pardon; 1 have not
proposed them as partisans. I stated that I pro-
posed to my colleague privately the objection that
it had a partisan character. It has. Mr. Hickox,
to whom he objects, has had more to do with rail-
roads, or as much as any man in Illinois. He
has been identified with the St. Louis and Chicago
railroad from its beginning. He is a thorough
railroad man. The men that I propose have as
much to do with railroads as the men he proposes.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, my col-
league has made his speech, and the whole bur-
den of it is, and nothing else, that he wants these
men here as party men. He says he is willing
to strike them all out but two, but he wants man
for man as partisans. That is the very object of
this motion, the very burden of it, and nothingelse.
Why object to the bill as it came from the House,
when one man is named in regard to whose pol-
itics I never heard, if it is not for party consider-
ations? What is his speech? Who has dragged
parties into the Senate here and urged that man
for man should go into the bill as corporators,
because of party feeling, as if men could not build
a railroad unless they were Democrats? I stated
that I had nothing to do with the names that were
put in this bill, and never knew who they were
until the bill came here.
But the most extraordinary statement is made
here, that Mr. John Moore is not a partisan.
Why, sir, I know Mr. John Moore very well;
and a bitterer partisan there is not ill the State.
He used to be Lieutenant Governor of the State,
lie is a good man. 1 have no objection to his
going into this railroad company; but you will
find that he was at all your party meetings for the
last twenty years. As the men who have already
been selected have been selected without reference
to party, certainly, so far as I know anything
about it—and my colleague was consulted, and I
was not—if men are to be added because of polit-
ical considerations, I have named two gentlemen,
because my colleague has named two; but I am
well enough satisfied with the bill.
But hcgctsupodisputc as to Mr. Wentworth's
politics; and he says he is the champion of Re-
publicanism. Well, I am not disposed to discuss
Mr. Wentwortli's politics, nor do I care whether
he is in the bill or not. John Moore is a Demo-
crat. There are but four names there; and if Mr.
Wentworth is such a partisan that you are afraid
of him, take him out, and put in somebody else.
I prefer, however, that the Senator fiom Illinois
should not select party men for me.
But he says that Mr. Hamilton is a party man;
and he speaks of the raihoadx. To a person in
Illinois, who knows its politics as I do, who has
traveled all over the State, and on all the railroads,
and lias seen the influence of the railroads in elec-
tions, operating against the Republican party
everywhere; who has seen the Democrats carried
on free tickets all over the State, when Republi-
cans have been paying their fere, it is, to me, a
most astonishing accusation.
But I do not want to go into these partisan
questions; and I am sorry they are dragged in
here in reference to a great measure like tills for
the building a Pacific railroad. I look upon it
as a very small matter; and I was quite willing
that the names should remain as they were. The
names were selected, I presume, without any
reference to party; and I am willing they shall
stand as they are now. But since my colleague
has talked about party and putting in partisans,
if there is any importance to be attached to it,
when he puts in his two party men, to whom I
do not object; if others are to go in let his two
men go in; but let Mr. Ogden and Mr. Farnham
also go in, who are men that ought to be in the
bill irrespective of any partisan considerations
whatever.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Mr. President, I do not
wish to prolong this debate. There is nothing
more objectionable to me than a debate of this
kind upon party politics on a bill of this descrip-
tion. I went to my colleague and told him that
this looked as if was a party machine, so far as
Illinois was concerned; and I proposed to him,
privately, not to have a word in the Senate; to
strike out all but two men, or else put in two oil
a side, or three on a side; and pledged him that
I would not name a man that he objected to; that
he might veto any man that was'named. My j
object was to get those that had no politics, or to
neutralize the politics; but he would not consent
to it.
He talks about these men being selected with-
out reference to party. I happen to know they
were selected with reference to party. When I
was consulted, it was stated that they had selected
William B. Ogden on the one side and wanted a
man on the other. 1 gave them John Moore.
He is justas unobjectionable as Mr. Ogden. He
is a Democrat; Mr. Ogden is a Republican. John
Moore is out of office; Mr. Ogden is a Republi-
can member of the Legislature now, the nominee
of his party at the last election. I reckon he is
not without politics. He was selected for the
purpose of voting for my colleague, and he dis-
charged the duty. Then they want to put in two
men who have no claim on earth but as partisans
—John Wentworth and N. P. Judd, men that I
have reason to believe would never allow an engi-
neer or a contractor, or a subordinate, to work on
a railroad they had control of, if they did not
agree with them in politics, if they could prevent
it. I hare never known more unscrupulous men
in politics than they are.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Why not take Wentworth
but, if you want to do so ?
Mr. DOUGLAS. Ah! no w he says that Went-
worth is not a good Republican of his stamp, and
Judd is. He is willing to take Wentworth out.
Why is he not willing that I should take Judd
out ? If lie is notgoverned by politics, why not
let Judd come out as well as Wentworth? The
reason is this: Wentworth is as good a Republi-
can as my colleague; but he is the enemy of my
colleague, and Judd and Wentworth both are
mortal enemies of myself. That is the difference.
My colleague wishes to get Wentworth out as a
matter of personal revenge on Wentworth because
he cannot control him in his party. I scorn all
this. Strike them all out; leave the State without
any, and I shall be satisfied. Put in a man that
is not objectionable on the score of politics, and
I shall be satisfied. I repeat, I will not vote to
put in a man that my colleague says is an im-
proper one. I will take Mr. Ogden, or Mr. Ham-
ilton, or Mr. Farnham. They are Republicans,
but they are railroad men as well as Republicans;
or I will take men on the other side. I consider
this effort to keep the preponderance in that State
as a deliberate attempt to turn the Pacific railroad
into a partisan scheme. 1 felt bound to protest
against this party scheme in the beginning. I
did it privately to my colleague, because I did
not wantitto come publicly into the Senate. But
the tenacity with which my colleague insists upon
a Republican majority in that board shows me
that the information I received was right; shows
me that it is a scheme to make a party machine
out of the Pacific railroad, and that the interests
of the road are to be sacrificed for partisan pur-
poses. I will vote for equalizing it, and if there
is any suspicion of party politics in reference to
the names in other States, I will vote to equalize
them in every instance, so that they cannot be
used for party purposes. It is not accidental that
this thing has been done. I have a reason to be-
lieve that it is a design. It has more in it than
appears upon the face of it. And yet my aversion
to uttering a word on party politics in connection
with the railroad induced me to go my colleague
and point out this objection,and ask him quietly
to consult with his Republican friends and adjust
the matter. I hope the Senate now will strip this
bill of a party charactcr.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foster
in the chair.) Is the Senate ready for the ques-
tion on the amendment proposed by the Senator
from California ?
Mr. BENJAMIN. I am at a loss in voting
upon this amendment; and I desire to know
whether it would be in order to move for a special
committee, with power to send for persons and
papers, to examine this question that has arisen
between the two Senators from Illinois.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
thinks not, without committing the bill to them at
the same time.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I have not the information
to enable me to vote. The Senators disagree with
each other in relation to some of these individ-
uals. If we could get at the facts of the case by
a proper and thorough investigation, it would be
probably a very profitable use of the powers of
the Senate. The bill, as it now stands, provides
for certain commissioners to receive subscrip-
tions, and allows anybody that chooses to join
them. As the bill originally stood, before the
