1484
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 21,
Mr. ANTHONY. It seems to me the most
extraordinary part of this proceeding is, thai these
questions should be put to my colleague in his
absence. He will be here, I presume, in a few
minutes. 1 cannot answer them; but, when he
comes in, I have no doubt he -will answer them.
It will be necessary, however, to repeat them in
his presence.
Mr. CLiNGrMAN. I stated a sufficient reason
for putting the inquiries now. I stated that I de-
sired to put them yesterday, but he did notcome
in until the Senator from Delaware commenced
his speech; and he went out before the Senator
from Delaware got through. The Senator from
Delaware intends to go on to-day. I therefore
make this statement now; it will go into the pa-
pers; and the Senator's colleague can answer or
not, as he thinks proper. I hope he will take his
own time. I should not have said as much yes-
terday, perhaps, as 1 have said to-day, for I
thought he certainly would take notice of this
thing 1 will merely state that the Senator's col-
league cannot be prejudiced. I put the questions
now, leaving him to answer them when he comes
in; but 1 am not willing that this statement shall
go far and wide over the country without an an-
swer If 1 failed for two or three days to notice
it here, it might be supposed that there was some
ground for it.
Mr. ANTIIONY. I cannot answer the Sen-
ator on that of which I do not know anything;
but 1 can say for my colleague, that when he
comes in he will answer any proper question that
is put to him, and make any explanation thatany
Senator has a right to demand of him.
OFFICERS OF THE SENATE.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Rice in
the chair.) Upon the call of the yeas and nays
on the motion to lay upon the table the resolution
of the Senator from New Hampshire, there was
not a quorum voting. There is evidently a quo-
rum present now.
Mr. HALE. 1 wish the question to be taken
again.
Mr, TRUMBULL. 1 apprehend it will be suf-
ficient to call simply (he names of Senators who
have come in since the vote was taken; it only
lacked one or two of a quorum.
Mr. POWELL. There are several Senators
who have come m who may vote.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I have just come in. I was
not aware what the question was; I did not know
any question was pending.
The PR ESI DING OFFICER, By unanimous
consent the names of Senators who did not re-
spond and are now present will be cailed.
Mr. HRECKLVRl DGE. Isit in order for me
to vote now ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair under-
stands that unanimous consent has been given for
Senators now present, who were not present when
the roll was called, to record their names.
Mr, DOUGLAS. I have no desire to vote
unless u is necessaty to make a quotum. I do
not know what tin; question is.
The VICE [PRESIDENT. It is necessary.
Mr DOUGLAS. I vote "yea," to make a
quorum
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. 1 vote "yna."
Mr, LANK voted nay/'
Mr. NESMITII voti'd " ya."
The result way announced—yeas 11, nays 2G;
as follows:
YK *\S—31'
HMD. i
ami Thorn-on
\AYS—Mc
lamer, rowan
(inmus-, Iliiic,
dimmer. Ten Ev<"
and VVilsoti—2d
•Ni-5. Rajnirl. Brerk]'in<!!_"\ Blight, Clm<r-
JohiiMjn, ,\>c until. Ajchol mui, Powell, Uicc,
-11
Anthony. Hakcr. ChandJoi. Clntk. Col-
. fJixon. DooliJilf, I'V-M-mlen, Foot. I'o-to,
linrl.iii, Il.miH, ilnwp. ICmur, Lane, Mouiil,
,Tiuni!>uil, VYiuIe, Wilkinson, WUmoi,
resolution on
So the Senate refused to lay th
the table.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question re-
curs on the adoption of the resolution, on which
the yeas and nays have been ordmrd.
Mi. DOUGLAS. I ask that the resolution be
read.
The Secretary read it.
Mr. BRIGHT. I should hive to nmenu the
resolution, if u is to puss, hy striking opt *' during
the present infirmity of the Secretary,5' and insert
44 until otherwise ordered by the Senate." !
Mr. HALE. I have no objection to that. I
The "VICEPRESIDENT. Thatamendment,
then, will bo made.
Mr, DOUGLAS. That question is new to me,
and 1 should like to know whether the law does
not define the duties and powers of the Secretary
of the Seriate, and whether we have the right by
resolution to change them.
Mr. HALE. 1 have examined the question
to which the Senator from Illinois refers, and I
find that there are certain duties which are specif-
ically devolved on the Secretary by law; but they
are very few, and they are explicit. The Con-
stitution and the laws are both vague, with that
exception. Those statutes which devolve special
duties on the Secretary, I believe, are simply
those that make him the disbursing officer of the
Senate, and that confer upon him the authority
to take charge of the rooms during the recess of
the Senate. The Constitution simply gives power
to the Senate to choose their own officers, with-
out designating them; and the duties of Secre-
tary, with that exception, are not defined by
law.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I am a little apprehensive
that the change which was suggested by the Sen-
ator from Indiana, if adopted, may lead to some
difficulty. The resolution, as it stands now, has
an allusion to the present Secretary, and appoints
Mr. Hickey acting Secretary. That would clearly
recognize the fact that the Secretary is to continue
and be entitled to all his salary, &c. That is the
intention. But if you stnke'out all allusion to
him, and simply appoint Mr. Hickeyacting Sec-
retary, it may lead to a question whether the
present Secretary lcmains. I merely suggest it.
If there is no doubt about it, it is quite as well,
and perhaps better,to have it so; but the desire is
not in any way to touch the present salary of the
Secretary as he now is. I would like, therefore,
that there should be some allusion in the resolu-
tion to the fact that we have a Secretary, in order
to save all question on that point.
Mr. BRIGHT. There is something due to a
faithful officer, who has been much longer here
than any member now in the body. My object
in su£gestin<* the changc was, so far as I could,
if it is the pleasure of the Senate to pass this res-
olution, to make it acceptable to that officer. It
is legarded as a blow leveled somewhat at him,
and will be so regarded by the woild. I think
myself the resolution had much better be post-
poned until the first Monday of next December.
I see no immediate necessity for acting upon it
now. There aie at most but a few days of the
session remaining, and there would be great pro-
priety, in my judgment, m postponing the reso-
lution until that time; but I shall not make that
motion unless the Senator from New Hampshire
will consent to it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Let it go over until to-
j morrow.
Mr. BRIGHT. Let the two resolutions go
together until the first Monday m December.
Mr. HALE. This resolution, of course, is not
an offering of my own mind. I am disposed to
do everything that is courteous and kind to the
Secretaiy; and, with the consent of the Senator
ftom I ndiana, I will let it lie over until to-morrow,
and then I will tfiveadefiniteanswer. [''Agreed."]
j Air. FOSTER. I ask that the resolution in
repaid to the Annals of Congress be taken up.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is a ques-
tion before the Senate on the postponement of
this resolution until to-morrow.
The motion to postpone was agreed to.
COMMITTEE OLTCRKS.
Mr. POWELL. I have a resolution to offer;
RaoUcd, That til" Secretary of the Senate he diroctotl
to p:n to the committee clerk-* ot the vSetiutc oi' the last
^e-^ioii ot the Thuty-Sivth Congress, excepting fho^-e of
}'mance.Claims,and ranting, the u^uai compensation loi
mm\ d;u--
Mr. HALE. Let that lie over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution
will ho over.
EXECUTIVE BUSINESS.
A'Ir. HALE. I move that the Senate proceed
to the consideration of executive business.
Mr. CLlNGMAN. I hope the Senator will
wi'hdrnw that motion, and allow the Senator
from Delaware to finish his speech. Pie gave
way yesterday, He had a right to £0 on and j
finish then; but he gave way yesterday for the j
motion to go into executive business; and I un-
derstand that he desires to finish his speech now.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Will it not be equally
agreeable to the Senator fiom Delaware to finish
his speech after we come out of executive session
as before we go in?
Mr. BAYARD. I certainly do not desire to
speak after the Senate comes out of executive
session, if it is to be prolonged; but at the same
time I do not wish 
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then I hope the Senator
from New Hampshire will withdraw his motion.
Mr. HALE. I withdraw it.
Air. BAYARD. I can speak to-morrow as
well as to-day. The executive session to-day
will not interfere with me. I desire that the Sen-
ate will use its own pleasure as to that. I can
speak to-morrow as well as to-day, and if they
consider that it is proper to go into executive ses-
sion now, I presume they will extend to me the
courtesy of being heard to-mono w. To me, it is
peifectly immaterial whether it is to-day or to-
morrow.
Air. HALE. I have withdrawn the motion.
REGISTER OF DEBATES.
Mr. FOSTER. 1 move that the resolution
which is on the table, in regard to the Annals of
Congress and the Register of Debates, be taken
up for the purpose of reference.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Connecticut moves to proceed to the consideia-
tion of the resolution submitted by the Senator
from Maryland, [Mr. Kennedy,] directing the
Secretary of the Senate to procure from the pub-
lishers, for the library of the Senate, twenty copies
of the Annals of Congress and Register of Debates s
and pay for the same out of the contingent fund
of the Senate, at a price not exceeding that here-
tofore paid for the same.
The motion to take up the resolution was
agreed to.
Mr. FOSTER.. I now move its reference to
the Committee to Audit and Control the Contin-
gent Expenses of the Senate.
The motion was agreed to.
FORTS IN TIIE SECEDING STATES.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senate had
under consideration, on going into executive ses-
sion yesterday, the resolution of the Senator from
Illinois, [Air. Douglas,] submitted on the 13th
instant, relative to forts, navy-yards, &c., on
which the Scnatorfrom Delaware, is entitled to the
floor.
Air. BAYARD. Mr. P resident, the import-
ance of the su bject and the condition of the coun-
try must be myapology to the Senate for the lime
I have consumed, and may yet consume, in the
expression of my opinions. Having discussed the
questions involved in the structure'and powers of
the Federal Government, and arrived at she con-
clusion that the act of secession by a State is a
revolutionary act, but when authorized by the
people thereof, that its effect is to subvert the
magistracy and the jurisdiction of the Federal
Government within the limits of the State, and to
suspend the operation of the Federal laws, the
alternative left necessarily is war against the State
as against any other nation, founded oil the brcach
of compact, or ail assent to her action and the
acknowledgment of her existence as a separate
nationality, I proceed now to the consideration
of the cause which X suppose has led to the with-
drawal of seven States from the Federal Union,
it is not a mere struggle of the ins and outs; it
is not that a President has been elected under the
provisions of the Constitution, and that the con-
sequence has been the loss of political cower by
the party which were opposed to him: nut the
cause will be found in the fact that .a sectional
party has triumphed, which has beet) organized
in one set of independent communities "of the
country, whose bond of union is the anti-slavery
sentiment, and whose leading idea is, that the
general language of the Declaration of Independ-
ence, that "ail men arc created equal,'" includes
the negro race; and, as a consequent, that the
Constitution is to he interpreted by that principle,
and that a free ne^ro born in rhe United States is
to be held to lie a citizen with equ..! rights and
privileges with the white man throughout all n.irts
ol the Union. This party was formed in lti54.
and after a struggle of six years it has obtained
