524
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 23,
amendment that I had the honor to offer was
adopted, it seemed to me very much like a job; it
had all the features of a job; and if I had wanted
a personal interest in the bill, I do not know that
I could have devised a better scheme than draw-
ing- up the bill just as it was drawn, by which 1
would name friends to whom all these grants were
to be made by Congress, and then give them the
power to let in such parties as they should pick
out. If I had a direct personal interest in getting
into a job of this kind, I think I should consider
that a very ingenious and satisfactory mode of
accomplishing the object. The bill looked to me
exactly that.way, and I therefore offered the
amendment which the Senate thought proper to
adopt. But now, since that amendment has been
adopted, of what earthly consequence is it if you
have any names in the bill at ali, or have them
all Democraticorall Republican? Everybody now
has a right to join the scheme. The only ques-
tion that will ever be asked of a man who wishes
to subscribe is, whether he has got the money to
put up; and hence I cannot for my life conceive
in what way this party question can come up.
But as the Senators from Illinois do seem to at-
tach importance to it, and there is something prob-
ably concealed under it which the rest of the Sen-
ate cannot see, and upon which I, for one, am
totally unable to vote without further investiga-
tion, I wish some gentleman skilled in the iuIcs
of the Senate would provide the means by which
we can have a full report on the subject before
being called on to vote, arming the committee, of
course, with full powers to get this important in-
formation, and spread it before us. For myself,
I shall have to dcclinc to vote. I do not under-
stand the subject sufficiently.'
Mr. DOUGLAS. I am satisfied the Senator
from Louisiana does not understand it; and not
xinderstanding it, it might have been proper for
linn to have remained silent, or to have come out
openly, instead of making insinuations. There
are other subjects that committees might as well
investigate as the one to which he refers. I scorn
the imputation that there is anything under this
beyond what has been stated in open Senau>; and
that is the design of stripping the bill of its party
-character. I scorn the imputation; and 1 would
scom myself, if 1 was base enough to make such
a one. 1 say it had the appearance of party; and
I wish to strip it of that appearance, by equaliz-
ing it. He says he cannot conceive how a man
could possibly feel any interest since his amend-
ment was adopted. 1 voted for his amendment,
to open it to the whole world, so that it should
not be 
Mr. BENJAMIN. The Senator from Illinois
certainly did not hear what I said, or his remarks
are very extraordinary.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
at< i from Illinois give way to the Senator from
Louisiana.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Ceitainly.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I said that, since the amend-
ment had been adopted, I could conceive of no
earthly motive for inquiiing into the names of
persons to be inserted m this bill. There nii^ht
bo an interest that no man could conceive, i said i
thai, pnor to the adoption of the amendment, I
could coneejve of some motive Senators might
have in looking into the names. I never said that,
since the bill has been changed in that respect,
any Senator possibly could have any dishonest
motive. I do not know whether the Senator un-
derstood me or not; but the line of his remarks ,
indicate either a misapjuehension or—I will not 1
-saw what, sii. 1 desiie to hear the Senator fur- '
ther before J say anything more.
Mr. DOUGLAS. We'll, sir, all I have to say
on (fiat point is, that I have avowed my purpose
to be to strip it of its partisan character. I drew
that inference from the face of the bill itself. I
had approached my colleague and asked him pri-
vately to correct it, so as not to have the matter
brought before the Senate. I thought that the
Senator from Louisiana intimated that there was
an infeicst somewhere 
Mr. BENJAMIN. Not so.
Mr. DOLTGLAS. Then, of course, I have
nothing to say on that point; but I supposed him !
to make the insinuation. I voted for the amend- i
merit of that Senator so that it should be impossi- '
bk for any Senator or man of wealth to have an i
inleiest which was not equally open to every man j
that chose to engage in it. I wish to strip this
bill of every provision that makes a job for any-
body, and strip it of every feature that makes it
a political machine, and put it into the hands of
railroad men to manage it upon railroad princi-
ples, and not with a view to politics, and then we
can have a Pacific railroad. I protest against
every partisan feature, everv private feature, that
makes a monopoly of it. Throw it open to all
the people of the united States, and I am satisfied.
I am willing now that the Senate shall vote on the
proposition to insert the two additional names of
corporators offered by the Senator from California
having the bill in charge—that will equalize it—
or to equalize it in any other way, for the sole
purpose of depriving it of politics. If my col-
league says that any one of the men offered is
objectionable, I wilJ waive him. This is all 1 have
to say.
The PRESIDING OFFICER put the question
on the amendment, and a division was called for.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I do not understand that
any objection was made to the motion of the Sen-
ator from California by anybody.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Will the Senator indulge me
an instant? A friend suggests to me that, after
the explanation of the Senator from Louisiana, I
owe it to him to say that the imputation which
I made was unwarranted. Having misappre-
hended the tenor of his remarks, a friend suggests
that that statement is due to him; and whatever
is due under the circumstances, of course 1 take
pleasure in tendering.
Mr. GW1N. Is the question on inserting the
names I offered ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That is the
question before the Senate.
Mr. X'OLK. I should like to know what the
names are.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment is to insert the names of Virgil Hickox and
C. L. Jligbee, of Illinois.
The question being taken, on a division, the
ayes weie thiiteen; and when the noes were
called for, several Senators said, "Give it up!"
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment is agreed to.
Mr. TRUMCULL. IIow can it be adopted by
thirteen votes?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair un-
derstood that the negative side gave it up.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I did not give it up.
Mr. DOUGLAS. My colleague will either give
it up or vote. 1 piotest against his right to sit m
his seat and destroy a quorum, and then say he
does not give it up.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is man-
ifestly a quorum present; but there were only
thirteen Senators voting. Those all voted in the
affirmative, and the (-hair understood from what
was said, that the negative side gave it up. Siill,
the amendment is not carried by a majority of a
quorum, and the question must be put again.
Mr. SIMMONS. Is theie a dispute about these
oth< r mimes?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will state that this is a
motion of the Senator from California, to add the
names of two party gentlemen to those already in
the bill, from the State of Illinois. I also made a
motion to add two other gentlemen, not, however,
as party men, but as very proper persons to go
into the bill. Tin* vote is now on the amendment
of the Senator from California, to add the names
of these two partisans to the bill. 1 think the bill
is well enough as it is. Theie are names enough
m it; and the names were inserted without any
party intent, as far as I know anything about it.
In fact, I did not know whose names were in it,
until I saw the bill, aftorit had been brought here
from the House of Representatives. I think it
would be just as well to leave the bill as it is; but
if these two names be put in, then I insist on two
others going m.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Mr. President 
Mr. GWIN. Will the Senator permit me? I
wish to ask the Senator from Illinois, on the other
side, docs he say that 1 propose these two names
as party men >
Mr. TRUMBULL. No, not that the Senator
from California proposes the amendment for that
reason; but the speech of my colleague shows the
object.
Mr. GWIN. I will say, in order to show that,
so far as I am concerned, my name ought not to
be brought into consideration in this matter, that
I consulted both the Senators from Illinois, and I
stated, when I offered the amendment, that they
had differed in opinion, and I left it to the Senate.
Mr. TRUM BULL. Undoubtedly the Senator
from California had no such design. I am speak-
ing merely of the effect of the speech 
Mr. DOUGLAS. I will try to harmonize this
matter. I will ask the Senator from California to
withdraw his motion to insert those names, and
substitute for it a motion to strike out the two
partisans named in the bill, to wit: John Went-
worth and N. B. Judd, leaving in two railroad
men for Illinois.
Mr. GWIN. I am rather afraid I shall get
into a scrape if I make any motion of that kind.
Mr. DOUGLAS. If the Senator withdraws
his amendment I will make it.
Mr. GWIN. I withdraw the amendment.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I move to strike out" John
Wentworth" and " N B.Judd," so that it will
stand then with two gentlemen from Illinois—Mr.
Hammond and Mr. Moore, to whom nobody
objects.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I trust that will not be
done.
Mr. LANE. I believe it is in order to move to
amend the amendment.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Oh, no.
Mr. LANE. I want to strike out another
name.
Mr. DOUGLAS. That can bo done after-
wards.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Illinois
to strike out the two names mentioned by him.
Mr. DOUGLAS. On that I ask for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. WILSON. I wish to make a suggestion
to the Senator from California, who takes so much
interest in this bill. As the Senate has adopted
an amendment that lets every man in the United
States into this enterprise who chooses to engage
in it, why is it necessary to put anybody's name
m the bill? The suggestion I want to make is
this: had not the Senate better order the vote put-
ting in those gentlemen from the State of New
Yoikto be reconsidered,drop this whole question,
and let the names stand as they came from the
House of Representatives in the bill?
Mr. DOUGLAS. No, sir; I am satisfied that
those names were packed for partisan purposes,
and I do not mean that this shall be a party ma-
chine.
Mr. BRAGG. I can give agood reason, I think,
to the Senator from Massachusetts, why some
names ought to go there, and why the names
ought to be those of proper persons. The reason,
which I gave to the Senate the other day sub-
stantially, and I beg to be excused for repeating
it, is this: the title to the property and the bonds
set aside by this bill for the building of the rail-
road does not vest until certain acts of incorpo-
ration are passed, and until the parties are incor-
porated; and, in the mean time, they go on and
select the lands on the whole line of the railroad,
locate the line, and report u to the President, and
when they become incorporated and build fifty
miles of railroad, then they got the right to the
bonds and the lands. So the Senator will see that
i it is very important to have proper persons named
' in the bill.
Mr. WILSON. Well, then, I think the Sen-
ator fiom Illinois had better not move to [strike
j out these names, but to add some other names.
Do not let i>s strike out names that the House of
Representatives have put in. However, I care
nothing about if, and shall not consume the time
of the Senate upon it.
Mr. DOUGLAS. If the other side of the
i House will add proper names to equalize it, so
as to deprive the measure of a party character, I
will agree to it.
Mr. GWIN. I have a word to say in reply to
what the Senator from Massachusetts state d. So
far as I am concerned, I have never suggested one
name in either House, and I only offered the
amendment at the suggestion of other Senators.
I should have taken the bill as it came fiom the
House of Representatives if I could get it; but at
the suggestion of Senators, I proposed to niseit
the names of men who it was supposed would be
eminently useful in starting this great enterprise.
