1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
525
I would adopt the suggestion of the Senator from
Massachusetts, if, in my judgment, it did not
probably interfere with and jeopardize the bill.
Mr. FlTCIi. There is some force in what the
Senator from Massachusetts says. We can well
insert additional names. The very object sought
for by the Senator from Illinois [Mr. Douglas]
would not be attained by striking out names. If
these gentlemen have entered into an association,
and understand each other, there is a clause of
the bill which permits them to let in other corpo-
rators; but they cannot vote out those whose
names we insert. That course, therefore, will be
the only one which will attain the object sought
by the Senator from Illinois.
Mr. WILSON. I would suggest, then, to the
Senator from Illinois, or to the Senators from Il-
linois, that they drop this matter, and that they
ariange such names as they can agree upon to go
into the bill, and present them hero, and we will
take whoever they want.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I have stated to the Senate,
and repeat again, that I have proposed to my col-
league that he and his Republican friends may
agree upon one name, two names, or three names,
as few or as many as they please, and submit
them to us, and if they are not objectionable we
will take them; and we, in turn, will submit names
to them, and they may reject any that are objec-
tionable; and they may either have one man that
is not obnoxious, or two, or three, as they please,
or none at all. I am willing to leave out the State
entirely. All I ask is that it shall be equalized or
all stricken out. I proposed this privately to my
colleague, because I did not want to bring it be-
fore the Senate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think there was great
force in what the Senator from Louisiana said a
few minutes ago. I thought his remarks were
very appropriate on this attempt to bring m con-
siderations of a party character upon a bill of this
kind; but now it is proposed here—and I am sorry
to see the Senator from Massachusetts proposing
it—that we enter into a bargain, one Democrat
and one Republican 
Mr. WILSON. I did not say so.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I want nothing to do with
such a thing. I wantgood men in this bill. Who
ever talked about the politics of these men until
my colleague dragged it in here? 1 am willing
that the bill should stay as it is. That is not sat-
isfactory to my colleague. He says some of these
men are party men. I disagree with lum as to
their being Republicans; but he wants to select
for us Republicans. We have got men in there
that lie says are Republicans. Strike out whom
you please; but if you want a selection of Re-
publicans, I suppose you are not going to select
for us, on the other side. I have told him if he
wants to strike out the name of Wentworlh, to
name his mail and put him m his place; and then
you will have ail equal number of Democrats and
Republicans.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I will try to agree on this:
1 now move to strike out both of the partisans in
the bill from Illinois, and then leave it a man on
each side.
Mr. SIMMONS. I wish to suggest the impro-
priety of having the yeas and nays on striking
out men's names, which were put in here pioba-
bly without any design,arid putting them on trial
he'ie and voting them out of an incorporation,
when they know nothing about it, and have no
chance to defend themselves. You propose to
select out here some men whose names have been
inserted ill this railroad bill as fit to attend to the
starting of the road, to try them, and turn them
out on the yeas and nays, when they are not here
to defend themselves. 1 think it is impioper; and
1 hope the Senator from Illinois will not pursue
it. I do not know the men.
Mr. DOUGLAS. If the Senator will help me
to vote in two men, so as to deprive it of its par-
tisan character, I shall be content. I do not want
to strike out any names; but this refusing to stnke
out partisans when the motion is made,and then
refusing to add men to balance it when that mo-
tion is made, and talking against paity, will not
do. Every man who will not go for equalizing
it, and thereby stripping it of its partisan charac-
ter, makes a record in favor ot a political machine
for this rjihoad. There is lio use in trying to
disnnse it. It is an attempt to make tins a polit-
ical machine, to prostitute the revenues of this
Government for party purposes in regard to the
Pacific railroad. You have either gotto equalize
it, or leave it with a party character.
Mr. SIMMONS. I never ran for a very high
office, and I do not know the politics of people all
over this country. I supposed this bill was made
up of railroad men and capitalists, in the House
of Representatives, to give character to the enter-
prise, and confidence to those who are to put it
m operation. I have got four names here that,
at the request of the Senator from California, I
was going to propose, so as to have somebody in
each State to give character and to start the thing.
That is all the reason I have for it. I hope, of
all things, that we shall not engage in this busi-
ness of picking out names and reflecting upon
men who have been selected, perhaps without
their knowledge, though I do no! know anything
about that. Why shall we make reflections upon
them bccause they happen to be on one side or
the other of politics ? I would not give a cent for
aman's politics in this bill. If this stock is to be
opened to every body, to be subscribed for all over
the country, how are you going to prevent men
of both parties from going into it? If they have
the money to pay, they will como in if they want
to do so. It is very unpleasant to talk about the
party politics of men whose names are in a bill
like this, and especially to have a vote about it,
and ail effort to dine them out of the concern,
when perhaps they have been written to to have
their names putm, without any particular desire
on their part; and all this because they do not
happen to suit somebody's politics. If they had
not been in, 1 should not have cared anything
about it; but I do not want to turn tliem out.
Mr. WILSON. I understand the motion to
be to strike out two names, on which the yeas
and nays have been ordered. I hope the Senator
from Illinois will not put it in that form, and that
we shall not strike out anybody's name, be Ins
party politics what they may; and if he wants
the yeas and nays upon the admission of the
names proposed by the Senator from California,
let the question be taken in that way. I will vote
for tilo admission of any respectable man ill
A merica, be his politics what they may, into this
bill, that any Senator desires to have inserted.
Now, a single word in regard to the advice I
gave, which is not taken: that the two Senators
from Illinois should arrange this matter. I do
not mean that they should arrange it on political
grounds; but that they might have some consult-
ation, and mention such names from Illinois as
they thought would contribute to the building of
this road;~ancl 1 will vote cheerfully for whoever
they propose.
Mr DOUGLAS. I wish the Senator to un-
derstand that 1 have made that proposition to my
colleague two or three times before the bill came
up, aiid urged him to agree to some mode of
arranging it so as to avo'id a controversy ill the
Senate. " tie would not do it.
The question being taken, by yeas and nays,
upon the amendment of Mr. Douglas to strike
out the names of John Wentworth and N. B.
Judd, the result was—yeas 20, nays 2o; as fol-
lows:
YEAR—Messrs. Tiigler, Brag",Clinsnian, Doii«!as,Fitch,
Green, Hemphill, Hunter, lverson, Johnson of Aikamas,
Johnson ol Tennessee, Kennedy, Lime, Ij.u1i.iiu, Nichol-
son, lVarce. Polk, Powell, Slideli, and Wisfiill—20.
NAYri—Messis. Anthony, Bingham, Bright. Cameion,
Chandler, Ol.irk, Collanier, l)oo!ittle, llurkee, Fes^enden,
Fool, Fosier, Grimes. Hale, Harlan, Kini;,Momll, Rewind,
Simmon'., Sumner. Ten Eyck, Tiumbull, Wade, Wilkin-
son, and Wilson—25.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. DOUGI.AS. I now renew the amendment
oftheSenator from California,to insert the names
of Virgil Hickox and C. L. Iligbee, of Illinois,
to see whether the Senate is willing to equalize the
matter by tins addition.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am very sorry to take
up any more time in regard to this matter; but I
tiust ihose names will not be inserted, after the
scene we have had in the Senate to-day. No-
body thought of making a party bill out of this
that I am aware of, until my colleague dragged it
inhere; and I lliink, when names are brought in for
the purpose ofhavmgone Democrat and one Re-
publican on each side, we had better discounte-
! nance the whole thing, and leave the bill as it
j came from the House of Representatives in that
i respect. 1 trust these names will not be inserted.
Mr. BENJAMIN, Will the Senator permit
me to ask him a question ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Certainly.
Mr. BENJAMIN. It is, whether he has any
objection to these names ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. None to the individuals
as men; but if you put these in, I must propose
to insert others. I think we had better leave the
bill as it is.
Mr. FITCH. I think the remarks of the Sen-
ator from Illinois [Mr. Trumbull] are of a very
refreshingly disinterested character, politically.
He objects to the proposition of his colleague to
insert two other names, because, as he alleges,
they are partisan politicians; in other words, be-
cause they are opposed to himself; when a perusal
of the names already in the bill will satisfy any
gentleman that partisan politics has had an over-
whelming influence in the selection of these names
from beginning to end.
Mr. GRIMES. Will the Senator tell me the
politics of any one of the four from the State of
Iowa?
Mr. PITCH. I do not pretend to know any-
thing about Iowa; but I presume, if the Senator
himself was consulted, he took good care to in-
sert staunch Republicans.
Mr. GRIMES. The Senator from Iowa was
not consulted, nor any man in the Senate, so far
as he knows, in regard to the Iowa names which
are in the bill. 1 know the present politics of
only one of the men; and he is a Democrat.
Mr. FITCH. So far as those ill Indiana are
concerned, they are all Republicans; and yet 1
recognize the propriety of the names of three of
them being there, because they are railroad men,
and I believe them to be very fair men. I hardly
think they would permit their partisan politics to
control their action in the managementof this con-
cern. There is another who is certainly not the
man for the placc, unless he is put there as a par-
tisan politician. If the motion of the Senator from
Illinois is carried, I shall move to strike out liis
name and insert another.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Is it in order to move to
amend the amendment by addmgtwo names more?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
thinks not. He thinks it is in order to move the
addition of any other names as an amendment to
the bill, but not by way of amendment to the
amendment.
Mr. TRUMBULL.. If the vote can be taken
upon these two names, may it not be taken upon
half a dozen ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It may be.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then I move to amend
the amendment by adding the names of William
B. Ogdeii and Henry Farnham—the names I men-
tioned before.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I ask whether you can go
on indefinitely adding names in that way. If so,
I can keep on adding names to those jiroposed by
my colleague, and so on. Certainly, if his amend-
ment is ill order, we can amend that by adding
other names. The vote must be taken, it seems
to me, on adding the two names which I have pro-
posed, and then on the two names proposed by
him. You cannot vote on the four at once. The
question now is, whether the two names proposed
by me shall be inserted.
Mr. DOOL1TTLE. I want to inquire of the
Senator from Illinois, [Mr. Douglas,] whether
the two men ho has named are railroad men, cap-
italists in Illinois? 1 donotknow the men myself;
but the other two names, suggested by his col-
league, I do know.
Mr. DOUGLAS. They are both very respect-
able gentlemen. They are not obnoxious, like
the two I move to strike out, but very respecta-
ble gentlemen; and if my colleague had proposed
to insert the.two named by him, I should agree
to it at once. The only point is, that I object,
not to the men themselves, but to the attempt to
give this measure a partisan character as far as
Illinois is o.nneerncd. I have reason to believe
that they were putin, and selected, and conned
over for that express purpose; and I cannot con-
ceive why there is such pertinacity in my col-
league's adherence to them unless it is for a party
purpose. ,
Mr. TRUMBULL. I know my colleague s
persistency, determined to have the last word,
and to state things m a way that creates a wiong
impression upon the country. He has been tolu
