526
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 23,
repeatedly to-day, and I tell him now again for
the last time, that if he desires to have two Dem-
ocrats there and two Republicans, he may take
outa man thai he says is a Republican, and equal-
ize it; and let him hold his peace about, partisan
feeling if he is not willing to do it. He can make
them equal, two and two, at any moment he de-
sires to do so. He can put either of his men in
place of Mr. Wentworth, so far as I am con-
cerned, and I have told him so half a dozen times.
Then it is not to equalize; that is not what you
want; put it upon some other ground. If you
want to make them equal, you can make them
equal so far as I am concerned at any moment.
But he wants to add two persons. 1 make no ob-
jection to Mr. Hickox, or Mr. Higbee, as gen-
tlemen, but neither of them is a capitalist. They
are both politicians. One of them used to have
some connection with a railroad, I believe as a
sortof freightagent; but they are respectable men,
and I have no objection to them as individuals.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I do not wish to move to
strike out; J was willing to leave in the names
that were in the bill, and to add a sufficient num-
ber to equalize them between the two parties. If
my colleague now will move to strike out any
one, or will designate which one of the Republi-
cans maybe stricken out, then, if that wiil satisfy
him, I will move to strike him out, and put a
Democrat in his place. Let him designate the
man of the three who shall be stricken out, and I
will make the motion.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have told you repeat-
edly that you might strike out Mr. Wentworth,
if you wished.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Then I withdraw the pre-
vious amendment; and move to strike out" John
Wentworth,'' and insert " Virgil Hickox."
Tiie question bein# put on the amendment, a
division was called for.
Mr. GREEN I want to know if the question
is not divisible, so as to give Wentworth prior-
ity ? 1 believe the rule is, in filling blanks, that
the question shall first be taken on the " longest
time," or the uiost distant day. Wentwoith cei-
tainly is the " longest man." [Laughter.] •
Mr. DOUGLAS. I supposed that this would
be taken as a compromise, in which all would
acquiesce. I want to put an end to the contro-
versy.
Mr. HALE. 1 have not been in during the
whole of this debate; but it strikes me that this
is the smallest light I ever knew in the Senate
over a great measure. It. looks to me to be in-
vidious to strike out Mr. Wentworth's name—to
single him out. Now, I know nothing about who
these gentlemen are, and I do not care; but it
seems to mo to be lather a small business for the
Senate of the United States to single out one of
these gentlemen, and strike out his name from
the bill. Jt would seem to imply that there was
.something about him that was so infamous that
lie was not fit, to Ixj named in an act of incorpo-
ration. Theieforo I shall vote in the negative.
Mr. GREEN. 1 should like to know, if it
would be invidious to single them out, how they
ever got sm«loU in. [Laughter.] Who did it?
Mr. HALE. Well, Mr. Piesident, 1 do not,
know. I plead not guilty to anything about it.
Mr. GREEN, lacquithim; the Senator is not
guilty; but 1 say if we have to nilirm them by
voting for them, we have a right to pass them out
by voting against them, and wo ought to pass our
judgment upon it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment to strike out the name of
k< John Wentworth, "and insert the name of'" Vir-
gil Hickox."
I he question being taken, there were, on a
division—ayes 22, noes 11.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Thcie is not
a quorum voting.
Mr. HALE. That brings up the old question
of what is a quorum.
Mr. RICE. Count me.
Mr. LATHAM. There are three or four more
standing up now.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There arc now
thirteen Senators voting in the negative.
Mr. GREEN and others. That makes a quo-
rum. !
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment is agreed to.
Mr. LATHAM. I want to have a name in-
serted. In looking over the list I find that the
State of Arkansas has no representative what-
ever. There is one branch of the road terminat-
ing on the western border of that State; and I
wish to present the name of Albert Pike. I do
not know what his politics aro; but I know that
he is a gentleman of great intelligence, and large
views.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. If the Senator
will allow me, I shall object to that on this ground:
I am very certain that Arkansas does not desire
such a provision, and the man himself would
object to it.
Mr. LATHAM. X never consulted him. I
only suggested his name. Of course, if the rep-
resentative from that State objects, I withdraw it.
Mr. WILSON. I should like to propose five
names of eminent men fit for the place, in my
State. I move to insert in line fifteen of the first
section, after "John Bartram," the following:
John M. Forbes, Chester W. Chapin, Gennery Twitchell,
E. I-Jasket Dei by, and Samuel Hooper.
Mr. LANE. I am for that amendment, and
will vote for it; but I want also to give notice that
I shall move to amend the bill by striking out the
name of B. P. Harding, of Oregon, and inserting
J. H. Reed, who is a practical man, has much
experience, and will add very much, I think, to
the success of the measure.
The amendment of Mr. Wilson was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have five names from
Maine to insert; all very good men:
St. John Smith, Joseph Eaton, Samuel T. Ilersey, Wil-
liam Moulton. Itufus Dvvinel.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HALE. I propose to add the names of
George Stark and Joseph A. Gilmore, of New
Hampshire. They are two of the most practical
railroad men in the United States. One of them
is a Republican and the other is a Democrat.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FOOT. I propose the following three
names from the State of Vermont: " H. Henry
Baxter, George W. Ct>llamer,und HenryICeyes;"
all gentlemen of character and capital, and all con-
nected with the railroad entei prise of the country.
Mr. FITCH. Is it in order to offer a substi-
tute for the amendment? If so, I propose that
every Senator be permitted to go to the Clerk's
desk and insert whatever names he sees proper.
[Laughter.] That will facilitate the passage of
the measure, perhaps.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
thinks that motion, as a substitute, would not be
in order.
Mr. FITCH. Then strike out all the namcR,
and insert the Congressional Directory. [Laugh-
ter. }
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
thinks that motion would not be m order.
The amendment of Mr. Foot was agreed to.
Mr. SIMMONS. At the request of the friends
of this bill, a.s there are no names in it from Rhode
Island, 1 move to insert four names that I think
will be known without my telling about them. I
propose to insert in line fifteen:
From Jihoile Island.—John Brown, Alexander
Duncan, William Spingue, and Kail I'. Mason.
As to one them, I do not know his politics ex-
actly; but I know what he used to be. One is
Governor of the State; another one was at the
head of the Democratic ticket for electors last
time. They have got as much money as anybody
I know in our State.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CHANDLER. I should like to add the
names now of a few practical men; a few railroad
men; a few men accustomed to build and who
have built more raihoads than the same number
of men in the United States. I do notknow their
politics, and I do not care. I oft'ei the following
list. *
Mr. GREEN. Would it be in order to move
to amend the amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Not until it is
read.
The Secretary read the amendment, as follows:
J. \V. Biooks of Michigan, Ei.isum Cornm«* of New
Yoi k, Azanah Hoody of Now York. S. M.Feltonof Penn-
sylvania, tidvvairf L. Bjikoi ofMas&aclmsctt^John F.Wiu -
!ow of New Yosk, J. g. Baibour of Virginia, John A.
Giaham ot Maryland, and James F. Jo> of Michigan.
Mr. GREEN. If it were in order to move an
amendment to the amendment, I would move one;
but as it is not, I shall make a suggestion. It
seems to be the desire of Senators here to get ex-
perienced railroad men. I will merely suggest—
I will not move it—the names of two thorough
railroadmen—John Brown, jr., and Wendell Phil-
lips—I mean experienced in the underground rail-
road. [Laughter.]
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Michi-
gan.
Mr. BIGLER. I hope that proposition will be
defeated. I want to terminate this. We have
had enough of it.
Mr. GRIMES. I desire to say to the Senator
from Michigan that some of the persons named
in his amendment are not residents of the State
of Michigan, although they purport to be in the
amendment, as I heard it read.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is so
much disturbance on the floor of the Senate that
business cannot proceed.
Mr. GRIMES. I merely wish to say that the
proposition of the Senator from Michigan em-
braces the directors of the Michigan Central rail-
road, I believe.
Mr. CHANDLER. One of them.
Mr. GRIMES. More than that. Mr. Corn-
ing is; Mr. Baker is; Mr. Joy is; Mr. Brooks is;
and I think that nearly, if not all, are directors of
the Michigan Central Railroad Company. Per-
haps the gentleman would accomplish his object
by inserting at the end of it, u and the other cor-
porators in the Michigan Central railroad;" so
as to let tlieni all go in—directors and stockholders
both.
Mr. RICE. I move that the Senate adjourn.
The question being taken, there were, on a
division—ayrs 15, noes 11; no quorum voting.
Mr. LATHAM. I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 21, nays 19; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Bingham, Bragg, Blight, Chandler,
Clark, Doolittie, Fessenden, Foot, Gntnes, Harlan, john-
son ot Tennessee. Kennedy, Km?, Mnson, Moirill, Nich-
olson, Pearce, Powell, Itice, Sumner, and Trumbull—21.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Biglet, Cameron, Chngman,
OolUimer, Dixon, Douglas, Fitch, Foster,Gwin, Hemphill,
Lano, Latham, Sewaid, Simmons, Ten Eyek, Wade, Wil-
kinson, and Wilson—19.
So the motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesiuy, January 23,1861.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. Mr. Butler, of the English Lutheran
Church, of this city.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved
MESSAGE FROM TIIE PRESIDENT.
A message was received from the President of
the United States, by Mr. Glossbrexner, his
Private Secretary, informing the House that he
had approved and signed the following bills:
An act (II. R. No. 447) for the relief of the
children of the late Captain E. A. Capron;
An act (H. R. No. 127) for the reliefof 0. F. D.
Fairbanks, Frederick Dodge, and the Pacific Mail
Steamship Company; and
An act (LI. R, No. 423) directing the Secretary
of the Interior to liquidate the accounts of Mitch-
ell <fe Ramrrullsburg and Baker & Yon Pliul.
CKISIS MEMORIALS.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. 1 ask the unanimous
consent of the House to present the proceedings
of a meeting of the citizens of Vigo county, In-
diana, without distinction of party, held at the
city of Terre Ilaute, on Saturday last, for the
purpose of considering, and giving expression to
their views, in reference to the present perilous
condition of the country. This meeting was com-
posed of the solid.substantial men of the county,
and of all political parties, the names of some of
whom are familiar to many gentlemen on this
floor. They recommend, unanimously, the adop-
tion of the report of the border States committee,
or some other fair and just plan for the settlement
of the present agitating question.
There being no objection, the proceedings were
received, laid on the table, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana, also asked leave to
present the proceedings of a similar ineetingheld
