1486
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 21,
States by those who are opposed to slavery; we
are toid that we must yield to the views and sen-
timents of the anti-slavery party, and that if we
do not yield to what are called its beneficent
demands, free labor will, in its invasion, effect
the extinguishment of slavery by violence. The
reason assigned is* that the interest of the white
race demands the ultimate emancipation of all
men. Can it be doubted, therefore, taking the
platform of this party, taking the declarations of
one of its most intelligent leaders, that its gen-
eral purpose is the extinction of slavery m tne
United States, while denying any intention to
violate any clause in the Constitution, according
to the construction they may give to that Consti-
tution?
I cannot hesitate as to the correctness of the
opinion I have formed, that it is the purpose of
the Republican party, not merely to prohibit sla-
very in existing or future Territories of the Uni-
ted States, but also by any action which it believes
to be withm the constitutional authority of the
Federal Government, to exert the powers of that
Government with a view to the ultimate extinc-
tion of slavery throughout the Union. It is with
the Republican party but a question of time. Its
action will be bolder and more direct when Abo-
lition arrives at its fourth century; and its centu-
ries have been short hitherto.
Sir, if the extinction of slavery be the general
purpose of the party, without regard to the variant
opinions of individuals as to the precise mode of
action to be pursued, is there any doubt as to the
power to effect that purpose by indirect action;
by construction of the Constitution? Sir, you
may make a constitution what you please by con-
struction. There are controverted questions as
to the intent of many provisions in the Constitu-
tion. It has been affirmed and denied that Con-
gress has the power to abolish shivery in the Dis-
trict ofCoIumbni. If the antagonism and hostility
to the institution exist, do you suppose the dom-
inant party will not exert the power? Can any
rational man beneve such will not be the result?
It has been controverted whether the General
Government has the power to interfere with the
transit of slave.-! from one slave Slate to another
by water as well as by land. It may be well
feared tlnu a party in power, if founded upon the
sentiment of hostility fo the institution of slavei y,
may uvuliiy advance to that position, if then-
power is continued. There are also other modes
of attacking shivery indirectly- by a hostile dom-
inant pariy through the executive power of the
Federal Government.
Mr- Pi t'snieni, theie is a still guvitor danger to
the existence of slavery in any State which may
arise from the probable action of the Republican
party. The Supieme Court of the United States
have decided that the Constitution recognizes sla-
very; that Congress has neither power to prohibit
nor establish it, but is bound to the extent of its
jurisdiction to protect slave property as it does
any other species of property which is recognized
as propeity in the States existing under a common
Government. Surely, Mr. President, a right of
property must have been recognized by a com-
mon Government, which, at the time when the
Constitution was formed, existed in twelve of the
thirteen States which adopted it; and though sla- j
very had been abohslud a few years previously
by one State, the right of property as existing in j
others was recognized even in that State, without j
reference to the provision of the Federal Consti- j
tution (for none such existed in the old Aiticles :
of Confedeiation) which required the restoration j
of a fugitive Irom labor. Do not the Republican [
party deny, as a party, that the Constitution rec- j
ognizes slavery ; The President has told you that !
the decision of the Supreme Court decides the !
particular ease, but does not establish the princi- !
pie The Secretary of State has told you that the j
court is to be reformed, and Us decisions reversed. t
Could not evidence on evidence be accumulated i
to show that the paitv creed of the Republican 1
paity denies that the Constitution of tin United :
States recognizes slavery as an existing institu- |
tion in this country2 Is it not true that the com- j
mon dogma of that parry is, that frtalom is na- 1
ttonal at d slavery kKai, founded, a:: 1 believe, on
a perversion <>r e:;n nsa>a of the Jlctar.i of Lord ,
Maiistieid in the famous Sornrnerset case5 The
result of this dogma of the Republican party is
the doctrine that slavery can exist only by posi-
tive law, and ceases when it gets beyond the ju-
risdiction of that positive law. Sir, in my judg-
ment, that doctrine tends to render slave property
in any portion of this Union utterly valueless, if
carried out in practice. I will state some instances
in which its operation must necessarily be destruc-
tive to the right of property in slaves.
The doctrine that slavery only exists by posi-
tive law means, that when the slave is carried
beyond the jurisdiction of a State which sanctions
and authorizes slavery by its positive law, he be-
comes entitled to his freedom. If, then, the Fed-
eral Government does not recognize the right of
property in slaves, what becomcs of the property
in a slave when,under the Federal flag, the vessel
is more than a marine league from the shore ?
There is no State jurisdiction, there is no author-
ity to keep him in a state of bondage, if the prin-
ciple be sound that the moment he gets beyond
the jurisdiction of a State which sanctions sla-
very, he is entitled to his freedom, unless the
Federal Government recognizes the right of prop-
erty in slaves. If the vessel were forced, by stress
of weather, to enter the port of a foreign Power,
and the slaves were declared free, the Federal
Government could make no demand upon the for-
eign Government for compensation to the owner,
if it does not recognize the right of property; and
cases such as the Enterprise, the Comet, and the
Creole, would be entirely abandoned by an Ad-
ministration holding this dogma of the Republi-
can party, that freedom is national and slavery
local, and that the Federal Government does not
recognize property in slaves. In two of those
cases, where the vessel was driven into harbor by
stress of weather, the British Government at first
resisted the claim for compensation, but subse-
quently paid the value of the slaves to the claim-
ants. In the third, the Creole, they refused,
notwithstanding the forcible argument of Mr.
Webster, under the law of nations, in favor of the
claimant; but, ultimately, under the convention
with Great Britain, when the case came before a
commission, the umpire decided in favor of the
American claimant, and the sum awarded as the
value of the slaves was paid to him.
These cases illustrate the condition of slave
property on the high seas; and the inference is
inevitable, that the doctrine of the Republican
party, which denies that the right of property m
slaves is lecogmzed by the Constitution, would
prevent a Republican Piesident from making any
demand for compensation in similar enses. But
a further danger arises from this doctrine on the
coterminous streams of the country, on the great
Mississippi, the Missouii, and the Ohio.
If n slaveholder embarks his slaves on board a
steamer for transportation from Kentucky or
Missouri to another sKvehoiding Stjite, and the
steamer should, for the purpose of wood or water,
or to land passengers, touch the shores of a State
whose laws do not recognize slavery—and no one
doubts that such State has ihe right to determine
whether slavery shall exist within its boundaries
and exclusive jurisdiction—under this dogma, the
slaves become fine; nay, if the Jllum aqu(& is
crossed, the slaveholding States having no juris-
diction beyond the middle of the stream, except
the reser\ed rights of Virginia on the Ohio under
her grant, (he s.une result will follow.
Tin re is no escape from the consequences of
the doctrine, if it he sound law that slavery is
local, and that the right of property m slaves is
not recognized by the Federal Constitution, that
the property cannot be lawfully held beyond the
jurisdiction of the States in which slavery exists
by positi\e law.
Yet, sir. I understand such to be the general
opinion of the Republican party. I do not say
that all Republicans hold such opinions. There
may be very varied opinions on tins subject held
by different individuals; but 1 speak of the party
sentiment; and I take it for granted that 1 have
correctly stated the party creed from the fact that
every attempt made in the last Congress, or in the
peace conference, for thrt purpose or obtaining the
express recognition of tliat right of property by
the General Government—not giving it the author-
uy to establish or prohibit slavery anywhere—
a recognition which i« implied of neces<3!fy from
irs st! u.'Lure, and its i-xistene" as a common Gov-
ernment: ov; r m my  Stl!u s m which slavery ex-
ists, was voted down by the almost unanimous,
if not entirely unanimous, Republican vote, I
hold, therefore, that the non-recognition of slave
property by the General Government is not merely
the opinion of individuals, but is the creed of the
Republican party: and as the creed of the party,
I can readily see how, without any attempt to in-
terfere with slavery in the States by legislation,
without any attempt to abolish slavery in the
States, you may render slave property so preca-
rious as regards its tenure, that it would become
valueless to its owners. In an argument made
in the House of Representatives by a leading
member of the Republican party, (1 think, Mr.
Stanton, of Ohio,) made, too, with the evident
desire to expound correctly the Federal Constitu-
tion, he presented this singular view: he was per-
fectly willing to carry out the express provision
of the Constitution which required that fugitive
slaves should be surrendered, and provide by law
for that purpose; but in no other respect, and in
no other mode, did the Constitution, in his con-
struction of it, recognize the right of property in
slaves. The construction seems both singular
and untenable, as the clause in the Federal Con-
stitution which authorizes the reclamation of fugi-
tive slaves is nothing more than an extraordinary
remedy given to secure a recognized right of
property, arising from the peculiar nature and
character of the property; and unless the right of
property were recognized, of course the remedy
never would have been given. It is an unavoid-
able inference, from the insertion of such a clause,
that the Federal Government must have recog-
nized the lawfulness of property in slaves, or it
never would have provided special means of re~
covcry which apply to no other property what-
ever.
Mr. President, there are also many other dan-
gers to slave property, rendering the destruction
of the institution of slavery inevitable m all the
States, which arise from the doctrine of the equality
of races—a doctrine which necessarily disrupts
this Union, if carried out practically. Suppose
that any congressional district in this country,
in which the doctriue of the equality of races and
the consequent citizenship of a free negio obtains,
were to elect a free negro as a member of the Con-
gross of the United States: could a majority, ac-
knowledging such a principle, refuse him a seat
upon the floor of the other House? Does any
gentleman suppose that, the moment that seat was
adjudged to him, a single Representative from a
slavcholding State would remain in his place as
member of that Congress? Yetitisaresult which
any particular constituency may force upon you,
if the doctrine be true. Other cases might be cited,
in which the practical assertion of the piinciple
would necessarily lead to a disruption of the Union;
and as the abolition and anti-slavery sentiment
progresses, you must expect their occurrence.
But it has been said that slavery is the mere
creature of positive law. All property is the crea-
ture of positive law. The true doctrine is, that
though slavery exists by virtue of local law, as
all property must, it was and is recognized by
the law of nations, and exists under the usage
and sanction of the law of nations; and that, being
property, it is entitled to protection, unless vol-
untarily taken within the jurisdiction of a State
or nation whose positive law, written or unwrit-
ten,prohibits the relation. I shall not trouble the
Senate with an argument on this question, but
barely refer to those authorities which I suppose
to vindicate the position I assume in relation to
the right of property in a slave as existing under
the Inw of nations. These arc: the decision of
Lord Stowell, (one of the ablest jurists and most
commanding authorities on all quest ions connected
with the law of nations that can be found m the
history of jurisprudence,) in the case of the Louis,
in Dodson; the decision of the Supreme Court
of the United States, sanctioning thatadjudi cation,
and adopting its principles m the case of the Ante-
lope; and the decision of the Court of King's
Bench in the case of Madrazo against Wilks, to
be found, if my recollection is right, m 3 Barne-
wall and A'derson. Lord Mansfield himself ex-
plained, m 4 Douglass, that the extravagant dictum
which is imputed to him m the case of Sommer-
sef, does not sustain the principle in support of
w'neh H nas been so often relied upon. He held,
in tho case in 4 Douglas, that, where a negro came
to Fnglnnd es a slave,and lived with his master,
if ail action were brought for the value of the ser-
vice, though the service might be rendered, he
