1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
527
in Sullivan, Sullivan county, Indiana, without
distinction of party, composed of the most intel-
ligent and substantial citizens. They recommend
the adoption by Congress of the Crittenden prop-
osition, or some similar and just plan, as a final
settlement of the present alarming question.
The resolutions were laid on the table, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. ANDERSON, of Missouri. I wish to pro-
sent to the House a memorial signed by a num-
ber of citizens of Hannibal, Missouri, formerly
residents of New England, praying the adoption
of the Crittenden propositions by Congress, ne-
cessary to the peace of the country.
Mr. GROW. Yesterday I gave notice that I
would object to the presentation, m open House,
of any more of these petitions. The rules pro-
vide that all such papers shall be filed, under the
rule.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection, the
memorial will be received, and laid on the table.
Mr. GROW. I must object.
Mr. ANDERSON, of Missouri. This is the
petition of a number of respectable citizens. I
liope there will be no objection to its being re-
ceived.
Mr. GROW. I have no special objection to
this paper. I only object in pursuance of the gen-
eral notice I gave yesterday.
CORRECTION OF THE JOURNAL.
Mr. BURCH. I rise to ask that a correction
may be made in the Journal of yesterday. The
Journal reads that I moved to strike out of the
resolutions before the House* reported by the
committee of thirty-three, all after the woid " re-
solved." My amendment was by way of addition.
I moved to strike out nothing. I move that the
Journal be corrected accordingly.
The motion was agreed to.
COMPROMISE PROPOSITION.
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker,
I desire to £ive notice that I will, at the propei
time, move, as an amendment to the report of the
select committee of thirty-three, what I send to
the Clerk's desk. I ask now that it be ordered to
be printed.
The amendment is as follows:
Resolved hy the Senate and House of Representative?,
(two thiuls of both House* concuiriug,) That the following
aiticic be, and h heieby, proposed and•>ubuiiu«d as an
amendment to tho Constitution of the United States, which
shall be valid 1 o all interna and purposes, as part of said
Constitution, when latified hy conventions 01 three lourths?
of the several States.
Art. —. Neither Congress nor a Teriitonal Legislature
shah make any law lespeetnig slaveiy or involuntary ser-
vitude, cxcept a puut hm"nt for crime; but Congiesh
may pass la\v  foi the t-uppie^ion of the African slave tiade,
and the rendition oHugittves fiom hcivice or labor in the
States.
Mr. BURNETT. It is not in order to move to
print a proposition that is not before the House.
The SPEAKER. It is not; but the gentleman
from Pennsylvania asks unanimous consent to
have it printed.
There was no objection; and the proposed
amendment was ordered to be printed.
COURT-ROOM IN WESTERN PENNSYLVANIA.
Mr. HALE. I ask the unanimous consent of
the House for leave to discharge the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union from the
further consideration of House bill No. 505,
making an appropriation of $10,000 for court-
room and marshal's office for the district court
of the United States for the western district of
Pennsylvania, in order that it may be put on its
passage.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. I object,
and call for the regular order of business.
TELEGRAPH TO CALIFORNIA.
The SPEAKER. The first question before
the House is the unfinished business of yesterday,
which is House bill No. 891, supplementary to
" An act to facilitate communication between the
Atlantic and Pacific States by electric telegraph,"
reported back from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
Mr. BURNETT. I hope the gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Colfax] will not insist on consid-
ering this bill at this time. I desire to submit
some reason m opposition, but I am not phys-
ically m condition to do so this morning.
Mr. COLFAX. I am willing to enter any
motion which will give the gentleman from Ken-
tucky the privilege he asks.
Mr. ELY. Say to-morrow morning.
The SPEAKER. It will come up in its regu-
lar order as the unfinished business, without any
motion.
Mr. COLFAX. Very well, then; letit go over.
The bill was then informally passed over.
POST ROUTE BILL.
Mr. COLFAX. I now call up the amendments
of the Senate to House bill No. 714, establishing
certain post routes.
Mr. Speaker, these are amendments offered by
the Senate which are merely for the establishment
of post routes, and I presume it is needless to have
them read. Most of them are for post routes in
the frontier States. The amendment of the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads to those
amendments is of the same character. They are
not for any overland service, but entirely for in-
terior post routes, and routes local in their char-
acter. I move that those amendments be con-
curred in, together with the amendment of the
House.
There was no objection, and it was ordered
accordingly.
Second amendment of the Senate:
Src. 2. Jlnd be it further enacted t That the Postmaster
Genetal shall bo, and he is hereby, authouyed to procure
and furm>h letter sheets with postage stamps impressed
tlieieon, (combining in one both a &heet and envelope,)
am] to adept such othoi impiovcmcnt-. as may bo deemed
advisable, iioni time to time, m connection with postage
stamps or stamped envelopes for letteis or newspaper,
subject to the provision that such stamps or envelope*shall
bo bold at the eo.-t ot proem ing and limns tuny; the same, as
near ab may be, and to all other piovis-ions of the eighth
section of an act of Congiess entitled a An act to establish
ceitain post roads, and lor other purposes?," approved
August ol, lt\Vi2.
Mr. COLFAX. That amendment of the Sen-
ate authorizes the Postmaster General to estab-
lish a new system of envelope, by which hitter
sheets shall have a postage stamp impressed upon
them. It is desired by commercial men in com-
mercial cities, and is recommended by the Post-
master General and the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
The amendment was concurred in.
Third amendment of the Senate:
Skc. 3. And be it further enacted, That the penalty of
fifty dollars!, provided hy section eight of an act of Oon-
gie?<s entitled "An act to establish ceitain post loads, and
loi other puiposes,'1 apptoved M.ucii J, lH'j.i, shdil apply
well to the using of a st.imp < ut hum a stamped letter
or newspaper envelope, as to the reuse of the envelope
entire.
Mr. COLFAX. This is to correct an omission
in the present law, and its necessity i*s obvious.
The amendment was concurred in.
Fourth amendment of the Senate:
Sec. 4. Jlnd be it, further cnaited, That the fourth sec-
tion of the act ot Congie-*, appioved f>th August, 1851, en
titled An act making appropnatininlorthoservicc; of the
Post Otfiee Depaitment dunng the fiscal year ending the
30th June, 18.15," be, and the same is. hereby, continued
horn the 5th day of Augu-t, J85S. to the 5th day of August,
I860.
Mr. COLFAX. That relates to the clerks in
the Washington City post office. I send up the
lettei of the chief clerk in that office, which will
afford a full explanation.
The Clerk read, as follows: .
Post Oifioe, Washington', D. C.,
December 10, I860.
Sir : The object of the provision's of the act ot Congress,
apptoved 5th August, 1854. so fai as the gianting thi«oflice
a mill a pound on public documents transmitted through
the mail, was to put the eleiks of thh> oriiee on a footing,
as to sahiies, ofrlciks in tho other Depaitment* of the Gov-
ernment. The section making tin-; provision was made by
the suggestion of the lute Mi. Rusk, of the Senate, then
ehaiiman of the Committee on f*o-t (load* in that foody, it
was continued from year to yeai by subsequent enactments,
and only failed in 1858 in the omission to pass the Post Of-
fice bill, and ia-t year, us you aie aware, tbi want of tune.
Very leapectfully, your obedient seivant,
J,. TKJ3JG.
Hon. Schuyler Colfax.
Mr. COLFAX. This refers to an amendment j
adopted in 1854, on motion of the late Senator j
Rusk, then chairman of the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads of the Senate. It was
enacted in consequence of the enormous quantity
of documents mailed in this city, and the large
number of clerks required over and above the usual
number of a post office of this size, that the post-
master should be allowed one mill per pound on
that matter to pay these clerks. That amendment
was continued over until two years ago, when
the Post Office appropriation bill failed. Subse-.
quently that bill was passed "naked," as it is
called, and without any of these provisions, or
any others of a legislative character.
The amendment was concurred in.
Fifth amendment of the Senate:
Sec. 5. And be %t further enacted. That the joint resolu-
tion of Congre&s of 18th August, 1&56, winch provides that
there shall be " one principal messenger in each of the
bureaus ot the several Executive Depaitments, at an annual
palaiy of {$840 each," shall be understood to cm brae 8 within
its true scope and meaning the offices of the three Assist-
ant Postmasters General, entitling cach to a messenger, at
an annual salary of §,840.
Mr. COLFAX. That carries out the intention
of the law that all bureau officers receiving a sal-
ary of $3,000 per year shall have a messenger
As these Assistant Postmasters General are now
confirmed by the Senate, they rank with the heads
of bureaus.
The amendment was concurred in.
Sixth amendment of the Senate:
Sfc.6. Jlnd be it further enacted, That letters which
have been advertised under existing laws, (vide section
twenty-six, act of March 3,1825, and section five, of Match
3, 1851,) shall be leturned to the Post Office Department aa
dead letter, if unclaimed two months after the date of the
advertisement: Provided, Thai letters at sea-poi t* intended
for persons on board of certain designated vessels expected
to ai rive, and letters specially niaiked to be retained a
longer peuod, shall be excepted ironi the opeiation of this
act: Jlnd provided fmthcr, That said letters shall bo re-
turned undei lcgulations to be prescribed by the Postmaster
General.
Mr. COLFAX. Statistics that have been col-
lected by the Post Office Department show that
of the advertised letters that are called for at all,
over ninety per cent, are taken out the first month,
and but very few tho succeeding two months that
they are retained. This provision diminishes the
time that they are to be kept before being sent to
the dead letter office from three months to two
months.
The amendment was concurred in.
Seventh amendment of the Senate:
See. 7. Jlnd he \l further enacted, That the unclaimed
money from dead letters, now appropriated to the use of tin?
Department, under section twenty-six of act ot March 3,
18-25, may be e.xelusively applied in iutme to promote the
efficiency ot the dead letter office, by piovtding lor a more
catefu 1 examination of letters, and the return of a linger
number to the wntcrs, (whether with oi without valuable
inclosures:) Provided, That «aid officer s>hall make a de-
tailed repoit of his proceedings to Congiess during the next
session thoieof.
Mr. COLFAX. This amounts to about six
thousand dollars per year, and is now paid into
the Treasury of the United States. This section
allows it to be used to promote the efficiency of
the dead letter office, from the operations of which
it accrues.
The amendment was concurred in.
Eighth amendment of the Senate:
Sfc. 8. Jlnd be it further enacted, That upon all letters
returned fiom the dead letter office time Mi all be ciiaiged
the u«ual rates of postage, to be collected on delivery, and
accounted lor by postmasters in the same manner as other
postages.
Mr. COLFAX. The obvious necessity for this
amendment will be apparent when J state, that
when dead letters are returned no postage is
chargcd for that return, although, in addition to
their carriage in the mails, the postmasters are
subjected to much trouble in hunting up the send-
ers of these letters.
The amendment was concurred in.
Ninth amendment of the Senate:
Sec. 9. Jlnd be it further enacted, That every letter or
packet brought into the United States, or carried from one
port theiem to another, in any private slnpoi vessel, thall bo
charged with five cents, if delivered at the po.-t office wheie
the same shall auive; and if destined to be conveyed by
post to any place, .with two cents added to the culinary
ratGi= of postage* Provided} That upon all letters or packets
conveyed m whole or in part by steameis or steamships over
anyioute upon which, oi between ports and places between
which, the mail l^iegulailv eonvoj cd in other voxels, under
contract with the Po?t Office Depaitment, the same charge
shall be levied, with the addition ot two cents a letter or
packet, as would have been levied if such letter or packet
bad been tian^nutted regulaily tlnough the mail.
Mr. COLFAX. In consequence of the law of
1825 not having been amended when cheap post-
age was authorized, it follows that, asshipletters,
when delivered at the port where the vessel ar-
rives, are charged six cents, and when transported
thence inland, two cents (for the captain) in addi-
tion to the inland postage, (now three cents,) the
postage is less to carry a letter twenty-live hun-
dred miles inland, than to deliver it at the very
