1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1487
always non-suited the plaintiff, unless there was
an express contract proved; and such never could
have been his decision unless he recognized the
existence of the relation as continuing to that ex-
tent in England.
But the doctrine that the Constitution of the
United States does not recognize slavery, and that
the Federal Government is not bound'to protect
it to the extent of its jurisdiction, limited as that
jurisdiction is, involves an absurd conclusion.
The primary object of all government is the pro-
tection of person and property; and to argue that
a right of property which existed in twelve States
of this Union when the Constitution was formed,
was not intended to be within the protection to
the extentof its jurisdiction of the common Gov-
ernment formed by thirteen States, is irrational
and absurd. It needs no refutation. The object
of all government being the protection of person
and property, it would follow ncccssanly that
when the States constructed a common Govern-
ment, tins property existing at the time of its con-
struction m twelve of the thirteen States, that
Government was as much bound to protect such
property as any other species of property; and if
the obligation existed then, I am at a loss to see
how it lias now ceased.
in addition, I will quote the language of Mr.
Webster, used m the argument addressed to Lord
Ashburton, in leferencc to the case of the Creole.
That was the case of a mutiny in which the slaves
took possession of the vessel and carried her into
one of the Bahama islands, where they were set
free by the local authorities, and a claim was made
for damages, which was resisted by Great Britain;
but, as 1 have stated, was ultimately decided m
favoi of the claimants, under the convention of
185^, by the umpire. In the course of that letter,
dated the 1st of August, 184:2, Mr. Webster said:
'• la the southern States of tins Union, slavety exists by
die lawa of ilie Static and undd the ijuaiaiitee <>t tin* Con-
stitution o! the United State?-; and it lias exr-ted in them
ltom a p<" ]o<{ Ion:? antecedent to the time wh<jn liicj ceased
to be Buii-h colonic."—LVebi,ter''$ JVorhf, vol. 0, p. JOj.
Again, at page 308, after instancing the case of
mairiages in om- country held valid by another,
though celebrated m a manner not lawful in that
utliei, he said:
%i It in.iv be -j.aid ih.it in such instances peiMmafielations
ate iouiidi'il in eonuaet, and thcM-ioro to be M^p^eted ; but
that lii*; leiauon ot ma-tei and flave not ioundi'd in eon-
tract, and theieioio is io be iexpected only bv the law oi the
place \\ Inch u'coirtu/^'o it. Whoever .so ica-ons eucounteid
tin' auiiioutv o« tiio whole bodv oi pubi'c la^', hum Oio-
tiu< down ; because theie ate numetou- m-tance-; in which
the law ii^eh presumes or implies contracts; and pioim
nont among those instances i«. tile vciy ivlatioii which ue
aie now con^idt'im^. and winch relaiton i& holden b} law
to duuv alter it mutuality ot obligation *'
Considering the weight and authority of the
whole body of jurists and publicists, though ex-
ceptional opinions may be found, the result is,
that slavery was the universal practice of man-
kind for ages; that the light to hold pioporty jn
slaves became part of the law of nations by uni-
versal usage, originating m captivity in war; and
that being so established, unless abolished by all
nations, it, of course, is a right of propelty still
existent; and where one nation chooses to retain
it, the right rests not m others to alter the law of i
nations as it formerly existed, though each na- i
tion may prohibit the existence ot the right withm
Hs own jurisdiction.
All. President, the equally dangerous and delu-
sive paity opinion of the Republicans, which de-
ling thcU inferiority of race forms a legitimate
f xcention to tlie asserted and otherwise admitted
tiuth of the equality of all men, strikes at the
foundation of African slavery, and is irreconcila-
ble with its existence. It involves the destruction
of more than three thousand million dollars m
value of property in the slavehoiding States. It
may be entnely harmless m those Statesm which
rue negro is sparsely scattered; because in them,
w uh small relative numbers, the relation of races
does not exist, and is a thing unknown to the peo-
ple in its effects; but in those States in which the
nrgro race exists in largo relative numbers as
fp'cmon, the necessary result of the doctrine, if
an attempt at its application is made, would be
the collision of races; if admitted m a State where
heroes exist m i.uge relative numbers as slaves,
t'necessary result wiil be insurrection and eman-
upat3on,and the subsequent collision ot races.
This doctrine of negro equality has, however,
not only been asserted, but carried out practically,
in many, if not most, of the non-siaveholding
States of this Union, probably to a greater extent
in the State of Massachusetts than in any other
State; but I believe—I may be corrected if I speak
in error—that, in all the Mew England States,
though possibly not in Connecticut, the negro en-
joys equal, civil, and political rights with the
white man. In Massachusetts, and at no distant
day, the negro was not permitted to intermarry
with the white; he was notpermitted to stan^on
the same footing in the public schools; he was
not permitted to make the same use of the public
conveyances. All these distinctions have been
abolished. In most of the northwestern States,
if I am not mistaken, the rale of equality prevails
without regard to race. In Ohio, there has been
a limitation upon political rights, but that limita-
tion there is an evident tendency to overthrow.
In Indiana and Illinois it is, I believe, strictly
maintained. In the State of Pennsylvania, the
distinction of raceb is maintained only as to politi-
cal rights.
Sir, if this progress in the practical application
of the doctrine of negro equality has been made
in nearly all the non-slaveholdmg States, is ltnot
rational to infer that when the party which m
those States has made changes in accordance
with its principle where it has possessed the power
antecedently, shall have obtained power in the
Federal Government, it will carry into effect prac-
tically the same doctrinc to the utmost extent of
the powers of the Federal Government in its ad-
ministration? The State of New York I omitted
to mention as an evidence of the progress of this
dangerous Republican opinion. Though it is true
that at the last election the political privilege to
the negro of voting where he did not possess free-
hold was denied, yet it is equally true that when
that question was raised m 1846, but some eighty
thousand votes were polled m its favor; butatthe
election in lfiGO, one hundred and ninety-seven
thousand votes were so polled, and the grant of
the privilege was only positively rejected by a few
thousand votes m addition lo the Democratic vote
—one third, at least, of the Republican party de-
clining to vote upon the question. This shows
the progiess of opinion towards negro equality
among tiie masses of the people, resulting from
the teachings ot Abolitionists and Republicans.
With biich aiatu of piogiess Abolitiou will soon
reach its fourth ceutuiy, in which its triumph
was predicted by the Senator from New York in
18«>6. The invasion of the slavehoiding States
will follow, if it has not aluady commenced.
In rtkition to this subject, 1 have some extracts
to read from the speeches of a gentleman who is
personally nnku(j*vn to me, but who, if I am to
judge trom his reported speeches, having had no
opportunity to estimate his powers of delivery, is
certainly one of the first orators m this country.
His opinions arc diametucaliy opposite to my own
in iela'ion to the condition in \v Inch the negro race
ought to be placed m this country; nay, his views
are to me abhorrent in then piacfcal effect; but,
with all that, 1 can admire the eloqumce of the
man; with all that, I can admit the sagacity with
which he appreciates the progress of opinion in
his own section of the country, and the effect of
that progress in the ultimate result to which it will
lead. 1 allude to Wendell Phillips, of Massachu-
setts. 1 beg leave to read, first, a short extract
from a speech made by him in the Chamber of
the Massachusetts House of Representatives, at
the anniversary of the Anti-Slavery Society, on
tin3 evening of the 29th of January, 3^58:
"A practical body, UlU Massachusetts Ann-Slaver) So-
ciety. It has wutten ail iu> iequr-ts on the staiute-book.
You know what the coon &«iid to Captain Seoti: 'It' it is
von. Coptam John S'jott, 1 will eome Uovvn.' The Legis-
lature may jii-'t as well • come dow n !' Thi-= body will yet
wute the epitaph of a recent jud<;e ot piohato. Tins bodv
v> dl vet. o\' i <n tliiouiih the r.'upiem.; Couit bench, anni-
hilate the Died Scott decision. Tni- body, over or thioush
the Supieme Omit of nidges, will _\et make Mass>a< hu-
M'tts too hot trunnd tor the -Ltvehnriter to tiend It iy
wiitten on the ^>avo^ at Plymouth ; it i*- written tn the du^t
ot iiunkei Hill; it in wtitteu m oam Adams and John
Hancock. Tiea<on in the blood 1—it will Ciop out m tin-
m-neiation. M.uk im words ! if you do not put it on the
statute-book to-day, vou will in tone—tho^o oi youv.ho
b( loan to this Lenul ume that meets here ro moriow. We
c.ime here and asked toi tae iepea! or the nni'Ma^o law,
ana they lairrhed ar n-s. it i-* wip.-d mf die s.:ntute-!>oi<k
We came and a^keu that ihe lujhu of colotod men in the
cais h" denied ro them. They lauslmd at Uo Ciiailes
Fiaiioi.. Adiiiii- had .s \\ i -or piomio-,>, and he advi-ed tin m
to yield Tie y did. Vv.- f■ :irii;> to a-!; en ih.* liyhti ol
colored chiidiet) in the -ehoo!> A pmnuncnt Republican
ol the 8tate. at tne head ot the eonmntiee, taid to me, -1
know what you ask is law j but yau shall not have it..' It
is on the statute-book I Weil, we siiali put several things
more there."
Mr. Phillips's prediction proved true, and the
Republican party in Massachusetts obeyed the
mandate of the Abolitionists by removing Judge
Loring.
This speech was made in 1858. I read it as
evidence of the power of the Abolition party,
its controlling influence over the action of Repub-
lican Legislatures; and if it conld control and
affect them to that extent in the State of Massa-
chusetts—a State which possesses as high an
order of intellect among its citizens as any State
in this Union—how can it be expected that it wiil
not have the same influence upon the Congressof
the United States when men are elevated to power,
and the control of the Federal Government ob-
tained by them, through the aid and assistance of
the holders of these principles solely for the pur-
pose of the pracncal application of their princi-
ples and the attainment of their objects—the abo-,
htion of slavery and the equality of the negro ?
The same gentleman, in a speech made during
the campaign of 1856, uses this language:
" But there is meiit in the Republican party. Itis this:
it is the first sectional party ever organized in tins country,
it doe^- not known* own lace, and call* itself national—It
is sectional. Ft is the North aiiayed agam^t the South.
Henry Wilson said to me,' we must get every northern
State in ordei to elect Ftemont.' Even in imagination he
did not count upon a single southern State, ft was a dis-
tinct iceogmtion ot the iact that the Republican party is a
party of the North, pledged against the South. Theodore
I'aiker wanted to know once wiiere disunion would begin.
I will teil him : just where that party divides. That is, a
noithern paity against a southern. They made the first
breach. The fnat ciack in the iceberg is visible ; you will
hear it go with a etack thtongh to the comer! Its fie=t
distinct i ecognition was Banks's election. He was elected
by northern men; not a man from the South voting for
linn. That is the value of that party. 1 hail a as a sign,
as a great gam I did not hope to see it for ten years ; it
iias come unexpectedly early."
One more cxtract, and I have done with these
quotations. Since the election of I860, here is the
language of the same speaker:
it the telegiaph t=p!jaks truth, ior the first time in our
hi-toij the slate has chosen a President for the United
States. We have pa--ed the Rubicon, for Mr. Lincoln
lulco to-day a« much as he will at'ter the 4th of March. It
n the moral ellect ot this victoiv, not anything winch his
administration can or will probably do, that gives value to
thi* success. Not an Abolitionist, hardly an anti-slavery
man, Mr. Lincoln consents to represent an anti-slavery idea,
A pawn on the political chess-board, his value is in his po-
sition. With lair effoit, we may soon change him for
knight, bishop, or queen, and sweep the board. This posi-
tion iie owes to no merit ot'his own, but to lives that have
roiucd the nation's conscience, and deeds tiiat have plowed
deep m the heait. Our childish eyes gazed with wonder
at MaelzePfc ' Chess Player,* and the pulse almost stopped
when, with pullinsr ofwuesand creaking wheels, iie moved
a pawn and said 'check.' Our wiser lathers saw a man
m the box. Theie was a gieat noise at Chicago; much
pulling ot wiits and creaking ot wheels ; then lonh steps
Abiaham Lincoln. But John Blown was behind the cur-
tain, and th«* cannon of March 4 will echo the niles at
Ilaiper's Feny. Last year we stood looking sadly at thai
gibbet against the Vngima sky. One tuin of the kaleido-
scope—the picture is Lincoln m the balcony of the Capitoj,
and a million of hearts beatmg welcome below."
Again: speaking of Mr. Seward:
<v Mi Sewaid '■aid, in 16.30 : ( You may slay the. Wi'.mot
proviso m ihe Senate Chamber, and bury it beneath the
Capitol to-day , the dead coipsc, m complete steel, wiil
haunt \our legislative halls to-moiumV They sleyv the
ma.tyi chief on the bank^ of the Potomac ; we buued his
du-t beneath the snows ot Noith L.ba i ana the statesman
Senatoi of New York wiote toi his epitaph, vju^tly hung,'
while part} chiefs cued 'amen;5 but one of those dead
hands smote to nun the Babylon which that Senators am-
bition hail budded, and the other lifted into the Capitol the
President oi itffil. [Applause.]"
Mr. President, widely as I differ from the
speaker in most things, there is much general
truth in the ideas suggested by his remarks as
regards the operation and progress of public sen-
timent. The free negro is held to be a citizen of
the United States; the Dred Scott decision is to
bo reversed. So tell us both Mr. Lincoln and
Mr. Seward. Suppose the case which i have pre-
viously suggested; if he be a citizen of the United
States, any congressional district has a right to
elect a negro to Congress: his seat could not be
refused; and yet the inevitable elfect and result
would be the instant disruption of this Union.
Sir, if 1 be nirht in my view of the general prin-
ciple of the Republican party, that such is its
leading idea, if these things may occur, and prob-
ably will < ecur, as consequent on the general anti-
siaveiy sentiment ai-d the leading idea of this
party, is it to be wondcrtd at that die people of
those States in which the institution of slavery is
