528
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 23.
city •where the vessel bringing it has touched.
Tins section corrects this anomaly.
The amendment was concurred in.
Tenth amendment of the Senate:
Sec. 10. And be it further enacted, That all acts or parts
of acts inconsistent with the provisions of the preceding
section of tins act be, and the same are hereby, repealed.
The amendment was concurred in.
Eleventh amendment of the Senate:
Sec. 11. And be it further enacted, That so much of the
act entitled " An act regulating the pay of deputy postmas-
ters," approved Juno 22,1854, as authorizes the Postmaster
General to make quarterly allowances out of the postages
collected atseparating post offices, for extra labor employed
in separating and dispatching the mails, be, and the same
is hereby, repealed: Provided, He shall pay such allowances
as may have been authorized under existing laws to the
date of this repeal.
Mr. COLFAX. The House at the last ses-
sion, on a test vote, after debate, refused to concur
in that amendment. It is an amendment repeal-
ing the law authorizing the Postmaster Geneial
to pay extra pay to postmasters of separating
offices which aroiiitermediate between distributing
offices and ordinary offices. Gentlemen will re-
member the debate of the last session. The House
voted it down at that time.
Mr. PHELPS. Let us do so again.
Mr. COLFAX. I am still 111 favor of the amend-
ment, but feel it due to the House to state these
facts, so as not to surprise them.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Twelfth and thirteenth amendments of the Sen-
ate:
Sec. 13. JUnd be it farther enacted, That the Postmaster
General shall not, on any railroad of the first ola^, allow
an average rate of speed of loss than twenty miles an hour,
including stoppages; nor on any railroad of the second class,
aft aveiugo rate of ^peed of Ikss than seventeen miles an
hour, including stoppages; nor on any uiiho.id of the third
classs, Ins* than twelve miles an hour, including stoppage*;
and no greatm interval than lbnv-five minute?, t-luill be al-
lowed between connecting routes, ol either class, to ell'ect
the transfer of the mails.
Skc. 1-1. Jlnd be it J wither enacted, That, lor the con-
veyance of the mail on any nuhoad of the first elas-t, the
Postma-tej' Geneial shall not pay a higher late of compen-
sation than |)ci mile pei annum ; noi upon any uulro.id
of the .second ela^s a higher tate than eighty doil.in per
mile per annum ; nor upon any raihoad of the third class
a higher rate than foity dollais per mile pei annum.
Mr. COLFAX. These provisions were recom-
mended by the late Postmaster General, Mr. Holt.
They would save to the Treasury of the United
States #,355,000 per annum. But after consider-
ation of the matter by the Post Office Committee
of the House, I am instructed by them to say that
they do not fool at liberty to recommend to the
House a concurrence in the amendments. De-
sirous us they are to make retrenchment in this
department, they fear the provisions might have
the ('fleet to disarrange the entire postal service
of the country. They reduce the rates of com-
pensation on first class lailroads from $300 to ^*200
per mile—a reduction of thirty-three per cent.; on
second class roads from $100 to $80 per mile—a
reduction of twenty per cent.; and on third class
roads fiom ^,"50 to *U0 per mile—a like reduction
of twenty per cent. If it were certain that the
mails would be eai ried by all these roads, andthat
the mail system would not be deranged, we would
have cordially recommended a concurrence; but
then1 is very threat doubt, with the presentamount
of mails, and the state of the railroads at the
present time, whether such a sweeping reduction
might not lead to a state of affairs which the
House would dislike to see inaugurated.
Mr. STOUT. 1 would inquiie of the gentle-
man fiom Indiana whether it is not in the power
of tl « Postmaster General to make these reduc-
tions without any authority of law?
Mr. COLFAX. It is not, except by changing
the classes into which the railroads are divided.
_Mr. HOARD. Will the gentleman tell mc the
distinction between a first and second class rail-
road ?
Mr. COLFAX. The distinction is somewhat
tin aibitrary one. The Postmaster General makes
the distinction, founded upon the bulk of the mails
and the rate of speed. *
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope the amendments
will he concurred in. I thmk they are very good
ones.
Mr. BRANCH. I understood the gentleman
from Indiana to say that the committee recom-
mend a non-concurrence, 1 shall not, therefore,
cuter as fully into a discussion of the subject as
I intended when it was first read. I will simply
express my conviction that, if this amend mentis
adopted and becomes a law, Congress will have
to make some other provision for carrying its
mails than over at least a portion of the railroads.
It not only reduces them to a compensation totally
inadequate to the services rendered, and for which
they could not afford to render those services, but
it totally changes the whole policy of the Gov-
ernment in relation to the classification of rail-
roads. Heretofore the classification has been not
according to the quality of the railroad, nor ac-
cording to the speed of its trains, but with sole
reference to the bulk and importance of the mails
carried. It is something new, so far as I under-
stand our legislation, for us to undertake to con-
form the rates of speed to the classification.
In addition, no one can read the proposition and
not be convinced that if we adopt speed as the
basis of classification, the distinction it proposes
to make in the rates of pay is altogether unjust
and unequal. To the first class of roads it pro-
poses to pay $200 per mile per annum for a speed
of twenty miles an hour; to second class roads,
eighty dollars for seventeen miles an hour; and,
to third class, forty dollars for twelve miles an
hour. If we pay $200 a mile to roads which run
twenty miles an hour, I submit that eighty dol-
lars a mile is altogether inadequate for a road
that runs seventeen miles an hour.
I have some practical acquaintance with this
subject; and I assure the chairman of the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads that if
this amendment is adopted, in my opinion, all
the roads which arc now carrying the mails as
second and third class roads, will throw down
the mails and refuse to perform the service.
Whether they do so or not, they ought to do so,
if they have any regard for their own interest.
Mr. BURNETT. I desire to ask the gentle-
man a question. I wish to know the difference
between the price now paid to railroads carrying
the mails, and other first class transportation ?
Mr. BRANCH. I am not able to answer the
interrogatory of the gentleman. It can be an-
swered, no doubt, by the chairman of the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads. I have
some acquaintance with the rates paid to railroad
companies, but no practical acquaintance with the
rates paid for any other mode of transportation.
Mr. SHERMAN. I can answer the gentle-
man's question. I expressed a desire that this
amendment should be concurred in, and I will
state the reason for such concurrence. The pies-
ent rates paid to railroad companies for transport-
ing the mails are about seven times the rates paid
for ordinary transportation, and they are about
three times the rates paid for express transpor-
tation; and they are totally out of all proportion
to any other kind of transportation. The Gov-
ernment has uniformly paid to railroad compa-
nies, as well as to everybody else, a lngher late
than is paid to individuals. It is said that these
railroad companies will refuse to carry the mails
unh'ss (hey get their own pricc. I will leave them
to the public opinion of their own neighborhoods,
and there is not a railroad company m the United
States which will not be compelled to carry the
mails at the rates fixed by law. Public opinion
will compel them to carry the mails at reasonable
and fair rates. The rates fixed by this amend-
ment, which vJas prepared by the Postmaster
General, is considerably in excess of the ordinary
express transportation rates; and oven at the rates
prescribed by this amendment, these railroads
get a larger amount than is paid to Adams's or
any other express company. If we fix the com-
pensation ata reasonable rate, publicopinion will
compel the railroads to carry the mailsata reason-
able rate.
Mr. EDWARDS was recognized by the Chair.
Mr. MAYNARD. I desire to make a single
suggestion.
Mr. EDWARDS. I have the floor.
Mr. BRANCH. I think I have the floor. I
yielded to the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr.
Burnett] to ask a question, and to the gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Sherman] to answer it. I
now resume the floor.
The SPEAKER. The Chair supposed that
the gentleman from North Carolina had yielded
the iloor. Being in that mistaken, the gentleman
will proceed.
Mr. MAYNARD. I desire to make a single
remark in reference to what was said by the gen-
tleman from Ohio. But I will not violate the spirit
of the remark in respect to driving a free horse,
and will not persist in it now.
Mr. BRANCH. In a few moments I shall
yield the floor. The gentleman from Ohio, I ap-
prehend, will find himself very much mistaken if
he supposes that public sentiment in any State
where railroads have been built, not out of the
Federal Treasury, nor by grants made to them
by Congress out of the common property, but
where they have been built by the private means
of the citizens, or out of money contributed by
the treasuries of those States—I say he is very
much mistaken if he supposes that in any such
case as that, public sentiment will compel them
to carry the mails for an inadequate compensa-
tion. Where we have built railroads out of the
common means of the United States, there may
be some reasons for attempting to reduce them to
those low rates. In many of the older States of
the U.mon we have built railroads out of our own
means. We expect our railroad companies will
demand of the Government an adequate and fair
compensation for carrying the mails; and we will
not countenance them in demanding anything
more. But if you undertake to confine them to
the rates in this bill for second and third class ser-
vice, I assure the gentleman from Ohio that there
is not a single State among those of which I have
spoken, where the public opinion will compel
them to carry the mail at these rates.
It has long been a matter of complaint among
railroad companies that yourfirstand second class
pay is unequal and unfair. Under the existing
law, the first class pay is $200 a mile, and the sec-
ond class pay is $100 a mile. You might, perhaps,
appropriately take something from those receiv-
ing $200 a mile and give it to those heretofore re-
ceiving $100 a mile. But instead of doing that,
you go m the opposite direction, and propose to
leave those who are now receiving the highest
price in the receipt, of what they now get, but to
rcduce still lower the compensation of those who
are already receiving too little proportionately.
Another point in the case, Mr. Speaker, is, that
this amendment proposes to regulate the rate of
speed on all the railroads in the United States. It
may appear to gentlemen who are not familiar
with the subject, that the rate prescribed is a very
low one. Twenty miles an hour, including stop-
pages, is regarded in the region of country with
which I am acquainted as a high rate of speed.
Twenty miles an hour, including stoppages, is
equal to between twenty-five and thirty miles ac-
tual running speed. We regard twenty-five miles
an hour as very rapid running. So far from au-
thorizing the Postmaster General to require rail-
road companies to run twenty-five miles an hour,
1 would, if I had the power, make a law in every
State that no railroad company should exceed that
speed in any case with trains bearing human life
upon them, without special license from a board
or officer specially appointed for that duty. It is
wrong in principle for Congress to undertake to
control the running speed of railroads all over the
United States. There is no propriety in it; but
if you do undertake to control it, you ought not
to require so high a rate of speed as is required
for first class roads bv this amendment.
Mr. CURTIS. What is that speed >
Mr. BRANCH. The speed is twenty miles an
hour, including stoppages; the actual running
speed being at least twenty-five miles an hour, in
order to fulfill these conditions.
I would say more upon this subject but for the
fact that the chairman of the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads states to the House
that the committee recommend a non-concurrence
in the amendment. I hope it will be non-con-
curred in; and I should not have made these re-
marks but for the fact that I feared one of those
common occurrences in regard to the bill—that
we, upon careful consideration, should reject the
amendment, and in a week or ten days we should
find it put back in the bill by some committee of
conference, without the knowledge of the House.
1 hope that the amendment will be rejected, and
that the chairman of tin; Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads will watch it heirafter and
see that it is not put in the bill by a committee of
conference, without at least calling the attention
of the House to the fact.
Mr. EDWARDS. Mr. Speaker, the gentleman
from North Carolina [Mr. Branch] has so fully
