1488
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 22.
not merely essential to their progress and their
civilization, but their very existence, should con-
sider themselves unsafe on the advent to power of
a sectional party holding suchdoctrines; thatthey
should believe it was incompatible with their se-
curity to remain under a common Government
with*States m which such doctrines obtained, pos-
sessing as those States do a decided and increas-
ing majority in the country; that they should
consider it wiser to encounter revolution, and even
war, rather than place themselves under the con-
trol of communities holding such views, which
necessarily would be destructive to them. Was
there then no cause of discontent on the part of
the seceding States by which we are to account
for their abandoning the Union by the almost
unanimous action of their people ?
If you ask me as a citizen of the State of Dela-
ware, whether I consider that the success of the
Republican party m the election of Mr. Lincoln
would justify that State in secession, my answer
would be in the negative. I have already told
you that as regards my State, owing to the small-
ness of her terutory. the paucity of her popula-
tion, and her political feebleness even in the case
of an unquestioned wrong, of direct infringement
of her rights under the compact, she could not
well resort to such a remedy as revolutionary ac-
tion. She would be unable to redress herself m
that mode. But apart entirely from this, the rea-
son why she would not be justified in such action
in con,sequence of the advent to power of a party
holding these doctrines, and which will probably
carry them into practice to the extent 1 have men-
tioned, is, that in Delaware slavery is not a State
institution. You might free all the slaves there
lo-morrow and you would not ruin the State.
You would only ruin the individuals. Their value
does not exceed a million dollars.
The serious difficulty which would present itself
to her people would arise out of this doctrine of
the equality of races. With a free negro popula-
tion greater, relatively, than any other State in
the Union, constituting neaily one fifth of the
whole population, if this doctrine were to obtain,
the collision of races would inevitably come. I
am perfectly aware that Senators who live in
States where the negro is sparsely scattered, can-
not well understand ihis effect of the antagonism
of race, arising from large relative nuinbeis of
both races placed on terms of equality under the
law, in the same community. In the State oi
Delaware, the negro has no such equality, at- i
though we have but few slaves, and a vast mass !
of free negioes. Under the constitution of the
State, the negro cannot vote. Under the common
law. the presumption of fieedom is against him,
because his original status was that of a slave when
he came to the country. lie is not entitled to be
a witness in a court of justice, under the decisions
of our courts, made early in the history of the
State. There is an exception, where legislative
action has given him the right of being a witness
where he sustains personal injury. Yet, if the
attempt were made to give equal civil and political
lights, in the State of Delaware, to a free negio,
^t would inevitably result m the collision of races.
1 have m a forensic experience of more than
thirty-five years, seen this cffect of the antago-
nism of race too strongly exemplified to doubt
its existence. It is what the Roman lawyers
called the primary law of nature, the instincts of
mankind—such as natural affection, and the like.
Tiie white men will not, where they exist in
large relative numbers, admit the negro on terms
of civil or political, much' less social, equality
with themselves, and if* the equality of rights be
given where they exist m such numbeis, their
insertion rend'-is the collision inevitable. Jn
Delaware the antagonism exists now to such an !
extent that m personal controversies between the ;
negro and the white man, the negro being dis- j
qualified to sit on a jury, or be admitted as a !
witness, except m cases of injury to his person,  
the eiVet of this prejudice, as you may call it—I !
call u the natural instincts of men—lie has but
little chance ot justice on the same eudenee whnh !
mi^ht be faniy weighed between one white man |
ami another. £ have seen this effect too often !
exhii>.te(1 to doubt the existence of the antagonism 1
a id in cih ct. If the doe'rme of the um.riity of
ia-e be tiue, and is once admitted, the ciihsion |
must come; but to us u is not s>) formidable, for
tins reason: that when the collision comes, the I
white race has sufficient power, and could drive
the inferior race from the State without hazardous
contest.
I have before stated in this Chamber, what I
believe the records of history will authenticate,
that where two races of men so dissonant in their
organization that amalgamation is outot the ques-
tion live in the same community in large relative
numbers, there is but one of two results—the sub-
jection of the inferior race or its extermination,
j I do not desire the extermination of the negro
race. I would weave into the law of slavery every
possible guard against the abuse of the power of
the master, but never strike at the subjection of
the inferior to the superior race. Where the
negro exists in large relative numbers, amalga-
mation being out of the question, the law of races
requires that he should be kept in a state of sub-
jection, both for his own welfare as well as that
of the white race. It is his normal condition, and
the instinct of race—the primary law of nature—
demands his subjection. Any attempt to enforce
a contrary doctrine will only end in the common
destruction of both races, or else in the extinc-
tion of the inferior race.
Sir, this antagonism of race exists in the State
of Delaware and other States, as between the
negro and the white man, only where there is a
large free negro population; it never exists in
relation to the slave. Where the inequality is ad-
mitted, and the inferior race is held in slavery,
the antagonism docs not arise. The assertion of
equality alone cieates it. It is not confined to the
Afucan. In the State of California, where they
I have about sixty thousand Chinese—I make the
I statement on the information of the honorable
| Senator from that State, whose term expired at
I the close of the last session, of whom I made the
I inquiry during the session—in the State of Cali-
1 fornia, where there are about sixty thousand Chi-
! nese, composing about one seventh of the popu-
' lation, what is the result of the antagonism of
race? The Chinese are <-i civilized people, though,
I admit, an effete civilization; they arc an indus-
trious people beyond all question; but in Califor-
nia, the Chinese cannot be naturalized; the Chinese
cannot exercise a single political right; the Chi-
nese art) not permitted to be witnesses in a court of
justice; and, as that Senator stated to me, a Chi-
naman nn^ht be murdered in the presence of five
hundred other Chinese by an American, and the
law would afford no rediess, for no one of the five
hundred could be admitted in a court of justice
foi the purpose of establishing the guilt of the
murderer. This is but an illustration of the an-
i tagomsm of race which will always exist between
j dissonant races residing in theftame communities
m large relative numbeis. The law has grown
up by judicial decision in their courts, as part of
the unwritten law of the State, founded on this
antagonism of race, which exists wherever the
dissonance of race is so great, and the relative
numbers so large, in the same community. You
may play with this thing, and make it a political
hobby m those States in which the negro is found
m sparse numbers; but your doctrine of equality
of races becomes too gravely serious in its effects
when asserted m those States where the relation
i of races exists, as it does in the small State of
■ which I am one of the representatives on this
| floor. I only wish Senators could fully appieciate
I the results of this doctrine of equality, when ap-
j plied to communities m which the relation of races
] does exist, and I think the doctrine would be
! entirely abandoned.
i I have said that, as a ci'Uzen of Delaware—and
! ha\e assigned the reasons—I should not consider
! the advent to power of a paity which, { bdiew,
: must neeegsariiy attempt to carry out in practice
' the doctrines they piofess, supposing those doc-
| tiincs to be honestly entertained, sufficient cause
! for that State to withdraw from the Federal Union,
i But, sir, weie I a resident of the State of Geor-
| gia,and the question were presented to me whether
1 the advent of a party to power based on the anu-
' slavery sentiment, and with its leading idea the
j equality of all men, \v thout regard to race, believ-
ing, as I do, that, with the progress of opinion,
• those doctrine's and principles would be carried
! into practical effect, I should, at least, hesitate
whether i could advise the people of my State to
le.nain undei a common Government which haz-
arded her entire destruction. The State of Geor-
gia ni a tropical Statu. The amount of property
there invested in slaves amounts to hundreds of
millions. If you were to strike out the institu-
tion of slavery, her lands would be incapable of
cultivation, for they cannot be cultivated by the
white man in open field culture, and the negro
will not work except on a system of compulsory
labor. To her, therefore, the magnitude of the
interest involved would necessarily appeal to her
fears, if you will, as to the consequences to ensue
from the possession and control of the Federal
Government by such a party as the same facts and
considerations which could not possibly appeal
to acitizen of Delaware; and 1 believe that, unless
I could see some equally practical mode of resist-
ance to such a party and its purposes, or could
have the distinctive renunciation—not an equiv-
ocal, but a distinctive renunciation—of the doc-
trines of the Republican party, that, being a citi-
zen of that State,I,too,should have voted in favor
of secession, though I consider it revolutionary
action. It is not for me to decide or comment
upon the action most appropriate for other States
in which negro slavery is a vital institution fiom
the extent of the capital invested in slaves, who
have hesitated in their determination. The decis-
ion belongs to them, and their people are divided
in opinion; but, as the destinies of each State
should be left to its people, I may entertain, but
do not feel justified in expressing my opinion on
the course which should be followed.
Mr. President, 1 know not how far the opinions
which I have expressed will be acceptable to the
majority of the people of my own State; but they
are the result of sincere conviction, and I am
bound, as the subject involves them, to give a
frank utterance of those opinions. The relation
of constituent and representative, in my judg-
ment, is one of confidence; and if I find the views
which I entertain on so grave questions are not
coincided in by the people of Delaware, it will be
to me no effort to resign the position which 1 hold.
I have always thought that the first duty of apub-
lic man, in a Republic founded upon the sov-
ereignty of the people as the legitimate source of
power, was the frank and sincere expression of
his opinions to his constituents; and I also prize
the confidence of the people of Delaware; but I
never made popularity the standard of my action.
1 profoundly respect public opinion; but! believe
there is, in conscious rectitude of purpose, a sus-
taining power which will support any man of or-
dinary firmness, under any circumstances what-
ever; that with close scrutiny of las own motives
and sincere convictions of light, he may meet
calmly and cheerfully any personal result conse-
quent upon his action, be it approval or condem-
nation, success or defeat. Sir, there is quite as
much of truth in the thought embodied in the Ro-
man poet's verse, as there is of beauty and mel-
ody in the language in which it is expressed:
'• Ju^tum et tonacem propositi virum,
Non civiurn ardoi piavajuhentiuiu,
Non vuitus instants tyi.inm
Monte quatit bOlida; neque Auster,
Dux mquieti turbidus Adrne,
Nec tulmmaiiti* mnena manus Jovis;
Si ft act us lllabatnr orbit:,
Impavldtnn leticnt ruin.e."
Mr. FESSENDEN. I understand the Senator
from Delaware has not yet finished his remarks,
and may occupy some further time. With bis
consent, I will move that the fuither considera-
tion of this subject be postponed until to-morrow.
The motion was agreed to.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Mi*. FESSENDEN. I now move that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of executive
business.
The motion was agreed to; and, after some time
spent in executive session, the doors weie re-
opened, and the Senate adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Friday, March 20, J8G1.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Guru:y.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Several messages in writing were received from
the President of the United States, by Mr. Joa.\-
G. Nicolay, his Secretary.
WITHDRAWAL OF PAPERS.
On motion of Mr. NICHOLSON, it was
OiJcrrd, That William R U'M, abm Mtvwv, have
leave to wifluhaw his petition and p.qrr-:.
