530
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 23,
papers. A letter which weighs less than half an
ounce pays three cents postage; while a maga-
zine, which weighs, perhaps, six or eight ounces,
pays less than the letter does. Now, the post-
ages upon the letter, newspaper, and magazine
mail, combined, do not meet the expenditures of
the Post Office Department by three or four mil-
lion dollars per annum. I prefer, therefore, my-
self, that the newspaper and periodical dealers
shall obtain their papers and periodicals in future
as they now receive tliem, by express, rather than
lumber up the mails with matter which does not
pay the cost of transportation.
Mr. COLFAX. The gentleman from Missouri
has not, 1 think, perfectly comprehended the facts
on whicli the amendment is founded. Under the
contracts now existing, entered into by the De-
partment, for carrying the mails, the contractors
are required to carry the mails, whatever they
" may be. This requirement is included in what
are called "star bids." Under the old system of
carrying tiie mails in two-horse coaches, or four-
horse coaches, the contractors were not required
to carry more than twelve hundred pounds in
each four-horse coach. Under the present sys-
tem, however, they are required to carry the
mails, whatever they may be; so that if they are
required to carry these newspaper and periodical
mails, as they will be, without any extra pay, the
postages received will add so much to the revenues
of the Department.
Mr. PHELPS. Let me malce one inquiry of
the gentleman from Indiana. Does not this amend-
ment reduce the rates of postage upon this class of
mail matter ?
Mr. COLFAX. It does not.
Mr. PHELPS. Then the gentleman from In-
diana and myself have misunderstood each other
in that respcct.
Mr. COLFAX. We have; or I linve been mis-
understood, at least.
Mr. PHELPS. The newspaper and maga-
zine which now go through the mails, pay a dif-
ferent rate of postage. This amendment, as I
understand it, reduces them to a uniform rate,
and will enable the dealer in magazines to receive
them at a rate of fifty per cent, less than they now
pay-
Mr. COLFAX. He does not now pay postage
upon them at all, for the reason that he can re-
ceive them at a cheaper rate through the express.
Upon this subject the Postmaster General says:
" It is proposed to permit regular dealers in newspapers
and periodicals to receive by mail such quantities of either
as tliey may teiitlire, and to pity the postage on u'ceipt, at
the same lates as regular subscribers to sueh publications.
The object and propi lety of this will be readily perceived."
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I desire to say a
word at this point. It seems to me that the rea-
son applicable to the support of this amendment
is the reason which as properly applies to the re-
duction of the postages to subscribers. It seems
that the subscriber now frequently procures his
paper through a different avenue than that pro-
vided in the Post Office Department. I should have
said " consumcis," rather than " subscribers."
The consumer finds that he can obtain better fa-
cilities for procuring his paper through the clt aler
than through the post office. This amendment
provides simply that the dealer shall be able to
obtain his papers and periodicals through the mail
at a cheaper rate than they have heretofore been
able to obtain them. It provides that, instead of
being compelled to relinquish to the express com-
panies the office of conveying the reading material
over the country, this amendment is to provide,
as I believe, a cheaper rate of transportation for
reading matter than can be furnished by the ex-
press companies. It is cci tainly clear that the
reason is quite as good for the adoption of this
amendment as applied to the subscriber as when
applied to the dealer of periodicals; and 1 think,
therefore, that the amendment should be adopted
by the House, as well as the amendment proposed
by my colleague [Mr. Sickles] in regard to the
carrying of the mails within nine miles circuit in
the city of New York.
Theamendmentto theamendmentwas adopted.
The amendment, as amended, was agreed to.
Fifteenth amendment:
fc>EC. 16. he it further enactcd, That maps, engra-
vings, lithographs, or photographic prints on roller or in
paper covers; hooks, hound or unbound; phonographic
paper, and ietter envelope?, shall be denned mailable mat-
ter, and ehaiged with postage by the weight of the pack-
age, not in any ease to exceed four pounds, at the rate of
one cent an ounce, or fraction of an ounce, to any place in
the United States under fitteen hundred miles, and at the
rate of two cents an ounce, or fraction of an ounce, over
fifteen hundred miles, to be piepaid by postage stamps.
The amendment was agreed to.
Sixteenth amendment:
Sec. 17. Jhxd be it farther enactcd, That cards, blank or
printed blanks, in packages weighing at least eight ounces,
and seeds or cuttings, in packages not exceeding eight
ounces in weight, shall also be deemed mailable matter, and
charged with postage at the rate of one cent an ounce, or
fi action of an ounce, to any place in the United States un-
der fifteen hundred miles, and at the rate of two cents an
ounce, or fi action of an ounce, over fifteen hundred miles,
to be prepaid by postage stamps."
The amendment was agreed to.
Seventeenth amendment:
Sec. 18. >And be it further enacted, That the act of 3d
March, 1855, entitled "An act further to amend the act en-
titled ' An act to rcduce and modify the iates of postage in
the United States, and for other purposes,' " passed Maich
3, 1851, be, and the same is hereby, so modified as to re-
quire the ten cent rate of postage to be prepaid on letters
conveyed in tiie mail from any point in the United States
cast of the Rocky Mountains to any State or Territory on
the Pacific, and fiom any State or Territory on the Pacific
to any point in the United States east of the Roeky Moun-
tains. And all drop letters shall be piepaid by postage
stamps.
Mr. PHELPS. Thatis, I believe, a proposi-
tion to increase the rates of postage to the Pacific,
designed, I suppose, to meet the additional ex-
pense of the overland service.
Mr. COLFAX. I will state to the gentleman
from Missouri that this amendment is recom-
mended by the Post Office Department, and by the
Post Office Committee. The present postage law
was made with the understanding that the Califor-
nia mail was to be carricd by the Isthmus, and it
was therefore provided that all letters carried a
distance over three thousand miles shall pay ten
cents postage. But we have now in existence an
overland mail by what is known as the central
route from St. Louis or St. Joseph to Placerville,
California. Many of the letters carried over
that route, going a distance of less than three
thousand nules, only pay three cents postage.
This amendment designs merely to provide that
all California letters shall pay ten cents. I will
merely add that, the amendment meets the concur-
rence of the members from California.
Mr. WASHlSUltNE, of Illinois. 1 desire to
know at what time the morning hour expires.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has ex-
pired.
Mr. "WASHISURNE, of Illinois. If the House
will indulge me for a moment, 1 desire to give
notice of an amendment which I shall offer to this
amendment.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. CLEMENS. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. 1 desire to make a personal explanation.
I find that a fact in the proceedings of the House
of yesterday has been entirely overlooked. It
will be recollected by those who were present
yesterday, that the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Sickles] desired to make a motion,in which
lie was for some time pre\ented, not having the
floor. I moved the amendment which the gen-
tleman from New York sought to introduce—
which was the "Crittenden proposition." No
reference seems to have been made, in the report
of the Globe, to that proceeding. I desire to call
the attention of the House to this fact, so that if
the omission occurs also in the Journal it maybe
corrected.
Tiie SPEAKER. The Chair understands that
the Journal shows the gentleman's amendment
to have been received.
Mr. CLEMENS. One further remark. I find
that my colleague from the Abingdon district,
[Mr. Martin,] yesteiday,is reported in the Globe
to have expressed the wish that I might be al-
lowed to go on and finish my " traitorous re-
marks."
I understand, Mr. Speaker, that he used some
other expression, the purport of which did not
reach me at the time. It is as well for me to say,
first as last, that all the positions which I have
conceived it my duty to take in this exigency of
public affairs have been taken deliberately, and
with the expectation that I must, for a time, be
subjected to personal defamation. Jf, therefore,
my'colleague threw out his remark for the pur-
pose of giving me offense, I pardon him. I do
so, sir, for the reason that I am at this instant
laboiing under physical infirmity—suffering from
a reeking wound not yet healed, from one per-
sonal encounter. If he will shoot himself m the
thigh, and have a comminuted fracture of the
bone, and be forced to linger in anguish for two
years, as I have done, he will, I think, find this
thing of a bullet shot to give a not very comfort-
able sensation. [Laughter.] It is one that, so
far as I am concerned, I do not desire to be re-
peated upon me. Above all, I do not desire either
to submit to a travesty in Punch, Vanity Fair,
or the Illustrated News, of standing on one leg,
with a cane in one hand, and a pistol in the other,
[laughter,] to give my colleague 
Mr. HINDMAN. I call to the attention of
the gentleman from Virginia the fact that his col-
league is not present in the House.
Mr. CLEMENS. I was not before aware of
the fact; and I regret I have said what I have
during his absence. But, sir, I would have stated
what I have if my colleague had been here.
Mr. HINDMAN. I hope the gentleman will
not understand me as supposing that he has said
anything which might be construed as offensive
to his colleague.
Mr. CLEMENS. I do not intend to be offens-
ive.
Now, sir, if anybody be desirous of obtaining
the cheap notoriety of castingany imputation upon
me or indulging in any personal animadversions,
they can do so. They are welcome to it. lean
concede that to those who, unable to win reputa-
tion in any other way, would be unknown in this
or any other Congress if, through the providence-
of God, there were not some special interposi-
tion to lift them out of the obscurity where they
would otherwise forever have remained.
CUISIS MEETING.
Mr. PRYOR. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House for leave to present resolutions of a
meeting of citizens of Charlottesville, Virginia,
in reference to the present, condition of the coun-
try.
The resolutions were received, and laid upon
the tabic.
PRINTING OF CRISIS REPORT.
Mr. GTJRLEY, from the Committee on Print-
ing, reported back the following resolution, with
the recommendation that it do pass; which was
read, considered, and adopted:
Resolved, That Oleic be printed for the uso of the House
ten thousand extia copics of the reports from the select
committee of tlnrty-thiee, the majority and minonty re-
pons to be included in the same document.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I ask the unan-
imous consent of the House for leave to present
certain memorials.
Mr. GROW. I object to the presentation of
memorials and petitions in open House. They
can be introduced under the rules by being handed
in to the Clerk. I want my objection to be a
standing one.
POST ROUTE BILL.
Mr. AVASHBURNE, of Illinois. I desire, Mr.
Speaker, to call the attention of the House to a
matter of a practical character. To-morrow, dur-
ing the morning hour, the House will be called
on to resume the consideration of the amendments
of the Senate to the post route bill. There is one
of those amendments in reference to the trans-
portation of the mails. I propose to introduce an
amendment, directing the Postmaster General to
examine into all cases of a discontinuance of mail
service, and to restore such service as he may
think proper, it is a matter of great importance
to our constituents. All of them are interested in
it. I therefore have given this notice, that mem-
bers may be here when the vote is taken.
AMENDMENT TO SELECT COMMITTEE REPORT.
Mr. HINDMAN. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House for leave topresent amendments
which I design offering to the report of the select
committee of thirty-three at the proper time, in
order that they may be laid upon the table, and
ordered to be printed.
There was no objection; and it was ordered
accordingly.
REPORT OF COMMITTEE OE THIRTY-THREE.
The SPEAKER stated that the question before
the House, the morning hour having expired,
