1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
531
irks/
V
was the special order, being the report of the se-
lect committee of thirty-three, on which the gen-
tleman from Tennessee [Mr. Etiieridge] was
entitled to the floor.
Mr. ETHERIDGE addressed the House for
an hour on the state of the Union. [His remarks
will be published in the Appendix.]
Mr. LOVEJOY obtained the floor.
WITHDRAWAL AND RESIGNATION 01? MEMBERS.
The SPEAKER. I desire to state to the House
that several of the members from the State of
Georgia have addressed a letter to me, with the
request that, at the close of the speech of the gen-
tleman from Tennessee, I would present it to the
House. In obedience to their wish, I now pre-
sent it.
The Clerk read the letter, as follows:
Washington City, January 23,1861.
Sir: We have received official information that the peo-
ple of the State of Georgia, in convention assembled, on
the 19th day of January, 1861, adopted and passed an ordi-
nance, ot which the following is a copy:
" We, the people of thu Sta'e of Georgia, in convention
assembled, do declare and orda.n,and it ib hereb} declaied
and ordained, that the ouhnance adopted by the people of
Georgia, in convention, in the yeai 1788, whereby the Con-
stitution of the United Stares was assented to, rat ified, and
adopted, and also all acts and paits of acts of the Geneial
Assembly ratifying and adopting amendments to the said
Constitution, arc hereby lepealed, icscmded, and abro-
gated ; and we do fuithcr declare and ordain that the union
now subsisting between the sitatcofGeoigia and the other
States, undei the name of the United Btates of America,
i<3 hereby dissolved, and that the Stnte of Georgia is m the
full possesion and exercise of all those rights ot sover-
eignty which belong and appertain to a free and independ-
ent State."
The sovereign State of Georgia, of which we aie Repie-
sentativcs in this House, having theiebv dissolved the po-
Jitical connection between that Stale and the Government
of the United States,and having theieby appealed the ouli-
nanee of 17£8, by which the Constitution of the United
States was ratified, and having icsumedall thepoweis del-
egated to the Fedeial Government, we hereby announce to
you that wc are no longer members of the llouse of Repre-
sentatives of the United States Congress.
PETER E. LOVI3,
MARTIN J. CRAWFORD,
THOMAS HARDEMAN, Jr.,
LUCIUS J. GAllTRELL,
J0I1N W. If. UNDERWOOD,
JAMES JACKSON,
JOHN J. JONES.
Hon. William Pennington,
Speaker House of Representatives of the United States.
The letter was laid upon the table.
The SPEAKER. I desire also to lay before
the House, a letter which I have received from
another Representative of Georgia.
The Clerk read the letter, as follows:
Washington City, January 23, 1861.
Silt: Satisfied, as I am.thata majoiityoftheconvention
ofthcpeopleofCeoigia, now bitting, dfs-ire that the State
should no longer be represented upon this floot, l,m obe-
dience to this wish of the people's ieprcsenuti\ e-3 hereby
resign the scat I hold a> a member ot tins ilou-e.
I am, re^peett'nllv, your obedient hervant,
JOSHUA HILL.
Hon. William Pennington, Speaker of the Ilomcof Rep-
icsentntivcs of the U.iitcd States.
The letter was laid upon the table.
Mr. LOVEJOY addressed the House for an i
hour. [His remarks will be published in the
Appendix.]
Mr. McPHEIlSON obtained the floor.
Mr. MONTGOMERY. I appeal to my col-
league to yield me the floor for about three min-
utes.
Mr. McPI-IERSON. I will do it, with pleas-
ure. v
Mr. MONTGOMERY. Mr. Speaker, I have
a proposal to make to this House. I think that
every impartial observer, who has witnessed our
deliberations since the commencement of the ses-
sion, will admit that there is nothing- like unity
of sentiment nor concurrence of opinion among
us. The votes had on the various propositions
of compromise presented to us from time to time,
abundantly prove that there is not the slightest
probability that a constitutional majority can be
obtained for any proposition which will restore
harmony and peace to our distracted country.
Day after day is spent in the delivery of speeches, i
many of which only tend to increase our troubles, j
and add fuel to the flame of public discord. While ;
we are engaged in this profitless controversy—for I
I doubt whether any speech that has been made, j
or that will be made, will change the opinion or
vote of a single membei—State after State is se-
ceding from this Union, and delegation after dcl-
gation is bidding us fare well, and vacating the seats
around us. While these things are being done,
what are we doing to avert this dreadful calamity ?
Revolution is sweeping over the land. We can
feel the temple of our country's liberty tremble,
yet we stand here idle.
1 think it is obvious to every man of us that we
are more controlled by political prejudice and
preconceived opinions, than by a proper sense of
our fearful responsibility. In devotic^i to our
party we seem to forget that we have a country.
We serve the Democratic and Republican oigan-
izations, and forget that we have a Union and a
Constitution in peril of destruction. While we
stand here idle, the people weep, and the nations
look upon us with scorn and contempt. I cannot
pick up a paper in which our tardy action is not
denounced as treason to the cause of human liberty.
Convinced, as I am, that we arc not likely to con-
centrate on any reasonable proposition now before
us a constitutional majority, and bearing in mind
that not one of us was elected in view of the ad-
justment of these unforeseen troubles, and im-
pressed with the importance of compromise, and
believing that it is our duty to refer this question,
which we cannot settle, to the people whom we
represent, I propose that every man of us agree
to resign his place here, to take efFect on the 21st
of February next; and that we immediately pass
a special law to provide for the election of our
successors, who shall meet here on the 22d day
of February, (that day consecrated and hallowed
by the birth of the Father of his Country,) and
that to these Representatives, fresh from the hands
of the people, and bearing the peoples'instruc-
tions, the various pVoposals of compromise now
pending, and hereafter to be made, shall be re-
ferred. In the mean time, between this and the
22d of February, we can go on and dispatch the
public business demanding our attention.
This is not a party proposition. I made it in
good faith, and earnestly ask its consideration.
The man on this floor who knows lie has been
misrepresenting the wishes of his people need
alone fear it. Those who have been faithful and
true to the people, to the Union, and the Constitu-
tion, will be indorsed and reelected. The respons-
ibility will then be with the people; and I know
the result will bo peace, conciliation, and a return
to the Union. We cannot agree; why then shall
we stand in the way of the expression of the will
of the people? If we are right, our people will
sustain us; if wc are wrong, wc owe it to our-
selves and them to give them an opportunity to
select others in our stead. Adopt this measure,
and you will airest precipitate action in the south-
ern fetates which yet remain with us. 1 believe,
if this measure were adopted, some of those States
which have already seceded would send their
Representatives back to lend their aid in this great
work of compromise. Even if it were for no other
purpose, we should consult our people on the
question of the course to be pursued against the
seceding States, Before we begin a bloody civil
war, let us consult 'the people, and hear their
voice and carry out their determination- For
myself, I have voted uniformly for the consider-
ation of almost every proposition for compromise
which has been offered. I am willing my people
should pass on my acts. I love my country, and
I am ready to make any sacrifice which will pre-
serve that glorious Union which has made us the
greatest and freest nation on the earth. I speak
by the indulgence of my colleague, and I cannot
now elaborate this proposition. I submit it for the
consideration of the House as a peace-offering
which requires no sacrifice of principle from any
one. I thank the House for its attention and my
colleague for his kind indulgence.
Mr. GROW. I ask my colleague whether his
successor is not already elected?
Mr. MONTGOMERY. Certainly; and he is
a good Union man and a conservative Democrat.
But my proposition has nothing to do with my
successor; my proposal relates to my own term.
Mr. McPHERSON resumed the floor.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. With the
permission of my friend from Pennsylvania, I de-
sire to propound an inquiry to the chairman of the
committee of thirty-three. I wish to ask him how
long he proposes this debate shall be run before
we aic brought to vote upon the report.
A Member. The chairman is not here.
Mr.McPHERSON. Three monthsagoalle^
were turned to behold, and all hearts to welcome
the free nation rising out of the Italian sea. Her
release from long-wornfeUcrs, coincidentwith the
emancipation of Russia's serfs; the unheralded
concessions of the French Emperor; the alleviat- ,
ing tendencies of the continental Powers; and the
ever-widening sweep of England's civilization,
marked the period as an era in the progress of
humanity. Over its pleasing realizations, what
nature was not joyous? Of its magnificentprom-
isings, who was not gladly hopeful? To us, of
America, the picture was the brighter because,
with pardonablepride, we saw ourselves re/lected
in it; our principlesrecognizcd, though not wholly-
adopted; and our example and institutions meas-
urably followed and reproduced. The throes ot
that classic and suffering people, as in agony and
blood they disowned the despot, and claimcd and
won their freedom, awakened our warmest sym-
pathies; and our brother-feeling strengthened as
we saw in their heroic leader rare virtues, which
place him near the side of Washington.
Externally, all was well. Within ourselves, how
much to call forth thankfulness NThe nation was
never richer, stronger, or more prosperous. A
bountiful crop had filled our garners, relieved in-
debtedness, and driven away the shadow of former
revulsion. Trade wasactive. Our matchless land
and water ways were crowded. Our population
were busy. Wealth flowed in from Europe as it
had rarely done before, and labor, in every occu-
pation, was adequately paid. Under such circum-
stances, on the 6th day of November last, nearly
five million American voters, in the exercise of
the most precious right of citizenship, cast their
ballots for the Chief Executive of the nation.
A night passes, and another day. The flashing
wires announce the choice, and good citizens re-
sume their duties. With the next rising sun, come
mutterings and threatening®—dissonant and un-
natural. Gradually they swell higher and higher,
until they arrest and absorb attention as they
shrilly penetrate the remotest corners of the land.
Crossing the Atlantic, and reaching alike ancient
friends and ancient enemies, there comes back a
united and beseeching remonstrance against so
horrible a purpose, so monstrous a crime, as the
disruption of this Government. Two weeks pass
around, and on all sides business is paralyzed,
crops remain unmoved, banks suspend, exchange
is practically stopped, securities, even those of
the Government, reach nominal prices, and the
whole fabric of trade totters—every citizen being
more or less a loser. Patriots within the country
combine to check the maddening torrent of feel-
ing; but it rolls on. One, two, three, four, five,
States have already yielded to thestorm,andothers
stand tremblingly before it. It threatens to en-
gulf a whole section of the Republic. Such a
phenomenon, so threatening and wide-reaching,
should concentrate all thought upon itself.
It has been said, wc are in the midst of a revo-
lution. It is more accurate to say, that we are in
the presence of a vast conspiracy, which has at
length assumed the proportions of revolution. I
propose to examine and try to understand it.
Whence comes it? By what means? Whither
does it tend? Three pregnant questions.
the conspiracy.
The blows come from conspirators, who admit
that long ago they laid the plan, that caiefully
they have prepared the means, and that such has
been their life-labor. Turning to the proceedings
of the Legislature of the State of South Carolina
in 1850, m a debate upon a proposition for a
southern Congress, we find thatone member (Mr.
W. S. Lyles) said thatthe remedy for their wrongs
was the union of the South and the formation of a
southern confederacy. Several members declared
their purpose so to vote on the pending bill as to
hasten the dissolution of the Union. Mr. Keittsaid
he would sustain the bill providing for the elec-
tion of delegates to a southern Congress, because
he thought it would bring about a more speedy dis-
solution of the Union. In the "sovereign conven-
tion" of South Carolina, recently in session, one
member (Mr. Parker) said, in the debate upon
thp secession ordinance, "This is no spasmodic
wort that has come suddenly upon us; but it has
>een grad uai 1 y cu i mi natin gfor a long series of years,
until, at last, it has come'to that point when we
may say the matter is entirely right." Another
member (Mr. Inglis)said: " Most of us have had
this matter under consideration for the last twenty
years." Another member,(Mr. Keitt,) recently
