1492
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 22,
prevalent American, idea; and let me say here,
thiat I hope it will be but a very few months
hence when it will come again to be the prevalent,
the universal American idea.
Sir, I am reminded that, in the very infancy of
the* Republic, we found a war upon our hands, a
civil war; that then we encountered two classes
of enemies.—the British regulars whom we met
and contended with upon the field, and the Ameri-
can irregulars, tlve Tories, who were not found in
line, but who were lurking under hedges, who
were firing at' the troops of the Republic from
behind old logs, from out of every forest and of
every bunch of bushes. They had arms; they
furnished them to the enemies of their country,
not to its friends. They had provisions; they
fed the enemies of their country, not its friends.
The armies of the Republic got no aid, no sup-
port from them whatever. Sir, it is not my fault,
I dare say it is not the fault of the Senator from
Illinois, that I was reminded of this passage in
our history by his speech the other day; but I do
vehemently think it was the fault of the speech
itself.
We have a new Administration just come into
power. It has proclaimed its earnest desire, its
fixed purpose, to maintain the authority of the
United States—not the authority simply of this
Administration or of that, but the authority of
the people of the United States—by peaceable
means, if peaceable means will suffice. That is the
settled policy, as I understand it, of the Admin-
istration now existing. Is it not a laudable, is it
not a lawful, purpose? Is it not a purpose which
demands the best efforts and the best energies of
every one of us ? Does it receive the support of
those efforts and those energies ? Certainly, it
seemed to me that the Senator from Illinois was
not furnishing the great aid which I know he can
furnish, to effectuate such a purpose as this. It
seemed to me that he was too captious and too
critical. It seemed to me that, instead of uphold-
ing the hands of the Government, ho was con-
fronting theGovernment, not with arms, not with
any demonstration of force, to be sure, but with
the objections of a very acute mind checking the
Administration here, stopping them there, telling
them " you "must not do this thing; the Consti-
tution of the United States does not warrant it;
you must not strike the enemies of the country
through this place; here is a statute which pro-
hibits it; you must not undertake to collect even
the dues of the Government which belong to it on
ship-board, because a statute forbids it, but you
must collect it at the very port specified in the act;
you must not prevent goods from being brought
into those harbors, because they are the harbors
of the United States, and you have no right to
blockade them, or to prevent goods from being
entered there." Admitting this to be all sound
as matter of law, I simply wish to suggest, if it
be not the part of a friend of the country, of a
friend of the Government, to find means by which
these purposes can be achieved rather than to be
so industrious to point out the difficulties in the
way of achieving them? I do not say that this is
the conduct of a Tory, or like the conduct of a
Tory; but after all, it does seem to me rather to
furnish countenance and support to the enemies
of the United States than to furnish support to the
United States. I allude to it now, not for the pur-
pose of making a specific charge, but simply for
the purpose of admonishing the representatives
of the United States in this Senate that, if we are
to have another revolution thrust upon us, we
should take especial care that the historian who
shali write of it hereafter shall not be compelled
to record that we, the friends of the United States,
found the descendants of the Cow-Boys in the
American Senate.
I believe, sir, that every Senator who has ad-
dressed the Senate upon the resolution now pend-
ing, without an exception, has professed his earn-
est desire that the peace of the country may be
maintained. There has been a marked difference
of opinion as to the methods by which that peace
was to be best preserved. The Senator from Hlk
nois told us with a great deal of force that we must
remove from our friends in the South all cause of
apprehension.* Sir, that is imposing upon us a
great labor. If we could be excused from remov-
ing more than about a hundredth part of the cause
of that apprehension, I should be content with it. I
If they wouid only call upon us to remove so I
many of the causes of that apprehension as spring
from the conduct of the Government, or of the
party from which that Government has emanated,
I would be content with the terms; but the truth
is, the Government has not furnished this cause
of apprehension. The party which is responsible
for the Government, and the party to which I
belong, has done nothing to create that apprehen-
sion; and is, as I deem, in 110 manner responsible
for it. It has been said over and over again that
we have no purpose to trample upon a single
right of any individual, or of any portion of the
country; and, I understand, it has been admitted
by Senators on the other side that these Senators
who surround me on this side of the Chamber,
the representatives of the Republican party, have
no such purpose. How is it that Senators at-
tribute to the party itself purposes which find no
advocate,no representative here? Have not these
apprehensions been occasioned, not by anything
we have done, not by anything we propose to do,
not by anything we have said or threatened, but
have they not sprung entirely from the representa-
tions of those whose habit it has been too much
to malign, to misrepresent, and to traduce them?
The Senator himself, near the close of his
speech, spoke of the possibility of a war being
waged by the North against the South; the pur-
pose of which should be to subjugate one half of
the States of the Union to the other half; to re-
duce (I think was his language) one half the
States of the Union to abject slavery to the other
half. Certainly the Senator will not insist that
any such design exists anywhere; that any such
purpose is entertained by any portion of the
country. What possible motive can any Senator
have, then, for suggesting such a thing? Is it
calculated to remove these apprehensions? Is it
calculated to reduce this alarm? Is it calculated
to allay this excitement? On the contrary, does
not every such suggestion, coming from authority
so high as that, from a source so respectable as
that, tend more than anything else, and more
than all things else, to continue and to increase
this excitement? What is needed to remove all
this apprehension, and every cause for it in the
world, I ask, but that Senators on the other side
of the Chamber should unite with Senators upon
this to tell the country, North and South, East
and West, that we have no purpose of trampling
upon any one's rights, or upon any one's con-
stitutional privileges?
The Senator fiom Kentucky, [Mr. Breckin-
ridge,] the other day, as I understood liirn, de-
clared, very fiankly, that this form of govern-
ment, when administered in aeoordancc with the
terms of the Constitution, he believed was the best
form of government upon earth. Why, then,
seek to change it ? Why, then, seek to disturb it?
Has it not been administered in accordance with
the forms of the Constitution ? If so, whose fault
is it? Not, certainly, the fault of the Republican
party; not the fault of the friends of the Adminis-
tration now in power. We never administered it
a day until the 4th of March, and arc scarcely ad-
ministering it to-day. We are scarcely intrusted
with the administration of the Government, but
only with the administration of one department of
the Government; and that is, the executive. The
laws upon the statute-book, which the President
announces his purpose to execute, are not laws of
our dictation, not laws of Republican devising.
The only right which the Executive challenges is
the right to execute laws which he finds upon the
statute-book, not those which he places upon the
statute-book; and I do not know of a single stat-
ute upon the books affecting this question of sla-
very which has been passed by Republican dicta-
tion; I do not know of one which has not been
passed in defiance of Republican direction.
The Senator from Illinois has met this question,
as his habit is, very frankly and very bravely.
He has not only demanded to know what is the
whole policy of the Administration now in power,
but he has frankly stated to the country what the
policy of that Administration, in his judgment,
should be; and therefore, I suppose, what his pol-
icy would be if he were himself at the head of the
Administration. He has submitted to us three
propositions; and I understand him to say that
the President rrjust choose one or the other, and
stand upon it, ant} he must choose suddenly. He
must either determine uponr-r
" 1. The res to it at; on an  preservation of the
Union bv such amendments to the Constitution as will in-
sure the domestic tranquillity, safety, and equality of all the
States, and thus restore peace, unity, and faternity,to the
whole country.
"2. A peaceful dissolution of the Union, by recog-
nizing tin1 independence of sifch States as refuse to remain
in the Union without such constitutional amendments, and
the establishment of a liberal system ofcommeieial and so-
cial intercourse wiUi thein by treaties of commerce and
amity.
'•3. War, with a view to the subjugation and military oc-
cupation of those States which have seceded or may secede
from the Union.''
Of those three propositions, I understand him
to say the first is decidedly the best. Of those
three propositions, I understand him to say the
last is decidedly the worst. Not to make the
issue too broad, I content myself for the present
with saying, that it seems to me, upon the con-
trary, that the first of these propositions is decid-
edly the worst. I am not going to say that the
last is decidedly the best.
" The restoration and preservation of the Union by such
amendments to the Constitution as will insure the domes-
tic tranquillity, safety, and equality of all the States, ,inci
thus restore peace, unity, and iaternity, to the whole coun-
try."
I confess I have a little difficulty, a little embai-
rassment, in controverting the position of the Sen-
ator upon this first proposition. I admit it is
worded very carefully. I regret that the Senator
had not informed us, at the same time, what those
amendments were which would restore tranquil-
lity to the country, and secure peace and unity
and fraternity to the whole country. I should
have been better prepared to speak to the point
if I had known fully what amendments, in the
judgment of the Senator, were deemed necessary
toeffect these purposes. ThatI desire to see peace
and unity and fraternity restored to the whole coun-
try, 1 am free to assert; and that such is the desire
of every friend of the country I do not doubt; 1
know it must be; but what I object to in tins
proposition is, the admission it contains that fra-
ternity can only be maintained by the adoption
of certain amendments to the fundamental law of
the country; that, to restore any portion of the
people of this country to harmony and to unity
with the balance of it, it is necessary to incorpo-
late into the fundamental law of the country such
amendments as that portion of its people may see
fit to dictate. It does not seem to me that this is
the proper method to bring about unity, to bring
about fraternity; for, if amendments are to be in-
corporated into the Constitution which are ap-
proved by only one portion of the people of the
Union and are disapproved by the balance, while
you may satisfy that portion which dictates the
amendments,it seems to me you must inevitably
dissatisfy that portion of the people which pro-
tests against the amendments.
In order to give satisfaction to the country, it
seems to me, we must have a Constitution not
merely satisfactory to one portion or one section,
but a Constitution which has leceived the assent,
or shall receive the assent, of the whole country.
We have such a Constitution now; a Constitution
which has received the assent of the whole coun-
try. Why should not the whole country be sat-
isfied with it? We have a Constitution, now,
which almost every intelligent man in the country,
from one end of it to the other, has, over and over
again, given, not merely his implied assent to,
but his express assent to, in the most solemn
manner in the world, invoking the judgment of
Heaven upon him as he was true 01 false to the
oath which he took. I say, sir, this Constitution,
thus assented to by the people of the whole coun-
try, should not be changed at the dictation of a
particular part of the country, or by any part of
the country, unless it be that part of the country
which, in accordance with the terms of tiie Con-
stitution, has the legal right to change it. Sub-
mit such amendments, and, when that portion of
the people of the United States approve of them
and adopt them, then, indeed, you may have, for
the time, peace, unity, and fraternity; but it will
be only when you have obtained those amend-
ments irom the judgment of the people of the Uni-
ted States, m accordance with the terms of the
Constitution as it stands, that you will secure this
unity. It will not be when you have obtained
these amendments from the fears of the people of
the United States, or of any portion of them.
The proposition is this: we have a Constitution;
we admit, all of us here, that we ought to support
it, that we have sworn to support it; we admit
