532
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 23,
a member of this House, said he " had been en-
gaged in this movement ever since he entered po-
litical life." He rejoicingly pronounced the Union
buried, and dropped its flag on the grave. An-
other member, (Mr. Rhett,) once a member of
this House, and afterwards a Senator of the Uni-
ted States, said that " the secession of South Car-
olina is not an event of a day, is not produced by
Mr. Lincoln's election, or by the non-execution
of the fugitive slave law, but is a matter which has
been gathei-mg head for thirty years." Thus the
conspiracy is confessed. Ex-Representatives, ex-
Senators, in the face of the world, declare that the
overthrow of the Government was their great ob-
ject of desire and effort, while they were sworn
officers of that Government, receiving compensa-
tion from it, and intrusted with the care of its
vast interests.
Had it not been confessed, it could easily have
been proved. As far back as .[844, Mr. Clay
wrote to a citizen of Alabama:
" From developments now being made In South Carolina,
it i=s perfectly nianileht that a party exists in that State,
seeking a dissolution of the Union, and for that puipose
employ the pretext ofthe rejection ol'SJr. Tyler's abomina-
ble treaty."
In May, 1833, General Jackson, in his letter to
Rev. Andrew J. Crawford, after congratulating
himself on the death of nullification, and the de-
feat and dishonor of its advocates, remarked as
follows:
u The tar 10', it is now known, was a mere pretext." *
* * * "Therefore, the tariff was only the pretext,
and disunion and a southern confederacy the real object."
He then adds the prophetic words:
"The next pretext will be the negrooi slavery question."
How accurately the sagacious patriot measured
the conspirators; how thoroughly he compre-
hended them; how cleaily he foresaw their net-
work of devices!
How firmly they seized the pretext, how per-
severingly they have handled it, let their ever-
increasing agitation, their ever-rising exactions,
their destruction of men and parties for infidelity
to it, and their more and more unreasonable de-
mands, give answer. Do you need further evi-
dence? Recall the secession excitement of 185U,
the Nashville convention of 1851, the frequent
(so-called} southern commercial conventions, the
repeated filibustering expeditions, the secession
demonstrations of 1857-58, and the organization
of '• United Southerners," described and recom-
mended by Mr. Yancey, in his Slaughter letter
of June 15, 1858, whose purpose was to " estab-
lish committees of safety " all over the cotton
States, to "fire the southern heart, instruct tiie
southern mind, give courage to each other, and,
at the proper moment, by one organized, concerted
action, to precipitate the cotton States into a rev-
olution." This league included men of all par-
ties who, (such is the description,) " keeping up
then- old party relations on all other questions,
will hold the southern issue paiamount, and will
influence parties, Legislatures, and statesmen."
What fearful, if not i'atal, measure of success has
crowned their ceaseless endeavors to rouse, excite,
inflame the southern mind to the desired point of
revolution, the seditious condition of the Gulf
Stales demonstrates.
ITS CHARACTERISTICS.
The conspiracy was wide-spread, combined
many powerful influences, and appropriated the
apt agency of a secret, and probably oath-bound,
organization.* It apparently invaded the Cabi-
* "The K. G. C—A secret and oath bound association
the members of winch call themselves the Knights of the
Golden Circle, ha& existed for many months tlnoughout the
cotton Suites. We are informed that, as at pie-sent organ-
ized, it originated in Alabama, under the auspices of^Mt.
Yancey, the whole purpose being the dismemberment of
the union.
u We are now prepared to say, upon authoiity which we
consider entirely unquestionable, that when Mr. Yancey
was in Kentucky lust October, he made the establishment
of tho order ot the Knights of the Golden Circle m Ken-
tucky a part ot his special business, if not his chief business,
lie spoke at Lebanon, in Mai ion county, and romaimn"
there a ilay, orgaui/.eda lodije, or branch, oi whatever else 1
the name may he. We have positive evidence that last i
month, a lodge or biancli was established in Barron county '
—ue presiiMf at G'l.i-gow. Moreover we are assured that ■
tli.-ie is a lodge m this city, and thai lodges an; in tho full 1
tide ol'active operation almost everywhere lhion hout our
State.
" That the obioctofjlie estabiisiunentof the ordei of the
Knights of the Golden Circle is the destruction of the Union
is certain, absolutely certain. tVe are toid that the mem-
bers, at their admission, are solemnly sworn to the disso-
net, making executive officers connivers at, if not
participants in,its atrocious policy. Itpenetrated
the Departments, and used their machinery for its
nefarious purposes. And it has been suggested,
not improbably, that the House and Senate Cham-
bers have not escaped defilement. At its touch,
privacy was penetrated, secret doors opened, all
information gained, and all desirable dispositions
effected. So intelligent were the guiding spirits,
and so perfect their arrangements, that when, at a
given signal, treason lifted its head in a thousand
quarters, few supposed that the sudden and simul-
taneous movement wtis the result of foresight and
preparation. A conspiracy so wide, complete,
and extensive never before threatened the over-
throw of the national Constitution, and the de-
struction of human hopes and rights.
If judged by its causes, real orpretended,itmust
be pronounced unjustified; if by its characteris-
tics, wicked and diabolical.* In every element,
it is hateful and despicable. It was conceived in
disappointed personal ambition, and born of cun-
ning and calculating malignity. It has fed and
thrived upon tho worst of passions, and its very
grossness betrays the hideousness of its life Its
footprints are plainly traceable upon the nation's
pathway for a quarter of a century; and now into
this magnificent but uncompleted Capitol has come
its ghastly and horrid form, its scowling face and
wrathful words and hating heart. To many, un-
suspicious of such depravity, it has come una-
wares. Others have long observed its stealthy
creep. It has been here before. A year ago it
moved angrily through these Marble Halls. It has
returned, tenfold more violent and vicious. As it
is, we must meet it—either succumb to it, parry
it, or maintain the contest necessary to destroy it'.
its history.
This suggests the second point: What means
have brought it? These conspirators live in
southern States, but have, or have had, allies in
northern. Their fust attempt upon the Govern-
ment was made in 1832, when they met the iron
will and sterling patriotism of Andrew Jackson,
whose Roman virtue no bribes could sway or
threats subdue. They retired vanquished, fleeing
to the sand hills of the Palmetto State, where,
nursing their wrath, they kept it warm. While
the hero lived, lie checked and thwarted them.
Dying, he, with wonderful significance, enjoined
his family to use the memorials of his bravery in
defending the Union from "domestic traitors,"
as well as foreign enemies.t From 1840 to 1848
they labored assiduously to corrupt the popular
heart, using artfully the agitation consequent upon
Texan annexation. In 1851 they took stops
towards the overt act; but the southern heart had
lution of the Union at the risk ot hlood. We have notlhe
means of pioving this to the public, but we have not a doubt
of it. (fit is true, the fact is indeed a most shocking one."—
Louisville Journal.
UecenL iniormation, fioni numerous souicea, confirms
this.
* Head this paragraph from the Charleston Mercury, of
December 17, 1S6U.
" Already conn-K from the North, by every mail, themut-
teimg ofthe approaching storm— the cry ot staivmg men.
In a tew buei weeks, the unknown dread will have become
astern reality. And then, when gaunt and shivering men,
women, and childten,shall walk their streets, not alone 01
m pairs, but m de^peiate and savage crowds; and when
the shout shall break upon the car lor ' bread or blood
and when there shall be blood, but little biead ; when starv-
ing labor shall strike tho props fiom undur eipttal; and
when, finally, that gilded temple, the North, built up from
robb'-ry upon the South, shall tall, and laptne among the
rums j,hall f^upply to the laborer the means ot hubr-istenee,
then shall they realize our wrongs and oui mi<?ht? and at
that day may they call upon God, foi He alone will heed
them. Qui eai will be dc.if to their solicitation?. The debt
between us will bo canceled.
f Tn June, 1843, Genem.l Jackson wrote his will with his
own hand, llere are two provisions :
<k Seventh. I bequeath to my beloved nephew. Andrew
J Donelson, son of Samuel DoneUon, deceased, the ele-
gant swoid presented to me by the State of Tennessee, with
this injunction : that he fail not to use it when necessary
in support and piotectionof ourglortous Union, and lor the
protection of the constitutional rights, ot our beloved coun-
try, should they be assailed by foiei^n enemies oi domestic
traitors.
u Eighth. To my grand-nephew, Andiew Jackson Coffee,
bequeath the elegant sword presented tome by the rifle
[
company of New Orleans, commanded bv Captain I^-nYe'
as a memento of my regard, and to bring to hi* teeolicetion
the gallant services of h^ deeea-cd father, General John
Cot)ee, in the late Indian and OiitiM) wai, under m\ com-
inaAd, and Ins gallant conduct in defense of New Oileans
iii<8i'l-10, wall tlu-> injunction: that he wield it in the
protection ot the rights seemed to the Aineriean citizen
under our glorious Constitution against all invaders
whether foreign foes or intestine traitors."
not yet been fired, and the cotton States would
not be precipitated into revolution. Crafty in the
use of pretexts—as observed by Jackson, Clay,
and Benton, and now by all—thoroughly intent
upon their single purpose, watchful of and eager
for opportunity, and gathering energy from defeat,
they have labored relentlessly the last ten years;
an^, aided by the excitement created by the ruth-
less repeal of the Missouri compromise, and the
subsequent despotic Kansas policy of two Dem-
ocratic Administrations, they are now, in 1861, as
if to prove the continuity of their life, executing
the programme marked out in 1851, as most effi-
cient for the destructive work.*
For years they suffered for want of a suitable
agency through which, unsuspected, to reach the
public. For a time they were excluded from the
Democratic party; but they at length reentered
it, arW at once its decay began. By a gradual
process they changed both its creed and policy.
They reversed, as a necessary preliminary, the
theory of the very nature of the Government, and
the source of its power. Jackson, following the
fathers, taught that—
" This is a Government in whieh all the people arc repre-
sented ; which operates directly on the people individually,
not upon tile States ; they retain all the power they did not
grant. But each State, having expiessly parted with so
many powers as to constitute, jointly with the other Stales,
a single nation, cannot, tioin that period, possess any right
to secede; because such secession does not bieak a league,
but destroys the unity of a nation; and any injury to that
unity is not only a breach which would result from the
eontiaveution ot a compact, but it is an offense against the
whole Union. To say that any State may at pleasure se-
cede fiom the Union, is to say that the United States are
not a nation ; because it would be a solecism to contend
that any paitof a nation might dissolve its connection with
the other parts, to their injury or ruin, without committing
any offense."
The southern Democracy of this day, almost
with unanimity, assert and maintain this " right
of secession;" while many northern (especially
Breckinridge) Democrats, mildly denying it,give
them "aid and comfort," by skillfully prating of
the unconstitutionality of coercion. To justify
this form of reasoning;, they deny tho popular
character of tho Government, and rest it upon the
States, defining the relations between the States
as a league, and the General Government as an
agent, which each one is at liberty to discard at
pleasure, and which, as recently expressed, the
seceders are about to hand over to the remaining
partners—themselves retiring! Largely depriv-
ing the national Government of vitality, they have
proportionably exaggerated the State governments
—allegiance to which, in violation of the precise
language and the entire theory of the Constitu-
tion, they have placed first in the scale of obliga-
tion. From defacing the creed of the party, they
proceeded, by an irresistible logic, to denational-
ize its policy, destroying its nobler features, and
supplanting them with either tho shadows of
former substance or the denial of former attri-
butes. They have denied the right and paralyzed
the power of the Government to protect the labor
of the country. They have made of no effect its
power to construct rive rand harbor improvements,
or aid internal commerce. They have destroyed
its efficiency for many important, practical, and
useful purposes, not now necessary to be named,
and have limited its agency to the narrowest fields
" '■ I feel convinced that no effective measures will be
taken by the States separately. The time and energy of
the States would be wasted m fiuitless contest aboui the
pioper remedy, and differences of opinion on this point
would deleat any action at all, even though all tile consult-
ing States should lavor some remedy. If, thoiefore, the
people 01 South Carolina have made up their minds to witll-
drawfiom the Union at-ill events, whether joined by other
States or not, my advice would be to do so without wait-
ing lor the action otanyothcr State; as 1 believe there would
he more probability of favoiahle action on the pait of other
southern States after her secession than beiore. So long
as tile several aggrieved States wait for one another, their
action will be over cautious and timid. Great political
movements, to be successlul, must be bold, and must pre-
sent practical and simple issues. There is, therefore, in my
opiinoiijgieaterptobdbility of the dissatisfied States uniting
with a seceding State than of theii union for the puipose of
secession. The secession of a southern State would star-
tle the wlioie South, and force the other States to meet the
issue plainly; itwould present piactical issue?, and exhibit
everywhere a Wider spread discontent than politicians have
imagined, fn less than two years all the States south of
\ou would unite their destiny to yours. Should the Fed-
elal Government attempt to employ force, an active and
cordial union of the whole South would be instantly ef-
fected, and a complete southern confederacy oiganized.
AH these lesults aie problems which the futuie alone can
solve."—Erlract from. General Quitman's letter to Colonel
John S. Preston, of South Carolina, in 1851.
