1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GrLOBE.
tm
that our obligations to it are no stronger than the
obligations of every other citizen of the whole
country, and every other portion of the country;
and that, when the people of any one State prove
false to it, and abjure it, they are as disloyal and
false as we should be if we were to do the same
thing to-day. This is the Constitution we have.
A portion of the people of the United States, it is
said, have abjured it; it is said, no longer regard
it; it is said, have taken up arms to overthrow it.
1 do not stop to inquire how numerous that por-
tion of the people are, or where they live. They
are a portion of the people of the United States.
I assume that they are less than a majority of the
people, which, in accordance with its terms,might
legally amend it. I assume that, because they do
not seek, by any such methods, to amend it.
But, because this force is paraded against the peo-
ple of the United States, because these threats are
made, it is assumed that we must yield to them,
that we must acquiesce in such terms as thpy see
fit to dictate. That I understand to be the prop-
osition.
Now, sir, it seems to me that that is not the sur-
render of a fort, not the surrender of a ship; not
the laying down of the arms of a-battalion; it
seems to me, it is surrendering the Government
itself, and the very basis upon which it stands.
It seems to me, it is giving up the whole fruits of
the Revolution itself. It seems mc, that" that was
precisely what the Revolution was fought for,
that the people of the United States might form
their own compacts,and secure obedience to them,
when formed, on the part of all the subjects of the
United States. I understand that great privilege
was wrested by three million of the American peo-
ple from the whole power of the British Empire.
Is it possible that that privilege is to be laid down
now by twenty or twenty-five million people to
four or five million ? And is not that the demand ?
If it is anything less than that, if it is an amend-
ment of the Constitution which is demanded, such
as the constitutional majority of the people shall
approve, why not submit it to the people of the
United States, in accordance with the Constitu-
tion itself? Is it the part of patriotism, is it the
part of statesmanship, to take advantage of a great
emergency—of a crisis, if you please—like this,
to say to the people, no matter what your judg-
ment may be upon the policy of that amendment,
your wills must give way,"you must accept the
amendment, because it is necessary—for what?
Not to secure the prosperity of the country, but
to secure your own peace. I must adopt this
amendment, not because I like it; not because my
judgment approves of it, but because I shall en-
counter and aggravate the public peril, if I do
not submit to it, if I do not adopt it.
It does seem to me, sir, that we cannot afford
to have peace upon any such terms. I think that
no such terms ought to be offered. It does not
appear to me to be magnanimous, or even just.
If the peri! be great, the more reason why mag-
nanimous men should not press it. Sir, we heard
here the other day from Senators on the other
side, that the Republican party,as they said, was
in power, and could afford to be magnanimous.
In power, when such perils, when any penis, are
paraded before our eyes in order to subdue our
judgments, or to subdue our wills! That is a
power 1 do not covet. The power I want is that
power which places me above fear. That I have
got; not as the fruit of the late presidential elec-
tion. I inherited that. That is theonly power that
is worth anything to a free people. That is pre-
cisely the power which we cannot afford to aban-
don, which we cannot afford to lay down. I do
not say, " we of the North;" I say, " we of the
Union," cannot afford to lay it down.
I say the lesson which they seek to enforce
upon us here is a lesson which they can no more
afford to teach than we can afford to learn. I say
the precedent which they seek to establish is a
precedent fraught with danger—not merely to us,
but to them and to every portion of the country.
We have heard it before; we have heard it for
many years periodically, not constantly. In the
Congress of the United States, in the national
Legislature, the judgments of the people's repre-
sentatives have been assailed time and again by
this argument. Adopt this measure, approve this
policy, not because it is demanded by the pros-
perity of the country, but because it is demanded
by the peace of the country. Peace! Sir, that
peace which is only preserved by the abandon-
ment of your own judgment, of your own opin-
ions and the opinions of the majority of the peo-
ple of the country, cannot be worth maintaining.
There never would be disturbance in the woild,
if such means were thought worthy of being pur-
sued, in order to preserve tranquillity.
I am not speaking upon the policy of this or
that amendment to the Constitution of the United
States. No such amendment is submitted. We
have none such to talk about. I am saying that
I do not think it becomes the people of the United
States, I do not think it becomes any friend of
the United States, to say that you must (let your
opinions be what they may) reform the Consti-
tution of the United States because it is demanded
by certain citizens who will not submit to the
authority of the United States, unless its Consti-
tution be reformed. Let the precedent be estab-
lished, and how long will it be before a new reform
will be demanded? How long will it be before
another amendment will be urged upon us by the
same identical consideration? If such precedents
should prevail, statesmanship will hereafter con-
sist, not in pointing out the best modes of main-
taining and supporting the Constitution of the
country, but in furnishing the greatest variety of
amendments to it. Let this precedent be submit-
ted to, and hereafter, when your Presidents are
inaugurated, you will see them lay upon the table
before them portfolios filled with ready-made
amendments, and they will swear to support the
Constitution of the United States by the same
means that cobblers support their boots—by fre-
quently mending them.
If there be any provision in the Constitution
which affects injuriously any one class, any one
portion, anyone interest in the whole country, it
seemsto me the part of wisdom, ofstatcsmaiiship,
and of patriotism, is to point out that-difficulty,
and to suggest the amendment which is necessary
to provide against it; and llien to submit to the
justice of the people of the United States the ques-
tion whether that mischief does exist, and to their
justice also whether they will relieve, or will not
do so. Ask it of their judgments—ask it of their
consciences—and do not attempt to force it from
their fears, from their apprehensions.
I do not know, sir—1 am not prepared to say-—
which of the other two propositions submitted by
the Senator from Illinois [Mr. Douglas] is to be
preferred. I cannot undertake to foretell how se-
rious would be the mischiefs resulting from adis-
ruption of our present Union. In the first place,
I do not know where the division would take place;
I do not know what shape the different fragments
would tfike; I do notknow whatinstitutions would
prevail in one portion or in the other. I appre-
hend, sir, that none of us know. I apprehend it
would be the part, not of a wise statesman, but
the act of an exceedingly rash statesman, to un-
dertake to point out all the mischiefs, or any
considerable portions of the mischiefs, that might
spring from the disruption of this Union. If one
could see the end of it, if one could see for a cer-
tainty, that when a single division had been made,
none other would follow, then we might begin to
figure up the consequences. I do not know when
disunion has commenced, where or when it will
end. I really can scarcely conceive of a remedy
that I think promises more difficulties and more
or graver perils, than this remedy of disunion.
In the first place, it is said you will have a Gov-
ernment of the United States left. Is any states-
man here prepared to say—has he calculated—
what will be the exact value of that Government?
It is said, we must have the peaceable acknowl-
edgment o f the i ndependence of those States w hich
have seceded or which may choose to secede. Let
that be published as the policy of the country;
let that be known at home and abroad. Four years
ago, I say, you had a country and a Government
whose credit was unimpaired. You know how
long it took you to acquire that credit. You know
how slowly it was given by the Governments of
the earth to us. You had established it. You
have not lived a century. The whole life of the
nation does not measure a hundred years; but
they have been growing years, glorious years.
You have established your credit throughout the
world. You know the objection was that your
Government was not strong enough; that it could
not ride out a storm; that it would fall to pieces
upon the first trial; that its dangers were not from
outside, but from inside; that the first moment
dissatisfaction and popular passion assail it,- that
moment it would be wrecked and go to pieces.
Popularpassionhasassailed it. Does any one here
say, let it go to pieces, and verify the prediction
which the enemies of the country have been hurl-
ing at us for so many years, and which they have
but just got tired of Hurling at us? How much
confidence will the balance of the Union enjoy'
abroad? How much credit will you continue to
have among the Governments Of the earth ? Is
any one prepared to answer that question ? I am
not.
But, sir, suppose you get present peace by
granting present independence: is any one pre-
pared to say 
Mr. HALE. With the consent of the Sena-,
tor from Wisconsin, who will resume his remarks
to-morrow, I move that the Senate go into execu-
tive session.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
The motion was agreed,to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of executive business;
and after some time spent therein, the doors were
reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Saturday, March 23, 1861.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Gurley.
ELECTION OF PRESIDENT PHO TEMPOKE.
The Secretary (Asbury Dickins, Esq.) called
the Senate to order; and said: With the permis-
sion of the Senate, I will read a letter given to me
yesterday by the Vice President:
VVashinoton, March 22,1861.
Sir : It beins my intention, tn conformity with established
usa^o, and with a view of affording tlip Senate an oppor-
tuimy of choosin? a President pro tempore, to retire for this
session after to dav, J request that you will communicate
this intention to tlie Senate to-morrow at the hour of its
meeting.
Yours truly, . H. HAMLIN,
Vice President of the United~~Slatet>
Asbury Dickins, Esq.,
Secretary of the Senate.
Mr. HALE. Mr. Secretary, I have a resolu-
tion to offer. It requires the unanimous consent
of the Senate to consider it; but I hope there will
be no objection, as it is the usual mode:
Resolved, That, in the absence of the Vice President,
Hon. Solomon- Foot be, and he is hereby, appointed PtesI-
dent pro tempore of the Senate.
The Secretary put the question on the resolu-
tion; and it was agreed to nem. con.
Mr. FOOT was conducted to the chair by Mr.
Hale; and, on taking the chair as President pro
tempore, addressed the Senate as follows: Sena-
tors, I receive this unanimous expression of your
confidence and good will with a full recognition
of the personal compliment which it implies, and,
1 trust, with a full appreciation of the direct and
of the contingent responsibilities which it im-
poses. Not altogether unaccustomed to the duties
of a Presiding Officer, I have learned something
of the delicacy and difficulty which the best ef-
forts to a faithful discharge of those duties not
unfrequently involve. Experience has, indeed,
taught me the necessity of,relying very largely
upon the aid of your kind cooperation and of
your indulgent forbearance—a cooperation and a
forbearance, I am pleased to say, which I have
never seen wanting in this body.
Thanking you for this flattering manifestation
of your personal consideration, 1 can only pledge
you, in return, my utmost endeavours to dis-
charge the duties of the position which you have
assigned me, with fidelity, with vigilance, with
impartiality.
The Journal of yesterday will be read.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Mr. WILSON. I move that a committee be
appointed to inform the President of the election
of a President pro tempore of the Senate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. WilltheSen-
ator indicate the number of that committee?
Mr. WILSON. Two.
The motion was agreed to; and Mr. Wilson
and Mr. Bright were appointed the committee.
NEW SENATOR.
Mr. WADE presented the credentials of Hon.
John Sherman, elected a Senator of the United
States by the Legislature of the State of Ohio to
