1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
533
—thus removing it, as far as possible, from the
people; and whilst, by numerous means, destroy-
ing the centripetal tendencies in our system, they
have intensified the centrifugal, already increased
by our widened territory and its diverse interests,
by unduly elevating the claims and rights of the
Slates, to whose " peculiar system,"as contrasted
with the nation's, they are now, by natural conse-
quence, attempting to give extra-territorial vitality
in derogation of the general weal. The necessary
result of this policy, embraced by many with that
view, has been to weaken the bonds of the Union,
and, by a gradual but certain process, to prepare
the people sought to be enticed for the rebellious
and revolutionary purposes now avowed. On
every occasion, in every mode, and on every sub-
ject save one, they have dwarfed the policy of the
Democratic party, and left it a husk without life-
giving or life-sustaining quality.
I have said, on every subject save one. I refer,
of course, to that which is their chiefest pretext.
On all questions affecting slavery, they treat the
Constitution with violence; stretching it far be-
yond its letter or spirit. To this end they have
adapted themselves successively, with amazing
readiness, to every necessity of the hour. Anx-
ious to break down the doctrine of congressional
prohibition, they adopted the theory of leaving
to the Territorial Legislatures the control of the
"domestic institutions" of the people. That
passing purpose sufficiently secured, they denied
the power of the Territorial Legislatures hostilely
to touch slavery. Using this doctrine for a tem-
porary purpose, they threw it aside as worthless,
setting up in its place the dogma that, as the Con-
stitution recognizes slavery, neither Congress? nor
the Territorial Legislature can prohibit it, and
both must protect it against a hostile local senti-
ment. Proclaiming the sanctity of compromises
until that of 1850 is accepted, they repudiate all
such notions in 1854, and destroy the Missouri
compromise of 18*20, which, while not in their
way, was esteemed ,vell ni h sacred, and fit to be
extended to the Pacific, in their eagerness for
the admission of slave States, they sought, m
1858, to drag Kansas into the Uniou against the
will of her people under a fraudulent slavery con-
stitution which did not embody the popular wish,
and was known to be in opposition toil—a measure
of wrong repudiated by the Territory, condemned
by the conscience of the country, and, after the
actf confessed, by a distinguished supporter, to
have been a disgraceful measure, which "should
have been kicked out of Congress;" while, in
18G0 and 1861, they resisted to the last point the
admission of Kansas with free institutions con-
formable to the popular will. So wholly have
the conspirators wielded the Democraticorganiza-
tion m their destruction of the old land-marks
set up by great men to be preserved forever.
As the conspirators debauched the creed and
policy of the Democratic party, so they manipu-
lated the men of that party, or discarded those
they could not manipulate. In 1844, when Van
Buren promised co be unyielding, they prevented
his nomination by establishing in the convention
a novel and arbitrary rule, till then unknown,
which transferred control of the party from the
majority to the minority, who have held it ever
since, and through it have ruled the country. In
1847, they threatened the "crushing out' pro-
cess against all who advocated the Wilmot pro-
viso. In 1848, General Cass gained their support
by abandoning former opinions, and adopting
new ones, couched, however, in such Delphic
words that they were interpreted oppositely in
different sections. In 1849-50, a sagacious and
patriotic southern President, when resisting their
machinations, was struck down by death. In 1852,
they nominated General Pierce, whose antecedents
and surroundings were satisfactory. During his
administration vast evil was done, and vastly more
prepared. In 1856, they gracefully yielded to the
necessity of the nomination of Mr. Buchanan,
who did not falter in their service until it would
have been treasonable to go further. In I860, their
real character and purpose were disclosed. Fear-
ing and hating Mr. Douglas for one act of dis-
obedience, they expended every effort to prevent
his nomination. The two-thirds rule and other
appliances failing, they kept the Charleston con-
vention several weeks in session, forced an ad-
journment to Baltimore, where, failing to defeat
*Mr. Douglas, they seceded. broke the convention
in twain, nominated a second candidate, hope-
lessly divided the Democratic party, and com-
pelled a Republican victory.
Thus, the Democratic party divided, the Re-
publican party triumphant, the whole southern
people purposely misled as to its opinions and
policy, and the fitting occasion supposed to have
arrived for placing tiie match to the magazine,
the conspiracy was unvailed. To-day it stands
before the American people the most hideous de-
velopment in their history or that of any other
nation.
its purpose and path.
I proceed to the third question: whither does
it tend, and by what path? The path is the as-
serted right of secession; the end, the dissolution
of the present Union. On the other question, at
least equally important—what shall follow disso-
lution? there is great difference of opinion. Some
prefer a southern confederacy, with a constitution
much like the present,; others propose a recon-
struction of this Government, with new guaran-
tees and conditions, on the extent of which they
again differ. All, however, I believe, ag;ree in
"sloughing- off" New England. Others incline
to a constitutional monarchy; others again, as
foreshadowed by Governor Pickens, of South
Carolina, to a strong military government. There
is this much method in their madness: they agree
upon the destructive partof their policy, but largely
differ upon the constructive; no new experience,
since to pull down requires only brute force, to
build up requires great qualities. I have heard
it lately said that three things were necessary in
governmental construction: wise men, money,
and the favor of God. If this be true, this south-
ern movement musthave disastrous termination.
Tho path chosen is by the alleged right pos-
sessed by each State to secede at pleasure from
the Union. It is scarcely necessary to say that
this isadoctrme wholly wj thoutauthority, against
common sense, and repudiated in terms by the
most eminent of our statesmen. Mr. Madison,
in the recently published letters to N. P. Trist,
Esq., written in 1832, says:
I partake of tin; wonder that the men you name should
view secession in the lightmentioned. The essential ditfer-
er.ee between a free government and a government not free
is, that the former is founded la compact, the parties, to
which hi-p mutually and equally bound by it. Neither of
them, therefoie, can have a greater right to break off from
the bargain than the other or others have to hold him to it.
And eeitainiy then? is nothing in the Virginia resolutions
of 1798 rid verse to this puuciplc, which is that of common
sense and common justice. The fallacy which diaws a
different conclusion horn them lies m confounding a single
pai ry with the parties to the constitutional compact of the
United HMtes. The latter, having made the compact, may
do what they wilt wifh it. The toimer, as one of the par-
tie?, owes fidelity to it till released by consent, or absolved
by an intolerable abu^e of the power'ci rated."
In the same letter Mr. Madison alludes to Mr.
Jefferson's opinions as expressed in his letters to
Monroe and Carrmgton, to the effect that it was
not necessary to find a "right to cocrce in the
Federal articles, that being inherent in the nature
of a compact."
Mr. Madison again says:
"Many seem to have lost sight of the great principle,
that compact is the ba<is and essence office government;
and that no ri«ht to disregard it helongs to a paity til! re-
leased from it by causes of which the other parties have
an equal right to judge, in the event of an irreconcilable
conflict, not of rights, but of opinions and claims of right,
force becomes the arbiter."
Again: he called upon all real friends of the
Union to << finally rally against those speculative
errors, which, assuming a practical character, must
subvert it."
The same views are found in his correspond-
ence with Mr. Webster, and, at an earlier date,
with Alexander Hamilton, to whom, pending the
ratification of the Constitution by the State of
New York, he said:
" I\Iy opinion i«i, that a reservation of the right to with-
draw if amendments be not decided on under the form ot
the Constitution, within a certain time, is a conditional
ratification ; that it does not make New Vork a member of
the Union; and consequently, that she should not hp re-
ceived on that plan. Compacts must be reciprocal; this
principle would not, in such case, be preserved. The
Constitution requires an adoption in toto and forevcr."
General Jackson is icpeatedly on record; and
in his message to Congress on the 16th of Janu-
ary, 1833, declared that—
"The right of the people of a single State to absolve
themselves at will, and without the consent of the oilier
States, from their rao*t solemn obligations, and hazard the
liberties an'I happiness of the millions composing tbi?
Union, cannot be acknowledged 5 and. swell authority is
utterly repugnant both to the principles upon which the
General Government is constituted and the objects WhieU
it was expressly foimed to attain."
The doctrine has never been countenanced by
the Supreme Court, or by such statesmen as John
Quincy Adams, Clay, Benton,or Webster. It is
a doctrine unknown in history,^ancientor mod-
ern, and especially in those confederacies whose
frames were so carefully studied by the fathers
of our Government. In 1833, the Legislature of
Kentucky declared, by resolution, that" the right
of secession is not only unauthorized by the Con-
stitution, but is repugnant to its letter and spirit."
In 3851, the State convention of Mississippi, called
to consider the compromise measures of 1850,
resolved that—
" The asserted light of secession from the Union 011 the
part of a State is utterly unsanctioned by the Federal
Constitution."
Mississippi is now a seceding State—so read-
ily are discarded opinions assumed when suited
to a supposed emergency.
So much for the path, which has been hewn by
force, and does not legally exist.
ITS JUSTIFICATION.
Now for the justifying reasons. Mr. Madison
soys a people maybe absolved from allegiance
when there is, on the part of Government, "an
intolerable abuse of the power created." Does
that abuse exist ?
I propose to examine this point fairly—waiv-
ing all technical points—and therefore to con-
dense from the papers issued by the convention
of South Carolina a statement of their grievances
in justification of their action. Those papers are
two in number—the address to the slaveholding
States, and the declaration of independence, each
prepared by a separate committee; the former
reported by Mr. Memminger, the latter by Mr.
Rhett—both gentlemen in harmony with the sen-
timent of their State, and thoroughly familiar with
the causes of complaint.
The former paper is the more elaborate. It
opens with n statement " that the one great evil,
from which all otherevils have flowed, is the over-
throw of the Constitution of the United States;"
the Government being no longer free, but a des-
potism, such a Government as our fathers resisted
in 1776. U assumes a parallelism between the
* « Now, I have taken the pains of examining all eonfed-
eiacica of which we have any knowledge, In none ot the
many Greek confederacies did the right of secession exist,
so far a-> we can tiace their fundamental principles. In
some raip eases an unfaithful member may have been ex-
pulsed. But in the most important of all these confedera-
cies, and in that which icceived the most complete organiza-
tion, resembling, m many points, our own, in the Achaean
League there existed no right of secession; and this is proved
by the following case: when the Romans had obtained
the supiemacy ovei Hellas, and Greece was little more
than a province ot Rome, the /Etolians respectfully waited
upon the Roman commissioner, Gallus, to solicit permis-
sion to secede trom the League. He sent them to the Sen-
ate, and the secessionists obtained at Rome tJie permission
to withdiaw—no 4 leading case,' i suppose, for Americans.
The Amphietyonic Council allowed of no secession. It
was Fan-IieNemc, and never meant to be otherwise. The
medieval leagues of the Lombard cities, of the Swabian
cities, and ol the Rhenish cities, permitted no spontaneous
withdrawal; but the fortunes of the fiercest wars waged
against thein by the nobility would occasionally wrench off
a member, and produce disruptions. The great llanscatic
League, which, by its poweriul union of distant cities, be-
came one of the most efficient agents in civilizing Europe,
and which, as Mr. Huskisson stated in Parliament, carried
trade and manutacture into England, knew nothing of seces-
sion until the year 1630, when the princes, gie^Uy for the
treasures of her cities, had decreed her destruction, and
forced many members to secede. Tins is no leading case
either. „ ,
The Swiss Confederacy, the Germanic Federation,
know and know nothing of secession; nor did the United
States of the Netherlands, so much studied by some of our
framers, and by Washington among them, admit the with-
drawal of any single State.
" AH these contederacies consisted of a far looser web
than ours. None had a federal government comparable
to ours, yet they never contemplated such a right. And
should we do so—we, with a firmer union, a better under-
standing of politics, a nobler consciousness of our mission
as a nation, and greater blessings at stake? Should we,
indeed, of all men that ever united into federations, treat
our Government, by which we excel ail other united gov-
ernments. as a sort of political picnic to which the invited
guest may go and cairy his share of viands or not, as lie
thinks fit. oi the humor may move him? Are all the n£hts
on the side of the States—thai is, the individuals, and all
the obligations and obligations only, on the side ot tne
confederacy—that i«, the whole? This doctrine 13> the
French theory of excessive individual right and personal
sovereignty applied to States, and naught else. I'twcw
Liebcr, L.L, D., Mireis My 4,1851, at Greenntlc, Sovih
Caro!in<r.<
