TH® CQNGMSSIOFAL GLOBE.
March 28,
fill.the vacancy occasioned by the resignation of
Hon. Salmon P. Chase.
The credentials were read; ana the oath pre-
scribed by law having been administered to Mr.
Sherman, he took his seat in the Senate.
EXECUTIVE MESSAGES.
Several messages in writing were received from
the President of the United States, by Mr. J. G-
Nicolay, his Secretary.
• PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
: Mr, SIMMONS. Mr. President, I rise for the
pnrpese of making a personal explanation. I find
ni the' Gflbbe of yesterday some remarks which
appear to have been addressed to me, or to the
Chair, propounding questions to me in reference
to some remarks of mine a few days since in the
Senate. It is unnecessary to readatlength these
remarks of 4he Senator from North Carolina,
[Mr. Clingman.] The substance of the com-
plaint is contained in a single sentence, which I
will read:
" While he was going on\vitli his remarks, one or two
Senators, as I was interrupting him, said to me, ' A&k liim
what Senators he refers to as not entitled to seats on this
floor.' I did put the question to hun, therefore, and he
declined to state."
Then there is a very severe commentary on an
extract from a newspaper, and he supposes I
might, and, in fact,"must, have furnished the ac-
count of what was going on here to that news-
paper- Now, in the first place, the Senator never
put any such question to me as that. I have
looked over all the questions that he asked me—
and I belieive I was interrupted from ten to a dozen
times during my remarks—and there was no such
question put to me. I never decline to answer
any question that any Senator puts to me, if it is
a proper question. To be sure, in the debate that
"was going on that day, the Senator often inter-
rupted me; but having done about what cipher-
ing I intended to do in regard to the tariff, I did not
choose then to go into a tariff speech, and I par-
ried, ofc well as I might, the interruptions.
Now, if the Senator will look over the whole
catalogue of his questions, he will find that he did
not put any such question. No doubt he thought
so, but he is entirely mistaken; he did not ask
me to what Senator I alluded. I stated the sub-
stance of ci conversation, which I had, some two
years ago or more, with a Senator who has loft,
the Senate, his State having seceded. He asked
me if I would state who that Senator was. I told
him no, I did not choose to state private conver-
sations with anybody. He then asked me, if I
would name the State he was from. I told him
no, for then he would probably pick him out.
These were the only questions he asked me m
referencc*to Senators.
Since reading this, I have looked over the ac-
count of the debate as it occurrcd, in the Globe,
and I find that there were ten or a dozen questions
put to me, but none of them of this import; so
that the whole charge goes for nothing. As to
furnishing newspapers with reports of what I say
here or particular resolutions that I offer, I thought
I had been long enough in the Senate not to have
been suspected of any thing of that sort. Besides,
if he had carefully read what was in the news-
paper, he would find that that is not a correct ac-
count of the resolution I did offer; and probably,
if I had furnished the account, I should have fur-
nished a correct one.
There has grown up a habit here, Mr. Pres-
ident, recently, that I have become pretty much
accustomed to now, but 1 thought it rather sin-
gular when I returned to the Senate, after an ab-
sence of some time. I allude to the practice, when
a Senator gets up and addresses the Chair, of half
a dozen or a dozen interruptions taking place be-
fore he has spoken fifteen minutes. That was
not formerly the ease. I make no kind of com-
plaint of it; but it appeared a little singular to me
that such a long string of questions, and such
violent criticisms upon my debate, should have
been made in my absence. I could have satisfied
the Senator from North Carolina, in half a min-
ute, that he was altogether mistaken, if I had been
here to do so. If he asked such a question, as
he supposed, I certainly did not hear it, and the
reporters did not hear it, and they sit nearer to
him than I do. When I get up to speak on a
simple amendment that I offer, I decline going
into a debate that involves the whole revenue sys-
tem of the country, and the expectation of what
this tariff will bring in, and all that sort of thing.
The Senator stated, two or throe times, that, in
his judgment, our new revenue system would not
bring us $20,000,000 a year. 1 did not, myself,
with all respect to the Senator, consider that it
was necessary for me to give a counter opinion
to that. I will only say to him and to the ben-
ate, what I have said in correspondence with large
importers in New York, who sometimes write me
for copies of this tariff, and give me their views
of the effect it will have. Yesterday or the day
before, I answered such a letter from a man who
asked me for a copy of this tariff. He said he
thought the new bill would bring less revenue
than the old one, and that it would not last two
years. I wrote him back that the best reply to
his prediction jvas to make another one, and^ I
would make one, and that was, that the iiist six
months of the next fiscal year, this tariff would
brino- in §30,000,000 or more, and that within one
year0he would be in favor of it; and I asked him
just to put that note alongside of his, and patri-
otically await the result. I would commend the
same thing to the Senator from North Carolina.
I think he had better let itgo into operation betore
he stirs up opposition to it. .
Mr. CLINGMAN. With the permission of
the Senate, I will say but a single ward. The
honorable Senator from Rhode Island says that
the report of his resolution in the Baltimore Sun
is not a correct one. I presume he is right about
that. . „
Mr. SIMMONS. I did not say its the Sun,
but the extract the Senator read, as published in
the Globe. I have not seen the Sun.
Mr. CLINGMAN. That may be so.^ There-
port in the Globe was not published until the day
after I made my remarks. I read what purported
to be the Senator's resolution in the Sun, and I sup-
posed it was correctly reported. He says furthei,
that I did not put to him such a question as I
stated. At that time, my question and his re-
sponse had not been published, and I could not
recur to it. All I recollected, was that when he
alluded to that subject, he said that some Senator
had informed him that certain of the States would
change, or perhaps had changed, the oath—I do
not recollect which.
Mr. SIMMONS. He said he advised them to
do so.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Yes; had advised them to
do it, and m that connection, I supposed I putques-
tionsto him with a view ofascertaimng what States
they were. The honorable Senator tells me that he
does not think I put the question in that pointed
form, and he refeis to the report in the Globe. It
is not very material whether I did or not. I had
seen in one or two papers—in several, indeed-—a
statement that the resolution of the honorable
Senator was aimed at me, and was intended to
cast censure on the Legislature of my State. My
sole object, therefore, was to obtain a disclaimer,
or, if it were true, to ascertain the fact, in order
that I might take steps, it necessary, to defend the
Legislature of my State. From what the Sena-
tor says now,it is not necessary, I presume, that
the matter should go any further. He informs
me—and that will, no doubt, go into the papers—
that, as far as ho was concerned, this statement
was made without his authority. I am willing,
therefore, that it shall rest there; and on the sub-
ject of the tariff, he and I have both discussed it,
in the Senate and elsewhere, too much to render
it necessary that we should debate it now. I will
no longer ask the indulgence of the Senate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. These expla-
nations have been made by unanimous consent.
They present no question for the consideration of
the Senate.
ELECTION 01' OFFICERS.
Mr. HALE. I move that the Senate proceed
to the consideration of the resolution submitted
by me yesterday, in regard to the organization of
the officers of the Senate.
Several Senators. Read the resolution.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Resolved, That the Senate will, on Saturday, tlie 23d
. instant, at two o'clock, proceed to the election oi a Ser-
1 eeant-at-Arniri and Doorkeeper, and an Assistant Door-
j keeper.
I Mr. BRIGHT. I move to postpone the further
i consideration of the resolution until the first Mon-
| day of December next.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Indiana moves to postpone the further con-
sideration of the resolution until the first Monday
of December next.
Mr. BRIGHT. I do it for the reason that there
is a very small attendance of Senators on this side
of the Chamber, and there cannot be anything like
an expression of the Senate if the resolution is
acted on to-day. I think it much better that it
should be postponed until we can have a full
Senate.
The PRESI DENT pro tempore. The question
is on the motion to postpone.
Mr. HALE. Has the Senate voted to take up
the resolution ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
was not put on the motion to take up the reso-
lution for consideration. The first question is on
taking it up. That must be decided before the
motion of the Senator from Indiana would be in
01 Mr. BRIGHT. I did not understand the Chair.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
is to take up the resolution for consideration. _ If
it bo taken up for consideration, then the motioi>
of the Senator from Indiana will be in order; but
it is not in order upon the question of taking it up.
Mr. BRIGHT. I was under the impression
that it was before the Senate. Is there not a spe-
cial order for to-day ?
The PRESIDENT;)™ tempore. The unfinished
business of yesterday is the special order.
Mr. BRIGHT. And a Senator who has not fin-
ished his speech is entitled to the floor?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Wisconsin [Mr. Howe] is entitled to the
floor on that special order.
Mr. BRIGHT. I inquire of the Senator from
New Hampshire if he would not prefer that the
special order should be taken up first.
Mr. HALE. I think we had better dispose of
this resolution first, in some way.
Mr. BRIGHT. Very good. I ask for the
yeas and nays on the motion to take up the reso-
lution.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 28, nays 13; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Baker, Bingham, Chandler,
Clark, Collamer, Cowan, Dixon, Doolittle, Fessenden,
Foot, Foster, Grimes, Hale, Uaitan, Harris, Howe, Kin*,
Lane, Morrill, Sherman,. Simmons, Sumner, Trumbull,
Wade, Wilkinson, Wilmot, and Wilson—28.
NAYS—Messrs. Breckinridge, Bright, Douglas, Johnson,
Latham, MitcheI,Nesmith, Nicholson, Polk, Powell, race,
Thomson, and Wigfall—13.
So the motion to take up the resolution was
agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro te-nvpore. The question
is on agreeing to the resolution.
Mr. BRIGHT. I now renew my motion to
postpone it to the first Monday of December next;
and on that motion I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. Mr. President, I
trust the motion of the Senator from Indiana will
prevail. It is well known to Senators that, if we
procced to the election of aSergeant-at-Armsand
Assistant Doorkeeper, it will very soon be fol-
lowed by the removal of all the subordinate offi-
cers around the Senate—messengers and others,
I understand from Senators who have more ex-
perience here than myself, that it has not been
customary, in changes of parties, to change the
officers of the body. If, however, it is the pur-
pose of the majority to change the officers,! would
not object to it, nor would I make any unusual
or irregular opposition at a regular session of the
Senate, when it was full; but seeing that these
officers have relied on the custom which has here-
tofore prevailed, and that many of them are in
circumstances to leave them quite destitute if they
are now thrown out of employment, I think it but
just, at least, to give them an opportunity, during
'the recess, to make arrangements for the change,
if it is to come. I trust, therefore, the motion of
the Senator from Indiana will prevail.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 14, nays 28; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Breckinudge, Bright, Clingman, Doug-
las, Johnson, Latham, Muchel, fresmith, Nicholson, Poik,
Powell, Rice, Thomson, ami Wuzfall—14.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony. Baker, Bingham, Chandler,
Clark, Coliamfr, Cowan, Dixon, Doolittle, Fessesuu'i!,
Fool, Foster, Grimes, Hale, Ilarlan. Howe, King, Lane,
Moniil. Simmons, Sherman, vSumner, Ten Eyck, liurn
bull, Wade, Wilkinson, Wilmot, and Wilson—'28.
