THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 23,
[Laughter.] I take it for granted that a great
many people who haVe come here are disap-
pointed, and they are no doubt pressing Senators
on the other side. They tell us that they think
the two removals now proposed willlSe sufficient.
This is a mistake. When you make those, there
will be others just as greedy, who will want the
third and the fourth and the fifth places, and there
■will be the same pressure; and if you turned out
every officer under the control of the Senate, you
■would then have1 hundreds of disappointed men.
„Why attempt to carry out that policy? We all
know that Mr. Clay used to hold—and many Sen-
ators on the other side I know express a great re-
gard for his opinions—it was a leading idea of his
policy, that there should not be proscription for
opinion's sake,and Ido not know how many hun-
dred speeches he made to that effect. He seemed
desirous of preventing the President removing of-
ficers merely because of their political opinions.
The Senate have always, as gentlemen around me
state,-acted on that principle. They get a man in
office; he proves to lie efficient, and they keep that
man there. The Senate has changed its politics
several times during the last twenty years, I be-
lieve; but there has never yet been a sweeping out
of these officers; and it suems to me it is radically
wrong. If you get a new set of officers, they may
prove tn time to be as good as the old ones, but
can be no better; and very likely we shall suffer
inconvenience in the first instance. We have to
run the risk of getting some bad officers. We pro-
duce a great deal of dissatisfaction and suffering,
with no corresponding benefit.
It may be said that these men, who have been
getting the benefit of the places, ought now to give
place to somebody else. 1 think the experience
of every Senator will warrant me in stating that
not one man in ten is benefited in a pecuniary
point of view by getting office. Most men of
capacity will make as much, and save more, out
of office than in it. If you keep the present set
of office-seekers out, the probability is that they
will do just as well at home; butif you throw out
the men "who are here, they must, for a time at
least, suffer great inconvenience. Above all, how-
ever, we of the Senate will find a new set of men
in, whom we do not know as well, who will not
discharge our business with the same easo, and
we shall probably find some of them inefficient
officers.
I shall be opposed, therefore, to this proposi-
tion, either now or at the next session; hut it does
seem to me, as has been well said, that if you in-
tend to make the change, it is hut fair to let those
officers, who have been laboring for the last three
or four months, have the benefit of the lighter
labors of the ensuing season; and then, when a
full Senate gets together, when the vacant seats
on this side, some of them at least, are filled, if
the majority deliberately determine that they want
a change, for one, if 1 should happen to be here,
I would not resist it, except by merely voting
against it.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Mr. President, I do not un-
derstand any one to charge or intimate that cither
of the officers proposed to be removed has been
unfaithful, incompetent, or discourteous, or m the
habit of m any manner failing to perform big du-
ties satisfactorily. Hence we are to infer that
thoyareto bo removed purely on political grounds.
I join in the expression of regret that political
proscription is now to enter the Senate for the first
time, it has entered the other departments of the
Government, and become a general practice, 1
think, greatly to the public injury and demoral-
ization. 1* think all men of all parties are becom-
ing satisfied of that by every day's experience.
I had hoped that the Senate would escape that
fate which has overtaken the other branches of
the Government. I had ho'ped that political pro-
scription would not begin here. 1 spc no reason
to su ppose that it is going to cease with these two
removals, when there is no intimation of a want
of capacity and fidelity in the performance of then-
duties. If we were told that these officers were
incompetent, or that they had notperformed their
duties faithfully, or that there was cause for re-
moval growing out of the publ ic interests, it would
present a different state of the case. I apprehend
no such intimation will bo made. I apprehend
every Senator would bear testimony to the fidelity
andgeneral bearing of these officers. I will say that
I do not know the politics, 1 believe, of more than
one of the officers of the Senate. I may have
heard others express their opinions, but I cannot
call to mind, now, any one of the officers, or iden-
tify any one, in all the departments of the Senate,
whose politics [ could specify, except one single
officer; and I have never heard that one express
himself in a manner that could be 'offensive to any
member of the Senate.
But I suppose it is not necessary to argue the
question. I do not wish to interpose any factious
opposition, but simply to express my conviction
that we are taking a step in the wrong direction,
when, at this day, we begin the work of pro-
scription in this body, on political grounds, or to
reward political favorites.
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President, I believe we
were called together for the dispatch of executive
business. That is my understanding of the object
of convening the Senate; that is our business here;
and for the purpose of dispatching such business
as we were called or detained here for the pur-
pose of doing, 1 move that we go into executive
session. I will say in this connection, in making
this motion, that, before this resolution passes, I
have something to say upon it. It cannot pass
for the present; and therefore, for the purpose of
expediting the business for which wc have been
retained or called together, I move that we go into
executive session.
The question being put, there were, on a divis-
ion—ayes 12, noes 20; no quorum voting.
Mr. TRUMI4ULL We must have the yeas
and nays, or a recount, I suppose. I think tlieie
is a quorum in the Chamber. I ask for the yeas
and nays on the motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 9, nays 23; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Breckinridge,Clingmun. Douglas, John-
son, Mitchel, Nesmith, Nicholson, Rice, and WigialJ—9.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Baker, Bingham, Chandler,
Clark, Colkuuer,Cowan, Dijon, Doohttlo^cs&endpn, Foot,
Foster, Hale, Iiarlan, Harris, Howe, Kin?, Lane, Latham,
ftloirill, Sherman, Sumner, Ten Eyck, Tiumbull, Wade,
Wilkinson, Wilmot, and Wilson—28.
So the Senate refused to proceed to the consid-
eration of executive business.
The PRESIDENT -pro tempore. The question
now recurs on the motion of the Senator from
Kentucky, to postpone the further considera-
tion of the resolution until the second Monday of
December next,
JVIr. CLINGMAN. Have the yeas and nays
been ordered on that motion?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. They have
not been ordered.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I hope they will be.
The yeus and nays were ordered.
Mr. NESMITH. Mr. President, I belong to
that, party 111 politics who, in the history of this
Government, have recognized to the fullest extent
that the spoils belong to the victors. The only
question is us to the time when it is proper to
scalp the dead and strip the wounded. From
what I have heard Senators say who have been
long on this floor, it seeir.s that this is an un-
usual course; that while the Administration has
disposed of all the offices that were within its con-
trol, the Senate has been a sort of conservative
institution that did not participate in these squab-
bles about office. For that reason, Mr. Presi-
dent, i voted against proceeding to the consider-
ation of thisquestion,and I propose to vote against
the resolution.
I know that the Administration is very much
embarrassed. I know that there is a throng here
of countless spoilsmen who desire place. 1 meet
them everywhere. I have had, within the last
two days, some business to transact at the De-
partments, and I have found every avenue to the
office of every Secretary and every head of a bureau
of this Government crowded with hungry office-
seekers—old men and young men; long, gaunt,
lean young men; old, limping, bald-headed gen-
tlemen'—choking up the avenues to the various
Secretaries of this Government, when I had busi-
ness relative to the interests of my constituents,
and could notgetan opportunity to have an inter-
view with them.
This state of facts exists, too, sir, at a time when
the Administration and the Government should
have something else to think about. It is said that
Nero fiddled while Rome was burning, and here
are forty thousand office seekers fiddling around
the Administration for loaves and fishes, while the
Government is being destroyed. Ordinarily, it
may be justifiable in the Administration to make
removals, to turn out good men, bad men, or
indifferent men, and place other men whom they
doubtless coifceive to be more competent in their
places; and to that I have no objection. 1 have
very little sympathy with the defeated, and I have
stilt less with the victors. I am willing that there
should be a general removal: and, as 1 stated at
the commencement, recognizing the doctrine that
the spoils belong to the victors, 1 am willing that
those men who won the victory should have the
spoils; but I protest against that doctrine being
applied to this body. I think, as the distinguished
Senator from Kentucky has said, that these men
having held the offices, and having discharged the
duties, having performed the labors during the
session, ought to be continued during the vaca-
tion, and allowed whatever perquisites may fairly
arise from their offices. "When we meet in De-
cember, it will be ample time to reorganize and
appoint new officers; and in that event I shall
interpose no objection.
I apprehend that this question has been forced
npon the Senate by the pertinacity of office-seek-
ers—men who have been disappointed. They
are here, as I said before, in throngs—all sorts of
men—who desire place; and there are a great
many of them who have been disappointed. It
would take a miracle, such as that performed by
our Saviour when he fed five thousand people
with five loaves and two little fishes, to satisfy all
thesegreedy camp-followers. [Laughter.] There
has been a great deal of talk about cocrcion, and
about the use of Federal bayonets. If I were in
the place of Mr. Lincoln, considering the present
exigencies of the country, considering that the
Union is dissolving and disintegrating beneath
our feet, I would turn the Federal bayonets against
the office-seekers; I would drive them from the
purlieus of this city as Yon Tromp swept the
British fleet from the English Channel; and I
would not leave a man to tell the tale. I would
settle those questions which are pressing on the
Administration, and which its advocates on this
floor declare it has not had time to consider. I
would determine, first, whether we had a Gov-
ernment or not. I would settle upon some sort
of policy, that the American people might know
what was in the future—what the Administration
was determined to do; whether we are to have
peace or war; whetherthis state of suspense is to
continue. I say I would put these gentlemen off
until that was determined; and I think it becomes
this body,as a conservative body, not being iden-
tified with those general questions of politics which
have agitated the country, to take that view of the
case.
I apprehend that those gentlemen who are urg-
ent for places here are gentlemen who are disap-
pointed. I have met them in throngs. [Laughter.]
To show how promiscuous these sorts of crowds
are, I will mention that the other morning 1 went
up to one of the Departments, being anxious to
transact some business there which relates to'a
matter involving over two million dollars to my
constituents; and I was found there by some gen-
tleman from Illinois who supposed 1 was an office-
seeker. He mistook me for some friend of his,
I apprehend, who wanted a post office in the in-
terior of Illinois; and, as I was standing in the
crowd waiting for an audience, he tapped me on
the shoulder and said: "I have fixed that little
matter; you will get that post office." [Laugh-
ter.] Well, sir, some men are born to greatness,
and others have it thrust upon them. I was about
to have a post office commission in the interior of
Illinois, which I never desired, thrust upon me.
[Laughter.]
I say this system should not extend to the Sen-
ate, and 1 protest against the consideration of the
question at this time. When we meet in Decem-
ber, this matter can come up fairly. I hope then
to see the vacant seats on this side of the Chamber
occupied. Then will be afairtestof the question;
then will be the proper time for a reorganization
of the officers of this body.
The PRESIDENTj;rofempore. The motion is
to postpone the further consideration of this resol u-
tion to the second Monday of December next.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 13, nays 24; as follows:
YEAS—IVItibsrs. Breckinridge, Bright, Clinaman, Doug-
la1?, Johnson, Latham, Mitchel, Nesimth, Nicholson, Pow-
ell, Rice, Thomson, and Wigfall—13.
