1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
537
praying that the duty on steel may not be in-
creased; which was referred to the select commit-
tee on the bill (H. R, No. 338) to provide for the
payment of outstanding Treasury notes, to au-
thorize a loan, to regulate ancPfix the duties on
imports, and for other purposes.
Mr. LATHAM presented a petition of citizens
of New York, praying the adoption of the com- !
promise measures proposed by Hon. Mr. Rice, of j
Minnesota; which was ordered to tie on the table.
Mr. KING presented a petition of ship-owners
and others interested in vessels, praying- that no
alteration may be made in the pilot laws of March
2, 1837,and August 30,1852; which'wasreferred
to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr, CLINGMAN presented a petition of im-
porters of window-glass in the city of New York,
praying such a modification of the tariff bill nosv
before the Senate as will make the duty on glass
more equal and just; which was rcferied to the
select committee on the bill (H. R. No. 338) to
provide for the payment of outstanding Treasury
notes, to authorize a loan, to regulate and fix the
duties on imports, and for other purposes.
Mr. BIGLER presented the petition of Charles
W. Weteh, praying to be allowed the difference
between the compensation of chief clerk of the
Navy Department and that of Secretary of the
Navy, during the time he acted in the latter ca-
pacity; which was referred to the Committee on
Claims.
He also presented a petition of citizens of the
county of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, praying
that pensions may be granted to the survivors of
the war of 1812, and to the widows of those who
have died, or may hereafter die; which was or-
dered to lie on the table.
Mr. FESSENDEN presented a petition of cit-
izens of New York, praying Congress to aid the
People's Pacific Railroad Company, established
under a charter obtained from the Legislature of
the State of Maine, by a liberal donation of the
public lands, and such other assistance as a wise
and just policy may suggest; which was ordered
to lie on the table.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I am charged with the
duty of presenting to the Senate a memorial from
a number of citizens of Guernsey county, Ohio,
praying for the passage of the resolutions which
I introduced some time since. 1 ask that the
memorial be read. I think it is but a proper
respect to the memorialists.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
To the honorable members of the Senate of the United States
and House of Representatives together convened:
The undersigned, citizens of Guernsey county, in the
State of Ohio, without respect to party, belicving'thc time
has come that something must he done, and that speedily,
to save our country from eternal ruin :
We therefoie respectfully a^k your honorable body to
pass the Crittenden resolutions, orsotne other plan that will
be satisfatory to a majority ot the American citizen^/and
forever put to rest all grounds of dispute between the North
and South on the .slavery queston.
The memorial was ordered to lie on the/able.
. the/ab
RED RIVER RAFT.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I call the atten
tion of the Senate to the fact that, a few days
since, at my earnest solicitation, they fixed upon
to-day for the consideration of the House resolu-
tion in relation to the raft of the Red river. It is
a joint resolution which has been here for some
considerable time. 1 have, on several occasions,
sought to get it up. It was made the special order
for to-day, at one o'clock; but as there are other
matters of very great importance that gentlemen
will wish to bring up at that hour, I should be
glad if the Senate would consent that the joint
resolution be taken up now, and disposed of.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, resumed the consid-
eration of the joint resolution (H. R. No. 43)
giving the assent of Congress to certain acts
passed, or to be passed, by the Legislatures of the
States of Arkansas, Louisiana, and Texas, or of
any two of them, in relation to the raft of R.ed
river, and for other purposes; the pending ques-
tion being on the amendment of the Senate Com-
mittee on Commerce, to add, at the end of the
joint resolution, the following:
J1 ltd jirovided further, That the United States shall hav<!
the right, at any time after the expiration of ten years, to
take possesion of the work by paying to the company t lie
amount of the expenditure, with seven per cent, interest.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, when this
joint resolution was up the other day, I stated
that if no one else did so, I should call the atten-
tion of the Senate briefly to some of its features.
I regard it as an unconstitutional measure. I do
not think that the Congress of the United States
has authority to pass a bill of this charactei. It
is, in my judgment, a bill authorizing companies
to tax the commerce of the country upon one of
its navigable streams. When the State of Ark-
ansas, and the other States bordering upon the
Mississippi river, were admitted into the Union,
and even in the treaty which wc made when we
acquired that country, it was expressly provided
that the Mississippi river and all the navigable
streams flowing into it should be forever free to
the citizens of all the States, without any tax,
duty, or impost of any kind. The navigation of
all these streams was to be free; and yet here is
a provision to allow the levying of duties upon
vessels which shall navigate one of these streams.
I think that alone furnishes an unanswerable
objection to the passage of this bill.
The Constitution of the United States does
authorize States, with the consent of Congress,
to by duties on tonnage. The language is this:
" No State shall, without the consent of Congress, lay
any duty of tonnage, keep troops or sbips-of-wnr in tune of
peace, enter into any agieemont or compact with another
State, or witha foreign I'ower."
The first section of this joint resolution pro-
vides—
That the assent of Congress be, and the same is hereby,
given to any acts that have been or may be passed by the
Legislatures ot tile States of Arkansas Louisiana, and
Texas, or of any two of thetn, having for their object the im-
provement of the navigation of Red river, by tile removal
ot the ■■ raft'' therefrom.
I do not think it was in the contemplation of the
fratners of the Constitution to give in advance an
unlimited authority to the States to pass any law
which they might think proper in regard to tonnage
duties. The next section provides for the collection
of the tonnage duties; but the first section provides
that the assent of Congress " be, and the same is
heieby, given to any acts that have been or may
be passed." Now, does this Senate know what
acts have been passed by these Legislatures in
regard to the improvement of this river? Or if
you do know what acts have been passed, have
you any knowledge as to what acts may be here-
after passed? Are you prepared to give your
assent to any acts which these States, or any two
of them, may pass 111 regard to this river? 1 sup-
pose that the Constitution, if it means anything,
means that the assent of Congress is to be given
understanding!y. That would be after these three
Legislatures, orany two of them, had passed acts
for the improvement of this river, and submitted
them to Congress; and then Congress could,
under the Constitution, give its assent.
I have only read the first section of the joint
resolution. The next section provides that—
So soon as any company incorporated by the States afore-
said, or any two of them, for the purpose, shall have re-
moved the obstructions to navigation in Red river, caused
by the "raft," and have rendered the same navigable.and
not before, the said States, or any two of them, may, through
the said company, under and in accordance with, and in
the mode provided by, the acts incorporating tile same, for
the benefit of the company, and to reimburse to it its ex-
penditures In removing said " raft," levy and collect, by
way of commutation tor duties of tonnage, tolls upon ail
boats or other water crafts, ascending or descending said
river, and passing through the portion thereof that shall
so have been iinpioved and rendered navigable, not to ex-
ceed the following sums : that is to say, filly cents on and
for each bale of cotton, and twenty-five cents on and for
each barrel of goods, wares, and merchandise, wherewith
such boats or eraft may be laden; and that this privilege
rnav continue until the expiration of thirty years from the
9th day of March, anno Domini i860.
Thus it is proposed to give the assent of Con-
gress, in advance, to any acts which may be
passed by these States for the improvement of
this river, and to the collection of tonnage duties
under the acts incorporating these companies,
about which we know nothing. It seems to me
it would, if constitutional, be a very dangerous
species of legislation. I think it was never in-
tended, when the Constitution was framed, to give
the assent in advance in this way. What does
the Constitution amount to? Why should we not
insert in the Constitution itself a clause that the
States may collect tonnage duties, if we are pre-
pared to give this authority without knowing what
we give, to what extent, or anything about it?
Now, sir, I am not willing to pass a bill of this
character without knowing what the acts of the
Legislature may be, and without knowing what
the terms of incorporation of this company are.
I do not know that I should be willing to pass it
at all.
This presents briefly the objection I have to
the bill. It is setting a precedent which may be
applied to any of our rivers. The State of Illi-
nois and the State of Iowa may ask next year,-or
this year, to improve the Mississippi river around
the rapids. Would the citizens of Minnesota foe
willing that we should tax every bairel of flour
and every baleof goods that went up and down
that river, to reimburse some company that would
undertake to improve it under an act of incorpo-
ration from Illinois or Iowa? Would Illinois and
Iowa be willing to pay toll to Tennessee and
Arkansas for any improvements that they might
make, or to Louisiana for any improvements
which a company authorized by her Legislature
might make, at the mouth of the Mississippi river?
And is all the commerce of the Northwest to be
taxed by each State past which the Mississippi
runs ? 1 think such provisions would be in the
very teeth of all the acts under which the States
bordering on the Mississippi river have been ad-
mitted into the Union, and all the treaties made
with foreign Powers when we acquired jurisdic-
tion over that river. I am not willing, for one,
to establish this precedent. Having called the_
attention of the Senate to the matter, I do not
wish to delay their action, or to take up their time
in discussing it.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Mr. President, I have not
been able to examine, critically, the joint resolu-
tion before us, with a view to its phraseology, to
see whether, in its details, it is precisely what it
should be; but, upon the general principles in-
volved, I have no doubt of the propriety of the
measure. My mind has been directed to this sub-
ject for many years, and this I believe to be the
true policy upon which our rivers should be im-
proved, and the only mode in which they can be
economically and properly improved. The prop-
osition is simply to allow the States through which
the navigable part of the Red river passes, to im-
prove its navigation, and to assess such tolls as
are necessary to pay the cost of the improvement.
No other States are interested in it except Lou-
isiana, Arkansas, and Texas, and they desire to
improve it for their own benefit. For many years
they have been waiting for Congress to remove
the Red river raft and other obstructions to the
navigation of that river. We have appropriated
a good deal of money; but our system of appro-
priation has been to give an amount of money
that will enable the Department to commence the
work, pay the salaries of the engineers, and buy
the implements necessary for the removal of the
raft; and when they have fairly begun the work,
the appropriation becomes exhausted, and the
work is abandoned until another appropriation
can be obtained. 1 have often had reason to say—
and I believe it to be true—that in this way every
dollar's worth of work we have done costs us ten
dollars in money. Now, if these States are will-
ing to take the improvement of these rivers into
their own hands, why not let them do it?
The illustration that my colleague gives, by
way of objection to the measure, does not hold
good. He says, suppose Illinois and Iowa should,
by joint action, attempt to improve the Missis-
sippi, and levy a tax upon the commerce either
of Minnesota above or Tennessee below: would
the people there be satisfied ? Sir, I never would
give consent to the improvement of the Missis-
sippi unless we joined in that assent each one of
the States bordering on the Mississippi. My
proposition for the improvement of that river has
been to allow each one of the States bordering
upon it to appoint a commissioner, and let the
whole of the commissioners constitute a board,
having charge of the improvement. So upon the
Ohio river. There being six States bordering
upon that, I am willing that each of the six
should appoint a commissioner; that the six com-
missioners should constitute a board, and let them
make the improvements and collect the tolls ne-
cessary to pay for them. So the Illinois river,
being wholly within one State, I hold that the
State of Illinois is the most competent power on
earth to improve it; and so in every other case
where a river is wholly within the limits of a
State, let that State take charge of it. Where
there are two States bordering upon it, let the
