538
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 24,
two act in concert; and where there are more
than two, let all those bordering on the river be
associated together for that purpose. You will
then have just such regulations as are suited to
the navigation of the river. You will have it in
the hands of practical men, interested in steam-
boats and navigation, who will manage it. You
will have the money expended by men whose
capital is at stake, and who have a pecuniary in-
terest in having it correctly managed. I believe,
if we adopted this system, we should get rid of
the vexed question of appropriations from the
public Treasury for the improvement of rivers.
The principle is not a new one. It was intro-
duced at the beginning of this Government; it has
been applied in many of the States: I have not
now before me a list; but I once collccted a list of
the States for whom Congress had passed laws,
giving the assent of the United States to the im-
provement of their harbors and rivers by the im-
position of tonnage duties. Massachusetts once
had laws of this kind; Pennsylvania, Maryland,
Virginia,South Carolina,and Alabama,and prob-
ably other States, have had the assent of Con-
gress given them from time to time for the im-
position of tonnage duties for the improvement of
their rivers and the entrance of their harbors.
Mr. BENJAMIN. If the Senator from Illi-
nois will excuse me, I wish to recall to his mem-
ory that it is only three or four days since we
passed a similar bill for the port of Baltimore,
at the suggestion of the Senator from Maryland,
[Mr. Pearce.J
Mr. DOUGLAS. I am obliged to the Senator
for calling my attention to it. I came in just as
that bill was being read, and thought it was a re-
newal of the old law, but was not certain. Early
in the history of this Government, probably in
the last century, a bill was passed to enable the
State of Maryland to levy tonnage duties in the
port of Baltimore. It was renewed from time to
time up to 1850 or 1851. I think that was the
last renewal, when itwas continued,perhaps,for
ten years; and the other day, as I am now in-
formed, the bill was again renewed.
Mr. BENJAMIN. And passed both Houses.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Why cannot we give the
assent of this Government to theimpiovement of
Red river for the benefit of the people icsiding
upon it, as well as to the improvement of the en-
trance of Baltimore harbor for the benefit of the
commerce and the people interested in that har-
bor? U is a simple proposition, and I think it is
a correct one. It comes within the very letter of
the Constitution; and if gentlemen will look into
the debates of the convention thatframed the Con-
stitution, they will find that this clause giving the
right to levy tonnage duties with the assent of the
United States was incorporated for the express
purpose of making improvements of rivers and
harbors. According to my recollection of the de-
bates, the clause was first suggested by George
Mason, of Virginia; and he stated that the neces-
sity of incorporating the provision would be found
in the absolute necessity for the improvement of
the harbors and rivers in Chesapeake bay. He
wanted the power given to Virginia to levy ton-
nage duties for these improvements. He offered a
provision unconditionally giving this power, even
without the consent of Congress. Mr. Madison,
according to my recollection — and I speak only
fiom a recollection of many years—objected that
the unconditional power of a State to levy tonnage
duties for the improvement of rivers antl harbors
would be liable to abuse, inasmuch as it might in-
terfere with the general power of Congress to regu-
late commerce throughout the whole country; and
he said that while it was proper to give the power
to each State to improve its rivers and harbors by
tonnage duties, the exercise of that power should
be in subordination to the general power of the
regulation of commerce. The result of the dis-
cussions between these two eminent men and
others who participated in them was, that the
power was to be given by the assent of Congress;
so that, the paramount authority to regulate com-
merce being this Government, the States must
exercise the right to collect tonnage duties for
river and harbor improvements in subordination
to that paramount authority.
Now, sir, I am glad to see this question aiise.
1 believe that the States most interested in in-
ternal navigation, whether upon the lakes or the
rivers and hays, ought to apply for this system !
of improvements, rather than for expenditures
from the national Treasury. Whenever such ap-
propriations are made from the national Treas-
ury, you make simply a job for Government
officers, under the charge of men well qualified for
other duties, but very poorly qualified for these.
I would rather have one dollar of money ex-
pended under the direction of an old steamboat
captain or pilot, or a man interested in the steam-
boat business, who is watching the expenditure,
than ten dollars expended under the Government
engineer, who feels that it is a hardship to take
him out of the regular line of his profession, and
assign him to a business which he knows noth-
ing about.
I trust, as a matter of economy, that we may
resort to this system, get it out of the Federal
Government, and get it into the hands of those
who are immediately interested in it; and I hope,
as a matter of peace among the people interested
in these local improvements, that we shall allow
them to make them. It is well known that this
Government will never remove the Red river raft.
Is k then fair or just that wc should withhold our
consent that the people themselves may improve
it at their own expense, while we refuse to im-
prove it ourselves? The improvement should be
made; the raft should be removed. Have we a
moral right to refuse to remove it ourselves and
at the same time refuse to permit those who are
interested in it to remove it? I will not go into
an argument to show the importance of this work.
The Senator from Arkansas, [Mr. Johnson,] the
other day, in a few brief remarks, made it so
plain that no man can fail to comprehend its im-
portance. He showed that the cost of transport-
ation over the few miles of this raft was about
twice as much as it would be from Boston by
way of New Orleans up to the raft. The cost of
transportation across the few miles of this raft is
nearly as much as it would be from New Orleans
to Liverpool.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Five times as much.
Mr. DOUGLilS. Five times as much, I am
told. Is it right that they should be compelled
perpetually to submit to these burdens merely
because we have the arbitrary power, and will
neither permit them to do it themselves, nor do it
from the Federal Ticasury?
I do not go into a discussion of the details. I
merely vindicate the general principle involved in
giving our assent to tonnage duties on these local
works, which are to be done by those who arc
interested in them; relieving the Federal Treasury
to that extent, and benefiting the peopleinterested
to the same extent.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Mr. President, I wish to
say a few words in relation to one or two of the
points made by the Senator from Illinois, [Mr.
Trumbull,] which his colleague has notanswered.
In the first place, sir, the objection ismadethat
the passage of this bill would he an interference
with that free navigation of the Red river which,
under the laws of the United States, is accorded
to all its citizens. The answer to that is simple
and obvious. There is no navigation in Red river,
atthe place where this improvementis to be made.
The point is precisely in the same condition, and
subject to the same rules and principles which
govern Congress in relation to the falls of the
Ohio at Louisville. The Ohio river is free to all
citizens of the Union for its navigation; but there
was no navigation at the falls, and Congress pro-
vided means for creating a navigation there, and
charged the vessels that used this artificial means
of navigation, and has done so for a long series
of years.
Mr. CLARK. Will the Senator permit me a
moment, to make an inquiry? I understood the
honorable Senator from Illinois to state that we
were prohibited from doing this bysometieaty
stipulation. 1 do not find any such stipulation.
I want to inquire of the honorable Senator from
Louisiana if he knows of any?
Mr. BENJAMIN. The treaty of cession of
Louisiana provided that the navigation of the Mis-
sissippi river should be forever free.
Mr. CLARK. I do not find any such provis-
ion in the treaty. I may have overlooked it.
Mr. BENJAMIN. It certainly, however, was
in the acts for the admission of Louisiana and the
other States bordering on the river.
Mr. CLARK. I understand it to be in those
acts, and not in the treaty.
Mr. HEMPHILL. I think there was some
previous treaty between Spain and the United
States—not the treaty of cession—providing for
free navigation.
Mr. CLARK. 4 had the treaty of cession be-
fore me, but I did not see it.
Mr. BENJAMIN. This is providing for still
freer navigation of rivers leading into the Missis-
sippi, instead ofobstructingit. Itisprovidingfor
the citizens larger privileges of navigation than
those that they now enjoy. The canal around
the falls of the Ohio was not an infringement on
the right of the citizens to the free navigation of
the Ohio, but-it gave them further navigation than
that which they had before.
Mr. COLLAMER. And they paid tolls for it.
Mr. BENJAMIN. And they paid tolls. Con-
gress has, from time immemorial, gathered tolls
from those vessels that used that precise improve-
ment, and none others. This bill provides for
the levying of tolls on such commerce as uses this
particular improvement, and none other. Nobody
is bound to use this improvement that does not
choose to do so. Noboay has any power of navi-
gation there now, because there is none. This
bill proposes to create a navigation where none
preexists, and to charge those who use this new
means of navigation for the use of the improve-
ment thus created.
There was another point made by the Senator
from Illinois, and that is, that by the first section
of the bill Congress is called upon to assent in
advance to any laws passed by these different
Legislatures, without examination. To that 1
reply that Congress has no interest whatever in
that question. The first section of the bill simply
points to the measures to be used for removing
the raft; the second section provides for that which
touchcs the toll. Now so far as the removal of
the raft is concerned, certainly the three States
bordering upon the stream, having a direct interest
in the removal of the raft, having the best knowl-
edge of the difficulties and the best means of ob-
viating those difficulties, are the parties who should
be intrusted with the devising of the necessary
and proper means for the removal. Why could
you notintrust the Legislatures of the three States
with the same discretion, as to devisingmeans of
removing this raft, that you would be willing to
trust to a board of engineers5 When Congress
provides for the removal of an obstacle to naviga-
tion, it does not direct what means are to be em-
ployed. It leaves that to a board of engineers, or
to the War Department. Now, the first sect-ion
of this bill does nothing more than confer that
discretion on the Legislatures of the States. It
provides that, under the acts of the States, they
may use such means as they may deem proper
for removing the obstacle.
Next comes the question upon which Congress
has a right and an interestin intervening. It is as
to the levying of the toll. What does the second
section provide ? It provides sufficient guards to
enable Congress to see that the discretion vested
in the pirates shall not be abused. It provides
that the Legislatures of the States, who are best
competent to judge of the cost of this work and
the burden which commerce will bear, for the pur-
pose of carrying it out, may levy such tolls as are
necessary for ihat purpose; but it does not give
them unlimited power. It limits the toll. It limits
the toll to an amount not exceeding fifty cents per
bale of cotton, and twenty-five cents per barrel of
merchandise. The States will notgo to this limit
if the work will be done cheaper; and Congress
says, by the bill, that it is not willing to let any-
body go higher, if the work cannot be done for
that. We are, therefore, precisely, under the terms
of the bill, exercising that discretion which wo
ought to exercise in all legislation of this character.
The Senator from Illinois [Mr. Douglas] sug-
gested, with conclusive force, that there must be
somewhere in this Government a power to exer-
cise the functions which arc icquired for the pros-
perity of the people. All powers that do not lie
in the General Government are certainly vested
in the States or in the people. There has been,
for a lon^ series of years, a powerful party in this
country opposed on principle to the exercise by
the General Government of a power over naviga-
ble streams, of improving tliem, of appropriating
from the Federal Treasury; and many who believe
in the power, believe it,however,extremelyinju-
dieious to exercise it. Now, none can deny that
