1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
to show it? Does any one believe it? Is independ-
ence, then, what they want, and is it all they
want? If it be not the object of all this difficulty
and dissension, the reason of it, the purpose of it,
then granting it will give satisfaction to nobody.
We have understood that it had entirely different
causes; that it aimed at entirely different; pur-
poses; that independence was not aimed at as an
end, but aimed at only as the means to an end.
Suppose you grant to these seven States independ-
ence, absolute dominion, unrestricted throughout
their limits: will that content them? Will they
not want to extend that dominion ? It is said they
desire now, and have desired, the right to take a
certain class of property without their limits, and
into the Territories now belonging to the United
States. Will they want it any the less after this
independence is acknowledged ? Suppose you
concede them the right to take that property into
the Territories, or into a portion of the Territo-
ries: will that satisfy them? Will it not be as de-
sirable to them to have dominion overTennessee,
over Virginia, as over Kansas, as over Colorado,
as over New Mexico ? Will not dominion be the
first purpose? Will it not be the great aim on the
part of that nationality, if you admit its legal
existence, its legal constitutional independence?
And if such demands are made, how are they to
be met? Not peacefully at the polls, notby argu-
ment or remonstrance m the Legislature; they are
to be resisted, it seems to me, by force, if at all;
because, if demanded, they must be demanded in
that way. I see, therefore, no prospect, no prom-
ise, that this independence, if it were conceded
to-morrow, would give anything like permanent
peace to the country.
The third propsition submitted is that of war,
as stated by the Senator; " war with a view to
the subjugation and military occupation of those
States which have seceded or may seocde from
the Union." That proposition suggests to me a
fatal mistake in reference to this whole contro-
versy. It does not seem to me to be a contro-
versy between different States of this Republic.
It is not a controversy between South Carolina
and Massachusetts, ft is not a controversy be-
tween the States of the South and the States of the
North. This is a controversy, this is an issue,
which we are to meet to-day, and have been meet-
ing every day; an issue between the law-abiding
citizens of the United States and the law-defying
citizens of the United States; between the loyalists
and disloyalists. So it seems to me, and there is
no purpose anywhere of subjugating a State; on
the contrary, it seems to me that the first effort of
every one of us is demanded to prevent the sub-
jugation of the States south of us. I think we
have seen, within the past few months, States,
American States, to whom our Constitution guar-
anties a republican form of government, actually
subjugated. You know that in many of those
States which have now bid defiance to the au-
thority of the United States there has been what
we call a disunion party existing many years, and
you know there has been a Union party there, and
you all know there are both those parties there
to-day. They have met often at the polls here-
tofore. They have recently met at the polls.
Always, before the last encounter, the Union
party—the loyal party 111 those States—has been
triumphant, i speak not now of the State of
South Carolina. At the last encounter, it is said
the Union party was defeated; and yet I am told
that in some of those States the popular vote ac-
tually footed up a large majority in favor of the
Union and against secession, and although it is
said representatives were elected in favor of se-
cession. Against the sentiment of the people of
those States therefore, in spite of the opinion of
the people of those States therefore, a new flag
has oeen raised there, and they have attempted to
set up a new government alien to the obligations,
to the wishes of the people of those States. How
was this brought about? I want the Senate to
notice, and I want the country to notice, that it
was brought about, in a great measure, by the
aid of the Government of the United States. Our
ministers, our agents, our officers, were putting,
it is said, and authoritatively said, into the hands
of those who were plotting against the authority
of the Government, treasure and arms and means
by winch this triumph of the disuniomsts has
been achieved over the Union men of those States.
That is said; that I believe. You have seen> nut
one, but several of your ministers leave the Capi-
tol here to join hands with that party in those
States which were plotting the overthrow of the
Government of the United States. I ask not,
therefore, that those States shall be subjugated; I
ask that those States shall be saved from subju-
gation. If I have anything like an accurate idea
of the present condition of those States, I believe
there is, upon the popular sentiment there to-day,
resting a despotism and a tyranny unequaled by
anything we have ever seen on this side the At-
lantic; but if there is no loyalty h&e to the Con-
stitution of the United States, if there is no ven-
eration left for the Union of these States, there
ought to be regard enough left for the rights of
that people which you have Seen go down with
the flag of the Union in their hands, to bring the
Government of the United States to their rescue
and their protection; and whenever the Govern-
ment attempts it, every man ought to uphold the
hands of the Government in that effort.
I am not in favor, therefore, of war, for the pur-
pose of subjugating those States, or any State;
but I am in favor of preventing the subjugation
of those States, preventing the subjugation of any
State. We hear it said, every day, almost, "We
do not want to negotiate with traitors; we know
those men who have raised the standard of the
southern confederacy are false to the Government
of the United States, and arc revolutionary; "as was
admitted here theotherday; " are traitors against
their own country; we do not want to treat with
them; wewantto treat rather with the Union,the
loyal men of the border States," That is a good
thing to do; that is a class of men to hold in con-
stant regard, in everlasting remembrance. I like
to have the kindliest relations cncouraged with
such men. Let it be done; but let us not mistake
what those people of the border States demand.
It is said, sir, that an idea prevails in the State
of North Carolina, in Kentucky, in Virginia,
that the interests of those States require that they
should have the right to find a market for their
labor, their involuntary labor, without the limits
of those States, and throughout the Territories
which belong to the United States. 1 am very
sure it is a mistaken one. Nothing is clearer, in
my judgment, than that it would be for the inter-
ests of each and every one of those States, as for
the State in which I reside myself, that not only
should its labor not go without its limits, but that
its people of every class and condition should be
kept within the State. If there were authority in
the Government of the United States, if there
were authority in the Legislature of the State of
Kentucky, to prohibit absolutely and unquali-
fiedly the emigration of a single free white citizen
of that State, undoubtedly it would be for the
benefit of the State. They are not crowded with
population. We have no State that is. Least of
all do they want to get rid of any citizen or any
person who furnishes labor within the State. A
great necessity of the States of the Union every-
where is for more labor. It is peculiarly the in-
terest of those States which employ involuntary
labor. There is not a class of employers in the
wide world, that I know anything about, who are
paying so high for labor to-day as the people of
those States which employ involuntary labor.
Every acre, therefore, every new additional acre
of our territory winch you make dependent upon
that kind of labor for cultivation, increases the
demand and enhances the price of that kind of
labor. This is so. I say, therefore, it would be
for the interest of the State of Kentucky that not
only should her labor be kept within that State,
but that her own citizens, her free as well as her
slave population, should be keptwithm the State.
That is what her interests demand. I do not say
that it would be the part of justice to so provide
by any sou of legislation; but I say, if it were
done, it would furnish no ground of complaint on
the part of the State of Kentucky; but, on the
contrary, ground of congratulation only. But
nobody proposes to prohibit the emigration of
her citizens. You may say that it is the right of
the citizen of Kentucky, if he chooses to emi-
grate, to go, and it is his right to take with him
his property, and every class and kind of prop-
erty he may have. Admit it for the sake of the
argument, for the present. What, then, is the
cause of complaint on the part of the State of
Kentucky? I speak of her by way of example.
Is it that some forty or fifty, or more of her citi-
zens, may want within the next ten years to leave
that State and go into the Territoriesr"and:that
the Government of the United States will not
permit them to take into those Territories a class
of property which is not known in one half of
the Union? Is that the cause of complaint?- .
Mr. CLINGMAN. Will the honorable Sen-
ator allow me, if it will not throw him off the line
of his argument, to ask him a single question? -
Mr. HOWE. Certainly. 1 have no line of
argument. I cannot be thrown out of gear,
Mr. CLINGMAN. If it be true that it be so
desirable to keep the people in his own State and
elsewhere, why this extreme desire manifested
by his party to monopolize the Territories for the
use of the free States?
Mr. HOWE. A very good question. Allow
me to answer it in the way I was brought up to
answer questions in New England—by asking
another. What is the evidence that we have
shown any extreme anxiety?
Mr. CLINGMAN. If the honorstble Senator
will allow me, in the first place, the Chicago plat-
form and the declarations of the leading men of
the party, I think without exception, are, that
they intend that the Territories shall be kept for
freedom, as they call it—that slavery shall be pro-
hibited from them.
Mr. HOWE. That does not realize my idea
of extreme anxiety. It would be rather an evi-
dence of what we think is proper than what we
are determined shall be at all events. And let
me, by way of further answer to the Senator, re-
mind him that we have seen ohce and twice and
thrice every restriction in the way of this class of
labor or of people going into the Territories com-
pletely thrown down: and we have seen, I think,
what is worse than that: I think we have seen
actually the power and patronage of this Govern-
ment of ours—of this Government which belongs
to the people of the United States—employed to
impose this very class of labor upon the Terri-
tories which belonged to-the people of the United
States; and we have not shown any very extreme
anxiety. We have submitted; we have obeyed
the Government which did that great—would it
be parliamentary to call it villainy? We have not
raised the standard of rebellion; no treason has
stalked abroad in thatportion of the country which
objected to this policy. What, then, is the evi-
dence of our extreme anxiety? We do believe
that it is improper, inexpedient, and impolitic;
Mr. CLINGMAN. Will the Senator allow
me to read a passage of the Chicago platform ?
Mr. HOWE. Certainly, sir.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I cite that as some evi-
dence:
"That the normal condition of aU the territory of the
United States ip that of freedom ; that as our republican
fathers, when they had abolished slavery in all our national
territoiy, ordained that 'no person should be deprived of
J Lie, liberty, or property, without due process of law,' it be-
comes our duty, by legislation, whenever such legislation
is necessary, to maintain this provision of the Constitution
agains-t all attempts to violate it; and we deny the author-
ity of Congress, of a Territorial Legislature, or of any indi-
viduals. to give legal existence to slavery in any Territory
of the United States."
In addition to that, I know that the leading men
of the party have steadily voted against the ex-
tension of slavery into the Territories, and some
of them even have declared that they would allow
the Union to be dissolved before they would allow
slavery to go into the Territories which are now
free. 1 might quote many speeches to that effect.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President, I beg leave to
ask here, as a matter of right, that the Republi-
can party, to which I confess to belong, and to
whose principles I am sincerely attached, shall be
judged by what its representatives say, and not
by what individuals may declare here, there, or
elsewhere.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Will the honorable Sen-
ator allow me to ask him whether the President
and the Secretary of State are not fair represent-
atives of his party, and whether they have not
both in the strongest terms declared against per-
mitting slavery to go into the Territories?
Mr. HOWE. Undoubtedly; and I beg the
Senator not to misapprehend me any longer. I
am not advocating or assenting to the policy, the
justice, or the expediency of allowing slavery to
go into the Territories of the United States. I do
not remember a time when I have ever been will-
ing to assent to it myself. I do not anticipate a
time when I shall be willing to assent to it; nor
