1861.
THE .CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ing there, but we can teli him this: that if ever a
foreign enemy, or a domestic enemy, assail the
peace or assault the honor of the State of Ken-
tucky, we will bring our own bones there and
pay him in kind. Sir, I fear we do not remember
that the people of the United States have gathered
within them the blood which freedom has shed
upon all her battle fields, from Marathon to York-
town. Do not try to subdue them. Slow to a
controversy, they are difficult to give it up. They
have not forgotten how to die; they never knew
how to surrender.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Mr. President, I have been
forcibly struck with the peculiar reasons which
the Senator from Wisconsin has assigned for op-
posing the resolution which I offered. First, he
thinks it unnecessary to adopt it, because I seem
to possess all the information expected to be eli-
cited by it, ancj therefore it is unnecessary for
other Senators to possess it; secondly, he objects
to its adoption, because he does not think the
War Department possesses the information; third,
he thinks it unnecessary to adopt it, because the
late Administration, being in possession of the
information,imparted it all to the secessionists in
the confederate States privately; and fourth, that
since the secessionists possess it, it is not prudent
for us to let our own people have it. Those are
the four reasons why the resolution ought not to
be adopted. They are so consistent and harmo-
nious that 1 shall not attempt to resist the force
of them.
Mr. HOWE. If the Senator would prefer to
reply to those reasons, I am quite willing he
should; but I will state to him in justice, that he
is entirely mistaken in the reasons which 1 gave,
the last two especially.
Mr. DOUGLAS. 1 listened to the Senator at-
tentively, and looked over the report, as full as 1
could find it in the newspapers, and found it sus-
tained that construction.
If the War Department does not possess the
information, certainly there would be no harm in
adopting the resolution and getting that answer.
If this information has been imparted to the con-
federate States, and the enemy are in possession
of it, there certainly can be no harm in letungour
people have it.
But, sir, I apprehend it would tend to allay the
pubhcexcitementto have this information attested
so that it would appear that there was but one
foit within the limits of the confederate States now
in the possession of the United States. Of course,
I except Fort Sumter, inasmuch as I understand
the order has been given for surrendering it up.
There is but one where a collision could take
place. I apprehend that Fort Pickens is the only
one within the limits of the confederate States in
the possession of the United States. If there is
any other, I should like to know it. It may be
supposed, perhaps, that Key West and Tortugas,
or Forts Taylor and Jeffeison, as they are called
in the War Department, are within the limits of
the confederate States; but that is entirely a mis-
take. The confederate States, being a revolution-
ary government, hold whatever they actually oc-
cupy, and no more. Revolution takes nothing by
implication; and inasmuch as the confederate
States have never been in possession of Key West
or Tortugas, it cannot be said that those places
are within the limits of the confederate States un-
der their revolutionary government. Besides,
those two places are national fortifications, built
for geneial defense—fortifications in which the
commerce of Maine has a thousand fold more in-
terest than that of Florida. Thos<f%re places that
we should hold under all circumstances, whether
the cotton States should be restored to us, or
whether they shall be permanently separated from
us.
I desired to find out whether the policy is to
be peace or war. I believe it to be peace. Oth-
ers dissent from that view of the inaugural. The
Senator from Wisconsin has just called upon me
to assure the southern States that it was not the
purpose of the Republican Administration to in-
vade the rights or make war upon the people of
the South. That Senator fcfagets that when I put
that construction upon the President's inaugural,
1 was told from that side of the Chamber that I
was officiously construing the inaugural, and now
he implores me again to do that for which I was
rebuked when 1 did it. I apprehend the Senator
will find that the construction I put upon the in- !
augural was the true one, and the policy which I
have indicated in the remarks that I have made is
the one which will be pursued, whether it was
originally designed or not. I have had occasion
to remark heretofore, that when minorities become
majorities they often find it necessary lo pursue
a policy which they were in the habit of condemn-
ing before they assumed the responsibilities of
power; and-I trust that those who are now at the
head of the Government are going to show them-
selves equal to the emergency, and do whatever
the peace and safety and unity of this Govern-
ment require, regardless of what they thought
they would do when canvassing for votes pre-
vious to the election.
The Senator does not like the arguments by
which I have enforced my views in this discus-
sion. He objects to my arguments because, he
says, they tend to belittle the Government and
people of the United States. How? Do I belittle
the Government by telling the people that the
President has.no constitutional or legal authority
to do a thing which the Constitution and laws
forbid? Does he controvert the truth or the ac-
curacy of any fact or any principle of law that I
asserted? What was it I said, and demonstrated,
that this Administration had no power to do?
First, that they had no power to collect revenue
anywhere else than at the places designated by
law; and hence their threat that they were going
to collect revenue on shipboard, was a threat to
violate the laws of the land. Second, that under
the Constitution and laws, no Administration has
any power to blockade the ports of this country;
and hence the threat to blockadethe southern ports
was a threat to violate the Constitution and laws
of the land. Third, that the President cannot
rightfully use the military force to execute the law,
except in aid of the civil authorities; and hence
the threat to do it without such legal authority
was a threat to violate the Constitution and law.
Demonstiating these thiee propositions, the Sen-
ator thinks is belittling the Government and peo-
ple of the United States ! Is it wise to make our
people believe that the President has lawful au-
thority to do that which the Constitution and laws
forbid? Is it wise to delude them into the belief
that the party just assuming power is going to
do that which the Constitution does not permit?
Is it belittling tins Government to say that the
administrators of this Government have no right
to violate the Constitution and laws of the coun-
try ? Sir, our boast is, that we live under a Gov-
ernment of laws; that the President and all in
authority under him are authorized to do that
which the law provides, and nothing more. When
gentlemen are holding out the idea to the country
that they are going to collect revenue and block-
ade ports and use military force without authority
of law and in violation of law, they are only pro-
claiming that their President is going to peijure
himself, and violate the oath he took to faithfully
execute the laws.
Mr. HOWE. With the Senator's permission,
I will call his attention to the point of objection
I urged. It was, not that he pointed out those
legal embarrassments, but that he did not recog-
nize the fact that the Government must have, and
ought to have, revenues from all its ports and all
its commerce; and that, instead of summoning
the people, or the representatives of the people,
to provide the necessary means for getting it, he
summoned the Government to abandon the reve-
nue.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Mr. President, I tried during
the last session of Congress, whe-n that side of
the House were rushing through a tariff bill that
will destioy the revenues, to ariest its progress by
showing them that they were going to deprive the
Government of means. They would not listen to
the warnings that were given them. They have
rushed through that tariff bill, and now find them-
selves without capacity to collect the revenue un-
der it, and object because I point out the defects
iri the law. It was necessary topomtoutthedefects i
in order to turn the attention of the country to the
fact that legislation is necessary in order to have
revenue. I shall regret it much if it turns out to
be so; but 1 apprehend we shall have to be assem-
bled in extra session in a few months to undo on
the subject of revenue what has just been so reck-
lessly and unwisely done.
But the Senator says that my pointing out
their inability, without violating the Constitution
and the laws, to do what their party leaders pro-
fess they are going to do, reminds him of the
Tories of the Revolution. He will not say that I-
am a Tory, but he says my speech reminds him
of them. Well, sir, a man may be reminded of
the Tories by his antagonism to them, or by his
own identity with them. 1 do not choose to say
which category the Senator from Wisconsin is in,
I have not the slightest apprehension that the
people of the United States will regard me as an
enemy of my country. I shall go into no defense
of my patriotism or my devotion to the country*,
nor shall I take any exception to that line of argu-
ment, which dealt rather in insinuations than di-
rect assertions; for it seems impossible for- Sena-
tors on that side of the Chamber to make a speech.-
without impugning my motives or assailing mv
character. It has become a matter of habit with,
them, here and elsewhere; and I su-ppose if I
should die, I would have the longest list of mourn-
ers that ever graced a funeral cortege in this coun-
try, because there would be so many politicians
deprived of the material out of which they manu-
facture their speeches. [Laughter.]
• The Senator has read the three propositions
which I laid down in my speech of the other day,
and then stated that of the three, I said the first
was the best and the last was the worst. After
reading them, he tells us that, in his opinion, the
first is the worst, but he will not say which of the
other two is best. I will read them again, in or-
der that the Senate may understand which line of
policy, in his opinion, is the worst that can be
pursued. The first is:
1. The restoration and preservation of the
Union by such amendments to the Constitution as will
injure tile domestic tranquillity, safety, and equality of all
the States, and thus restore peace, unity, and fraternity, to
the whole country."
That is the worst proposition that could be laid
down, the worst line of policy that could be pur-
sued, in the estimation of that Senator. "What
is it ?
"Such amendments to the Constitution as will insure
the domestic tirmqmllity, safety, and equality of all the
Suites, and thus restore peace, unity, and fraternity, to the
whole country."
Is the Senator from Wisconsin opposed to in-
suring their domestic tranquillity ? Is "he opposed
to insuring their safety? Is he opposed to insur-
ing their equality? Is he opposed to restoring
peacc, unity, and fraternity to the whole country?
Is that line of policy which will accomplish those
objects the worst that could be pursued? .The
Senator from Wisconsin thinks it is. On this, he
and I are at issue. As to the other two proposi-
tions, he says he is so much in doubt that he will
not say which he prefers. I will read the other
two as the alternative propositions:
"2. A peaceful dissolution of the Union, by recog-
nizing the independence ot t-uch States as refuse to remain
in the Union without such constitutional amendments, and
the establishment of a liberal system of commercial and so-
cial intercourse with them by treaties of commerce and
amity.
Or,
"3. War, with a view to the subjugation and military
occupation of thosp States which have seceded or may
secede iiom the Union."
The Senator is unable to tell us whether he
prefers a dissolution of the Union by peace, or
whether he prefers it by war; but he prefers either
to such amendments to the Constitution as will
insure the domestic tranquillity, safety, and equal-
ity of all the States. I am aware, sir, that there
are men high in authority, and distingushed for
many qualities, in the northern country, who
really believe that this Union ought to be dissolved;
some by peace, some by war. Those who wish to
make the dissolution perpetual and eternal, would
like to have it baptized in blood, so that there
never could be a restoration. Sir, I do not wish
to argue with those persons who prefer a disso-
lution of the Union, either peaceably or by war,
to such amendments of the Constitution as will
insure the domestic tranquillity, safety, and equal-
ity of all the States, and thus restore fraternity.
It is a question of union or disunion. That
question, in my mind, involves peace or war. In
my opinion, all men who are opposed to amend-
ments of the Constitution are looking to a disso-
lution of the Union, either as a necessity that
cannot be avoided, or as a thing that is desirable
in itself.
Mr. CLARK. Will the Senator suffer me to
inteiruptjiim at this point?
