1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
541
into the Union; and I should like to hear his an-
swer to that, or the answer of the Senator from
New Hampshire either. Louisiana was admit-
ted into the Union upon this condition:
"Provided, That It shall be taken as a condition upon
which the said Slate is incorporated in the Union, that the
river Mississippi, and the navigable rivers and waters lead-
ing into the same, and into the Gulf of Mexico, shall be
common highways, and forever free, as well to the inhabit-
ants of the t.aid State as to the inhabitants of olher States
and the Territories of the United States, without any tax,
duty, impost, or toll tiierefor, imposed by the said State."
It was on this condition that Louisiana came
into the Union; and Arkansas came in on a sim-
ilar condition.
Mr. HEMPHILL. Are you certain that Ark-
ansas came m on that condition?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes, sir; Arkansas came
in on similar conditions. I have not the Arkan-
sas act before me, but I think you will find a sim-
ilar provision in the act for the admission of Ark-
ansas. Now what is this bill? It provides that
" the assent of Congress be, and is hereby, given
to any acts that have been or may be passed, by
the Legislatures of the States of Arkansas, Lou-
isiana, and Texas, or of any two of them." Any
two of these States may make a provision for the
collection of tolls on this river, without the con-
sentof the other. Texasand Arkansas can make
a provision for the collection of tolls on this river
without theconsent of Louisiana; and Louisiana
came into this Union on condition that no tolls
should ever be imposed upon any of these nav-
igable waters. Louisiana and Texas can pass
the act and collect tolls without the consent of
Arkansas, or without the consent of the people
of Wisconsin, or the consent of the people of
Illinois, or of any other State. Are you going to
violate these conditions? Is the Senatorfrom New
Hampshire, who says he cannot find it in the
treaty, prepared to violate this condition as to
these States? I think, sir, you will find by ref-
erence to the treaties that they do make provision.
I have looked to the treaty with Great Britain,
and I find that there a provision is made in regard
to the Mississippi river; and the condition on
which Louisiana came in is now to be violated,
and violated without the consent of Louisiana;
for Aikansas and Texas may pass an act of in-
corporation, and collect these tolls without her
consent.
But, sir, the substantial and as I think unan-
swerable objection to this bill is, that if is man-
ifestly unconstitutional. The bill is framed, I
presume, so as to meet this clause of the Consti-
tution, which I will again rend:
"No State shall, without the consent of Confess, lay
any duty of toning'*, keep troops or >!iip>-of war In limes
of peace, enter into any agieement or compact with another
State or Willi a foieigp Power, or euga«e in war unlevs
actually or in such imminent danger a  will not admit ot
delay."
Now what do you propose here ? You propose,
not after having seen the legislation of these three
States, or of any two them, or any one of them,
to pass an act granting your consent; but you
propose to repeal this clause of the Constitution
111 advance, and to declare your assent in advance
to any act they may pass. Would you be will-
ing to vote for a law to-day to allow one of these
States to enter into treaties with a foreign nation?
It is all in the same clause:
No State shall, without the consent of Congress, enter
into an agreement or compact with any other State or with
a foreign Power."
Would you give that consent in adyance to
enter into a compact with another State or with
a foreign Power, or would you first see what the
compact was, and then give your assent? We
have no evidence here as to what acts of incor-
poration may have been passed by these States,
and surely we do not know what may hereafter
be passed.
1 find that this objection was so well expressed
in a debate which took place in this body in 185*2,
by the Senator from Delaware, [Mr. Bayard,]
the chairman of the Committee on the Judiciary,
that I beg leave to read a few sentences from
what he said upon that occasion. He placed it,
as it seems to me, in an unanswerable light; and
I am sorry not to see him in his seat to-day, for 1
am suie this bill could not pass this body with his
assent, entertaining the views which he did when
a measure involving the same principle was up.
He then said:
The objection whicli I entertain to the constitutionality
of this measure is this: to ?ive a common-sense, or a le al~
whichever you please—construction to that provision, s 
as to carry out its object and mrent, you must necessarily
require that the act to be done, whether it is the imposition
of a duty, or the entering into a compact with a State of
this Union, or the entering into a compact with a foreign
State, or the raising of troops in time of peace, or of a navy
in time of peace, the act to be done mu-t bf done by the
State, and be submitted to Congress for its ratification, be-
fore any authority can be given."
That is the point. The act " must be done by
the State, and be submitted to Congress for its
ratification, before any authority can be given."
Why ?
"Otherwise the principle of this amendment implies this
authority on the part of Congress that, at its will, by a mere
majority, it can dispense with a general ientraining clause
in the Constitution, disabling the States from the exercise
of these powers. I cannot conceive that to be the con-
struction of this clause of the Constitution."
* * * * **>. * * *
" X need not detain the Senate further; because every
gentJi man, when the point is presented, can make up his
own mind upon it. Tome it seeou* perfectly clear; and
could I take time to compare tins with ot'ier provisions of
the Constitution, I think I could make it perfectly clear to
others, that the effect of the amendment would bethi*: by
a simple legislative act you attempt to alter the Federal
Constitution "by removing geneially, as to the States, a re-
striction which is placed upon them. All the authority
given to you is only to assent to the act of the States when
they have acted."
Here you propose to remove, generally, as to
these States, a restriction placed upon them by
the Constitution, without know ing what their acts
of legislation are to be. I think", therefore, that
the bill is unconstitutional. Besides, it is a vio-
lation of the conditions on which Louisiana came
into the Union, and without the consent of Louis-
iana, because you do not require her consent to
this improvement; for any two of these States
may make it. It is a violation of the compact on
which Arkansas came into the Union, because
you do not require her consent. Texas and Lou-
isiana may make the improvement under the pro-
visions of this bill. True, it may be said that
their consent will be given. I am speaking of the
legal effect of the measure; not as to the fact. 1
am arguing the constitutional question—the power
of Congress to pass such an act as this. It may
be true that all these States would assent to it,
but that does not alter the constitutionality of the
measure at all.
I have said all that I desire to say upon this
point. I have called the attention of the Senate
to it. If they think proper to puss the bill under
the circumstances, it passes against my vote, and
I have nothing further to say in regard to it.
Mr. CLARK. I d esire to make a suggestion
in regard to the act admitting Louisiana, as the
Senator from Illinois has called my attention par-
ticularly to that. I have no difficulty at all with
that act. Thete the condition is imposed upon
Louisiana that she shall not lay any toll upon a
navigable stream withm her limits. Who imposed
that condition ? TheCongrossof theUnited States.
Now the State of Louisiana., jointly with Arkan-
sas and Texas, comes to Congress and asks Con-
gress to release that condition for this particular
purpose. If Congress agrees to release the con-
dition, what objection can there be? Is it a vio-
lation of a condition to release it, to give permis-
sion? That, it seems to me, is a full answer to
that point.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let me ask the Senator
from New Hampshire, if he gives no force to the
language in that condition which guaranties a
right to all the people in every other State, and if,
without having Louisiana's consent to release it,
he is willing to impose these tolls? We have not
theconsentofLouisiana; Louisiana has not asked
for it. He assumes that. The provisions of the
bill he is about to vote for allow it to be done m
spite of Louisiana. That is my objection.
Mr. CLARK. I have not looked at the details
of the bill; but I have no difficulty in dealing with
the suggestion the Senator makes in regard to the
other States, in this way: here is a river entirely
shut up by this raft, closed to all the other States,
and it is for the benefit of the other States thai it
should be opened, and their assent may be pre-
sumed to have it opened for the benefit of their
commerce.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. It is so seldom that I have
occasion to differ with my honorable friend from
Illinois, that perhaps, asltfo differ with him upon
this question, it will be respectful to him, and a
duty to myself, that I should state the grounds on
which I do differ from him, and give my support
to this measure. The Mississippi river is one
thing; the Red river is another. The Mississippi
river is a great navigable stream, in which very
many States are interested. It is national in its
character throughout. The Red river is one in
which two or three States are more specially in-
terested; and, therefore, in consenting that the
fetates of Arkansas, Texas, and Louisiana, may
join in the improvement of the Red river, I by
no means commit myself to the doctrine that
Congress has no power to improve a river which
is national in its character, like the Mississippi,
or the St. Clairflats, in which my honorable friend
here [Mr. Chandler] fuels so occp an interest, as
well as the citizens of the State which I in part
represent.
1 make no distinction, sir, between tolls and
duties to be imposed upon any such improve-
ment; but the point which I make is, that the tolls
which are proposed to be levied are not tolls upon
the navigable waters of Red river at all. The
proposition is to levy a toll upon an artificial.nav-
lgation to be created, and which does not now
exist. All the navigable waters of the Red river
which now exist may be used by all the citizens
of the United States, and when they come down
to this raft, if they choose not to employ the arti-
ficial navigation, they can make their portages
around it, as they now do. They can navigate
the waters above and navigate the waters below,
but the toll which we consent by this act to have
imposed upon any navigation, is riot upon the
navigable waters of this river in their natural
state, but upon the artificial navigation to' be cre-
ated. There is no distinction, in my judgment,
between a canal which shall he cat around a raft
of logs, or a canal which may be cut directly
through a raft of logs, or a canal around the falls
of a river, so far as the right to levy tolls is con-
cerned. There is no violation of the treaty with
France or Spain; no violation of the Constitution
of the United States; no violation of the acts con-
senting to the admission of these States into the
Union; for the language of those treaties, the lan-
guage of the ordinance of 1787, and the language
of the act consenting to the admission of these
States, is substantially the same. I will read the
language which is used in the ordinance of 1787:
" The navigable waters leading into the Mississippi and
St. Lawrence, and the carrying places between the same,
f-hiill be common highways, ami forever free, as weil to the
inhabitants of the said Territory as to the citizens of the
United States, and those of any other States that may he
admitted into the Confederacy, wiUioutany tax, impost.or
duty therelor."
Mr. President, this wan fundamental upon the
admission of Ohio as a State into the Union, and
so of Illinois, Indiana, and Wisconsin. Since this
debate has arisen, I have not had time to send for
many authorities bearing on this question, but I
have one to which I will refer the Senator from
Illinois. It is in the third volume of McLean's
reports, the case of Palmer vs. Commissioners of
Cuyahoga county, arising in the State of Ohio.
The point decided by the court was, that—
"The provision in the ordinance of 1*87, tli.it certain
navigable waters c shall be common highways and forever
free,' &c., does not prevent the improvement of the navi-
gation of said waters by a State. The ordinance referred
to these waters in their natural state. If they *-hali be im-
proved by slack-water navigation or otherwise, a reason-
able toll for the increased facility wouM not violate the
ordinance."
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope the Senator from
Wisconsin will allow me to make an answer to
that at once, as he is reading it.' The answer is
this 
Mr. DOOLITTLE. " I was going to read one
or two sentences further.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The answer is this: that
case refers to an improvement made by a State
withoutauthority from Congress,as I understand
it, and of course that is not what the Senator from
Arkansas is seeking by this bill. He is seeking
to do something that a State could not do without
authoiity from Congress.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The answer to that is
simply this: if the Red river ran through the State
of Arkansas and the raft was within the State of
Arkansas, I undertake to say Arkansas could do
it, and without the consent of Congress either;
but because the river is bounded by several States,
and Arkansas cannot do this alone,and Arkansas
desires to enter into an arrangement with two
other States, by which they can do it jointly,
therefore it is necessary that the consent of Con-
