TKB CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 25,
Mr. DOUGLAS. Certainly.
: Mr. CLARK. X have heard him several times
'say that Senators on this side are in favor of a
dissolution of this Union. I understand him now
to say that he judges all those who oppose amend-
ments to the Constitution to be in favor of dis-
union. I am one of those who choose to stand by
the Constitution as it is; and I desire to declare to
that Senator that I believe it to be a better and
truer way to preserve this Union, to stand upon
the Constitution as it is, than to attempt any such
compromise as he contemplates.
Mi. DOUGLAS. I have no doubt the Senator
■entertains that opinion. I have no doubt he will
stand-by that position, even if a dissolution of the
Gnion is the inevitable consequence. I have no
doubt he would prefer war to amendments of the
Constitution.
Mr. CLARK. If the Senator will allow me,
1-cannot permit that to go in the broad length in
which he states it. I could judge of the amend-
ments when they were proposed; but X say to
him here, that 1 should deprecate civil war as
earnestly and deeply as he doe3.
Mr. DOUGLAS. No doubt of that; but yet
when the question is war or amendments to the
Constitution, I understand him to be against all
compromises. He deprecates war; it is a great
calamity; he knows it; he feels it; yet that is
better,, in his estimation, than such compromises
as will restore and insure the domestic tranquil-
lity, safety, and equality of all the States.
Mr. CLARK. If the Senator will allow me
again, because I do not mean to be misunder-
stood 
Mr. DOUGLAS. Certainly.
Mr. CLARK. I distinctly state now, and have
said heretofore, that I believe we can stand upon
the Constitution better than we can stand any-
where else, and avoid war by standing upon it.
I believe, if the Senator will allow me, that the
propositions that have been made in regard to
compromises have demoralized the union feeling
in the southern States; and if we had stood on
the simple question of union or disunion in those
Status, we should stand better to-day than by
standing on the question of compromise or dis-
union; because, failing to get a compromise, a
great many of the compromise men may become
oisunionists.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I have no doubt the Sena-
tor has entertained the idle hope that, by the bay-
onet and threats of using it, they are going to
reduce those States into obedience.
Mr. CLARK. Allow me to correct the Sena-
tor again. I have no such hope, nor have I ever
made any such declaration. I have no idea of
' reducing those States.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Then 1 understand ho has
no expectation of enforcing the laws in those
States. lie has abandoned all purpose of enforc-
ing the laws in them, I suppose.
Mr. CLARK. Not at all, if the Senator will
allow me. I do not propose tu go on with these
interruptions in his speech if they are unpleasant
I to him. But 1 do believe that, with a conserva-
tive, judicious Administration, the time is coming,
and not tar distant, when the laws willbeobeyed
by the whole of the States of the Union, without
the use of the bayonct or anything of the kind.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Still, Mr. President, nobody
can deny the fact that seven States have seceded.
Seven States have expelled the Federal authority
from their limits. In seven States you have no
human being recognizing your authority or will-
ing to enforce your laws.
Mr. SIMMONS. Will the Senator allow me
to ask ium—
Mr. CLARK. One moment.
Mr. DOUGLAS. One at a time, if you please.
(Laughter.)
• Mr. CLARK. I want to inquire of the Sena-
tor from Illinois if the Post Office Department
■does not run its mails in everyone of those States
yet?
Mr. DOUGLAS. Mr. President, I believe the
PostOince Department runs its mails in the se-
ceded States by the leave and permission of those
States; by their authority. They open your let-
ters; and you cannot punish the man for opening
them; and you do not try it. Knowing you could
not, you applied to Congress for authority on be-
half.of the Postmaster General, to suspend car-
rying the mails in certain cases, where they could
riot be suspended without such authority. But
here is the point! the Senator from New Hamp-
shire is opposed to using military force to execute
the laws in those States; hence he does not pro-
pose to enforce any laws in South Carolina, or
any of the States which have seceded, so long
as the people are against it; but he does intend
to enforce them when the people come back. I
think there will not be much difference between
him and me on that point. He cannot enforce
our laws in a country not in our possession. We
cannot enforce our laws within a State where we
have no judge to issue a writ, no marshal to serve
it, no district attorney to prosecute it, and no jury
that owes allegiance to this Government to try
the case.
Mr. CLARK. If the Senator will allow me
once more to interrupt him, I will ask him, sup-
pose Congress gives the President the power to
collect the revenue on shipboard: can it not be
done? Could not the law be enforced as to the
revenue ?
Mr. DOUGLAS. I supposeif Congress should
give power to the President to collect revenue on
shipboard, he then would have the power to do
it; that is, legally; but I am talking about the
laws as they are. Now, we have got the admis-
sion that they do not expect to collect any reve-
nue on shipboard until the law is changed. A
great many persons thought otherwise when I
announced it the other day.
Mr. CLARK. I desire the Senator not to take
the admission as including anybody else but me.
I simply put the question to him about a policy
of which I know nothing, and as a matter which
occurred to my own mind.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I only take the admission
as to the Senator himself; but, as the admission
was so clearly true, I thought it was no offense
to gentlemen on that side of the Chamber to in-
clude them in it.
Mr. CLARK. It is not to me. Ask their per-
mission as to them.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I suppose they will take no
offense at my attributing the truth to them, inas-
much as they have told the country they were
going to collect the revenue the moment Mr. Lin-
coln was inaugurated. They were going to find
out whether wo had a Government or not; the
collection of the revenue was to be the test. The
President said he was going to collect the revenue
to the extent of the powers confided to him. Yes,
they all said, " Now, that means that the revenue
is going to be collected on shipboard." I rose,
and told them, " No, that is not what Mr. Lin-
coln means. Mr. Lincoln is a lawyer; he knows
that he cannot collect revenue, except in the cases
and places where the law permits him; and Mr.
Lincoln is not going to violate the law or his
oath." They said, on that side of the Chamber,
it was very impertinent for me to pretend to in-
terpret Mr. Lincoln's policy, when I said he did
not intend to perjure himself. 1 had done it, they
said, unasked, uninvited, and they did not recog-
nize my leadership at all; but now the Senator
from New Hampshire is convinced that revenue
is not to be collected on shipboard until Congress
gives the power.
Mr. CLARK. Mr. President, I do not sup-
pose the Senator means to be understood, though
I do not know whether he does or not, that any-
body on this side of the Chamber, any Senator
here, said that, immediately upon Mr. Lincoln's
inauguration, we were going to collect the revenue
on shipboard. Does the Senator mean to be
understood that anybody said it on this side?
Mr. DOUGLAS. Mr. President, the statement
has been made very generally, that they were
goin<r to collect the revenue on shipboard when
Mr. Lincoln came into office.
Mr. CLARK. Does the Senator mean that
Senators here have made that statement ?
Mr. DOUGLAS. I do not choose to go into
controversy with individual Senators.
Mr. CLARK. Very well, then; we will under-
stand you do not so mean.
Mr. DOUGLAS. My object Was to negative
the pretense that tliey were going to collect the
revenue on shipboard without a change of the
law. They now say that they only meant that
they wi-re going to do it when the law should
make it their duty to do it. I suppose they would;
and not till then. Hence it does not depend on
Mr. Lincoln whether revenue is to be collected
on shipboard or not. It depends on Congress,
when the members shall be elected, and they shall
assemble and vote the measure. Not till then can
it be done.
Mr. President, because I pointed out the inabil-
ity under the law to do what they were pretending
they were going to do, I was rebuked. It turns
out I was right; they are not going to do it at all.
It may be that Congress will assemble next De-
cembei, or sooner, and make it the duty of Mr.
Lincoln to collect the revenue on shipboard. If
Congress says so, I suppose he will attempt it. It
may be that Congress will at the same time make
it his duty to blockade the ports. If Congress so
provides, and makes it his duty, I presume he
will doit. It may be that Congress will authorize
him, and make it his duty, to use the military
power to enforce the laws. If Congress makes
it his duty, I suppose he will make the effort.
Then it will become the policy of Congress, and
not of the President and his administration. Mr.
Lincoln did not mean any of these things in his
inaugural. He did not mean to be understood as
saying that he was going to do that which the
law did not authorize him to do, and which it
forbade his doing without the authority of Con-
gress; and which Congress might never authorize
to be done.
I now take great pleasure in giving the assur-
ance which the Senator from Wisconsin so be-
seechingly implored me to give just at the close
of his speech, that, in myopinion, this Adminis-
tration does not intend to make war on the south-
ern States—certainly so long as Congress with-
holds the means to do it. I think, therefore, that
those States are entirely safe and secure in their
rights of person and property under the Consti-
tution and laws, and that the Administration will
not invade those rights, and do not intend to do '
so. Nor do I think they intend, when Congress
assembles, to recommend a war policy. If they
follow the policy indicated by the Senator from
New Hampshire, there can be no war, for he
thinks that the laws should be enforced in the
States which have seceded so soon as they, by the
votesof a majority of their people, shall determine
to come back into the Union. The inference is,
that he is not going to enforce the laws until that
happens; and if they never come back, he will
never enforce the laws. If they do come back,
then there will be no objection to enforcing the
laws. So I suppose we are to understand that
when gentlemen talk so much about enforcing the
laws, they mean thatif the southern confederacy
shall dissolve, and each of the States shall resume
its position in this Union under the Constitution,
and send Senators and Representatives here to
help us pass laws, then they will enforce them in
those States for the protection of the people. If
that is what is meant by the enforcement of the
laws, I think there will not be much conti-oversy
upon that subject. If they are going to waituntil
that contingency shall happen, no friend of peace
will complain of their line of policy. But if they
arc going to use military force to execute the laws
in the States which have seceded, with the view
of coercing obedience to this Government, that
will lead directly to war. Why? We cannot en-
force laws in a country that is not in our posses-
sion. We have been expelled from the possession
of that country. The only possible mode by
which we can enforce our laws there is, if they
will not come back voluntarily, to send an army
and reduce them to submission, and hold them by
military occuptUion until they shall be willing to
yield obed icnce, and thus enable us to enforce the
laws on them. But since the war policy has been
so generally disavowed by Senators on that side
of the Chamber, and peace has been declared to
be the policy of the Administration, it seems that
I was not so far wrong when I incurred the dis-
pleasure of so many Senators on account of my
interpretation of the inaugural. For it seems to
be generally conceded now that no revenue is to
be collected unless Congress makes it the duty of
the President to do it; no ports are to be block-
aded unless Congress makes it the duty of the
President to blockade them; no military force is
to be used unless Congress shall require it to be
done, and provide the means; and that nothing is
to be done that leads to war. That is a very good
policy—a much wiser and better policy than I
had expected or hoped for from a Republican Ad-
ministration. I do not know that I should have
