1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
543
time antecedent to that. The Senator inquired
of the Chair if the railroad bill was a special order,
and was told it was not; that it had lost its place;
but I say somehow or other, by some parliament-
ary proceeding, all very proper, no doubt, it is
again the special order. I do not complain of it;
but the gentleman is speaking of precedence in
the order of business. The resolutions were pre-
cedent to his bill, but they have somehow lost
it. However, 1 have said all I desire to say on
this matter.
Mr. GWIN. The way the Pacific railroad bill
got precedence, was by a majority of the Senate
voting to ta'kc it up.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Yes, sir.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Let us find out now whether
there is a majority to take it up.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is the Senate
ready for the question on the motion of the Sen-
ator from Kentucky?
Mr. WILSON. I ask for the yeas and nays
on that question.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. LANE. Mr. President, 1 have nothing to
say upon this subject. I am in favor of a Pacific
railroad, and have always been in favor of a Pa-
cific railroad bill. That is well understood; but
my opinion is, that it is very much more import-
ant, at this time, to consider the resolutions of
the Senator from Kentucky. They relate to the
welfare cf the country. Somethingmustbedone,
or we shall have no country, and a railroad will be
of no consequence. It can never be made, I fear,
unless something can be done to stop the spirit of
dissolution that is now in the country. I should
like very much to see the railroad bill considered
to-day; but I trust it will be postponed for a day
or two, until it can be ascertained whether the
Senate intend to do anything on the important
subject of which I have spoken. If they can do
anything, they ought to do it quickly. That is
the way 1 look at it; and, though a Pacific rail-
road man, I shall vote in-favor of postponing the
consideration of that subject, and to take up the
resolutions of the Senator from Kentucky.
The Secretary proceeded to caM the ioil.
Mr, FOOT (when his name was calicd) said: I
desire to say that I have paired off upon all these
questions for the residue of this week, with the
Senator from North Carolina, [Mr. Bragg,] who
has been called home by sickness in his family.
1 yielded to that request, I may say, the more
readily from the fact of his having himself but
recently extended a like courtesy to the absent
Senator from Maine, [Mr. Hamlin.]
The result was then announced—yeas 20, nays
2G; as follows;
YEAS—Mes-sn. Benjamin, Bigler, Blight, Clingman,
Crittenden, Dnug'as, Fitch, Green, Hunter, Johnson of
Tennessee, Kennedy, L«uif\ Nicholson, rowel', Rico,
SnuMmry, Sebastian, Shdell, Thomson, and Wi l.ill—20.
NAYS—Mewf. Anthony. B.iker, Bingham, Ohandh'i,
Clan?, Collanier. Dixon. Doohttle, Duikoe, Fesr-<mrien,
Foster, Gt lines. Gwin. Hale, Harlan. Kin-j. Latham. Mor-
rill, Sewaid, Simmon*. Siunner, Ten Eyck, Tiumbull,
Wade, Wilkirwon, and Wilson—-2G-
So the motion was not agreed to.
Railroad to tiie pacific.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The hour hav-
ing arrived for the consideration of the Pacific
railroad bill, it is now before the Senate.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, rc-
, sumed the consideration of the bill (H. R. No.
701) to secure contracts, and make provision for
the sale, certain, and more speedy transportation,
by railroad, of mails, troops, munitions of war,
military and naval stores, between the Atlantic
States and those of the Pacific, and for other pur-
poses: the pending question being on the amend-
ment of Mr. Chandler, to insert the following
names in the bill:
J. W Btook«« of Michigan, F.rastns Corning of Now
York, Azariah Boody of New York, S. M. Felton of Penn-
sylvania, Edward L. Bakei ot Massachusetts, John F.
window of New York, J. s. Barbour of Virginia, John A.
Graham of Maryland, and James F. Joy of Michigan.
Mr. CHANDLER. I desire to withdraw that i
amendment, and offer another in its place. I wish '
to substitute, instead of those, the names of James
F. Joy and Eber B. Ward, of Michigan. 1 ask
that the names of those gentlemen be inserted in
the bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment offered by the Senator from
Michigan, to insert the names of James F. Joy
and Eber B. Ward, of Michigan..
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WADE. I move to amend the bill, in the
first section, by inserting the ne^me of A. Stone,
jr., of Ohio; and I will say that he is one of the
most experienced and able railroad men in the
State of Ohio. He has great experience in the
business; he is a man of great wealth, and is re-
garded as one of the best men we have.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GWIN. Now 1 hope the bill will be re-
ported to the Senate.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I have a short amendment
to offer to the second section.
Mr. FITCH. I desire to offer one to the first
section, which is in advance of that; though I do
not know that it makes any difference in the Sen-
ate whether we amend the sections in regular
order or not.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foster.)
Does the Senator from Louisiana give way to the
Senator from Indiana?
Mr. BENJAMIN. Yes, sir.
Mr. FITCH. I wish to add to the names of
the corporators residing within the State of Indi-
ana, " Dillard Ricketts, James Johnson,and Wil-
liam L. Brown."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. POLK. I move to amend by adding, after
the gentlemen named in the bill from Missouri,
" William M. McPherson and Thomas P. Hud-
son."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WADE. I only proposed' just now one
name from Ohio; but i sec that most gentlemen
propose two names from their States; and there-
fore 1 piopose now to add the name of William
Case, of Ohio—a most excellent man.
Air. WILSON. I suggest to the Senator that
that name is in the bill alieady.
Mr. WADE. Then I withdraw the motion.
Mr. FOOT. I offer the following names, to be
added to those already in the bill, from the State
of New York: " Martin V. B. Wilcoxson and
Nathaniel Niles."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. LANE. I now move to amend by striking
out from the list of names from Oregon the name
of " B. F. Harding," and inserting the name of
"J. II. Reed."
Mr. LATHAM. I think that was done yes-
terday.
Air. LANE. 1 inquire of the Chair, whether
this motion was put yesterday'
Mr. LATHAM. 1 know the Senator made it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
thinks this question has not been put.
Air. LANE. That is my recollection.
Air. CLARK. 1 desire to ask the Senator, if
the man whose name is already in the bill is not
a proper man to be there?
Air. LANE. I will say to the Senator that I
do not think he is.
Mr. CLARK. I have no objection to striking
oukany unfit man; but J .was very sorry yester-
day that we got into the debate which took place,
and that any names were stricken out, because it
seemed to "be an imputation on the gentlemen
whose names were stricken out. I would rather
add half a dozen than strike out any, if that will
satisfy the Senator.
Mr. LANE. 1 will say to the Senator, that I
was not consulted about the names that should be
included as the corporators in Oregon. I can sec
no advantage that the name of Harding can be to
this bill, or to the road. He has had, I believe,
no experience in railroad making. He has no
reputation that would give any strength to the
bill. Besides that, 1 will remark, that the three
gentlemen now mentioned m the bill are taken
from the northern portion of the State. As the
bill now stands, it provides for extending the road
from the Sacramento valley to Portland, in Ore-
gon. With the name that I propose to insert in
place of Air. Harding, we shall have two corpo-
rators living at the teimmus of that road, and we
shall have one at Jacksonville, in the southern
efld of the State. That will give strength to the
bill; that will give the road an advantage that it
would not have otherwise, in the getting of sub-
scribers and having the stock taken; and will, I
think, greatly promote the work. As Air. Hard-
ing is objectionable tome, for reasons that I do
not choose to say anything about here, and as I
had nothing whatever to do with presenting these
names, I think, when I'&ay one man is objection-
able, that I should have the privilege of naming
another, who shall be one of the corporators.
For these reasons; briefly given, I hope the Sen-
ate will not hesitate to strike out the name of
Harding, and insert the name of Reed.
Air. BAKER. I regret that itis incumbent on
me to say two or three words as to this motion
to strike out the name of Mr. Harding. It so
happened that, when I came here, i found the
railroad bill upon its passage through the other
House. I neither inquired, up to that moment,
nor did I know, what gentlemen from Oregon
had their names inserted in the bill. I had reason
to believe, and I do believe, that the names which
were in the bill were inserted there by the consent
of my colleague. I believe them all to be his
friends. I therefore did not think it improper to
suggest the name of one gentleman from the State
of Oregon; and I apprehend the Senate will think
it very improper to strike him out; he having
been put there at my suggestion, unless there be_
some good reason for it. I am very far from ob-
jecting to the names that are already in the bill
uy the wish of my colleague; and if, among the
three names that my colleague, or the Represent-
ative in the lower House, putin the bill, there are
any displeasing to him, or if he would desire to
substitute another name for any of tnem, or to
add an additional name, far be it from to raise
a controversy in the Senate upon that point. But
the gentleman whom I thought it not improper to
suggest myself, Mr. Harding, against whom the
endeavor is now made, I deem it proper to say,
is a citizen of the highest standing. He was the
Secretary of the territorial organization appointed
by the present Administration. Hois now the
Speaker of the House of Representatives of the
State of Oregon. He is a man of as much char-
acter as any there or elsewhere: a man of indom-
itable energy, and of the highest qualities among
the men of our State.
I do not seek to inquire—I am not quite sure
that I know—the reasons that prompt my col-
league to move his rejection from the bill. I
sure they must be other than mere personal ones
before the Senate will do that gentleman—or if I
may be allowed the expression, myself—that dis-
respect. I do notthink 1 have intruded upon the ;
Senate any personal wish or view of my own;
but I confess that I should feel it as an indignity
offered to him, my friend, and to me, which !
think neither of us deserves; and 1 hope, there-
fore, the Senate will not agree to the amendment
to strike out his name.
I deem it proper to remark, that whether the.
other three remaining in the bill are gentleman
that 1 would have selected is not now the ques-
tion. I find them there. They are thure by the
selection-of the gentlem^n'who represented the
State before I came here*. Far be it from me fr>
inquire into their personal or political relations
to me or to my friends, or to endeavor to remove
them; and if my colleague chooses to add the
name of Mr. Reed, although I confess it would
not be my choice, I shall not interfere in any wise
with that.
Mr. LANE. It is not my wish,Air. President,
to consume the time of the Senate over a matter
so small as this; but I differ very much from my
colleague in relation to thecharacter of this man.
I do not look upon him as standing fair in Oregon
at all; and outside of the county where he lives,
he has no reputation thatwould assist this work.
I shall not take the trouble to read, from many
newspapers that I have in my drawer, comments
on this man, Air. Harding; 1 would not give ad-
ditional publicity to them, but I will say that he
is objectionable to me. The Senator can name
no man m Oregon, of any political party, in place
of this man, that I would not checrfully accede
to. He says this man was appointed to the sec-
retaryship of the Territory by the present Ad-
ministration, as a Democrat. He was so appointed
by the last Administration, and, I believe, reap-
pointed by the present Administration, at my in-
stance. He was then recognized as a Democrat;
but his conduct recently as a politician lias been
such as to bringdown upon him the odium of all
good men in the State; and if the gentleman wants
i to hear the reasons as set forth, as I do not wish
