544
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 24.
to read them myself, I will place them in his hands.
In place of Mr. Harding, if he does not like Mr.
Reed, let him take any other man; let him take
Mr. Dryer, of Portland, an editorof a Republican
paper, who has made more noise about a railroad
project than any other man in the State; or at
least, he has taken a more active interest in at-
tending railroad meetings, and in presenting the
importance of this work, than any other man in
that State, I believe. He is opposed to me in
politics; he has fought against me in every polit-
ical battle; but he has done it openly, in a manly
way. I have no objection to Ins name, or to the
name of any other Republican; but this man is a
Republican claiming to be a Democrat. He is, in
my opinion, a dishonest man, a dishonest poli-
tician, dishonest in all things,unreliable, and not
worthy of a place in this bill. His name ought
to be stricken out of the bill, for it is objectionable,
and some other name put in. I am willing to
agree to any other man that the Senator will se-
lect. I am willing to leave it to him to say who
shall fill the place. I have presented the name of
Mr. Reed; but I am willing to take any other man
in the State, and I do not want a Democrat par-
ticularly. I would just as soon have a gentleman
of the opposite party as a Democrat, if lie is only
an honest man, and in favor of the work; but I
ask it as a favor of the Senate to me that this
name shall be stricken out, and the name of any
other person inserted that the Senator from Ore-
gon may suggest, I care not who that other person
may be.
Mr. BAKER. Mr. President, it is quite im-
possible for me to enter into a detail of the diffi-
culties which it is obvious exist between the gen-
tleman whose name it is proposed to strike out,
and my colleague. They are matters of our own
local history there—which I do notthink posterity
will be much concerned about—which I do not
propose by any word of mine to put on record
here. So far as the attack upon the chaiacterof
an absent gentleman is concerned, J only reply to
it so far as it affects this measure. I repeat, the
gentleman whose name is selected is a man of
unblemished reputation; he is as honest as my
colleague or myself; he is as much respected
wherever he is known. He was a member of the
last Legislature, and is now the Speaker of its
House of Representatives. He has been in the
most responsible office in the State for many years.
He is the leader of the Douglas Democracy of the
' State, and is the most efficient leader that my dis-
tinguished friend from Illinois has had in that
State. He is a man of pure moral character—a
character against which 1 have hitherto heard no
word ever spoken. He isa resident of the county
in which I live, and I know him intimately. That
his modern political relations are not.those of*
friendship with my colleague, I know, and (if 1
could say so) I would say I regret it; but that
. lm has personal relations unkindly to the distin-
^wfslijd Sjhator fVoni^rcgon is more thaji I know
from any word of his;opd I hope myxjolieague
and myself will both live long enough to regret
that the mere question of a name, a form in a bill
of this kind, should lead to a discussion, which I
think is unworthy of the place. If his name had
not been put there, and I had supposed that the
Senator would endeavor to reject it, I should, for
the sake of peace, not have offered it; but I submit
to every gentleman of right feeling on this floor,
that now, when this gentleman is sought to be
rejected upon an attack on his moral charaeteras
a man and as a gentleman, and considering it
was through my motion that his name was placed
there, and considering that the rejection would
be an attack repeated here and indorsed by the
Senate, and spread wherever his name is known,
it would he a measure so unkind to him, and so
unjust to me, that I believe scarcely any Senator
upon this floor will be found to do it.
I close by repeating, that far from objecting to
anybody the Senator has introduced, I will yield
to anybody he may yet introduce; and if, indeed,
he does in his heart believe that the gentleman
from Jacksonville,Mr. Reed, whom he proposes,
would aid in getting any stock in Oregon—I doubt
very much, in the state of our present finances,
whether anybody will get any—but if he really
believes that that gentleman would add any weight
to the bill, or any efficiency to the measure, I will
gladlyagree .to his introduction. I beg the pax*don
<of the Segals far detaining them for a moment on
a personal matter, and shall say no more on the
subject.
Mr. LANE* I do not intend to say another
word. I leave it to the Senate. I know this gen-
tleman better than the Senator from Oregon knows
him. I have known him very much longer. I
say that he is not trustworthy; he ought not to
be in the bill; and I ask for the yeas and nays
upon the motion.
Mr: CLARK. This question, I believe,is divis-
ible. The question may be taken first on striking
out the name.
Mr. LANE. I do not care who is inserted.
Mr. CLARIC. I have no objection to putting
in any name that may be proposed.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. In the opinion
of the Chair, the motion is not divisible. A mo-
tion to strike out and insert being made as one
motion, it must be put as one.
The question being put on Mr. Lane's amend-
ment, it was declared to be rejected.
Mr. WADE. I have caused a name to be in-
serted in this bill from Ohio 
Mr. LANE. I had asked for the yeas and nays
on my amendment,
Mr. BAKER. I second that. I have no objec-
tion to the yeas and nays.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair an-
nounced the decision; but, by common consent,
the yeas and nays may be taken. ["Oh, no!"]
Mr. LANE. Very well. I do not care any-
thing about it.
Mr. WADE. My colleague is not here; and
as I have caused the name of a person in the north-
ern part of the State of Ohio to be inserted, it is
suggested to me that there is a mostexcellent man
in the southern part of the State, whom it would
be well to put in the bill. 1 move to insert the
name of Thomas Sherlock, of Cincinnati. He is
an excellent man, and acquainted with this busi-
ness.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. 1 move to amend the bill
by inserting, in the proper plaee among the names
of the corporators, the name of Arnold Harris, of
the DistnctofColumbia. This District, 1 believe,
has no representative among the corporators now
in the bill. He is a gentleman in every way qual-
ified for the trust, and competent to meet the re-
sponsible duties which this position will impose
upon him. Therefore I submit his name by way
of amendment. *
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. There are some gen-
tlemen in Kentucky Jargely interested in railroad
matters; and I beg leave to offer the names of the
following five to be added to this bill as corpora-
tors: Jacob Swigert, John S. Robinson, Benjamin
Adams, John T. Bunch, William B. Wall, and
John W. Finnell, of Kentucky.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. THOMSON. I move to amend the bill,
Aby adding to the j>ist of corporators4he n^me oY
William Wright, of New Jersey.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILSOT^^[| arm;n dmeiH no^np^d^
The PRESIDING OFFICER. An amend-
ment was sent up by the Senator from Louisiana,
which was not read, because he gave way for
amendments to add names. If there are no fur-
ther amendments of that description to be now
offered, the amendment proposed by the Senator
from Louisiana will be read.
The Secretary read Mr, Benjamin's amend-
ment; which is, in line fifteen, of section two, after
the word " manufactured," to insert: "provided
the same can bo obtained as cheaply as imported
rails and iron work of equal quality;'' so as to
make the section read:
Such railroad to be supplied with all necessary drains,
culverts, viaduct*, cro^inss Mdmg<, bmlges, turnouts,
watering place.-*, d^pot1-, and all other equipments furni-
ture, and appuuenaucps of a first-olas* Milioad. with rails
ot a good quality and size, which lails, and all other iron
work, shall be of American manufacture: Provided, The
? ame can be obtained as chcaplyaa imported rails andiron
work of equal quality.
Mr. CAMERON. I hope that amendment will
not be agreed to. It destroys the feature requiiv
ing the rails to be of American iron.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I did not suppose there
could lie a possible objection to the amendment.
It certainly is not intended that we shall pay
the money of the Government for the construction
of the road, and provide that American rails and
American work shall be employed for it, even if
they cannot be got at the same price as imported
articles of equal quality; or in other words, that
we shall give, out of the Treasury, a sum of money
as a direct protection to American w&rk and Ameri-
can iron. I do not suppose a proposition of that
kind was ever made before. I supposed this
proviso had been omitted by mistake in draw-
ing up the bill. I had no idea that it was inten-
tional.
Mr. CAMERON. I suppose it is just as fair
that we should buy American iron, befcause of its
better quality, instead of European iron, as it is
that we should pay a tax on all the sugar we use
from other countries, for the benefit of the State
of Louisiana. 1 think the gentleman's State has
about as much benefit from this Government as
any State in the Union; and I think he is the last
person to talk about protection to the manufac-
turers of this country. The reason why the road
should be made of American iron is, that Amer-
ican rails are better, last longer—much longer than
any iron which is sent here from Europe. Our
warehouses are full now of foreign railroad iron
which has been condemned in every quarter of
the world. Only the other day, an acquaintance
of mine visited some of the public warehouses in
New York, and saw railroad iron there which had
been manufactured in England, sent into India
and there rejected, and then sent to America to be
sold here, because we buy any kind of worthless
iron provided it can be got at a cheap rate.
Mr. BENJAMIN. The Senator probably did
not hear the amendment read.
Mr. CAMERON. I heard it.
Mr. BENJAMIN. The proviso is, that it shall
be obtained at the same price if of equal quality.
Mr. CAMERON. I heard it read.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Then what has the quality
to do with it ?
Mr. CAMERON. I will meet the gentleman
there. Neither he nor any other man unaccus-
tomed to the article can tell, untd the iron is laid
down, whether it is of equal quality. Iron is
brought here,just as that 1 mentioned as coming
from India, looking quite as good as our own iron;
and if the gentleman were a purchaser, he would
probably buy it, because he could get it some ten,
or fifteen, or twenty dollars a ton less than our
own iron; but he would find directly after he got
it into use that it was worthless. The better way,
1 think, is to leave this provision as it was origin-
ally in the bill as passed by the other House.
Mr. GREEN. I would suggest the propriety
of striking out the word " American," and insert-
ing "United States." There is Canada, there
are the Russian possessions, there is Mexico,
there is Central America, and there is South
America, all in America; and if we intend to con-
fine it to iron manufactured by our own people,
" Ameiican" ought to be strickea-out and "Uni-
ted States" inserted.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. *The motion
of the Senator from Missouri cannot now be
entetiaincd. \ ^
GRiJE^f^TOine.was a stigge^lon, not a
moticm. v
The amendment of Mr. Benjamin was re-
jected.
Mr. GREEN. I now move to amend the clause
by striking out the word " American" and insert-
ing " United States."
The amendment was rejected.
Mr.TEN EYCK. Iproposethe nameofDud-
ley S. Gregory to be added to the bill as one of
the corporators from New Jersey. He is a man
of great respectability and intelligence and wealth,
and although I did not.propose to offer to amend
the bill in this particular at all, yet, since my col-
league has proposed the name of a very worthy
and excellent corporator from our State, I offer
this name for the purpose of making a balance.
Mr. THOMSON. I second the amendment
with all my heart.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I offer, as an amendment,
the names of Alexander Mitchell,'Charles D. Rob-
inson, Benjamin E. Hutchinson, Marshall M«
Strong, and John Hackett, from the State of Wis-
consin. e
Mr. POLK. I should like to ask the Senator
