1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
in that particular, as safe as if the bills had a thou-
sand provisoes in them. Besides, they had not
the power, as I said; they could not command a
majority in the Senate to put the proviso in; and
if they could have commanded a majority in both
Houses of Congress, the then President of the
United States would have vetoed the bills.
These facts are well known. Hence the Re-
publicans in Congress, anxious to have these
Territories organized, sure of the patronage of
the Government in the appointment of all the of-
ficers, feeling that they ran no risk whatever,
allowed these territorialgovernments to be organ-
ized without putting in a proviso on the subject
of slavery; and this is heralded to the country as
evidence that the Republican party, in a spirit of
patriotic devotion to the Constitution and the
rights of all the States, have abandoned their dis-
tinctive principles,and that there isnowno ground
of complaint upon the part of any portion of the
South, for they have received all, ay, in the lan-
guage of the Senator,more than they everclaimed.
If that state of feeling exists on the part of the
Republicans; if indeed, sir, they have abandoned
their distinctive principles, and are prepared to
recognize property in African slaves, and to deal
with the subject justly, how came it that they
voted down, upon the very last night of the ses-
sion, every proposition that had been offered in
the nature of an amendment to the Federal Con-
stitution, for the purpose of securing it? Long
after these territorial bills had passed, upon vote
after vote in this and the other House, the un-
broken vote of the Republican party was recorded
against any assurance, any guarantee, any recog-
nition whatever, of the right of that description
of property to Federal protection in or out of the
Territories.
But, sir, 1 will have no hideand-seek game. I
want no small fencing on this subject. There
they sit before me, the icpresentatives of a ma-
jority of the States of this Union of the Republi-
can faith, and in the presence of the Senator from
Illinois, and in the presence of the country, I ask
them now, have you, Senators, abandoned any
distinctive principle of the Republican platform?
Mr. COLLAIViER. Not that we are aware of.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I repeat, sir, I would
it were so; butl will not contribute to deceive the
people of the State that I in part represent, by
telling them that, m my opinion, the Republicans
liave abandoned then principles, when I know
they have not, and when, in the presence of the
country to-day, there is no one upon that side who
will avow that he has given up one idea, one word,
in the political platform that brought the present
Administration into power. Nay, sir, no longer
ago than the 4th of March, from the eastern por-
tico of the Capitol, and in the presence of a great
assembly of his countrymen, the President of the
United ^States declared in the most solemn manner
that this platform of political principle remained
a law to him and to his political friends; and yet
the Senator from Illinois says he will expect me
when I return to Kentucky, through the mount-
ains and over the plains of my native State, to
announce to herpeople that the Republican party,
abandon ing their principles and agreeing m a spirit
of patriotism and love of country to do equal jus-
tice to all the States of the Union, have given the
South all that she is entitled to ask, ay, and more.
Sir, I shall do no such thing. In my opinion, it
would be a deception upon the people, and,"for
one, I will have no part in practicing it.
So much for that, Mr. President. It gave me
pain to be obliged to declare, on the floor of the
Senate, that during all the convulsions of the last
winter,! had been able to see no evidence of a pur-
pose on the part of the Republicans to give up any
of their essential principles; but it was the truth;
and I felt bound to speak the truth; and one object
that 1 had in the remarks which I made the other
day was to point out to Senators upon the Repub-
lican side that I feared there was no mode to re-
store the union of the States unless they could
yield those distinctive principles; for I regarded
them as at war with the true principles of the
Constitution, and incompatible with the continued
existence of the Government. Everybody here
understands all about those territorial bills. Every-
body knows that the Republicans did not put the
proviso in, first, because they had not the power
at that time to do it; and if they had the legislative
power it would have been vetoed by the President;
and next because, being anxious to have the Ter-
ritories organized with the population they had
there, and with the patronage of the Administra-
tion, judicial and otherwise, they felt that there
was no hazard that any constitutional right of
vslave property claimed by the South would be
allowed in those Territories. If I am wrong, 1
: desire now to be corrected by some Senator on the
! Republican side of the Chamber. If I am right—
1 and their silence, as well as the well-known facts
of the case, assure me that I am right—then this
new announcement given out to the country, that
there should be harmony, peace, and perfect tran-
quillity, because the Republican party intend to
give the South all she wants and more than she
iias claimed, is a premature announcement, cal-
culated only to mislead and delude the people.
I feel bound to say, Mr. President, and I do it
with a great deal of regret, that it seems to me the
Republican party is hardening and consolidating
every day; and one of the gloomiest signs of the
times is, that it is arraying itself in solid phalanx
upon its distinctive principles, in the presence of
the tremendous events that, are upon us in this
country. If it gives up a fort in the confederate
States, it does it in agony and with tears, and de-
clares that the reason is nota political, but purely
a military reason. In the organization of the Gov-
ernment, the most radical, anti-slavery, and ag-
gressive of that party occupy the most conspicuous
positions in the Cabinet, upon this floor, in the
foreign missions, and elsewhere. Whom are you
.confirming for public office every day, but men
who trample, without shame, the Constitution
under their feet; who refuse to recognize that pro-
vision which provides for the return of fugitives
from labor; who have boasted, upon the floor of
the House of Representatives, and elsewhere, that
they have been personally engaged in running
away negro slaves? They arc confirmed by this
Senate. These evidences look in any other direc-
tion than a purpose on the part of your political
organization, Senators, to yield any of your dis-
tinctive and aggressive principles. No, sir; the
complaint that has sundered this Confederacy, and
that, if not soon remedied, is likely to sunder it
still more, is, that a majority of the States of this
Union, and the common Government of the whole
which they have put in power, is hostile, aggress-
ive, will not be impartial between the States and
their institutions, will not recognize the property
! of nearly half the States, and will m no form give
I it Federal protection. Will you do it? If yea,
| say so. There is no Senator upon tin* other side
i of the Chamber that will agree to do it. It is, 1
I charge, the fixed purpose of the Republican or-
j ganization to exclude, directly or indirectly, from
! every inch of the common territory of the Union,
j every citizen of every southern State who desires
j to carry with him his slave property; in other
! words, you do not intend to allow property in
1 slaves to be recognized or protected in any form
| in the common Temtoiies oi the Union. Is not
■ thattr,ue' Then let the issue be understood. The
: danger is imminent. We cannot cure the public
! disoidersby deceiving ourselves or others. This
1 is yourplatform; these are your principles: and,
! unless the people turn their representatives out of
| power, these principles will be rigidly carried into
j execution.
j Mr. President, I will not abuse the patience of
' the Senate by enlarging on these subjects. I may
! be allowed to say a few words, before I close, to
I Senators on the other side of the Chamber. We
; have been sitting here since the 4th day of March,
! lookingatadismembered Confederacy; looking at
I seven States associated together in a federal gov-
j eminent, daily consolidatingand confirming their
: power; looking at the discontents in other States;
! witnessing, in silence and impotence, the move-
! ments in the border States, which are still loyal,
: clinging to a hope of settlement, and exerting
^ themselves to bring about a reunion of the States;
; and yet, I grieve to say that no evidences have I
seen on that side of the Chamber of a disposi-
tion to meet these endeavors half way.
J Mr. President, the border slave States them-
I selves cannot reunite this Confederacy. The ma-
j joi ity of the people of the non-sla vehold ing States,
i whom you are supposed to represent, alone have
it in their power to do so; and, sir, I express the
i opinion with grief, but with conviction, that un-
j less, m a short time, the people whom you rep-
, resent manifest a spirit to give cordially and freely
the full measure of their constitutional right® to
the southern States, the question will be solved in
one of three ways. Either We shall drift into civil
strife, although that will not be the result if you
give the people of the country an opportunity to
speak. Some time ago my apprehensions 'were
^reat that we were upon the eve of civil
Thej^have been, to a great extent, relieved; and
my opinion now is, that, if you will give the peo-
ple, north and south, an opportunity to speak,
in no event will there be civil war; but if we have
not civil strife, then another possible solution
would be a peaceable separation of this Confed-
eracy by treaty. That you may come to if noth-
ing be done; but if the Republican statesmenand
people remain firm, rigid, and determined, there
is one other result that you may drive them to. I
am not giving my opinion upon the merits of these
different courses of conduct, but my judgment as
to the probable result. The third possibly would
be, if neither of the others took effect, the forma-
tion upon the confederate States, and upon their
constitution, of State after State who believe that
it represents the true principles of the original
Federal system. The Crittenden resolutions, cor-
dially adopted at the beginning of the late session
ofCongress, would have prevented the withdrawal
of every State except South Carolina. The dan-
ger is great now that even the cordial adoption of
those resolutions would not recall the confederate
States into the Union; and I venture modestly,
but with great confidence in its truth, to say that,
if six months shall elapse withoutan active, wide-
spread, fraternal disposition manifested on the part
of the Republican people and statesmen of the
North to meet us upon such grounds as have been
indicated by the mass of the southern statesmen
in the two Houses of Congress, you make up
your minds, gentlemen, either to provide by treaty
for a peaceful severance, or, if obstacles continue
to be thrown in the way, it will settle itself by
State after State going and uniting with the con-
federate States on the constitution they have
formed; and, as far as I can see, you gentlemen
upon the other side of the Chamber, and the peo-
ple whom you represent, alone have it in your
power to avert this result.
Sir, we in the border States speak with some
feeling on this subject. Our geographical posi-
tion, our habits of thought—all our associations
—incline us to a union of all the States. Those
of us who live a few miles on either side of the
border, if the passions of men should become
aroused, and if indeed human nature has made no
progress since the times of the Peloponnesian war,
and if without cause, and with no rational end in
view, men shall rush into war, would be engaged
in it; yes, and would even have to contribute our
children to the unnatural strife. Hence, sir, while
we speak regretfully, we speak plainly.
If the border slave States have a convention, as
seems now to be probable, and the people of the
non-slaveholdingStatesshould deem it their duty
to reject such propositions as they may make,
the present disruption of the Federal Union will
inevitably extend to fifteen States, and then the
other States will array themselves according to
their judgment of the fidelity of the two constitu-
tions to the true nature of a confederacy and the
true spirit of our political system; and it maybe,
gentlemen,' that at no distant day that will be the
largest confederacy on this continent
Mr. President, it may be presumptuous in me
to offer these reflections, and throw out these sug-
gestions. I do it with perfect respect, and in per-
fect good faith. But, sir, what is our present and
immediate condition > What is the policyof this
Administration, and what the policy of the dom-
inant party in the Senate, on the question that
threatens immediate collision? We have now
been in special session of the Senate for three
weeks; every hour of every day during those three
weeks, the danger lias been imminent of a collis-
ion of arms and bloodshed, the ultimate conse-
quences of which no man can foretell. Do Sen-
ators on the other side know and approve of the
policy and purposes of the Administration in re-
gard to that issue? Can it be possible that the
President of the United States will allow the Sen*
ate, which is his constitutional adviser, to be in
session for three weeks during such a crisis as
this country never saw, without communicating
to any member of it the policy he intends to pur-
sue in the midst of such events ?
