548
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 24,
tion of the mail itself against any attempt that
may be made by savages or robbers for its cap-
ture. You will by this peaceful proposition es-
tablish a cordon of posts across the continent,
without one cent of expense added to your mili-
tary appropriations. Arrd if, unfortunately and
unhappily, the country should be involved in war,
this treasure would be compelled to come across
the center of the continent, and for that purpose
we will have these stations already prepared to
our hands. We will have daily transit across
the continent,and these posts provided in advance,
by which, in a few days, we could provide pro-
tection for the safety of this treasure.
Mr. Speaker, the people of California and the
people.of the Pacific coast have waited for this
beneficent proposition long. They have waited
hopefully. I grant that the Treasury is in a
straitened condition; but if you wish to bind the
Pacific States more closely to the Union and the
Atlantic States—to make them faithful \o the
Union-loving members of this Confederacy—
there is nothing you can do that will incite and
increase their patriotism more than to give them
what they have a right to demand—a daily con-
nection with the States on the Atlantic coast, from
which they are so widely separated. It will be
more potential than any bands of either iron or
gold.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I have an
amendment which 1 move to come in after the
amendment of the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
Mr. COLFAX. Let me say, before the gen-
, tlerrmn from Illinois introduces his amendment,
that 1 am authorized by the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads to accept, as a modi-
fication of the amendment of the committee, an
amendment to be offered by the gentleman from
Texas, [Mr. Hamilton,] increasing: the service
upon the southern route at a cost of $80,000, so
as to give a semi-weekly service through that
State from California to New Orleans; provided,
of course, the States of Louisiana and Texas re-
mam in the Union, as L sincerely trust they may.
Can the gentleman answer whether they will?
Mr. HAMILTON. The gentleman would
seem to require me to declare here what would
involve a heavy responsibility upon me; but in
answer to his Question, I can only say, as one of
the citizens of Texas, and one of her Representa-
tives upon this floor, that I hope she is not going
to withdraw herself from the Union. I believe,
since Gongresshas shown a disposition to treat her
fairly as a member of this Confederacy, we have
gone far toward keeping her in the Union; and I
will take great pleasure, when I return to my peo-
ple, in saying that so long as Texas is treated in
the manner she has been by this Congress, it will
be much to her advantage to remain where she
is. I trust she will. If she should withdraw
from the Union, I take it she could get no advant-
age under the amendment I am about to offer,
even if there wore no proviso attached to it. For
one, I declare, if Texas withdraws from the Union,
she has no right to have mail facilities at the ex-
pense of the General Government.
Mr. COLFAX. I want, if she secedes, that
the Postmaster General shall have the same right
to strike down that service that he has exercised
with regard to the service near Pensacola.
The Clerk read Mr. Hamilton's amendment,
as follows:
That the Postmaster General b hereby dheeted to extend
the existing mail contract on loute No. 8076, m the State of
'JYxat., so that it will expire with connecting route No.
1-J578, known as the Buitcrfield route, provided it can be
done at an additional expense not exceeding $80,000 per
annum, and provide for a bemi-weekly connection with the
city of New Orleans.
Mr. COLFAX. I accept that as a modification
of the pending amendment, adding to it these
words:
Km the Postmaster General shall have the same author-
ity over this as over ail other routes.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I offer the
following amendment:
And the Postmaster General i«s hereby directed to re^x-
aimru- the cau>e  for discontinuance or curtailment of the
postal service on inland routes* since the 4th day ot March
18f<9, and to re«tote all such parts of said service a* can be
restored with a due regard to the public interest and the
eijeum^tariee.- of each ease, whether such discontinuance
or c urtailment was upon contracts then in force, or were
takm; effvet on the making of new contracts: Provided,
fiovpeaer. That the restoutioii or increased seryi.ee hereby
contemplated sbSll be with the assent of the contractor in
each case, or in pursuance of his contract.
Mr. Speaker, thatamendment brings up, to some
extent, the question which was before Congress
at the last session, in reference to the reestablish-
ment of the mail service which had been discon-
tinued by the Postmaster General. It will be recol-
lected that this House, by many votes—nearly
two thirds—passed an amendment to one of the
appropriation bills, directing the reestabiishment
of the mail service which had been discontinued.
The Senate persistently refused to concur in that
amendment; and upon the last day of the session,
for the purpose of preventing the bill being tost,
the House finally rcceded. Now, sir, the amend-
ment which I have sent to the Clerk's desk, and
which has been read, does not propose a per-
emptory reestabiishment of the mail service; but
in view of the action of the Post Office Depart-
ment, it directs the Postmaster General to reopen
all of the cases, and in his discretion to reestab-
lish the postal service where the public interest
requires it. That is the whole extent of this
amendment; and I do not believe it will be objected
to by a single member of this House.
Mr. BURCH. I do not believe that the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Illinois is in order to
this post route bill which we have now under con-
sideration ;and, inasmuch as I cannot sec why the
gentleman should desire to load down that section
of this bill which refers to the overland mail route,
to which his amendment is offered, I raise the
point of order that the amendment is not germane,
and also that it is new legislation.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. It is entirely
germane to this post route bill, for that is the sub-
ject we are legislating about.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. Allow me to ask
the gentleman from Illinois, whether the existing
law does not confer upon the Postmaster General
that authority '
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. No sir.
Mr. BURCH. I will sny to the gentleman,
that I have no objection to his amendment per se,
but I object to its being attached to this bill.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Would the
gentleman from California raise a point of order
for the purpose of preventing the Postmaster
General from reestablishing these routes?
Mr. BURCH. As I said before, I have no ob-
jection to the passage of the gentleman's amend-
ment in the proper place. On frequent occasions,
last winter, I voted for amendments similar to
this; and also as a member on the Committee on
thePostOfllceandPostRoads. I cooperated with
them in all efforts to restore and reestablish the
mail service in all sections of the United States;
but 1 object toit now, because I do not believe
that we should load down the provision for an
overland mail route to California with this prop-
osition.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I differ with
the gentleman from California; for instead of load-
ing down the overland mail proposition, I think
this amendment will do more than anything else
to help it along.
Mr. BURNETT. Allow me to ask the gen-
tleman from Illinois a question. 1 desire to know
whether the Postmaster General has not now the
discretion necessary to enable him to restore any
of the mail service which, in his judgment, he
thinks ought to be restored?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. That is the
very question propounded by the gentleman from
Missouri, and which I desire to answer. The
Postmaster General has made his decisions upon
all of these cases. They are matters upon which
the Department has aheady nctyd; and according
to the rules which have always governed the De-
partment, the question is now res cidjudicata; and
the present Postmaster General, or any subse-
quent one, would say, should you go to him and
ask him to restore this service, that his prede-
cessor had already acted upon the matter, and
refused to restore the' loutes, and he must be
governed by that a'ction of his predecessor.
And this is one of the reasons why I desire that
this discretion shall bo vested in the Postmaster
General, in order that he may take up all these
cases anew, examine them, and wherever he be-
lieves the public interest required that additional
mail service should be put on or restored, that he
may have the power to do it.
I will not consume the time of the House upon
this matter until I hear objection made to it; but
if objection shall be made, I will take occasion to
answer it.
Mr. COLFAX. I cooperated with my friend
from Illinois during the last session, as he very
well knows, for amendments of this character;
but I must say to him that I cannot continue that
contest during this session. We found that the
Senate were hostile to our proposition', and that
it almost resulted in the defeat of the Post Office
appropriation bill. Upon the bill now under con-
sideration we have an accumulation of post routes
for the last three years. This post route bill has
been killed year after year by amendments placed
upon it; once by a proposition for the increase of
postage being placed upon it, and on another oc-
casion for want of time. Now, I am desirous that
all the members of this House who have post
routes in their interior regions, and who desire,
where settlements have gone, co have the mails
follow them, should have this bill pass. The Sen-
ate have putona number of amendments,and we
have concurred in them,in substance. Theonly
material amendment to this bill is that which re-
lates to the overland mail; which the Senate pre-
sented in one way, and which the Post Office
Committee of this House have this morning, in a
modified form, presented to the House. I fear
that if we put into this bill the amendment of the
gentleman from Illinois, it will tend to break
down this bill in the Senate.
Further than that. I will say to the gentleman
that what he proposes now can be done by the
Postmaster General. 1 understood him, and I
have understood other gentlemen, to take the
ground that the Postmaster General has once
ta^en up these cases,and that his succcssor cannot
reexamine them. I grant that that is true in some
respects, as in eases of claims under contracts,
extra^pay, settlement of postmasters' accounts,
&c.; but it is not true in regard to the enlargement
or curtailment of the mail service upon any exist-
ing post routes of the country. That is within
the power of the present Postmaster General, and
it will be within the power of his successor, I
think we ought to have confidence that the incom-
ing Administration will do what justice requires,
and that the wants of the people will be attend-
ed to.
Mr. PHELPS. I have merely a word to say.
We find ourselves oftentimes involved in diffi-
culty, because of amendments, which are added
to our bills by the Senate, which ought not to be
added. I am of opinion that policy requires that
upon a bill establishing post routes through the
country no other or further legislation should be
placed upon it; that it should stand very much like
appropriation bills. In those bills we propose to
appropriate so much money as is required by ex-
isting laws. So, in bills establishing post roads,
we purpose to establish by law such post roads as
we believe are now necessary, in addition to those
already established. But the misfortune is, that
upon this bill you have provisions relating to the
postal system, for providing for the rate of speed
at which the service shall be performed, the rates
of postage, the mode of conveyance, and you
have other provisions which are entirely incon-
gruous to the subject-matter of the bill. That in-
volves us in difficulties, and oftentimes it has led
to the defeat of the post route bill.
These are reasons which present themselves to
me, and which dispose me to oppose much of the
legislation in this bill, while I might feel disposed
to sustain the same measures were they independ-
ently presented to me. In a bill relating to post-
ages, and to the regulation of the Post Office
Department exclusively, I might have been dis-
posed to agree to them. The proposition sub-
mitted by the gentleman from Illinois, and which
is now the proposition immediately under discus-
sion, was one considered during the last session
of Congress, and because of the defeat of the Post
Office appropriation bill, the Postmaster General
was compelled to reduce the service in many por-
tions of the country. Still, as he possessed the
power to restore it whenever there was money
placed at his disposal without our authorizing him
to do &o, I was unwilling then, as I am now, by a
mandatory net, to direct him to^restore the service
where he does not consider it his duty to do so,
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. What does
the gentleman mean by " mandatory act?"
Mr. PHELPS. If I understand the amendment
