1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
of the gentleman from Illinois, it directs the Post-
master General to restore the service wherever he
had discontinued it. I do not know the exact
language of the amendment.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The gen-
tleman is mistaken. It merely directs him to ex-
amine those cases; and in cases where the public
interest requires it, he is permitted to restore the
service.
Mr. FHELPS. I have sated the spirit of the
amendment. It is the duty of the Postmaster
General, without any such provision, to examine
and see whether an increased mail service sl\ou!d
be performed in any section of the country ;sand
if he believes that the mail service of any portion
of the Union should be increased, it is his d.u|f
to increase it, provided he has the means at his
disposal to pay for that service. I say, then, that
the provision of the amendment submitted by
the gentleman from Illinois is, in its nature, mand-
atory. It is mandatory: it requires him to restore
the mail service which he has discontinued; and
it can receive no other construction if it shall be-
come a law.
We have, Mr.Speaker,otheramendments upon
this bill. I have not had time to examine them,
nor shall I express any opinion in relation to them,
except this: that it becomes the duty of the mem-
bers of this House and of the other branch of
Congress, to look well to the expenditures they
are about to authorize. You must first inquire
as to your means. Are you willing to increase
the mail service of the country heyond its present
limits when you have to go into the market and
borrow money at ten and twelve per cent, per
annum? Already the expense of the mail service
of the United States exceeds, by some four or five
million dollars, the revenue derived from that
branch of the public service. When we adhered
to the old rule, that the expenditures of the De-
partmentshould not exceed the receipts, the postal
scrvicc of the country was gradually extended
according to the wants and necessities of the com-
munity. 1 cannot sanction the provisions con-
tained in these amendments; and before the bill
is disposed of, I may, perhaps, present my views
in regard to some of them.
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I regret very
much to be compelled to oppose the amendment
proposed by the gentleman from Indiana; but a
sense of duty compels mo to do so. I am as much
in favor of postal service to California, and daily
mail routes, of railroads and telegraphs, as any
man living. And yet it is utterly idle, it is crim-
inal, for us now to be considering subjects of this
character, when we are borrowing money at the
rate of twelve per cent. We have to provide
$23,000,000 for deficiencies by the 1st of July.
We have to pass, before this session closes, loan
bills to the amount of near fifty million dollars.
It seems to me to be idle and criminal to talk about
increasing the postal scrvice of the country under
such circumstances.
Now, 1 would be willing to extend to Califor-
nia all the service that is needed. She now has
tri-monthly service by the Isthmus of Panama and
semi-weekly on the southern and northern routes.
Mr. BURCH. The gentleman will find that
the ocean service is to be discontinued.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not desire to be inter-
rupted .
Mr. COLFAX. The gentleman ought to let
me correct him about a question of fact. There
is no semi-weekly service on the central route._
Mr. SHERMAN. If the gentleman had lis-
tened to me, he would have found that I was not
mistaken. There is tri-monthly service by the
Panama route; there is weekly service on the
northern route, and weekly service on the south-
ern route—making semi-weekly service overland;
and we have other routes. Now, it seems to me
that our fellow-citizens in California can get along
a little while longer, in the strait in which we are
involved, and that we should not now embark in
new adventures, which will cost not less than
$300,000 a year additional. Until yesterday, there
were lying on the desk of the Secretary of the
Treasury between two and three million dollars of
drafts which had not been paid, because there was
no money in the Treasury to pay them, and which
are only now being paid by selling Treasury notes
at a rate of interest of nine per cent. He sent
you a communication yesterday, which has been
printed, showing that he will want a loan before
the 1st of next July of $21,677,524, to supply
deficiencies. In addition to that, you have already
passed a deficiency bill of nearly two millio«,
which makes it §23,000,000. The Committee of
Ways and Means will have, within a week, to
report a bill to borrow $23,000,000, unless the
tariff bill shall pass, which itself authorizes a loan.
Shall we, under such circumstances, provide for
increasing the expenditures of the Government?
Let gentlemen remember, once for all, that for
expenditures after the 1st of July, we have to pro-
vide for p0,000,000 more, even if all the political
troubles which now overhang us should pass away
in peace. And, sir, if war should come, we do
not know how much more we should require. I
trust, then, that my friends will not press these
propositions to incieuse the expenditures.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I will with-
draw my amendment to the amendment of the
gentleman from Indiana. I do not wish to link
us fate with the fate of that amendment; but will
offer it to some other part of the bill.
Mr. GROW. Proposing to vote for this over-
land route, 1 desire to say a word or two in ex-
planation of my vote. I deprecate the practice
which has grown up within the last two or three
years, of attaching legislation of all sorts to the
general post route bill by the Senate, thus com-
pelling us to legislate upon a bill that no one has
any substantial objection to, in the first instance,
on alt kinds of controverted questions. While
I am opposed to that system, we are compelled
now to act on these amendments.
It costs the Government,at present, asl under-
stand it, aside from the Butterfield route, about
six hundred thousand dollars for mail service to
the Pacific coast. The Butteifield route is fixed
by law, and need not enter into the consideration
of this question, one way or the other. Six hun-
dred thousand dollars are spent now, nearly one
half on the sea scrvice, and the other half on the
overland route.
Mr. Speaker, 1 am opposed to spending one
cent of money for water communication between
the Atlanticand Pacific coasts, so long as we have
a vast interior continent to develop. When we
send mail facilities through that wilderness, we
are opening up emigrant lines of travel, and pro-
viding them with bettor protection thanfortsand
armies can give the settlers. Then, why send
slops over two oceans to carry the mails to the
people who inhabit the Pacific coast, when, by
carrying the mails overland, you furnish facilities
for the development of the interior and the pro-
tection of emigrants and of the hardy pioneers,
who are, day by day, filling up our vast wilder-
nesses? Two hundred thousand dollars a year
additional is required to furnish a daily mail ser-
vice to the Pacific overland, and thus secure these
desirable ends. Why should we hesitate to give
$200,000 for a necessary purpose when benefits,
of this kind are to result from it? Is it not the
duty of the Government to furnish the same fa-
cilities to an equal number of people, with equal
business, with equal attachment to the country,
wherever their homes may be ? Because a great
wilderness intervenes between the settlements on
the Atlantic and the half million people on tlie
Pacific slope—a wilderness inhabited only by sav-
ages and wild beasts—is not the obligation of the
Government to those people the same as to any
other half million of our people living on the At-
lantic coast or the Gulf of Mexico ?
Well, then, Mr. Speaker, §200,000 additional
expenditure will give to the Pacific slope, with
its half million people paying annually not less
than §2,000,000 of revenue to the Government
from customs alone, daily mall facilities such as
we furnish the people elsewhere. And while doing
that, what else shall we accomplish ? By placing
mail stations along the emigrant routes between
the Atlantic and the Pacific, you will guard the
hardy pioneers seeking new homes better than it
could be done in any other way; for a mail sta-
tion, established and guarded by private enter-
prise, is worth more, as a shield and protection
to settlements and to emigrants, than fortifications
and soldiers.
Mr. MAYNARD. I would ask the gentleman
whether it would not be better to postpone^the
abolition of tins water communication with Cali-
fornia for two or three years, until we can have
the beneficent operations of the homestead bill to
carrv the settlers into this interior region :
Mr. GROW. Mr. Speaker, it is the duty ofthe
Government to protect the pioneers wljo settle
the wilderness even under the homesteads. It is
as much its duty to guard them against the savage
and the wild beast, as it is to protect the hearth-
stone of the gentleman from Tennessee.' Na-rfiat-
ter what it may cost the Government; the Amer-
ican citizen and his fireside must be secured under
the shield of this Government, whether he makes
his home on the frontier or in one of the original
States of the Union.
Mr. H1NDMAN. Does the gentleman, in
speaking of protection by the Government, pro-
pose to extend it to property as well as persons ?
Mr. GROW. I do, certainly. I know no dis-
tinction between them. But I suppose the gen-
tleman meant to bring the " nigger" into this
controversy. There is hardly any subject that
comes up here in which the " nigger" does not
appear; and certain men are now trying to break
up tl\,e Union, because they^care moj-e for the
" rights of property," as they call it, than they
do for the rights of man. I want the Government
to protect the rights of men, the hearthstones and
firesides of those who have gone forth to people
the wilderness, and build up the great empires
which to-day span the continent, and has made
this country the wonder and admiration of the
world. I do not see why this Government is
not as much bound to give to the people on the
Pacific the same benefits and facilities as it gives
to an equal number of people living in the old
portions ofthe country.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. I ask the gentleman
from Pennsylvania whether the establishment of
these mail stations all the way across the conti-
nent, at every fifteen miles, will not lessen our
actual annual Indian expenses enough to make it
a matter of economy ?
Mr. GROW. 1 am afraid the gentleman from
Missouri has not listened to my remarks,unless,
indeed, he wished me to repeat what I have said
on that point, thinking, perhaps, that that was
the only thing 1 have said of any consequence. So
I repeat it. I said, Mr. Speaker, that these sta-
tions along the mail routes were worth more to
protect the emigrant lines of travel than forts and
armies, the protection of which the Government
is bound to give, and docs give. For ten years
past, I have seen Army appropriation bills passed
by this House, appropriating from ten to fifteen
million dollars—part of which was to build forts
along the frontiers—and nobody objected to the
amount for Army expenses. And appeals have
been made for yeais past to increase the Army.
For what ? To protect the emigraiy lines of travel.
And yet, one regiment costs the Government more
money than the entire overland mail service would;
and when you have raised that regiment, it is
worth but little, m comparison with the mail route,
for the protection of emigrants and pioneers.
I wanted to state the point of my argument
over again for the benefit of the gentleman from
Missouri, and because I think that he appreciates
that portion of my statement. It costs now
$600,000 to send the mails to California—leaving
out the Butterfield route altogether; $200,000
more will give a daily overland mail to the Pacific
coast, carrying all the mail matter in less time
than it is carried now by water. The only ques-
tion is, shall we appropriate $200,000 a year more
for the purpose of furnishing these daily mail
facilities to the Pacific coast, and abandon water
communication, thus accomplishing three things
which it is the duty of the Government to furnish
to the people: first, to give mail facilities alike to
an equal number of people, of equal business;
second, to defend the settlements in the wilder-
ness by planting all through it those mail stations
as nuclei of defense; and third, to give protection
to the emigrant on his lines of emigration against
the savages ? The Government is bound in good ■
faith to the people, everywhere to protect their
lives and homes, whether on the spot where they
are born, or 111 their new homes in the western
wilderness.
Mr. MOORE, ofKentucky. I move toamena,
by striking out of the proviso, at line seventeen,
the words, "at least semi-weekly," and inserting
in lieu thereof the words " daily;" so that it will
read:
Provided, That the contractor shall supply Denver City
and Gi eat Salt Lake City daily without extra charge.
I have no speech to make by way of enforcing
