1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ident Lincoln upon this subject justify a dissolu-
tion of the Union?
But wo are told that the number of the free
States is increasing more rapidly than that of the
slave States; that, in process of time, the former
will compose three fourths of all the members of
the Union, and will then so amend the Constitu-
tion as to secure the abolition of slavery. What
if liberty is outstripping slavery in the march of
empire? Will you fetter the indomitable ener-
gies of freedom, till it shall limp and luilt along
at the slow pace of bondage? How can the free
States acquire the apprehended preponderance?
When all our territory is organized into States;
when Kansas, Nebraska, Dacotah, Washington,
Pike's Peak, New Mexico, Arizona, Utah, and
the Indian reservation, shall be members of the
Union, with constitutions such as Jeffeison would
approve, there will be but twenty-seven States
against your fifteen, and you are already author-
ized to add toyournumberfourmorefromTexas.
Unless you extend our dominions by foreign ac-
quisition, it is impossible, with the States that
will be formed out of our present territory, to ac-
quire the three fourths requisite to amend the Con-
stitution in this respect. This apprehension ceases,
then, to be a cause for rebellion.
We arc told, however, that the free States will
not hesitate, when they are strong enough, to vio-
late the Constitution. Such an argument is a
simple insult; it i3 the bald pretense of a traitor
seeking a cover for his treason. If it proves any-
thing, it demonstrates that no concession that can
be made will reach the root of the difficulty.
It is urged, finally, that the people of the north-
ern States have enacted laws, which are termed
personal liberty bills, and which interfere with
the effective operation of the s.alute for the ren-
dition of fugitives from service. I inquire into the
fact, and I discover that in order to prevent abuse
of process under the rendition act, which is so
constructed as to be peculiarly liable tosnch abuse,
the Legislatures of some of the northern States
have thrown guards around the freedom of their
people; but, with only two or three possible ex-
ceptions, without in any wise contravening the
Constitution or the laws of the United States. My
own State is arraigned. I look at her statute, and
find an act, whose purpose seems to be to prevent
abuse of process and the reduction of freemen to
bondage, and which, in no degree, impairs the.
rights of claimants under the rendition law. I ask
if any case has occurred, in any State, where a
claimant has lost the services of a fugitive through
the intervention of process under a personal lib-
erty bill; and I learn that not a single instance of
the kind has happened.
But, it is added that northern ministers preach,
northern eduors write, and northern orators speak
against slavery to the people of the North; and
that thus the northern mind has become so de-
moralized as to prefer freedom to bondage. Let,
then, southern ministers, editors, and orators,
come and answer those of the North; no mob
shall tar and feather, hang, orshoottliem; if their
efforts shall prove fruitless, the evils of free speech
and a free press are beyond remedy.
I have now considered the avowed reasons for
this rebellion; and, on a fair examination of them,
I am constrained to say that they are utterly friv-
olous, and such as, in themselves, could never
have moved the people of any State to sedition
and revolt. The causes lie deeper; and 1 now
proceed to unfold them.
Disunion, in its present shape, is of thirty years
growth, although, until the 6th of November last,
it expanded in the dark. It may be traced to the
workings of a single mind, disappointed of a
cherished ambition—when John C. Calhoun lost
the hope of being the successor of Andrew Jack-
son. Though destitute of the highest qualities of
statesmanship, Mr. Calhoun had, nevertheless,
the sagacity to perceive the yet unconscious
strength of what has since been called " the slave
power" in our complex system of government;
how existing compactly in one section of the
country, and embracing a pecuniary interest so
vast that the mind is unable to grasp it, if its
political capacities could be brought to act as a
unit, in connection with either of the great parties
in the other section, it would be potent to rule,
and how, if severed from all parties, it might be
able to rum the Republic. All the years of his life,
after the disappointment of his ambitious ex-
pectations, were spent in ceaseless and successful
efforts to unite the slaveholding interest as a single
combatant in the political arena. Is was neces-
sary, first of all, to defy the sentiment of the
civilized world, and to overturn all the convic-
tions of the people of the South, in order to
establish among them the dogma that slavery, in
itself,is right, a moral,social, and political good.
He made the effort, and the result has been ac-
complished, while the nations have stood aghast
as they listened to this new gospel of bondage
proclaimed from the very temples of liberty.
Fearful sacrifices have been made in the course
of this revolution of opinion. It was a philo-
sophical necessity that its success should over-
throw the liberties of those who participated in
it; and, in accordance with that necessity, freedom'
of speech, freedom of tile press, and freedom of
elections, the very elements of civil liberty, were,
one after the other, given up. It was desirable, in
the second place, to imbue the southern mind with
theories of government by which treason might
be made honorable and rebellion cease to lie a
crime. The mischievous heresy of secession was
revived, and, after many years of denial and dis-
pute, adopted as a fundamental axiom in south-
ern politics.
To combine the elements of political power in
the slaveholdin;>-States was a more difficult task.
The genius, patriotism, and populaiity of Mr.
Clay, were, the chief obstacles to be overcome.
They were overcome in the presidential election
of 1844; and the first act in the drama of disunion
was accomplished by the annexation of Texas,
under the immediate auspices of Mr. Calhoun.
Additional strength was gained by the slavehold-
ing interest in the General Government, and a
vast territory acquired for the cxpected southern
confederacy. The war with Mexico for the ex-
tension of that territory to the Rio Grande, and
for still further acquisitions to the westward, was
the second act. It accomplished both purposes;
but the cxpected advantage to the slaveholding
interest in the regions beyond the Rio Grande was
frustrated by the genius of Clay and the firmness
of Taylor. Enough, however, had been accom-
plished to hasten the purposes of the disunionists.
They were to he found in both *.he political par-
ties of that day. The time had arrived for con-
centrating their energies. They chose the Dem-
ocratic party as their instrument; and between
1850 and 1852 the forcesof disunion were gathered
into that organization. In the latter year, the
total destruction of the Whig party was accom-
plished. It was necessary, further, to break up
the unity of the Democracy. There was one
statute which was, more than any other, dear
to the country. The Missouri compromise was
second only to the Constitution in the affections
of the people. A proposition for its repeal was
suggested. The disunionists eagerly seized upon
the project, and the outrage was consummated.
Thousands of Democrats m tin: free States left
their party ranks forever. A seeming indorse-
ment of the legislation of 1854 was obtained by
the union of the combined South with a few of
the border northern Stales, in the election of Mr.
Buchanan. But it had become evident that the
young and vigorous party which had sprung into
existence upon the repeal of the Missouri com-
promise—a party which combined all the bestele-
ments of the old political organizations of the
North, and would have speedily taken a power-
ful position at the South but for the despotism
which had destroyed all freedom of elections there
—would be likely to succeed in ItitiO. A made-up
case was smuggled into the Supreme Court, which
proceeded to expound the Constitution in a man-
ner that compelled every patriotic jurist in the
land to blush for very shame. Slavery was made
national by judicial construction; and that con-
struction was enforced in the Federal territory at
the pojjnt of the bayonet. The disunionists, mean-
while, had been busily at work. They had pre-
pared a scheme of sedition and revolt, to be car-
ried into effect in the event of the election of Colonel
Fremont. That event liavingfailed to occur, they
now took complete possession of President Buch-
anan. A wild saturnalia followed, unsurpassed
since the worst days of the worst emperors of
Rome. Treason lurked in every department of
the Government, and struck hands with grand
and petty larceny for the accomplishment of its
purposes. Everybody stole. Cabinet officers,
clerks, custom-house officials, postmasters, rav-
eled in theft. Even the restraints of the Spartan
law were not applied; for the criminals were never
punished upon detection, but danced gaily,off
with their spoil, to plot rebellion against the Gov-
ernment which they had first robbed and then
betrayed. Disunion was preparing for its con-
summation. The infamy of the Died Scott
decision had destroyed the confidence of tlie na-
tion in the Supreme Court. The infamy of the
Lecompton bill, and the boundless corruption
which was everywhere revealing itself, had de-
stroyed the confidence of the nation in the executive
administration. TheRepublican party had,from
the beginning, been mobbed and shot and stran-
gled out of the southern States. The same fate
must be got ready for the Union portion of the
Democratic party. The great political conven-
tions, to make nominations for the Presidency,
were coming on. That of the Democratic party
was to.be held in Charleston, the very hotbed of
treason. The leaders of disunion contrived to be
appoi n ted delegates to it. They demanded the adop-
tion of principles which no northern Democrat
could sanction without betraying his constitu-
ency, defiling his own conscience, and dishonor-
ing himself. As was expected and desired, the
convention was broken into fragments. The
Democrats who stood by the Union were driven
to nominate a candidate from the northern section
of the Republic, while the disunionists formed
themselves into a compact party, prepared to
sweep the Southern States Then followed a
political canvass such as the country had never
before witnessed. The action of the disunionists
in the convention had insured the success of the
Republican party. They had now four months
before them, in which, under the pretense of
opposing that result, they might inflame the pop-
ular mind up to the pitch of treason and dismem-
berment of the Union. No man in all the South,
with here and there an exception along the north-
ern borders, could open his lips in explanation
of Republican principles. No man could defend
them there without the certainty ofa violent death.
The disunionists thus had the field to themselves,
so far as the accomplishment of their immediate
purposes was concerned. The whole South was
inundated with one foul, reeking deluge of false-
hood. The objects, the principles, the very per-
sons of Republicans were libeled, day by day,
for four long months. Men who had sat in Con-
gress with the Republican candidate for Vice
President as fellow-Democrats, and who there-
fore knew the falsity of what they said, inflamed
the worst passions of the southern mob by the
assertion that Mr. Hamlin was a mulatto. "The
poison of asps was under their lips; their tongues
would set on fire the course of nature, and were
themselves set on fire of hell." The loyal men of
the South who perceived the tendency of events
stood aghast at what was occurring around them.
They could not deny these aspersions without be-
ing denounced as the apologistsofabolition. Tile
ignorant populace woadered, believed, were in-
flamed, and thus made fit for the designs of the
conspirators. The election took place, and re-
sulted as everybody knew itmust do. Forthwith
"the revolution was precipitated." While the
minds of men were thus heated by passion engen-
dered by misrepresentation, the issue was forced
upon them in the seceding States, with no time
allowed for reflection, and with an indecent haste
that demonstrates both the insincerity and the
incapacity of the managers.
What, now, are the objects of those who have
led this movement to its present condition ? I an-
swer: in part, the complete overthrow of demo-
cratic institutions, and the establishment of an
aristocratic, or even monarchical government.
The disciples of the Calhoun school have learned
to distrust the people, to liate universal suffrage,
and to believe in aristocracy. Among the leaders
of disunion may be found the victims of disap-
pointed ambition, who, in the reconstruction of
society, seek opportunities of personal advance-
ment; the bold and reckless, who look forward to
scenes of adventure; the broken in fortune, who
see the avenues to wealth opening to them; wild
theorists, who fancy that their schemes will be re-
alized; and martial spirits, who long for conquest
and military glory. Behind all these stands the
mob, just beginning to beconseiousof its strength,
and ready for any desperate enterprise. Loyal
