THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 27,
- ' • EXECUTIVE SESSION.
*Mr. COLLAMER; I now renew my motion
for an executive session.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of executive business;
and after some time spent therein, the doors were
reopened, and the Senate adjourned to meet to-
morrow at eleven o'clock. '
IN, SENATE.
' Wednesday, March 27,1861.
Prayer.by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Gurlev.
"T^e Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Several messages in writing were receivedTfrom
the President of the United States, by Mr. J. G.
Nicolay, his Secretary.
DISPATCHES OF MAJOR ANDERSON.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will present a communication from the President
of the United States, in answer to a resolution of
the Senate.
The message was read, as follows:
To the Senate of the United States :
I have received' a copy of a resolution of the Senate,
passed on the 25th instant, requesting me, if in my opinion
not incompatible with the public interest, to communicate
to the Senate the dispatchcs of Major Robert Anderson to
the- War Department, during the time he has been in com-
mand at Fort Sumter.
On examining the correspondence thus called for, I have,
with the highest respect to the Senate, come to the con-
clusion that, at the present moment, the publication of it
would be inexpedient.
ABRAHAM LINCOLN.
Washington, 26th March, 1861.
TROOPS IN THE SECEDED STATES.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I would inquire of
the Chair what would be regularly the first busi-
ness m order this morning ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will state that the first business regularly in order
is a resolution of the Senator from Virginia, [Mr:
Mason.]
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. My only object was
to know whether the resolution which i offered
yesterday was first before the Senate. As it is
not, I move to take it up.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to know
what it is.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Kentucky moves to take up a resolution,
which will be read for information.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Resolved, That the Senate recommend and advise the
removal of the United States troops lioui the liinita of the
confederate States.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I do not intend to
discuss it. I made all the observations yesterday
1 desired on the subject. I desire simply to take
the sense of the Senate as to whether it is the pur-
pose of this body to express any opinion on that
general subjcct before its adjournment. I suppose
that the vote on taking up the resolution wilt be
a test vote, as the Senate will probably not be in
session longer than to-day; and on the question
of taking; it up, I ask for the yeas and nays.
Mr. LESSENDEN. The Senator will observe
that there is nothing like a quorum here, and I
suggest whether it is not best to defer it.
Mr, BRECKINRIDGE. If I have a general
understanding that Senators will give me a vote
on the motion to take it up when a quorum comes
in, I shall not object.
Mr. FESSENDEN. f suppose there will be
no objection.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will take that to be the sense of the Senate. The
resolution will be regarded as before the Senate,
and will be laid aside for the time being.
EXECUTIVE SESSION,
Mr. HALE. I move that the Senate proceed
to the consideration of executive business.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of executive business;
and after some time spent therein, the doors were
reopened.
RECIPROCITY TREATY.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a report of the Secretary of the Treasury
in answer to a resolution of the Senate calling for
reports of James W. Taylor, in relation to the
operations of the reciprocity treaty; which was
ordered to lie on the table.
REGISTER OF DEBATES.
Mr. DIXON. I move to take up the resolu-
tion reported by me on Monday last, from the
Committee to Audit and Control the Contingent
Expenses of the Senate, in reference to the Annals
and Register of Debates of Congress. I have a fact
or two to state in regard to it. ,
Mr. POWELL. I ask the Senator to with-
draw his motion for a moment.
Mr. DIXON. I cannot. It will take but a very
short time to dispose of it.
Mr. BINGHAM. I hope that resolution will
not be taken up now. The Senate is very thin.
Mr. DIXON. I wish to make a very brief
statement in regard to it
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Connecticut moves to take up the following
resolution:
Ordered, That the Secretary of the Senate piocure from
the publishers, for the libmryof the Senate, twenty copies
of the Annals and Register of Debates of Congress, and pay
for the same out of the contingent fund of the Senate, at a
price not exceeding that heretofore paid for the same.
Mr. CLINGMAN. If the motion is debatable,
I wish to renew my objection to the icsolution.
I do not think we ought to spend $6,000 in this
way. I take it, and I may as •well say it, that
this is proposed, I suppose, for the benefit of the
publishers.
Mr. DIXON. If the Senator will allow me, 1
wish to make a statement in regard to it. The
Senator from New York [Mr. King] yesterday
inquired as to the number of these books already
on hand, subject to the demand and control of the
Senate. I was not then fully informed; but I have
since inquired about it. I stated there were about
six sets. I have since learned that there arc three
full sets and two imperfect sets, and that that is
the whole number of these books which arc wow
at the command of the Senate. It seems to me it
is a work that ought to be subject to our control,
and that this number of sets, twenty,numbers, is
not unreasonable. That is all I have to say.
Mr. KING. Are there not some of those books
in the Interior Department?
Mr. DIXON. There may be; I cannot tell. I
cannot tell how many are in print. There are
none there under our control.
Mr. COLLAMER. I wish to inquire whether
this resolution was ever referred to any commit-
tee ?
Mr. DIXON. It. was referred to, and reported
from, the Committee to Audit and Control the
Contingent Expenses of the Senate.
Mr. COLLAMER. Has it been reported upon ?
Mr. DIXON. I reported it myself.
Mr, BINGIIAM. I hope the Senate will not
take up this resolution for the present.
Mr. DIXON. I understand it is taken up.
Mr. BINGIIAM. No, sir; it is not. We are
to have a vote on taking it up.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on taking up the resolution.
Mr. DIXON. That may be considered a test
vote, I suppose.
Mr. BINGHAM. I have no objection to that.
The Senator from Maine, the chairman of the
Committee on Finance, [Mr. Fessenden,] is not
here. The Senate is very thin. The new Sena-
tor from Ohio, [Mr. Sherman,] who was for
many years chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means of the House of Representatives, who
was present yesterday and objected to this reso-
lution, is not now piesent.
Mr. DIXON. The Senator from Ohio stated
there was a sufficient supply already. That was
his objection; and I have now stated that there
are only three full sets.
Mr. BINGHAM. Well, Mr. President, the
Senator from Ohio [Mr. Sherman] told me yes-
terday that there were lying rotting in the Inte-
rior Department a large number of volumes of
these books, and that there was no necessity for
this increased number.
Mr. DIXON. Those are imperfect sets; broken
sets.
Mr. BINGHAM. They were bought by this
Government, and there is no use for them.
Mr. DIXON. They are not subjcct to our
control.
Mr. BINGHAM. This resolution is only an-
other plunder scheme to give $6,000 to the pub-
j| Ushers of these books. I object to it.
IS Mr. CLINGMAN. The Senator from Con-
necticut says that a great many of them are broken
sets. If he had investigated the matter, and had
let us know what yolumes were needed, there
might be some reason for completing them; but t
take it for granted it is like all these other book
jobs. The publishers want some more money
out of the Treasury,and they think this a conve-
nient time to get these $6,000. I hope the reso-
lution will not be taken up.
Mr. BRIGHT. We have not time to examine
the sets and ascertain whether we can make whole
sets out of imperfect sets. This resolution has
passed the ordeal of the Committee to Audit and
Control the Contingent Expenses of the Senate, of
which the Senator from Tennessee [Mr. Johnson}
was chairman, who examines all these things very
minutely; and I apprehend we can all very safely
agree to any report that committee may make.
They report twenty sets as being necessary to
mal^ perfect this chain of reports. I think we
had better take up the resolution 
Mr. CLINGMAN. I ask for the yeas anil
nays upon it.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. COLLAMER. I will inquire whether we
have not a law against the purchasing of books
except by an act of Congress?
Mr. DIXON. If the Senator will permit me,
I will state in reference to that law, that it pro-
vides that books shall not be purchased for the
use of individual Senators. These books are to
be purchased for the library of the Senate.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I understood the Senator
yesterday to say, (and he will correct me if I am
wrong,) that he wanted these twenty sets so that
Senators could take each a oopy to their rooms.
It is, therefore, merely evading the law. If we
needed a few in the Library, I would not object to
it, if he had specified a smaller number; but, as
we have several copies there, it will amount to
the very thing that that law was passed to prevent.
Mr. DIXON. Mr. President, I did state that
there ought to be, in the library of the Senate, a
sufficient number of a work of this kind to permit
Senators to take them for reference to their lodg-
ings, as they take the Statutes at Large, to be
returned.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I will ask the honorable
Senator whether there has not been, in fact, al-
ready distributed gratuitously to each Senator, a
cony of this work ?
Mr. POLK. There has not been.
Mr. DIXON. That, I believe, is not the case.
It has been some years since that was done; and
besides, those are not here in the city of Wash-
ington. They have been taken to the homes of
the Senators who received them.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 1G, nays 18; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Breckinridge, Bright,
Dixon, Douglas, Foot, Foster, Hale, Johnson, Mitchel,
Nesmith, Powell, Rice, Simmons, and Ton Byck—1G.
NAYS—Messrs. Bingham, Chandler, Clark, OHngman^
Collator, Cowan, Dooiittle, Ilarlan, Howe, King, Lane,
Morulf, Nicholson, folk, Sherman, Trumbull, Wade, ant!
Wilkinson—18.
So the Senate refused to take up the resolution.
TROOPS IN THE SECEI>B  STATES.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I move to take up
the resolution which I offered yesterday morning;
and upon that motion I ask for the yeas and nays.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The resolution
will be read for the information of the Senate.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Resolved, That the Senate recommend and1 advise the
removal of tho United States troops from the limits of the
conlVdeiate States.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I desire to state that,,
if this motion shall prevail, I will then accept the
substitute offered by %he Senator from North Car-
olina, [Mr. Cungman,] which is familiar to the
Senate. I consider the vote upon the motion to
take up as a test vote. If she sense of the Senate
be that they will express no opinion at all in re-
gard to the present condition of public affairs, I
take it for granted the vote will be against taking
up^this resolution. If they intend to express any
opinion, or give any advice to the Executive, I
take it for granted the vote will be in the affirma-
tive. Hence I have asked for the yeas and nays
on this motion, which I consider a test one.
Mr. RICE. Mr. President, I was ill favor of
the resolution as offered by the Senator from Ken-
tucky; but I think the resolution offered by the
