1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE!.
this piece of patch-work upon the sober fabric of
their construction?
I am told that it is only intended to prohibit
a future amendment of the Constitution, having
for its object any interference with slavery in the
States: and then I am asked, do you wish to in-
terfere with slavery in the States; ordo you wish
to amend the Constitution so as to accomplish
that result? I do not; neither do I intend to es-
tablish a national bank, or initiate direct taxation;
but I cannot see that it follows therefrom that 1
should amend the Constitution so as to forbid
such enactments. Is there no other subject of
concern in this Republic but slavery? Shall the
organic law be liable to change in its bearing upon
the great commercial, manufacturing, aud agri-
cultural interests, upon matters of peace and war,
upon the relations of Government to the people;
and yet we now erect slavery into the one great,
overshadowing principle, which we purpose to
declare, before God and man, shall be immutable
and eternal ? Slavery, which the fathers laid out
of sight as an unholy thing, we drag from its de-
cent concealment, and, placing it upon the pedi-
ment of the Constitution, take mutual oaths that
there it shall stand forever. In doing this, we
overthrow that equality of the States of which we
have heard so much; for we deny to a majority of
the members of the Union even the capacity of
suggesting amendments upon so sacred a subject.
£>ir> the Constitution of the United States needs
no changc in favor of slavery. 1 will stand by it
as itis; I will accord to every interest all its rights;
and I am amazed that the very parties who have
been toudest in their lip-devotion to the funda-
mental law, should be the very first to demand
its radical alteration. The existence in the south-
ern States of groundless fears, engendered by will-
ful falsehood, is no reason for a change in the
Constitution. Every precedent of change is dan-
gerous; doubly dangerous when occurring in times
of high political excitement, or amid the turmoil
of civil commotion, oroffered toappease the wrath
of armed rebels against all government and all
social order. 1 shall not vote for the amendment.
^ The next proposition is " An act for the admis-
sion of New Mexico into the United States of
America." When the preparation of this bill
was first suggested in the committee, some weeks
ago, I assented to it. When the bill itself was
reported to the committee, I withheld my assent.
Nearly every southern gentleman had repudiated
it, and we were assured that, instead of being a
measure of peace, it would add to the existing
irritation. 1 am therefore left to decide whether,
as an act of ordinary legislation, it ought to re-
ceive my support. 1 have, until very recently,
believed that a fair convention of the people of
that Territory would frame a constitution pro-
hibiting the existence of slavery within the future
State. But the report of the chairman of the
committee proceeds entirely upon the supposition
that New Mexico is of course to be a slave State;
and his remarkable speech in the House, the
other day, is of the same tenor. An extract from
his report will exhibit my meaning:
"This Territory was organized in 1850. By its organic
law the Territorial Legislature was authorized to enact iaws
and report them to Congress. Ii was provided id the same
act that if Congress should disapprove the laws thus made
they should be null and void.
"hi the year 1859 the Territoiial Legislature of New
Mexico establi-hed slavery in thai Territory. Tins law was
disapproved at the last session of Congress by a vote of the
House, but the Senate have not yet acted on the bill, and
so the law of the Territory, not having been annulled by
both Houses of Congress, remains in fail force, and slavery
now exists by law in New Mexico.
" It is further provided by the act of 1850 that New Mex-
ico, when she is admitted into the Union, shall be admitted
with or without slavery, as her constitution may ordain.
The committee now piopose to admit New Mexico into the
Union as a State orr an equal footing with the original
States. By this course the faith of the nation pledged in
the act of 1850 will be preserved, and the Teiritory lying
south of the paiallel of 36° 30' will be disposed of, and the
subject-inattei of controversy removed from the jurisdiction
of the Federal Government. Thus all claimed by the South
will be obtained, while the northern portion of our remain-
ing Territory will be subject to such law as the Constitution
and Congress mav furnish for its government.
" By this adjustment of the present temtoi y of the Union,
including tiie territory of aJi the States, it will be found that
the area of the free States and Territories, including all
north of the line 38° 30', contains 1,648.779 square miles,
and a population of 19,036.739, making a population of about
eleven and five tenths to the square mile.
" The area of the slaveholding States, including New
Mexico, is 1,094,504 square nnies. with a fedeial population
of about nine and seven tenths to the square mile. By this
arrangement of all the territory now possessed by the Uni-
ted States, when New Mexico is admitted, if admitted as a
slave St ite, that possessed by the slaveholding States will
be greater, in proportion to federal population, than that
occupied by the non-slaveholding States and Territories.
The committee are at a loss to conceive what more than
this, can be demanded or desired by the South."
The import of this language is unmistakable,
and it indicates purposes which are wholly foreign
to my settled convictions of duty. Mr. Speaker,
we acquired this territory from Mexico. That
Republic, feeble and distracted though she was,
had yet had the wisdom to prohibit the existence
of bondage throughout all her possessions. It
would be a great wrong and an undying disgrace
for the Government of the United States, either
by conquest or by purchase, to obtain free terri-
tory to be carved into slave States. The people
intended, by the recent election, to be secure
against the accomplishment'of such a purpose.
The mode in which this measure is presented to
us, seems calculated to frustrate that intention. It
is true that 110 one, in voting for the bill, votes for
the report; but the report, nevertheless, is justly
received fay the country as explaining the bill and
foreshadowing its results. If those results should
fail of accomplishment; if the constitutional con-
vention should, after all, prohibit the existence
of slavery, may not the South, with some reason,
say that your scheme of conciliation was a juggle
and a cheat, and fan the fires of revolution into a
still wider flame?
The objections to the bill, as a measure of or-
dinary legislation, are insuperable. I learn from
very high authority that the*people of New Mex-
ico do not wish its passage; that they are a sparse
population, scattered over an immense area, five
times as large as the State of New York; that
they are separated from communication with each
other by waterless deserts and vast mountain
ranges; that they are poor, and unable to bear
the expense of a State government; and that they
prefer, for the present, to remain under the fos-
tering care of the Federal power. I learn, more-
over, that the population of American origin does
not amount to a thousand in numbers; that of the
remainder there are but three or four thousand
freemen of unmixed Spanish descent, while the
residue is made up of peons and Indians of more
or less mixed blood. To compel such a people,
so situated, to form a constitution and come into
the Union, would be eminently unwise. I shall
vote against the bill.
The committee have reported an amendmentto
the present law for the rpndition of fugitives from
service. The President, in his message, had em-
phatically condemned the statutes known as per-
sonal liberty bills, and had even declared that,
without their repeal, " no human power could
save the Union." It was very plain that the Pres-
ident had never read the laws of which he was
speaking; but, so far as my own State is con-
cerned, 1 have always been willing to repeal the
particular statute alluded to, whenever the Fed-
eral Government should take away the evil which
that statute was wisely enacted to guard against.
I am happy to say that the bill reported by the
committee will, in my judgment, accomplish that
purpose. The act of 1850 was peculiarly liable
to abuse of process of the worst description, even
that whereby a freeman might be deprived of his
liberty; against th is evil a portion of the free States
have legislated in the manner complained of. The
present amendment, though not so perfect as I
could have wished, does yet contain such pro-
visions as to create a moral impossibility that any
freeman can be reduced to bondage under its op-
eration. The question is not, however, whether
I would vote for it as an original proposition, but
whether I will consent to the amelioration, so far,
of the existing law. I shall cheerfully give it my
support, and upon its passage by Congress, will
join in the recommendation to the people of my
State for the repeal of a statute whose longer con-
tinuance will have become unnecessary.
The committee has reported one other measure
of specific legislation. It is as follows:
" Be it enacted by the. Senate and House of Representativei
of the United States of Jhnerica in Congress assembled, That
eveiy person charged, by indictment or other satisfactory
evidence, in any State, with tiea&on, felony, 01 other crime,
committed within the juusdiction of such State, who shall
flee or shall have fled from justice and be found in another
State, shall, on the demand of the executive authority of
the State from which he fled upon the district judge of the
United States of the district in which he may be found, be
arrested and brought befoie such judge, who, on being sat-
isfied that lie is the person charged. an({ that he was within
the jurisdiction of stfeb State at the time sucli crime was
committed, of which such charge shall be prima facie evi-
dence, shall deliver him up to be removed to the State hav-
ing jurisdiction of the erime '> and if any question of law
shall arise during such examination, it may be taken on
exceptions by writ of error to the circuit court."
There is no action of the committee which I
more deeply regret than the report of this bill. I
«gard it as an attempt at flagrant usurpation by
the'Fefleral Government of powers that properly
belong only to the States. By -the theory of our
system, the highest duty of the State authority is
to protect the person of the citizen. The bill
before the House strikes down the very capacity
to perform that duty. Its legal effect is to sus-
pend the writ of habeas corpus frsm the State ju-
diciary in all cases of requisition for the surrender
of alleged criminals; and to wrench from the State
executive functions which have been exercised
thereby for sixty-four years, in order to devolve
those functions upon a Federal judge appointed
by the President of the United States, and hold-
ing office for life. I believe its practical opera-
tion will be disastrous; for instead of the trifling
differences which now exist between certain Gov-
ernors, it tends to collision between the Federal
and State authorities, which ought, if possible, to
be carefully avoided.
Nor do I approve the object of the bill. It has
been very generalty held by the Governors, that
no surrender should be made upon a requisition
for the commission of an act which was not a
crime by the laws of the State on whose execu-
tive the requisition was made. 1 believe that de-
cision to be right. It is expected to reverse it by
the judgment of the Federal courts as now consti-
tuted. The object for which the reversal is sought
is, mainly, that requisitions upon indictments for
what are called offenses against slave property,
and for the publication of Such printed matter as
the laws of certain States may denominate incen-
diary, shall be made effective by the surrender,
through the Federal judges, of the persons ac-
cused. Indictments have been found against cit-
izens who had never been in the jurisdiction where
the crime was alleged to have been committed at
all; the only presence therein being such as was
derived, by construction, from the mailing by the
accused of a newspaper in the State of New York
to a friend or subscriber south of Mason and
Dixon's line; and the bill, as far as possible,
sanctions this infamous practice, by providing
that the mere finding of the indictment shall be
prima facie evidence before the Federal judge of
the presence of the accused at the place where the
crime is alleged to have been committed. Every
man shall be presumed to be innocent till his guilt
is proved, is the maxim of the common law; the
bill reverses it squarely. I have nothing to say
of the laws which the citizens of the slaveholding
States may choose to make for the preservation
of their system of society; but I must protest
against the practical extension of those laws all
over the Republic, through the intervention of the
Federal courts.
Mr. Speaker, I have now stated very fully the
course which I intend to pursue regarding the
propositions submitted by the chairman of the
committee. It remains for me to consider what
ought to be done for the preservation of the Re-
public. It is a question involving, at this hour,
terrible responsibilities. Good men, brave men,
wise men,may well hesitate and doubt. But, sir,
there is a principle which will guide us safely in
the darkest hour. It is simply to do right. The
one great revelation of history, which, above all
others, exhibits its awful presence amid the
changes of rising and of falling nations, is, that
God governs in the affairs of men, and that the
people who deliberately trample upon His eternal
law cannot prosper. Itis because I have learned
this, that I dare not make another compromise,
with slavery. And why should we compromise?
The people have elected a President of signal in-
tegrity, and holding just and constitutional opin-
ions. Forthwith armed rebellion springs up all
along the Gulf, and with saber brandished in our
faces, and bayonet pointed at our breasts, demands
compromise." Other States, catching thcinfection,
threaten to join the insurgent ranks unless we
compromise. Compromise what, sir? Not a pe-
tition for redress of grievances has been laid upon
our tabic, but the soft appliances that are brought
to bear upon this great Government are drilled
troops and loaded cannon
