1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Senator from North Carolina, as a substitute—
which the Senator from Kentucky says lie i^vill-
ing to accept—is one that goes a little too far. I
do not know what right we have to express an
opinion to the President of the United States in
regard to the collection of the revenue.
Mr. COLLAMER. I desire to ask, as a ques-
tion of order, whether this motion is debatable ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore, Not upon the
merits of the original proposition. Suggestions
in reference to the propriety or impropriety, the
expediency or inexpediency, of taking it up, are
admissible.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. If the Senator from
Minnesota will allow me to make a single remark,
I will say this: if the resolution I offered, and
which he favors, should be taken up, it will then
be for the Senate to say whether they will accept,
in lieu of it, the substitute offered by the Senator
from North Carolina; hence, whatever may be
his opinions as to the relative merits of the reso-
lutions, I take it for granted he will vote affirma-
tively upon taking up the resolution.
Mr. WADE. Mr. President, I hope this reso-
lution will be taken up, and I hope we shall have
a square vote upon it. 1 am ready to give it such
a vote at all times, or at any time. I hope we shall
indicate, not what the President will do, for that
I know nothing- about, but what we think he
ought to do; and upon that I am ready to give my
opinion now, or at any other time. I do not pro-
fess to know what his policy will be, but I do
profess to know what it ought to be; and there-
fore I am willing, at any time, to indicate it.
Mr. RICE. The Senator from Ohio has not
disappointed me. I have always found him to be
an honest,brave, open man. I expected as much
on this occasion, and I shall always expect it from
him. But the point which 1 wished to make was
this: the President of the United States is, by the
Constitution, commander-in-chief of the Army
and the Navy. He can, of his own volition,
issue such orders as he pleases in regard to those
branches of the public service. But, in regard to
the collection of the revenue, I deem it improper
for the Senate, or for myself, rather, as one of the
Senators, to advise him when he is directed by
law to do ceitain things. While lam in favor of
the lesolution offered by the Senator from Ken-
tucky, I cannot vote for it, and I regret that he
should have indicated that he would accept the
modification of the Senator from North Carolina.
Mr. CLINGMAN. If the Senator will allow
me, I b«g leave to say this: I am in favor of the
original proposition of the Senator from Ken-
tucky; but I want to go a little further. However,
I shall not ask the Senator from Kentucky to ac-
cept mine, if it will weaken his. I will simply
offer it as a substitute, because 1 believe we ought
to express an opinion on both points. 1 agree
with the Senator from Illinois, [Air. Douglas,]
and others, that the President has no power,
under existing laws, to collect revenue in the se-
ceded States, and therefore I am clearly of the
opinion that he ought to abstain from the attempt.
Entertaining that opinion, I am ready to express
it. I shall, however, very cheeifully vote to ad-
vise him to simply withdraw the troops. But I
am disposed to go further; and I think it right
and proper for the Senate to express the opinion
that he ought not to attempt to collect the revenue,
simply because he has no power, in my judgment,
under the existing law, even if there were no other
reasons. The same purpose that induces me to
vote for the one branch induces me to vote for the
other, to avoid collision.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will feel obliged to restrict debate on the motion
to take up the resolution simply to reasons for
or against taking it up.
Mr. RICE. Mr. President, I do not think it
proper for the Senate to express an opinion ad-
visory to the Executive in regard to existmglaws.
It is a matter for him to determine, whether he
can or whether he will execute the laws or not;
and I think we are traveling far out of our way
to advise him. But there is one point about which
I wish to ask the Senator from Kentucky a ques-
tion—on which I must confess my ignorance—and
that is, whether his resolution extends to the
islands south of the Floridas—Key West and the
Tortugas? because I shall never vote for with-
drawing troops from those points.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I will answer the
question of the Senator from Minnesota. This
is a resolution of advice to the President under
existing circumstances, to withdraw the troops
from the limits of those States. I suppose, in its
terms, it would embrace the troops that are sta-
tioned at Tortugas and Key West, because those
points are within the State of Florida. If, how-
ever, any Senator chooses to movean amendment,
in the present condition of our public difficulties,
excluding from the operation of the resolution the
troops at those two points, it will be a matter for
grave and respectful consideration. The forts at
those places are far removed from the main land,
although they are within the limits of one of the
States; and therefore would perhaps be embraced
by the phraseology of my resolution. I do not
consider it essential to the preservation of the pub-
he peace at this time that the troops should be
withdiawn from Tortugas and Key West; and,
rather than hazard the passage, by the Senate, of
such a resolution as I have offered, I would be
willing to see those points excepted from the scope
of the resolution. At the same time, sir, I must
add this: I dislike to do so, however, bccau.se I
still entertain hopes of a reunion of all the States;
but if there should ultimately, unfortunately, be
a permanent separation of this Confederacy, 1 take
it that all the troops must be withdrawn from all
the points within the limits of those States and
such other States as might unite with them. I
trust that all the States maybe reunited upon the
true principles of the old Constitution; but, if
another result should occur, I should be unwilling
to see established upon this continent the prin-
ciple which Great Britain has established at vari-
ous points of the world; and if a permanent and
ultimate separation should unfortunately occur
between the States, I should not insist upon hold-
ing any point within the limits of any of those
confederate States, as Great Britain holds Gibral-
ter and other strategic points m important parts
of the world.
I believe I have made my meaning sufficiently
clear. For the present, if it is any objection to
the passage of this resolution, we may except the
forts at Tortugas and Key West, although they
are within the limits of the confederate States,
because they offer no points of immediate collis-
ion, and do notendanger bloodshed. If we shall
be able to reunite all the States, no question will
arise concerning them. If, unfortunately, we shall
fail in that effort, then the question will arise,
whether, in case this Government shall recognize
the independence of those States as a separate con-
federacy, it will continue to hold strategic points
within their limits upon the same principle that
Great Britain retains possession of important naval
and military points within the dominions of other
Powers of the world. That I do not propose to
discuss at this time; and I do not desire any ques-
tion connected with the forts at Tortugas and Key
West to embarrass the object I have in view,
which is the withdrawal of the troops from such
points withm the confederate States as for the
present endanger the peace of the Republic.
Mr, ItlCE. The Senator having answered the
question which I asked him, I should like to'know
if it would be in order for me now to offer an
amendment to except Key West and Tortugas ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The resolu-
tion is not yet before the Senate. The question
is on taking it up for consideration.
Mr. RICE. Very well. Then I have a word
to say upon it. Mr. President, I am in favor of
peace. If the seceded States are determined to
remain out, I am in favor of their going m peace.
I would go further than this: I would give them
the forts and arsenals within their limits. If they
ask more, I would divide the Navy with them.
If they wanted more than that, I would release
them from the public debt. I would even give
them more than that—anything for peace; but
they are not in possession of Key West or of
Tortugas, and they never will be. Those two
points are needed by us, not by them. The com-
merce of the country has an interest in those two
points, and the commerce of the country belongs
to the North, and ever will belong there, and the
North will always hold those two points. I would
not give up those places. No, sir; I would not
give them up under any circumstances whatever.
When it shall be in order to do so, if no other
Senator does it, I shall move to except those two
points, and I shall then vote for the resolution.
Mr. CLARK. * I hope this resolution will not
be taken up. We are coming near the close of
the session, and it is evident from remarks,on the
other side, if it is taken up, it is to be followed
by various amendments, and a debate is to be
opened and no one can tell Mihere. it will stop*'
The Senator from Kentucky says he is willing to
accept the vote on taking up the resolution ae a
test question. I am willing to give him ray vote
as a test; and I hope we may take the vote be-
cause it is not now open to general debate, and
we shall be interminably lost in a debate if we
take up the resolution.
Mr. SIMMONS. I think this is rather ajate
hour to go into a debate about what the policy of
the Administration shall be. i am perfectly will-
ing that Senators on the other side, especially
those who had some reasonable expectation of
occupying the place that the President now does,
should enter largely into this debate and indicate
their purposes as to what they would have done
had they been elected. 1 think they have enjoyed
about a fortnight to the very great gratification of
the country; and now, at this late day, if there is
any one of them who desires to offer any resolu-
tions, they can have them printed, but I do not
believe it is politic for us to wait here and debate
this matter when we are all desirous of getting
home. I certainly should not be willing, as little
interest as my State has in the commerce of this
country and the revenue of this country, to per-
mit a resolution of this kind to pass without spy-
ing a word or two. But I think the public is
pretty well advised now of what would have been
the policy of the different candidates for the Pres-
idency, provided they had succeeded, and I sup-
pose that is the principal purpose in offering these
resolutions; and I take it that there is no necessity
for anybody on this side to vindicate the Admin-
istration. They have indicated no particular plan
except a peaceful policy. I hope we shall not open
this debate. It seems to be an endless discussion.
Mr. TEN EYCK. Mr. President, I should be
opposed to taking up this resolution at either a
late or an early hour of the session, at any time
during the whole three months that we have been
here, if the circumstances had been the same. I
do not profess to be very profound in the Consti-
tution; but I feel disposed, as a member of this
body, to confine my action as near as I can to the
performance of my constitutional duties; and I
have seen nowhere any provision in the Consti-
tution of the United States which would justify,
or call upon us, or give us, the least right to ad-
vise the President of the United States upon this
subject. I am a little old-fashioned in my notions,
and I believe in keeping distinct the three depart-
ments of this Government. I know the President
of the United States may call upon us to advise
and consent in respect to certain measures which
he may propose to us, but I am not aware that it
is either our duty or that it would be prudent for
us to volunteer our advice to him under existing
circumstances. I shall be prepared to vote fairly
and squarely with the Senator from Ohio on the
resolution if it comes up; but I am not disposed
to proffer my advice to the President, because I
consider it none of my business or duty to make
any such proffer.
Mr. COLLAMER. It seems to me nothing
but ordinary fairness among gentlemen to take a
proposition, as it comes from a Senator, in the
terms in which he makes it. Now, I understand
from the gentleman from Kentucky who offers this
resolution that he desires the vote upon takingii
up to be a test vote. What does that mean ? It
is, if I understand it, that if you vote to take it
up, you will vote for it when it is pp. If it does
not mean that, I do not know what a t^t vote
does mean. 1 suppose the gentleman means that
exactly. He will take it as a test vote—that is to
say, " just as you vote on the question of taking
up, I expect you will vote on the resolution."
That is the way in which the question is presented
to us. Now, I take it, every man who will vote
for this resolution will vote to take it up; and if
a Senator will not vote for the resolution, he will
vote not to take it up; otherwise, he will not
meet the gentleman's proposition fairly. That
is all there is in the question before us. I prefer
not to take it up.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I shall vote to take up
the resolution, and I shall not permit myself to
be put in any such position as the Senator from
