554
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 25,
The venerable Senator from Rhode Island re-
marked in his place the other day: '« I am afraid to
compromise, lest I demoralize the Government."
I share in that fear. Suppose we yield; sacrifice
the moral convictions of the North, and the re-
volted States return to their allegiance: the tariff
bill of the gentleman from Vermont is taken from
the table of the Senate and passed; forthwith
the hosts of sedition are rallied, secession again
raises its hideous front, and amid the clangor of
arms sounding from the Gulf, the industrial inter-
ests of the nation are immolated upon the altars
of treason. Will Pennsylvania stand halting and
trembling then? After peace has been restored by
the new surrender, the homestead bill is rcached
upon the Calendar of the Senate, guns roar from
Fort Moultrie, bayonets bristle at Pensacola, bat-
teries ai*e planted on the banks of the Mississippi,
and amid shouts of " compromise" the Govern-
ment yields once more, and the free emigrant of
every section is sacrificed to the plantation. On
which side will the Northwest be then?
A compromise now is but the establishment of
sedition as an elementary principle in our system.
Let the slaveholding States renounce their mis-
chievous heresy of secession; let them return to
their allegiance;lctthem propose, as the only use-
ful amendment to the Constitution, an express
provision therein that no State shall withdraw
from the Union without the consent of all its mem-
bers; let them then make known, in the respect-
ful manner due to every Government, what arc
their desires; and I have no doubt that ample secu-
rity will be given for all their rights and even in-
terests. But so long as open rebellion on the one
hand, and threatened rebellion on the other, are
the means of redress relied on, there is no course
left for the Government but the vindication of its
dignity byan exhibition ofitsstrength. Sir, there
never was so wicked a rebellion since the angels
revolted as that which now threatens to devastate
this fair land. A country such as God never be-
fore gave to any people; a Constitution the envy
and the admiration of the world; a freedom com-
bined in such just measure with civil order as no
other nation was ever blessed withal; a past full
of glorious recollections; a present wherein plenty
is pouring her richest bounty into the lap of peace;
a future glowing with immortal hopes: these, all
these, arc to be thrown away, and the hell-fires of
civil war to be kindled up, that a Toombs may
be lord of the ascendant in Georgia, or a Rhett
realize his visions of ambition in South Carolina.
Others may do as they choose; I, for one, dare not
compound with a treason so full of unnatiual
guilt.
Mr. NELSON obtained the floor,butyieldcdto
Mr. QUARLES, who moved that the House
adjourn.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope we shall not adjourn.
There are several gentlemen who are prepared to
speak this evening.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Before the motion
to adjourn is put, I desiie to hay that f have an
amendment which X propose, at the proper time,
to offer to the first section of the proposed amend-
ment to the fugitive slave law. I ask that it be
printed.
No objection being made, the proposed amend-
ment was ordered to be printed.
Mr. Q.UARLES. I suppose it is not intended
to limit this debate, and all gentlemen will have
an opportunity to speak. I insist upon my mo-
tion.
Mr. NELSON. I have no prepared speech,
and I am willing to yield the floor to any one who
desires it, provided 1 can have the floor after him.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Does the gentle-
man withdraw his motion to adiourn?
Mr. QUARLES. I do.
t Mr. MAYNARD. I do not understand my
colleague to withdraw the motion to adjourn, ex-
cept upon the terms suggested by my colleague,
[Mr. Nelson,] who has been assigned the floor.
His statement was, that inasmuch as he had pre-
pared no speech, as he understood other gentle-
men had, he would resign the floor for the time
being in favor of such gentlemen, he being al-
lowed to speak to-morrow.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair would
not feel at liberty to enter into any express ar-
rangement.
Mr. MAYNARD. It can be done by unani-
mous consent.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. I insist that the
gentleman from Tennessee shall proceed now; or
if he yields the floor, he shall yield it uncondi-
tionally.
Mr. ClUARLES. Then I renew my motion to
adjourn, if there can be no understanding.
Mr. MAYNARD called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were refused.
The motion to adjourn wan not agreed to.
Mr. NELSON resumed the floor and com-
menced his remarks, but was interrupted imme-
diately by
Mr. CuRTIS, who moved that the House
adjourn.  
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly (at twenty minutes to
five o'clock, p. m.) adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Friday, January 25, 1861.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Gurley.
The Journal of yesterday was readand approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a report of the Secretary of War, submitting,
in obedience to law, plans and an estimate for
completing the public buildings at Fort Aber-
crombie; which was referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs and Militia.
HOUSE BILL REFERRED.
The joint resolution from the House of Repre-
sentatives (No. 48) in relation to mail service in
Washington Territory, was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. BIGLER presented a petition of citizens
of Lehigh county, Pennsylvania, praying the
adoption of the compromise measures proposed
by lion. Mr. Crittenden; which was ordered to
lie on the table.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
Wayne county, Pennsylvania, praying the adop-
tion of the compromise measures proposed by
Hon. Mr. Crittenden; which was ordered to lie
on the table.
Mr. PEARCE presented the memorial of Lieu-
tenant J. M. Gilhs, superintendent of the naval
astronomical expedition, praying that the account-
ing officers of the Treasury may be directed to
allow him the pay for that office, established by
the act approved March 3, 1851; which was
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. POLK. Mr. President, 1 wish to present
a memorial from citizens of St. Louis, who rep-
resent that they believe the adjustment of the dif-
ficulties of the country might be made upon the
basis of the Crittenden resolutions, and praying
that those resolutions may pass. I will state that
this petition and its signatures occupy some ninety-
eight or one hundred sheets of foolscap. To the
petition are appended a large number of names;
as many, I think, as were signed to the petition I
presented a few days ago, which, I am told, con-
tained upwards of seventy-seven hundred names.
The petition was laid on the table.
Mr. POLK. While I am up, I also wish to
present a petition of like import, signed by citi-
zens of the city and comity of St. Charles, in the
State of Missouri. On this petition I see the
names of a great many Germans.
The petition was ordered to lie on the table.
DAVID V. 'WHITING.
Mr. GREEN. The Committee on Territories
have had before them a bill for the relief of Da-
vid V. Whiting, and they unanimously recom-
mend the passage of the bill, and instruct me to
request the Senate to put it on its passage now.
No objection was made; and the bill (H. R. No.
377) for the relief of David V. Whiting was read a
second time, and considered as in Committee ofthe
Whole. It proposes to direct that the Secretary
of the Treasury shall pay to David Y. Whiting,
$3,040 for his services as translator for the territo-
rial government of New Mexico, from March 28,
1851, to September 21, 1852, out of any moneys
remaining unexpended of the sums appropriated
by Congress for the incidental expenses of the
Legislative Assembly of that Territory; if there
should be no surplus of such moneys, then the j
amount is to be paid out of any moneys in the Uni-
ted States Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
Mr. GRIMES. I should like to hear the re-
port in that case, if there is one accompanying it.
Mr. GREEN. I will make a brief statement,
which will be equal to a report. Mr. Whiting
was appointed by the Governor, the Legislature
having passed a law creating the office of trans-
lator. It is necessary to have a translator there;
and the price paid is $500 a year less than is now
being paid under the law. As he was appointed
three months before a law was passed, it is neces-
sary, according to Mr. Whittlesey's report, that
Congress pass a law for the payment of this money.
Mr. GRIMES. How long did he serve ?
Mr. GREEN. Eighteen months.
Mr. GRIMES. Three thousand dollars for
eighteen months?
Mr. GREEN. At the rate of $2,000 a year.
The bill was reported to the Senate,ordered to
a third reading, read the third time, and passed
JEREMIAH PENDERGAST.
On motion of Mr. LATHAM, it was
Ordctcd, That the Sccietary of the Senate be directed to
furnish to Jeremiah Pendergas-t certified copies of his papers
on the files of the Senate.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. HEMPHILL, it was
Ordered, That the memorial and the petition of citizcjis
of Texn*, in relation to the erection of a light-house and
light-ve«sel in and near Galveston harbor, on the files of the
Senate, be referred to the Committee on Commerce.
ADJOURNMENT TO MONDAY.
On motion of Mr. SLIDELL , it was
Ordered, That when the Senate* adjourns to-day it be to
meet on Monday next.
SURVEYOR GENERAL OF WASHINGTON.
Mr. BRIGHT. I offer the following resolu-
tion, and ask for its consideration now:
Resolved, That the Committee on Public f,nrtd<? he in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of restoiing the
salaiy of the surveyor general of Washington Territory,
reduced by the act of March 3,1833, '•aid restoration to take
effect Iiom the 1st July, 1855, and to report by bill or other-
wise.
I wish to call the attention of the chairman of
the Committee on Public Lands to this resolu-
tion. There was a reduction of the salary of the
surveyor general of Washington Territory made
some four years since, by an amendment offered
by the Senator from Arkansas, and so construed
as to reduce the salary of the surveyor general
when it was not intended. The Senator from
Arkansas recollects the case, 1 believe.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Is it matter
that is reported here?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is a resolu-
tion of inquiry.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I ask that it
be read again. I did not hear it.
The Secretary again rend the resolution.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I can give no
answer in regard to it now, or as to the propriety
of any step in relation to it.
Mr. BRIGHT. I do not ask any answer
now, but simply that the committee investigate
the matter.
The resolution was agreed to.
GEORGE II. GIDDINGS.
Mr. WIGFALL. I wish to call up a joint
resolution which the Post Office Committee re-
ported a few days ago. It is House joint resolu-
tion No. 62, for the benefit of George H.Giddings.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to hear it
read, that I may know what it is.
The Secretary read thejoint resolution, with the
amendment of the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not know that I have
any objection to the passage of this joint resolu-
tion. i do not know anything about it; but I
would suggest that, as to-day has been assigned
for the consideration of private bills, whether it
is not proper and right that we should take them
in their order, and not call them up in this way
out of their placc. Let every person having a
private claim on the Calendar have a fair chance.
Mr. GREEN. Let me suggest to the Sena-
tor from Illinois, that this is not on the Calendar
at all.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It ought to be,
Mr. WIGFALL. This is a joint resolution
that was passed by the House of Representatives
