1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
555
aud referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads of the Senate, and by that com-
mittee reported back some two or three days ago,
with a recommendation that it be adopted.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then, of course, it is on
the Calendar. If it is not on the Calendar, it is
amuch later case than a great many others. There
are a great many private claims here which were
reported upon favorably some time ago, but upon
which we have never acted; and I ask the Senator
from Texas if he thinks it is quite fair thus to
take recent cases out of their place to the preju-
dice of those that have been long ready for con-
sideration?
Mr. WIGPALL. If it gives rise to debate, I
withdraw it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I suppose this case must
be on the Calendar. I have not looked at the Cal-
endar to ascertain; and, indeed, I know nothing
about the case ^ I am making 110 opposition to
it on its merits ftout, injustice to other claimants,
I insist that we ought to proceed with the Calen-
dar in order. I think that is fair to all claimants.
Mr. GWIN. We cannot get to the Calendar
until one o'clock.
Mr. HEMPHILL. The Senator from Cali-
fornia says we cannot get to the Calendar until
one o'clock. We are now in the morning hour,
which is often devoted in part to such business.
It is not usual to object to the consideration of
such a joint resolution in the morning hour, and
I do not see any reason why this resolution should
be made an exception.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is on the Calendar, and
I object to making an exception, as this day has
been assigned to private bills. I understand it is
on the Calendar.
Mr. HEMPHILL. But it can be discussed in
the morning hour, and then the Calendar will
come up.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If we commence the call-
ing up of private cases in the morning hour, I sup-
pose every Senator will try to get the floor to have
his particular case taken up.
Mr. WIGFALL. Is there anything else to be
done in the morning hour? If there is anything
that it stands in the way of 
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let me inquire if it would
be in order to move to proceed to the considera-
tion of the Private Calendar at this hour? If it
would, I make that motion, that we proceed to
the consideration of the Private Calendar.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The opinion of
the Chair is, that no motion of that kind can take
precedence of a motion to take up this joint res-
olution until one o'clock.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I object to this mode of
proceeding. I have had bills on the Private Cal-
endar during the session which I had a desire to
bring up, but I refrained from doing so because 1
thought it should take its course; and other gen-
tlemen have done the same.
Mr. WIGFALL. I withdraw my motion.
PRIVATE CALENDAR.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I renew my motion, un-
less there be other morning business, that we
proceed at once to the consideration of the Private
Calendar.
Mr. LANE. I believe the unfinished business,
or the business that has precedence, if I rccollcct
aright, is the bill reported from the Committee on
Military Affairs the other morning, for the relief
of Dr. McCormick.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is on the Private
Calendar.
Mr. LANE. It was being considered when the
hour for the special order arrived some days ago,
and it was passed over. If taken up now, it can
be disposed of before one o'clock. I think it will
not take five minutes. The committee were unan-
imous in the opinion that the bill ought to pass.
They directed it to be reported with a recom-
mendation that it do pass; and I trust there will
be no objection to its being taken up, for it can be
passed in two minutes; and then we can proceed
with the Calendar.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I suppose the bill referred
to by the Senator from Oregon is 011 the Calendar,
and we shall reach it in its order. I know noth-
ing of the bill.
Mr. LANE. How are we to get at the Private
Calendar before one o'clock?
Mr. HALE. The Senate can take it up
Mr. TRUMBULL. I insistaon my motion,
that we proceed at once to the consideration of the
Private Calendar.
Mr. LANE. If the Senate choose to take up
the Private Calendar now, I will withdraw my
motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Oregon can insist on his motion, if it is his
pleasure so to do. The bill he refers to is unfin-
ished business of the morning hour; but as he
withdraws that motion, the question now before
the Senate is, "Shall the Private Calendar be
taken up at this time?"
The motion was agreed to.
ROBERT STOCKTON.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Fitch in
the chair.) The Chair will state to the Senate
that there are sundry bills and joint resolutions
upon the table which have had their third read-
ing, and the question now is upon their passage.
The first is the joint resolution (H. R. No. 39)
directing the accounting officers of the Treasury
to settle the accounts of the late Robert Stockton,
quartermaster, &c. On the 19th of June, 1860, it
was read the third time, and postponed. The
question now is upon its passage.
The joint resolution directs the proper account-
ing officers of the Treasury Department to settle
the accounts of the late Robert Stockton, of New
Jersey, an assistant quartermaster and forage-
master in the war of the Revolution, and pay to
his legal heirs and representatives such sum as
may be shown due upon sufficient proof of his
service as quartermaster, and for damages done
his property by the American Army.
Mr. TEN EYCIC. At the last session of Con-
gress that resolution was amended by the Seriate,
striking out an allowance for certain property that
had been destroyed, which the heirs of this officer
claimed to be satisfied for. The resolution was
put upon its final passage thus amended, simply
providing for the settlement of the accounts of
this officer. It seems that very recently, among
his papers in the garret of his former residence,
there were some accounts found showing, as the
committee that reported the bill supposed, some
few thousand dollars, perhaps not exceeding
three or four thousand dollars, due to him from
the Government. The claim was not presented
in consequence of these papers never having been
discovered by his family until a late period. The
resolution, as I said, was put upon its final pas-
sage; and it was discovered upon the call of the
yeas and nays that there was not a quorum pres-
ent; butof the Senators voting for that resolution
a large majority were in favor of its passage, and
it would have passed had there been a quorum
present. The Senator from New York [Mr.
King] interposed some objections to the resolu-
tion, and upon his motion it was amended; and
I then understood his objections were waived.
Mr. KING. I remember the case as it was
presented last year; and in its present shape I
certainly think the resolution ought to pass. The
amendments were adopted, I think.
Mr. TEN EYCK. Yes, sir
The joint resolution was passed
JOHN ERICCSON.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill (S.
No. 132) from the Court of Claims, for the relief
of John Ericcson, was, on the 4th of May, 1860,
read the third time, and the question now is upon
its passage.
Mr. HALE. This bill has been heretofore
before the Senate, and the papers in the case are
very voluminous. I hold them in my hand. I
examined them once, and I was satisfied that the
bill ought not to pass; and I submitted my views
to the Senate, and the honorable Senator from
Louisiana [Mr. Slidell] also had something to
say upon it; and upon that the matter was post-
poned. I am perfectly satisfied the bill ought not
to pass, and I wish it to go over until I can have
time to examine the papers. I move to postpone
its consideration.
The motion was agreed to.
0. II. BERKYJIAN.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill (S.
No. 905) from the Court of Claims, for the relief
of 0. H. Beiryman and others, was, on the 4th
of May, 1860, read the third time, and the ques-
tion now is on its passage.
It directs the Secretary of the Treasury £0 pay
to Otway H. Berrytrian, and the other officers and
crew of the United States schooner Onkahye,
$20,664 69, being the balance of the prize-money
obtained by the capture of the bark Laurens by
that schooner in 1848; the money to be distrib-
uted among the officers and crew m such propor-
tion as shall be designated by the Secretary of the
Navy, according to the provisions of the sixth
section of the act of April 23, 1800, entitled " An
act for the government of the Navy of the United
States.
Mr. SLIDELL. Let us hear the report in that
case.
The Secretary. On the 1st of February, 1838,
Mr. Polk made the following adverse report 
Mr. POLK. There is an adverse report in that
case. Is that the last report ?
Mr. GRIMES. I move that the bill be post-
poned indefinitely.
Mr. POLK. If that adverse report is the last
report, I think the best way is to concur In it.
Mr. GRIMES. Any way to get rid of it. I
do not want to hear that long report read.
Mr. POLK. I will say to Senators that I rec-
ollect investigating the claim two or three years
ago, when I was upon the Committee on Claims;
and I was satisfied that it was one which Congress
ought not to pass. I move, therefore, that the
bill be indefinitely postponed; or perhaps it would
be better to concur in the adverse report.
Mr. HALE. That -would be better.
Mr. POLK. Then I move that the adverse
report be concurred in.
Mr. IVERSON. I will suggest to the Senator
that perhaps this report of the committee may not
be the report to which he refers. There is an
impression on my mind that the Committee on
Claims, since the Senator from Missouri was a
member of the committee, have probably made
a favorable report; and if that report be concurred
in, of course the bill will be passed, and the Sen-
ator will not accomplish his object.
Mr. POLK. I will state that I asked if that
was the last report; and I understood it was.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There was no
response to the Senator's inquiry from the Clerk's
desk. The Chair, however, understands that the
report which the Clerk was about to read is the
last report. The question is on the motion of the
Senator from Missouri, to concur in the report of
the Committee on Claims.
Mr. HALE. Before that question is taken, I
wish that the conclusion to which the committee
came may be read by the Secretary. I do not
ask that the whole report be read.
The Secretary read, as follows:
" The committee, after a careful consideration of the case,
concm hniwtantially in the opinion delivered by Mr. Jus-
tice Blackford, that the claimants have no rifrtiL against the
Government, and tiioy recommend that the bill for the re-
lief of O. II. l.erryman and others do not pass. The opinion
of Judge Iliac kfoid is hereto annexed as partof this report."
Mr. HALE. Then the question will be," Shall
the bill pass?"
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That is the
question, unless there be some special motion.
Mr. HALE. Let it be put.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the passage of the bill.
The bill was rejected.
SAMURTi V. NILES.
Tfi€ PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill (S.
No. 94) for the relief of Samuel V. Niles was, on
the 4th of May, 1860, read the third time; and
the question now is on its passage.
The Secretary read the bill, which directs the
Secretary of the Treasury to cause to be paid to
Samuel V. Niles $360, for services as a temporary
clerk in the General Land Office in 1849 and 1850.
Mr. KING. Is there a report in that case?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I see by the Calendar that
that bill was postponed.
The Secretary read the report; from which it
appears that the claim is for ninety days' services
as a clerk in the General Land Office, from March
9, 1849, to June 30, 1850, being the number of
Sundays between those periods, at four dollars
per diem, amounting to §360. Mr. Niles appears
to have been appointed a temporary clerk in the
General Land Office on the 9th of March, 1849,
under the provisions of the act of August 26,1842,
which provides that " 110 extra clerk, for copy-
ing, shall receive more than three dollars per day,
