556
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 25,
or for any other service more than four dollars
per day, for the time actually and necessarily
employed." Under this provision, as appears
from a letter of the late Commissioner Wilson, the
accounting officers rejected the per diem for Sun-
days. This construction of the law, the Commis-
sioner thinks, is entirely erroneous. By the act
of March 3, 1849, the Commissioner of the Gen-
eral Land Office was "authorized to continue
three temporary clerks during the recess of Con-
fress, until the patents for bounty lands should
e issued, the clerks to be paid out of the contin-
gent fund." On the 8th of March, 1849, the day
preceding the appointment of Mr. Niles, three
clerks were appointed, in accordance with that
provision, at the same rate of pay, (namely, four
dollars per day,) and to perform like duties as
those performed by Niles. These three clerks,
as is stated, received the per diem for Sundays.
Judge Young, then Commissioner, and who made
all the appointments referred to, says: "The
facts, as to the services of Mr. Niles, are correctly
set forth. I-appointed him a clerk in the Land
Office, at the time stated, at the same rate of com-
pensation promised to Messrs. Whitney, Brega,
and Lucas, and fully intended that no distinction
should be made between them, and that he should
receive the same emoluments, in every particu-
lar, granted them, including the Su nday per diem."
The ground of distinction taken by the Comp-
troller seems to have been, that the three clerks
named were appointed under the special provis-
ions of the act of 1849, which relieved them from
the operation of the act of 1842, and that the Com-
missioner had promised them the Sunday per
diem.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is, "Shall the bill pass?"
The question being put, there were twelve
votes in the affirmative, and several Senators said,
" Give it up."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill does
not pass.
Mr. IVERSON. I understood that the other
side gave it up.
Mr. HALE. No, no; you gave it up.
Mr. IVERSON. I believe the Senator from
Rhode Island [Mr. Simmons] reported the bill.
He is not in the Chamber at present; and I sug-
gest, out of consideration to him, that it be not
decided now.
Mr. KING. The proper disposition has been
made of it.
Mr. GREEN. The twelve who voted did not
give it up.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I hope, by common con-
sent, the bill will He over until the Senator from
Rhode Island comes in. ["Oh, no!"] Then I
will make a motion to reconsider.
Mr. HALE. You voted with the minority.
Mr. SL1DELL. I move to reconsider.
Mr. HALE. I voted with the majority; and
if Mr. Simmons wants it reconsidered when he
comes in, I shall make the motion.
Mr. SLIDELL. I move the reconsideration
now. ,
Mr. HALE. Let us vote on it at once. J
Mr. HUNTER. 1 desire the motion to recon-
sider to be entered. I
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It wil? be
entered.
JOHN II. WHEELER.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill (S.
No. 270) for the relief of John H.Wheeler, which
on the 4th of May last was read the third time,
the question now being on its passage. It pro-
poses to direct the Secretary of the Treasury to
pay to John H. "Wheeler, late minister resident
of the United States at Nicaragua, $5,715 20, in
full for losses by exchange; for property destroyed
at Granada; expenses incurred m taking testi-
mony at San Juan del Norte; and for relief ex-
tended to distressed American citizens crossing
the Isthmus during the interval between October,
1854, and October, 1856.
Mr. KING Is there a report in that case?
Mr.MASON. Tliereisareportaccompanying
the bill, which can be read if any Senator asks it.
I reported the bill myself.
The Secretary read the report; from which it
appears that a party of American citizens, while
crossing the Isthmus, en route from California to
New York, were attacked by the natives at Virgin
Bay, on the Lake of Nicaragua, on the 19th of
October, 1855, some of whom were killed, and
others wounded and robbed, while at the same
time another party of hostile natives, strongly
armed, were collected at San Carlos,on the other
side of the lake. Thus hemmed in by hostile
forces on both sides, and cut off from access to
either ocean, they applied to the memorialist, then
minister resident of the United States at that place,
for protection and relief, which was promptly af-
forded; comfortable quarters procured and food
supplied them (two hundred and fifty in number)
for twodaysand nights. Itfurtherappears,that
under instructions from the Department of State,
dated October 23,1854, the memorialist was re-
quired to aid Joseph W. Fabens, Esq.,a commis-
sioner appointed for that purpose, m collecting
information and taking testimony at San Juan,
-(Greytown,) in relation to the conduct of the per-
sons who assumed political control over San Juan
del Norte, and also wi tli regard to the claim s against
our Government on account of property destroyed
by the late bombardment of that place by Captain
Hollins, of the United States Navy; that in the
performance of this service he was engaged for
more than two months, away from his proper res-
idence, and necessarily subjected to great incon-
venience and additional expenses, amounting to
the sum of $273 98.
In the fall of 1856, by recall from the Depart-
ment of State, Mr. Wheeler returned to the Uni-
ted States, as was then supposed, on a temporary
visit." On that occasion, he left at the legation
personal property to the value of over two thou-
sand dollars; this property was destroyed by the
allied forces of Guatemala, Honduras, San Sal-
vador, Costa Rica, and a part of Nicaragua. On
his departure for Central America, he was in-
structed by the Department of State to draw upon
London for his salary and the contingent expenses
of the legation, and for that purpose a credit was
opened for him with Messrs. Baring Brothers.
On his arrival in Nicaragua, it was found imprac-
ticable to negotiate drafts on London; he had,
therefore, to make an agent here, who drew on
London, ami for a time deposited in New York
or Washington; in Nicaragua these drafts could
only be negotiated at the reduced value of the cur-
rency of the country, in which the peso, or dol-
lar, was worth only eighty cents for each real dol-
lar drawn for. The amount of his drafts, from
October, 1854, to October, 1856, was $14,706;
and consequently the loss incurred by him was
$2,941 20. These statements are supported by
testimony filed with the memorial, and may be
summed up thus: 1. Reimbursement for amount
expended in the maintenance and protection of
distressed American citizens crossing the Isth-
mus, $500; 2. Amount of expenses incurred while
taking testimony at San Juan del Norte, $273 98;
3. Valueof property destroyed atGranada, $2,000;
4. Loss in exchanges, $2,941 20; total, $5,715 18.
Mr. MASON. The testimony accompanying
the report, 1 suppose, need not be read, unless
some gentleman desires it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Then, the ques-
tion will be on tlie passage of the bill.
Mr. MASON. The testimony is there; and 1
suppose the testimony which satisfied the com-
mittee would satisfy the Senate. Any Senator
can call for the reading of it, if he wishes to hear
it read.
Mr. HALE. Will not the Senator from Vir-
ginia be kind enough to state the principle of pub-
lic law upon which we arc to pay for the property
the minister left there during his absence? I un-
derstand, by the report, there was $2,000 worth
of property destroyed by the revolutionary gov-
ernment during his absence.
Mr. CLINGMAN. If the Senator will allow
me, I will make a statement. I know that Mr.
Wheeler came here. I saw the correspondence,
for I once had occasion to investigate this claim
in the other House as chairman of the Committee
on Foreign Aifairs; and I was cognizant of it pre-
viously. He was called here byletterforconsult-
ation with the State Department. After he camo
here, and had been here for some time, (there were
matters going on that were supposed to require
his presence,) they suddenly concluded to recall
him. He had no more idea of being recalled, at
the time he came here, than I have of being re-
called from the Senate to-day. He left his prop-
erty in that condition, and after being here some
two, three, four, or five months, perhaps, Mr.
Marcy and President Pierce concluded that he
might be withdrawn, that the existing condition
of the country did not require his return; and he
was recalled in that way; and in the mean time his
property left there was destroyed. 1 know that
fact; and I may say further that I think the claim
is well founded. It was investigated by a com-
mittee in the other House, and the committee
were unanimously of the opinion that it ought to
pass. I was then a member of the committee.
Mr. HALE. I am not answered. It is not
stated whether the property was destroyed by the
Government, by a revolution, or by a mob; and I
wish to know if it is within the principle of public
law laid down by the authorities.
Mr. MASON. Iam not aware of any prin-
ciple of public law by that technical name, under
which this claim, as a demand, would be paid;
but the committee places it oi^the principle of
public justice and public right. TThe facts stated
in the report show that this minister, under the
guarantee which always belongs to a minister in
a foreign country, and which he carries from his
own Government, that he will be protected in his
right of person and property while he is abroad
as their minister, left his property in Nicaragua,
and the revolutionary forces in Nicaragua—I do
not know whether I should call them revolution-
ary forces—but the Government of Nicaragua, in
union with the public authorities of the adjacent
Central American States, in putting down Walker,
committed this depredation on the property of
the minister, destroyed his house, and burned his
property. Now, the principle upon which the
committee allowed it was, that it was incumbent
upon the United States always to provide for the
safety of the persons and property of their min-
isters abroad,bya reclamation,if it is destroyed,
upon the Government that makes it; not a recla-
mation by the minister, but a reclamation made
by the Government. Undertheseconsiderations,
the committee thought, if there was no written
public law which would authorize it, it was a
principle and duty resulting fiom the relations
subsisting between the minister and the Govern-
ment.
Mr. HALE. I have looked over this report
somewhat hastily. I do not see any evidence in
the report of that loss at all.
Mr. MASON. The evidence was before the
committee; and I presume it will be found in the
report I have not seen the report since it was
made.
Mr. HALE. I have looked over it, and have
not seen it.
Mr. M ASON. The evidence is there, I can as-
sure the Senator, in the form of proof taken in the
town of Granada, where the depredation was com-
mitted. I have not seen the report since it was
made, which was at the last session. I can only
vouch for its accuracy now from knowing that it
was carefully made. Here is a statement of Mr.
R. J. Darden made under oath, and a certificate of
John Granger, recorder of the land office, that
Mr. Darden is a man of truth.
Mr. HALE. What does he say ?
Mr. MASON. He says this:
"On the attack of the allied foires of Guatemala, San
Salvador,and Honduras,on thecityof Granada, on the Hth
October, 1856, the plunder, burning of houses, and murder
ofall Americana was proclaimed. Many fell victims; among
them two preachers of the Gospel, a young eln.d of Mr.
Smith of New York, Mr. Lawless, a merchant, and others.
The legation house, over which the American flag waved,
where the wives of Americans had fled for safety, was
assaulted. The house, being strongly barricaded, resisted
the attack, while a severe, active, and destructive fire from
a few of tile Nicaraguan army was veiy fatal to the assail-
ants. .Had they succeeded in effecting an entrance, no age,
sex, or condition could have escaped. The door was per-
forated with balls, and the fiag riddled by their shots. Col-
onel Wheeler, though prostrated by sickness, was enabled
to preserve quier among his numerous guests, and discoun-
tenanced every offensive effort, except in self-preservation.
On Jus leaving Granada, his house was destroyed, all his
furniture, stores, and library were burnt up, enta'ihng a loss
of more than two thousand dollars to the knowledge of tliia
affiant.
The health of Colonel Wheeler, by the diseases of this
climate and exposure of his position, completely failed, and
I was compelled to accompany him home."
This is not the whole of the evidence in the
case.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is: " Shall the bill pass ? "
Mr. HALE. I am not willing that it shall. I
do not want to interpose any factious opposition
