1861,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
o'clock this evening, it will accomplish the pur-
pose. [,c Oh, no!"]
Mr. IlICE. Nobody will be here then.
Mr. HALE. Wei!, 1 shall not insist upon it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will ask if, by common
consent, wo cannot agree to meet at an eai'ier
time to-monow. That might accommodate many
gentlemen who can stay, and then go off on the
three o'clock tram. Let us meet to-morrow at
eleven o'clock, instead of one.
Mr. HALE. I object.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 move that the Senate
au'journ.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. POWELL. I move that the message of
the President of the United States, m response to
the resolution I offered the other day, asking for
the correspondence and dispatches of Major An-
derson, duung the time he has been tn command
at Fort Sumter, be printed.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foster
in the chair ) There is a question already pending
before the Senate. The Chair can entertain no
motion, except for the purpose of procuring a
quorum. That relates to the transaction of busi-
ness.
Mr. POWELL. I suppose it can be done by
unanimous consent.
Mr. TRUMBULL. We can do wo business,
as there is no quorum present.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. There is now a quo-
rum in ilie Chamber
[Mr. Bayard appeared in the Chamber.]
Mr. DOUGLAS. Here comes the quorum.
[Laughter.]
Mr. POWELL. I now move that the message
of the President in response to the resolution ask-
ing for the correspondence with Major Anderson,
as commander at Fort Sumter, be printed.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chaircan
receive lite motion only by unanimous conscnt,
there being other motions pending, and no quorum
present.
Mr. POWELL. I imagine it will not take a
minute.
Mr. SIMMON'S. 1 move that the Senate pro-
ceed lo the consideration of executive business.
Mr. POWELL. I believe I have the floor.
Mr. SIMMONS. You were not on the floor.
I suppose I can make that motion any time you
are not on the floor.
Mr. POWELL. I understand there is no ob-
jection to my motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is moved
that the message of the President of the United
States, alluded to by the Senator from Kentucky,
be printed.
Mr. HALE. "I lise to a question of order. Is
it in order for the Senate, after ascertaining that
there is no quorum present, to do any business
of that sort ?
Mr. POWELL. There is a quorum now pres-
ent. Tw<% Senators have since come in.
Mr. HALE. If that is ascertained, I shall have
no objection.
Mr. SIMMONS. Mr. President, am I enti-
tled to the floor?
The PRES1DING0FFICER. The Chair rec-
ognizes the Senator from Rhode Island.
Mr. SIMMON'S. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of executive business.
Mr. POWELL. I have not yielded the floor.
Mr. SIMMONS. Is the Senator going to hold
on to it forever?
Mr. HALE. I rise to a question of order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
will state his point of order.
Mr. HALE. The point of order is, that it is
not m the power of the Senate to entertain any
motion except to adjourn, or to compel the at-
tendance of absent members, after it has been as-
certained that there is no quorum here.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. If the Senator from
New Hampshire will allow me, on the last vote
that was taken we lacked but one of a quotum.
No Senator has since left the Chamber, and one
or two Senators have come in. We have now a
quorum present, as can be verified by the Chair, 1
if it be desired. Now, I desire to know what busi- '
ness is before the Senate. The question upon !
taking up the resolution I had the honor to offer :
was the business before the Senate when the mo- |
tion was made to go into executive session. That \
motion was negatived. Hence, the question now !
before the Senate is upon taking up that resolu-
tion, upon which I ask the vote.
Mr. SIMMONS. I believe the motion to go
| into executive session is always in order.
' Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. .Very well. It was
voted down; and, having been voted down, the
original question recurs.
Mr. SIMMOJNS, That was some timd ago.
Mr. JOHNSON. Amotion to go into exec-
utive session, I suppose,is in order. A majority
can go into executive session, and I suppose we
can have a vote on that, and an announcement of
the result.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. As there is no
quorum voting, no result can be announced, ex-
cept that there is no quorum voting, giving the
number.
Mr. DIXON, I suppose a motion to go into
executive session is in order.
Mr. BRIGHT. Ther e is a question pending
before the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
to go into executive session, in the judgment of
the Chair, is still the question before the Senate,
no quorum having: voted upon it.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. If there is a quorum
present, let us vote upon it.
Mr. DOUGLAS. 1 rise to a question of order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Illinois will state his point of order.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I understand the vote was
being taken by yeas and nays on the ad journment,
and the result of that vote was—10 yeas and 23
nays; disclosing the fact that it lacked one of a
quorum. Since that time, a Senator'has come in,
which makes a quorum; and the first thing in
order is to call his name, let the quorum appear,
and announce the result. The Senator stands at
the desk, and is ready to answer to his name.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. If the Senator from
Illinois wiil allow me, I will correct him upon that
point. Less than a quorum may refuse to adjourn.
Mr. P>RIG1IT. And did refuse.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. And did refuse to
adjourn. Hence that question cannot arise on
that motion.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The result was announced.
Mr. DOUGLAS. If the result was announced,
1 was not aware of it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It was an-
nounced—10 in the affirmative and 23 in the nega-
tive; and of couise the motion was lost. That
motion was disposed of.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Timt answers my objection.
Now a quorum is present; and therefore the Sen-
ator's motion is in order.
Mr. CLARK. What is the question now be-
fore the Senate?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chairun-
derstood the Senator from Tennessee to move to
go into executive session.
Mr. CLARK. Is that question pending?
ThcPRESIDlNGOFFICER. Thatis the ques-
tion now before the Senate.
Mr. HALE. 1 must insist upon my point of
01 Tile PRESIDING OFFICER. Will theSi*n-
afnr from New Hampshire repeat 3ns point of
order r $
Mr. HALE. There is no quorum present.
Mr. BRIGHT. That can be ascertained by a
count, or by the motion to go into executive ses-
sion .
Mr. HALE. Let that bp ascertained.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will entertain the motion, deeming that as rapid
a mode of ascertaining whether there is a quorum
present as any other. The question is on the
motion to proceed to the consideration of execu-
tive business.
Mr. CLARK. On that motion I ask for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 19, nays 14; as follows:
YEAri—Missis Anthony, Clark, Cowan, Dixon, Doo-
littlo. Font. Foster, Hale, Ihiilan, Howe, Johnson. King,
Lane, Moinll, Rice, Sherman, Simmons, Ten Evek, and j
\\ llmo*—19. |
NAYS—Iiavard, I3rcckimid?e, Brijrlit. Chandler, j
Clineman, Douglas, Mitchel, Ne^mitii, Nicholson, Polk, ;
Powell, Trumbull, Wade, and Wilkinson—l-i. j
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is no ;
quorum voting. ii
Mr. DOOL1TTLE. I move that the Senate j
adjourn. Il
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I ask fortheye&s-and
nays on that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The Secretary proceeded to call the-xoll.
Mr. CLINGMAN, (after first voting in the
negative,) said: I desire to change my;vofer. I
find, on looking at the list, that there are eight
Senators who have been here to-day, all of them
Republicans, who have now gone away, and who
do not choose to stay and vote with US; 'and
therefore I shall vote to adjourn.
The result was announced—yeas 15, nays 16;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Clark, Clingman, Cowan, Dixtm, Boa-
little, Foot, Foster, Hale, Howe, Johnson, King, Lane,
Morrill. Simmons, and Trumbull—15.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, lJreckinridee. Bright, Chan-
dler, Pouslas, Harlan, Mitchel, Nesmith, Nicholson, Polk,
Powell, K'ice, Sherman, Ten Eyck, Wade, and Wilson—
16.
So the Senate refused to adjourn; no quorum
voting.
Mr. CLARK. I now renew my motion, that
the Sergeant-at-Arms be directed to request the at-
tendance of the absent members of the Senate who
are in the city. There are some seven or eight
Republicans who would attend on the suggestion
that they were wanted to make a quorum.
Mr. BRIGHT. We do not want to stay here
until that is done.
Mr. CLARK. We might just as well wait for
that as anything else. We cannot get away.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is moved
that the Sergeant-at-Arms be directed to request
the members of the Senate now in the city, who
are absent, to attend.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Would it lie in order to
amend that motion, to request them to attend at
seven o'clock?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
thinks not, unless some order to adjourn the
Senate, or take a recess until that hour, was made.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I desire to state that
there is now, and has been all day, a quorum in
the building. There are Senators in the commit-
tee-rooms who would come, if sent for, to make
a quorum; and I will suggest to the Senator from
Illinois that if we adjourn now, under the present
order of the Senate, we adjourn until one o'clock
to-morrow. Several Senators are obliged to go
away to-morrow. I suggest to him, therefore,
that if we adjourn, vveadjourn until eleven o'clock
instead of one, because Senators who must go in
the afternoon, can be here at eleven o'clock, and
participate in the public business for several
hours.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should have no ob-
jection to adjourning until eleven o'clock to-mor-
row. I was with the Senator from Kentucky to
take up his resolution, and vote upon it; and I
was sorry to see this attempt to defeat that ques-
tion by making motions 
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. If the Senator will
allow me, I have given up all expectation of
having any vote on that resolution; and I am now
acting upon the most patriotic considerations and
the most liberal, of votins upon nominations that
may be sent in by the President, for purely ex-
ecutive business. I have no expectation of any
vote on that resolution at all, and my proposition
to adjourn until eleven o'clock was for the benefit
of the Republican party only.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I shall have no objection
to adjourning until eleven o'clock to-morrow; but
I was sorry to see a disposition manifested to
shirk a vote on the resolution offered by the Sen-
ator, and these motions that were made, as I
thought, with some little feeling by some persons,
to go into executive session and get rid of the reso-
lution of the Senator from Kentucky. I did not
like the appearance of it. I think we have lost an
hour or two by that sort of motions. We have
reduced ourselves beluw a quorum. Gentlemen
who were making these motions to go into execu-
tive session,'and calling the yeas and nays upon
them, have since left the Chamber. Now, I think
we shall have a quorum to-morrow. Seven or
eight Senators, I understand, are in the city who
are not here to-day; and it may be well to adjourn,
perhaps, until to-morrow at eleven o'clock. I
have no objection to that; but I think it perfect
folly, a waste of time, and a punishment of our-
selves, to sit here and send out the Sergeant-at-
