558
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 25,
ously the duty of Government to protect its public officers
engaged in its service in the full and unrestrained enjoy-
ment of aij their personal and property rights, at least
against all acts of public t'oice, while ho engaged; and on
failure to do so, to make good any losses he may have sus-
tained."
The Senator asks if there is any principle of
public law which devolves upon this Government
the duty of that payment. X suppose he means,
by public law, the law of nations. Well, the law
of nations is no written law at all. There are no
statutes passed by nations to regulate tb«ir inter-
course. The law of nations consists of nothing
but the usages that have grown up between na-
tions in their international intercourse, which, by
comity, from the intercourse among civilized na-
tions, is called law. The position of a foreign
minister in the Government to which he is ac-
credited is a position recognized by the public law,
or law of nations, and lus privileges and immu-
nities, which are very great, are accorded to him
by this public law, as it is called; but the relations
winch subsist between him and his Government
ore not regulated by public law at all. I doubt
not that the public law and the municipal law of
the nation to which the minister is accredited, if
it is a civilized nation and capable of making its
authority respected, would remunerate any min-
ister who had his property destroyed, or his per-
son injured, by a force greater than the Govern-
ment could overcome—far more if he had incurred
those losses by any act of the Government, in a
revolutionary or insurgent condition, to which he
was accredited. But the relations between him-
self and his own Government are not regulated
by any public law; and the committee did not put
it upon that ground; but the committee placed it
upon the ground of policy and public justice, as
a duty winch, in their judgment, devolved upon
the Government sending a minister abroad, and
subjecting him to the incidents that pertain to a
foreign residence when he is under the immediate
protection of his Government. The committee
considered that there is a duty devolving upon the
Government to protect their minister; first, be-
cause he is a public functionary; and secondly,
because that public functionary is sent by the act
of the Government, under the protection of the
Government, and subjected to the perils of his
mission. My own judgment is very clear, that
when it is shown that he sustained these losses by
insurrection, or by Government power, or by a
revolution which the Government was not able to
quell, although this Government would have a
reclamation against the offending Government,
yet the duty devolves immediately on this Gov-
ernment to make the loss good. That was the
belief of the committee when they reported the
bill.
Then, as to the next item—the claim for the loss
of exchange; there is a report made by the ac-
counting officer, Murray McCotinell, the Fifth
Auditor, which places it upon its true ground.
The Fifth Auditor states what is the universal
practice of the Government; never doubted, tlmt
1 know of. The Government engages to pay the
minister his salary in the country to which he is
sent; that is to say, the salary of this minister
probably was $7,000—1 do not remember its
amount, but the law provided the salary—and the
Government undertook, of course, to pay him
that $7,000 a year in the country where he was.
Mr. HALE. Understand, I do not object to
that.
Mr. MASON. Other Senators^ I think, did
object.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from Vir-
ginia will allow me to ask him a question right
there. Why the necessity of coming to Congress,
if that is the practice of the Department ?
Mr. MASON. 1 will show the Senator, from
thereportofthe Auditor, the necessity for it. That
has been the uniform practice of the Government,
never departed from. The Government thus un-
dertook to pay this gentleman's salary—say $7,000
—in Nicaragua. The Auditor, in speaking of why
it was not allowed, says that—
"The Government was bound to pay Mr. Wheeler in
Nicaragua, one hundmt cents to the dollar, United States
com, but as tlie Government sent no money to Nicawua to
pay Ms salary and expenses, he was forced to sell his drafts
there, and take such money and at such price as he could
get. If he had refused to take eight United States dimes
to the dollar, lie would have been forced to take a Nwu-
raguan dollar, which would only have been ttforth seventy-
si* cents; and thus his loss would have been twenty-four
cents to tite ijollar."
The Auditor goes on to say:
"Mr. Wheeler Was authorized to draw upon £ Baring
Brothers,' of London, for his salary, and, of course, to get
his money, he was forced to sell his drafts in Nicaragua for
the highest price he could get. Those drafts were nomi-
nally worth par in that country, and were not selling at a
discount; but to enable him to sell iiis drafts at par, he was
forced to take the currency of that country also at par.
This currency was composed of two kinds : one kind was
a coin passing currently in Nicaragua calleiadollar, which
contained thiity-tliree per cent, alloy and sixty-seven per
cent, of pure silver, compared with the United States coin ;
and consequently a dollar of that currency was only worth,
commercially, seventy-six cents. The olhw currency ot'
that country consisted of United States ten cent pieces,
eight of which was of greater intrinsic value than a local
dollar of that country; and thus, by common consent, eight
United States dimes passed for a dollar. It appeared that
Mr. Wheeler sold his ihafts at par; but to do so, was forced
to and did take eight dimes, or eighty cents United States
coin, for each dollar of his drafts, thus losing, upon each
dollar drawn for, twenty cents."
The Auditor goes on to say, admitting the duty
of the Government to pay a hundred cents for
each dollar of the minister's salary in Nicaragua,
when he was allowed to draw on Baring Brothers,
if he sold his drafts at par, as he did, but was
obliged to take in payment the local currency,
which was only seventy-six cents in the dollar,
if he took the dollar of Nicaragua, or eighty cents
in the dollar if he'took the United States dimes,
he was forced to do so; and the Government hav-
ing failed to send money there, the Auditor says
that, according to the usage of the Department,
they treated that as a loss of exchange, and where
he sold his drafts upon London, they allowed it.
But it is further shown in the report that, during
the first year, "the drafts of Mr. Wheeler were
drawn on Messrs. Baring Brothers, of London;
and subsequently, by instructions of the State
Department, the place of payment was made at
the Treasury Department; and then Mr. Wheeler
drew upon the United States,"and he suffered no
loss of exchange; but he suffered exactly the loss
which he had suffered when he diew upon Lon-
don, to wit: that he was obliged to take eighty
cents on the dollar. The Auditor, however, upon
thfe strict technicalities of his office, says thus he
was allowed twenty per cent, loss of exchange on
all his drafts sold in that country, (Nicaragua,)
but on all his drafts drawn and sold on the^Uni-
ted States he was not allowed any loss. It re-
sulted the same way to Mr. Wheeler, that he lost
twenty cents on the dollar, not as exchange, but
because of the condition of the currency of the
country to which he was accredited, and the fail-
ure of the United States to do what the United
States always undertake to do—to pay the money
to the minister in the country to which he is
accredited.
I will not detain the Senate longer; and I trust,
the motion being to strike out the payment for
the loss of his property, that the report of the
committee will be sustained as to the duty of the
United States to make that loss good. The
United States can reclaim it again, if they think
proper, from the Government of Nicaragua
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on reconsidering the vote by which the bill was
ordered to a third reading.
The question being put, there were, on a di-
vision—ayes 16, noes 14; no quorum voting.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think there is a quorum
here, and I hope we shall have a recount, as many
Senators did not vote. The motion is only to
reconsider for the purpose of offering an amend-
ment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Another count
is called for, and the Chair will again put the
question.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to ayes
19, noes 17.
Mr. HALE. Now I move to amend by striking
out the item of $2,000 for loss of property; and I
will state, in about a minute and a half, the reason
why I do it. I agree entirely with the Senator
from Virginia, that the Government are bound to
protect their ministers, and bound to protect their
property; but 1 go further than tlmt, and say
they are equally bound to protect every citizen
that js there on lawful business, just exactly as
much as they are the minister; and if you sanc-
tion this principle ot paying for the property of a
minister destroyed by a mob or an army, I say
it is utteily impossible to put your linger on any
ground that will deter you from making the same
compensation to a citizen when he is there pur-
suing lawful commerce. The Government are
bound to protect them alike; and I think this will
be introducing a novel principle, and it is for that
reason that 1 move to strike tt out. I am willing
that the rest shall be paid; and if, at any subse-
quent time, it can be shown that there is any prin-
ciple of public law sanctioning it 
Mr. FESSENDEN. There is, and there is a
distinction.
Mr. HALE. I wish Senators would show
wherein I am wrong.
Mr. FESSENDENi I merely say this: if we
send a man abroad, and accredit him to a for-
eign Government, he is our agent, on our business,
and maintains a very peculiar relation to us; and
I think we are bound to see that he'is protected
in all his rights as our agent. I do not know in
regard to this particular case; and I am only speak-
ing of the distinction in point of principle. If, on
the contrary, one of our citizens goes abroad upon
his own business, and establishes himself, he
takes, I suppose, common luck with other people
who are about him, and can expect no better than
they have. He volun&rily subjects himself to
foreign laws, and he is no better off than a citizen
ot the place where he is; not more particularly
entitled to our protection, if he chooses to put him-
self outside of it. I have never agreed to that; but
with regai d to-our minister, I think he stands on
an entirely different footing. How far, under the
obligations of national law, we are compelled to
sustain him because he is our minister, is a dif-
ferent question; but I think there is a manifest
difference between the two cases.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from New
Hampshire, to strike out, in lines eight and nine,
the words " for property destroyed at Granada."
Mr. TRUMBULL. Will it not be necessary
to strike out "five thousand," and insert" three
thousand ?"
Mr. MASON. That should be part of the
amendment. The amount is $5,715 20; and the
proposition of the Senator should include a motion
to strike out " five," and insert " three."
Mr HALE. Very well.
Mr. MASON. I hope it will not be done.
Mr. HALE. I hope it will.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire modify his amendment
as suggested by the Senator from Virginia?
Mr. HALE. Yes, sir.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am inclined to think,
upon reflection,'that, assuming the bona fides of
this, it is a fair transaction, and I have no right
to impeach it. I suppose that the Committee on
FBreign Relations have examined into the ques-
tion;andI am inclined to think it would be proper
to pay for the destruction of that property.
Several Senators. He came home.
Mr. TRUMBULL. His coming home did not
alter it at all, because he was called home tempo-
rarily, and then was superseded in some way.
Mr. MASON. The Senator will allow me. He
was called back for consultation as to the con-
dition of that country. Everybody knows its
unsettled condition. While he was here the minis-
ter, the country continued in that unsettled con-
dition, and there was, in fact, no Government, and
the President thought it best to discontinue the
mission. He was here four or five months.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That does not alter the
fact at all.
Mr. MASON. Certainly not.
Mr. TRUMBULL. He came home, as he sup-
posed, temporarily, and not with a view to leave
the country, and left his property there; and if
that was destroyed, I think it ought to be paid for
by somebody; and although we certainly have a
claim upon that Government for it, it is pretty
hard, perhaps, to turn the individual over to that
Government.
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President, I do not know
that I understand distinctly the character of the
present amendment; but, as I understand it, I
confess that I have some doubts in regard to it.
The proposition is to strikeout " $2,000,"which
it is proposed in the bill to allow to Mr. Wheeler,
for property destroyed in Nicaragua while he was
the American minister there. The inclination of
my mind is—though the subject is one which X
have not referred to for some time, and I do not
speak upon it with perfect confidence—that there
is a broad distinction between the duty of a Gov-
ernment, as regards the protection which it owes
