1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
559
to its minister oragent resident in aforeign coun-
try, and to the citizen who goes there of his own
volition.
The duty of protection to the minister, it seems
to me, is absolute in alt cases. He is there repre-
senting the sovereignty of his country. He is
there as your agent. The insult is to the nation;
the wrong is to the nation. It is just cause of war
if his property is despoiled in a foreign country
while he is minister. His person is protected by
all nations, under general principles of interna-
tional law. He is exem^ed even from the con-
sequences of crime committed in a foreign juris-
diction as personal to himself, because he stands
as the representative of the country; and surely,
standing in that relation, he is entitled to the full
measure of protection. In one sense, you may
say that it is his own volition that he is there; but
it is at your command, and as your agent that lie
goes. There must be greater sanctity, therefore,
in this relation, and a greater obligation in the
Government to protect the minister while there on
its own account, on account of the dignity and
character of the nation, than it can possibly owe
to every citizen that goes abroad merely on his
own volition, for the transaction of his own pri-
vate business. The duty of the Government is
to protect him abroad; to enforce his rights, no
doubt; but that duty cannot go to the extent of
involving the countiy in war, or, at all hazards,
redressing him, if the Government is unable to
obtain redress from the Government which inflicts
the injury. But, as regards the public minister,
I think it is. That is my present impression. I
speak not with certainty. I think that the usages
of nations, that the precedents of nations, would
show that in all cases where a foreign minister
representing his Government in another country,
has his property despoiled in that country, you
have the undoubted right of reclamation upon that
Government; for his person and his property ought
to be sacred in their eyes. They are bound to
protect him, because he stands there as the rep-
resentative of the United States of America; their
sovereignty is represented 111 his person; and if
that be so, then, it seems to me, you unquestion-
ably, in all cases of that kind, ought to remunerate
your minister, and look to the foreign country for
redress; because, when he is there, in his person
you are there.
That is the view I take of it. I may be mis-
taken; b\it I think that is the general principle of
law as applied to the usages of nations. 1 am,
therefore, disposed to vote against a motion to
strike out that part of the bill; but I confess that
there are parts of this bill which strike me with
surprise, although the evidence may be all cor-
rect. I am unable to understand on what prin-
ciple it could be, if the currency of Nicaragua was
so depreciated as to occasion a loss to the party
there, eight dimes passing fora dollar, that a hill
of the United States minister on Baring Brothers
would not sell above par. I cannot understand
it. It seems to me the depreciation of the cur-
rency there would necessarily cause the bill to !
command a premium when it was drawn upon a
country where the currency was higher. I can-
not understand the transaction, though it appears
that the testimony certifies the fact; but it is con-
trary to all the ordinary results in such eases.
The amendment was rejected; there being on a
division—ayes 15, noes 20.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, and was read the third time.
Mr. FOSTER. 1 ask for the yeas and nays
on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and on being
taken, resulted—yeas 21, nays 20; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Bright, Clinirman, Fitch, Green,
Gwiu, Hemphill, Iverson, Johnson of Aikaiwas. Kennedy,
Lane. Latham, Mason. Nicholson, Polk, Rico, Saulsbury,
Sebastian, Sumner, Thomson, and Wigfali—21.
NAYtf— Messis. Anthony, Biwrliam, Cameron, Chan-
rlict, Oiaik, Dixon, Dootittle, Durkee, Fes&enden, Foot,
Foster, Grimes, Hale. Ilarlan, Johnson of Tennessee, King,
l'i aice, Trumbuil, Wade, and Wilson—2U.
So the bill was passed.
CHARLES E. ANDERSON.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill (S.
No 272) for the relief of Charles E. Anderson:
wmch was read the third time 011 the 4th uf May
last, the question now bem^ on its passage. j
The Secretary read the bill, which directs the i
Secretary of the Treasury to pay to Charles? L I
Anderson, late acting charge d 'affaires of the Uni-
ted States at Paris, $1,657 60, the amount of the
difference between the salary received by him as
secretary of legation at Paris, from April 1 to
November 29, 1837, and that allowed to a charge
d'affaires.
Mr. HALE. That is outlawed. It is twenty-
three years old. Read the report.
The Secretary read the report, from which it
appears that Mr. Anderson was appointed secre-
tary of the legation of the United States at Paris
in 1836, under General Cass, our minister at that
Court; that in March, 1837, on the departure of
the minister for the Mediterranean and the Holy
Land, he was presented to the Court of Louis
Philippe, as charge d'affaires of the United States
ad interim, and that from that time till the return of
General Cassto his post,a periodof eight or nine
months, the entire duties, responsibilities, and
expenses of -the legation devolved upon him.
These statements of the memorial are substan-
tially sustained by a letter from the Secretary of
State, dated February20, 1855, which says: "It
appears from the records and files of this Depart-
ment that Mr. Anderson acted as charged 'affaires
of the United States atParis, from the Istof April
until the 29th of November, 1837." Regarding
this claim as being fully within the principle here-
tofore established in similar cases, the Committee
on Foreign Relations reported a bill for the relief
of the claimant.
Mr. HALE. "Will the chairman tell us when
this claim was first presented ? It is twenty-three
years old.
Mr. MASON. It was presented within the
last three or four years, according to my recol-
lection. But I will tell the Senator the reason
why it was not presented before. I do not know
the gentleman who is the claimant at all. He is
a gentleman in New York, I think; but it was
made known to mc by his friends, that during
the time he was representing our country abroad,
and for many years afterwards, he was a man in
very affluent circumstances, which subsequent
misfortunes of one kind or another changed, and
reduced him almost to destitution; and knowing,
as I am informed by his friends, that this allow-
ance was always made, he made the claim.
Mr. HALE. I do not know whether it is worth
while to oppose this bill. The facts, as I under-
stand, arc something like these: twenty-three or
twenty-four years ago, General Cass was the
minister of this country to the Government of
France. Some of our national vessels were there,
and the General took a pleasure-trip in the Med-
iterranean. It was highly proper, and I do not
want to be understood as throwing any censure
upon that. But, probably as a matter of favor to
his secretary, he let him play minister while he
was 011 his tour. That is the whole of it, sir.
After the thing had slumbered over twenty years,
or twenty years at least, it was found out that
there has been a practice of paying claims of this
sort; but that practice has not been uniform. If
I have understood the action of the Government
latterly, the Government have set their faces
against claims of this sort. Why, sir, there is
upon your Calendar a bill of a similar character
to compensate your Secretary of the Senate, Mr.
Dickens, for set vices of precisely similar charac-
ter, and there is a report of the Court of Claims
in favor of it; but the Government have refused
to pay it. I do not mean while he was foreign
minister; but while lie was clerk in the office of j
one of the Departments, he discharged the duties 1
of the Secretary for a time, and he has had a j
claim before this body for years for compensation, j
There are a great number of claims ot that sort '
which the Government latterly have refused. 1 !
grant that there are some that have been paid; j
but I think a claim of this sort ought not to be
paid. However, I do not want to take up time
about it. 1 suppose it will be.
Mr. MASON I think the Senator will find, if
he will look at the precedents, that the distinction
was this: where a secretary of legation is in-
structed by his government to present himself as
a charge d'affaires—that is to say, as one who
holds the functions of minister ad interim, in the
absence of the minister—the practice, so far as 1
know,has been invariable to make that allowance
of the difference between the pay of a secretary of
legation and a ••har^e ti 'affaires We have now no
charge d'affaires That grade has been abolished
by recent statute. The secretary of legation was
allowed a salary of $2,000; the charg€ d'affaires
was allowed a salary of $4,000, and the practice
has been, where the secretary was appointed chargS
d'affaires ad interim, and was accredited to the
court to discharge the duties of such, toailowhim
the salary of charge d'affaires for the time he per-
t^ose duties, deducting ^om it his $2,000.
Mr. HALE. Arid deducting the excess from
the salary of the minister?
Mr. MASON. Not that I am aware of. I
presume not.
Mr. HALE. It ought to be.
Mr. MASON. Now, this letter of the Secre-
tary of State says:
" rtappearstrom the records and files of tliisDepartment
that Mr. Anderson acted as charge d'affaires of the United
States, at Paris, from the 1st of April until the -29th of No-
vember, 1837."
The reason for it is very manifest. A secre-
tary of legation has no position whatever in the
country to which a minister is accredited. He
holds no intercourse with the Government, and is
subjcct to no heavy expenses in consequence of
his place there; but a charge d'affaires is in a very
different position. The records of the Depart*
merit are full of instances of necessary expenses
devolved on him which, in the humbler character
of secretary, he would not have to meet; and it has
always been usual with the Government to allow
them.
Mr. HALE. This report docs not state that
he was appointed by the Government, and 1 do
not think he was, but was presented by General
Cass—a mere complimentary thing, undoubtedly. *
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the passage of the bill.
The question being put, there were, on a divis-
ion—ayes two.
Mr. MASON. I think it is manifest, from the
condition of the Senate, that we can only pass
upon these claims intelligibly by the yeas and
nays. I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. ANTHONY. What is the amount of the
bill?
Mr. HALE. It is not much. There is a prin-
ciple in it, though.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 15, nays 20; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Clmgman, Crittenden, Fitch,
Fo^tei, Green. Iveivon, Johnson of Arkansas, Johnson of
'JYiinovet', Kennedy, Latham, Mut>on, I'earee, Polk, and
WijxOtll—15
NAYS—Bingham, Cameron, Clark, Dixon,
Doolittle, Durkee, Fessmdon, Foot, Grimes, Hale, Uar
tan, Kins, Lane, Ricu, Snulslmry, Sumner, Ten Eyek,
Trnmtmli, Wade, and Wilson—20.
So the bill was rejected.
Mr. HALE. I move that the Senate adjourn.
["Oh, no!"] What is the use of sitting here,
when wo have to send the boys out for members
whenev< r we have a vote ?
The motion was not agreed to.
LAND CLAIMS IN WISCONSIN.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bili (S.
No. 479) for the reliefof certain claimants to farm
lots at Prairie du Chien, in the State of Wiscon-
sin. The bill was read three times, and passed,
on May 28,1860; but a motion to reconsider was
entered by Mr. Doolittle.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. A question has arisen be-
tween the State of Wisconsin and certain grantees,
in relation to those lands, the State of Wisconsin
claiming that they are overflowed lands and be-
long to Wisconsin. Certain grantees under the
State claim them, and certain other persons claim
them under the grants given of their title deeds
from the United States. The matter is in litiga-
tion, as 1 am informed by peisons residing at
Prairie Du Clnen; and my opinion is, that it is
best that it should be decided by the courts, i
ask that the bili be reconsidered.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
js on reconsidering the vote by which the bill was
passed.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDING" OFFICER. The question
now recurs on the passage of the bill.
Mr, DOOLITTLE. ! move that the bill be
laid on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
The Senate, as
JOIIN PEEBLES.
s in Committee of the Whole,
