560
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 25.
proceeded to consider the bill (S. No. 125) from
the Court of Claims, for the relief of John Pee-
bles It directs the Secretary of the Treasury to
pay to John Peebles twenty-five dollars, m full
for his services as surveyor, performed under the
direction of John Cuthbert, timber agent for the
southern district of Alabama.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
NAHCM WARD.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill (S.
No. 137) from the Court of Claims, for the relief
ofNahumWard.
The Secretary read the bill, which directs the
Secretary of the Treasury to pay to Nabum
Ward, of Marietta, Ohio, the sum of #67,668 27,
being in full for the amount due 011 forty-three
loan office certificates of the United States, dated
December 23,1777. ... ,
Mr. POLK. My impression is that there was
a report made against that claim.
Mr. GRIMES. The Senator from Ohio, [Mr.
Pcgh,] who is now absent, took some interest 111
the matter.
Mr. POLK. Yes, sir; and I was going to sug-
gest that it lie over.
Mr. GRIMES. 1 think that would be proper.
Mr. WADE. I will inquire whether this bill
is not from the Court of Claims ?
Mr. POLK. Yes, sir. It involves the whole
question of back pay. The Senator from Ohio,
who is absent, submitted a motion in regard to
' this bill when it was under consideration at the
last session, and I suggest that it be postponed.
Mr. WADE. I know he did, and I will con-
sent to its postponement.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill, by
general consent, will be passed over if there be no
objection. The Chair hears no objection, and
the bill will lie over.
ERNEST FIEDLER.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill (S.
No. 138) from the Court of Claims, for the relief
of Ernest Fiedler.
The Secretary read the bill, which directs the
Secretary of the Treasury to pay to Ernest Fied-
ler the sum of $392 90, in full for excess of duties
paid by him on importations of ammonia made
by him into the port of New York in the years
1846,1847, 1849, 1851, and 1852.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There is a large number
of these claims about which there has been a great
deal of dispute. They have been very earnestly
objected to here; and I think we may as well pass
over the whole of them. I move to pass them all
°VTlic PRESIDING OFFICER. Will the Sen-
ator indicate the number?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Down to bill No. 204,
for the relief of George Ashley, on the next page
of the Calendar. .
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bills indi-
cated by the Senator from Maine will be passed
over, if there be 110 objection. 1 he Chair hears
GEORGE ASIILEY.
The bill (S. No. 204) from the Court of Claims,
for the relief of George Ashley, administrator tie
bonis U071 of Samuel Holgate, deceased, was read
by its title.
Mr. FOOT. I ask that that case may lie over.
My colleague takes some interest in it, and is at
present absent.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If there is no objection
to it, the Senator had better let it be passed.
Mr. GREEN. There is no objection.
Mr. FOOT. If there be no objection, it can
be passed.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, re-
sumed the consideration of the bill, which directs
the Secretary of the Treasury to pay to George
Ashley, administrator <!e bonis non of Samuel
Holgate, deceased, $99G 01, being in full for cer-
tain planks and boards and other property of
his, seized by Commodore McDonough on Lake
Champlain, 111 1814.
Mr. KING. That bill has been opposed in the
Senate; 1 do not remember by whom; but I know
there was a discussion and controversy about it.
I think it had better lie over.
Mr. FOOT. The bill can bo passed over if
there is any opposition to it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill will
lie over if there be no objection. The Chair hears
none.
JAMBS CROOKS.
The bill (S. No. 213) from the Court of Claims,
for the relief of James Crooks, was read a second
time, and considered as in Committee of the
Whole. It directs the Secretary of the Treasury
to pay to James Crooks, surviving partner of the
firm of James and William Crooks, m full for all
claim he has against the United States, for the
seizure and sale of the schooner Lord Nelson, on
Lake Ontario, on the 5th of June, 1832, by Lieu-
tenant Melancthon T. Woolsey, of the United
States Navy, and her condemnation and sate, with
her cargo, under a decree of the United States dis-
trict court for the district of New York, the sum
of $183 50. .
Mr. KING. Is there a report in that case ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. The bill is from the Court
of Claims, and is only for $183.
Mr. KING. Well, I should like to hear the
re®The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is the readin
of the leport called for?
Mr. KING. Yes, sir.
Mr. LANE. 1 was about to suggest that the
bill lie over. .
Mr. KING. I have no objection to that.
Mr. LANE. Then I move that the bill lie over
for the pre&ent.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there be no
objection, the bill will lie over. The Chair hears
none.
REVOLUTIONARY CLAIMS OF GEORGIA.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (S. No. 231)
to refund to the State of Georgia certain moneys
paid by said State to Peter Trczvant, the legal
representative ofRobert Farquhar. It directs the
Secretary of the Treasury to pay to the State
of Georgia, or its lawfully authorized agent, the
sum of $35,555 42, with interest upon the sum
of $22,222 22, from the 1st of January, 1858, so
far as the State of Georgia has paid or lost that
interest, this payment being for moneys paid by
Georgia to Peter Trezvant, on account of supplies
purchased by the agents of Georgia of Robert
Farquhar, for the troops of Georgia, in 1777, then
quartered near Savannah, in a state of great des-
titution, under the command of General James
Jackson.
Mr. KING. Is there a report accompanying
the bill ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is. Is
the reading of the report called for?
Mr. KING. Yes, sir.
Mr. GRIMES. Let the bill lie over.
Mr. KING. I have no objection to that; but
if the bill is to be considered,! should like to hear
the report.
Mr. IVERSON. If the Senator will allow me,
I can make a very brief explanation of the case.
During the revolutionary war the continental
troops, then besieging Savannah—Savannah then
being in the possession of the British Govern-
ment—were in a great state of destitution, and
by an order of the Governor of Georgia, the com-
missary or quartermaster general of that State
was authorized to purchase supplies for those
troops. Under that authority he entered into a
contract with Robert Farquhar, who was a Scotch
merchant, residirfg in the city of Charleston, and
he purchased from Robert Farquhar a large num-
ber of supplies, consisting of provisions and cloth-
in«- for the troops then stationed near Savannah,
umicr the command of General James Jackson, af-
terwards Governor ofthat State. After the war was
ended, Farquhar presented his claim to the State
of Georgia. A difficulty occuned, and he brought
his action in the Federal courts against the State
of Georgia. Pending that action in the Federal
courts, the State of Georgia passed a joint reso-
lution pledging itself to pay the judgment that
might be recovered, if any should be recovered,
in the action. The case finally went to the Su-
preme CourtoftheUnitcd States—as every lawyer
will remember the case of Chisholm, executor of
Farquhar, against the State of Georgia, and the
question as to the jurisdiction of the Supreme
Court to bring a sovereign State before the Fed-
eral tribunal—was there debated at great length,
and decided by the Supreme Court in favor of
the jurisdiction of the court, and judgment against
the State of Georgia was affirmed.
That case, as Senators will remember, gave rise
to the eleventh amendment of the Constitution.
After this judgment, however, the State of Geor-
gia still declined to pay the debt. She, however,
under a resolution, issued certificates to Robert
Farquhar, or the executor of Farquhar, for the
amount of this claim—what were called Govern-
ment certificates—I think,in sums of £1,000each.
Some of them were taken up; others remained
unpaid until a very lat* period. Within the last
ten years, the State of Georgia, by a bill, agreed
to pay the balance of that claim, and paid tt>this
man, Trezvant, (the subsequent cxecutorof Far-
quhar, Chisholm having died,)the whole amount
of the claim. The evidence shown among the
papers is, that the State has paid the claim, and
at the time of payment it amounted to $35,000, or
about that sum. The State of Georgia paid the
claim in bonds running up to ten years, bhe has
not entered a claim against the Federal Govern-
ment until she paid the last of the bonds. All the
bonds have been extinguished, with interest; and
now she comes upon the Federal Government,
or did come upon the Federal Government at the
last session, and asked that this amount be re-
funded back to her. That is the simple state-
ment of the case.
Mr. KING. There is considerable disturbance
and irregularity in the State of Georgia, I under-
stand, and there might be some difficulty in de-
termining to whom this money should be paid.
I think tills proposition had better lie over. I
move that it be postponed.
Mr. IVERSON. X have not a word to say on
that subject. It is for the Senate to say whether
they will acknowledge this debt, and pay it to the
State of Georgia or not. I do not know that the
circumstances under which the State of Georgia
is now placed make any difference whatever as
to the obligation of the Federal Government to
pay; but if the Senator, and Senators on the other
side, think that makes a difference, the State of
Georgia does not come here to beg for the money.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion to postpone the further consid-
eration of the bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.     
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, January 25, 1861.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. J. George Botleu.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the act-
ing Secretary of the Interior, presenting the ac-
count of E. A. Deslonde, for clerk hire, under act
of August 18, 185fi; which was referred to the
Committee of Ways and Means, and ordered to
be printed.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
communication from the Secretary of the Navy,
transmitting, in compliance with a resolution of
the House of Representatives of the 3d January,
1861, the report of the superintendent of ordnance
at the Washington navy-yard, on rifled cannon
and the armament of ships-of-war; which was
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs, ana
ordered to be printed.
REPORT OF JOHN MCLLAN.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House the
report of Lieutenant John Mullan, called for by
the resolution of the House of Representatives of
the 18th of December, 1860; which was laid on the
table, and ordered to be printed.
J. J. LINTS.
Mr. BABBITT. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to discharge the Committee of
the Whole from the further consideration of the
bill (S. No. 223) for the relief of J. J. Lints, and
that the same be put on its passage.
The bill, which was read, direets the Secretary
of the Treasury, out of any money in the Treas-
ury not otherwise appropriated, to pay to J.J.
Lints $1,236, being in full for his services as cus-
