THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 28.
«ne!, under the forms and in the mode prescribed
by the Constitution, and agreeably to the usages
of the body. I am not prepared at this very late
day of the'session to interpose my advice to the
Administration upon the great qaestion which
now presents itself to this country.
Mr. FOSTER. I rise to a question of order.
I wish to ask whether this resolution is now be-
fore the Senate for discussion, or whether it can
be considered without the unanimous consent of
the Senate ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
before -the Senate is on the motion to proceed to
the consideration of executive business.
Mr. POSTER. I ask whether that is debata-
ble?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is not open
to debate on the merits of the resolution referred
to by the Senator. Brief remarks, assigning rea-
sons for or against the motion to proceed at this
time to the consideration of executive business,
are admissible under the practice; but not on any
resolution which has been offered.
Mr. HALE. Well, sir, if I trespass on the
rules of the Senate I shall sit down. Is the res-
olution received?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The resolu-
tion is superseded for the time being by a motion,
which takes precedence, to proceed to the consid-
eration of executive business.
Mr. HALE. I certainly have no desire to
trespass on the time of the Senate; but the reso-
lution cannot pass, nor can it be rejected, without
my having an opportunity to explain the position
which I occupy upon it; and I was going to do it
in this stage. I have no desire to take up the
time of the Senate; and if it is the wish of the
Senate to go into executive session, I will forbear
my remarks and let the vote be taken.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Clerk will
call the roll on the motion to proceed to the con-
sideration of executive business.
Mr. POWELL. I should be obliged to the
Senate if they would allow mc to call up a mes-
sage, to have it printed, before this vote is taken.
It will take no time. I will say to the Senate that
I introduced a resolution the other day calling for
the dispatches of Major Anderson during the time
he has been m command at Port Sumter. The
President, in reply to that resolution, says it is
incompatible with the public interest to have those
dispatches published at this time. 1 have seen it
stated in Republican newspapers,leading journals
of that party for some week or so back, that the
country had been deceived as to the amount of
supplies at Port Sumter.
Mr. COLLAMER. Is the motion withdrawn
to go into executive session?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is not with-
drawn.
Mr. POWELL. I will make a short statement,
and then yield the floor.
Mr. COLLAMER. The gentleman seems to
be making a speech.
_ The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If the ques-
tion of order bo raised, the Chair is bound to say
that remarks in reference to another question are
not strictly in order.
Mr. POWELL. One moment to state reasons
-why it ought to be printed.
Mr. COLLAMER. That is all any speech
ever ought to contain—the reasons.
Mr. POWELL. That is very true. Am I in
order or not, sir ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair is
obliged to say, with gteat deference, that remarks
are not strictly in order pertainingto another ques-
tion not before the Senate, except by unanimous
consent of the body.
Mr. POWELL. I thought I had that before
I commenced my remarks.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If 110 objection
be interposed, the Senator from Kentucky will
proceed with his remarks.
Mr. COLLAMER. I feel it to be my duty to
object to any collateral motion of that kind while
a motion for executive session is pending. If the
gentleman who made the motion for an executive
session withdraws it, I have no objection to the
Senator from Kentucky proceeding at any length.
Mr. POWELL. I tried on two occasions yes-
terday to get up the motion to print that message.
The reputation of Major Anderson—a bold and
gallant officer of my own State—has been assailed
by newspaper articles that claim to be predicated
upon his dispatches. I wished those dispatches
to be published, in order that he might be vindi-
cated. This is the only mode I had to do it. I
feel confident that when those dispatches are
printed, it will be found that Major Anderson has
not misrepresented the facts at all. It does not
seem that I am allowed to proceed. I know him to
be a bold, true, and honorable officer of the Ai my;
and he will be always true to his flag; and I think
the Senate ought to allow the message to be prin ted
and remarks to be made upon it, that justice may
be done to Major Anderson, and that those who
have misrepresented him and who have predicated
their assaults on the dispatches which it is said
he has sent to the War Department may correct
it. I have no fears of the reputation of that officer
whenever those dispatches come to light. I will
venture to assert that Major Anderson has said
nothing in any one of them that was not strictly
the truth, and that they will not be contradictory.
I will not take up the time of the Senate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Clerk
will call the roll on the motion to go into execu-
tive session.
Mr. GRIMES. I shall vote in favor of the
proposition to go into executive session, but not
for the sake of shirking any responsibility con-
nected with the resolution of the Senator from
Illinois, [Mr. Trumbull.] If it had been offered
on any other occasion, I should vote for it; but
I am anxious that this executive session should
be brought to a close, and therefore I shall vote
in favor of going into executive session. I make
this explanation in order that my vote may not
be misconstrued, for I agree in the sentiment of
the resolution wholly.
Mr. ANTHONY. I presume there is no ob-
jection to printing the message of the President
of the United States, if that is all the Senator
from Kentucky wants. I think it will be con-
ceded by unanimous conseht.
Mr. POWELL. I have asked consent, and
had it thrice refused.
Mr. ANTHONY. I think it was misunder-
stood.
Mr. POWELL. If -the Senate would not
allow me that courtesy, I have nothing more to
ask.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
must request Senators to allow the call of the roll
to proceed on the motion of the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts.
Mr. COLLAMER. I never objected to the
order to print the message; I objected to making
speeches.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair is
obliged to arrest further debate on any collateral
question whatever. The motion is, that the Sen-
ate now proceed to the consideration of executive
business.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 25, nays 13; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Baker, Chandler, Claik, Col-
lamer, Cowan, Dixon, Doolittle, Fessenden, Foot, Foster,
Giuncs. Hale, Harris, Howe, Johnson, King/Lane, Morrill,
Sheiman, Simmons, Suiimei, Ten Eyck, VVilmot, and
Wilson—25.
NAYS—Messrs. Breckinridge, Blight, Clitigman, Doug-
las, fc«nncdy, MitchcLNesmuh, Nichokon, Powell, Trum-
bull, and Wade—11.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
So the motion was agreed to; and the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of executive busi-
ness; and after some time spent therein, the doors
were reopened.
NOTIFICATION TO THE PRESIDENT.
Mr. BAKER. I move that a committee, to
consist of two members, be appointed to wait on
the President of the United States, and inform
him that, unless he may have some further com-
munication to make, the Senate is now ready to
close its session by an adjournment.
The motion was agreed to; and Mr. Baker.
and Mr. Powell were appointed the committee.
REGISTER OF DEBATES.
Mr. DIXON. I move that the resolution pro-
viding for the purchase of twenty copies of the
Annals of Congress and Register of Debates be
taken up for consideration.
Mr. POLK. I will state to the Senate, and to
the Senator from Connecticut especially, that,on
thinking over this matter since the adjournment
yesterday, I am disposed to vote for the resolu-
tion. I should like, however, to have a state-
ment again from the Senator of what the cost will
be of the purchase that is proposed. I under-
stood him to say six or seven thousand dollars.
Mr. DIXON. Seven thousand one hundred
dollars.
Mr. POLIC. I shall vote for taking up the
resolution. I shall change my vote from what it
was yesterday.
Mr. KINu and Mr. FESSENDEN called for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered on the ques-
tion of taking up the resolution; and the Clerk
proceeded with and concluded the call of the roll.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Several Sen-
ators have not voted. No quorum appears to have
voted. The Clerk will call those who have not
answered to their names, leaving the responsi-
bility to those who refuse to answerto arrest pro-
ceedings for want of a quorum.
Mr. NICHOLSON. I am paired with the Sen-
ator from Oregon, [Mr. Baker;] but I am author-
ized to vote if my vote will make a quorum, and
will not affect the result.
Several Senators having voted,
Mr. DOUGLAS. I feel it my duty to call the
attention of the Chair to the fact that the Senator
from Michigan [Mr. Bingham] was in the Senate
when his name was called; and when the Chair
reminded Senators of their duty to vote, he went
into the cloak-room. I think he ought to come
back, and make a quorum.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There is now
a quorum.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Very well.
The result was announced—yeas 20, nays 14;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Breckinridge, Bright, Chan-
dler,Collamer, Dixon, Douglas,Foot, Foster, Hale, Harris,
Johnson, Kennedy, Mitchel, Nesmith, Polk, Rice, Sim-
mons, Sumner, and Ten Eyck—20. $
NAYS—Messrs. Cowan. Doolittle, Fessenden, Grimes,
Harlan, Howe, King, Lane, Nicholson, Sherman, Tium-
bull, Wade, Wilmot, and Wilson—]4.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. So the reso-
lution is taken up for consideration, and will be
read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Ordered, That the Sccretaiy of the Senate procure from
the publishers, for the Library or the Senate, twenty copies
of the Annate and Regiitei of 'Debates of Congress, and pay
for the same out of tlie contingent fund of the Senate, at a
price not exceeding that heretofore paid for the same.
Mr. KING. I move to amend the resolution,
so us to make it provide that the Secretary of the
Senate be directed to ask from the Secretary of
the Interior, in whose Department, as I under-
stand, there are seven hundred copies of these
books, twenty copies for the use of the Senate.
Mr. DIXON. I hope that amendment will not
be adopted. I believe that the fact is not as the
Senator has been informed. I think he is mis-
taken in regard to that. At any rate, I shall not
make any words about it. I hope the amendment
will not be adopted.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from New Yoik moves the following amendment
to the resolution:
That the Secrefaiy of the Senate be directed to inquire
of the Secretary of the Interior whether he can furnish the
paid books for the use of the Senate.
Mr. POLK. I hope that amendment will be
adopted. I do not wish myself to vote for dupli-
cate copies, when the Government has them on
hand. Perhaps the Senator from New York ought
also to add, "and that if so, they be procured
from that source;" but I do not know that that is
necessary. I hope the Senate will adopt the
amendment. Do not let us make this expense
any more than we can help. I have changed my
vote and voted for the proposition, but still I
should like to have the expense made as light as
possible.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I suggest to the Senator from
New York, that he will accomplish his object by
modifying his amendment in this way: let it be
to add .to the resolution now ponding, this pro-
viso:
Provided* The Secretary of the Interior cannot furnish
the number required.
So that we are to buy them, provided the Sec-
retary of the Interior cannot furnish them. That
will enable the Secretary of the Interior to furnish
what he has got", and our Secretary to purchase
the residue.
