THE CONGKESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. 0.
Special Session, 37tii Cong.
FRIDAY, MARCH 29, 1861.
New Series.....No. 96.
Mr. KING-. I have been informed, though I
do not know, that there is quite a quantity of these
books in the office of the Secretary of the Interior.
In my judgment, this is not a very good time,
being the very last moment of the session, to pre-
sent a resolution of this kind for us to vote upon.
We ought to have information on this subject.
I remember that a very considerable number of
these books was printed, and at a very great cost
to Congress heretofore. I believe, though of
course I do not know, for I have not the official
information, that there are spare copies in the De-
partment of the Interior. They were placed there
to be disposed of at a future day by Congress, or
by the Senate. I think the Senator from Ohio
[Mr. Sherman] stated that there was a consider-
able number disposed of by the House of Repre-
sentatives. I should be glad if he would state
what he knows on the subject that he alluded to
yesterday.
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. President, I think that
two years ago a joint resolution was adopted re-
quiring all the books in the Department of State
to be transferred to the Department of the Inte-
rior, and a list or schedule of those books was
sent to Congress, and among them were seven
hundred copies of Gales & Seaton's Debates of
Congress. A resolution was then passed direct-
the Secretary of the Interior to distribute them
among the several congressional districts, as far
as possible. He did it, I believe, giving two
copies to each district, to be placed in libraries in
the district. There are now, if I remember aright,
about a hundred copies left that could not be dis-
tributed equally; and therefore they are now in
Department of the Interior. I have no doubt that,
if the Senate request the Secretary of the Interior
to send to the library of the Senate a certain num-
ber of copies, that order will be complied with;
and therefore this purchase is really unnecessary.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Allow me to call the atten-
tion of the Senator from Ohio to the fact that this
resolution is for tlie Archives, as I understand, and
his remarks are in regard to Gales & Seaton's
Debates; an entirely different class of books.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will state, also, that in
the list of books there were a large number of
various kinds—I cannot tell what; (the Secretary
of the Senate, no doubt, can find that list)—and
among the rest were the Archives, the Annals of
Congress, the Debates of Congress, and all the
various books published by Congress.
Mr. DOUGLAS. If that be so, by adopting
the amendment, " provided they cannot be had in
the Department of the Interior," we actually ac-
complish the object.
Mr. COLLAMER. In relation to the amend-
ment suggested by the Senator from Illinois, I
will say that I hardly think that will accomplish
the purpose. The Secretary of the Interior is not
authorized to furnish these books anywhere ex-
cept by law. Of course a provision in this reso-
lution, " provided they cannot be furnished by the
Secretary of the Interior," would be answered at
once, " it cannot be;" not because he has notgot
them, but because it wants a law to provide for it.
I therefore think that would not answer the pur-
pose. What I want to know is, whether we have
the books on hand anywhere. If we have, let us
dispose of this resolution, and we can take proper
means to get at them hereafter.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the amendment moved by the Senator from
New York.
Mr. COLLAMER. Is this resolution for the
Annals of Congress?
Mr. DIXON. The Annals of Congress and
Register of Debates; they are two different sets,
and I believe the books to which the Senator from
Ohio refers are the Register of Debates, and not
the Annals of Congress.
Mr. COLLAMER. But this covers both.
Mr. DIXON. I doubt whether you will find
a full supply of both. I am told there is not.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from New
York.
96
Mr. BINGHAM. I ask for the yeas and nays
on it.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken,resulted—yeas 19, nays 15; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Bingham, Breckinridge, Collamer,
Cowan, Doohttle, Fessenden, Grimes, Harlan, Ilowe,
King, Lane, Nicholson, Polk, Sherman, Ton Kyck, Trum-
bull, Wade, YVilmot, and Wilson—19.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Bright, Dixon, Douglas, Foot,
Foster, Hale, Harris, Johnson, Kennedy, Mitehel, Nes-
mith, Rice, Simmons, and Sumner—15.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DIXON. Is it in order to more an amend-
ment to the resolution as amended?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The resolu-
tion is open to further amendment.
Mr. DIXON. I move, as an amendment, to
strike out all after the word " ordered," and insert:
That the Secretary of the Senate be directed to inquire
whether the Secretary of the Inlerioi can furnish the An
nals of Congress and Register ot Debates, for the use of
the Senate; and if not, that the Secretary of the Senate
procure trom the publishers, lor the library of the Senate,
twenty copiea of the same, and pay for the same out of the
contingent fund ot the Senate, at a price not exceeding
that lieretofoie paid.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The same objection to
that exists now as was suggested a moment ago
by the Senator from Vermont. The Secretary
of the Interior has no authority by law to furnish
the copies; and that would be stated, and then
others would be purchased. It is manifest to me
that this is an unnecessary purchase of books.
If we have them on hand—as it seems that a por-
tion if not all of them are in the Interior Depart-
ment, and the only way to get them out of that
Department would be by the passage of a law—
it seems to me we are wasting time on this ques-
tion. I move that the Senate proceed to the con-
sideration of executive business.
Mr. DIXON. I hope not. I hope the question
will be taken on the resolution.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
The motion was agreed to—ayes nineteen, noes
not counted; and after some time spent in execu-
tive session, the doors were reopened.
EMPLOYES OF THE SENATE.
Mr. TRUMBULL. At the closc of the reg-
ular session a report was submitted by the Com-
mittee to Audit and Control the Contingent Ex-
penses of the Senate in reference to the employes
of this body. I find in that report, which is No.
309, this letter from the Sergeant-at-Arms:
Senate Chamber, February 27, 1861.
Sir: In answer to your inquiiy as to whether any one
employed under niv dueotum may not he dicppn^ed with
" without detriment to the public seiviee," and tils-o
whethei theie are not abu-es winch lequne leionri and
amendment," 1 have the honoi to stiito that, 111 my opin-
ion, the employment ot thn>e intense™ now employed
may be dispensed with dtnuiq the recess of Conzrevs, pro-
vided authonry be given me, in ease of any unfoi-seen emer-
gency, to employ laborers. Tins, I lespeetfully trust, is-an
answer to the whole inquiiy.
Veiy respectfully, D. It. MeJVATlt,
Sergcant-at-Jlmis United Slates Senate.
Hon. Andrew Johnson, Chairman Coni7.xit.tee to ±dudit
and Control Contingent Expenses of the Senate.
Now, sir, I offer the following* resolution:
Resolved, That the Sergeant-at-Arms be, and he is here-
by, authouzed to make the removals" indicated by him in
Senate roport No. 309, of the late session.
The PRESIDENT pro tempoie. The Chair
must suggest to the Senator from Illinois that,
upon the Senate going into the consideration of
executive business, the resolution called for by
the Senator from Connecticut [Air. Dixox] was
under consideration: and that is now the pending
question before the Senate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. As that will probably
take some time, and this, I apprehend, will not,
I ask unanimous consent that this be adopted. It
is on a report of the Sergeant-at-Arms that the
resolution is offered.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The resolu-
tion can be considered only by the unanimous
consent of the Senate.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I must call the attention of
the Senator from Connecticut to the state of the
question.
Mr. DIXON. What is the state of the question?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
before the Senate is on the resolution of the,Sen-
ator from Connecticut.
Mr. FESSENDEN, (to Mr. Trumbull.)
"Who are those messengers ? Do you know?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not know.
REGISTER 03? DEBATES.
Mr. DIXON. Is the question on my amend-
ment ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Con-
necticut.
Mr. DIXON. I wish that it may be read
again.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will be again
read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Ordered, That the Secretary of the Senate be directed
to inquire whether the Secretary of thclnteriorcanfnmisU
the Annals Gf Congress and Register of Debates for the
u*e ol' the Senate 5 and if not, that the Secietary of the
Senate procure trom the publishers, for the use of the libra-
ry, twenty copies of the same, and pay for the same out of
the contingent fund of the Senate, at a price not exceed-
ing that heretofore paid.
Mr. COLLAMER. I wish to amend the amend-
ment by inserting, after the words *' if not," the
words "in his possession;" so that, if the books
are not in his possession, our Secretary may buy
them. He may not furnish them for the want of
a law; but I desire that they should not be bought
if he lias them in his possession.
Mr. DIXON. Iaaceptthat.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The amend-
ment of the Senator from Connecticut is modified
at the suggestion of the Senator from Vermont.
• Mr. DIXON. I desire to suggest another
amendment, which I think will be acceptablc to the
Senator from Vermont, and that is, to direct our
Secretary to inquire whether the Secretary of the
Interior can furnish the number of copies we de-
sire. Perhaps he may be able to furnish one
copy or two copies for the use of the Senate with-
out being able to furnish them all.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I think that is the fair read-
ing of the resolution as it stands now.
Mr. GRIMES. Mr. President, we are just on
the eve of an adjournment 
Mr. HALE. We do not know that.
Mr. GRIMES. We have been on what we
supposed was the eve of an adjournment for sev-
eral days, and I think we are likely to adjourn
now. ffe do not seem to understand what is the
real condition of facts in regard to these debates.
There will be no use for them, if we buy them,
until Congress shall be here again in December,
or at an extra session. Now, is it not wise, is it
not the dictatc of prudence, for us to wait quietly
until wc do assemble here again, when we can
investigate the facts, and know whether the num-
ber of Congressional Debates that we now pro-
pose to purchase,under certain contingencies, are
already owned by the Government; and if they
are, then pass the proper law to bring them from
the Interior Department, where they are said to
be, into the possession of the Senate? What is
the necessity for this hurry just as we are on ttfe
eve of an adjournment, and when it is with the
utmost difficulty that we can keep a quorum here ?
I hope this matter will be postponed; and when
we come together again, if there is any necessity
for these books, I will join the Senator from Con-
necticut in voting for their purchase; but until I
know something about the facts, in regard to
which we all now seem to be in the dark, I am
not prepared to vote for the resolution, and I do
not think any of us are.
Mr. DIXON. I will barely state, in regard to
the time of presenting the resolution, that it has
been pending in the Senate for the last two weeks,
and it has been reported and upon the table more
than a week; so that there has been ample time
for its consideration.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the amendment offered by the Senator from
Connecticut.
