THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 28,
into.: Some one is certainly competent to' give the
information.
Mr. HALE. Did you not hear the Senator
from Iowa ?
Mr. RICE. He gave no name.
- Mr. HALE. I was going to say that the rea-
son why 1 have not called attention to this sub-
ject is, because I know it is ungracious, to begin
with; it is unpleasant; it is disagreeable. I in-
troduced the resolution to which this report is an
answer, the session before the last, and the Com-
mittee to'Audit and Control the Contingent Ex-
penses of the Senate kept my resolution, of course
forgood reasons. I do not impute any bad mo-
tived to them. Probably they had so much to
do; looking after these pages, and seeing what
clerks required pages, and what clerks required
messengers to help them, that they had not
time, and so" the report was not made until the
Saturday before we adjourned on Sunday, and
I was thus deprived of the opportunity of calling
the attention of the Senate to it. I am glad that
my friend from Illinois has called attention to it,
and moved to dispense with soma messengers
that Colonel McNair says can be dispensed with;
and now that I see the Colonel present, I will do
him this justice: I believe he is the first officer
we ever had here since the Senate was organized,
that has not uniformly reported, in answer to all
such inquiries as this, that he had the least possi-
ble number of employes that he could get along
with in any way in the world, and that he could
not dispense with a single one of them without
detriment to the public service; and as is suggested
here, they generally want more. I believe that
is the fact, though. I do not know that they have
said that. Inasmuch as the Sergeant-at-Arms
has told you that he has more than he wants,
and more than he ought to have, and that you
are paying these gentlemen when there is no
possible use for them, I think we may very well
begin by adopting this resolution; and if we all
live, or most of us, to another session of Con-
gress, I shall endeavor to call this matter up, not
with an idea of making any sweeping reform,
but of rectifying abuses which I think disgrace-
ful to the Senate. I hope that is not oat of order,
sir. If it is, 1 will take it back; but if it is not,
I will stick to it.
Mr. DOUGLAS. The statement so repeatedly
made, that some ofour officers arc traveling abroad,
and that others a^e not near the Capitol, but are
elsewhere studymgprofessions,and receiving pay
at the same time from the contingent fund, in-
volves a serious imputation upon the body. It is
calculated to impress the country that the Senate
of the United States is not faithful to its duties;
and is, from favoritism and partiality, guilty of
tolerating gross abuses. I do not think these gen-
eral charges ought to be made without specifica-
tions, so that we may lop oft' the abuses at once.
I had never heard, until the Senator from New
Hampshire, the other day, suggested it in debate,
that there was any such abuse as is now spoken
of. I do not believe there is a Senator in the body
who would not have voted instantly to strike any
such person from the pay-roll, upon its being
called to hisattention. Now, to make these vague
suggestions upon the ground that the other side
have just come into power, that they are a reform
party, that they are going to correct abuses, seems
as if the purpose was to cast an imputation on the
majority who have heretofore had the control of
the Senate.
Mr. HALE. Let rac suggest to the Senator,
(which is the fact,) that the resolution, to which
this report is the answer, was introduced by me
at the session before the last—not last session,
but the session befoiethat.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I understand that; but the
question is, whether he directed the attention of
the committee to those charges, to the fact that
there were persons on the pay-roll who were not
performing the duty; that there were persons 011
the pay-roll who weie traveling in Europe; that
there were persons on the pay-roll who wcrestudy-
ingprofessions—whether these facts were brought
to the attention of the Senate, or any of its com-
mittees? An inquiry without any specifications,
without directing the attention of the committee
to the abuses alluded to, might be very ineffect-
ual, because the committee would not know where
to direct their attention; but if it be true that this
abuse has existed, I think that the Senator, the
moment he came into possession of the fact, ought
to have made it known, and moved its correction.
Mr. HALE. Will the Senator allow me to
read the resolution? It is pretty broad, as the
Senate will see, and pretty searching. I offered
a resolution on the 18th of June, 1860—not only
before the election, but, I think, before the nom-
ination, certainly before the split at Baltimore—
directing our committee—
" To inquire and report to tlie Senate how many persons
are employed by the Senate, in each and every department,
whether in the office of the Secretary, or under the direc-
tion of the Sergeant-at-Arms, or of the Doorkeeper, or m
any other way or manner, the compensation of each, the
time that each individual is employed, the authority by
which each person is employed or appointed; and also to
inform the Senate, whether, in the opinion of said commit-
tee, the services of any one thus employed may not be dis-
pensed with, without detriment to the public service, and
whether there are not abuses which require reform and
amendment."
Mr. RICE. What is the reason that the res-
olution was not answered before?
Mr. HALE. That I cannot say.
Mr. DOUGLAS. If I had introduced a reso-
lution of that kind, and had that knowledge of
particular specific abuses, I should have felt it my
duty to direct the attention of the committee to
the very points that I wanted to have investigated.
Resolutions are frequently offered just before nom-
inations, previous to presidential elections, search-
ing for materials for a political campaign, with-
out havihg reference to any particular object. It
is setting a broad net to catch whatever fish may
be passing along in those waters.
Mr. HALE. Allow me one word of explana-
tion right there.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Certainly.
Mr. HALE. I did not notify the committee
because I supposed, andthoughtit wastte usual
practice of the Senate, when a gentleman intro-
duced a resolution of that sort, and a committee
were to meet upon it, to notify him that they were
ready, and to ask his attendance.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Whenever specific charges
are made, and a committee of investigation is ap-
pointed to investigate the charges, my understand-
ing is, that it is usual to call upon the mover to
present his charges; but when a broad inquiry is
made by a Senator not professing to have any
information, but offering the resolution because
he wants some, and has not got it, I never knew
that it was incumbent on ihcni at all to consult
him, because the inquiry implies that he does not
know, that he is seeking information, and he
makes it general because he has nothing specific.
But when the imputation is now made that there
has been a long-standing abuse, that we have been
keeping upon the pay-roll men who have not been
performing duties, it is a serious charge; and the
explanation the Senator makes, that he offered
the resolution nearly two years ago, or more than
a year ago, carries the further implication that
these abuses did exist, and that they were known
to exist, and that they were smothered until the
last two days of the session, when a change of
parties was about to take place. It carries the
implication of a smothering or covering of it up;
and I do not hesitate to declare my conviction that
there has never been a time in this body, no mat-
ter what party was in power, when it would have
sanctioned an abuse,of that kind, or concealed it
a moment after it had been called to its attention.
I think, therefore, we ought to know the extent,
the length and breadth of thisabuse. And, as the
Senator from New Hampshire has given notice
that he will probe it to the bottom next winter, I
hope he will be prompt in doing so, and let us
know the whole length and breadth of it, and have
all these abuses corrected, and we shall then find
what the economical standard is to be in arrang-
ing the officers of the Senate and its expenditures.
I think the Senator will find that, when ho comes
into the majority, he will be very apt to do a great
many things that he complained of while he was
m the minority. I think he will find that long
habits of complaint in a minority are very incon-
venient when the power changes hands, and you
take the responsibility; and you will then find it
necessary to do just what you have denounced
others for doing. 1 have never known parties to
change from minorities to majorities, that did not
find themselves crippled very much by their cries
of abuses and their promises of reform. There
may be abuses, and I think there are, that ought
to be corrected; but I do not think the general
charge is quite fair. A specific one should be
made, and then proved and remedied.
Mr. FOSTER. I ask leave to offer a resolu-
tion.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Two others are pending now,
I believe.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It can be con-
sidered only by unanimous consent.
Mr. HALE. Let us have a vote on this first.
Mr. FOSTER. I trust that the resolution I
have offered may be read for information.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will be read
for information.
The Clerk read it, as follows:
Resolved, That the Senate will adjourn without day at a
quarter before four o'clock this afternoon.
Mr. DOUGLAS. We have a committee wait-
ing on the President, I believe, who have not re-
ported, and I apprehend it would not be courteous
to them to adopt this resolution now.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the resolution of the Senator from Illinois,
[Mr. Trumbull.]
Mr. BRIGHT. My long service here has ren-
dered me somewhat familiar with the officers and
their duties; and if there is any such abuse as is
referred to by the Senator from New Hampshire,
it has escaped my notice. I never heard before
that we had any persons drawing pay who are not
actually in our employ. If there are cases of that
kind, I apprehend none of our officers are to blame,
but that it has been at the instance or urgent solicit-
ation of some Senator or Senators. If there be
such cases, there have, I suppose, been substi-
tutes appointed, who are performing the service
which the principal was required to perform. I
apprehend there has been no serious abuse in any
of the respects inquired about by the Senator from
New Hampshire, or my honorable friend from
Tennessee, [Mr. Johnson,] who is very vigilant
and careful in such matters, and who has been at
the head of the committee that properly Lad charge
of this subject, would have corrected them. I
should like to hear from him, as to whether he
thinks there is anything to complain of, or whether
there is any officer to blame for anything that has
been done.
Mr. JOHNSON. The resolution upon which
this report was made was introduced on the 18th
of June last, but a short time before the adjourn-
ment of Congress. From the 18th to the 25th of
June, the day on which Congress adjourned, the
committee had not time to act on it, and hence
it went over to the session which has just closed.
It will thus be seen that there has been no great
loss of time or delay, so far as the committee's
action on this resolution is concerned; and when
the report of the committee is read, it will be seen
that every single inquiry contained in the resolu-
tion has been fully answered.
As to the abuses referred to by the Senator
from New Hampshire, the committee was not
cognizant of them. The Senator does not say
that the services required to be performed by those
individuals who it is now assumed are absent
upon other business and whose duties are said to
be performed by others, are not necessary; but the
committee was not cognizant of any such facts,
and does not know of any case of the kind referred
to by the Senator.
As I have said, every requirement of the reso-
lution has been complied with; but the Senator
has put the stress of his argument upon this clause
of the report:
" And by authority of the committee, a laborer at $1 20
per day ; and, during the session only, a page to assist the
account clerk, at the same pay as those in the Senate Cham-
ber, namely : .~-:i 50 pel day."
This is an enormous discovery that the Sena-
tor has made! The only thing he finds fault with,
or seeks to throw a doubt over, is the exercise of
the power of employing a laborer, at $1 20 a day,
and a page while Congress is in session, to wait
upon members, to run backwards and forwards
with drafts from the account-clerk's room to this
Chamber, at §2 50 a day. It seems to me that
the Senator has omitted to look at the large ex-
penditures of the Government, where there may
be just cause for complaints of extravagance, and
he has got down to the wafers—the little details.
The committee felt, as they believed they had the
