564
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 25,
An act (H. R. No. 132) to remove the United
States arsenal from the city of St. Louis, and to
provide for the sale of the lands on which the same
fs located; and a joint resolution (H. R. No. 43)
giving the assent of Congress to certain acts passed,
or to be passed, by the Legislatures of the States
of Arkansas, Louisiana, and Texas, or any two
of them, in relation to the raft of Red river, and
for other purposes; severally, with amendments,
in which he was directed to ask the^ concurrence
of the House.
Also, informing the House that the President
had notified that body that he had approved and
signed bills of the following titles:
An act (S. No. 376) for the relief of Major Ben-
jamin Alvord, paymaster United States Army;
and an act (S. No. 398) for the relief of Samuel
R. Franklin.
TIIE CRISIS.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ten-
nessee [Mr. Nelson] is entitled to the floor on
the special order; and he will now proceed with
his remarks.
- Mr. NELSON addressed the House for an hour.
[His speech will be published m the Appendix.]
Mr. LEAKE obtained the floor.
Mr. GROW. I think the gentleman's time has
not expired. He has been interrupted.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair lias
allowed the gentleman five minutes' extension of
time.
Mr. GROW. I think he has been interrupted
more than that.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman
does not claim any more time.
Mr. CURTIS. The gentleman will claim it,
if it is accorded to him. I ask that he may have
ten minutes more.
Mr. VALLAND1GHAM. I think the inter-
ruptions extended over more than ton minutes.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman
will proceed, if theie be 110 objection.
Mr. NELSON. 1 had intended to address the
House some little time longer; but I will notpress
my remarks upon the House at this time. And
while 1 thank those gentlemen who have been
willing to accord me the privilege of proceeding,
I will forego making those remaiks 1 so much
desired to make m regard to the preservation of
the Union of the States
Mr. LEAKE. We have fallen upon evil times.
But yesterday, as it were, and there was not a
solitary gentleman, a member of this House,
not a citizen of the then United States of Amer-
ica, who could not have boasted that,m the face
of the world, he belonged to a country whose flag
was an ample guarantee of all his rights; and
that, in all sections of the world, that flag earned
with it a passport to respect in the eyes of all for-
eign officials. But yesterday, and our country was
floating in the full tide of successful experiment.
In nil branches of its industry, it was unusually
prosperous and extraordinarily happy. There
was nothing, as far as human ken could see, to
mar the prospect which a brilliant future seemed
to ofler to the history of this great and this glo-
rious country. Hut now, Mr. Speaker, how
changed the picture ! We are no longer sailing
upon this gieat ocean of prosperity to a haven of
successful reposcand an eminent prosperity. Wo
arc involved in the horrors of a revolution,and
civil convulsion, which, whatever may be its le-
sult, portends mischief, permanent, enduring,
and irreparable, to one section or the other, or to
one of the many sections of this glorious Confed-
eracy.
it becomes us, then, surrounded by these diffi-
culties, to pause, in order to inquire, for a single
moment at least, why it is that this blight has so
suddenly come overall the prospects of this coun-
try; that we should pau.se to inquire, for a mo-
ment, what causes are we to look to for results so
unexpected but a brief year since? I know we
shall differ in the different sections of the Con-
federacy. 1 know well that, on the one section or
the other will be chained the evils which have
fallen upon us. J know well thatthatevil is upon !
us; and I- for one, am accepting it as a fact, I
Miid dealing with it as jsuch, whoever may be to '
btame. But whence comes it1 1 cannot say, nor
can any man upon thin floor; leu;jt of nil can any
member of th<• Republican party of this House,
or of this country, say rh.it he has hot had pre-
monitions of the storm which hay now Durst in
all its fury upon the devoted head of this country.
Warning upon warning has been given. States-
man after statesman, for long years, has raised
his voice and told you that there were dangers,
deep, serious, and irreparable, ahead, which, if
not warded off, would ultimately result in pre-
cisely the state of things which we are now in.
They have been unheeded. The Republican
party—that party which has lately swept into
power, overriding all that was dear and sacred in
theConstitution,the laws, and history—that party
has seen the breakers ahead for long years past;
nay, more, not only did these breakers lift their
heads above the surrounding waters, but we, of
the South, had erected our light-houses to warn
you of the dangers. You heeded not the warn-
ing; you headed your ship upon the rocks; and
now, when the old ship of State has gone to pieces
upon the rocks, and is floating in broken fragments
upon the dread ocean of public opinion, you de-
mand that we shall gather them up, and recon-
struct her in all her fair and majestic proportions.
Sir, it cannot be done. You have wrecked the
ship, and you arc entitled to no salvage; at least,
we of the South are unwilling to pay it.
Now, sir, upon what ground is it that I come to
this conclusion ? Mr. Speaker, there have been
crimination and recrimination upon all sides of this
Hall. Gentlemen from the non-slaveholding
States have charged upon the South that we are
the cause of all the mischicf which has come upon
us. We, of the South, have charged back upoji
them that the true source of all the evil is in the
very organization which now constitutes the dom-
inant party of this country, so far as the popular
will seems to be concerned. Where lies the truth?
Sirs, our Government, in its earlier, its purer, its
happier, and its better days, did encounter ques-
tions which were in conflict with the very insti-
tutions under which we live, and which it was
necessary to settle in order to secure the peace,
the prosperity, and the happiness of the country.
We had the alien and sedition laws; wc had the
question of war with Great Britain,when one whole
section arrayed itself against the Union; we had
the tarilfacts of 1828 and 1833. Ail those ques-
tions we settled; not, perhaps, in the manner
which my conscience approved; and yet, they
were so settled as to secure the peace, if not the
prosperity of the country. Whence sprung this
difficulty1* Where was its origin? From 1788
down to 1810-20, we had no controversy upon
this subject of slavery. There was no serious
difficulty, his very true that, in 1797, a member
from Massachusetts proposed to restrict slavery
in the Territory of Mississippi; but another mem-
ber, long since .gone to his reward, (Mr. Otis,)
opposedit; and the proposition was rejected. We
had no serious difficulty, I repeat, until Missouri
applied for admission into the Confederacy, as a
free, sovereign,and equal member of this glorious
galaxy of States. How, then, did this difficulty
originate>
Sir, let me premise, at this point, by saying—
what has often been said upon this floor as a part
of the history of the country, and is therefore not
to be controverted—that, at the formation of this
Government, every State but one was a slavehold-
ing State; and that, at the time of the Declaration
of Independence, every State was a slaveholding
State. And yet, in 1820, owing to the magna-
nimity and liberality of the. South, and particu-
larly of Virginia, you had gathered strength
enough upon the floor of this very body to in-
terpose a restriction, not only upon southern
rights, but equally upon the rights of sovereign
States which might thereafter be admitted into the
Union, Mr. JeiTeison deelaied that the k< Mis-
souii restriction came upon him like a fire-bt 11 in
the dead of night"—language expressive of the
profound peace, calm, and repose in which the
country then was, when the North sprang this
question of ill omen upon the people of the South.
There is the source of all the mischief under
which this country now labors.
Sir, my colleague from the Norfolk district, [Mr.
Millsox,] whom I do not see now in his seat,
declared, in the able and eloquent speech which
he delivered two or thiee days since, that every
question between the North and the South had
been settled in favor of the South; although, he
added, thai while we got the principle, they got
the substance. My friend from Missouri, here,
says wo got the shadow. It was less than the
shadow. We got the principle? When did we get
it? In the Missouri question? 1 know that when
it was proposed to interpose an anti-slavery qual-
ification as a condition of the admission of Mis-
souri, it was compromised. But how compro-
mised? By agreeing to draw an imaginary line
through the then territory of the United Slates,
and positively prohibiting slavery in all that part
of the territory north of that line, while that part
south might come in with or without slavery, as
the people of the Territory themselves might pre-
scribe when they applied for admission into the
Union. How was that controversy settled in fa-
vor of the South? On the contrary, it was, as I
said just now, the source of all the ills under which
this country labors. It was settled against the
South; because then the right of Congress to in-
terdict slavery in the Territories was conceded by
an act of this body. You assumed jurisdiction
over the question at that time, and have recognized
it since, whenever it has been necessary, in your
opinion, to exercise it.
But, Mr. Speaker, I appeal to my colleague
again upon a point on which I am inclmcd to
think he will agree with me when he understands
what I mean. I am willing to take this question
upon his own basis, and to argue it upon the
idea that, so far as the action of tiiis Government
is concerned, every question has been settled in
favor of the South; and I am forced to come to a
conclusion diametrically opposite to the one at
which my distinguished and respected colleague
arrived in his argument. Admit that we have all
the guarantees that the Constitution can give us,
and that we have settled every controversy that
has risen, so far as this Government can settle it,
in favor of the South; and yet we know that the
South is now the oppressed section, and that wc
havo not derived one solitary jot or tittle of ben-
efit from the settlements of which my colleague
so proudly boasts. The question has been settled
practically and morally against us. The Govern-
ment has utterly failed in the great end and object
of iis creation; and the southern people have been
entirely deprived of those rights which I know
my colleague wants, which I want, and which the
South demands. It has failed—utteily failed;
your legislation is worthless; your compromises
are not worth the paper upon which they are
written. I repeat, that the experiment is a failure;
and when the people of my section of this coun-
try wish to derive adequate protection for their
rights from the Government and the Constitution,
and the laws made in pursuance thereof, then, sir,
Virginia holds the remedy in the hollow of her
hand; and I tell you that she will apply it in the
manner she may deem best for her own good.
Mr. MILLSON. Will my colleague allow me
to interrupt him ?
Mr. LEAKE. Certainly, sir.
Mr. MILLSON. I want to correct an error.
He is answering an argument I never mad?. I
never did say that every question had been set-
tled in favor of the South. I said that the present
territorial question, involving the right to carry
slaves into the Territories, had been settled in
favor of the South; settled by the repeal of the
Missouri restriction, to which my colleague has
referred'; settled by the Constitution and by the
Supreme Court; and if we have derived no benefit
from it, it is only because we have no slaves to
carry into the Territories, and no territory suita-
ble for them.
Mr. LEAKE. I think that if my colleague
will read the written report of his speech, which
I read very carefully last night—and I may say
that I heard every word he uttered—he will find
there excuses for the misapprehension (for 1
doubt not there is misapprehension) into which
I have fallen. I know he will not suspect me of
a disposition to misrepresent him.
Mr. MILLSON. Certainly not.
Mr. LEAKE. The argument comes back to
the same point; but I must pass rapidly from it,
because I have other matters to deal with. Let
me say here that it strikes me that this whole con-
troversy is even now not well understood by the
people of either section of the country. I know
well that certain legislation on the part of northern
States is constantly referred to, and certain action
upon the part of this Government; and I know
' also that the question has been again and again
asked—a question which was answered in his
;! way by my colleague from the Norfolk district—
