1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
authority, that it would be for the convenience of
the Senate to have a page to attend during the
sitting of Congress; and they have ventured, be-
sides, to incur the enormous expense of employ-
ing a laborer, at $1 20 per day ! That is a tre-
mendous complaint! I think it is a pretty serious
charge against the committee !
Now, Mr. President, a word as to those abuses
which are alleged to exist. The committee has
had a good deal more trouble in some quarters,
on other questions, than it has had as to the em-
Eloyment of a laborer that was needed about this
uilding at $1 20 a day, and the employment of a
little page at $2 50, to wait on the Senate and fa-
cilitate its business. If Senators themselves were
as strict, and as exact, and as economizing, where
they have privileges in reference to these little
matters, we should not be complaining so much
about pages and laborers. I will not say, I will
not even insinuate, that this committee has in-
curred the displeasure of any Senator on this floor,
because it would not authorize the purchase of
some articles that the committee thought rather
extravagant. I will make no allusion of that sort.
It may be perfectly right for Senators to come
forward and ask the Committee on Contingent
Expenses to make heavy and extravagant orders
for costly articles; but it is a very great offense
to employ a little page at $2 50 a day, to wait on
Senators, and a laborer at §1 20 a day; and there
are grave doubts as to the authority of the com-
mittee to exercise so extraordinary a power ! I
think the Senator has certainly run out of mate-
rial, for he is usually very prolific, both in wit and
argument, in regard to anything which he sets
his hand to; but I think he is pretty near run out
in this case. The report was made ingoodfaith,
I know. 1 can speak for the other two members
of the committee.
This committee has really very little power. All
these offices are created by law; the pay of the
officers is fixed by law; their accounts are made
out and sent to the committee. It is a more me-
chanical, automatic operation to pass upon the
accounts and direct the payment.
In reference to the three messengers that the
Sergeant-at-Arms says in his letter may be dis-
pensed with, that is based on the consideration
that laborers may be employed to do what they
do. If you dismiss them, laborers must be em-
ployed in their places; if you retain them,you will
not have to employ the laborers; and that is all
there is in this question. The report complies
literally with everything that the Senator required
in his resolution. If he knew of those things that
he has referred to to-day, it would have been
proper for him to call the attention of the com-
mittee to them. The committee was not cogni-
zant of them, and simply reported the facts as they
were understood to be.
Mr. HALE. It is very easy, when wc point
out one of these little things, to say there are
greater ones that we have not touched. That is
very true. I have no doubt of it. I should not
have brought this matter up at this session, had
it not been for the movement oF the honorable
Senator from Illinois. When I looked this report
over, I did think there was a looseness m the ad-
ministration of the contingent fund that ought to
be rectified. I see that there is not only this laborer
in the Secretary's officcat $1 20 a day,and e page
at $2 50 a day; but, on looking on the second
page of the report, T find that the Sergeant-at-Arms
employs, " by authority of this committee, five
laborers, at $1 50 per day, each, three of whom
are employed nil the year, and the rest during the
session only." I do not know that they are not
necessary; I do not suggest that they are not
necessary; I do not say that the force is not en-
tirely inadequate; but I do say that it is a loose
administration of the fund to let any committee
employ five or six laborers at any expense at all,
when, if they are necessary, I think the proper
remedy is a resolution of the Senate.
Mr. JOHNSON. Let me say to the Senator
that the Sergeant-at-Arms is authorized to em-
ploy laborers.
Mr. HALE. I only read the report as it is
given. I do not know anything beyond that.
After stating the employes of the Sergeant-at-Arms
under the resolution of the Senate, the report says
that he has also, " by authority of this commit-
tee, five laborers, at §1 50 a day." That is what
the report says. It does not say that they are
employed by virtue of any resolution, any law,
or anything of that sort, but " by authority of
this committee."
Now, I beg ray friend from Tennessee not to
allow himself to be disturbed in the slightest de-
gree by the idea that I mean to impeach his integ-
rity or his fairness in anything. I will say, sir,
before his face, what I would say elsewhere, that
I never met a man m my life who impressed me
with the idea of more perfect integrity in every
position in which I have found him than the Sen-
ator from Tennessee.
Mr. RICE. Politically?
Mr. HALE. Yes, sir, politically. I believe
him to be an honest man politically, and I believe
he is too honest politically to keep company with
some other of my friends a great while longer.
[Laughter.] I beg leave, therefore, to disclaim
anything personal to him; and I am sorry that it
has got so now that wc cannot call attention to
these things without having them run into person-
alities; and last, and least of all, should the Sen-
ator from Tennessee make anything of that sort
on me, when I look upon him as the Aristidesof
Athens in this community and in this country;
and if his constituents ever get tired of him they
will get tired of him for the same reason that the
Athenians got tired of Aristides—because they
were tired of hearing him called " the just." That
is what I have to say to the matter which is per-
sonal.
Mr. JOHNSON. I did not intend to indulge
in anything personal at all. If the Senator will
remember, there was a resolution passed by the
Senate, on the recommendation of the committee,
which dispensed with a certain number of mes-
sengers, whose places were not to be filled until
the Senate so directed. Laborers, at a smaller sal-
ary, ate employed in their places. Beforeemploy-
ing them, the committee have always inquired of
the Sergeant-at-Arms if their labor was needed or
not; and if it was needed, they were employed;
and then, when their accounts were made out, the
committee audited them.
Mr. HARLAN. The Senator from Minne-
sota desired to know the name of the person to
whom I alluded. I have recently learned that his
name is Jameson, and that he has traveled some
two years in Europe, arid is now reading law in
Maryland; and a young man fiom Iowa is serv-
ing in his stead at forty dollars a month.
Mr. HALE. What salary is lie down at?
Mr. HARLAN. Twelve hundred dollars a
year.
Mr. HALE. That is a pretty good specula-
tion.
Mr. POLK. I am very sorry, for one, that
these facts have not been made known to the Sen-
ate before. As was said by the Senator from Illi-
nois, I doubt whether there is a man m the Senate
who would not at once vote for applying the cor-
rective. This is painful intelligence to me—very
much so. The Senate, it seems, is in the position
of having persons employed, to whom it pays
$1,200 a year, who are farming out the service to
other men, who do it at forty dollars a month;
and a gentleman, who is getting $1,200 a year, is
traveling in Europe part of the time, and study-
ing a profession the rest of the time. When any
Senator had a hint of such abuses as these, I am
sorry that they were not immediately brought to
the attention of the body; and I regret that it is
too late in the session now, as I fear it is, for us
to correct the abuse; but I hope it will be cor-
rected at the very commencement of the next ses-
sion, as soon as the correction can be made. I
take the occasion to say here, that I hope this
whole matter will be inquired into. In the con-
dition m which the country is, especially, I think
it is not only just and proper, but actually neces-
sary, that no needless expenditures be counte-
nanced, much less continued; and I believe the
sentiment of the Senate, on both sides of the Chafft-
ber, will be to correct the abuses. I have not the
least doubt of it. For one, I know that I am not
only willing, but anxious, to do it.
Mr. HARLAN. The adoption of this resolu-
tion will correct the abuse, because the Sergeant-
at-Arms would, doubtless, strike this man's name
from the roll. If you empower lum to remove
three, this would be one of the three, I have no
doubt.
Mr. BRIGHT. Let-the resolution be reajl
again. .
The resolution was read. <-
Mr. BRIGHT. I think it would be bette^to
modify the resolution in such a way as to dismiss
the persons referred to by the Senator from New
Hampshire, who are not here in person^ but are
here by substitute.
Mr. HALE. If the honorable Senator will
allow me, the Sergeant-at-Arms has the authority,
now to make these removals, giving the rcasonp
in writing to the Vice President. He has power
to do it in the vacation without any resolution of
the Senate.
Mr. B&IGHT. Then what is the object of
the resolution before the Senate?
Mr. HALE, I will read the letter of Mr.
McNair, if the Senator pleases:
Senate Chambkr, February 27,1861.
Sir: In answer to your inquiry as to whether anyone
employed under my direction may not be dispensed with
"without detriment to the public servicc," and also whether
there are not abuses which require " reform and amend-
ment,51 I have the honor to s-tale that, in my opinion, the
employment of three messengers, now employed, may be
dispensed with during the recess of Congress, provided au-
thority be given mc, in case of any umoreseen emergency,
to employ laborers. This, X respectfully trust, is an answer
to the whole inquiry.
Very respectfully, D. It. McNAIR,
Sergcayit-at-jirms United States Senate.
Hon. Andrew Johnson, Chairman Committee to Jiudit
and Control the Contingent Expenses of the Senate.
Mr. RICE. As there will boa general clearing
out here at the commencement of the next ses-
sion, I am opposed to the passage of this resolu-
tion, commencing down at two or three messen-
gers, at the lowest point. I suppose there will be
occasion at the next session to commence high
up, take them all in rotation, clean them all out,
and then perhaps you can get men more compe-
tent, though I do not think so. One man then
may answer the purpose of three or four that you
have now. I shall ask for a division on this res-
olution, confident that it cannot pass.
Mr. HALE. It is very hard to hit at the right
place. There was a resolution introduced the
other day aimed at the Sergeant-at-Arms. He
was too high; he had too much patronage under
him; it was said, " if you remove him, there will
be a general sweep." We struck too high that
time. Now we have begun down at the messen-
gers, and wc have struck too low. Will the Sen-
ator from Minnesota indicate a place where we
can hit that would not be objectionable'
Mr. RICE. I would if I thought the other side
would ever get right; but I have no hope of that,
and therefore I decline to point out any particular
coursc.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the resolution.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I suggest to my colleague
whether he had not better modify his resolution, so
as to make it imperative on the Sergeant-at-Arms
to strike from the pay-roll persons who do not
perform their duties in person.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have no objection to
doing that. The resolution, as introduced by me-*
was merely to conform to the suggestion of the
Sergeant-at-Arms. 1 do not know anything in
reference to the cases to which my colleague al-
ludes.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I suggest to my colleague to
add to his resolution these words:*
And that he be directed to strike from the pay-roll all
persons who do not poiform the duties of their office.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I accept thatamendnient.
Mr. BRIGHT. That was the suggestion X
made; but it is useless to make it or to put any
question; for there is no quorum present, and the
Senator from Minnesota has notified us that he
will call for a division.
Mr. GRIMES. I should like to know why
the proposition of the Senator from Illinois [Mr.
Douglas] should be adopted. I know, or at least I
suppose 1 know, of one very venerable gentleman
who is in the employment of the Senate, a very
deserving man. I have not felt it my duty to call
his case to the attention of the Senate. He is re-
ceiving the ordinary pay of a messenger. He
employs his son, I believe, or some other young
man, to perform the duties of his place. He thus
is suppoi ting himself and supporting his family—
supporting two families in the place of one. Now,
why turn him out, when he does, or causes to be
