566
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 25,
The fact that young Brown and Mirriam were not
in Virginia when it is alleged they committed the
crime, is admitted. They were and had been in
Ohio. Their alleged presence is merely a con-
structive presence. The evidence was, that they
had never left the soil of Ohio. Sir, this claim
of constructive presence, when attempted to be
carried out as in this case, is one of the most in-
human and barbarous practices that ever was ori-
ginated. There is not a civilized code in the world
that would recognize the right of a State to pun-
ish a man for a crime not committed within its
jurisdiction, theperson himself never having been
within its jurisdiction. No State would allow a
man to be punished outside of its jurisdiction, if
the crime was committed within it. Yet, this is
the very case about which so much trouble has
been made.
Mr. CLEMENS. I desire to ask the gentle-
man from Ohio this question: whether there was
not, in the case referred to, accompanying the in-
dictment, the affidavit of Andrew Hunter and
others, of the county of Jefferson, in the State of
Virginia, swearing that these two men for whom
the requisition was given were at Harper's Perry
at the time John Brown invaded the State of Vir-
ginia?
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not think so.
Mr. COX. That was the fact.
Mr. CLEMENS. Yes, sir-, there accompanied
that indictment the affidavits of the prosecuting
attorney of Virginia for the county of Jefferson,
and of others, that these men were at Harper's
Ferry at the time of the John Brown raid.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then I can only say that
the affidavit was certainly untrue, because it was
admitted on all hands that these men had not been
within the jurisdiction of Virginia.
Mr. FOtFKE. If the gentleman will allow mc,
I will state right here that I have before me the
statute governing the ease under which this requi-
sition was drawn, by which it appears that all
that is necessary is to present a certified copy of
the indictment, or an affidavit taken before some
court of competent jurisdiction in the State from
which the fugitive has escaped, to require the sur-
render of the fugitive from justice by the Governor
of the State to which he has escaped.
Mr. SHERMAN. One more remark. I de-
sire to say that Virginia shall have no cause to
dissolve the Union in regard to the surrender of
fugitives from justice. I will only repeat what I
said the other day: that when a citizen of Ohio
goes into the State of Virginia, that citizen must
obey the laws, and even the police regulations of
Virginia; but I, for one, am not willing to see
citizens of Ohio carried out of their own State,
charged with constiuctivo presence and construc-
tive crimes within the jurisdiction of another
State. If a citizen of one State goes into another,
he must obey the laws; and if he violates them,
he ought to be punished.
Mr. COX. 1 am very glad this discussion has
arisen, because I believe it has shown that there
will be considerable unanimity 011 both sides of
the House in voting for one of the propositions
of the committee of thirty-three. I was about
to remark that the act of Congiess only provided
for a copy of the indictment to accompany the
requisition, or, as an alternative, for an affidavit
to accompany it. In the Iowa case, there was
an affidavit; m this case there was a copy of the
indictment; and I am assured, and I assure gen-
tlemen of the fact, that these men were aetunlly,
not constructively, m the State, of Virginia. How
any other evidence got before the Executive of the
State of Ohio, I do not know. This discussion
tends to bring these things to light, and to provide
a remedy for such difficulties 111 future. I believe
there was cause of complaint on the part of Vir-
ginia against Ohio. For one, I am for a remedy;
and I am glad that my colleague is also for a
remedy.
Mr. LEAIyE. Mr. Speaker, I have only two
replies to make to the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Sheusian.] One is simply to read the first section
of the statute upon this subject, which I will now
proceed to do, and show you that I have the law
and the testimony upon my side:
£' He it eiutded,$c., That whenevei the executive autllor-
ity of any rftdte in the Union, or of eithci of the Tcnitoiies
northwest or south of the river Ohio, shall demand any per-
son as a furtive f om justice, of the executive authoiityof
.«t:v such St.ueoi Termory to whirl) such person shall have
ded. and shall niXiteovei pioduee the copy of an indictment
fotihd, or an affidavit made before a magistrate of any State
or Territory aforesaid, charging the person so demanded
with having committed treason, felony, or other crime, cer-
tified as" authentic by the Governor or chief magistrate of
the State or Territory from whence the person so charged
fled, it shall he the duty of the executive authoiity of the
State or Territory to which such person shall have fled, to
cause him or her to be arrested and secured; and notice of
the arrest to be given to the executive authority making
such demand, or to the agent of such authority appointed
to rceeive the fugitive, and to cause the fugitive to be de-
livered to such agent when he shall appear: but if no such
agent shall appear within six months fiom the time of the
arrc t, the pmonermay bo discharged. And all costs or
expenses incuri ed m the apprehending, securing, and trans-
milting such fugitive to the State or Territory making such
demand, shall be paid by such State oi Teiritory."
Now, sir, I say, that it appears that a certified
Vopy of the indictment was presented. But I
have another reply to make to the gentleman from
Ohio, to which I invite his especial attention. 1
understand him to take the position—and I do not
undertake to argue this point, for I was merely
putting together certain facts as the basis of the
conclusion I am trying to get to—I invite his at-
tention to this consideration. He thinks that these
men must, undoubtedly, have been in Virginia
where the crime was perpetrated, before the Gov-
ernor of Virginia would be authorized to make a
requisition on the Governor of Ohio to deliver the
men up. I demand of that gentleman, if he means
to state that a man in the State of Ohio may plot
the murder of a family in Virginia by poison, may
procure that poison himself, send by his agent to
Virginia, and administer it to the family, whereby
the death of all takes place. Does he dare say
that, under the comity of the States and the laws
of the United States, that man in Ohio isnot to be
delivered up to Virginia to answer for his offense ?
Mr. SHERMAN. I take pleasure in saying
that, in such a case as that, Ohio would punish
the miscreant who should dare conspire against
the life of any man in Virginia.
Mr. LEAKE. I would to God that Ohio
would punish her miscreants; but when we have
upon our own record the evidence that two crim-
inals concerned in the Harper's Ferry raid,prima
facic evidence, at least, and sufficient for all the
purposes of the Constitution and laws, who have
been by the action of that Suite shielded from
punishment, the gentleman will pardon me if,
after that, \vc have some hesitation in trusting
the State of Ohio.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I agree with the
gentleman from the Mansfield district ofmy State,
[Mr. Sherman,] that Ohio would punish, and
severely punish, the miscreant who would be
guilty of the o (Tense to which he has alluded; but
it is true, also, that the Republican party of Ohio,
in the Senate, did last winter vote down the bill
drawn up by the most eminent lawyer of the State
to punish parties to just such conspiracies.
Mr. MAYJJARD. If my friend will permit
me, I will give an example, illustrating the posi-
tion which Ije has taken.
Mr. LEAKE I yield to the gentleman, with
the understanding that the time he takes up shall
be allowed me. [Cries of "Agreed!"]
Mr. MAYiSTARD. A band of miscreants con-
spired to go over into Virginia a few years since,
to rob a poor widow of a few hundred dollars of
money, the price of a small piece of land—all the
property she had. A portion of them wentover,
perpetrated the crime, got the money, and brought
it with them into Tennessee. They divided it
among themselves. The larger and more guilty
portion had never been in the State of Virginia at
all; and yet, 1 need not say that upon the de-
mand of Virginia they were all promptly surren-
dered up for punishment to that State.
Mr. LEAKE. Of course,we all know that
Tennessee has done and will do her duty.
Let us pass for a moment to the State of Iowa.
I must pause one instantto remind the House why
it is that I indulge in this course of remarks. I
want to show you, Mr. Speaker, and the House,
what underlies the controversy now going on.
The Governor of the State of Iowa—I forget his
name, and I would not know it for one dollar—the
Governor of the State of Iowa 
Mr. VANDEVER. I will ask the gentleman
to yield to me for a moment.
Mr. LEAKE. I will yield to the gentleman,
of course, if I have misrepresented him; but I
am not aware that I have referred to him at all.
Mr. VANDEVER. I have no doubt the gen-
tleman from Virginj i Ins not desired, and dues
not desire now, to do injustice to the Governor of
the State of Iowa, or th'e Governor of any other
State, notwithstanding he may not care to know
the name of the Governor of Iowa. He proposes,
as I understand him, to refer to Iowa in connec-
tion with a case similar to that which he has stated
against the State of Ohio. If he will permit me,
I wish to state at the threshold of his remarks,
before he may be betrayed into a mistaken theory
of the case he proposes to bring forward, what I
understand to be the real facts involved.
Mr. LEAKE. Why, rfty dear sir, I have not
stated the faetsofthe case myself yet, and I would
like to know how the gentleman can correct what
has not yet been said. [Laughter.] If I misun-
derstand or misrepresent the facts, I promise the
gentleman cheerfully to yield to him to make
whatever correction may be necessary. The House
know that I have never denied the privilege to any
memberduring the progress of any remarks I may
have submitted of making an explanation, and I
never will. I utterly abhor the hour rule, because
it destroys the legitimate ends and objects of debate
on this floor.
I was about to say this: that on a requisition
from the State of Virginia, the Governor of the
State of Iowa refused in a similar manner to the
Governor of the State of Ohio. His refusal was
based upon the merest, meanest, most pitiable,
and contemptible technicality—a technicality such
as even a petifogger in a county court would not
rest a case upon. He alleged some informality
in the authentication of the affidavit, and then
gave the criminal notice " to escape for his life—
to tarry not in all the plain, but flee to the mount-
ains"—before the Governor of Virginia could
provide a remedy.
Mr. VANDEVER. I understand that the gen-
tleman charges against the Governor of Iowa that
he refused to surrender a criminal upon the mere
pretext that the affidavit made before the notary
public was not duly authenticated. I admit that
that was one of the reasons assigned. Whether
it is frivolous or not, it is for this House and the
world to judge. I believe itis admitted by every
lawyer that the manner in which a notary public
authenticates bis acts is by his seal; and that, in
the absence of his seal, there is no authentication
whatever. If this is frivolous, then let the gen-
tleman so regard it. Another reason assigned by
the Governor of the State of Iowa in reference to
this matter was this: that the requisition was not
accompanied by the copy of any indictment or
by an affidavit made before a magistrate. That
may be involved in the first objection; but another
and still more fatal objection existed in the fact
that the affidavit which accompanied the requisi-
tion of the Governor of Virginia did not even
indirectly charge that any ofiense had been com-
mitted by the alleged criminal within the jurisdic-
tion of the State of Virginia. In that it was sim-
ilar to the case of Ohio. The requisition was
issued upon the affidavit of one Andrew Hunter,
of the State of Virginia, representing, upon in-
formation derived from persons in that State, who
had been tried, convicted, and executed for the
commission of great crimes, that this man in Iowa
had aided and abetted them. Aided and abetted
them-—where? In the State of Virginia? That
is not charged even inforentially. There is no
charge that the man had committed any offense
in the State of Virginia.
The gentleman charges another thing, and I do
not know upon what authority he makes the dec-
laration. He charges that the Governor of Iowa
gave the alleged criminal notice, so that he might
escape. Now Governor Kirkwood has himself
expiesaly declared that he gave no such notice
whatever; but it has been ascertained, beyond
the possibility of a doubt, that the messenger sent
with the requisition from the Governor of Vir-
ginia into Iowa, himself voluntarily gave inform-
ation publicly in regard to the nature of his errand.
He did that, sir, before he stated his mission to
the Governor of Iowa.
Mr. LEAKE. I do not want to take the floor
from the gentleman. I have yielded it to him, and
now ask him to permit me to make a statement,
that it may go in connection with the statement he
has just made. Doesnotthegentleman know that,
when the Governor of Virginia made the requisi-
tion upon the Governor of Iowa, the Governor of
Iowa published his letter m reply to Governor
L'-tchfr before sending that reply to the latter: In
