568
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 25,
miners of the Black Republican party, and pre-
pared flic way for that tremendous organization
which has at last marched, into power, strewing
its pathway with the broken columns and crum-
bling pillars of the Union. This sectional party
lias got into power. You have the control of this
Government. Your organization is based upon
the one idea of hostility to the South and to her
institutions. But, being forewarned, we should
be worse than fools not to be forearmed. We
are armed; and if there shall be any mad attempt
to coerce .us, may God defend the right! But we
want no war or bloodshed. You nave got the
control of the Government; you have won your
victory; but I warn you now that upon the 4th of
March next, instead of inaugurating the President
of a mighty Republic, you will instal a miserable
king of shreds and patches; and when installed,
instead of standing like a conqueror exultant upon
the field ofhis victory, he will sit like Caius Manus,
brooding amid the ruins of Carthage. He will
have exchanged the laurel for the cypress. In-
stead of shouting lo triumpe, you will chant your
jeremiads.
Mr. Speaker, time was when I looked forward to
a continuance of this Union—this glorious Union
as we call it—as the only means to preserve, to
perpetuate, to conserve the liberties of the great
and imperious people of these States. I did think
that the very mountains which grasp in their giant
embrace the sister States of this Confederacy
would to-day, in the eloquentand expressive lan-
fuage of nature, have proclaimed, that what God
imself had joined together should not be sun-
dered by petty politicians. But,ithas been done;
the ruin has been brought about; the mischief has
been consummated, and upon your heads, aS well
as ours, be the consequences. What is the rem-
edy? Sir, the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr.
Nelson,] if I understood him correctly, almost
ridiculed the idea of secession. Did it occur to that
amiable, most excellent, and talented gentleman,
that in denying the right of secession 
Mr. NELSON. Will the gentleman give way
to me for a moment?
Mr. LEAKE. I will, sir, if I can have my
time extended.
Mr. VAN WYCK. I object to that.
Mr. NELSON. I gave way, I think, to the
gentleman from Virginia, and it was not taken
out of my time.
Mr. LEAKE. If it is anything personal, ho
shall have the rest of my time. I yield to the
gentleman from Tennessee.
Mr. NELSON. Iam obliged to the gentleman
from Virginia for liis kindness in yielding the
floor to me, and I shall endeavor not to abuse his
courtcsy. What I have to say in regard to seces-
sion is this: it was condemned by Madison; it
was condemned by Jackson; it has been repudi-
ated by the fathers of the Republic. The doc-
trine of peaceable secession is inconsistent with
the Constitution, for the Constitution is 111 the
nature of a partnership between equal Stales; and
no one State has a right to destroy its obligation
without the consent of the others. Mr. Howell
Cobb, if I am not mistaken, also sustains the
doctrine which I have advocated here to-day.
Mr. LEAKE. The gentleman refers to the
venerated name of Madison, whose bones repose
cjuietly within twenty-five miles of my own res-
idence, but whose bones, I doubt not, would turn
over in the very grave at the use now made of
his authority. Ilis language has been quoted
again and again 011 the other side of the House.
Sir, I will do 110 injustice to the memory of that
pure patriot. A better man, a nobler statesman,
this country has never produced.
Mr. POTTLE obtained the iloor.
Mr. LEAKE. My time is not up.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the
gentleman from Virginia has expired.
Mr. McCLERNAND. The gentleman from
Virginia yielded to interruptions with the under-
standing that the time occupied by those interrup-
tions would be deducted from bis hour. I would
inquire if that deduction has been made?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman
from Virginia has been allowed twenty-five min-
utes extra time. His hour expired twenty-five
minutes a<^o.
Mr. LEAIvE. Will the House allow me ten
minutes more? I have voted to extend the time
of every gentleman who has desired it.
Mr. VANDEVER. I trust no gentleman on
this side of the House will object.
Mr. BURNETT. As the gentleman only asks
ten minutes, I hope there will be no objection to
allowing him that time.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Docs the Chair
hear any objection to the gentleman from Virginia
proceeding?
Mr. POTTLE. I desire to say that I obtained
the iloor upon the condition that I should not
yield it for an adjournment, but should go on
to-night. The gentleman from Virginia will see,
therefore, that I must either give way entirely,
and abandon the purpose of speaking, or go on
now.
Mr. LEAKE. I will agree that the gentleman
shall havo the floor in the morning. I will vote
to adjourn for his accommodation.
Mr. POTTLE. That would be inconsistent
with the understanding upon which I obtained the
floor. J
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gyftlcman
from New York will proceed. \f
Mr. POTTLE. Mr. Speaker, in ®time like
this, when the foundations of the Government are
shaken, and the spirit of revolution already em-
braces so large a portion of our country, 1 shall
try and avoid any and every expression calculated
to add to the madness of the hour. But in speak-
ing of the condition of the country, and of the
remedies brought before us to restore peace and
harmony,! believe it to be the duty of a member
of Congress to speak frankly, and in no double or
doubtful sense. The march of events which has
brought the country to its present position has
been so rapid thatthereis no time for dalliance with
smooth words. Sternly, and with a full sense of
the weight of his responsibility, each man now
takes his position, prepared to abide its conse-
quences, whatever they may bc.-
Five States have already, by their State author-
ities, severed their connection with the Govern-
ment and declared themselves out of the Union.
While active preparations aie making by other
States to follow their example, and the claim is
daily put forward here that unless the members
from the free States shall offer terms which shall
be acceptable to the southern or slave States, the
example of secession will, before the 4th of March,
be followed by all of these States. Nor have these
States stopped with the declaration of their seces-
sion from the Union. These declarations have
been followed, and in some cases preceded, by
armed defiance of the General Government. And
overt acts of wai, in tlie closing of their ports to
vessels bearing our flag; in seizing the property
of the Government; in firing upon a vessel near-
ing troops and stores to a Government fort; and in
the arrest and imprisonment of a citizen for trea-
son because he remained faithful to the Govern-
ment of the United States, leave no doubt of the
fact that, in open rebellion, they offer the plain
and straightforward alternative of war or com-
pliance with their demands.
Sir, I need hardly add, that citizens in this at-
titude, menacing the Government, with arms in
their hands, seem hardly to have left us in a posi-
tion—considering our obligations, by our oaths,
to support the Constitution of the United States—
to choose as to our course of action. They would
seem fairly to have forced upon us the issue of
successful rebellion on their part, or on ours such
a manifestation of the power of the Government
as shall recall them to their allegiance, and com-
pel them to seek for redress of grievances in the
ordinary way under the Constitution.
But, waiving all questions as to the propriety of
listening to terms from those whose bayonets am
leveled at our breasts, and whose cannon are
threatening the very Capitol in which we hold our
deliberations, I am willing to listen attentively to
all the complaints they have to make, and vote
for every redress to which they shall be enti-
tled.
Before attempting to satisfy our southern breth-
ren, we must first try and ascertain what these
grievances are of which they complain.
I have listened patiently from day to day; have
read the debates of this House and of the Senate;
and have also carefully read the reasons assigned
by the seceding States for these grievances; and
it appears to me that they all unite substantially
on one ground, and that was stated by the hon-
orable member from Missouri [Mr. Anderson]
in his speech the other day, in the following
words, which I quote:
" My section of the Union has never asked nor demanded
more than its constitutional rights. You surely do riot en-
tertain so contemptible an opinion of us as to suppose that
we will surrender them at your bidding, and thei eby make
ourselves inferiors in this Government. The majority of the
people of the free States have presumptuously, to say the
least of it, by the election of Mr. Lincoln, with the indorse-
ment of his views and principles, decided, as wc believe,
that we shall not have them; the southern people are un-
alterably determined that they will; if not in the Union,
then out of it."
This, then, is the cause for breaking upagreat
and successful Government, ingulfing the for-
tunes and lives of millions, and wiping out in
blood the history of the most favored nation upon
the globe. It is all put into one little sentence:
"Tne majority of the people of the free States
have presumptuously, to say the least of it," laid
down their platform of principles, and elected a
President.
If this means that a majority of the people of
the free States have been guilty of an infringe-
ment upon the-rights of the South, because, in a
peaceful and strictly constitutional manner, they
elected a President from their own section, then
the argumcntcomes substantially to this: the South
will remain in the Union so long ens it is allowed
to rule it; no longer. And the North will be con-
sidered as conceding to it its constitutional rights,
so long only as it consents to be thus governed.
Even in this view, I think the gentleman upon
reflection will agree that, one way or another, the
South has had this right, with but few and brief
interruptions, from the beginning of the Govern-
ment until the present time.
If the gentleman means, as I think he does,
that there is something in the principles of the
Republican party calculated to work a denial to
the South of its rights, it would have been fair, as
it certainly would have been more satisfactory, if
he had referred us to the dangerous plank in our
platform. As he bases all his arguments upon
matters growing out of the slavery question, I shall
take it for granted that it must be found, if any-
where, in that part of the creed of the Republican
party which relates to that institution. As the
four propositions contained in our platform upon
that subject are brief and explicit, I beg leave to
read them:
" That the maintenance, inviolate, of the rights of the
States, and especially the right of each State to order and
contiol its own domestic institutions aceoiding to its own
judgment exclusively, is essential to that balance of power
on which the perfection and endurance of our political fab-
ric depends; and we denounce the lawless invasion by
armed force of the soil of any State or Territory, no matter
under what pretext, as among the gravest of crimes.
" That the new dogma that the Constitution of its own
force carries slavery into anyor all of the Territories of the
United States, is a dangerous political heresy, at variance
with the explicit provisions of that instrument itselt, with
cotemporaneous exposition, and with legislative and judi-
cial precedent; is revolutionary in its tendency, and sub-
versive of the peace and harmony of the country.
"That the normal condition of all the territory of the
United States is that of freedom; that as our republican
father?, when they had abolished slavery in all our national
territory, ordained that 4 no person should be deprived of
lite, liberty, or property, without due process ot law,' it
bccomes our duty, by legislation, whenever such legisla-
tion is neccssnry, to maintain this provision of the Consti-
tution against all attempts to violate it; and we deny the
authority of Congress, ot aTeriitonal Legislature, oi of any
individuals, to give P.*gal existence to slavery in any Terri-
tory of the United States.
"That we biand the recent reopening of the African
slave trade, under the cover of our national flag, aided by
perversions of judicial power, as a crime against humanity,
and a burning shame to our country and age ; and we cail
upon Congress to take prompt and efficient measures for
the total and final suppression of that electable traffic."
That is all. The first, in favor of maintaining
the rights of the States inviolate, and of preventing
invasion of any-State or Territory. Second: that
the dogma that the Constitution, of its own force,
carries slavery into any Territory, is at variance
with the Constitution, with cotemporaneous ex-
position, and with legislative and judicial prece-
dent. Third: thatslavery not existingin a Ter-
ritory by force of the Constitution, it is not in the
power of Congress or of a Territorial Legislatuie
to give legal existence to it there. Fourth; op-
position to the reopening of the African slave
trade.
" The very head and front of our offending
Hath this extent, no more."
Forthe assertion of which of these is it that this
Government is to be broken into hostile sections,
and all the horrors of civil (perhaps servile)
war superadded?
