570
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 25,
when all the States but one were slave States?
.And now, after more than three quarters of a cen-
tury of domestic peace and unrivaled prosperity;
increasing- our population from four to thirty-one
million, extending our coramcrce to every sea,
and making our name respected by every people,
we are told that unless we will change the Con-
stitution which has wrought such results, ay,
and change it, too, so as to make it more pro-
slavery than slaveholders who were making it for
slave States made it, all this prosperity shall melt
away, and the great American Republic, " like the
baseless fabric of a dream dissolve into thin air,'1
or exiSt only for the purpose of illustrating the
^world's history with the red horrors of civil and
servile war.
Did you ask us not to take from you your rights
under this Constitution, then I could stand here
•and assure you of one, at least, who would heed
your request. I would defend your rights as my
own, and as I would my own. But never, sir,
never, while I have a voice or a vote to protest
-against it, will I consent to a changc of the Con-
stitution for such a purpose. If you wring this
compromise from the fears or the love of Union of
the North, it will not bring you peace. It will
only be the beginning of violence. The Govern-
ment once demoralized by yielding to menace
what, in sober judgment, it had just refused at
the ballot-box, every dissatisfied State or section
would ia turn threaten the Union, and right after
right would be yielded, until weakness* and anarchy
would at length compel us to change the name of
Republic for the substance of a government strong
enough to protect itself against the clamor of
jarring sections.
Bur, sir, were wo to submit to the people an
^amendment of the Constitution which would satis-
fy the gentleman from Missouri, would it satisfy
all other demands,and bring pence? No.
The Senator from Texas [Mr. Wig fall] makes
■exactions far beyond the power of any amend-
ment, even if you would allow him to draw it
himself. And the honorable member from the
same State, [Mr. Reagan,] m his speech the
oilier day, said:
" You all know that wo cannot, and dare not, livo in
this Union, will) our rights dented by the Republican party.
Its ascendency is ourdostiuetion; and, sir, us deduction
tins day is the only salvation for the Union."5
Well, sir, it would be asking much of a great
party, which had canvassed the country for six
years, and finally received a vurdict of indorse-
ment for principles as well understood as any
ever subjected to the ordeal of the ballot-box, to
give up its success, and lay its victorious banner
511 the feet of the vanquished, submitting itself to
utter destruction, its name never heard except
when uttered with scorn and contempt.
But, although I have deemed it a privilege to
contribute my humble labors to the success of this
party, I would, for one, consent to all this, if I
thought it would restore peace and prosperity to
this distracted land. It is because i believe the
only chance of the Union rests to-day upon the
principles of this party, it is because 1 believe its
only salvation depends upon the maintenance of
those principles, and that the rights of all sections
can only be secured by administering the Gov-
ernment upon them, that I cannot consent toaid
in the destruction of the Republican party. But
even the destruction of this party would not sat-
isfy oar southern brethren, unless accompanied
by guarantees that no other party should interfere
with southern domination. The Senator from
Alabama, [Mr. Clay,] in a recent letter, says of
the free States:
"They are the most bitter, relentless, and vindictive
enemies we have on earth." * * * * Ct()f
couise, we cannot live under the same Government with
these people, unless we could contiol it *'
Allow the South to govern this country, and
you would reach the real difficulty. And I respect-
fully submit to the compromise committee that,
unless their propositions willaccomplish this, they
have failed, I fear, to offer such a compromise or
concession—for it is all oil one side—as will be
found satisfactory.
Sir, for one, I shall vote against all propositions
changing the status of slavery under the Consti-
tution. I voted against the raising of the commit-
tee; and believe to-day that movement has con-
ti ibuted more to the present excitement in the
border slaves States than any and all others. I
looked upon it as inviting bids for terms upon
which they would stay in the Union; and I think
subsequent events have shown that they so un-
derstood it; and no compromise man should feel
disappointed at finding wnat they demand beyond
his power to give. The only question now seems
to be whether you can induce them to lower their
demands.
Sir, I shall leave this whole matter to be settled
by those who opened proposals, and I wash my
hands of all part or lot in the matter. I am ready
to give any and all guarantees that are within our
power that the constitutional rights of all sections
shall be observed,not merely in the letter, but in
the spirit; also, I seek no evasion of them myself,
nor do the people for whom I speak. We have been
compromising for forty years, and what has it
availed? Shall we continue to try remedies that
have only aggravated the disease?
It is said, "if we vote against compromises,
wc vote for war." I sayno. We vote for peace;
we want peace; we offer you your lights under
the Constitution as it is—rights -which secure you
greater blessings than you will ever find under
any other constitution or in any other union.
And we beg of you, in God's name, to accept of
peace now, while we can offer it. We beg of you,
by all the memories of the past, by all the hopes
of the future, by your reverence for the memories
of the dead, and your love of your children, to
reconsider your hasty and rash resolves, and to
unite with us again, your hands around the Con-
stitution of our country, and join in renewed
oaths to maintain it forever. We can even now,
by our common devotion, wipe out or forget the
stam which our broils have brought upon our
nag.
It is idle to shut our eyes to the fact that we are
fast drifting beyond the point of reconciliation.
It would be worse than idle, it would be cowardly,
not to prepare to meet this question squarely.
Let no man dcccive himself with the idea that this
Government will ,{die and make no si^n;" that
it will be broken up and no strugglemadc to pre-
serve it. It is no summer cloud that hangs over
us to-day. Thcgentlemanfiom Texas [Mr. Rea-
gan] tells us that if war comes they " will show
us how brave men can die." I do not doubt it;
and 1 tell the gentleman, in reply, that he knows
little of the North if he thinks the example will
be thrown away upon us. Sus,youdo injustice
to our common ancestry if you doubt that we too
can meet the shock of battle upon equal terms
with you in this respect. Who doubts the cour-
age of either section ?
Surely we do not need to plunge the country in
war to settle this question. Are we not the sons of
those who, in the old days, upon a hundred battle-
fields, proved their common valor upon a common
foe? Do not the bones of our brothers lie bleach-
ing together upon the frontier and upon the plains
of Mexico? Nay, are not many of those among
us who escaped death on those fields, and who not
only belong to both sections, but whose valor is
the pride of both sections? But if war must come,
we must meet it. And when the roused millions
shall once have been marshaled, and the havoc
begun, there will be slight care for the nice dis-
tinctions in regard to " State rights," or whether
a <{ sovereign State can be coerced;" the honor
of that flag which never yet was lowered will be
maintained, and the Government of the United
States will, I trust, be sustained,though millions
should perish in the conflict.
My position, sir, first and last, is the Constitu-
tion as it is, and a just and impartial enforcement
of the laws.
When I say that in the event of war all nice
distinctions in regard to State rights would be lost
sight of, I speak of it as a consequence, and not
as a thing which I would advise, either in peace
or war. I do not think, as our Government is
constituted, it is either the province or the right
of the General Government to coerce, or in any
manner interfere with States, as such. The al-
legiance due to the General Government is not
that of States, but of the people of the United
States; and it either has the power to enforce
obedience of the people who constitute the Gov-
ernment of the United States to all the laws of the
United States, or it ceases to be a Government.
And the argument that a State can absolve its cit-
izens—citizens also of the United States—from
their obligations to the General Government, is
but another way of denying the existence of such
Government.
It looks to me like an absurdity to say that the
General Government is bound in all events to pro-
tect the rights of its citizens but can in no event
exact obedience from them to those laws when a
State chooses to intervene. And I therefore re-
peat, that I have no doubt, after all the ingenious-
discussions in regard to State rights shall have
been exhausted, the practical result will be, that
the General Government will exact obedience to
its laws from all its citizens, in whatever State
they may be; and that " coercion" of States, or
interference with States, will only happen when
a State shall attempt to place itself between the
offender against law, and his Government.
In the present attitude of the seceding States,
such a conflict may be expected in every case
where the General Government attempts to pun-
ish an offender against its laws within their bound-
aries. And we are thus at once brought to the
alternative of admitting that these States have been
successful in their revolution, and that their cit-
izens are no longer citizens of the General Gov-
ernment, or we are compelled to attempt to enforce
obedience to our laws.
That we shall accept the first, and acquiesce in
a peaceful separation of such States, few or many,
as choose to withdraw from the Union, I do not
expect.
Whether such a course would be for the best,
considering the diversity of our institutions, and
the exasperated state of the public mind in the dif-
ferent sections, if proper arrangements for bound-
aries and intercourse between the sections thus
divided could be agreed upon, or if we could
know where to find a limit to secession, it is hardly
worth while now to inquire. It is sufficient to
know that the temper of our people is such that
these questions can never be settled peaceably.
Their interests are so interwoven with every State
and every section, that I am satisfied they will
never consent to a dissolution of the Union of thesu
States until years of conflict shall have severed
thes'* interests, and fixed boundaries between us
as hostile nations.
And, sir, I wish I could add that I had good
grounds to hope that these St^Jcs would not com-
pel us to the other alternative of attempting to
enfoicc obedience to our laws. But when that
attempt is made—as made it must be—I expect it
will be made to the uttermostextcnt of the power
and resources of the Government; and that the
Government, at whatever cost, will enforce obe-
dience to its laws, or break down in the attempt.
Sir, we cannot escape this alternative. We
may shrink from the horrors of civil war, as who
does not? We may carry our imaginations for-
ward until every State is seen drenched m blood,
every business interest laid in ruins, cities smoul-
dering in ashes, widows and orphans filling the
land with their wailings, and whole districtsi'once
populous, the homes of happy millions, turned
into deserts by the demon of war; and yet we are
compelled to come back to the some point. The
citizens of this Government must yield obedience
to the laws, or the Government must compel that
obedience, even though all these imaginings shall
become realities; even though we know they must
become realities.
Men of the South , why will you force this alter-
native upon the Government' You have received
every assurance which northern Representatives
in Congress can give you, that every northern
statute (if any such there be) which obstructs
your constitutional rights shall be swept away.
The powers of the Government are so balanced
that you can receive no injury at the hand of the
incoming Administration;and you have had every
assurance that men can have or give that none is
intended. Should all these fail, will it not be time
to make the attempt to break up such a Govern-
ment as this, when the administration of Mr.
Lincoln shall have evinced an intention of over-
stepping the bounds of the Constitution? Should
such an attempt ever be made, you would find
thousands, yes, millions of northern men, who,
shoulder to shoulder with you, would resist the
attempt and vindicate not only your rights, but
their own.
But if, deaf to luason and to all the assurances
