572
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
J anuary 26,
ords of the Department do nut show that he was
wounded or injured in the service, and on this
ground the Pension Office refused his application
for a pension.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed, and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly road the third time, and passed.
Mr. BLAIR moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
HOSTILE ORGANIZATION IN WASHINGTON.
Mr. GROW. X ask unanimous consent to
introduce the following resolution:
Resolved, That the select committee of five be instructed
to inquire whether any secret organizanou hostile to the
Government of the United Sute& e\i&u> in the District of
Columbia; and if so, whether any official or employe of the
city of Washington, or any employes or officers of the Fed-
eral Government, in the executive or judicial departments,
are members thereof.
Mr. BURNETT. I have no disposition to
object to the introduction of the resolution, but I
desire to know from the gentleman, and it is cer-
tainly duo to the House that he should state,
whether there is any fact within his knowledge
which would warrant the House in putting on foot
any such investigation. The adoption of this res-
olution would be a reflection on the authorities of
the city of Washington which we ought not to
make unless the gentleman will state, on his own
responsibility as a member of the House, that he
has reason to believe there is such a conspiracy
.on foot.
Aa for myself, I do not believe that there is. I
do not believe there ever was any purpose con-
templated, either on the part of the citizens of this
District or of the adjoining States, to make any
foray or raid oil this city, or to interfere with the
peaceful inauguration of the President of the party
of the gentleman who has offered this resolution.
It seems to me to be right and just and proper
that the renson.s for oilVring tins resolution should
be stated to the House before we inaugurate a
proceeding which is a diiect reflection upon the
patriotism and faithfulness to the government of
the peopleof this District. It is, in myjudgment,
a most miserable, contemptible mode of engen-
dering bad feeling, and making the excitement
throughout the country worse than it is.
Mr. GROW. I should not have offered a reso-
lution of this kind in the House if I had not sup-
posed there was something to base it on 
Mr. COX. I rise to a question of order. Is
debate in order on this resolution in its present
position ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair did not under-
stand the gentleman from Kentucky as objecting
to the resolution. If not, the debate is in order.
Mr. BRANCH. As a member of that com-
mittee, I feel obliged to object to this resolution
till the chairman of the committee be present.
When he conies in, I shall, if he be satisfied with
it, withdraw my objection.
Mr. GROW. I spoke to the chairman about
it yesterday, and it was satisfactory to him. In
reply to the gentleman from Kentucky, I say that
I have reason to believe that such idea has been
entertained by some individuals. To what extent
it has gone, I do not know. That is what I want
the committee to inquire into. It was for that
reason I offered the resolution. If gentlemen on
the other side do not want the investigation, they
have it in their power to defeat it by simply ob-
jecting; and that would be evidence that there
was something in it.
Mr. BURNETT. I have not objected to the
introduction of the resolution. Let the investi-
gation be as thorough as the member desires to
have it. I shall ccrtainly not object. But, sir,
before I resume my seat, I repel as it deserves,
the intimation of the gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia, that objection coming from this side is an
indication that there is such a conspiracy on
foot.
Mr. MAYNAIID. I claim the right, after the
remark of the gentleman from Pennsylvania, to
say a word personal to myself. If I understood
his remaik he said, that objection from this side
was an indication there was such a conspiracy on
foot.
Mr. GROW. I will say a word in respect of
the gentleman from Tennessee, that perhaps I
ought to have said before. The gentleman ob-
jected last night, but he did so upon the ground
that there-was no quorum present. At the time,
he stated he would withdraw his objection if the
resolution were presented this morning. I call
for the previous question on the adoption of the
resolution.
Mr. KUNKEL. I object to the resolution.
Mr. GROW. I have demanded the previous
question on the resolution.
Mr. KUNKEL. I announced my purpose to
object to the resolution from the first. The gentle-
man from Pennsylvania has indulged in threaten-
ing remarks against this side of the House; and he
desires some one on this side of the House to take
the responsibility of objectingtohismiserable res-
olution in favor of establishing an inquisition upon
some of the people of Maryland. If there be none
other, I tell liim and the House that here is one
man who dares take just such a responsibility.
I object to the resolution.
Mr. GROW. I have called for the previous
question, and the gentleman's objection comes
too late.
The SPEAKER. Objection comos too late,
unless the gentleman from North Carolina per-
sists in his objection made when the resolution
was submitted.
Mr. BRANCH. I stated that I would object
until the chairman of the select committee of five
came in. I have since been informed by the
mover of the resolution that it was agreeable to
the chairman of that committee, and, of course,
I do not persist in my objection.
The SPEAKER. Then objection comes too
late, and the resolution must be put on its passage.
Mr. KUNKEL. When was the previous ques-
tion demanded? Certainly not before I gave no-
tice of my objection. I was upon the floor when
the gentleman from -Kentucky, [Mr. Burnett,]
the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Maynard,]
and the gentleman from North Carolina, [Mr.
Branch,] were addressing the House. I did not
interrupt them, because it was not courteous to
do so.
The SPEAKER. The previous question was
demanded by the gentleman from Pennsylvania
before the Chair recognized the gentleman from
Maryland.
Mr. KUNKEL. * I have the right, under the
rules, as one of the members of this House, to
prevent a resolution like this being rushed through
suddenly, and without notice and examination;
and that right shall not, with my consent, be arbi-
trarily taken frommc. I had aright toobjectto tho
introduction of the resolution, and that right I
have exercised. I made objection just as soon as
it was possible for me to do so. I have never re-
linquished that right. It was my design, from the
beginning, to make objection at the proper mo-
ment. e 1 waited patiently, not desiring to inter-
rupt the gentleman who addressed the House,
including the Speaker himself. I waited in a cour-
teous and parliamentary manner to submit my
objection at the proper moment.
Mr. GROW. I rise to a point of order.
Mr. KUNKEL. I do not withdraw my ob-
jection.
The SPEAKER. It is not the purpose of the
Chair, and it never has been, to deprive the gen-
tleman from Maryland, or any other gentleman,
of his rights upon this floor. However unpleas-
ant ft may be at times, he must enforce the rules
of the House. He has done so on this occasion,
and he is disposed to do no more. The gentleman
from Pennsylvania demanded the previous ques-
tion before the gentleman from Maryland was
recognized by the Chair, and was in a condition
to make his objection. Under the circumstances,
the Chair must decide that objection came too
late, and the resolution is before the House.
Mr. KUNKEL. I was upon the floor before
the previous question was called.
The SPEAKER. But the gentleman was not
recognized by the Chair; and until recognized, he
was not in a condition to object.
Mr. KUNKEL. I am aware that the gentle-
man who occupies the chair is never very well
disposed to recognize me at anytime when 1 claim
to be heard in this House. That, however, is no
reason why I should be divested of my rights
here.
Mr. YANDEVER. I call the gentleman to
order. Ilis remarks are indecorous, and reflect
upon the Speaker.
Mr. MALLORY. I also call the gentleman to
order.
Mr. KUNKEL. What for?
Mr. MALLORY. Because the gentleman is
out of order.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. I ask the
gentleman to allow me to move an amendment,
enlarging the powers of the committee.
Mr. GROW. I cannot yield. I ask that the
question be put on seconding the call for the pre-
vious question.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. I would be
glad to have the committee instructed to inquire
by what authority troops are now stationed im-
mediately to the east of the Capitol. Is this Con-
gress to act hereafter at the point of the bayonet,
without protest, and in silence ? [Cries of " Or-
der!" " Order!"]
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and, under the operation
thereof, the resolution was adopted.
Mr. GROW moved to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution was adopted; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
RESOLUTIONS OP TENNESSEE.
Mr. THOMAS. Mr. Speaker, I ask the unan-
imous consent of the House for leave to present
joint resolutions of the State of Tennessee. I ask
that they be read, and ordered to be printed. There
have been no resolutions presented here which
meet with a more hearty concurrence from my
people than these I now send up to the Clerk's
desk.
There was no objection, and the Clerk read the
resolutions, as follows:
Resolved by the General Asscmblyof ilie Slateof Tennes-
see, That this General Assembly has heaid with profound
regret of the resolutions recently adopted by the State of
New York, tendenng men and money to the President of
the United State?, to be used in coercing certain sovereign
States of the South into obedicnce to the Federal Govern-
ment.
Ilcsolvcd, That this General Assembly receives the action
of tb ' Legi-latuie ot New York af the indication of a pur-
pose upon the pait of the people of that State to further
complicate existing difficulties, hy forcing the people of the
South to the extremity of submission oj ivpi&tmice ; and so
regarding it, the Governor of the State of Tennessee isheie-
bv requested to inform the Executive of the State ofNew
York that it i.s the opinion of this General Assembly that
whenever the authorities of that State shall <send armed
foices to the South for the pmpose indicated m said res-
olutions, the people of Tennessee, uniting with their breth-
ren of the South, will, as one man, legist ^ueh invasion of
the soil of the South, at all hazard*, and to the last extrem-
ity.
Adopted, January 18, 1881.
W. C. WHITTHORNE,
Speaker of the House of Representatives.
TAZ. W.' NEWMAN,
Speaker of the Senate.
The resolutions were laid upon the table, and
ordered to be printed.
PETEK VAN BUSKIUK.
Mr. THOMAS. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House that leave be granted for the with-
drawal ftom the files of the House of the papers
in the case of Peter Van Euskirk, in order that
they may be referred to the Pension Office.
There was no objection, and it was ordered
accordingly.
HOCKADAY AND T.IGGIT.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a mes-
sage from the President of the United States, re-
turning, with his objections, to the House in which
it originated, a biH'entitled "An act for the relief
of Hockaday & LiggU.
Mr. SHERMAN. As that message relates to
a private and not a public matter, I hope that time
will not be consumed with its reading, but that it
will be referred to the proper committee. 1 think
that is the usual course. I know that it is courte-
ous to have read veto messages on public matters.
Mr. BURNETT. The usual course is, I think,
to have read all messages from the President of
the United States. The House, after the reading
of a veto message, proceeds at once to the ques-
tion of reconsideration. I have had time only to
look to the provision of the Constitution on the
subject.
Mr. SHERMAN. The House is compelled to
reconsider the case, and it may reconsider it by
referring it to one of the standing committees. It
is a private claim, and I think it ought to be re-
ferred .
