1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
573
Mr. BURNETT. I will say that this claim
has been twice considered by the committee of
this House and the committee of the Senate, and
surety wc arc in as good condition to judge of its
merits now as we will be at any future time.
Mr. SHERMAN. What committee did the
bil( come from?
Mr. BURNETT. The Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then I submit the motion
that the message be now referred to the same
committee.
Mr. BURNETT. I hope that motion will be
voted down, and that the House will now dispose
of this case.
Mr. SHERMAN. There is no reason why the
message should be read. 1 know that it is respect-
ful to the President to have his messages on pub-
lic matters read to the House; but there is no want
of courtesy toward him if messages on private
claims are referred without reading.
The SPEAKER. The messages of the Presi-
dent ought to be read, as they are spread upon the
Journal.
The Clerk read the message, as follows:
To the House of Representatives
of the United States:
I return, with my objections, to the House in
which it originated, the bill entitled "An act for
the relief of Hockaday & Liggit," presented to
me on the 15th instant.
This bill appropriates §59,576 " to Hockaday
& Liggit, in full payment for damages sustained
by them in reduction of pay for carrying the mails
on route No. 8911, and that said amount be paid
to William Liggit for and on account of Hocka-
day & Liggit, and for their benefit.''
-A bill containing the same language, with the
single exception that the sum appropriated therein
was$40,000 instead of$59,576,passed both Houses
of Congress at their last session; but it was pre-
sented to me at so late a period of the session that
I could not examine its merits before the time
fixed for the adjournment, and it therefore, under
the Constitution, failed to become a law. The
increase of the sum appropriated, in the present
bill, over that in the bill of the last session, being
within a fraction of twenty thousand dollars, has
induced me to examine the question with some
attention; and I find that the bill involves an im-
portant principle, which, if established by Con-
gress, may take large sums out of the Treasury.
It appears that, on the 1st day of April, 1858,
John M. Hockaday entered into a contract with
the Postmaater General for transporting the mail
on route No. 8911, from St. Joseph, Missouri,
by Fort Kearny, Nebraska Territory, and Fort
Leavenworth, to Salt Lake City, for the sum of
§190,000 per annum for a weekly service. The
service was to commence on the 1st day of May,
1858, and to terminate on the 30th November, 1860.
By this contract the Postmaster General reserved
to himself the rightk* to reduce the service to semi-
monthly whenever the necessities of the public
and the condition of affairs in the Territory of
Utah may not require it more .frequently." And
again, " that the Postmaster General maydiseon-
tinue or curtail the sprvice, in whole or in part,
in order to place on the route a greater degree of
service, or whenever the public interests require
such discontmuanceforanyothercause,he allow-
ing one month's extra pay on the amount of ser-
vice dispensed with."
On the 11th April, 1859, the PostmasterGeneral
curtailed the service, which he had a clear right
to do under the contract, to semi-monthly, with an
annual deduction of $65,000, leaving the compen-
sation $125,000 for twenty-four trips per year,
instead of $190,000 for fifty-two trips. This cur-
tailment was not to take effect till the 1st of July,
1859.
At the time the contract was made, it was ex-
pected that the army in Utah might be engaged in
active operations; and hence the necessity of fre-
quent communications between the War Depart-
ment and that Territory. The reservation of the
power to curtail tho service to semi-monthly trips
itsolf proves that the parties had in view the con-
tingency of such curtailment " whenever the ne-
cessities of the public and the condition of affairs
in the Territory of Utah may not require it more
frequently."
Before "the Postmaster General ordered this cur-
tailment, he had an interview with the Secretary
)le.
ANAN./
L y
smanirom
of War upon the subject, in the course of which,
the Secretary agreed that a weekly mail to St.
Joseph and Salt Lake City was no longer needed
for the purposes of the Government. This, evi-
dently, because the trouble in Utah had ended.
Mr. Hockaday faithfully complied with his con-
tract, and the full compensation was paid, at the
rate of $190,000 per annum, up to tne 1st July,
1859,and " one month 'sextra payon the amount
of service dispensed with," according to the con-
tract.
Previous to that date, as has been already stated,
on the 14th April, 1859, the Postmaster General
cuitailedthe service to twice per month; and on
the lltli May, 1859, Messrs. Hockaday & Co.
assigned the contract to Jones, Russell & Co.,
for a bonus of §50,000. Their property connected
with the route was to be appraised, which was
effected, and they received on this account about
ninety-four thousand dollars, making the whole
amount about one hundred and forty-four thou-
sand dollars.
There is no doubt that the contractors have
sustained considerable loss in the whole transac-
tion. The amount I shall not pretend to decidc,
whether $40,000, or $59,47G, or any other sum.
It will be for Congress to consider whether the
precedent established by this bill will not, in effect,
annul all restrictions contained in the mail con-
tracts enabling the Postmaster General to reduce
or curtail the postal service according to the pub-
lic exigencies as they may arise. I have no other
solicitude upon the subject. 1 am informed that
there are many cases in the Post Office Depart
ment depending upon the same principle.
JAMES BUCHANAN,
Washington City, January 25,1861
Mr. BURNETT. I hope the gentleman
Ohio will withdraw his motion to refer the mes-
sage to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads, in order that we may act on the question
at once.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am willing to take a vote
on the reconsideration, and I therefore withdraw
the motion to refer.
Mr. M AYNARD. I trust that the members of
the House will have that message in print before
they are called upontoact onit. [Criesof "No!"J
I think we ought to have such an opportunity, in
order that we may" vote understandingly on it.
It will be recollected in what difficulty we were
put by hasty legislation at the last session, in a
similar case.
Mr. BURNETT. I have the floor. I do not
propose to detain the House with anything like a
speech on the merits of this veto message. A
statement of the reasons why it ought not to
change our former action can briefly be given.
Mr. Speaker, under all the circumstances sur-
rounding this case, this veto message must be
regarded as an extraordinary one. The President
concedes the loss of these parties, but adds that,
notwithstanding they have been seriously dam-
aged by the action of the Postmaster General, it
is improper for the House of Representatives to
do them justice. He declares that wc ought not
to pay them the losses they have actually sus-
tained, because then a precedent would be estab-
lished for doing justice to other contractois who
had been damaged by the action of the Federal
Government.
This House will remember that in 1858-59, by
the failure of the Congress of the United States
to make appropriations for the service of the Post
Office Department, that then the PostmasterGen-
eral, having no money as a reason for it, issued his
orders curtailing the? service upon various mail
contracts in this country, in some instances fifty
per cent., and in others forty and thirty per ccnt.
This House will remember that, on the 14th da^
of April, 1859, the question involved in the Presi-
dent's message was fully discussed by gentlemen
in this House. The gentleman from North Caro
hna, [Mr. Branch]—and I do not say it with
any disrespect to the President of the United
States—presented the reasons much more forcibly
and much moie clearly, in reference to the prin-
ciple involved in this bill, than they are presented
in the message of the President. The whole
question passed in review before the House, and
the House refused to order the yeas and nay4!
upon its passage, only twenty-one members vot-
ing at the tune for the yeas and nays.
Well, sir, after able discussion, as I have stated,
the bill passed the House upon the unanimous
report of the Post Office Committee—all the mem-
bers of that committee concurring in the report
which was made. It went to the other end of the
Capitol, and was referred to the Post Office Com-
mittee of the Senate. The whole question was
there reviewed in one of the mostelaborate reports
I have ever read, discussing at length all the ques-
tions involved in the message of the President of
the United States to the House. In the Senate the
question was again elaborately discussed,and all
the objections which the President has urged were
presented. But it was held that where a contractor
under the Government has complied faithfully
with his contract, and in consequence of the action
of one of the Departments of the Government he
has suffered loss under his contract, the Govern-
ment ought, under these circumstances, to reim-
burse the contractor to the extent of his Idsses.
This principle was settled in both ends of the
Capitol after a very full and thorough discussion,
both upon the floor of the House and Senate.
Well, sir, what occurred during the present
session ? This bill was taken up, and reported
again unanimously by the same committee which
first reported it. The same amount was again
reported; and upon their unanimous report the
bill passed the House without a single objection.
Mr. IIOLMAN. I wish to ask the gentleman
from Kentucky why the Post Office Committee
in the present session increased the amount some
twenty thousand dollars?
Mr. BURNETT. If the gentleman will hear
me through, he will find that the amount has not
been increased during the present session. The
bill reported by the committee this session was
identically the same bill reported by them and
passed by the House in the last session. The
amount was reduced in the Senate, I believe upon
the motion of Senator Yulee, of Florida, from
$59,000 to $40,000. But when it came back to
the House, the Post Office Committee reported
the same amount contained in the original hill.
Now, sir, I wish the House also to consider
another fact in connection with this thing. The
Postmaster General, in his correspondence with
these parties when he curtailed the service, him-
self admitted the justice of this claim, and sug-
gested the precise remedy which the parties have
sought at the hands <^f Congress. He said:
'•'The Department cannot but rojrrot any losses that you
may sustain by the annulment of your contract; but, as
the course adopted-by the Postmaster General was forced
upon lum by Congress, that body will, no doubt, rndem.-
mfy all who have biistamed damage through its action."
Now, sir, when this bill was under discussion
in the House, my friend from North Carolina
made this point: that, m every contract made with
every contractor for carrying the mail, the Post-
master General reserves the right of reducing the
service, or of changing the contract, as the wants
of the Department may require. Grant it. That
provision was in the contract with these parties,
as it is in all such contracts. But that is a mere
formal condition. I undertake to say that it is a
condition which was never attempted to be en-
forced until after the action of the last Congress
failing to pass the Post Office appropriation bill.
I will state, also—and every gentleman who will
examine the statute will agree with me—that the
Postmaster General has, under the law, no power
to alter or change any contract made for carrying
the mail, except under certain conditions, which
were not complied with in this instance. 1 hold
that the Postmaster General had no power, under
the law, to insert any such condition into the con-
tract; and that any such provision, if inserted, is
in violation of the law, and therefore null and void.
Now, Mr. Speaker, the Presidcntof the United
States, in his message, ignores the law; he pays
no attention to the statute; he makes no mention
of the fact that there is now upcm the statute-book
a law which regulates and controls this matter.
Before I conclude, I will read the law, so that
there may be no mistake about it.
These parties entered into a contract to carry
the mail over a certain route, once a week, for
the sum of §190,000. They went on to carry out
their contract faithfully until the Postmaster Gen-
eial—Congress having failed to pass the usual
appropriations—reduced the service to a semi-
monthly mail. The proof is abundant in the case,
embodying the certificate of every postmaster
from St. Joseph to Salt Lake City, from Fort
Leavenworth to Pike's Peak, that the service was
