574
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
January 26,
faithfully performed up to the time it was changed
from a weekly to a semi-monthly service. The
proof in the case is abundant that the reduction
of the service, instead of reducing the expenses
of the contractors, increased them. How? The
entire mail, if carried once a week, could be car-
ried by one team; but if carried only once in two
weeks, two teams were required. They remon-
strated against the reduction of the service; they
remonstrated against this violation of their con-
tract in derogation of their rights, entailing upon
them heavy losses. Their remonstrances were
disregarded; they were told that in consequence
of the failure upon the part of Congress to pass
the usual appropriations, and the crippled condi-
tion of the Department, the service must be cur-
tailed, and they must look to Congress for relief.
They continued to carry the mail and to perform
their duty faithfully; and, in accordance with the
recommendation of the Postmaster General, came
to Congress, and asked them to reimburse them
for the damages actually sustained.
Well, sir, as I have said, after mature deliber-
ation, this House passed the bill in one session,
and again passed it in another. The President of
the United States now returns the bill with his
objections; not that the bill violates the Constitu-
tion; not that it is hasty and inconsiderate legisla-
tion, or that it involves some great political ques-
tion, upon which, I believe, veto messages have
generally been founded; but the President of the
United States undertakes to step in between these
private parties and this House, and tells us that
if we undertake to do justice to these parties, it
will open the door by which other parties, who
have also sustained wrong, may come in and ask
Congress also for relief, and money may be thus
taken from the Treasury to a large amount. For
myself, I do not propose to act in this House
upon such considerations.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I wish to ask the gentleman
from Kentucky whether we have not, during the
present session, repealed an act passed in the last
session, and whether the mere fact that the House
passed a bill is a reason for our not reconsidering
that action if wrong?
Mr. BURNETT. Not at all. I have not stated
that as a reason. I only say that this bill having
twice passed this House upon mature deliberation,
all the objections urged by the President in his
message having been fully stated and considered,
it does seem to me a most extraordinary proceed-
ing, that it should be vetoed under such circum-
stances.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. X do not
know whether I understood the gentleman from
Kentucky or not. I understood him to take the
fround that this provision in the contract of the
'ostmaster General with those parties,giving him
the right to cliange the contract, was in violation
of law.
Mr. BURNETT. Yes, sir; and a nullity.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. 1 am very
glad to hear it, for that is piecisely the ground
winch I assumed in the last session in respect to
all the changes of contract which took place after
the close of the last Congress.
Mr. BURNETT. I have never taken issue
with the gentleman upon that point I slate that
such is the fact.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I merely de-
sired to know if I understood the gentleman cor-
rectly.
Mr. l'URNETT. I stated, in my argument of
this case last session, that that clause was in vio-
lation of express law.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I always
contended so; and the gentleman from Missouri
[Mr. Ckaic] made a speech upon that subject. I
believed then that he had the right of the matter,
and I believe so now.
Mr. BURNETT. Now, I will refer gentlemen
to the twenty-third section of the act of July 2,
1830, in reference to the Post Office Department.
It is as follows:
u And whenever it shall become necessary to change the
terms of any existing contract in any other manner than
that ile-eei.'u'ed in tills act, or to enter into a contract lor
the transportation of the mail at any other time than at the
annual letting, the Postmaster General shall give notice in
one new-paper published at Washington city, and 111 one
new-paper published as neai aa may be to the route in
uhic'i Ihe services are to be petlonned, for at least four
week* beioie chansin!,' or niiikmg such contract, inviting
pioposa!^ ibere!or: which proposals shall be received and
opened, and such proceedings theieon had, in all things, as
at tlie annual lettings: Provided, however, That the Post-
master General may make temporary contracts, until a reg-
ular lotting can take place."
Mr. LOVEJOY. Does not that provision refer
to cases where it is proposed to take a contract
from one party and give it to another?
Mr BURNETT. No, sir; it refers to all
changes. I have examined all the statutes thor-
oughly. I have examined the whole matter in
regard to changes, and there is no such provision,
it is not contended that, in this case, the law was
complied with. There was no advertisement
whatever in accordance with the law; but the
Postmaster General, acting upon the clause in the
contract giving him the power to alter, change,
and amend it, and against the remonstrance of
the contractors, changed this contract without any
advertisement, and without conforming at all to
the law. And now the President sends in his
message, in which he concedes the fact that these
parties have sustained heavy losses. These men,
oy a life of honest toil and industry, have accumu-
lated a competence for themselves and their fami-
lies, and by the action of the Postmaster General
this is all swept away by our annulment of the
contract. They come to this Congress for relief,
and we agree to give to them what they claim and
establish as their damages for such action of the
Department. The bill was reported twice unani-
mously by a committee of this House. It passed
the House, and was sent to the Senate; and it
passed twice there. The President sends backa
message vetoing the bill, and tells us that this
precedent would open the door by which the
Treasury will have to pay a very large sum to
contractors. I care not how much we have to pay
if the claims arc right and just. If the Govern-
me Jj>of the United States, in equity and justice,
owe these parties, we ought to pay, and relieve
these men, who arc not in fault themselves. The
Government first violated the contract, and in
doing so they also violated the law of the United
States; and now wc are asked to turn these par-
ties out of this House, after they have been broken
up—a fact which is conceded—without paying
what they are entitled to, and after wc have twice
passed bills for their relief.
Mr. ALLEY. I desire to say a word upon this
question, m behalf of the committee which first
reported the bill. The facts have been so clearly
stated by the gentleman from Kentucky, that there
is but little left for me to say.
In my judgment there never was a case pre-
sented to the Congress of the United States that
excited more discussion or investigation than this
case. It has undergone a most thorough investi-
gation by a committee of this House on two oc-
casions. It was also thoroughly examined and
investigated by a committee on the part of the
Senate; and I do think that it is, as the gentleman
from Kentucky has justly observed, a most ex-
traordinary proceeding upon the part of the Pres-
ident. jjuti will not join in any denunciation of
the Piesident for exercising a clear constitutional
right; because, iflie considers thataprivate claim
is passed by Congress under extraordinary cir-
cumstances, which would establish a bad prece-
dent, it is not only his constitutional right, but it
is, I hold, his imperative duty, to interpose an
executive veto.
This matter has been so thoroughly discussed
in this case, and all the facts are so fully under-
stood, that I will not detain the House now by
recapitulating the statements which have been
heretofore made. I will only briefly examine the
objections which arc made by the President to the
biii.
The President has made but three points against
this bill. The first, and the one on which he
seems to me to lay more stress than any other is,
that this bill passed Congress at the last session
for the sum of $40,000, while it is passed now in
precisely the same terms, with the exeeption that
for $40,000 is substituted $59,500. Now, Mr.
Speaker, it seems to me that that is not a reason
which should operate upon this House at all
against the bill This House passed the bill for
$59,500, after the most thorough examination by
the Post Office Committee, and after a most thor-
ough and exhaustive discussion upon the part of
this House at the last session of Congress. It
was then sent to the Senate, and at the close of
the session, as I understand, as a matter of com-
promise, it was reduced to the sum of §40,000 m
that body. It then came back to the House, and
it being so near the close of the session, and there
being no time to consider it in full, it received the
sanction of this House, as amended by the Sen-
ate, and the bill passed in that form. It failed to
reccive the sanction of the President.
At this session, the petition was again referred
to the Post Office Committee of this House. Tha£
committee, after another examination and invest-
igation, as it had done previously, by an unani-
mous vote* reported this bill to the House in the
same form precisely as it was passed in this House
at the last session of Congress; and it passed the
House by a very large vote. It was sent to the
Senate, and there, after another examination by
that body, the action of the House was concurred
in.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I put it to the House to
say, if, under such circumstanccs, that is any
reason at all why this bill should be vetoed, it
seems to me not.
The next and second point of the veto message
is, that the contract allows the Postmaster Gen-
eral to reduce the service, and that he has so re-
duced it in accordance with the provision of the
contract. Mr. Speaker, that matter was fully ex-
amined at the last session of Congress by this
House, and was fully discussed; and, while the
legality of that question was in great doubt, the
House decided by a very large vote—and it seems
to me, judging from the discussion, the almost
unanimous feeling of the House was—that this
case ought to be settled upon principles of equity,
and not according to its legal bearings; although
it does seem to me that, upon legal giounds alone,
it presents a case not by any means devoid of
strength. As has been remarked by the gentle-
man from Kentucky, that question was thoroughly
discussed, and he has reau from the law what he
conceives to be a proper interpretation.
And in this connection allow me to call the at-
tention of the House to a letter written by the
Attorney General upon this very subject, when
the Postmaster General called his attention to the
Butterfield contract. That is the only contract, I
believe, in which that provision was never inserted,
although, it seems to me, it is a contract, of all
others, in which it should have been inserted. In
every other contract it has been inserted; and it is
inserted merely for the protection of the Govern-
ment. I do not believe that any contractor ever
signed a contract containing that provision, with
the expectation or thought that he would ever be
taken advantage of in consequence of it; and I
think that advantage has never been taken of that
provision since it was first inserted byafoimer
PostmasterGeneral,many years since. I say that
provision was never taken advantage of until the
appropriation bill failed, which made it neces-
sary, in the judgment of the Postmaster General,
to reduce nearly all this kind of service. And
this was one of the cases in which the service was
reduced; and the Postmaster General gave that
as a reason to the contractors why the service was
reduced. Now, after this matter was investigated
and thoroughly discussed, it was decided by the
last Congress that, that provision in the contract
ought not to affect a clear case of equity. I wish
to call the attention of the House, as I was say-
ing, to a letter of the Attorney General covering
this ground in the Butterfield case, in reply to the
Postmaster General. He holds this language:
"I am not at liberty, nor do 1 think you are, to inquire
whether it was well, or ill, for the Governmpnt to make
this contract. The unfortunate condition in which the De-
partment has unexpectedly found itself might make us
to get rid of as many buidens as possible ; but the pceu-
maiy interests of the country are not the most mipoitant.
It has a far deeper stake in doing justice and maintaining
the laws."
That is the reply of the Attorney General; and
it seems to me the reply was eminently worthy of
that distinguished jurist. I therefore, Mr. Speaker,
think that that objection is not a valid one, so far
as this bill is concerned.
The other point which the President makes is,
that this ease will open the door to other cases
of a similar character, and establish a bad pre-
cedent.
Mr. Speaker, that was the very ground of ob-
jection which was urged in this House at the last
session of Congress by the opponents of the bill.
It was thoroughly, and I think successfully, an-
swered at that time. If the claim presents a clear
; case of equity, no matter how many cases there
