THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Sixth Congress, 2d Session.
TUESDAY, JANUARY 29, 1861.
New Series.....No. 37.
Mr. PENDLETON stated that his colleague,
Mr. Martin, was confined to his room by in-
disposition.
The vote was announced as above recorded.
speaker's table.
Mr. SHERMAN. Has the morning hour ex-
pired ?
The SPEAKER. It has.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the special
order be postponed for an hour, in order that we
may proceed to the consideration of the business
upon the Speaker's table.
Mr. GARNETT. I object.
Mr. SHERMAN. Have I not the right to
make the motion?
The SPEAKER. Not without the consent of
the gentleman from Missouri, [Mr. Clark,] who
is entitled to the floor on the special order.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask the gentleman from
Missouri to yield to me for the motion to go to
the business upon the Speaker's table.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. How much time
will the gentleman takG?
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not think it will take
up more than ten minutes.
Mr. GARNETT. I hope the gentleman will
not yield.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. I decline to yield.
Mr. SHERMAN. I give notice that I will try/
to get the iloor during the day to submit the mo-
tion I have indicated. Thebillsupon the Speaker's
table from the Senate ought to be referred.
ti1e crisis.
The SPEAKER. The hour has arrived for
resuming the consideration of the special order,
which is the report of the select committee of
thirty-three on the disturbed condition of the
country. On that question the gentleman from
Missouri [Mr. Clark] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. From all quarters
of our country appeals come up to us to preserve,
if possible, the Union as made by our fathers.
There is not a member who is not daily implored
by his constituents to exert every effort within his
power to preserve the rich legacy left us by our
fathers, m order that it may be handed down intact
to our descendants. We see distinguished citizens,
men who have served their country in war and in
peace,inthecouncilsofthenation and upon battle-
fields which crowned ourflag with victory—wesee
these men in every section appealing that the Con-
stitution may be fully carried out, yielding to every
section the rights which they are entitled to under
it, and that the national banner may pass through
the storm and the darkness which surround us
with all the power and all the glory that have
heretofore rendered it respected m every section
of the globe. With a view to that grand result,
I will do all I can; and in its behalf I speak this
day.
State after State, whether rightfully or wrong-
fully, has withdrawn from the Union. They
have seceded; and we cannot shut our eyes, if we
would, to the fact that we are now in the midst
of a great revolution. Coming from a State which
has always been loyal to the Union, and justly
estimated the blessings it has conferred, I beg the
attention of the House while I discuss the causes
which have led to the present difficulty, and the
remedies which, in my judgment, are demanded
for the peace, the integrity, and the honor of the
Government. In the remarks I shall submit, I do
not wish to be understood as intending to be per-
sonally offensive to any gentleman of the Repub-
lican party when I take occasion to refer to that
party. I will, in stating the course of policy on
the part of the North which has brought the
country to its present distracted and excited con-
dition, adhere closely to the history of the times.
Witbn undeviating veracity I will lay before the
House the acts, on the part of the different sections
of the Union, which have culminated in the ex-
isting secession movement.
Mr. Speaker, all parties will admit that, up to
the year 3820, there was no serious disturbance
between the States of this Confederacy, in refer-
37
encc to slave property and the rights of the south-
ern people to emigrate to the Territories with
their domestic institutions. In that year, Mis-
souri sought admission into the Union as a State.
Her people met in convention and framed a con-
stitution and State government. It was brought
here and presented to Congress. Missouri asked
that she might be admitted into the Union as other
States had been before. She asked admission
upon an equal footing with the other States. Then,
for the first time in the history of the country, an
attempt was made to deny to the people the right
of self-government, the right to form their own
government in their own way. The constitution
of Missouri recognized the institution of slavery,
and was admitted to be republican in form. It
complied with all the requirements of the Consti-
tution of the United States.
The objection to the admission of Misouri was
placed solely upon the ground that her constitu-
tion recognized slavery. The consequent excite-
ment on that occasion is recorded in vivid colors
in the history of the country. The Union was
threatened with dissolution. An agitation like it
had not previously been seen. Missouri was
denied admission into the Union for one session
of Congress. That great patriot and statesman,
/Henry Clay, was then in Congress, and it was
because of his eloquence, his patriotism, and his
personal influence, that the Missouri compromise
was effected. He it was who led the movement
which restored quiet to the country, and peace,
harmony,and prosperity to the Union. Missouri
was admitted under that famous bill which estab-
lished the Missouri compromise line of 36° 30'.
We were forced to accept that compromise; the
South did accept it, not because they believed it
constitutional, or as granting them all of their
lights; but because of their love for the Union,
and their dread of the evils which would have
resulted from a dissolution. They sacrificed at
that time upon the altar of their country's peace
the rights which the Supreme Court of the United
States has since, in the Dred Scott case, fully ac-
knowledged.
1 ask the Republicans of this House whether,
up to that time, there had been any disturbance
on the slavery question ? Had wo not lived in
fraternal concord ? We had fought together north
and south, contending with each other only to show
which should most enhance the glory of the Re-
public. All was loyalty and devotion to the Union
up to the nullification movement of South Caro-
lina in 3832.
In the course of events, when the question grew
up in reference to the acquisition of Texas, there
was opposition to that acquisition. Where did
it come from ? What was the reason alleged for
that opposition? The gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Adams] yesterday read some reso-
lutions which were introduced into the Legisla-
ture of Massachusetts; and those resolutions are
a true exponent of the sentiment of that State in
reference to the annexation of Texas. Upon that
acquisition, the House will bear in mind,tlic Mis-
souri compromise line was extended. Texas was
admitted upon the express condition that that line
should be extended m good faith to the extent of
our then possessions. That was in 1845, if I am
not mistaken in the date. Sir, the annexation ot
Texas produced the Mexican war. During that
war Mr. Polk was President; and I ask the House
to remember that the people of the South, without
respect to party, furnished men and means for
that war, where we met northern as well as south-
ern men upon the battle-field. In that war, we
lost many of our distinguished men. A Clay, a
McKee, a Butler, and a Yell, from the slavehold-
mg States, as well as a Hardin, and many others
from the border States, met on the battle-field, and
mingled their blood together and died sustaining
the flag of their common country in the acquisi-
tion of common territory.
When that war was about to close, and before
the treaty of peace was signed, there was intro-
duced into Congress the Wilmot proviso. In view
of the acquisition of territory, the Wilmot pro-
viso was introduced, and an attempt made to put
restrictions on that territory, even before it was ac-
quired, to the prejudice of the South. While our
armies wero fighting, our best and noblest nren
dying, our blood being shed, our money paid to
acquire territory, there was a party in this'Hfcuse
engaged in placing a restriction upon that terri-
tory, and endeavoring to make a discrimination
to the prejudice of the South. At that particular
time, after the treaty was made, and New Mexico
and California and our possessions upon the Paci-
fic coast were acquired, and the country, whicji
had been enraged at the efforts to discriminate to
our prejudice, was again turning to peace, the
country was again threatened with dissolution;
and the same great man who calmed the storm
in 1820, Henry Clay, found his way again into
the Senate of the United States, and, in conjunc-
tion with patriots and members of all parties,
made the compromise of 1850. A Clay, a Cass,
a Webster, a Douglas, and many other distin-
guished members of various parties, then acted
together; not as we are acting now, but they
calmed the storm which was lowering over us.
There was no question with them about platforms,
or whether they belonged to one party or the other.
The only question was, what measures were ne-
cessary to sustain and preserve our common coun-
try from disruption and ruin. They rose above
the propositions of mere partisans to that of states-
men and patriots, to save a sinking and bleeding
country.
At that particular time, when the question of
the Wilmot proviso and the disposition of the
Territories were under discussion, Mr. Douglas,
then a member of the United States Senate, in-
troduced a proposition to extend the Missouri
compromise to the Pacific ocean, on the line of
3G° 30', as it had been extended to our borders
before. Where were our northern friends then?
Did they vote for it ? I have the proposition made
by Mr. Douglas upon that occasion. It is as
follows:
" On motion by Mr, Douglas, to amend the bill, scction
fouiteen, lino ono, by inserting after the word 1 enacted,*
" That tin' lino of 30* 30' ot' north latitude, known as the
Missouri compromise line, as defined by the eighth section
of an act entitled 'An not to authorize the people of the
Missouri Territory to fouu a constitution and State govern-
ment, and for tlio admif-sion ol s-tich State into the Union
on an equal looting with the original States, and to prohibit
slavery in eeitam Territories-, approved March 6, lB20,'be,
and the &ame is heiebv, deelaied to extend to the Pacific
ocean ; and ihe said eighth section, together with the com-
piomise therein eflected, is hereby revived, and declared
to be in full force and binding, for the future organization
Of the Turritoues of the United States, in the *ain<# sense,
and with th e same understanding, with which it was origin-
ailv adopted:
<*' U was determined in the affirmative—yeas 33, nays 21.
" On motion by Mr. Baldwin, the yeas and nays being
desired by one fifth of the Senators present, tliObe who voted
in the aillrm;ttive are:
Messrs. Atchison, Badger, Bell, Benton, Rerrien, Bor-
land, Bright, Butler, Calhoun, Cameron, Davis of Missis-
sippi, Dickinson, Douglas, Downs, Fitzgerald, Foote, Han-
negan, Houston. Hunter, Johrifou of Maiyiaud, Johnson
of "Louisiana, Johnson of Georgia, King. Lewis, Mangum,
Mason, Metealf, I'earee, Sebastian, Spruaneu, Stiugeon,
Turney, Underwood.
" Those who voted in the negative are:
" Me.w*. Allen, Atherton, Baldwin, Bradbury, Breese,
Clark, Corwin, JJavis of Massachusetts, Dayton, Dix,
Dodge, Felch, Green, Dale, Hamlin, Miller, Niles, Phelps,
Upham, Walker, Webster.
u >So the proposed amendment was agreed to."
Mr. Douglas made the proposition in the Sen-
ate; and every northern Senator, except a few
Democrats, voted against the extension of the
compromise line; while every southern Senator,
and every Democrat in that body, except one,
voted for it. The bill extending: this line passed
the Senate, and was sent to the House; and when
the question came to a votu, after an cxciting
debate, it was rejected by a sectional vote—the
South all voting to extend it, and the North all
voting asainst the extension.
The compromise of 1850 being made, we again
had repose until the time of the Kansas and £?e-
biaskaact. When Kansas and Nebraska were
about to be organized into Territories, a motion
was made and carried to repeal the Missouri com-
promise line, which the North had refused to
