580
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 26,
as a matter of course, we must fall back upon first
principles, and preserve our rights the best way
we can.
I was proceeding to ask the Republican party
why they will not consent to submit the Critten-
den proposition to the people.
Mr. K1LGORE. I hope the gentleman from
Missouri will not forget to answer my question.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. The gentleman
from Indiana wants his proposition answered; and
I will answer it. Sir, we wantnothing more than
what is just and proper. The Crittenden prop-
osition, we contend, is nothing more or less than
carrying out the principle embodied in the Mis-
souri compromise. The gentleman says that the
Crittenden proposition gives constitutional pro-
tection to slave property south of the line of 36°
30'. Well, sir, I ask any Republican, I ask any
member of any party in this House, if you pro-
pose to grant that line, if you are willing to ac-
knowledge slavery to exist south of that line, does
not the Constitution of the country demand that
property shall* be protected there? If you are
willing to grant that line, is there anything incon-
sistent on the part of any Republican in voting for
the Crittenden proposition, and thus giving peace
to the country? You acknowledge that slavery
exists there; and all that we ask is, that we may
have protection for the property which you have
said may exist there.
Mr. KlLGORE. One word further.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. I cannot yield
ogam.
Mr. KILGORE. I merely wish to put the
gentleman right. I merely want to say that the
proposed restoration of the Missouri line embraces
much more than that.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman
from Missouri declines to yield; and the gentle-
man from Indiana is out of order.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. I tell gentlemen
upon the Republican side of the House that now
is the time, if they desire to prevent the hopeless
dissolution of ting Confederacy. Missouri, Ken-
tucky,Tennessee, Arkansas,Virginia, Maryland,
Delaware—we are the border slave States; we
claim to be the conservative portion of this Union;
and we not only claim to be the conservative por-
tion of this Union, but we are the sufferers as
border States. We have borne our sufferings with
patience, but the people of these States are now
moving. My own State has provided for a con-
vention to take into consideration what remedy
they shall provide. I have confidence in the peo-
ple of the State of Missouri. I have known them
long. I have lived among them all my life, and I
know them to be a brave and loyal people, under-
standing what are their lights, and possessing the
nervo to maintain them. 1 have full confidence
that the convention soon to assemble there will
proteet the honor, the safety, and the interests of
my State, it does not become me to point out
the couise of policy they ought to pursue. But,
sir, 1 tell the Republican party that, unless some-
thing be done soon to allay the existing excite-
ment, and to restore harmony to the country—
unless, sir, they evince some spirit of conciliation
and compromise, and pass some measure of ad-
justmentlike the Crittenden proposition, the Union
will be severed. Unless something is done, the
border States, when they assemble by their com-
missioners in convention, will cooperate with then-
southern brethren, unless they can have secured
to them the rights guarantied by the Constitu-
tion—the right of protection to our peculiar prop-
erty in slaves—without which we cannot live
with you.
The border States are not in favor of precipi-
tate action. They have already shown that they
are not. We have made no threats; bat, sir, we
are not the less determined to act at the proper
time, as becomes a free and a brave people. Mis-
souri wiii not shrink from the responsibility im-
posed upon her. If our constitutional righ ts shall
be resisted and denied to us, and the Union be
dissolved, let gentlemen of the North be not mis-
taken or deceived: the border States will confed-
erate with the States with which they are homo-
geneous m population and institutions. Buf we
beg to be relieved from such a dire alternative.
We implore the party in power to adjust the pres-
ent difficulties by granting the South her consti-
tutional rights. Now is the accepted time; now
peace may be secured with honor; now the Union
may be preserved; and it is with you, gentlemen
of the Republican party, to do it. Delay, put it
off longer, quibble over these technicalities, and
it may be too late.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's hour has
expired.
Mr. GILMER obtained the floor.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. I ask that my time
be extended. I have not yet finished all 1 have
to say.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection. There
was no objection, and it was ordered accordingly.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. I thank the House
for its kindness.
Mr. Speaker, I want to remark that it is, in
my opinion, the duty of the border States—Vir-
ginia, Kentucky, Tennessee, Missouri, and Ark-
ansas—to consult together. We have the same
population and the same interests, and our des-
tiny is inseparable. Missouri is pledged by res-
olutions, known as the Jackson resolutions—their
author being our present Governpr—passed in
1849, that she would be found cooperating with
the slavcholding States if the constitutional rights
of the South were denied by Congress. I under-
stand that our first duty, the first duty of the bor-
der States, is cooperation. Their ultimate destiny
will be determined by the action of their respect-
ive conventions about to assemble. It is in the
power of this Congress to save the Union.
While I love the Union; while I avow my de-
votion to it; while my constituents are devoted to
it; while they all deprecate disunion, and would
do everything not dishonorable to avoid pesti-
lence, famine, anarchy, fratricidal war, indeed, all
the horrors of civil war; yet, sir, we are resolved
to have our rights. We are resolved to have all
the rights guarantied to us by our forefathers.
We are resolved not to be placed upon terms of
inequality and inferiority. If we cannot secure
our rights in the present confederation, we will
be compelled to confederate where they can be
secured.
Mr. GILMER. The storm that now rages in the
South threatened before I left my home. It has
increased, and still is increasing. It is nc«r at
hand, and is all around us. It has been my hope
that some action of the two Houses of Congress
would, ere tins, have allayed this threatening
tnmpest. 1 regret that it has not been done. 1
think, I trust, that it is not yet too late for some-
thing to be done by this Congress by which this
Government may be preserved, and peace and
harmony restored to the greatest nation and the
greatest people upon the earth. I must confess I
feel discouraged by the f.ict that our northern
friends have, up to this hour, made no demonstra-
tion. Whether they intend to do so ornot, I am
not assured; but appearances indicate a cold, icy,
stoical, indifference to this raging storm in the
southern States. A final effort, a desperate strug-
gle, is now being made in all the southern States
to consummate that which South Carolina now
avows the has had at heart for the last thirty or
fotty years. When I was a boy, in that gallant
State the doctrine of nullification was preached.
It was said to be a peaceful remedy. It was said to
be the only constitutional remedy by which differ-
ences between a State and the General Govern-
ment, in relation to power, could be safely settled.
But when that heiesy was crushed out during the
administration of General Jackson, the next resort
was to secession. In order to give that some
plausibility, it was said to be most peaceful in its
character. Nullification never could have had
many friends—secession never could have had
many friends, were it not that their advocates gave
the most solemn assurances that they were con-
stitutional Union men, and excelled all others in
attachment to the Constitution and the Union; and
that the direction which they led was the better
for the preservation of both. These pills were
made acceptable with the most seductive assur-
ances of good designs and peaceful purposes.
I pass, sir, over many points of history in rela-
tion to this matter, which go to show that this
conspiringfordisunion has been at work for many
years, to come down to a day within the last
twelvemonths. When the Democratic party per-
mitted itself to be disrupted by the nullifiers and
the seceders at Charleston and Baltimore, and our
nullifying and seceding friends rallied under a
nomination of Union men, they held up that nom-
ination of Union candidates to the southern peo-
ple as a reason why they were not for disrupting
this Government, in case Lincoln was elected.
They insisted vociferously that they had made
Union nominations; that they had put at the head
of their ticket men who were Union men, as show-
ing they had no design of disrupting the Govern-
ment, m case they were defeated and Lincoln
was elected. When they were accused of look-
ing to disunion in case of defeat, they uniformly,
in the South—almost without exception in the
border southern States—denied it most manfully.
What is the result ? The men who regulated and
controlled that disruption of the Democratic party;
the men who enlisted under the Breckinridge
ticket; the men who have maintained nullification,
as being peaceful in its character—who have advo-
cated secession as a peaceful remedy: where are
they? Doing all they can, every where, to destroy
this Union.
Mr. BURNETT. Will the gentleman permit
me to interiupt him?
Mr. GILMER. I dechnc to yield. What is
said now? What is the course pursued by them
now? To give the country time for reflection?
To give the country time to consider ? Are the
people allowed to consider what they shall do?
When Georgia was calling her convention, when
Alabama was calling her convention, when Mis-
sissippi was calling her convention, what did we
see? We found telegram after telegram goings
from this place; not for peace, not for reason, not
for reflection, but still further to inflame the south-
ern mind; still further to fire the southern heart;
still further to run into madness, into inconsid-
ate action, the whole southern people. North,
Carolina and Virginia are now calling conven-
tions; and what is the course pursued by men pro-
fessing to want to preserve this Union? I will
only call attention to what was published in yes-
terday's Globe. Here it is:
" A dispatch from Richmond says: ' Ten Virginia Con-
gressmen have sent out au address to the people of Vnginia,
giving a review of the congressional proceedings in lefer-
ence to the great question of the day, and the probable ac-
tion of Congress, saying that it vain to hope for any
meabUics ot conciliation or adjustment from Congress
winch the people of the South could accept. They also>
^ay that they arc satisfied that the llepublican party designs
by civil war alone to cocrco the southern States under the
pretext of enforcing the laws, unless it shall become speed-
ily appruent that the seceding States are so numerous, de-
teirmned, and united, as to make such an aitenjpt hopeless.
The addicss conclude-? by expressing the solemn conviction
tliatpionipt and decided action by the people of Virginia,
in convention, will afford the surest mean^, undertlie piov-
nience ot God, in averting the impending civil war, and
preserving a hope of reconstructing a Union already dis-
solved.5 "
Here are two ideas, particularly dangerous in
their character, prominent in this address. The
first is, that Virginia's only safety is in leaving
this Union. And the second is equally fallacious,
equally dangerous; and it is, that that is the only
way to reconstruct this Government. I notice also
the following in the North Carolina Standard, a
Democratic paper, but witha Union standard, re-
ferring to a letter sent from here by a Senator
from North Carolina in the other House:
" Among other things, Mr. Cungman charees that the
'hesitation or division' in the South, and the 'delay in
the State'are encouraging the Black Republicans-; that the
Black Republicans only want an opportunity to < compel
the South to submit to their domination, tj the extent eicn
of abolishing slavery, should civil war aifoid them a toler-
able pietext.' J}
Why, Mr. Speaker, this idea of a reconstruc-
tion of the Union is only a part and parcel of the
fruitful expedients by which the popular mind is
to be lulled, until the people, deceived by it, are
drifted into the terrible consequences of the disrup-
tion of this Government. What, sir; get the fifteen
slave States of this Union separated from the eigh-
teen free States as the proper mode to be pursued
to procure a reconstruction of this Government I
There is a purpose and a design in ail this. You
meet the plain and honest-hearted Democrat, or
an old Whig either, of North*Carolina, or Vir-
ginia, or Kentucky, or Missouri, and tell him that
the ultimate design and purpose of the movement
is to sever finally and forever these slave States
from the free, and breakup this Union, and he
would shudder at the idea, as the men who voted
for Bieckinridge would have shuddered had they
known the truth—had they been told that, on the
failure of that ticket, its friends intended to dis-
solve the Union. The true intention or purpose
is not made known to them. Should the honest
farmers, mechanics, and merchants of the South
