582
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 26,
estly believe that the Republican party—a great
and powerful party at the North—do intend to
interfere with slavery where it exists in the States;
and if the North will come up in this solemn man-
ner, and put this perpetual guarantee in the Con-
stitution against the power of Congress, then the
men who distract the South with this idea will be
contradicted l>y you in the most positive and in-
dubitable manner for all time to come. And here
let me make a remark to northern gentlemen, in
all kindness, and without meaning any offense to
any one. You say you have elected your Presi-
dent constitutionally. I admit it. You express
wonder and surprise that the South should be
alarmed at this. Now, let me reason with you.
The presentation of the converse of a proposi-
tion sometimes puts the question itself in a dif-
ferent light. Suppose the position of the two
sections of the Union was reversed; suppose the
slave States were eighteen, and the free States fif-
teen; suppose the slave States had a majority in
this House, a majority in the Senate, and a ma-
jority in the electoral college; suppose the slave
States were to hold a convention, anjJ appoint the
place of meeting as far South as they could, say
at Mobile; that there should be no delegates in
that convention from the free States; that they
should nominate two candidates, one from Flor-
ida and the other from Texas, and should wind
up theirvproceedings by the adoption of a resolu-
tion intimating that it is in the power of Con-
gress, as well as the duty of Congress, to pro-
vide that no more free States shall be admitted
into the Union, and should elect their candidates
nominated by the slave States alone; suppose all
these things were to happen, and then speeches,
assurances, and telegrams, should be freely cir-
culated through your country, that the South in-
tend to make all the States slaveholding States: I
submit to you, my northern friends, would you
not be very much warmed up against that south-
ern movement, and begin to feel that you were
but small folks in this Government? Would you
not feel like looking out for yourselves, at least
to the extent of asking for some guarantee? I
throw out this idea by way of some excuse or
extenuation of these ravings and threatenings to
the peace and quiet of this country.
His my honest opinion—and in that I agree
witli the gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Millson]
—that our present territorial question is substan-
tially settled, and that it is rather an excuse for
agitation. I inclineUo the opinion that in the
future, as heretofore, soil, climate, and produc-
tions would settle this question of slavery in the
Territories, if peace and quiet were restored.
After all that has been said and done, Congress
has never made a free State out of any Territory
that nature intended for a slave State, and has
never made a slave State out of territory where
free labor could be profitably employed. You
cannot, by your Wilmot proviso, prevent the es-
tablishment of slavery in any territory where the
people can use compulsory labor better and with
more profit than any other, and where they can
cultivate rice, tobacco, cotton, indigo,and sugar,
better than anything else. When such a terri-
tory has got a population large enough for the
establishment of a government, and you tender
them a terntoi ial government, with the Wilmot
proviso in it, they will throw it back in your faces;
and when they have sufficient population for a
State, they will organize a government of their
own, republican in form, and apply for admission,
and, according to your own principle, you will
be bound to admit them. I am only showing you
what a very little thing it is that we have got this
country so much by the cars about, and if we get
in a proper humor, how easy it would be for sen-
sible gentlemen to get together and settle it.
Why, gentlemen, pray what is this territorial
question 3 It is one that has only assumed its im- ,
portance within a short time, because ultra par- j
tisans have magnified and misrepresented it fori
the purpose of inflaming the public mind North j
and South. In this they have succeeded to a most
fearful and alarming extent. This is the true
complaint with winch we are afllictcd. This is
the disease which has brought us to the verge of
the grave.
Why, sir, I find in the newspapers of the day
that our northern friends say we have got the Drcd j
Scott decision; that that decision makes slavery I
the normal condition of the Territories; and that :
the same principle there established, if carried out,
would carry slavery into the free States. Who can
wonder that that idea, when presented to north-
ern audiences, should excite them against the
South, and set them railing against us? And so,
when a Democrat gets up before a southern audi-
ence and tells them that the great sectional Re-
publican party has got the power, and has determ-
ined to set all the slaves free, who can wonder
that they become excited ? Who can wonder that
the man who owns slaves looks up his old rifle,
and that he and his sons are for fighting when thus
assured ? Partisansand demagogues have wrought
all this mischief. The Supreme Court, as I un-
derstand it, has not decided that the normal con-
dition of the Territory is cither slave or free. No,
sir. I used to think that the Missouri compromise
was constitutional. Looking to the men who
passed it, and the long acquiescence of the coun-
try and of all parties under it, I so concluded. I
thought that partners in land could divide their
land as legally and as constitutionally as they can
sell it or jointly occupy it.
I can illustrate, in a few words, how I under-
stand this decision, and the extent to which it has
gone. Pardon me if I do so by example. Sup-
pose two old farmers, Mr. North and Mr. South,
have bought, and cach<owns, a large tract of land
under a Government which permits slavery. Mr.
North says he does not want to have slaves on
his plantation; he will do without them, and makes
a family law that all slaves brought over into his
lands shall be free, if they come by the consent of
the owner. The common Government says this
homestead law you may make. But Mr. South
owns slaves, and says that he will and does make
his family law, making it legal to command the
obedu-nee and service of his slaves. This right
the Government aforesaid, common to them both,
recognizes. Thcso old gentlemen, after awhile,
conclude to buy, for the joint benefit of themselves
and their families, a large body of new woodland
adjoining or near to their said farm and fami-
lies, and take a common deed to the land, join in
the payment of the purchase-money,and the deed
is made to them and their heirs. All this being
completed, in the course of a few weeks Mr.
North goes, with his sons and apprentices, oxen
and carts, out into this newly purchased land to
cut timber, and Mr. South sends his sons and
slaves, with horses and wagons, to do the same.
When these parties meet on these newly pur-
chased lands, and a quarrel begins, Mr. North
addresses the sons of Mr. South, and says that,
although the land is common to both families,
Mr South had no right to send his slaves into
this new puiehase; and in consequence of this,
and his (Mr, North's) homestead law, the slaves
arc free. No, sir, reply the sons; these slaves, by
law common to us both, belonged to our father
on the old place. We have a joint right and a
joint possession to this land with you. We have
not left our possession. We are as much at home
with these slaves and these horses, as-you are
with your oxen and apprentices. Mr. North re-
plies, if you want your negroes to work on .this
land, you must set them free, or I will set them
free. The sons of Mr. South say, if you do, we
will do as much harm to you. So here arises the
question.
The Su prcme Court dccides that neither of these
parties have gone from home; they are tenants
m common; and the same rights of property that
each had at and in their first homes, they retain
when they meet on the new purchase, the con-
dition of which, after the said joint purchase, must
be mixed, and must assimilate itself to the con-
dition, rights, and interests of its joint owners.
But suppose an honest, impartial neighbor should
come up while the quaucl progressed between the
parties, and they would agree to leave the matter
in dispute to him: ho would not likely decide
that the negroes were free; he would more likely
advise them to divide their new lands as nearly
equal between them as they could, and each stay
with his own persons and things on his own side.
But if told the court common to both parties had
decided that this cannot be done constitutionally,
the neighbor would then likely advise the parties 1
to make friends, get on friendly and peaceably
with their persons and things, until the members
of the family marry, and settle new farms or plan-
tations on these newly-purchased lands, and then
let these new families determine each for itself '
about these slaves, just as Mr. North and Mr.
South originally did for themselves and their fam-
ilies. The question then comes to this: can we
agree? Is it possible that the sons of American
fathers cannot agree in this trifling matter? If not,
then we have lost the spirit of our fathers. What
did they do? When they framed the Constitu-
tion, nearly all the States owned slaves; somedid
not. They recognized and generously provided
for the rights of all in these then States as to sla-
very and every other matter. They provided in
their common organic law that if a slave ran away
from his master into a free State, he should be
returned. More than that,they agreed, by way
of compromise, and to form a Union with slave
States, to let the African slave trade be kept open
for twenty-one years. That is what they did.
When North Carolina granted to you Tennessee,
it was put expressly in the bond that slavery
should not be abolished by Congress in that Ter-
ritory. That is what our fathers did. What,
pray you, would they do if they were here in our
places to-day ? Why, they would settlc^this ques-
tion immediately. They would not go to dinner
before they had settled it. They never would have
broken up this Union rather than do what I re-
quest of you to do; never! When the country
comes to understand this, and looks back upon
what our fathers did, this Congress will be dis-
graced for not having settled this question satis-
factorily, and that, too, speedily. Strip it^f all
the misrepresentations and exaggerations which
have been so improperly crowded around it to
create sectional jealousy and hatred, and it be-
comes one so simple and plain, that were the
plain,honest masses here that we assume to rep-
resent, they would settle it before the going down
of another sun.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I want to refer to the prop-
osition of the committee of thirty-three. I am not
disposed to look behind their action to see what
this member or that member of the committee
may have said. The country will make up its
judgment on the report itself. What do they rec-
ommend ? To let the Dred Scott decision alone.
They say in silence to the South, you have got
that Dred Scott decision in your favor; it gives to
you your slaves and your right to hold them in
all the Territories North and South; but we have
got the power to secure free settlements and fair
decisions in the Territories, and we will take care
of the northern territory ourselves. We leave
you the southern territory under circumstances
which will enable you to establish slavery there,
if you ever could do it under any circumstances.
We leave the Dred Scott decision untouched,
uncontradicted,and without criticism, by making
no reference to it in the compromise. Take your
southern territory, under the compromise of 1850,
and under the Drcd Scott decision, and with the
protection and the right to sue for your slaves,
which it declares, and do just what you please
with it; and we will take the territory north of the
Missouri line just in the same way; we ask no
prohibition anywhere in any territory. You can-
not make that north of 36° 30' slave territory; and
therefore we care nothing for the Dred Scott de-
cision. But do you take the southern territory,
with the Dred Scott decision; take it now, whilst
the status of slavery is upon it, fixed by territo-
rial law, and make a slave State out of it if you
can. We ask no prohibition of slavery north of
the lino. We trust to climate, soil, and produc-
tions. If any of your negroes come over into our
territory, the few that come, or arc brought,may
remain until the people of the Territory, m forrn-
mgaState constitution,shall otherwise determine.
If I am not mistaken, and I think I cannot be, in
my construction there is no other on its face. I
think this proposition may be safely accepted by
the South. Itnotonly applies to the territory that
.we now have, but it applies also to what we ever
may have. I would have southern gentlemen
think of if.
But it is said that there are men in the North
who make war upon the Dred Scott decision. I
ask, is this the first decision of the Supreme Court
that was over denounced by apolitical party? Our
Democratic friends talk now much about stand-
ing by the decisions of the Supreme Court. I
think I noticcd that at Charleston a little resolu-
tion was offered committing the Democratic party
to be bound by the decisions of the Supreme Court
on all constitutional questions; but it did not get
