1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
many votes. It comes with ill grace, I respect-
fully submit, from the Democratic party, to be
preaching about standing up to the Dred Scottde-
cision, when you cannot to-day get them to pledge
themselves that the Supreme Court, even the pres-
ent court, is to be the arbiter on all questions
arising under the Constitution. They never have
done so. They denounced the decision of the
Supreme Court in the case of the United States
Bank; and although they had General Jackson in
the Presidency,otherPresidentsof the same faith,
and had the control of almost every State govern-
ment, they never tried to amend the Constitution
in that respect, or to take away the effect of that
decision; never! The Republican party very im-
properly follow a bad example which was set for
them; but, I imagine, with no better success.
Experience, under the decision, will not require
its reversal. I tell you it never will be done. I
tell you, gentlemen, that, in my opinion, the more
that is understood by gentlemen of the North and
South, the less inclined will they be to disturb it.
It was well said by the gentleman from Virginia,
[Mi'.Millson]—itwasadecison, mark you, con-
nected with this Kansas trouble—that it gave to
the North the kernel, and to the South the hull;
and that is about the whole of it.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I have presented these, con-
siderations, hoping thereby to get us in proper
frame of mind and disposition to work for the
peace of this country, because I desire to do my
duty, and my whole duty, while I am. in the
Union; and if I am forced to go out of it, I may
be also enabled to do my duty then. I tell gen-
tlemen that if, in spite of all the efforts of wise
and good men, the State from which I come de-
cides to dissolve her connection with this Gov-
ernment, mydestinies are, and will be,with her.
) know that when that event occurs peace cannot
long continue. A war, a terrible war, will ensue.
Whenever the people of the North and South
have once appealed to the God of battles, for
which I look with most fearful apprehension, a
civil war will follow that will end only 111 the de-
struction of all the great interests of all sections of
the country. Whenever t^at event comes, 1 know
my duty; and whether I have the nerve to bo there
myself or not, I know that such will be my duty,
and that it will also bemydutytodevoteto the ser-
vice my means, myself, and my children. When-
ever that struggle comes, you will find, North and
South, that the men who have sought most to
preserve the Union, who have been the last to
give it up, will be the first men to be found in the
rank and file on both sides of the bloody contest,
their means most liberally and fieely be devoted
to helping and maintaining the great, terrific, and
bloody struggle, and they will enter it on either
side for victory or death; and if theyfail in their
eftorts for the first, they will be found with then-
back to the field, and their feet to the foe.
I want gentlemen North and South to mark my
words: when these things come, when this bloody
strife ensues, as it certainly will unless this spirit
of disunion can be checked; when, mark you, this
country shall be laid waste; when all our channels
and communications of trade shall be broken up;
when the shipping in our ports shall be destroyed;
when our institutions of learning and religion shall
wither away or be torn down; when your cities
shall be given up for plunder and for slaughter;
when your sons and my sons, your neighbors and
my neighbors, shall be carried from this bloody
field of strife; and our mothers, our sisters, our
wives, and our daughters, shall assemble around
us, and, with weeping eyes and aching hearts,
say: "Could not you have done something, could
not you have said something, that would have
averted this dreadful calamity?" I want to fed in
my conscience and in my soul that I have done my
duty. [Suppresseilapplause.] Iwantyou,fellow-
men of the North, to be able to say that, upon a mere
abstraction, that upon a question of no practical
importance, you have not held out and refused to
yield for the sake of giving peace to the country?
I ask you, again, if you cannot give up this mere
abstraction?"For, with all due respect, I can never
envy the feelmgsof the man, North orSouth, who,
when that day of butchery and destruction shall
come, will feel in his heart that he stood out oil a
mere point of etiquette; that it he had yielded a
matterofno practical importance to him, or his con-
stituents, all trouble could have been avoided. I
ask gentlemen, North and South, if they will not
unite in settling these abstract questions, and give
peace to the country?
Mr. ALLEY obtained the floor.
Mr. DAWES. Will my colleague yield for a
motion to adjourn? >
Mr. ALLEY. I yield for that purpose.
Mr. DAWES moved that the House adjourn.
The motion was disagreed to.
Ml". ALLEY. Mr. Speaker, it is said we are
in the midst of a revolution. We are told that
this mighty political fabric of ours, erected and
bequeathed to us by our fathers, consecrated by
their prayers, and cemented by their blood, is to
bo overthrown. I have ever believed that this
could never occur; for I have had too much faith
in the wisdom of man to believe that a Union of
such inestimable value to all the material, social,
and political interests of that section which is the
only one that has ever seriously threatened its
destruction, could be dissolved by the action of
those whose in terests, aboveall others', that Union
alone could defend and preserve. History, either
ancient or modern, furnishes no parallel to such
political suicide.
But we must deal with facts as they are. Un-
accountably strange as it may appear, it is no less
true than strange, that several sovereign States of
this Union have dissolved, so far as they could,
all allegiance to this Government, and declared
themselves independent. Sir, a responsibility
rests upon us in this emergency weightier than
any ever before placed upon the Representatives
of the people since the foundation of the Govern-
ment.
In order that we may discharge our duty to our
constituents, to the country, and to mankind, it
may be well to inquire what are the causes of this
commotion, what will be the effect of disruption,
and where is the remedy to be found which is to
alltfy its aggravation, if notto cure this overshad-
owing evil? In orderto do this, wcshould becalm
and dispassionate, and investigate, not as heated
partisans, but in the spirit of patriotism and states-
manship. For one, I would subordinate every
consideration of party triumph to the salvation
of this Government, and the establishment of fra-
ternal relations between the different sections of
this great Confederacy. But I would never sac-
rifice and trample upon the eternal principles of
right to save this Government or any other.
As to the causes of the troubles that are upon
us, the history of the world shows that no slight
causes can ever produce revolution in national
Governments, with a reasonably intelligent people.
The seeds of the first French revolution were
planted, and almost in full fruition, long before
Louis XVI was born. That revolution culmi-
nated in the establishment of a despotism; which
was, however, preferable to the rule of that great-
est of French Kings, Louis XIV, the usurpations,
aggressions, and crimes of whose reign paled into
utter insignificance the errors and misdeeds of him
whom France beheaded. So it was with the Amer-
ican Revolution, which resulted in the establish-
ment of our independence. The people bore and
forebore, for a long scries of years, the aggres-
sions of the mother country, rather than resort to
the arbitrament of the sword. And it may not bo
unprofitable to remember, that previous to the
battle of Lexington, on the 19th of April, 1775,
there was a strong reaction in the public mind,
which rendered it extremely doubtful whether the
measures inaugurated by the Continental Con-
gress of 1774 would be sustained by the people.
But that conflict of arms on the plains of Lexing-
ton settled the question. So, I apprehend, it may
be with us. The first drop of blood that is shed
will be the signal, 1 fear, for a sanguinary con-
flict, that must end in a war of devastation, if not
extermination, of one section of this country,
which the soul sickens to contemplate.
The South tells us that the North lias been ag-
gressive upon their rights and interests, and deny
to them equal privileges under the Constitution.
Let us examine this charge; and God forbid that
I should say or do anything to aggravate existing
evils at the presentmoment. Nobody denies that
the fathers of the Republic were opposed to the ex-
tension ofs)avery,andbelieveditbea moral, social,
and political evil, to be tolerated upon no other
ground than that of uncontrollable necessity. One
of their first acts was to limit and circumscribe
slavery by prohibiting its introduction into all the
territory belonging to the United States. Their
avowed and determined policy was to make" free-
dom national, and slavery sectional." This pur-
pose of our republican fathers met with little or no
opposition North or South. The United States,
ushered into being by the heroes and patriots of
the Revolution, started upon a career of progress
and glory, with a success unparaileled in the his-
tory of the world, with the sentiment of opposi-
tion to the extension of slavery inscribed upon its
banner in words of liying light.
When we look at the prosperity of the teeming
millions who now inhabit that vast western terri-
tory from which slavery was excluded by the
wisdom, the sagacity, and humanity of our revo-
lutionary fathers, should wo not be degenerate
sons of most noble sires, if we could look with
indifference upon the extension of the blight and
curse of slavery ? Virginia's noblest son, and the
world's greatest man, stood where the Republican
party stand to-day upon this question of slavery.
So with all her eminent statesmen up to a very
recent period. Nearly all the gifted statesmen of
the South have left upon record their testimony
against the extension of slavery. And are we to
be accused of a want of fidelity to our constitu-
tional obligations for merely reechoing these sen-
timents of the most honored sons of the South?
Is this Government to be overthrown because we
cherish the sentiments of Washington, Henry,
Jefferson, Madison, Monroe, Pinclcney, and
Clay ? all of them men whom the South delighted
to honor ? Who ever heard of such madness and
folly ?
Costing aside all considerations of the question
of slavery in its moral aspect, is there anything
to commend it to our favorable regard as a ques-
tion of political economy? Contrast the slave
States with the free States, not invidiously, but
candidly, fairly, and honestly. Take them sep-
arately or collectively, and how will the slave
States compare with the free States ? Whether
you take those that are as old as the Constitution,
or those which have been admitted since, all bear
evidence of the fact that slavery is but an incubus
upon the growth and prosperity of every State
that tolerates it within its borders; a curse that
paralyzes its energies, and hinders its develop-
ment. How is it with the free States? The least
prosperous of the free States, whether you take
the old or the new, is more flourishing than the
best of the slave States; whether you regard their
material interests or their general intelligence.
Now, is there a candid man outside of this con-
troversy that will not say that these statements
are exactly true; that the policy of the fathers of
the Republic was to favor freedom and prevent
the extension of slavery; that the growth and
prosperity of the free States, and the languishing
condition of many of the slave States, prove con-
clusively that freedom favors growth and pros-
perity; while slavery, on the other hand, prevents
expansion and development? If this be so, and
such was the practice of our fathers, whose mem-
ory we cherish with enthusiastic reverence, why-
blame us for practicing upon their precepts ana
profiting by their example ?
But it is said by southern men now, that Wash-
ington, Henry, Jefferson, Madison, and others of
the past were mistaken. Mistaken ! Does the
growth, prosperity, and power of the mighty
West—which was a howling wilderness, almost
untrod by the step of civilized man, when they
ordained "that slavery should never exist upon
that virgin soil—prove that they were mistaken?
Is there anything in the present condition of their
own beloved Virginia, whom one of her own elo-
quent sons whom she delights to honor, now rep-
resenting this country at the Court of France, said
of her but a few years ago, in contrasting her con-
dition with that of Ohio, "she was barren, deso-
late, and'seared, as it were, by the avenging hand
of Heaven." "And to what," he exclaimed, "is
all this ascribable?" "Alone to the withering,
blasting effects of slavery." Is there anything, I
say, in this, to prove they were mistaken? jNfot
by any means. Experience has shown their al-
most superhuman wisdom in that ordinance of
1787. No! Sooner than condemn the great and
good men of the early days of the Republic, should
we not rather say, with a great southern states-
man, now no more, "nerveless be the arm, and
palsied forever be the tongue, that should talk and
vote in favorof the extension of human slavery ?"
Notwithstanding we show the position of the Re-
