APPENDIX
TO THE CONGRESSIONAI GLOBE.
36tii Cong.... 2d Sess.
3Iessage of the President.
Senate & Ho. of Reps.
MESSAGE
OF THE
PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES.
Fellow-Citizens of the Senate
and House of Representatives:
Throughout the year since our last meeting;,
the country lias been eminently prosperous in all
its material interests. The general health has
been excellent, our harvests have been abundant,
and plenty smiles throughoutthe land. Oureom-
nuTcc and manufactures have been prosecuted
with energy and industry, an'd have yielded fair
and ample returns. In short, no nation in the
tide of time 1ms ever presented a spectacle of
greater material prosperity than we have done
until within a very rccent period.
Why is it, then, that discontent now so extens-
ively prevails, and the Union of the States, which
is the source of all these blessings, is threatened
| with destruction? The long-continucd and in-
| temperate interference of the northern people with
I the question of slavery in the southern States has
at length produced its natural effects. The dif-
' fuient sections of the Union are now arrayed
i against each other, and the time has arrived, so
much dreaded by the Father of his Country, when
hostile geographical parties have been formed. I
have long foreseen and often forewarned my coun-
tiymen of the now impendingdanger. This does
nut pioceed solely fiom the claim on the part of
Congress or the Territorial Legislatures to ex-
clude slavery from the Territoiies, or from the
eifuits of different States to defeat the execution
of the fugitive slave law. All or any of these
ev ils might have been endured by the South with-
out danger to the Union—as others have been—
in the hope that time and reflection might apply
the remedy. The immediate peril arises, not so
much Aom these causes, as from the fact that
the incessant and violent agitation of the slavery
question throughout the North for the last
quarter of a century has at length produced its
malign influence on the slaves, and inspired
them with vague notions of freedom. Hence
a sense of security no longer exists around the
family altar. This feeling of peace at home has
given place to apprehensions of servile insurrec-
tion. Many a matron throughout the South re-
tires at night in dread of what may befall heis>elf
and her children befoie the morning. Should
this apprehension of domestic danger, whether
real or imaginary, extend and intensify itself
until it shall pervade the masses of the southern
people, then disunion will become inevitable. Self-
preservation is the first law of nature, and has
been implanted in the heart of man by his Cre-
ator for the wisest purpose; and no political union,
however fraught with blessings and benefits in all
other respects, can longcontinue, if the necessary
consequence be to render the homes and firesides
of nearly half the parties to it habitually and
Impel* sxiy insecure. Sooner or later the bonds
of such a Union must be severed. It is my con-
vicuon that this fatal period has not yet arrived;
and my prayer to God is that He would preserve
New Series—No. 1.
the Constitution and the Union throughout all
generations.
But let us take warning in time, and remove the
cause of danger. It cannot be denied that, for
five and twenty years, the agitation at the North
against slavery in the South has been incessant.
In 1835 pictorial handbills and inflammatory ap-
peals were circulated extensively throughout the
South, of u character to excite the passions of the
i slaves; and, in the language of General Jackson,
" to stimulate them to insurrection, and produce
all the horrors of a servile war." This agitation
has ever since been continued by the public press,
by the proceedings of State anu county conven-
tions, and by abolition sermons and lectures.
The time of Congress has been occupied in vio-
I lent speeches on this never-ending subject; and
i appeals in pamphletand otherforms, indorsed by
distinguished names, have been sent forth fiom
this central point, and spread broadcast o\er the
Union.
How easy would it be for the American peo-
ple to settle the slavery question forever, and to
restore peace and harmony to this distracted
country!
They, and they alone, can do it. All that is
necessaiyto accomplish the object, and all for
which the slave States have ever contended, is
to be let alone, and permitted to manage then-
domestic institutions in their own way. As sov-
ereign States, they, and they alone, are respons-
ible before God and thewoild for the slavery
existing among them. For tins, the people of
the North tire not more responsible, and have no
more right to interfere, than with similar institu-
tions m Russia or in Brazil. Upon their good
sense and patriotic foibearance I confess I still
greatly lely. Without their aid, it is beyond the
power of any President, no matter what may be
his own political proclivities, to restore peace and
haimouy among the States. Wisely limited and
restrained as is his power, under our Constitution
and laws, he alone can accomplish but little, for
good or for evil, on such a momentous question.
And this brings me to observe that the election
of any one of our fellow-citizens to the office of
President does not of itself afford just cause for
dissolving the Union. This is more especially
true if his election has been effected by a mere
plurality, and not a majority, of the people, and
lias resulted from transient and temporary causes,
which may probably never again occur. In order
to justify a resort to revolutionary resistance, the
Federal Government must be guilty of a " delib-
erate, palpable, and dangerous exercise" of pow-
ers not granted by the Constitution. The late
presidential election, however, has been held in
strict conformity with its express provisions.
How, then, can the result justify a revolution to
destroy this very Constitution ? Reason, justice,
a regard for the Constitution, all require that we
shall wait for some overt and dangerous act 011
the part of the President elect before resorting to
such a remedy.
It is said, however, that the antecedents of the
President elect have been sufficient to justify the
fears of the South that he will attempt to invade
their constitutional rights. But are such appre-
hensions of contingent danger in the future suffi-
cient to justify the immediate destruction of the
noblest system of government ever devised by
mortals? From the very nature of his office, and its
high responsibilities, he must necessarily be con-
servative. The stern duty of administering the
vast and complicated concerns of this Government
affords in itself a guarantee that he will not at-
tempt any violation of a-clear constitutional right.
After all, he is 110 more than the chief executive ,
officer of the Government. His province is not
to make, but to execute the laws; and it is a re-
markable fact in our history that, notwithstand-
ing the repeated efforts of the anti-slavery party,
110 single act has ever passed Congress, unless we
may possibly except the Missouri compromise,
I impairing, in the slightest degree, the rights of the
] South to their property in slaves. And it may
i also be observed, judging from present indica-
i Hons, that no probability exits of the passage of
such an act by a majority of both Houses, either
in the present or the next Congress. Surely,
under these circumstances, wc ought to be re-
strained from present action by the precept of
Him who spake as never man spake, that " suffi-
cient unto the day is the evil thereof." The day
of evil may never come, unless wc shall rashly
bring it upon ourselves.
It is alleged as one cause for immediate seces-
sion that the southern States are denied equal
rights with the other States in the common 1 cr-
ritorics. But by what authority aic these denied?
Not by Congress, which has never passed,and I
believe never will pass, any act to exclude sla-
; very from these Territories; and certainly not by
the Supreme Court, which has solemnly decided
that slaves are property, and like all other prop-
erty, their owners have a right to take them into
the common Territories, and hold them thereunder
the protection of the Constitution.
So far, then, as Congress is concerned, the ob-
jection is not to anything they have already done,
but to what they may do hereafter. It will surely
be admitted that this apprehension of future dan-
ger is 110 good icason for an immediate dissolu-
tion of the Union. . it is true that the Territorial
Legislature of Kansas, on the 23d of February,
386U, passed, in great haste, an act, over the veto
of the Governor, declaring that slavery " is, and
shall be, forever prohibited in this Territory."
Such an act, however, plainly violating the rights
of property secured by the Constitution, will
surely be declared \oid by the judiciary whenever
it shall be presented in a legal form.
Only three days after my inauguration the
Supreme Court of the United States solemnly
adjudged that this power did not exist in a Terri-
torial legislature. Yetsuch has been the factious
temper of the times th&t the correctness of this
decision has been extensively impugned before
the people, and the question has given rise to
angry political conflicts throughout the country.
Those who have appealed from this judgment of
our highest constitutional tribunal to popular as-
semblies would, if they could, invest a Territorial
Legislature with power to annul the sacred rights
of property. This power Congrop oxpio^sly,
forbidden by the Federal pon$iUiUion t,o" exo'reise.
