APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[December 3,
36tii Cong....2d
Message of the President.
Senate & IIo. of Reps.
Every State Legislature in the Union is forbidden
by its own constitution to exercise it. It cannot
be exercised in any State except by the people in
their highest sovereign capacity when framing or
amending their State constitution. In like man-
ner, it can only be exercised by the people of a
Territory represented in a convention of delegates
for the put pose of framing a constitution prepar-
atory to admission as a State into the Union.
Then, and not until then, are they invested with
power to decide the question whether slavery
shall or shall not exist within their limits. This
is an act of sovereign authority, and not of sub-
ordinate territorial legislation. Were it othei-
wisc, then indeed would the equality of the States
in the Territories be destroyed, and the fights of
property in slavfes would depend, not upon the
guarantees of the Constitution, but upon the
shifting majorities of an irresponsible Territorial
Legislature, Such a doctrine, from its intrinsic
unsoundness, cannot long influence any consid-
erable portion of our people; much less can it
afford a good reason for a dissolution of the
Union.
The most palpable violations of constitutional
duty which have yet been committed consist in
the acts of different State Legislatures to defeat
the execution of the fugitive slave law. It ought
to be remembered, however, that for these acts,
neither Congress nor any President can justly be
held responsible. Having been passed in viola-
tion of the Federal Constitution, they are there-
fore null and void. All the courts, both State and
national, before whom the question has arisen,
have, from the beginning, declared the fugitive
slave Jaw to be constitutional. The single excep-
tion is that of a State court in Wisconsin; and
this has not only been reversed by the proper
appellate tribunal, but has met with such univer-
sal reprobation that theie can be no danger from
it as a precedent. The validity of this law has
been established over and over again by the Su-
preme Court of the United States, with perfect
unanimity. It is founded upon an express pro-
vision of the Constitution, requiring that fugitive
slaves who escape from service in one State to
another,shall be " delivered up" to their masters.
Without tins provision it is a well-known histor-
ical fact that the Constitution itself could never
have been adopted by the convention. In one
form or other under the acts of 1793 and 3850,
both being substantially the same, the fugitive
slave law Tuts been the law of the land from the
days of Washington until the present moment.
Here, then, a clear case is presented, in which it
will be the duty of the next President, as it has
been my own, to act with vigor in executing this
supreme law against the conflicting enactments of
State Legislatures. Should he fail'm the perform-
ance of this high duty, ho will then have mani-
fested a disregard of the Constitution and laws,
to the great injury of the people of nearly one
half of the States of the CJnion. But are we to
presume in advance that he will thus violate his
duty? This would be at war with cvury princi-
ple of justice and of Christian charity. Let us
"wait for the overt act. The fugitive slave law
has been carried into execution m every contested
case since the commencement of the present Ad-
ministration; though often, it is to be regretted,
with gloat loss and inconvenience to the master,
and with considerable expense to the Govern-
ment. Let us trust that the State Legislatures
will repeal their unconstitutional and obnoxious
enactments. Unless this shall be done without
unnecessary delay, it is impossible forany human
power to save the Union.
The southern States, standing on the basis of
the Constitution, have a right to demand this act
of justice from the States of the North. Should
it be refused, then the Constitution, to which all
the States aie parties, will have been willfully
violated by one portion of them in a provision
essential to the domestic Security and happiness
of fhe remainder. In that event, the injured
States, after having first used all peaceful and
constitutional means to obtain ledress, would be
justified in revolutionary resistance to the Gov-
ernment of the Union.
1 have purposely confined my remarks to rev-
olutionary resistance, because it has been claimed
within the last few years, that any State, when- |
ever this shall be its sovereign will and pleasure,
may secede from the Union, in accordance with the
Constitution,and without any violation of the con-
stitutional rights of the other members of the Con-
federacy; that as each became parties to the Union
by the vote of its own people assembled in con-
vention, so any one of them may retire from the
Union in a similar manner by the vote of such a
convention.
In order to justify secession as a constitutional
remedy, it must be on the principle that the Fed-
eral Government is a mere voluntary association
of States, to be dissolved at pleasure by any one
of the contracting parties. If this be so, the Con-
federacy is a rope of sand, to be penetrated and
dissolved by the first adverse wave of public
opinion in any of the States. In this manner our
thirty-three States may resolve themselves into
as many petty, jarring, and hostile republics, each
one retiring from the Union, without responsi-
bility, whenever any sudden excitement might
i ipel them to such a course. By this process, a
Union might be entirely broken into fragments
in a few weeks, which cost our forefathers many
years of toil, privation, and bloody to establish.
Such a principle is wholly inconsistent with the
history as well as the character of the Federal
Constitution. After it was framed, with the
greatest delibeiation and care, it was submitted
to conventions of the people of the several States
for ratification. Its provisions were discussed at
length in these bodies, composed of the first men
of the country. Its opponents contended that it
conferred powers upon the Federal Government
dangerous to the rights of the States; while its
advocates maintained that under a fair construc-
tion of the instrument there was no foundation
for such apprehensions, in that mighty struggle
between the first intellects of this or any other
country, it never occurred to any individual, either
among its opponents or advocates, to assert, or
even to intimate, that their efforts were all vain
labor, because the moment that any State felt
herself aggrieved she might secede from the Union.
W hat a crushing argument would this have proved
against those who dreaded that the rights of the
States would be endangered by the Constitution!
The truth is, that it was not until many years
after the origin of the Federal Government that
such a pioposition was first advanced. It was
then met and refuted by the conclusive arguments
of General Jackson, who, in his message of 16th
of January, 1833, transmitting the nullifying or-
dinance of South Carolina to Congress, employs
the following language: "The right of the people
of a single State to absolve themselves at will,
and without the consent of the other States, from
their most solemn obligations, and hazard the
liberty and happiness of the millions composing
this Union, cannot be acknowledged. Such au-
thority is believed to bo utterly repugnant both
to the principles upon which the General Govern-
ment is constituted and to the objects which it
was expressly formed to attain."
It is not pretended that any clause in the Con-
stitution gives countenance to such a theory. It
is altogether founded upon inference, not from
any language contained m the instrument itself,
but from the sovereign character of the several
States by which it was ratified. But is it beyond
the power of a State, like an individual, to yield
a portion of its sovereign rights to secure the re-
mainder? In the language of Mr. Madison, who
has been called the father of the Constitution,
"it was formed by the States—that is, by the
people in each of the States, acting in their high-
est sovereign capacity; and formed consequently
by the same authority which formed the State
constitutions.
" Nor is the Government of the United States
created by the Constitution less a Government
in the strict sense of the term, within the sphere
of its powers, than the governments created by
the constitutions of the States are within their
several spheres. It is, like them, organized into
legislative, executive, and judiciary departments.
It operates, like them, directly on persons and
things; and, like them, it has at command a
physical force forexecutmg the powers committed
to it.??
It was intended to be perpetual, and not to be
annulled at the pleasure of any one of the con-
tracting parties. The old Articles of Confederal
tion were entitled "Articles of Confederation and
Perpetual Union between the States;" and by the
thirteenth article it is expressly declared that
" the articles of this Confederation shall b( mw-
olably observed by every State, and the Union
shall be pc-rpetual." The preamble to the Con-
stitution of the United States, having express ref-
erence to the Articles of Confederation, recites
that it was established " in order to form a more
perfect union." And yet it is contended that this
" more perfect union" does notinclude the essen-
tial attribute of perpetuity.
But that the Union was designed to be perpet-
ual appears conclusively from the nature and ex-
tent of the powers conferred by the Constitution
on the Federal Government. Those powers em-
brace the very highest attributes of national sov-
ereignty. They place both the sword and the
purse under its control. Congress has power to
make war, and tp make peace; to raise and sup-
port armies and navies, and to conclude treaties
with foi eign Governments. It is invested with
the power to coin money, and to regulate the
value thereof, and to regulate commerce with for-
eign nations, and among the several States. It is
not necessary to enumerate the other high poweis
which have been conferred upon the Federal Gov-
ernment. In order to carry the enumerated pow-
ers into effect, Congress possesses the exclusive
right to lay and collect duties on imports, and in
common with the States to lay and collect all
other taxes.
But the Constitution has not only conferred
these high powers upon Congress, but it has
adopted effectual means to restrain the States
from interfering with their exercise. For that
purpose it has, in strong prohibitory language,
expiessly declared'fchat " no State shall enter into
any treaty, alliance, or confederation; grant let-
ters of marque and reprisal; coin money; emit bills
of credit; make anything but gold and silver coin
a tender in payment of debts; pass any bill of
attainder, ex post facto law, or law impairing tho
obligation of contracts." Moreover, "without
the consent of Congress, no State shall lay any
imposts or duties on any imports or exports, ex-
cept what may be absolutely necessary for exe-
cuting its inspection laws;" and, if they exceed
this amount, theexcess shall belong to the United
States.
And "no State shall, without the consent of
Congress, lay any duty of tonnage; keep troops
or ships-of-war in time of peace; enter into any
agreement or compact with another State, or w ith
a foreign Power; or engage in war, unless actually
invaded, or in such imminent danger as will not
admit of delay."
In order still further to secure the uninter-
rupted exercise of these high powers against
State interposition, it is provided " that this Con-
stitution and the laws of the United States which
shall be made in pursuance thereof, and all trea-
ties made, or which shall be made, under the au-
thority of the United States, shall be the supi eme
law of the land; and the judges in every State
shall be bound thereby, anything in the consti-
tution or laws of any State to the contrary not-
withstanding."
The solemn sanction of religion has been super-
added to the obligations of official duty, and all
Senators and Representatives of theUnitcd States,
all members of State Legislatures, and all exec-
utive and judicial officers, " both of the United
States and of the several States, shall be bound
by oath or affirmation to support this Constitu-
tion."
In order to carry into effect these powers, the
Constitution has established a perfect Govern-
ment in all its forms, legislative, executive, and
judicial; and this Government, to the exterf ot
its powers, acts directly upon the individual citi-
zens of every State, and executes its own decrces
by the agency of its own officers. In this respect
it differs entirely from the Government under tho
old Confederation, which was confined to making
requisitions on the States in their sovereign char-
acter. This left it in the discretion of eacn whether
to obey or to refuse, and they often declined to
comply with such requisitions. It thus became
necessary, for the purpose of removing this bar-
rier, and "in order to form a more perfect Union,"
