1860.1
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
36th Cong. ... 2d Sess.
Message of ike President.
Senate & Ho. of Reps.
to establish a Government which could act directly
upon the peoplet and execute its own laws with-
out the intermediate agency of the States. This
lias been accomplished by the Constitution of the
United States.
In short, the Government created by the Con-
stitution, and deriving its authority from the sov-
ereign people of each of the several States, has
precisely the same right to exercise its power
over the people of all these States, in the enumer-
ated cases, that each one of them possesses over
subjects not delegated to the United States, but
"reserved to the States, respectively, or to the
people."
To the extent of the delegated powers, the Con-
stitution of the United States is as much a part of
the constitution of each State, and is as binding
upon its people, as though it had been textually
inserted therein.
This Government, therefore, is a great and
powerful Government, invested with all the attri-
butes of sovereignty over the special subjects to
which its authority extends. Its framers never
intended to implant in its bosom the seeds of its
own destruction, nor were they at its creation
guilty of the absurdity of providing for its own
dissolution. It was not intended by its framers
to be the baseless fabric of a vision which, at the
■touch of the enchanter, would vanish into thin
air; but a substantial and mighty fabric, capable
of resisting the slow decay of time and of defying
the storms of ages. Indeed, well may the jealous
patriots of that day have indulged fears that a Gov-
ernment of such high powers might violate the
reserved rights of the States; and wisely did they
adopt the rule of a strict construction of these
powers to prevent the danger! But they did not
iear, nor had they any reason to imagine, that
the Constitution would ever be so interpreted as
to enable any State, by her own act, and without
the consent of her sister States, to discharge her
people from all or any of their Federal obliga-
tions.
It may be asked, then, are the people of the
States without redress against the tyranny and
oppiession of the Federal Government? By no
means. The right of resistance 011 the part of
the governed against the oppression of their Gov-
ernments cannot be denied. It exists independ-
ently of all constitutions, and has been exercised
at all periods of the world's history. Under it
old governments have been destroyed, and new
ones have taken their place. It is embodied in
strong and express language in our own Declara-
tion of Independence. But the distinction must
ever be observed, that this is revolution against
nil established Government, and not a voluntary
secession from it by virtue of an inherent consti-
tutional right. In short, let us look the danger
fairly in the face: Secession is neither more nor
less than revolution. It may or it may not be a
justifiable revolution, but still it is revolution.
What, in the mean time, is the responsibility
and ti ue position of the Executive ? He is bound
by solemn oath before God and the country " to
take care that the laws be faithfully executed,"
and from this obligation he cannot be absolved
by any human power. But what if the perform-
ance of this duty, in whole or in part, has been
rendered impracticable by events over which he
could have exercised 110 control? Such, at the
present moment, is the case throughout the State
of South Carolina, so far as the laws of the Uni-
ted States to secure the administration of justice
by means of the Federal judiciary are concerned.
All the Federal officers within its limits, through
whose agency alone these laws can be carried
into execution, have alieady resigned. We no
longer have a district judge, a district attorney,
or a marshal, in South Carolina. In fact, the
whole machinery of the Federal Government,
necessary for the distribution of remedial justice
among the people, lias been demolished; and it
would be difficult, if not impossible, to replace it.
The only acts of Congress on the statute-book
beaiing upon this subject are those of the 28th
Februaiy, 1795, and 3d March, 1807. These
autlionze the Piesident, after he shall have ascer-
tained that the maislial, with his posse comitatus,
is unable to execute civil or criminal process in
any paiticular ease, to call forth the militia and
employ the Army and Navy to aid him in per-
forming this service; having first, by proclama-
tion, commanded the insurgents " to disperse and
' retire peaceably to their respective abodes, within
a limited time."' This duty cannot by possibility
be performed in a State where no judicial author-
ity exists to issue process, and where there is 110
marshal to execute it, and where, even if there
were such an officer, the entire population would
constitute one solid combination to resist him.
The bare enumeration of these provisions proves
how inadequate they are without further legisla-
tion to overcome a united opposition in a single
State, not to speak of other States who may
place themselves in a similar attitude. Congress
alone has power to decide whether the present
laws can or cannot be amended so as tocariyout
more effectually the objects of the Constitution.
The same insuperable obstacles do not'lie in
the way of executing the laws for the collection
of the customs. The revenue still continues to
be collected, as heretofore, at the custom-house
in Charleston; and should the collector unfortu-
nately resign, a successor may be appointed to
perform tins duty.
Then, in regard to the property of the United
States in South Carolina. This has been pur-
chased for a fair equivalent, " by the consent of
the Legislature of the State," " for the erection of
forts, magazines, arsenals, "&c., and over these the
authority "to exercise exclusive legislation" has
been expressly gran ted by the Constitution to Con-
gress. it is not believed that any attempt will
be made to expel the United States from this
property by force; but if in this 1 should prove
to be mistaken, the officer in command of the
forts has received orders to act strictly 011 the
defensive. ill sucli a contingency, the responsi-
bility for consequences would rightfully rest upon
the heads of the assailants.
Apart from the execution of the laws,so far as
this may be practicable, the Executive has no
authority to decide what shall be the relations
between the Federal Government and South Car-
olina. He has been invested with 110 such dis-
cretion. He possesses 110 power to change the
relations heretofore existing between them, much
less to acknowledge the independence of that
State. This would be to invest a mere Executive
officer with the power of recognizing the dissolu-
tion of the Confederacy among our thirty-three
sovereign States. It bears no resemblance to the
recognition of a foreign de facto Government, in-
volving no such responsibility. Any attempt to
do this would, on his part, be a naked act of
usurpation. It is, therefore, my duty to submit
to Congress the whole question in all its bearings.
The course of events is so rapidly hastening for-
ward, that the emergency may soon arise when
you may be called upon to decide the moment-
ous question whether you possess the power, by
force of arms, to compel a State to remain in the
Union. I should feel myself recreant to my duty
were I not to express an opinion 011 this import-
ant subject.
The question fairly stated is: Has the Consti-
tution delegated to Congress the power to coerce
a State into submission which is attempting to
withdraw or has actually withdrawn fiom the
Confederacy? If answered in the affirmative, it
must bo 011 the principle that the power has been
conferred upon Congress to declare and to make
war against a State. After much serious reflec-
tion I have arrived at the conclusion that no such
power has been delegated to Congress or to any
other department of the Federal Government. It
is manifest, upon an inspection of the Constitu-
tion, that this is not among the specific and enu-
meiated powers granted to Congress; and it is
equally apparent that its exercise is not ££ neces-
sary and proper for carrying into execution "any
one of these powers. So far from this power
having been delegated to Congress, it was ex-
pressly refused by the convention which framed
the Constitution.
It appears, from the proceedings of that body,
that on the 31st May, 1787, the clause " author-
izing an exertion of the force of the whole against
a delinquent State" came up for consideration.
Mr. Madison opposed it in a brief but poweiful
speech, from which I shall extract but a single
sentence. He observed : "The qso of force
against a State would look more hlse a declara-
tion of war*than an infliction of punishment; and
would probably be considered by the party at-
tacked as a dissolution of all previous compacts
by which it might be bound." Upon his motion
the clause was unanimously postponed, and was
never, I believe, again presented. Soon" afterwards,
on the 8th June, 1787, when incidentally advert-
ing to the subject, he said: "Any Government
for the United States, formed on the supposed
practicability of using force against the unconsti-
tutional proceedings of the States, would prove
as visionary and fallacious as the government of
Congress, evidently meaning the then existing
Congress of the old Confederation.
. Without descending to particulars, it may be
safely asserted, that the power to make war against
a State is at variance with the whole spirit and
intent of the Constitution. Suppose such a war
should result in the conquest of a State: how arc
we to govern it afterwards? Shall we hold it as
a province, and govern it by despotic power ? In
the nature of things we could not, by physical
force, control the will of the people, and compel
them to elect Senators and Representatives to
Congress, and to perform all the other duties de-
pending upon their own volition, and required
from the free citizens of a free State as a constitu-
ent member of the Confederacy.
But, if we possessed this power, would it be
wise to exercise it under existing circumstances?
The object would doubtless be to preserve the
Union. War would not only present the most
effectual means of destroying it; but would banish
all hope of its peaceable reconstruction. Besides,
in the fraternal conflict a vast amount of blood
and treasure would be expended, rendering future
reconciliation between the States impossible. In
the mean time, who can foretell what would be
the sufferings and privations of the people during
its existence?
The fact is, that our Union rests upon public
opinion, and can never be cemented by the blood
of its citizens shed in civil war. If it cannot live
in the affections of the people, it must one day
perish. Congress possess many means of pre-
serving it by conciliation; but the sword was not
placed ill their hand to preserve it by fojee.
But may I be permitted solemnly to invoke my
countrymen to pause and deliberate, before they
determine to destroy this, the grandest temple
which has ever been dedicated to human freedom
since the world began I It has been consecrated
by the blood of our fathers, by the glories of the
past, and by the hopes of the future. The Union
has already made us the most prosperous, and
ere long will, if preserved, render us the most
powerful nation on the face of the earth. In
every foreign region of the globe the title of
American citizen is held in the highest respcct,
and, when pronouncei^in a foreign land, it causes
the hearts of our countrymen to swell with hon-
est pride. Surely when we reach the brink of the
yawning abyss, we shall recoil with horror from
the last fatal plunge. By such a dread catastrophe
the hopes of the friends of freedom throughout
the woild would be destroyed, and a long night
of leaden despotism would enshroud the nations.
Our example for more than eighty years would
ndt only be lost, but it would be quoted as a con-
clusive proof that man is unfit for self-govern-
ment.
It is not every wrong—nay, it is not every
grievous wrong—which can justify a resort to
such a fearful alternative. This ought to be the
last desperate remedy of a despairing people, af=
tcr every other constitutional means of concilia-
tion had been exhausted. We should reflect that
under this free Government there is an incessant
ebb and flow in public opinion. The slavery ques-
tion, like everything human, will haveits day, I
firmly believe that it has already reached and
passed the culminating point. But if, in the midst
of the existing excitement, the Union shall per-
ish, the evil may then become irreparable, Con-
gress can contribute much to avert it by propos-
ing and recommending to the Legislatures of the
seveial States the remedy for existing eiils, which
the Constitution has itself proridid t">j- iis own
preservation. This has been tutrd tit different
critical pellods of our history, and always with
eminent guceiss. It if> to be found in the fifth
article providing for its own amendment. Under
