1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. X witt say to
the Senate that this resolution originated with the
Committee on Public Lands. It is a resolution
that is designed to distribute the Land Office
report to the extent of the order proposed here.
The information which is communicated in the
report of the Commissioner of Public Lands, at
this session of Congress, is very valuable. The
great reputation of the officer at the head of that
bureau, and his extraordinary abilities, are famil-
iar, 1 believe, to every member of theScnate. I "frill
state that I have caused to be prepared a synop-
sis that is perhaps too long to be read now, call-
ing especially the attention of the Senate to the
contents of the report. There never has been
made a report so full and so entirely satisfactory
from that bureau, from the day of its origin to
the present time. It is a report of vmequaled
ability; it is a report unequaled in the extent and
the accuracy and the satisfactory character of
the information that it gives. I hope and trust
that this resolution from the Committee on Pub-
lic Printing, which was put on foot at the instance
of the Committee on Public Lands, will be adopted
at once, and this order given by the Senate. The
report itself is, from this time forward, I have no
question, to become the hand-book of every stu-
dent of our system of public lands, and every
student of the geographical character and history
of the United States. I can have no question
that it will be adopted. 1 hope that it may.
The resolution was agreed to.
PROCEEDINGS OF MEETINGS. *
Mr. CRITTENDEN. 1 am requested to pre-
sent an appeal to the Senate by the presidents of
a great amount and extent of railroad property
m this country, who met here recently on busi-
ness connected with those railroads; and, having
finished that business, thought that they might,
without impropriety, venture to express their
opinions on the great subject of the day. They
did also unanimously pass resolutions declaratory
of their opinion, and a resolution requesting tha^
I should present them to the Senate, which r
now do, and ask that they be read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary will
read the memorial.
The Secretary read, as follows:
Willard's Hotel,
Washington City, J unitary % 3,1801.
At a meeting of the repiesentative.s of the four groat East
and West railroad linos, and their principal connections,
held in this city, the tallowing named persons being pres-
ent :
J. Edgar Thomson, president Pennsylvania Central Rail-
road Company; Erasttis Corning, president New York Cen-
tral Bajlroad Company; C.Vibbdrd,general superintendent
Now York Cent/al Railroad Compan>; Nathaniel March, re-
ceiver New York and Erie railroad; S. M. Felton, president
Philadelphia, Wilmington, and Daltimoie Kailioad Com-
pany; Thomas L . Jewett, piesident Pittsbuiq, Columbus,
and Cincinnati Railroad Company; John W. Garrett, pres-
ident Baltimore and Ohio Railioad Company; S.S. L'Hom-
medieu, president Cincinnati, Hamilton, and Dayton luul-
road Company ; Wan-on Colburn, vice president Toledo and
Wabash Railroad Company; J. J. Houston,general agent
Pitt&burs, Foit Wayne, and Chicago Railroad Company;
John S. Barbour, piesident Oiange and Alexandra llaihoad
Company ; S. M. T,. Railow, president ot the Ohio and
Mississippi llaihoad Company; John R. Thomson, secre-
tary Camden and Amboy Railroad Company; C. S. Tap-
pan,general agent Philadelphia and Elmira line ; Lane An-
derson, director Little Miami Railroad 
Mr. HALE, i rise to a question of order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary will
suspend the reading of the paper.
Mr. HALE. I want to know if that is a. peti-
tion or a memorial addressed to the Senate.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Yes.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair under-
stood the Senator from Kentucky to say that it
was.
Mr. HALE. If it is what I saw 111 the news-
papers, purporting to he the proceedings of that
meeting, it is not of that kind. Of course, 1 do
rot want to question the Senator's word ■
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
ask the Senator from Kentucky whether it is a
memorial addressed to the Senate?
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I stated exactly what
it was. The gentleman need not question my
word.
Mr. HALE. I did not.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. He may make a ques-
tion as to the propriety of receiving' the paper.
jSIO/i
state
587
Mr. CRITTENDENTVI stated exactly what
it was; that they had passed the resolutions ex-
pressive of their views; and, by an additional res-
olution, declared that they should be presented to
the Senate, and that I should present them. I
take that to be, in substance, an address to the
Senate.
Mr. HALE. I object to its reception.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Well, sir 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is,
" Shall the naper be read ?"
Mr. HAJJE. I do not object to its reading, but
to its reception.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I suppose that is a
question of order to be decided by the Presiding
Officer.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Then the Presid-
ing Officcr, upon the statement of the Senator
from Kentucky, and upon the action of the Sen-
ate on two occasions within the last week, must
decide that, not being a memorial, it cannot be
received.
Mr. HALE. Very well, sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senate so
decided.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Cannot a citizen ap-
peal to Congress in the language of resolution as
well as any other form of petition ? There is no
form of petition given. The Constitution only
guaranties to citizens the right of petitioning Con-
gress. I do not see the distinction.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair would
call the attention of the Senator from Kentucky
to the fact that his colleague the other day pre-
sented resolutions passed by a convention m the
State of Kentucky, which were sent to him with
the request that they should be laid before the
Senate; and on the vote of the Senate, the paper
was not received, because it was not a memorial.
The other day, afterwards, a similar resolution
was presented by some other Senator, and by a
vote of the Senate not received upon the same
ground. The Senator from Missouri, I think,
offered resolutions adopted at a great meeting at
St. Louis.
Mr. POLK. Yes, sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This seems to be
of the same character, and the Chair feels himself
bound by the action of the Senate on those oc-
casions.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Mr. President 
Mr. MASON. Will the Senator allow me to
say a word? I was aware of that action of the
Senate on the cases alluded to by the Chair, and
therefore declined the request of a public meeting
in my State to present their proceedings to the
Senate, and informed them that the Senate had
declined to receivc papers of that character. I
conformed my action to it. I do not know any-
thing about this paper.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Will the Secretary be
pleased to read, for my information, the last reso-
lution informally? or if he will hand it to me, I
will read it myself.
The Sccietary read, as follows:
"Resolved, That the chairman be requested to commu-
nicate tlie action of this meeting to Hon. John J. Crit-
tenden. of the Senate, and Hon. Thomas Corwin, Rep-
resentative m Congless, lor tlie purpose of presentation to
the Senate and the House of Repiescntativcs."
Mr. POWELL. If my colleague will allow
me, I will state that the resolutions which I pre-
sented from Kentucky were different from these
now before the Senate, in this: The mass meeting
in Kentucky did not adopt any resolution request-
ing their proceedings to be presented to the
Senate. I was requested by a letter from the offi-
cers of the meeting to present them. The reso-
lutions presented a moment since by my colleague
distinctly declare that they desire them to be pre-
sented to the Senate. I think there is a very
marked difference between the cates.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I think so, Mr. Presi-
dent; and, with all pioper regard to the decision
of the Chair, which seems to conform to similar
cases as it is supposed, I desire, from a clear con-
viction that this does come within the privilege
secured by the Constitution, of petitioning Con-
gress, to take an appeal fiom the decision of the
Chair, and do so in order that the question may
be settled bv the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If agreeable to the
whether the
Mr. HALE'. I beg' the Senator's pardon. I ,
should be the last man entirely to question his ;j Senator from Kentucky, the Chair will subn j ,
wor(j .! the question to the Senate, which will bring about ,
the same result. The question
paper shall be received.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Certainly.
Mr. GRIMES. I think a case precisely sim-
ilar to this occurred in the Senate at its last ses-
sion. A meeting wa's held somewhere in the State
of New York, if I remember rightly, and resolu-
tions were submitted to that meeting, and adopted,
requesting the Senator from Oregon [Mr. Lane)
to present the proceedings of that meeting to the
Senate. When they were presented here, the
Senator from Mississippi, the chairman of the
Committee on Military Affairs and Militia, [Mr,
Davis,] objected to their consideration, and they
were not received at that time; and that action of
the Senate was universally concurred in by all
the members of this body. I think the case is
exactly similar.
Mr. HALE. As I raised this question, I wish
simply to state, in a very few words, the reason
of it. I, of course, hare no want of respect to
the gentlemen composing the meeting, nor to the
Senator who presents these proceedings;"but my
recollection, after a somewhat protracted service
in the Senate, is, that the Senate have uniformly,
whenever the question has been raised, refused
to receive the proceedings of meetings on various
subjects, unless they ended with a prayer or a
memorial to the Senate. This was a meeting of
gentlemen whom I understand to be superintend-
ents and presidents of railroads—a very import-
ant class of people—held at Willard's hotel; and
I think the proper course would have been for
tlicm to request some gentleman that boards at
Willard's to hand them to Willard, and ask him
to keep them there as a record of what was done
at his house; but they are certainly not a record
of the Senate—not proceedings for its considera-
tion. That is my view.
Mr. POLK. I do not know what has been the
course of the Senate on this subject; but on a se- .
riesof resolutions presented bymyself afewdays
since from the city of St. Louis, the Senate voted
to reject them. I thought at the time it was not
exactly right. I suppose that any single citizen
of the United States has a right to petition Con-
gress for a redress of grievances, or for any meas-
ure that he deems proper for the action of that
body, if, indeed, the action be such as the body
should take. Now, sir, here is a series of reso-
lution passed by gentlemen, all admitted to be
respectable, apd in the resolutions themselves
there is a request that they be presented to Con-
gress. Each one of these gentlemen might have
presented these resolutions as an individual citi-
zen. If he had presented them in the shape of a
petition to Congress, as an individual citizen, this
body would undoubtedly receive them. Here are
a number of gentlemen that unite in the paper a
request that it shall be presented to Congress, it
seems to me that it is a petition of amuchstronger
character than the sort to which I have just re-
ferred. I admit that in the case which was re-
ferred to by the Presiding Officer, from Missouri,
the action of tlie Senate was adverse to the recep-
tion of the resolutions passed by the meeting. I
thought myself at the time that it was a-bad pre-
cedent, ana if we follow that precedent, it will be
following a bad line of precedents. I shall my-
self vote for the reception of the resolutions pre-
sented by the Senator from Kentucky.
Mr. LANE. In the case alluded to by the
Senator from Iowa, [Mr. Grimes,] which I rec-
ollect very well, the proceedings there had were
at one of the largest meetings, perhaps, ever held
in the State of New York. At that meeting res-
olutions were adopted, and the proceedings were
forwarded to me, with a request in the last reso-
lution that I would present them to the Senate. I
did it, and recollect very well that the course pur-
sued by tlie Senate was just as stated by the Sen-
ator froin Iowa. With the proceedings of the
Senate then, I felt satisfied. I heard the state-
ment of the Senator from Mississippi, who recol-
lected well the course of the Senate xipon such
matters, and was satisfied that the proper action
was had then. I shall treat all other proceedings
of any meeting in the same manner that they were
treated.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Mr. President, in the
days when the Constitution was made, the right
of petition, which is nothing- more than the ™ght
of a popular appeal to the representative body of
the Government, was thought to be of some value.
