APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[December 3,
36'tii Cong....2d Sess.
Message of the President.
Senate & Ho. of Reps.
this article amendments have been proposed by
two thirds of both Houses of Congress, and have
been-4' ratified by the Legislatures of three fourths
of the several States," and have consequently be-
come parts, of the Constitution. To this process
the country is indebted for the clause prohibiting
Congress from passing any law respecting an
establishment ot religion, or abridging the free-
dom of speech, or of the press, or of the right of
petition. To this we are also indebted for the bill
of rights, which secures the people against any
abuse of power by the Federal Government. Such
were the apprehensions justly entertained by the
friends of State rights at that period as to have
rendered it extremely doubtful whether the Con-
stitution could have long survived without these
amendments.
Again, the Constitution was amended by the
same process after the election of President Jef-
ferson by the House of Representatives, in Feb-
ruary, 1803. This amendment was rendered ne-
cessary to prevent a recurrence of the dangers
which had seriously tlneatened the existence of
the Government during the pendency of that elec-
tion. The article for its own amendment was in-
tended to secure the amicable adjustment of con-
flicting constitutional questions like the present,
which might arise between the governments of
the States and that of the United States. This
appears from cotemporaneous history. In this
connection, I shall merely call attention to a few
sentences in Mr. Madison's justly celebrated re-
port, in 1799, to the Legislature of Virginia. In
this he ably and conclusively defended the reso-
lutions of the preceding Legislature against the
strictures of several other State Legislatures.
These were mainly founded upon the protest of
the Virginia Legislature against the "alien and
sedition acts," as " palpable and alarming infrac-
tions of the Constitution." In pointing out the
peaceful and constitutional remedies—and ho re-
ferred to none other—to which the States were
authorized to resort on such'occasions, he con-
cludes by saying," that the Legislatures of the
States might have made a direct representation to
Congress with a mow to obtain a rescinding of
the twos*oftensive acts; or they might have repre-
sented to their respective Senators in Congress
their wish that two thuds theieof would propose
an explanatory amendment to the Constitution;
or two thirds of themselves, if such had been their
option, might, by an application to Congress,
have obtained a convention for the same object."
This is the very course which I earnestly rec-
ommend in order to obtain an "explanatory
amendment" of the (.*■>.istitution on the subjectof
slavery. This ;'.i ouginate with Congress or
the State Legislatures, as may be deemed most
advisable to attain the object.
The explanatory amendment might be confined
to the final settlement of the Uue construction of
the Constitution on three special points:
1. An express recognition of the right of prop-
erty in slaves in the States where it nowexistsor
may hereafter exist.
2. The duty of protecting this right in all the
common Territories throughout their territorial
existence, and until they shall be admitted as
States into the Union, with or withoutslavery, as
their constitutions may prescribe.
3. A like recognition of the right of the master
to have his slave, who has escaped from one State
to another, restored and "delivered up" to him,
and of the validity of the fugitive slave law enacted
for this purpose, together with a declaration that
all State laws impairing or defeating this right
are violations of the Constitution, and are conse-
quently null and void.
It may be objected that this construction of the
Constitution has already been settled by the Su-
preme Court of the United States, and what more
ought to be required? The answer is, that a very
large proportion of the people of the United States
still contest the correctness of this decision, and
never will cease from agitation and admit its
binding force until clearly established by the peo-
ple of the several States in their sovereign char-
acter. Such an explanatory amendment would,
it is believed, forever terminate the existing dis-
sensions and restore peace and harmony among
the States.
It ought not to be doubted that such an appeal
to the arbitrament established by the Constitu-
tion itself would be received with favor by all the
States of the Confederacy. In-any event it ought
to be tried in a spirit of conciliation before any
of these States shall separate themselves from the
Union.
When I entered upon the duties of the presi-
dential office, the aspect neither of our foreign
nor domestic affairs was at all satisfactory. We
were involved in dangerous complications with
several nations, and two of our Territories were
in a state of revolution against the Government.
A restoration of the African slave trade had nu-
merous and powerful advocates. Unlawful mil-
itary expeditions were countenanced by many of
our citizens, and were suffered, in defiance of the
efforjs of the Government, to escape from our
shores, for the purpose of making war upon the
unoffending people of neighboring Republics with
whom we were at peace. In addition to these
and other difficulties, we experienced a revulsion
in monetary affairs soon after my advent to power,
of unexampled severity and of ruinous conse-
quences to all the great interests of the country.
When we take a retrospect of what was then our
condition, and contrast this with its material pros-
perity at the time of the late presidential election,
we have abundant reason to return our grateful
thanks to that merciful Providence which has
never forsaken us as a nation in all our past trials.
our foreign relations.
Great Britain.
Our relations with Great Britain are of the most
friendly character. Since the commencement of
my administration, the two dangerous questions
arising from the Clayton and Bulwcr treaty and
from the light of search claimed by the British
Government, have been amicably and honorably
adjusted.
The discordant constructions of the Clayton and
Bui we r treaty between the two Governments,
which, at difterent periodsof the discussion, bore
a threatening aspect, have resulted in a final set-
tlement entirely satisfactoiy to this Government.
In my last annual message 1 informed Congress
that The British Government had not then " com-
pleted treaty arrangements with the Republics of
Honduras and Nicaragua, in pursuance of the
understanding between the two Governments. It
is nevei thelcssconfidently expected that this good
work will ore long be accomplished." This con-
fident expectation lias since been fulfilled. Her
Britannic Majesty concluded a treaty with Hon-
duras on the '28th November, 1859, and with Nic-
aragua on the 28th August, 1860, relinquishing
the Mosquito protectorate. Besides, by the for-
mer, the Bay Islands are recognized as a part of
the Republic of Honduras. It may be observed
that the stipulations of these treaties conform, in
every important particular, to the amendments
adopted by the Senate of the United States to the
treaty concluded at London on the 17th October,
1856, between the two Governments. It will be
recollected that this treaty was rejected by the
British Government because of its objection to the
just and important amendment of the Senate to
the article relating toRuatan and the otherislarids
m the Bay of Honduras.
It must be a source of sincere satisfaction to all
classes of our fellow-citizens, and especially to
those engaged in foreign commerce, that the claim
on the part of Great Britain forcibly to visit and
search American merchant vessels on the high
seas in time of peace, has been abandoned. This
was by far the most dangerous question to the
peace of the two countries which has existed since
the war of 1812. While it remained open, they
might at any moment have been precipitated into
a war. This was rendered manifest by the ex-
asperated state of public feeling throughout our
entire country, produced by the forcible search
of American merchant vessels by British crui.sers
on the coast of Cuba, in the spring of 185S. The
American people hailed with general acclaim the
orders of tne Secretary of the Navy to our naval
force in the Gulf of Mexico, " to protect all ves-
sels of the United States on the high seas from
search or detention by the vessels-of-war of any
other nation." These orders might have pro-
duced an immediate collision between the naval
forces of the two countries. This was most for-
tunately prevented by an appeal to the justice
of Great Britain, and to the law of nations as
expounded by her own most eminent jurists.
The only question of any importance which
still remains open is the disputed title between the
two Governments to the island of San Juan, m
the vicinity of Washington Territory. As this
question is still under negotiation,it is not deemed
advisable at the present moment to make any other
allusion to the subject.
The recent visit of the Prince of Wales, in a
private character, to the people of this country,
has proved to be a most auspicious event. In its
consequences, it cannot fail to increase the kindred
and kindly feelings which I trustmayeveractuate
the Government and people of both countries in
their political and social intercourse with each
other.
France.
With France, oar ancient and powerful ally,
our relations continue to be of the most friendly
character. A decision has recently been made by
a French judicial tribunal, with the approbation
of the Imperial Government, which cannot fail to
foster the sentiments of mutual regard that have
so longexisted between the two countries. Under
the French law no person can serve in the armies
of France unless he be a French citizen. The
law of France recognizing the natural right of
expatriation, it follows as a necessary conse-
quence that a Frenchman, by the fact of having
become a citizen of.the United States, has changed
his allegiance and has lost his native character.
Ho cannot, therefore, be compelled to serve in the
French armies in case he should return to his
native country. These principles were announced
in 1852 by the French Minister of War, and in
two late cases have been confirmed by the French
judiciary. In these, two natives of France have
been discharged from the French army because
they had become American citizens. To employ
the language of our piesent minister to France,
who has rendered good service on this occasion,
" I do not think our French naturalized follow-
crtizens will hereafter experience much annoy-
ance on this subject." I venture to predict that
the time is not far distant when the other conti-
nental Powers will adopt the same wise and just
policy which has done so much honor to the
enlightened Government of the Emperor. In any
event, our Government is bound to protect the
rights of our naturalized citizens everywhere to
the same extent as though they had drawn their
first breath in this country. VVe can recognize
no distinction between our native and naturalized
citizens.
JR-itma.
Between the great Empire of Russia and the
United States, the mutual friendship and regard
which have so long existed still continue to pre-
vail, and, if possible, to increase. Indeed, our
relations with that empire are all that we*could
desire.
Spain,
Our relations with Spain are now of a more
complicated, though less dangerous, character
than they have been for many years. Our citi-
zens have long held, and continue to hold, nu-
merous claims against the Spanish Government.
These had been ably urged for a series of years
by our successive diplomatic representatives at
Madrid, but without obtaining redress. The
Spanish Government finally agreed to institute a
joint commission for the adjustment of these
claims, and on the 5th day of March, 1860, con*
eluded a convention for this purpose with our
present minister at Madrid. Under this conven-
tion, what have been denominated " the Cuban
claims," amounting to $128,635 54, in which
more than one hundred of our fellow-citizens are
interested, were recognized; and the Spanish
Government agreed to pay $100,000 of this amount
" within three months following the exchange of
ratifications." The payment of the remaining
$28,635 54 was to await the decision of the com-
missioners for or against " the Amistad claim;"
but in any event the balance was to be paid to the
claimants either by Spain or the United States.
These terms, I have every reason to know, are
highly satisfactory to the holders of the Cuban
claims. Indeed, they have made a formal offer
