1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
589
ion, when a man is to answer yes or no, that he
should give his reason for it, for fear he may be
misconstrued. I do not know that it is of any very
great consequence; but I cannot agree with the
Senator from New York in relation to this matter,
that because this is a representation to Congress
we are therefore to pay no sort of attention to our
own rules and our own convenience. If there was
any sort of reason for this thing—if a refusal to
receive this paper could be construed, in any shape
or form, into rejecting, or even disregarding in the
slightest degree the right of petition, sacred as it
is, and as we all admit it to be—I should have no
hesitation on the subject, nor should I be partic-
ular about the form; but, sir, it is perfectly ob-
vious that the Senator from Virginia is right:
there is a very great difference between the right of
pctitioningalegislative body and the right of freely
publishing and speaking your sentiments 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator will
pause It is the duty of the Chair to call up the
list of special orders at this hour.
Mr. MASON. There is a message on the table
from the President of the United States, which is
of great public interest, and I ask that it be read.
If it is necessary, in order to have it read, that I
should move to postpone the special order for the
present, I will make that motion.
Mr. IVERSON. Will the Senator from Vir-
ginia withdraw his motion for a few moments,
until I can make a few remarks personal to m/
self?
Mr. MASON. Certainly.
WITHDRAWAL OF A SENATOR.
Mr. IVERSON. I send to the Secretary a com-
munication addressed to the Senate, which 1 ask
to have read, and then I propose to submit a few
remarks.
The Secretary read the following communica-
tion:
Washington City, January 28, 1861.
To the Senate of the United States:
The undersigned has received official Information that,
on the 19ih instant, a convention ol'thc people of Geoigjp,
recently assembled, and now in session, passed the follow
ing ordinance:
"An ordinance to dissolve the union between the State
of Georgia and other States united with her under a com-
pact of government, entitled the 4 Constitution of the Uni-
ted States of Ammca.'
" We, the people of the State of Georgia, in convention
assembled, do deelaie and oidain, and it is hereby declared
and oidamed, that the ordinance adopted by the people of
the State of Georgia in convention on the 2d day of Janu-
nty, m the year of our Lord 1788, when the Constitution of
the United Suites of Ametica \va^ assented to,ratified, and
adopted ; and als-o all acts and pans of acts of the General
Assembly or tins State, latilyingandadoptmg amendments
of the. said Constitution, aie hetcby repealed, rescinded,
and abiognted.
<k We do Anther deelaie and oidain,that the Union now
subsisting between the Statu of Georgia and other States,
under the name of the United States of Ameuca, is hereby
dissolved ; and that the State oi Geoigi.us in the lull pos-
session anil exerei-f ot -ill those right? of sovereignly which
belong and appertain to a treo and independent State "
The uniteibisncd, leoownizing the validity of said ordi-
nance. and the met that the State which he, inpair, icpie-
sents in the Senate ot the United States, has withdiawn
fiom the Federal Union, ami is now a separate, feoveieign,
and independent State, does not feel at liberty any longer
to take; part in the proceedings of the Senate, and shall this
day witluliaw liom the body.
Veiy iespecially, ALFRED IVERSON.
Mr. IVERSON. The paper just read by the
Clerk informs the Senate of what has already been
announced to the public in unofficial form, that
the State of Georgia, by fhe solemn act of her sov-
ereign convention, has withdrawn from the Fed-
eral Union. She is no longer one of the United
States of America, but has resumed all the pow-
ers heretofore granted by her to the Federal Gov-
ernment, and asserted her independence as a sep-
arate and sovereign State. In performing this
important and solemn act, she has been influenced
by a deliberate and firm conviction that her safety,
her interest, and her honor, demanded it. The
opinion of her people has been gradually tending j
to this point for the last ten years, and recent i
events have strengthened and confirmed it. An j
overwhelming majority of her people have, under
the sanction of regularity and law, elected dele- j
gates to a convention, anil expressed in thatelec- j
tion a determination to withdraw from the Fed- |
eral Union: and the convention, by a like decisive j
majority, and in conformity with the popular will,
has passed an ordinance of secession. Georgia is
one of six States which, within less than sixty
days, have dissolved their connection with the I
Federal Union, and declared their separate inde-
pendence. An election for delegates to a conven-
tion now in session of another State, is known to
have resulted in favor of the same fixed determ-
ination, and steps are now in progress by all these
States to form a confederacy of their own. In a
few weeks at furthest, a provisional government
will be formed by them, with ample powers for
their own defense—with power to enter into nego-
tiations with other nations, to make war, conclude
peace, form treaties, and generally to do all other
things which independent nations may of right
do. Provision will be made for the admission of
other States into the new Union; and it is confi-
dently believed that, within a few months, all the
slaveholding States of the late Confederacy of the
United States, will be united together in a bond
of union far more homogeneous, and therefore
more stable, than the one now being dissolved.
I content myself, Mr. President, with a state-4
ment of these facts and these conclusions without*
making an argument to justify or defend them.
I have only to say, that'this action of my own
Slate, and of her immediate southern neighbors
and sisters, meets the approval of my well-con-
sidercd and deliberate judgment; and as one of her
native sons and loyal subjects, I shall cheerfully
and joyously cast my lot with her and them, and
sink or swim, live or die, 1 shall be of and with
her and them to the last. Sir, with the secession
of the southern States, either m whole or m part,
and the formation of a southern confederacy, two
grave and momentous alternatives will devolve
upon the Federal Government and the remaining
States which shall compose the Federal Union.
You may acquiesce in the re volution, and acknowl-
edge the independence of the new confederacy, or
you may make, war upon the seceding States and
attempt to force them back into a Union with you.
If you acknowledge our independence, and treat
us as one of the nations of the earth, you can have
friendly intercourse with us; you can have an
equitable division of the public property and of
the existing public debt of the United States. If
you make war upon us, we will seize and hold all
the public property within our borders or within
our reach, and we will never pay one dollar of the
public debt. War, by the Jaws of nations, extin-
guishes all public and private obligations between
the contending States, and the individual citizens
who compose them. The first Federal gun fired
upon the seceding States; the first drop of blood
of any of their people shed by Federal troops,
will cancel every public and private obligation of
the South which may be due either to the Federal
Government or to the northern people.
We care not in what shape or form, or under
what pretexts, you attempt coercion. We shall
consider and treat all and every effort to assert
your authority over us as acts of war, and shall
meet and resist them. You may send your armies
to invade us by land; your ships to blockade our
ports, and destroy our trade and commerce with
other nations. You may abolish our ports of
entry by act of Congress, and attempt to collect
your Federal revenues by ships of war. You
may do all or any of these or similar acts. They
will be acts of war, and will be so understood
and treated; and in whatever shape you attack
us, we will fight you. Yon boast of your supe-
rior numbers and yourgrcater strength. Remem-
ber that " the race is not always to the swift, noi
the battle to the strong." Youhavp your hundreds
of thousands of fighting men. So have wo; and,
fighting upon our own soil, to preserve our rights,
vindicate our honor, and defend our homes and
firesides, our wives and children, from the inva-
der, we shall not be easily conquered. You may
possibly overrun us, desolate our fields, burn our
dwellings, lay our cities m ruins, murder our
people, and reduce us to beggary; but you cannot
subdue or subjugate us to your government or your
will. Your conquest,if you gain one, will costyou
a hundred thousand lives, and more than a hundred
million dollars. Nay, more, it will take a stand-
ing army of a hundred thousand men, and mil- ;
lions of money annually, to keep us in subjec-
tion. You may whip us, but ive will not stay
whipped. We will rise again and again to vindi-
cate our right to liberty, and to throw olF your
oppressive and accursed yoke, and never cease
the mortal strife until onr whole white race is ex-
tinguished and our fair land given over to desola-
tion. You will have ships-of-war, and we may
have none. You may- blockade our jforfs and lock
up our commerce. We can litfe, if need ber with- *
out commerce. But when youshutout our cotton •
from the looms t>f Europe, we shall see whether
other nations will not have something- to say-ami ' ^
something to do on that subject. u Cotton is
king," and it will find means to raise your block- *
ade and disperse your ships.
Mr. President, I know that hopes are enter-
tamed, and great efforts are being 'made to retain
the border slaveholding States m the present Fed-
eral Union. Letcoercive measures be commenced
against the southern confederacy, or any of the
seceding States, no matter in what form they may
be adopted, and all such hopes and efforts will
vanish into thin air. The first act of Federal le-
gislation looking to coercion—the first Federal
gun fired—the first Federal ship which takes her
station off a southern port to enforce the collec-
tion of the Federal revenues—will bring all the
other southern States, including even Maryland
—laggard as she seems to be in the vindication of
southern independence—into an immediate alli-
ance and union with their more southern sisters;
and thus united, they will resist and defy all your
efforts to subdue them. There are those, Mr~
President, who, surrendering all hope of prevent-
ing adisruption of the Union, and recognizing the
existing fact of its dissolution, yet hope to see it
reconstructed. Sir, war between the two sections
will forever close the door to such a project. I
will not say, sir, that the southern States, if let
alone, even after they have formed a separate con-
federacy, will not listen respectfully to proposi-
tionsof reconstruction. LettheNorth makethem,,
and we will consider them. The southern people
have heretofore cherished a warm and sincere
attachment and reverence for theUnion,and noth-
ing but a stern conviction of the necessity and
propriety of leaving it, and forming a safer and
more perfect Union, would have driven them to-
the alternative of separation from it. When they
see (if it shall not be too long deferred) a return-
ing sense of justice and fraternal feelings in the
northern mind and heart, and can find sufficient
and reliable guarantees for the protection and per-
manent enjoyment of their equality and rights in
the Union, they may, perhaps, reconsider their
present action, and rejoin their former confeder-
ates.
For myself, sir, I am free to declare that, unless
my opinions shall be greatly changed, I shall
never agree to the reconstruction of the Federal
Union. The Rubicon is passed; and it shall never,
with my consent, be recrossed. But in this sen-
timent I may be overruled by the people of my
State, and of the other southern States. I may
safely say, however, that nothing will satisfy them
or bring them back, short of a full and explicit rec-
ognition and guarantee of the safety of their in-
stitution of domestic slavery and the protection
of the constitutional rights for which in the Union
they have been so long contending, and a denial
of which, by their northern confederates, has
forced them into their present attitude of separate
independence.
And now, Mr. President, it remains forme only
to express my grateful acknowledgments and
thanks for the uniform .courtesy and kindness
with which I have been treated by all those Sen-
ators with whom I have had official or social re-
lations during my servicc in this body; and wish-
ing them each and all long life, prosperity, and
happiness, I bid them farewell.
RESOLUTIONS OF PENNSYLVANIA.
Mr. BIGLER. Before proceeding to the read-
ing of the message 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion of the
Senator from Virginia was to postpone all prior
orders, and take up the message.
Mr. BIGLER. I am aware of that.
Mr. MASON. I desire to retain that motion
before the Senate.
Mr. BIGLER. I ask the unanimous consent
of the Senate to introduce a series of resolutions
adopted by the Legislature of Pennsylvania on
the 24th instant, in reference to the present con-
dition of the country.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair hears
no objection to the reception of the resolutions.
Mr. BIGLER. I ask that they be read,printed,
and hud on the table.
The Secretary read them*
