1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mi
and then, if agreeable to the Senate, I desire to
offer a few observations on this subject.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot in
the chair.) The Senator from North Carolina
moves that the further consideration of this subject
bo postponed until Wednesday next, and made
the special order for that day at one o'clock.
Mr. MASON. That order does not include
the motion to print I suppose ?
Mr. CLINGMAN. My object is merely to
discuss the subject briefly, not to make an elab-
orate speech.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Let it pass over, then.
Mr, CLINGMAN. I prefer its going over.
That will not interfere with the motion to print.
Mr. MASON. We can settle it in this way:
let the motion to print be put, and I hope carried;
and then move to print an additional number, and
let that go over.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Well, sir, I am willing it
should take that course, and will make the motion
in that form.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The first ques-
tion is oil the motion to print the usual number.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is further
moved to print an extra number of this commu-
nication.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I move that that be post-
poned until Wednesday next.
Mr. HEMPHILL. I wish to address the Sen-
ate, and have desired to do so for some days. I
do not know that a better opportunity will offer
than the present, and particularly as my time will
be short here.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Then I will give way. I
made that motion on conference with the Senator
from California; but I yield to the Senator be-
cause I am well aware of the condition of things
existing in his own State. I hope that, after he
has concluded, the subject may be disposed of in
the wav I indicated.
The 'PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator from North Carolina withdraw the motion
to postpone?
Mr. CLINGMAN. Yes, sir.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion is
withdrawn.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I ask the Senator, when
ho concludcs, to move to postpone it in the man-
ner I have indicated.
Mr. HEMPHILL. Yes, sir.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now is oil ordering an extra number of copies of
the communication to be printed.
Mr. HEMPHILL. Mr. President, the right
of a State to withdraw from the Union is the
transcendent issue before the country, and I pro-
pose to give it a brief discussion. If it be legal, it
should bo peaceful; if not—if but a right of rebel-
lion—it involves war and subjugation, unless the
rebellion becomes successful revolution.
Whether the secession of a State be the exer-
cise of a legal or levolutionary right, must depend
ultimately upon the question of sovereignty.
Where is that paramount power vested? It must
exist ni every nation, and as perfectly m one form
of government as another.
In 1 Blackstone's Commentaries, pp. 48, 49, it
is said that—
" However the several formsof government we now see
in the world at first actually began, is matter of pi cat un-
certainty and lias occasioned infinite disputes, it is not
my business or intention to enter into any of them. How-
ever they began, or by what right j-oevertliey subsist, tliere
is and must be in all of them a supreme, u resistible, abso-
lute, and uncontrolled authority, in which jura summi im-
peril, or the rights of sovereignty, reside."
Ill a despotism, the monarch is sovereign. In
Great Britain the sovereignty is lodged in the
King, Lords, and Commons. These are the sov-
ereigns; because the acts of the despot and of the
legislative authority of Groat Britain control all
individuals and all other powers of the State, and
are subject to no revision or reversal. In Amer-
ica it is an undisputed political axiom that sov-
ereignty resides in the people. Governments, in
this country, are not sovereigns; they are re-
strained by constitutions, which are mere charts
or grants of power from the people, who can ab-
rogate these charts, revoke their grants, institute
new governments, and in whom only can reside
the rights of sovereignty,that sum of all civil and
political power, which controls all authorities,
and is controlled by none. Sovereignty is not in
the people as a mass of individuals, but as a po-
litical body or community; and the issue is, does
it reside in the whole people of the United States
as a political community, or does it remain in the
people of the several States, forming distinct, sep-
arate communities, though united for special pur-
poses in a Federal Union ? This is a practical
issue, and depends on historical facts.
That the colonies were distinct and separate
from each other, having the same executive head,
but no political connection, is as indubitable as
any fact upon the records of history. That the
delegates in the Continental Congress did not rep-
resent the whole people of the colonies as one
political body, but thJt each delegation was chosen
and appointed severally, by each several colony,
to attend the " Congress of delegates" from the
other colonies, and assist in devising means for the
perpetuation of their liberties, is a fact attested by
the Journals of the Congress. Each delegation
presented its credentials from the respective col-
ony or province from which it had been deputed.
The vote was by colonies; each colony having
but one vote. No question could be determined
on the day of its debate if" any colony" desired
its postponement. (Journals of Congress, vol-
ume 1, page 7.) Their first declaration was in
the name of the " good people" of the several colo-
nies of New Hampshire, Massachusetts Ray,
enumerating the thirteen who had, in the language
of the declaration, " severally elected, constituted,
and appointed deputies to meet and sit in General
Congress," &c., and who, in vindication of then-
rights and liberties, resolved—
"That the foundation of English liberty, and of all fiec
government, is a i ight in the people to participate in their
legislative council; and as the English colonists are not rep-
resented, and, from their local and other circumstances,
cannot properly be represented m the British Parliament,
they are entitled to a fice and exclusive power of legisla-
tion in tj^eir several provincial Legislatures, where their light
of representation can alone he" preserved 111 all cases of
taxation and internal polity, subject only to the negative
of the sovereign, in such manner as has been heretofoie
u.^ed and accustomed. But, fiom the necessity of the case,
and a regaid to the mutual intere>ts of both countries, we
cheerfully consent to the operation of such act? of the
British Parliament as aie bona fide restrained to the regu-
lation of our external commerce, for the puipose of secur-
ing the commercial advantages of the whole empire to the
mother country, and the commercial benefits of its respect-
ive members, excluding every idea of taxation., internal
or external, for raising a revenue on the subjects in Amer-
ica without their consent."
Hero is an unequivocal declaration that the col-
onists were entitled to a free and exclusive power
of legislation—not in any general Congress or
Legislature of the colonies, for there had been no
such Legislature, but in their several provincial
Legislatures—showing that the provinces were,
from the beginning, totally distinct and separate
from each other. The style of the proceedings
in Congress was, in some instances, by the title
of the United Colonies; in others, by that of the
United Colonies of New Hampshire, Massachu-
setts Bay,&c., enumerating the whole—these titles
being the equivalents of each other.
The United Colonies, dissolving all political
connection between themselves and GreatBritain,
declared themselves to be free and independent
States, and not a single free and independent State
or nation. This act, though done by the colonies
united in Congress, was in fact the act of each
one of the colonies. Each of the colonies had
instructed, expressly or virtually, their respective
delegates to unite m such declaration, ft was
upon the instructions from Virginia that the mo-
tion was offered in convention, and those instruc-
tions expressly reserved the right of self-govern-
ment to the States. The several colonies were—
and had been for some period—in a de facto state
of independence. Hostilities commencingat Lex-
ington m April, 1775, had been vigorously pros-
ecuted. Massachusetts, in the same month, voted
to raise thirteen thousand six hundred men; Rhode
Island, fifteen hundred*, Connecticut, six regi-
ments; New Hampshire, in May,three regiments.
In March, 1776, South Carolina established a
constitution; Virginia had her bill of rights and
frame of government; the allegiance of the citi-
zens of the different colonies was claimed as due
to each colony, and not to Great Britain. Such
was the opinion and declaration of Congress on
the 24th June, 1770, to the effect that—
" All persons, members of, or owing allegiance to, any of
the United Colonics, who shall levy war against any of the
said colonies Within the same, or be adherent to the King
oi Gieat Biitain, oi other enemies of the said colonies, or
any of them, within the same, giving to him or them aid
and comfort, are guilty of treason ■ against such colony
These facts, and others of like character prior
to the Declaration of Independence, prove that
the colonies, while exerting their joint efforts
for the common defense, had each assumed the
rights and powers of sovereignty within their own
limits. They were substantially independent; awl
whether each declared such fact separately, or
whether all united in the declaration, under the
authority given by each to its agents for that
purpose, cannot affect the great truth that the
United States were independent, forthe reason and
upon the sole ground that each State was absolved
from its allegiance to the British Crowi., and was
an independent State.
The States subsequently adopted written ar-
ticles of confederacy, which were entitled Articles
of Confederation and Perpetual Union, between
the States of New Hampshire, Massachusetts
Bay, Rhode Island and Providence Plantations,
Connecticut, New York, New Jersey, Pennsyl-
vania, Delaware, Maryland, Virginia, North Car-
olina, South Carolina, and Georgia. The style of
the Confederacy was the United States of Amer-
ica, and, by the stipulation of the second article,
each State expressly retained its sovereigntyjfree-
dom, and independence, and every power, juris-
diction, and right, which is not by this Confeder-
ation expressly delegated to the United States in
Congress assembled. In the treaty of peace the
thirteen United States, by their respective titles,
were acknowledged by Great Britain to bo free
and independent States.
These facts are conclusive that the colonics were
separate and distinct from cach other; that they
were represented as distinct bodies in Congress
—voted as such;'that, as States, they remained
separate and distinct; that there was no such com-
munity known or recognized as the people of the
United Colonies or the people of the United States;
but the political communities were the people of
the several colonies—afterwards the people of the
several States—it being expressly declared in their
compact that each State retained its sovereignty,
and every power not granted to the Confederacy.
The several States being sovereign members of
this the first Confederacy, did they cease to be
sovereign by their act in the adoption of the Fed-
eral Constitution? Did they become a single na-
tion, or a consolidated political unity, or did they
remain a Confederacy of States ? That they acted
as States, as separate sovereign communities; in the
framing and ratification of the Constitution, is un-
deniable. The vote in convention was by States,
each State by its delegates having but one vote.
The Constitution was transmitted through the
Congress of the Confederation to the Legislatures
of the several States, and was by them respect-
ively submitted to State conventions elected and
assembled under the law of each State. It was
ratified by conventions severally of each State
acting for itself, and became obligatory by the
article declaring that "the ratificationsofthecon-
ventions of nine States shall be sufficient for the
establishment of this Constitution between the
States so ratifying the same." The first State in
the process of ratification was Delaware, on the
12th December, 1787; the ninth, New Hampshire,
on the 2Jst June, 1788. The Constitution was
then established as a chart of Government be-
tween the nine ratifying States, and had it gone
into immediate operation, Virginia, New York,
North Carolina, and Rhode Island would have
been foreign States, separate and independent of
the Confederacy and of each other. And when the
new Government went into operation in March,
1789, North Carolina and Rhode Island having
declined to ratify, were foreign States, and were
treated as such m the act of July 31, 1789. The
ratifications of the eleven States could not impose
the Constitution on North Carolina and Rhode
Island; and the ratifications of twelve could not im-
pose it on Rhode Island, and had she never acceded
to the Constitution she w ould have remained to this
day as separate and independent as Prance, Eng-
land, or any other foreign Power. Each State acted
for itself, and was bound byits own act,and that
alone, in the adoption of the Constitution.
But the States, though sovereign, had, it may
be said, the power to abandon their sovereignty;
to annihilate themselves, and create a new nation;
and it is insisted that this has been effected, and
that the grants and prohibitions of the Constitu-
