592
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 28.
tion extinguish, at least pro tanto, the sovereignty
itself of the States. But this proposition is a mis-
conception, confounding the distinction between
sovereignty and the functions and powers of sov-
ereignty. The latter, in representative Govern-
ments, must be exercised by agents; but the sov-
ereignty itself remains in the principal, namely,
the people from whom the powers are derived,
and by whom they may be recalled.
It is generally conceded that the grants of powers
in the constitution of a State do not affect the
sovereignty which remains in the political body,
namely, the people, who can alter, modify, and
revoke such constitution. This being admitted,
can it be contended that the delegation, by several
States, of certain powers of sovereignty to be ex-
ercised conjointly by a Federal Government or
common agency, instituted by them for that pur-
pose, impairs the sovereignty of each of the
States? These powers being delegated, remain
the powers of the principal. By the delegation
of a portion of its powers, the State is not anni-
hilated. She still retains her separate organization;
her existence as a distinct political community;
her independentLegislature; her control over the
property, social and domestic relations, and crim-
inal jurisdiction of the country, every right and
power not delegated, and, in fact, her body politic
m every respect; and has not lost that sovereignty
residing as an active, regulated, recognized, and
all-controlling power in the people of the State.
And such is Unauthoritative opinion of most dis-
tinguished publicists on the sovereignty of States
in confederation. Vattel(Bookl, chap. 184) says:
" Every nation that governs itself, under what form so-
ever, without dependence on any loreign Power, is a sov-
ereign State."
And section ten:
"Several sovereign and independent States may unite
themselves by a perpetual confederacy without ceasing to
bo each, individually, a peifeet State. They will together
constitute a federal republic Theirjointdehbeiations will
not impair the sovereignty of each member, though they
may, in ceitain respects, put some restraint on the exeicise
of it, in virtue of voluntary engagements. A person does
not cease to be free and independent when he is obliged to
fulfill engagements winch he has voluntarily contracted.
" Such were formeily the cities of Gieeee ; such aie at
present the seven United Provinces of the Netherlands.;
and such the members of the Helvetic body."
Judge Tucker, the distinguished commentator
on Blackstone, treats this subject in a very lucid
manner, as follows:
"This independChey of States, and their being distinct
political bodies from each other, is not obstructed by any
alliancc or confederacies whatsoever, about exercising;
jointly any parts of the supreme power: such as those of
peace and war, jn leagues offensive and defensive. Two
States, notwithstanding buch treaties, are separate bodies
and independent.
"They are, then, only deemed politically united when
some one person or council is constituted with a right to
exercise some essential powers for both, and to hinder
cither ftom exercising them separately. If any person or
council is empowered to exeicise all these essential pow-
ers for both, they are then one State: such is the state of
England and Scotland, Mtiee the act of union made at the
bcgmrimgot the eighteenth century, whereby the two king-
doms were incorporated into one, all parls of the supreme
power of both kingdoms beincr theneeforw.ud united and
vested in tlm three estates of the realm of Great Bntain ;
by which entire coalition, though both kingdoms retain
their ancient laws and images in many respect, they are
as effectually united and incorporated as the «,ev<Mal petty
kingdoms which composed the Heptarchy were betoie that
period.
u But when only a portion of the supreme civil power is
vested m one person or council for both, such as that of
peace and war, or Oi deciding contiover&ies between dif-
ferent States, or their subjects, whilst each State within
itself exercises other parts of the supreme power, independ-
ently of all the others; in this case they are called systems
of States, which Uuilamaqui dehnes to be an assemblage
of pcrfect governments, strictly united by some common
bond, so that they seem to make but a single body with re-
spect to those affairs which interest them in common,
though each pieserves its sovereignty full and entire, inde-
pendently of all ihe others." * * * * << And
in this case, he adds, the confederate States engage to each
other only to exercise with common consent certain parts
ot the sovereignty, especially those which iclatc to their
mutual defense against foieign enemies. But each of the
contedeiates retains an entire liberty of exercising as it
thinki proper those paits of the soveieigmy which are not
mentioned in the treaty of union as parts that ought to be
exercised in common. And of this nature is the Amei lean
Confederacy, m winch each State has resigned the exer-
cise of c<*itam parts of the supiemo civil power which they
possessed before—except in common with the other States
included m the Confederacy—reserving to themselves all
then ibrnici powcis, which are not delegated to the United
fcjtatet, by the common bond of Union.
A visible distinction, and not less important than ob-
vious, occuis to our observation incotnpaiing these differ-
ent kimK of union. The kingdoms of ^England and Scot-
land are united into one kingdom; and the two contracting
States by such an incorporate union are, in the opinion of
Judge Blackstone, totally annihilated, without any power
of revival; and a third arises from their conjunction, in
which all the rights of sovereignty, and particularly that of
legislation, are vested. From whence he ex presses a doubt
whether any infringements of the fundamental and essen-
tial conditions of the union would, of itself, dissolve the
union of those kingdoms; though he readily admits that in
the case of a federate alliance such an infringement would
ceitainly rescind the compact betvveeu the confederate
States. In the United States of America, on the contrary,
each State retains its own anteccdentform of government;
its own laws, subject to the alteration and control of its
own Legislature only; its own executive officers and coun-
cil of State; its own courts of judicature; its own judges;
its own magistrates, civil officers, and officers ot the mil-
itia; and, in short, its own civil State, or body politic, in
every respect whatsoever. And by the express declaration
of the twelfth article to the amendments to the Constitu-
tion, the powers not delegated to*he United States by the
Constitution, nor prohibited by it to the States, aie reserved
to the States respectively, or to the people. In Great Britain,
a new civil State is created by the annihilation of two an-
tecedent civil States ; m the American States, a general
federal council, and administrative, is provided, tor the
joint exeicise of such of their several powers as can he moie
conveniently exetcised in that mode than any other,leav-
ing their civil State unaltered, and all the other powers
which the States antecedently possessed to be exercised by
them respectively as if no Union oi connection were estab-
lished between them."
Some of the higher powers of sovereignty arc
delegated to the General Government; butthishas
no greater efficiency in transferring sovereignty
itself than the grant of its most insignificant func-
tion or attribute. When Texas was a separate
Republic, she exercised all those grand powers
of peace and war, of alliances and the regulation
of foreign commerce, which throw such dazzling
luster over the Government of the United States.
She had intrusted these and other powers under
her constitution to a single agent, namely, the
Government of the Republic. By virtue of her
sovereignty, which she had not relinquished or
impaired, she, at the period of annexation, dis-
tributed these powers between two agents—one
the Federal and the other her present State Gov-
ernment. Is she not as sovereign now as She was
before this distribution? Is not the General Gov-
ernment, to which she has delegated some of her
powers, just as much her trustee as was the Gov-
ernment of the Republic to which she had formerly
intrusted them? And 1ms she not the same right
and power to resume them now that she had to
recall them from her former trustee and vest them
m her present agent or attorney? She has not
abandoned the powers ceded to the Federal Gov-
ernment; she has only delegated them. She is
still a State, a political body, with control over
the lives, the liberties, and property of her people.
She entered the Confederacy by compact; and the
cession of some of her powers does not detract
from her sovereignty. The deliberations in com-
mon, says Vattel, offer no violence to the sov-
ereignty of each member of a confederacy.
The power of the General Government to pun-
ish individuals for crimes, to collect taxes ana im-
posts from individuals without the direct consent
of the State, is relied on as an argument that the
Union is not a Confederacy of States, but is a
consolidated Government over the people of the
United States. It is generally conceded that the
States were parties to the old Confederacy, that
they were sovereign; and yet, postnge under that
Confederacy was collected from individuals; mili-
tary and naval officers were appointed with juris-
diction over life, and men were executed under
that jurisdiction; and courts of admiralty had ju-
risdiction over persons and property. Jurisdic-
tion over individuals, then, does not destroy the
federative character of the Union. In the forty-
fifth number of the Fedeialist, Mr. Madison says
that the new Constitution—
" Consists much less in the addition of new powers to the
Union than in the mvigoration of itsonginal powers. The
regulation of commerce,it is tiue, is anew povvei. The
powers relating to war and peace,aimies and fleets, treat-
ies and finance, with the other more consideiahle powers,
are all vested in the existing Congress, by the Amcles of
Contederation. The proposed change does not enhuge these
powers ; it only substitutes a more effective method of ad-
ministering them. The change i elating to taxation may be
regarded as the most impoitant; and yet, the piesent Con-
gress have as cornplote authority to lequire of the States
indefinite supplies ot money, lor the common defence and
gencuil weltaie, as the futm'1 Congress will have to re-
quire them of individual citizens; and the lattei will be no
more hound than tho States thompelve-s have been to pay
the quotas respectively taxed on them."
I have shown that in certain particulars there
was, under the confederation, a direct connection
between the Government and individuals; and the
only effect of extending this direct action to the
operations of the Government generally, was to
impart energy and vigor, but not to change the
federative character of the Union. Had the States
paid their quotas, or could the payment have been
enforced by the like peaceable processes which
are successful against single persons, there would
have been little or no necessity for the adoption
of a new Constitution. But the action of the
Federal Government, whether upon the State gov-
ernments or on single persons, has force in a State
by its assent only; and whether the State collects
the taxes and pays them over to the General Gov-
ernment, or whether, by her concurrence, the func-
tionaries of that Government collect them from
individuals, can be of no importance, nor can it
detract from the sovereignty of the State, or con-
vert a confederacy of States into a consolida-
tion.
The phraseology of the preamble—" We, the
people of the United States"—is often relied upon
m support of the position that the Constitution
was framed by the whole people of the United
States, and not by the people of the several
States, as distinct communities. The preamble,
as reported by the committee of details, was: " We,
the people of the States of New Hampshire, Mas-
sachusetts, Rhode Island," &c., through the
thirteen. This was altered by the committee of
style and arrangement to, " \Ve, the people of the
United States," without assigning any reason for
the change. But the phrases are the equivalents
of each other. The States were there, m confed-
eracy. The Articles of Confederation were in
terms between New Hampshire, Massachusetts,
&c.; and the style of the Confederation was " the
United States of A-menca;" and the terms, " tho
people of New Hampshire,"&c., (specifying the
whole of them,) and, " the people of the United
States," were identically the same thing in mean-
ing and substance. There was, however, a sub-
stantial reason for the change in this instance.
The Constitution was to be binding between those
States only that ratified the same, and the States
which would accede to this new Union could not
be known or enumerated until after the acts of
ratification. If the old Union was but a Confed-
eracy—and that is admitted—tho new cannot be
a consolidation from the use of the phrase " Uni-
ted States," which was, in fact, the style and title
of the old Confederacy, and which was expressly
between the thirteen States by specification and
title, or between the people of those States; for
the people of a State, as a political body, is the
State itself.
The sixth article of the Constitution, declaring
the Constitution and laws made in pursuance there-
of, and treaties, to be the supreme law of the land,
is supposed to give the General Government spe-
cial supremacy beyond the control of the States,
and, in fact, subject to no Control, except the will
of a majority of the people of the United States.
This is not so much a new power, as a more spe-
cific expression of the intent of the stipulation m
the Articles of Confederation, that—
Every State shall abide by the determination of the
United States in Congicus assembled, on all questions
which, by this confederation, is submitted to them."
The grant of such authority expressly or by
implication was a necessity to the operation of the
General Government. Its powers are limited.
Those ofthe State go vernmentsgeneial. The Con-
stitution and laws of the United States, if not su-
preme, would have been in constantcollision with
those of the States. The constitution and laws of
one State vary from those of other States; and
unless those of the United States were pai amount,
they might be valid in some States, and without
effect in others. It was proper that laws made by
the authority of all the States should be superior
to those of a single State; otherwise, they would
have been almost nugatory and inoperative.
This supremacy of the laws of the United States
within the limits of a State arises from the assent
of the people of that State to the Constitution. To
that extent it may be regarded as the constitution
of the State; and the Federal officers, but the func-
tionaries of the State. If the State of South Car-
olina were now to form two governments within
the limits of that State, one with the powers that
hod been delegated to the Federal Government,
and the other with the ordinary powers of her
former State government, with the delcaration that
the laws of the former should be supreme when
they came in conflict with those of the latter, this
would not impair the sovereignty of the people
