THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIYES, WASHINGTON, D. 0.
Thirty-Sixtii Congress, 2d Session.
WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 30, 1861..
New Series/....No. 38.
that had delegated the powers to both of these
governments.
Another argument against the sovereignty of
the States is, that treason may be committed
against the United States; that treason is a breach
of allegiance; that allegiance is due to a sovereign;
and that, therefore, the United States are sover-
eign. It is certainly competent for a number of
sovereigns to stipulate that war levied against
them in their united capacity should be defined
and punished as treason. Would the United
States have had the power to define and punish
the crime of treason without express grant in the
Constitution? Certainly not. In 1832, a ques-
tion was raised whether the German confedera-
tion was a State, ana consequently the object of
treason. The Diet, for future cases, decreed to
the effect that since every State was part and par-
cel of the confederation, crimes committed against
the Confederation should be punished as treason
against every particular State. (Westminster
Review, July, 1860.) Legislation was required in
Germany before the crime against the confedera-
tion could be punished; and had it been determined
that the crime should be punished as tieason
against the State where committed, its soundness
could not have been disputed.
But if the Constitution had not defined the
crime of levying war as treason against the Uni-
ted States, would not the offense have been trea-
son against the State where committed ? The Con-
stitution and laws of the United States are in fact
the laws and constitution of the State, and the
crime might have been regarded as a breach of
allegiance to the State.
But nothing can be inferred against the federa-
tive character of the Union from the fact that a
crime against the common Government is defined
and is to be punished as treason.
This is the stipulation and agreement of the
several sovereign parties. They were under no
compulsion to adhere strictly to the technicality
that treason was the breach of allegiance. They
had the power to define any crime against them
jointly to be treason. If waragainst the old Con-
federacy had been defined treason against the Uni-
ted States, this would not have impugned its
character as a federation, nor the sovereignty of
the constituent States; nor can it derogate from
the sovereignty of these parties that, in the new
compact, they defined the crime of levying war
against them jointly to be treason, and provided
for its punishment.
From the facts and considerations detailed, the
conclusion is irresistible that the States were, each
one of them, sovereign, prior to the adoption of
the Fedeicil Constitution; that the Constitution
is a compact between these sovereign States, by
which they delegated a portion of the powers of
sovereignty to be exercised conjointly by a Gen-
eral Government; that they reserved to themselves
all the powers not delegated; that they still con-
tinued as States; that they ratified the Constitu-
tion, each State for itself, in its highest sovereign
capacity, in convention assembled in each State,
under the law thereof; that it became binding 011
the people of each State by the act of the State,
and not by the ratification of any or of all the
other States; that the people of the several States,
acting as distinct political communities, wore the
parties to the compact; that no such political body
has existed as the people of the United States,
nor were they a party to the compact in a politi-
cal capacity, or otherwise, except as the people
of thirteen separate and distinct States; that,
though high and important powers of sovereignty
were delegated, yet sovereignty itself remained
in the people severally of the States, that they
have only delegated powers, not sovereignty.
Each State, or the people of each State, as a
political body, being sovereign, has the unques-
tioned power to modify, change, control, and sub-
vert their State government and establish another;
or, whatis equivalent, they can revoke their grants
of power, and adopt a new constitution or chart
of grants. This principle of sovereignty is so well
recognized, that, generally, the mode of its exer-
cise is prescribed. Its acts are paramount, and
all authorities and-citizens must submit to its de-
cision. But the State is, in every respect, as much
a sovereign, with regard to the powers it has del-
egated to the general agency or Government, as
to those which it delegated to its State govern-
ment. It has control over all those powers, be-
cause they are only delegated, not surrendered or
abandoned, to cither of these governments. If
they were relinquished, the State wouldno longer
exist as a body-politic; the sovereignty would be
in the Government to which it was transferred;
and to the people would be left, not thatregulated
right, acknowledged and recognized by Ameraan
theory and practice, but that imaginary sover-
eignity which is supposed to exist even under a
despotic monarchy,
The States, and they alone, being parties to the
Constitution, it is as between them a compact, or
league, although it is a frame of Government for
those upon whom it operates; and the States being
sovereign members of this league, or confeder-
acy, have a right, as stable as the foundations of
international law, to renounce the league at any
time, and withdraw from the federation. They
are bound to their confederates by the ties of good
faith. The tranquillity and secuiity of mankind
depend upon a due regard to the rights of others.
But each State can, with or without cause, sepa-
rate from the others, being answerable as one
nation is to another. If a treaty has been already
violated by the other parties, her separation is no
just cause of war. Each party or nation must
judge for itself; and if her confederates will make
war upon a seceding State, with or without cause,
she must abide the issue. The right of secession
depends on international law. It is above and
independent of the Constitution. If, however,
sovereignty itself was but a right, then it exists
in the State, among the reserved rights under the
Constitution. Such right has not been prohibited
to the States. But sovereignty is the creator,
not the creature of constitutions. The Constitu-
tion does not deal with sovereignly in any other
manner except as receiving all its grants and au-
thority from that source.
If the States be sovereign, the act of withdrawal
cannot, without an utter misconception and con-
fusion of terms, be pronounced rebellion. This
is the open renunciation of the authority of the
Government to which one owes allegiance. The
distinction between a rebel and an enemy is, that
the former owes allegiance to the Government he
attacks. Now, a sovereign State owes no alle-
giance to any power. Its citizen owes obedience
to the Government of the United States as long
as the State remains a member of the Union, ac-
knowledging its jurisdiction, and claiming the
benefit of its protection. He owes this obedience
solely from the act and consent of his State to the
Constitution. When this consent is recalled by
a State; when, in the like sovereign capacity in
which she gave her assent, it is revoked, she
dissevers the ties between her citizens^ and the
General Government, and expunges their obliga-
tion to obey the Constitution or laws of the United
States.
The act of a sovereign, declaring a compact,
league, or treaty, no longer binding on him, has
never been defined or treated as rebellion. Whether
there be or not just cause for such declaration, it
is no violation of his allegiance, for he owes none
to the cosovereign parties in the league; and the
act of the sovereign binds the citizen, and absolves
him from obedience to the compact. The citizen
is not individually responsible for the acts of the
State to which his allegiance ts due. The State is
responsible. The citizen owes his allegiance to
the Stale, and is bound to obey her acts; and these
are a justification in law of las refusal to obey the
laws of the United States. It would be to extin-
guish all the hghtsofinternational law, to hold that
the withdrawal of a sovereign State from a con-
federacy, and her mandate that the laws of such
confederacy should no longer have force within
the limits of her territory, arc of no higher au-
thority than the declaration of the people of a
county that the laws of the State should not b'4-
executed within the limits of that county. -This
would be rebellion; a violation of the allegiance
owing to the State. The county'is but a part of a-
consolidated political unity; has no sovereignty, •
and is entitled to none ofits rights or powers.
But the act of a sovereign State, declaring a
compact at an end, revoking all the powers she
may have delegated, is not only no rebellion, but
no cause of war on the part of other confederates,
unless such withdrawal menace the safety or'the
existence of the other States. It is of the dPepest
importance to the peace and tranquillity of these
States, to th^cause of humanity itself, that the
legal principles applicable to the act of secession be
clearly understood and conclusively established.
If secession be rebellion, and coercive measures
be used for its suppression, the citizens of the
State, act as they may, would be treated as trai-
tors on the one hand to the United States, and on
the other to the State. This may be said to be an
ordinary, though cruel, contingency of rebellion.
But if no coercion be used, (although the act be
proclaimed rebellion,) then the citizens who sup-
port the State, though proclaimed traitors, pass
unmolested; but how unhappy and miserable the
fate of those who exhibit fidelity and attachment
to the United States. Deceived and ensnared by
the denunciations of the Federal authorities that
secession is unlawful, seditious, and rebellious,
they might, to maintain the Union, be induced to
oppose this denounced rebellion byforce ofarms.
Their "fidelity " would receive no support from
the Government to which they had devoted their
lives; they would be abandoned to the mercy of
those who had been denounced traitors by the Fed-
eral Government, and would be laughed to scorn
for their folly in putting their trust in the words of
this great and powerful Government. But this
confusion, this monstrous incongruity, thefruitful
source of mischiefand civil internccine war, would
vanish if the fundamental principles of the Union,
as a compact between sovereign parties, were rec-
ognized and appreciated. The withdrawal by a
State for just cause would be peaceful.
Before secession, the citizens of the State may
oppose the separation, if the*deem it impolitic or
inexpedient, by all lawful means. But after sepa-
ration, which ipso facto releases them from obe-
dience to the Federal authority, it becomes their
duty to support the State in the operation of its
independence, and as the sovereign to whom they
owe their allegiance. On these plain and con-
clusive principles there would, if war supervened,
be no rebellion, no treason. There would be en-
emies, but no rebels.
I shall not enumerate the violations of the com-
pact, the wrongs inflicted on the South, and the
dangers with which she is menaced. These have
engendered discord, little less calamitous than ac-
tual hostilities. They have been often depicted
in the glowing language of eloquence and truth;
and I shall not repeat them. Senators are familiar
with the gloomy detailsof the insults and wrongs
to the South, and of the causes which are rending
this vast Confederacy into fragments. 1 may
remind Senators, however, that a most powerful
consideration inducing the consent of Texas to
annexation was the apprehension of hazard to
the institution of slavery from the diplomacy of
Great Britain; and now, when she discovers that
instead of finding security she has encountered
peril, when dangers are thickening around, threat-
ening the safety of the institution which lies at
the foundation of her social organization, and is
the life-blood of her existence, it cannot be sur-
prising that she should secure herself against these
instant and pressing evils, by abandoningt he
Confederacy, and adopting such measures as will
effectually protect her rights, and the tranquil en-
joyment of her liberties.
But the controversy about the causes of sepa-
ration is no longer the question of primary inter-
est. It has passed that stage in its progress. The
process of disintegration has begun, and is mak-
ing rapid advances; and the absorbing issue is:
shall this separation be effected in peace, or result
