18G0.1
APPENDIX TO THE CONG-BESSIONAL GLOBE.
ofitii Cong....2d Sess.
Report of the Secretary of the Treasury.
Senate & Ho. of Reps.
has been withdrawn from the ordinary sources
ol expenditure to meet the payment of Treasury
notes past duo, and the interest thereon. This
condition of things demands the immediate atten-
tion of Congress, and its early action will be re-
quired to enable the Department to carry on the
operations of the Government, and at the same
time preserve unimpaired the public credit.
The permanent public debt on June 30, 1860,
■was §45,079,203 08, and the outstanding Treas-
ury notes at that date amounted to $19,690,500,
wili appear by reference to the tabic No. 3,
hereto appended.
By the act of June 22, 1860, provision was
made for the redemption of Treasury notes and
payment of the interest thereon. This act pro-
vided for the issnmg of stock for an amount not
exceeding §21,000,000, at a rate of interest " not
exceeding six per centum per annum, and to he
reimbursed within a period not beyond twenty
years and not less than ten years.'* It was the
policy of the Department to negotiate this loan for
such amounts and at such times as would place
the money in the Treasury to meet these Treasury
notes as they should fall due. To have negotiated
the whole amount thereof, or any portion in ad-
vance of the notes failing due, would have sub-
jected the Government to the unnecessary pay-
ment of interest during the time the money would
have remained in the vaults of the Treasury un-
called for. There was no power in the Depart-
ment to call m the Treasuiy notes until they be-
came due. Besides, the withdrawal of such an
amount of specie from the public would have been
attended with the most injurious effects upon the
financial operations of the country For these
reasons, no negotiation of any portion of the loan
was attempted until the 8th day of September,
1860, when proposals were invited for ten mil-
lions of the loan, which was ample to meet all the
Tieasui y notes that would fall due before Januai y
1, ittOl. The late of inieiest was fixed at five
pei centum pn annum, undei the conviction that
tho loan could be readily negotiated at that rate,
for at that time the five per cent, stock of the
United States was selling in the market at a pre-
mium of tluee per cent. The result realized this
just expectation, and the whole amount offeied
was taken either at par or a small premium. Be-
fore, hovvever, the time had arrived for payment
on the part of the bidders, the financial crisis, to
which! have already referred, came. Some of
the bidders pioinptly complied with llieii propo-
sals, and othc rs were willing to do so, if 1 cquired
by the Department, though it would lie at a con-
siderable sacrifice. Under these circumstances,
an additional term of tint ty days was given to all
bidders who would deposit one half of the amount
of their bids within the time originally prescribed.
Most of the biddcis availed themselves of this
extension, and made their deposits accoidmgly
on or before the 22d November, 1860. A portion,
however, failed to do so, and to them the addi-
tional thiity days has been offered, on condition
that they would increase their forfeit deposit of
one per cent, to five per cent. To this proposi-
tion no response has as yet been received. Tho
amount of the loan awarded to this last class of
bidders, is $1.099,000.
The question presents itself, what action shall
be taken in reference to 'the stock which may be
thus forfeited? There is no power in the Depart-
ment, as the law now stands, to meet the case.
It is recommended that Congress should imme-
diately authorize the Department to dispose of j
this stock upon the best possible terms, holding
the defaulting bidders responsible for the differ- ;
enee between theirbidsand the amount for which :
the stock can now be negotiated. The necessities j
of the Treasury demand prompt action on this ;
subject. Not only arc the Treasury notes past
due rapidly coming in for redemption, but, asal- [
ready stated, those not due are being paid in for ;
custom*, theieby withdrawing fiom the regular .
opei alio)is of the Government its pwncipal source j
of i e\ ( mn . j
'1 h.- pat Lieu).n s m regard to the negotiation of >
tie loan authoHzod by the act of June 22, 1860,
re(in.,.'d to be lepoited to Congress by the third '
seuion of the act, are contained in the statement >
marked No. 48. |
To meet the remaining outstanding Treasury j
notes and interest thereon there is yet to be nego-
tiated $11,000,000 of the stock authorized by the act
of June 22,1860. The statement just made of the
difficulties attending the payment for the stock
already sold, in connection with the fact that
capitalists, in the present condition of the coun-
try, seem unwilling to invest in United States
stock at par, renders it almost certain that this
remaining §11,000,000 cannot now be negotiated
upon terms acceptable to- the Government. The
condition of the Treasury is such that no serious
delay can be indulged. I recommend, therefore,
a repeal of so much of the act of June 22, 1860,
as authorizes the issuing of this additional
$11,000,000 of stock, and that authority be given
for the issuing of Treasury notes to the same
amount, to be negotiated at such rates as will
command the confidence of the country. Ttf
create that confidence, I recommend that the pub-
lic lands be unconditionally pledged for the ulti-
mate redemption of all the Treasury notes which
it may become necessary to issue. I make this
recommendation of substituting Treasury notes
for stock the more readily from the conviction
that there should always exist in tho Department
power to issue Treasury notes for a limited
amount, under the direction of the President, to
meet unforeseen contingencies. It is a power
which can never be abused, as the amount real-
ized from such source can only be used to meet
lawful demands upon the Treasury. No Secre-
tary of the Treasury or President would ever
cxercise it, except compelled to do so by the exi-
gencies of the public service. On the other hand,
it would enable the Government to meet without
embarrassment those sudden revulsions to which
the country is always liable, and which cannot
always be anticipated.
I have already stated that provision should be
made at once to relieve the Treasury from its
present embarrassments, produced by the causes
referred to. Todo thts, Congress should author-
ize the issuing of an additional amount of Treas-
ury notes, not less than $10,000,000. "With these
means, the Department will be enabled to meet
all lawful demands upon it for the present. The
extent of the financial crisis through which the
country is now passing cannot now be determ-
ined, and, until it is better known, no policy can
be recommended of a permanent character.
No change in the levcnue laws can be made in i
time to meet these difficulties; and if it could, the !
same causes would produce the same results un- |
der any laws that might be passed. If Congress, !
however, should determine upon such a policy— I
either with a view to meet existing difficulties or |
for the purpose of providing for the payment of j
any portion of the public debt—I can only refer |
them, for the views of the Department, to my 1
former reports on that subject.
The attention of Congress is again called to the
bill for the revision and consolidation of the rev-
enue laws, prepared by the Department, and sub- :
milted at the first session of the last Congress, in !
compliance with a resolution of the House of I
Representatives. The importance of adopting :
the changes and modifications contained in this 1
measure cannot be too strongly urged upon the j
consideration of Congress. Ihcy would facili- j
tate the operations of the Department, reconcile
conflicting provisions of law, and greatly reduce
the expenditure in this branch of the public ser-
vice. As stated in a former report, the Depart-
ment has already reduced the expense of collect-
ing the revenue from customs, and, with the aid
which the passage of this law would afford, still
further and greater reductions could be made with
benefit to the public service.
In this connection, the attention of Congress is
called to the condition of the revenue marine ser-
vice. With the exception of the Harriet Lane,
there are none but sail vessels employed in the
service. Steam vessels arc so rapidly supplant-
ing sail vessels m the commercial business of the
country that the piesent sad vessels of the rev-
enue service, however well adapted to a foimer
state of things, aie becoming almost useless for
the purposes for which they are employed. I
have before represented to Congress that this
service could be transferred to the Navy Depart-
ment with benefit to the public interest, and I
entertain that opinion still. If this should not
be done, the policy should atall events be adopted
of substituting, as rapidly as possible, steam for
the sail vessels now used. It is due to the offi-
cers employed in this branch of the revenue ser-
vice to say, that their pay does not correspond
with the compensation paid to officers engagedin
similar and. less laborious duties. In the bill al-
ready referred to, an increase of their pay was
recommended, and, in my opinion, it should be
promptly carried out, as an act of simple justice
to a worthy class of public officers.
In each of my former annual reports I called
the attention of Congress to the provisions of the
act of March 3j 1857, on the subject of deposits
by the disbursing agents of the Government. The
impossibility of executing those provisions has
been so fully discussed in those reports that I
deem it unnecessary at this time to do more than
to refer to the subject, and repeat the recommend-
ations of former reports. Congress should not
permit a law to stand upon the statute-books
which cannot be executed, when, by a few simple
modifications, the objects of the law can be fully
effected, and the public interest piotected against
the apprehended evil.
The report of the director of the Mint is here-
with transmitted, marked No. 9. It appears that
the amount of bullion received at the several mint
.establishments during the fiscal year ending June
30, 1860, was §22,673,192 21 in gold, and
$3,152,437 15 in silver; and that the coinage dur-
ing the same period was £23,447,283 35 in gold,
and $3,250,636 26 in silver, togetherwith §342,000
in cents.
The report of the acting engineer in charge of
the bureau of construction is herewith submitted.
It furnishes full details of the progress of the pub-
lic buildings in course of construction.
The policy adopted by the Department in ref-
ercnco to works of this character, and presented
m former reports to Congress, has been continued
duiing the past year. My views in reference to
these works, and especially on the subject of ma-
rine hospitals, have been so often urged upon
Congress, that it is deemed unnecessary to do
more at this time than to say that each year's ob-
servation and experience confirm and strengthen
former convictions. Accompanying the report of
this officer will be found theaclion of the Depart-
ment under tho act of March 3,1857, authorizing
the analysis of iron ores. It will be found to bean
instructive document on this great material inter-
est of our country.
On the 16th February, 1857, Congress passed
a joint resolution authorizing the "Secretary of
the Treasury to cause inquiry to be made, by
two competcntcommissioners, into processes and
means claimed to have been discovered by J. T.
Barclay for preventing abrasion, counterfeiting,
and deterioration of the coins of the United
States." Under the authority of this law, Pro-
fessor Henry Vcthakc and It. E. Rogers were
appointed to act as such commissioners. On tho
22d June, I860, an additional appropriation of
$5,000 was made to carry out the joint resolution
of 1857. 1 herewith communicatc the report of
these commissioners, and the action of the Depart-
ment on the subject. If the objects which Dr.
Barclay proposes to accomplish can be effected,
it is difficult to estimate the advantage which
would be derived by the Government and the
public from his discovery. The experiments
already made have been attended with such re-
sults as to induce the opinion that it will prove
entirely successful. Such is the strong convic-
tion of my own mind to that effect, that I do not
hesitate to recommend that a sufficientappropria-
tion be made to test fully the practicability of the
measure, and at the same time to compensate Dr.
Barclay liberally for his discovery. There should
be placed under the control of the Secretary of the
Treasury for this purpose the sum of $100,000.
Congress at its last session authoiized the ap-
pointment of delegates to represent this Govern-
ment in the International Statistical Congress,
which met in London m July last. I had on two
occasions called the attention of Congress to the
importance of establishing uniform standards of
weights and measures, a uniform unit of currency,
and a uniform mode of preparing and keeping
commercial statistics among the commercial coun-
tries of the world. It was with a view to these
