1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5$8
What would these provisions mean if inserted
in the constitution of a State? That the powers of
Government could be resumed, but only through
war and blood ? Certainly not. They affirm in
American political science a recognized, peaceful
right of resumption by the people of the several
States, the grantors, whether the grant were to the
government of the State or the Government of a
confederated Republic. Small would have been
our advance in the paths of liberty, in vain would
the blood of the Revolution have been shed, if
this be but the assertion of a right which a down-
trodden serf may claim, with a halter round his
neck and the gallows as his doom, if his resist-
ance through blood and carnage bo unsuccessful.
Having established the positions that the States
relinquished no portion of sovereignty, and that
their right to resume their delegated powers is per-
fect, the act of secession furnishes no legal or justi-
fiable ground for war against a State by its former
confederates. The compact was broken by the
North, and it is no cause of hostility that it should
now be treated as broken by the South. We are
at peace with all the world, and the separation of
one or more States from the Confederacy does
not endanger the safety or the existence of others.
But admit that secession is rebellion, will you make
war on five States, five million people, increased
probably to fifteen Sutesand twelve million ? Can
you possibly dream of conquest in a war of this
character ? You cannot employ the forces of the
United States unless in aid of judicial processes;
and how can these be obtained when among the
millions you are attempting to coerce none can be
found who would hold office under your Govern-
ment? But should you disregard tho provisions
of the Constitution, declare martial law, and at-
tempt to crush out the spirit of liberty, be not
deceived with the delusion that you will triumph
in this wicked warfare, nor that the war would
spend all its fury in the South. Assaults can be
best repelled by assuming the offensive.
If forpeace weare to have desolation, the butch-
ery of our finest youths, the mangled limbs of men,
the shrieks of the virgin, the smoke and ashes of
consumed habitations, think you that these sccncs
of horror will not be enacted in your opulent and
magnificent cities, your great towns, and beautiful
hamlets ? If war should come, its calamities will
be inflicted on the whole country, and blood will
redden the streams of the North and the South.
Let no countenance be given the delusion that
slavery is an element of weakness, or that the
South would be endangered from slave insurrec-
tions. The heroes and conqueiing nations of
antiquity were slaveholders. I was born in the
South, have lived long upon the earth, and have
never witnessed even an attempt at an insurrec-
tion. Of the rumors of this character, but very
few have any foundation other than the causeless
alarm, or, though rarely, a spirit of mischief.
The phantasm that there is no sense of security
in the South, is utterly groundless and superla-
tively absurd. Many of the slaves, raised with
their masters, joining with them in all the sports
of boyhood, the constant recipients of their kind-
ness in sickness and health, would eagerly sacri-
fice their lives in their defense. And all of them,
regarding their masters very justly as their guard-
ians and protectors, would most willingly en-
counter danger and render service to secure their
triumph. But this would not be necessary; the
slaves would continue their agricultural labors,
while the war would rage in a sphere above them.
The food and supplies of the country would thus
be constantly produced, while these would be very
much endangered m the free-laborsections, where
every inhabitant may be dragged from his field to
the camp.
Such very few insurrections as have occurred,
and the plans of risings that have been detected,
have invariably been partial—limited to a neigh-
borhood, county, or small district. The alarms
have been partial, and very quickly subside; and
the idea that the South would be required to em-
ploy part of its forces to prevent insurrection
could have originated only m the disordered brain
of a fanatic; and I dismiss it as unworthy of con-
sideration. Bad men may attempt excitement,
and may create irritation; but they will have 110
more success in disturbing the loyalty of the slave
population than did John Brown in his raid at
Harpers Ferry. .
Why should there be war between the united
States of the North and the United States of the
South. If the United States of Mexico and the
States of America now live in peace to the mutual
advantage of both countries, why should not the
confederacies that are now springing into life be
at peace? The dissolution of this Union is not
an end of free government. Its power gives
security and repose to the people; and this is the
cause of their rapid advancement in all the ele-
ments of prosperity and greatness. But this devel-
opment and prosperity will flow on in increased
volume and grandeur under any free Govern-
ments strong enough to repel foreign aggression
and repress domestic dissension. The two con-
federacies would, in a few years, be cach of them
more powerful than the existing Government;
and if there be amity between them, (there being
no internal elements of discord in either confed-
eracy,) the progress and improvement of each
would attain a height and greatness of which
history furnishes no example.
I will notice but very briefly the charge of in-
gratitude against the State of Texas, should she
attempt a separation from the United States. It
must be remembered that the United States did
not, by the annexation of Texas, propose exclu-
sively or mainly the benefit of the latter.
The official records show that the honor, peace,
and safety of the United States were the principal
considerations. Among other proofs of this, I
refer to the inaugural message of President Polk.
He said:
" None can fail to see the danger to our safety arid future
peace if Texas icraams an independent State, oi becomes
an ally or dependency of some ioieign nation more pow-
erful than heit-elf. Is there one anions our citizens wiio
would not piefer perpetual peace with Texa^ to occasional
vvais. which so often occui between bordering independent
nations? Is there one wiio would not prefer free intercourse
with hei. to high duties on all our products and manufac-
tuics which enter her pott-? or cro-=s hcrfrontiers.? Ts there
one who would not prefer an unrestricted communication
with her citizens, to the frontier obstructions which must
occur if she icmams out of the Union ?"
I will recur very briefly to the conditions of
annexation. The United States demanded the
unconditional surrender of the aims and forts of
Texas, and all the means of public defense; al-
though now, when their own arms and forts are
in question, the savage cry of the swarming mil-
IionsoftheNorth is, " we will have the forts or we
will have blood." I will not comment on the terms
in relation to slavery. The statement of them
would be their condemnation. This vast acces-
sion to the United States of fertile territory, in a
delightful climate, was characterized in the Pres-
ident's message of December 2,1845, as ablood-
less achievement." The sword had no part,nor
did the purse have any in the victory.
True, Texas retained her public lands; but
those, after the surrender of the revenue from cus-
toms, were her principal resource for the extin-
guishment of the sacred debt of the war of inde-
pendence, and for the support of the government
and the existence of the Republic. But Texas is
charged—at least indirectly—with being the cause
of the war with Mexico, with its enormous ex-
penditures of money, and of the blood and lives
of thousands who fell upon the battle-field, covered
with imperishable honors. Can it be possible that
all these vast expenditures were incurred, that
State after State of Mexico was overrun, that its
proud Capital was occupied by our victorious
arnyes—and all this for the defense of Texas, and
the integrity of her soil? Let us examine the
facts.
Mr. Polk, in his message of December, 1846,
declares that the war with Mexico was not pro-
voked by the United States; that—
" After yeais of endutarice ofa^giavatcd and unrcdiessed
wrongs on our part, Mexico, in violation of solemn treaty
>-tipiilations, and of every punciplo of justice recognized
by civilized nations, commenced hostilities.; and thus, by
her own act, foieed the war upon us. Long before the
advance ot our Army to the left bank of the Rio Grande,
we had ample cause of war against Mexico."
He presents a gloomy list of the insults and
spoliations, the wrongs and outrages, committed
by Mexico against the citizens of the United States
for a peiiod of more than twenty years; that if
these had been resented, the war would have been
avoided; that the annexation of Texas was no
just cause of offense to Mexico; that Texas bad
been an independent State for more than ten
years; that the threats of Mexico to invade the
territory of Texas became more imposing as it
became more apparent that Texas would decide
in favor of annexation; that it would- have tea-
a violation of good faith<to the -people-of Texas
to have refused aid against a threatened iw4&on
to which they had been exposed by their fret-deBtm-
ination to annex themselves tQ our Union. ' ' 7, / -.
" The war 1ms not been waged with a view tQ cOnqtt££t|
but having been commenced by Mexico, it has>een cdrri^t
into the enemy's country, and will be vigorously prosecute#
there, with a view to obtain an honorable peace, and thereby
to secure an ample indemnity for the expenses of the wat
as well as to our muck injured citizens, who hold large
pecuniary demands against Mexico." . - ,
It is apparent, from the message, that the in-
vasion by Mexico of the territory of Texas was
occasioned by the acceptance of the terms of an-
nexation by the latter; that though Mexico struck
the first blow, yet the United States immediately
assumed the aggressive,—extended her conquests,
not for the defense of Texas, but to secure indem-
nity for the expenses of the war, and the losses
and wrongs of the injured citizens. These griev-
ances had been set forth in the previous message
of the President,, of May 11, 1846; and Congress '
responded by the act of May 13, 1846, authoriz-
ing fifty thousand volunteers and ten million ap-
propriation. The proclamation from the War
Department, issued by General Taylor, of June
4, 1846, shows that the United States were.pros-
ecuting the war for causes other than the defense
of Texas. Here is the proclamation of General
Taylor:
" To the people of Mexico : After many years of patient
enduiance, the United States are at length constrained to
acknowledge that a war now exists between our Govern-
ment and the Government of Mexico. For many years our
citizens have been subjected to repeated insults and inju-
ries, our vessels and cargoes have been seized and confis-
cated, our merchants have been plundered, maimed, im-
prisoned, without cause and without reparation. At length
your Government acknowledged the justice of our claims,
and agreed, by treaty, to make satisfaction, "by payment of
several million dollars; but this treaty has been violated by
your rulers, and the stipulated payments have been with-
held. Our late effort to terminate all difficulties by peace-
ful negotiation has been rejected by the Dictator i'aredes j
and our minister of peace, whom your rulers had agreed to
receive, has been refused a hearing. He has been treated
with indignity and insult, and Paredes has announced that
war exist* between us."
And here are the purposes for which the war is
waged:
" We coxne to obtain reparation for repeated wrongs and
injuries; we come to obtain indemnity for the past and se-
curity for the future."
The only indemnity for the long-defarred claims
of our citizens, and the reimbursement of the ex-
penses of the war, was stated in the message of
December, 1847, to be a cession of a portion of
the territory of Mexico to the United States;
that the doctrine of " no territory was no indem-
nity," and if sanctioned, would be a public ac-
knowledgment that our country was wrong, that
the war declared by Congress with extraordinary
unanimity was unjust, and should be abandoned;
" an admission unfounded in fact, and degrading
to the national character." This is an unequivo-
cal acknowledgment, that no matter with what in-
tent Mexico may have stricken the first blow, or
in other words, shed "American blood on Ameri-
can soil, "yet the United States prosecuted the war
to obtain indemnity for the grievous arid accumu-
lated wrongs of their citizens.
Texas is surely not responsible, morally or
otherwise—or at least to but a limited extent—for
the vast expenditures of money, or for the lives of
so many valiant and heroic men sacrificed in the
prosecution of this war of conquest, to indemnify
citizens of the United States, and secure them
against future wrongs. One effect of the war was
to secure Texas against foreign aggression; and
for that she has not been wanting in gratitude.
Another result was the cession of New Mexico
and California to the United States, or five hun-
dred and twenty-six thousand and seventy-eight
square miles west of the Rio Grande. The latter,
namely, California, has supplied the world with
$500,000,000 of its circulation, all drawn from
the rich mineral lands of the United States. If
the gold be extracted by squatters without right
or title, it is the misfortune of the Government,
but does not impair the value of the acquisition.
The fortifications and the arms and military
stores of the United States in Texas are too ut-
terly insignificant to deserve notice. Of the more
than thirty million dollars expended for fortifica-
tions in the United States, but #500 have been
laid out in Texas. There is but a beggarly ac-
count of small arms in the United States arsenals
