I860.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
13
36th Gong....2d Sess.
Report of the Postmaster General.
Sefate & Ho. op Reps.
Total postages on mails transported by steam-
ships bet wren New Yoi k, Now Orleans, and San
Francisco, via the Isthmus of Panama, including
mails for Aspinwali and Panama (New Granada)
and Acapulco, Mexico, §250,862 75; between
New Orleans and San Francisco, via the Isthmus
of Tehunntepec, from July 1 to October iO, 18G0,
fl ,584 dl; between the United States and the
West India Islands, $66,715 67; and between
New Orleans and Vera Cruz, Mexico, $0,030 75.
The amount paid to the different homo lines of
ocean simmers conveying mails to and I'tom Ha-
vana and Matanzas, (Cuba,) and lecciving as
compensation the United States postages, sea and
inland, was $50,651 68, and for transporting mcviU
by steamship between New Orleans and Vuia
Cruz, Mexico, seven round (rips, $1,911 15.
1 have the satisfaction of announcing that a
liberal and advantageous postal treaty has been
concluded with his Majesty the Kins; of the Bel-
gians, through his Exe<'l!<-nev, Mr. Blondeel Van
Cuelenbroeek,envoy extraordinary and minister
plenipotentiary, the ratifications of which have
been legniarly exchanged. A copy of this treaty,
winch beats date the 21st December, 1859, ac-
companies this report.
Some fui tlu*r correspondence has taken place
between this Department and the Jjritish Post
Office on the subject of a reduction of postage
upon international letteis, but as yet without any
satisfactory result. The division of the present
rate of twenty-four cents is as follows:
Umieil States inland postage  5 cents.
Sea po'-taye IG :-
BiiUsii inland po-tage  3 *•
The country performing the ocean service of
coursc receives the sea postage.
This Department having intimated its willing-
ness, upon certain conditions, to favor a reduc-
tion of the postage to twelve cents, the British
office, in February, 1857, proposed that rate, and
that the division should be as follows:
IJi iti^h inland  3 cc ty.
Sea  0 "
United States inland  3 {i
12 <•
As a condition of this proposition it was, how-
ever, further proposed that no letter should be
forwarded unless prepaid to the extent of at least
one rate of twelve cents; that letters on which
postage to the amount of twelve cents had been
paid, hut which were not fully prepaid, should
be chaigt'd with the deficient postage, and in ad-
dition one Kite of twelve cents; and that each
countiy was to retain the amount of postage col-
lected m if, whether for prepaid letteis dispatched
to the other, or for insufficiently paid letters re-
cei\ ed from the other; but the country from which
the h tti-rs weie dispatched was to account to the
other tor the sea rate—six cents for half-ounce
letters—when the mail packet by which the let-
teis were forwarded belonged to that other coun-
try.
This offer was declined, but without presenting
on tlie part of this Department any counter prop-
osition before the month of August, 1859, when
I proposed to take the inland rates established in
the respective countries—three cents United States
to two cents British—as presenting a fair division,
leaving the sea postage at seven cents,, and that
each country should continue to account as at
piesent for its due proportion of the postage, in-
stead of retaining all it should collect and account-
ing only in respect to the sea postage. Regarding
this proposition as most liberal, offering as it docs
to the international correspondence advantages in
reality superior to those extended to our domestic
letteis in the aggregate, since a considerable pro-
portion of the latter are subject to ten cents post-
age, it was confidently believed Lliat it would be-
promptly accepted. But I regret to say it was
declined; the British Government insisting on an
equal division of the inland postage, and propos-
ing that the inland rate for each country shall be
two cents, leaving the sea postage at eight cents.
Here the subject rests. On their sideit is claimed
that a very large proportion of the letters are
delivered free by paid letter-carriers and rural
messengers, that in some respects their land con-
veyance is superior to ours, and that in the con-
veyance by sea, their packets render a more val-
uable and far more costly service than those of
the United States. The answer on the part of
the United States is that our mail service is much
more extended and costly than that of Great
Britain; that every year adds to its expense; that
in point of fact, while in that country it is a
source of incomc, in the United States it is a tax
of several million dollars annually on the Treas-
ury; and when, under these circumstances, we
are willing, in a spirit of liberality and for the
sake of uniformity, to take our lowest rate of
thiee cents as our proportion of the inland post-
age on international letters, allowing them their
inland rate of two cents, it is certainly the utmost
that could in honor be granted. The true prin-
ciple is, that each Government is the best if not
the only competent judge of Hie cost and \alue
of its own inland postal service. That of Eng-
land, with all its celerity and regularity and other
advantages, has been determined by the Govern-
ment of that country to be worth but two cents
the single rate; and that this is no under-estimate
is proved by the fact that the postal system is
there fully self-sustaining. The domestic service
of the United States has been determined by
Congress to be woitli three cents the single rate
for distances under, and ten cents for distances
over, thiee thousand miles; and that this is no
ouu-estimate is conclusively shown by the fact
that the postal system here, so far from sustain-
ing itself, is, as already stated, a heavy annual
charge upon the Treasury. The spirit of the
age, which encourages international correspond-
ence as it does international com me ice, forbids
that a foreign letter should be subjected to a
higher postage for its inland transportation than
that which is imposed upon domestic letters, and
it 1ms certainly no claim to be carried foralower
rate. As m the division of the twelve-cent post-
age proposed, England will consent to n > abate-
ment of her inland rate, her postal ctiioiities
cannot reasonably expect that the United States
will reduce their domestic rate, which, as shown,
is already much below what the service actually
costs, it is difficult to perceive on what principle
it can be claimed that our rate, which is not re-
munerative, shall suffer abatement, while that of
England, which is confessedly so, remains intact.
Seven cents is regarded as affording an ample
compensation for the ocean transportation. If,
however, it is not so, it should be increased; but
that increase should not he abstracted from the
domestic rate of either of the two countries. As
regards the superiority of the English ocean con-
veyance, so long as they arc enabled by large
subsidies to keep vessels of great speed regularly
in the service the year lound; they will continue,
as heietoforc, to cairy much the largest part of
the mails, and will, ofcouise, continue to realize
a correspondingly large proportion of the sea
postage. I am gratified, however, to be able to
state that, although the United States vessels arc
prohibited hy law from receiving anything beyond
the postages for the conveyance of the mails,
there is now a fair prospect of our soon having a
regular weekly Hnc to Europe by American ships.
In my solicitude to avoid every obstacle to an
immediate reduction of the postage upon letters,
I proposed to the Postmaster General of Great
Britain to leave the subject of postage upon
pnntcd matter for separate negotiation. High as
the postage is on letters, it is even more unreason-
able on many kinds of printed matter. The united
charge on newspapers and pamphlets weighing
not over two ounces, is four cents; on pamphlets
and magazines exceeding two ounces m weight,
eight cents an ounce; and books are admitted into
the mail only at letter late. The British office
proposes that each country shall charge what it
pleases upon printed matter of every description,
crediting the other with thirty cents a pound
when the other performs the sea service,and with
ten cents apound when the sea conveyance is by
its own packets. The counter proposition of this
Department is, that upon newspapers the postage
shall be two cents, prepaid, and divided equally,
whether the sea conveyance is by one or the other
country; and that all other kinds of printed mat-
ter be subject to compulsory prepayment, at two
cents an ounce, or thirty«two cents a pound, the
postage to be apportioned and accountcd for as
follows:
United States inland.       ,,,,,,10 cents.
Sea (the country carrying receiving)   16 "
British inland   6 "
33
PACIFIC MAILS*
By the terms of the act of June 15, I860, the
compensation for the ocean service between our
Atlantic and Pacific coasts was limited to the
postage received on the mails conveyed. Imme-
diately after the passage of this law,a coriespond-
once was opened with the owners of the steam-
ships engaged in the trade between New York
and San Francisco, and the mails were offered to
them on the conditions of the act referred to; but
they were peremptorily declined, on the ground
that in consequence of the diversion of a large
part of the letter mail to the overland route, the
postages would afford a wholly inadequate remu-
neration. This fact the President of the United
States at once communicated to Congress, and
urged that the act of June 15 should be so modi-
fied as to authorize the Department to contract
for the continuance of the then existing transport-
ation of the mails between New York and San
Francisco on such terms as might be deemed
leasonable and just. Congress, however, ad-
journed without taking any further action upon
the subject. In view of the importance of these
mails, and of the impracticability, from their great
weight and bulk, of forwarding them over land,
a renewed effort was made for their transmission
by sea; and finally Cornelius Yanderbilt agreed
to convey them until the 4th of March next, upon
the terms of the act of June 15, but upon the ex-
press assurance that the President would recom-
mend to Congiess to make to him such further
allowance, over and above the postage, as would
constitute a fair and adequate compensation for the
service. But for this assurance all the endeavors
of the Department to maintain an ocean postal
communication between our Atlantic and Pacific
ports would, it is confidently believed, have
proved unavailing.
The subjoined table exhibits the postages re-
ceived from the ocean and Isthmus route to Cali-
fornia. as well as from the overland service, for
three quarters of the present year, ending Sep-
tember 30:
March quarter, 1860.
Ocean and Isthmus postages $39,773 97
Oveiland postages  30,772 49
June quarter, 1860.
Ocean and IsthmiH phages  33,607 62
Oveiland postages  34,509 73
September quarter, 1BG0.
Oeean and Isthmus postages  25,044 70
Oveiland postages  37,010 75
It will be seen that the revenue from the ocean
service has constantly diminished, while that from
the overland route has constantly increased,
though not in the same proportion. The dimi-
nution and increase are alike due to the order of
this Department under date of 17th of December,
1859, directing letter mails, which had previously
gone by the steamers, to be made up and for-
warded overland. During the last quarter, which
was the first under the existing contract, the fall-
ing off in the receipts from the ocean service was
very rapid, having declined to $25,644 70. This
is probably below the quarterly average for the
year. Assuming, however, the receipts for the
preceding quarter to be the average, this would
give at the rate of $134,430 48 per annum. That
this sum, should it even be realized, is not a full
compensation for the service as actually per-
formed, is undeniable; but what further allow-
ance should be made to the contractor, is a ques-
tion which belongs to the discretion of Congress
to determine. Prior to the 30th of June, 1860,
the transmission of these mails, including a direct
service from New Orleans, cost the Government
at the rate of $350,000 per annum. The present
contract does not embrace the New Orleans mails,
but it provides for an additional monthly trip be-
tween New York and San Francisco, making the
service tn-monthly instead of semi-monthly as
heretofore. It is Sue to the contractor to say that
he has thus far faithfully fulfilled his engagement
