i860.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL -GLOBE.
15
36th Cong....2d Sess.
Heport of the Postmaster General.
ISenate & Ho. of Eeps.
winch have been entertained in reference to it,as
a carrier of the mails.
Under the authority of the act of June 14,1858,
a contract has been entered jnto for the transport-
ation of the mails between Charleston and New
Orleans, via the ocean and the Florida railroad—
schedule time, fully guarantied, 60 hours. The
present sciudule time between New York and
Charleston is 48 hours, which would give, by tins
route, frotn New York to New Orleans, 108 hours,
or 44 days—being; 14 hours less than the average
time hy the central, and 31 hours less than that by
the Wilmington route. The expectation, how-
ever, is confidently indulged that the service be-
tween Charleston and New Orleans will be per-
formed m from 50 to 55 hours, m which event
there will bo thus offered advantages for the con-
veyance of the great southern mail much superior
to those hitherto afforded by any other route. In
this connection may be mentioned the recently
established
NIGHT MAIL BETWEEN- NEW YORK AND BOSTON.
The value and necessity of a postal communi-
cation between these huge commercial marts, at
a later hour of the day than has hitherto existed,
has long been apparent to the Department; but
various difficulties have intervened to prevent its
attainment. All the lines connecting the two cities
are composed of three and four distinct compa-
nies, deriving their charters from as many differ-
ent States, and having each its own interests and
local purposes to advance. Recent negotiations,
however, have resulted in arrangements for an
interior night train, leaving New York at eight, p.
m., and running thiough New Haven, Hartford,
Spiingfield. and Worcester, leaching Boston in
not more than nine hours, and returning from
Boston to New York at similar hours, in this
manner, correspondence prepared in either city
to the close of the latest business hours is taken
tlnoujjh and delivered at an early hour of the suc-
ceeding morning. A connection is also made at
New Yoik with the morning mail fiom the Kouth
—winch is thus exp< dued some thirteen hours—so
that letters (and passengei s) leaving Washington
in the morning, naive at Boston in less than
twenty-three hours, and from Baltimore in about
twenty-one hours; conversely, correspondence
leaving Boston at eight o'clock one evening, is
received and delivered at Washington before the
sapic hour the next evening.
The arrangement is for three months only, it
being an experiment, to result in a permanent or-
ganization, should it prove successful as a postal
measure, and remunerative to the contractoes as
a passenger conveyance.
RAJLROAD SERVICE.
After alluding to the irregularities connected
Willi the transportation of the mails on the rail-
roads of the country, growing out of the refusal
of many of the companies to execute the custom-
ary contiaets, it was stated in the last annual
report to be the purpose of the Depaitment to
4< notify these companies that, on and after March
31, 1860, the mails would be delivered to them
only on condition of their entering into formal
agreements, containing on their part the usual
stipulations for the faithful performance of the
service.'5 Subsequently, however, a bill was
passed by the Senate, and would probably have
passed the House of Representatives, but for lack
of time to consider it, essentially modifying the
existing laws prescribing the compensation and
duties of the railroad companies as earners of the
mails; and it was deemed advisable that the pro-
visions of this hill should be the basis of the con-
tracts, the execution of which it was proposed to
enforce. The action contemplated has therefore
been postponed, in order that the Department
may be in a condition to avail itself at once of the
relief which would be afforded by the bill referred
to, should it become a law.
NEW ROUTES.
By the " act to furnish additional mail facil-
ities, *' approved May 10.18(50,-the sum of $25,160
was plaeetl at the disposal of the Dupai tnirnt for
mail routes :ii v.v-l-'rn Kansas, authorized by the
act of M u-<'h 'Si, pieceding, for the supply oY the
Pike's Peak region; and the sum of $400,000 was
appropriated soi putting in operation such of the
routes established by the act of June 14, 1858,
" as the Postmaster General might deem advisa-
ble." In anticipation of the appropriation for
the routes first named, namely, those intended
for the conveyance of mails to the gold regions of
western Kansas, proposals were invited by ad-
vertisement, dated on the 7th April, the service
to commence as soon as practicable after the 1st
July, and continue to 30th June, 1862. On open-
ing the proposals, on the 15th June, it was found
that the aggregate sum bid for the whole number
of routes (five) was but $7,579 perannum. The
proposal for the principal route, namely, that from
Julesburg(on the Salt Lake route) to DenverCity,
was $800 only, for the weekly conveyance of a
mail,piobably never less than half a ton in weight,
a distance of two hundred and forty miles, through
a new country, neaily destitute of the necessary
facilities for transportation. As was to have been
expected, the accepted bidder for this route utterly
failed to make any provision for the service; ana,
under a subsequent advertisement, a proposal
was accepted, and a contract made, with another
party to take the mail from Fort Kearny, a point
one hundred and ten miles east of Julesburg, on
the Salt Lake route, and convey it to Denver
City, once a week, in six and a half days, a dis-
tance of four hundred miles. The other routes
included in this group are under contract, and in
efficient operation. The routes established by
the act of June 14,1858—first advertised February
1, 1859, but not let in consequence of the failure
of the postal appropriation bill at the second ses-
sion of the Thirty-Fifth Congress—were again
advertised May 1G, 1860, the service to commence
on the Atlantic routes October 1. and on the Pa-
cific routes December 1. Decisions on the pro-
posals received were made July 31, the aggregate
amount of the bids accepted being at the fate of
$333,641 per annum, or $206,647 for the remain-
der of the fiscal year ending June 30,1861, which
is $13:2,353 less than the sum ($400,000) appro-
priated.
PREPAYMENT.
After the act of March 3,1855, making prepay-
ment compulsory, had gone into operation, it
was found that large numbers of unpaid letters
continued to be posted. Supposing that this was
the result of a lack of knowledge q^i the part of
the public of the requirements of the new law,
the Department directed that fn all such cases the
parties addressed should be advised by the post-
masters that such letters had been deposited for
transmission, and would be forwarded on receipt
of the postage. This practice has been continued
for more than five years, but the evil which it
was established to correct still continues. The fact
that the postal laws exact the prepayment of all
domestic letters is certainly as notorious as any
govei omental regulation can possibly be made;and
yi t these letters not only continue to be lodged
unpaid in the different post offices, but at several
points they have of late been on the increase. In
New York their average number is fifty-nine
daily, and it is presumed that in like proportion
they are received at the other post offices through-
out the country. Regarding this as evidencing
a determination on the part of a portion of the
correspondents using the mails, to evade the
postal laws, the practice of notifying the parties—
which has been one involving much labor and
expense—has within a few weeks been aban-
doned, and this class of letters are now sent at
once to thedoad-letteroffice. Thisappropriate dis-
position of them will, it is believed, be promptly
followed by a general compliance with the law.
The same indisposition to obey the postaHaws
has been manifested by the non-payment of the
carrier's fee on letters collected from the boxes
for the mails in those cities in which this feature
of the penny post has been intioduced. The act
of July 3, 1836, is imperative in requiring the
prepayment of this fee; and concurring, as I do
fully, in its policy, i have not felt justified in sus-
pending or m any degiee modifying its operation.
As, however, the date of its enforcement is so
recent, it has been deemed advisable to pursue
for a limited period the course already mentioned
as hiving been adopted in reference to another
class of letters, after the passage of the act of
Match 3, lb55. The letteis are now retained for
the payment of the carrier's fee, and the parties
addressed are notified, in order that, if they choose"
to do so, they may make the payment, which
should have been made by the writers. Through
the press, and by placards on the letter-boxes,
every possible publicity has been given to this
law; and yet, from inadvertence, or fraud, or
other cause, numerous letters continue to be de*
posited in the boxes on which the carrier's fee is
not paid. The courtesy of the Department in
giving the notice alluded to—which has imposed
upon it a heavy burden—instead of being apprec-
iated, has been the means of provoking much
bitter and senseless animadversion on the part of
those who find themselves overtaken by the un-
pleasant consequences of their own neglect or
fraud, or of that of their correspondents. To all
this, it is sufficient to reply, that the postal au-
thorities are but performing a plain and simple
duty in enforcing this law; and if embarrassments
ensue, it is but proper that they should fall upon
those by whose willful or heedless conduct they
have been superinduced. Ignorance so defiant of
all attempts at its enlightenment, or indifference
so insensible alike to duty and to interest, may
well be permitted to suffer annoyance, and even
loss, without exciting any serious concern. It
is proper to say, that culpable negligence is not
by  ny means confined to the correspondents of
our own country. In England, as appears from
tlio last report of the Postmaster General, more
than eleven thousand letters were posted during
the year 1859, without any address at all, while,
it is added, two hundred are daily posted at the
principal office in London, unsealeu. Were the
duty of the public in reference to its correspond-
ence as faithfully performed as is that of the Post
Office Department, much of the complaint now
heard of its irregularity and mismanagement
would cease.
PENNY POST.
In the last annual report it was recommended
that the provision of the act of 1825, levying a
postage of one cent on 44 drop letters," should be
repealed, in order that the Department, by a re-
duction of its rates, might be enabled more suc-
cessfully to compete with private expresses in the
delivery of the local correspondence of the cities.
This repeal was made; but Congress went fur-
ther, and declared that thereafter the charge on
each lettei delivered by a carrier should be not
exceeding one cent, xhe effect of this was to
take from the Department the discretion in regu-
lating the charge which had been conferred upon
it by the acts of July 2,1836, and March 3,1851.
It has been satisfactorily ascertained that in the
smaller and sparsely populated cities and towns
the compensation fixed by the recent act is wholly
insufficient to support the carrier system. Yet
in this class of cities and towns the public demand
the deliveiy of their letters by carriers, and are
entirely willing to pay for the service a rate of
compensation which would render it remunera-
tive. As the discretion previously existing upon
the subject has never been abused, and as there
is no probability that the rate would ever be raised
beyond what would be necessary to render the
carrier system self-sustaining, or beyond what
would be cheerfully submitted to by the public,
I lecommend that the provision of the act of last
session be repealed, and that the Department shall
have authority to collect such postage on all let-
ters delivered by carriers as shall be deemed neces-
sary to compensate them for the service, provided
that it shall not exceed two cents per letter.
The acts of July 2, 1836, and March 3, 1851,
contemplated that the samecharge should be made
for the delivery of letters into the post office as
for their delivery at the domicil of the citizen.
From some unexplained cause, this provision of
the law was not executed, and the service of de-
livering lettcrsintothepost office for transmission
has been gratuitously performed. No reason
could be urged in support of this usage, since this
service, thus rendered without any return, has
always to the extent of its performance cost the
Department as much as that for which compen-
sation has been exacted. Orders have accord-
ingly been given for the enforcement of this view
of the law; and the revenue derived fiom this
source, added to the other teceipts of the (arrier
system, will give it adequate support in tin large
cities at the low rate of one cent established uy
