602
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 28,
sir, I would despise myself no less than the
public would reproach me, if, at this august mo-
ment, I should contribute anything to the exas-
peration of passions already too much inflamed.
I advert to the wrongs which the South has en-
dured, with no other view than to vindicate the
position she has assumed in this controversy,
in what manner, I repeat, has the North repaid
the fidelity with which the South has redeemed
all the pledges of confederate faith and discharged
all the duties of common citizenship ?
At the epoch of the Revolution, and, indeed,
when the Federal Government was organized,
slavery prevailed in the North as well as in the
South. If not the chief, it was at least conspicu-
ous among the interests for the protection of
which our present system of Government was
established. The Constitution distinguishes it by
express and repeated recognition, in each case
fortifying it by particular guarantees.
Now, sir, against this great and vital interest
—an interest of which the pecuniary value is in-
dicated by countless millions, and the importance
of which, in the more essential aspect of social
and political relation, no .form of expression
can adequately represent; an interest on which
subsists the material prosperity of the southern
States, and with which their security and inde-
pendence are inseparably associated,—this inter-
est, so vast and so vital, is the object of organized
and incessant assault by those who are bound by
every obligation of written covenant and confed-
erate faith to protect it. They have launched
against it the anathemas of moral and legal out-
lawry, and have canvassed Christendom for re-
cruits in the crusade of Abolitionism. They have
burdened it with iniquitous and oppressive impo-
sitions. They have denied it the development
without which it cannot long endure. They have
attacked it in detail by every variety of criminal
expedient. And, finally, they have essayed,
through the instrumentality of servile insurrec-
tion, to involve the South in total and irreparable
ruin.
These wrongs, I know, appeal in vain to the
men by whom they tire inflicted; but I can im-
agine a case analogous in all essential particulars,
in the contemplation of which they will not be
likely to exhibit so much of insensibility. The
manufacturing interest, if not the main, is among
the most important of the industrial pursuits of
New England. Now, sir, suppose the other
States of the Confederacy should combine for the
spoliation of this interest, and to that end should
hold it un to universal execration, should invoke
upon it the vengpance of Heaven, and proclaim it
beyond the protection of society; suppose they
should employ the agency of Government for its
destruction, should organize conspiracies to rav-
age it, and, to impart the last touch of enormity
to the outrage, should inflame the passions of your
operatives to bloody and incendiary revolt; who
believes the people of New England would pa-
tiently endure this accumulation of injunes? If
they be capable of so abject a submission, they
possess not the spirit of those ancestors of thens,
with whom the most trivial exaction of illegal
power was an insufferable oppression. Yotthese
and greater grievances are endured by the people
of the slaveholding States; but you only mock our
complaints and tighten the grasp of oppression.
"Why marvel, then, that the tlay of resistance and
retribution is come at last ?
But, sir, wo do not rest the vindication of the
South on the slavery issue alone, nor mainly. Our
adversaries, availing themselves of the prevalent
prejudice against slavery, have diligently repre-
sented that the secession of the South has no other
object than the perpetuation of bondage; and the
effect of the misstatement is visible already in the
unfriendly criticism of the foreign press. It is
time our cause were placed upon the true grounds
of defense: upon principles which, instead of in-
sulating it from the sympathies of the world, will
command respect wheiever justice rules and the
maxims of republican liberty are revered. Ttue
it is that the grievances of which the South com-
plain affect chiefly tlie interests of slavery; but
it is a narrow and unphilosophical view of the
controversy to repiesent the South as protesting
only against those grievances. There, indeed, the
weight of the oppression is most heavily ft It; but
its source must be sought elsewhere. \Ve com-
mit an error in reasoning, and what is more, a
blunder in policy, when we confound the practical
effect with the radical principle of tyranny. If
we mean to apply the resources of true statesman-
ship to the disorders of the country, we must dis-
cover and correct the organic derangements of the
system; otherwise, all our pretentious prescription
is but the quackery of the empiric.
Sir, for fifty years the interests of the South re-
posed and prospered under the sacred safeguards
of the Constitution. By that compact the equality
of the States was guarantied, their right of self-
government recognized, and each member of the
Confederacy mutually pledged to the others in a
spirit of fraternal alliance. The States of the
South acceded to the Union on these conditions:
on the conditions that they were to be the peers
of their sovereign associates, that their rights were
to be inviolable, and their property secure under
the protection of the common Government. This
sacred covenant was the bond of union between
the confederate Republics. The Constitution im-
posed reciprocal obligations on the States, and
pledged them to mutual offices of good-will. In
what manner are these pledges redeemed, and
these obligations fulfilled, by the northern States?
Foremost in the catalogue, of southern griev-
ance is the complaint that the fundamental prin-
ciple of the Confederacy, the equality of the States,
is subverted by a combination between a majority
of States to exclude other States from an equal
participation in the common domain, and so to
deny them equal advantages of expansion and
development under the operation of the Federal
Government. Nay, this Government itself is
abused to the consummation of that iniquity.
To all candid men I appeal, if this single fact
of the exclusion of the South from any share and
enjoyment of the joint territory of the States,
doesnotinvolve every circumstance that can rouse
the indignation of freemen—a breach of constitu-
tional compact; a stigma of inferiority; a princi-
ple of civil disability; and a measure of practical
oppression. In private life, individuals lesentno
grievance sooner than an invasion of their rights
of property. Among nations, an encroachment on
their territorial possessions is an nffront which
war alone can redress. But the exclusion of the
South from the common domain of the Confeder-
acy, besides those circumstances of insult and ag-
gression, implies a breach of the most solemn stip-
ulation, and a reflection the most offensive on the
southern character. For you cannot deny the
South equal rights in tbeTeriitoiies, without sub-
verting the principles of the Constitution; and in
justification of this wrong, the social system of
the South is denounced as the " sum of all vil-
lainies." What other or greater grievance need the
South urge m vindication of its conduct?
But this is not all. In respect of another essen-
tial condition of Federal Union—the guarantee of
State sovereignty, the right reserved by each State
to administer its own affairs and to develop its
own destinies, 111 harmony with the general in-
terests of the Confedenicy,—whatsoever of this
right may have survived the systematic encroach-
ments of Federal usurpation , has vanished before
the threat of military coercion. .Already sover-
eign States are reduced, in contemplation, to the
condition of provincial dependencies; and that
doom they would speedily realize, but for the
indomitable spirit which quails not before all the
" pomp and circumstancc" of your martial prep-
aration.
Perhaps even these radical violations of the
Constitution, in its spirit and essence, you may
repel as the vague refinements of a temper alert
to discovermaterial of sectional crimination. Let
us descend, then, for a moment, to a single in-
stance in illustration of the perfidy by which the
South is defrauded of its covenanted rights. An
explicit provision of the constitutional compact
exacts the restitution of fugitive slaves; yet that
provision, albeit so essential that without it the
South originally refused to join the Confederacy,
is shamefully annulled by the noithui n States; and
by the default millions of southern property have
been confiscated. So flagrantly has the South
beonNjh^tod of its constitutional lights and de-
nied tl*?idvantages of the Union, all the burdens
of whicn, however, it bears in enormous dispro-
portion !
What stronger argument than this, of violated
faith and broken engagements, of the invasion of
chartered lights and" the usurpation of forbidden
power, can be required in vindication, if you please,
of revolutionary measures? All writers, except
the partisans of divine right and passive obedi-
ence, are agreed that an infraction of the implied
contract between sovereign and subject absolves
the latter from his allegiance. It is this principle
of constitutional liberty which distinguishes the
great rebellion and the revolution of 1688 as the
most glorious epochs in British history. Say,
then, is there less obligation in a solemnly rati-
fied and written compact, than in a tacit and dis-
puted engagement; and are sovereign States denied
a redress which the genius of free government
guaranties to individuals?
But, the defense of the South rests upon still
stronger grounds; and her secession from the Con-
federacy is justified by even higher principles than
the right to vindicate a violated covenant. Abso-
lute power is the essence of tyranny, whether the
power be wielded by a monarch or a multitude.
The dominant section in this Confederacy claims
and exercises absolute power—power without
limitation and without responsibility: without
limitation, since all the restrictions of the Consti-
tution are broken down; and without responsi-
bility,because, in the nature of thing's, the weaker
interest cannot control the majority. Ofall species
of tyranny, the South is subjected to the most in-
tolerable. Under the rule of a despot, we might
hope something of his impartial indifference be-
tween the sections; but to be exposed to the un-
bridled sway of a majority adverse in interest,
inimical in feeling, and ambitious of domination,
is to be reduced to a condition more abject than
that of the slaves whose emancipation is the pre-
text of all this controversy.
It is against this sectional domination, this rule
of the majority without law and without limit—
a rule asserted in subversion of the Constitution,
and established on the rums of the Confederacy—
it is in resistance to this despotic and detestable
rule, that the people of the South have taken up
arms. This, ir, sis the cause of the South; and
tell me if cause more just ever consecrated revo-
lution? It is the cause of self-government against
the domination of foreign power—the very cause
forwhich ourfathers foughtin 177(>. Sooner than
submit to the irresponsible rule of alien interests,
they tore themselves from the embrace of the
mother country, and staked all in the triumph of
secession. Washington and Jefferson were the
most illustrious of secessionists; and we of to-
day are but walking in the light of their glorious
example. They held it unworthy of freemen to
bear the burden of arbitrary imposition; and tlicy
were not conciliated by the deceptive tender of
partial representation in the British Pailiament.
The South has her Representatives in this Capi-
tol; but their voice is of no avail against the north-
ern majority. She is taxed not with her own
consent, but by the votes of delegates whom she
cannot control.
1 repeat, it is against the rule of a sectional des-
potism that the South demands protection; and
it is to assert the cause of civil liberty, that she
declares her independence. You of the North
lavished your sympathy on the people of Hun-
gary in their revolt against Austrian absolutism;
but our cause is identical in principle and in pur-
pose. At this moment, while you bestow admi-
ration and applause on the revolutionists of Italy,
I would remind you that the people of the South
are moved by the same impatience of alien ascend-
ency, and the same aspiration for self-govern-
ment, which, after ages of slumber, have at Jast
awakened the Italians to a recollection of their
long-lost liberties.
The cause of the South solicits recognition and
regard by yet another consideration, by a con-
sideration which appeals to the interest of every
section.
To-day, it is slavery which suffers from the
overthow of constitutional guarantees, and the
irresponsible reign of the majority. But, the prin-
ciple of absolute power once asccndant in the
Government, no interest is secure; and circum-
stances will determine against what object it may
be directed. If, in contravention of the compact
of Union, slavery may bo oppressed by Federal
action, the navigation of New England, or the
iron interest of Pennsylvania, will be exposed to
the same ruin, whenever they shall incur the dis-
pleasure or invite the rapacity of other sections.
The only safeguard of American liberty is in
