18.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[December 3,
36th Cons....2d Sess.
Report of the Secretary of War.
Senate & Ho. of Reps.
active campaign has been carried on against them,
and they have been met and chastised on several
occasions. In one of these engagements, toward
the head waters of the Republican fork of Kan-
sas river, a large body of these Indians was en-
countered by Captain Sturgis, of the first cavalry,
and severely chastised. They have been broken
and dispersed in every direction; but, being en-
tirely nomadic, they may concentrate, and again
make hostile demonstrations somewhere within
the boundaries of |he immense region over which
they roam.
- In New Mexico, the outrages and depredations
of the Indians have been very daring and numer-
ous, and nearly the whole Territory may be said
to have been infested by them throughout the
season. To make an effective campaign against
these Indians, and to chastise them in an exem-
plary manner,4it became necessary to take a large
part of the troops stationed in Utah southward to
New Mexico. This march was performed in a
very creditable manner, and in good time. The
troops, after accomplishing a march of six hun-
dred miles through a trackless wilderness, were
ready, after a short halt, to make a movement of
one hundred and fifty miles more, and prosecute
a campaign against the numerous and powerful
tribe of the Navajoes. There is little doubt that
these savages will meet with the chastisement
which has become necessary in order to bring
them under control again.
The Pa-Utes, a powerful tribe of warlike In-
dians about the region of Carson Valley, in the
Territory of Utah, broke out into hostility to the
whites very suddenly this summer, and com-
mitted many atrocious murders. A party of vol-
unteers from the vicinity of Washoe silver mines
was organized, under command of Mr. Ormsby,
for pursuit. The Indians, who were very nu-
merous, succeeded in drawing this party into an
ambuscade, driving them back with considerable
loss. Among the killed in that unfortunate af-
fair was the leader, Mr. Ormsby, himself. This
incident created great excitement and alarm
throughout all the mining country of Carson Val-
ley, then rapidly filling up from the flattering re-
ports of rich silver deposits there, and it became
necessary to send a sufficient force there promptly
to chastise the Indians and restore quiet and con-
fidence among the inhabitants.
Before, however, the United States troops could
reach the spot, the people of the country determ-
ined to organize ft force of sufficient strength to
pursue and chastise effectually the savages. A
few days were sufficient for the purpose, and a
considerable body of active, daring, enterprising
men, rallied under the command of the celebrated-
Texan ranger, Colonel J. C. Hays, and, after
equipping themselves as best they could, they set
out in pursuit of the Indians. At no great dis-
tance tliey were overtaken by these volunteers, in
conjunction with a detachment of United States
troops, who joined them. They commenccd at
once the attack. The Indians were very power-
ful in numbers and strong in position, and were
assisted greatly,if not commanded,by white men.
Rat -the practiced eye of the cool and daring leader
enabled him to lead the assault with such skill
that the vastly superior number of the Indians
availed them nothing. They were driven from
their strong position after a severe conflict, and
finaliyput to complete rout. The Indians dis-
persed in every direction, as their custom is, nor
have they since rallied or given much caiue for
uneasiness to the settlers. 1 send herewith the
report of this expedition, furnished by Colonel
Hays to the Governor of Utah, and by him sent
to this Department. Great credit is due to this
gallant officer and the men under his command
for this timely and efficient defense of the inhab-
itants of that remote portion of our territory. The
United States troops, after a very rapid and every
way creditable march, reached the neighborhood
of these transactions just in tune to engage in and
do good service in the action, and, by their pres-
ence afterwards, effectually to quell every symp-
tom of hostility among the Indians. The inter-
est and numbers of our citizens in that region were
deemed by the commanding officer of the depart-
ment of sufficient importance to require the estab-
lishment of a military post there, which has ac- j
cordingly beet) done 1
The Snake Indians in Washington Territory,
on the road recently opened from FortBridgcr to
Fort Walla-Walla, have been hostile during the
past season*, and although a campaign was under-
taken and prosecuted with vigor against them,
it did not result in reducing them to subordina-
tion. Since* the troops have been withdrawn
from active operations in the field, a large body
of emigrants were attacked, almost on the borders
of the settlements, and many of them murdered.
Efficient measures will be taken to chastise these
Indians.
It should be borne in mind that, while appro-
priations have been made to sustain our Army
upon a peace footing, it has been called upon to
prosecute an active and sanguinary war, for a
distance extending from the thirty-fifth to the
forty-sixth degree of north latitude, with very
numerous tribes of hardy and warlike Indians.
It should be remembered, also, that the scenes of
these operations have been over the wildest and
most remote regions of our mountainous territo-
ries lying between the plains on the eastern slope
of the Rocky Mountain chain and the Pacific
ocean. Under these circumstances ithas required
the greatest watchfulness and care to keep the
expenditures for the year within the appropria-
tions for it. A sum not less than half a million
dollars has been required for these movements,
the necessity fur which was notand could not be
foreseen in this Department.
indian bureau.
1 feel no hesitation now in bringing to the no-
tice of Congress the importance of restoring to the
War Department the superintendence and control
of the Indians. It is quite impossible to impress
upon these savages the idea of obedience by any
other means than military power. They respect
nothing but a strong military force, and its prox-
imity to them is therefore essential. Without that
sort of intimate knowledge of their temper and
disposition which nothing but command over
them could give, it is impossible for this Depart-
ment to know how and where to dispose of the
troops so as to secure qiuot and peace on the part
of the numerous tribes scattered over our immense
territory. Knowing nothing in this Department
of the Indians, exccpt when in a state of actual
hostility, it often, indeed continually, happens that
important marches are necessary to be suddenly
made tooveraweor chastise thoscguilty of threat-
enings and murder, and consequently these move-
ments are attended with an expense dispropor-
tionally large, but at the same time unavoidable.
It would be very easy to devise a plan of regu-
lating the Indian tribes, by which a large annual
sum of money could be saved to the Treasury,
by using the officers of the Army in discharging
many of the duties now performed by others at
high rates of compensation. For efficiency and
economy, there is no doubt, in my opinion, about
the propriety of putting the Indian bureau under
the charge of the War Department.
quartermaster's bureau.
I point with gteat satisfaction to the manner in
which the disbursements for the quartermaster's
bureau have been made within the period since
1 came into this Department. This bureau dis-
burses all the moneys for the transportation of
the Army—for their clothing, barracks, quarters,
and all other of the multitudinous outlays inci-
dent upon the occupation and maintenance of our
numerous military posts. Within the period
spoken of, more than twenty-four million dollars
($24,000,000) have been disbursed by about two
hunched and three officers and agents. These
! expenditures have been in strict conformity to law
! and the regulations of the Department; and all this
| large amount has been fully accounted for and
i settled, except about twenty-four thousand nine
hundred dollars, which has been suspended againsC
disbursing officers, probably the whole of which
will be credited them upon further explanations of
their payments. A stricter accountability or a
more faithful disbursement, it would be difficult
to secure.
march from st. louis to oregon river.
It was, in my judgment, a matter of the first
importance, in a nnhiary point of view, to ascer-
tain the practicability of moving bodies of men
from the thickly populated parts of the, Missis-
sippi valley to the Pacific coast within such a.
space of time as to make them available for ser-
vice there. I took active measures to have a road
constructed, with the appropriations for that pur-
pose, from Fort Walla-W'alla, on the Oregon
river, across the mountain ranges, to Fort Benton,
on the head of the Missouri river. At an early
period last season, the detachment of recruits,
amounting to three hundred men, embarked at
St. Louis, on the 3d of May, on two steamboats
of light draught, and with all the necessary ap-
pliances for such a march, set out on the journey.
The season was the least propitious of any for
some years, as the water was very low from fail-
ure of rains in the spring and of the usual quan-
tity of snow during the winter among the Rocky
Mountain range. But, notwithstanding this dis-
advantage, the expedition made good progress,
reached Fort Benton by the 2d day of July with-
out any material hinderance, and took up their
line of march for the Pacific. Transportation
had been provided for them, and although there
was some little delay in its reaching the command,
it caused no material detention and resulted in no
inconvenience. After a prosperous march of less
than sixty days from Fort Benton, the command
arrived in safety and good condition at Fort
Walla-Walla. ''.This march, covering a distance
of three thousand miles by water and six hundred
by land, has been made in the space of five
months, (during one of which the troops were
halted,) through an unknown and wilderness
country,with no great additional expense beyond
that of an ordinary march, and without any seri-
ous accident.
Although the movement was an experiment
alone, it has demonstrated the important fact that
this line of intercommunication can be made avail-
able for moving large bodies of men from the At-
lantic to the Pacific, and will constitute the means
by which we can defend our possessions in that
remote territory against any force that can be
brought against it. Indeed, we can concentrate
by this line, in the course of three, or at most four,
months, on the Pacific, a stronger force than could
be put there by any other PoVer m the space of
a year, or probably a much longer time.
This route, for military purposes, deserves the
fostering care of Congress; and with compara-
tively a small sum of money spent upon the re-
moval of obstacles from the Missouri river, and
some additional expenditurcon the road, this line
would constitute a most valuable improvement,
second only, and hardly second for military pur-
poses, to any of the projected lines of railroads to
the Pacific. It may be fairly doubted whether
any means of transportation whatever would be
capable of conveying a very large army, with its
baggage, artillery, horses, and munitions of war,
to the Pacific in so short a spacc of time and at
so small a cost as it might be done on this.
A considerable portion of this Missouri route,
from the headwaters of that river to the Oregon,
passes through a country capable of sustaining a
large population. It is mountainous, but the
climate is salubrious and the soil is well adapted
to grazing. There are good grounds to believe
that the mountain abounds in rich veins of pre-
cious metals.
The march of troops through this region keeps
in subordination the Indian tribes upon the route;
and this is a matter of great importance to the
northern settlements of Washington Territory,
now rapidly increasing, and where the Indians
are numerous, warlike, and powerful.
ordnance, arms, and equipments.
The accompanying report from the Colonel of
Ordnance is referred to for information in detail
respecting military supplies of this ftind, which
have been procured by fabrication and purchase,
and which have been furnished to the Army and
to the militia of the States. The experiments
for the improvement of these supplies, which
were stated to be in progress in my last report,
have been continued with valuable results—have
greatly improved, if they have not perfected, the
fabrication of sea-coast and garrison gun-carriages
of iron, the models and mode of casting of heavy
cannon, and the quality of metal for the same.
The same is true as to the manufacture of cannon
