1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
maintaining the integrity of the Constitution, and
preserving intact the limitations of the Govern-
ment. For that the South contends; and all are
alike concerned in the success of her cause.
If, after the endurance of so many wrongs, and
the menace of others still more intolerable, any-
thing were wanting to justify the South in the
public opinion of the world, it would be supplied
by.her solicitude to avoid violence, and redress
her grievances within the Union. We are re-
proached, I know, with precipitancy in not
awaiting an overt act of hostility from the sectional
Administration. Sir, in our judgment, a procla-
mation of war is an overt act; and such proclama-
tion we find in the election, by an exclusively
sectional vote, of a President pledged to put our
rights and our property " in course of ultimate
extinction"—a President who admonishes us in
advance of his aggressive designs by the senten-
tious but significant declaration, that " they who
deny freedom to others do not deserve it them-
selves, and, under a just God, cannot long retain
it." We could not agree to await inactively the
development of the disposition of the President
elect; for we claim to hold our rights by some
higher and more solid tenure than the capri-
cious temper of any individual. Indeed, the argu-
ment of our opponents involves a concession of
our case, inasmuch as it implies that the rights of
the South are no longer secured by constitutional
guarantees, but are suspended on the accident of
an unfriendly Administration.
A more imperative consideration still determ-
ined the South to act at once, and to act deci-
sively. If negotiation might avail, we thought to
strengthen negotiation by a demonsti-ation of our
spirit. If the sword alone can reclaim our rights,
we were resolved not to be unprepared for the
issue.
Mr. Speaker, since the fatal 6th of November
to the present hour, the Representatives of the
South have invariably exhibited an accommodat-
ing disposition. The first day of our session was
signalized by a proposition from a colleague of
my own, [Mr. Boteler,] which contemplated a
pacific adjustment of our difficulties. A similar
movement, likewise originating with a southern
man, was initiated in the Senate. Meanwhile
various schemes of settlement have been submit-
ted in one or the other House of Congress, of
which, without much regard to their intrinsic
efficacy, we have uniformly avowed our support;
while on the other side they have been as uni-
formly rejected with a contemptuous disdain of
compromise. Thus, while the South are willing
to remain in the Union with an assurance of then-
rights, the North declare, by a refusal of ail con-
cession, that they will destroy the Union rather
than renounce their aggressive designs. In the
perverted patriotism of the dominant party, the
Constitution of Washington is substituted by the
platform ofLincoln; and rather than be reproached
with iogical inconsistency, they choose to incur
.the guilt of civil \yar.
And nnt in the negative sense of rejected com-
promise only, do this party betray a purpose to
push the dispute to the arbitrament of the sword.
Instead of ajoroelamation of conservative policy
that should give assurance of peace to a distracted
country, their leader announces that his Adminis-
tration is to be directed by the counsels of the
championof the " irrepressible conflict." Instead
of the sense of justice and patriotic spirit which,
we were told, still animate the masses of the north-
ern people, northern Legislatures vote men and
munitions of war to chastise the resistance roused
by their own perfidious violations of a consti-
tutional covenant. And here, while with the
one hand Republican Representatives spurn ail
overtures of peace, with the other they grasp the
sword. No measure of conciliation will they pass;
their energies are engrossed in contriving schemcs
of coercion. Day after day developes the com-
pleteness of their system of force. _ Now it is a
bill denying South Carolina the facilities of postal
communication; anon a bill for the compulsory
collection of the revenue at Charleston. In the
South, frowning fortresses threaten the subjuga-
tion of sovereign States; m this District a hire-
ling soldiery are concentrated to impose an ob-
noxious ruler on an unwilling people. Auspicious
inauguration of a Republican President! Happy
presage of a liberal Administration ! If the con-
clusion be but consistent with this encouraging
commencement, no doubt the next four years will
reconcile the South to the rule of the dominant
party.
In aggravation of circumstances, themselves
sufficiently exasperating, the rumor, too mon-
strous for belief, that all these measures of coer-
cion against the South are stimulated and directed
by a son whom the South has delighted to honor,
in proportion even to his own conceit of his own
merit, imparts a tone of deeper indignation to the
murmurs of an outraged people.
Thus, Mr. Speaker, by a series of aggressigns,
of which I have attempted nothing more than an
imperfect sketch, the dominant party in the North
have effected that which the world in arms could
not have accomplished—the overthrow of this once
glorious Confederacy. And not content with an
achievement that will burden their memory
through all coming ages, they now propose to
consummate their work by afflicting the country
with the calamities of civil war.
Mr. Speaker, we of the South maintain that
among the fundamental and essential articles of
the Republican faith is the doctrine that the States,
having subscribed the constitutional compact on
their own independent volition and in the exer-
cise of an inherent sovereignty, have the right,
perfect and inviolable, to renounce the Union
whenever, in their judgment, the Constitution is
annulled and the Union abused to their oppres-
sion. Nay, in the very act of assent to the league
of confederation, Virginia and other States, by
express stipulation, reserved to themselves the
right to lesume their original sovereignty when-
ever, in their opinion, the conditions of alliance
might be violated. As we understand it, this is
an association of coequal sovereignties, held in
fraternal embrace by the sweet influences of re-
ciprocal confidence and regard; not a system of
reluctant and oppressive connection, bound to-
gether by the fetters of Federal force. Nor have
thp people of the South contemplated the right of
secession as a vain speculative proposition, but
have cherished it as an actual and inestimable
muniment of republican liberty. It is precisely
m this particular that the citizens of the United
States have the advantage of the people of all
other countries; in that, when the checks and bal-
ances of the central Government are overthrown,
there remains the rampart of State sovereignty,
behind which they may rally and maintain their
rights; and in the still more important particular,
that, through the instrumentality of secession,
they may recover their liberties by the organic
operation of the system, without recourse to the
dreadful extremity of revolution.
These principles, it appears by too many distress-
ing indications, are not prevalent in the councils
of the dominant party. Their cry is for coercion.
They ptesent the South 110 other alternative than
submission or subjugation. Sir, it is no easy
effort to debate an issue of this sort; and the im-
pulse of a gallant people is to answer menace by
defiance. But we owe it to the solemnity of the
occasion to repress every ebullition of resentment,
and to discuss even an offensive topic in a spirit
of moderation.
What, then, I would entreat of gentlemen on
the other side, do they propose by kindling the
flame of civil war? No matter what may be the
issue, liberty cannot survive the conflict. The
frail fabric of a system constructed for the abode
of peace, would perish under the shocks and con-
cussions of intestine strife. An armed encounter
between the States would be fatal to a Constitution
designed to hold them in amicableassociation; and
your Union would go down with the principle of
mutual affection on which it reposes. He must be
inattentive to the plainest lessons of history who
does not foresee that from a bloody struggle among
the States—bdiwni ptus-qaum civile—either anar-
chy would emerge to brood over the land with des-
olating presence, or else military violence would
assertits iron sway. What though the fortune of
war he propitious to your arms? You must be
content with nothing less than the annihilation of
the South; for while she breathes, the impulse of
honor will throb in her bosom, and urge her to
still further resistance. Recollect the story of
Ireland's wrongs and Ireland's emancipation.
The remorseless conqueror doomed her to deso-
lation; but fate reserved her as a dependent prov-
ince of the British Empire. How, as a thorn in
England's side, she avenged herself on the tyrant,
and at last extorted from his fears the recognition,
of her rights, your intelligence needs not to "he
instructed. And so would your difficulty be our
opportunity.
Imagine, then,foramoment,thecomplete'sub-
jugation of the South; after every spark of vitality
is extinguished, and her inanimate form lies pros-
trate before you, tell me, what recompense dp you
gain for all your sacrifices, or what consolation
111 the tormenting memory of your fratricidal deed?
But I dismiss the humiliating thought. No
matter what her inferiority of force, you cannot
subjugate the South. Smitten she may be, but
not subdued; defeated, but never dismayed. Al-
ready, by her determined and defiant attitude,
she gives you earnest of the spirit that will ani-
mate her sons in the hour of trial. From many
memorableexamplesofheroicresistance to wrong,
they derive the consolatory assurance that a brave
people battling for the right are invincible against
any odds. Nine million of freemen—and Jiecd
not, I admonish you, the treacherous suggestion
that the South will not oppose a united front to
the foe—nine million of freemen, of a race the
most encrgetic and indomitable recorded in his-
tory, glorying in traditions of ancestral prowess,
and attached to the cause of liberty with a chiv-
alric devotion—this people, themselves distin-
guished for valor and the genius of war, contend-
ing on their own soil for whatever imparts a
felicity to life—this people will laugh to scorn all
the imposing array of your military prepara-
tion.
Not for themselves, then, do they deprecate a
conflict of arms; but from respect to the memory
of our common ancestry; for tho sake of aland
to be torn by the cruel lacerations of the sword;
and in reverence of virtues a benign religion in-
structs them to adore. By the persuasion of these
pious and pathetic importunities we would soothe
in every breast the spirit of strife, and invoke the
pacific intervention of reason for the adjustment
of our disputes.
And what, I pray you, is the dictate of reason?
Not, surely, that a free people should be held in
subjection to a Government the.y detest; not that
the sword be employed to coerce sovereign States,
and constrain them to wear the yoke of an odious
and oppressive association; but rather that dis-
tinct communities bo permitted to follow the bent
of their peculiar nationality, and to realize the
destiny indicated by their own interests and their
own aspirations. You of the North hold m your
grasp the elements of a great empire—a teeming
population, immense resources, and a daring en-
ergy of genius which surmounts all obstacles, and
dazzles the world with its exploits. For our part,
in slight esteem as you affect to hold the South,
we are content with our portion. Whensoever
occasion shall require—and occasion does now
demand it—we are prepared to assert our equality
among the sovereigns of the earth, and to"make
good the claim against all comers.
Instead, then, of vainly essaying to counteract
the designs of nature, let us heed the voice of rea-
son; instead of lamenting tho rupture of an arti-
ficial tie, as involving the ruin of all our hopes,
let us lean on the wisdom of Providence, persuaded
that as He has already distinguished tho epoch of
revolution as the most glorious in the annals of
America, He intends still further to advance the
cause of freedom and civilization by means of
another dissevered nationality.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate by
Mr. Hickey, its Chief Clerk, notifying the House
that the Senate had passed, with an amendment,
a joint resolution (H. R. No. 39) directing tho
accounting officers of the Treasury to settle the
accounts of the late Robert Stockton, quarter-
master, &c; and an act (S. No. 125) for the relief
of John Peebles; in which act and amendment he
was directed to ask the concurrence of the House.
ADMISSION 01? KAXSAS.
Mr. CURTIS obtained the floor.
Mr. GROW. Will the gentleman yield me
the floor to move to take up the Kansas bill? •
Mr. CURTIS. I yield foi that purpose.
Mr. BURNETT. I object to the gentleman
yielding the floor for any such purpose. It can
only be done by unanimous consent.
Mr. GROW. I only ask the gentleman to yield
