604
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 28,
jne the floor that I may move to postpone this
debate for a short time, in order to have the Kan-
sas bill taken up, and the Senate amendment con-
curred m.
Mr. BURNETT. I submit that the gentleman
from Iowa cannot yield the floor for any purpose,
except by unanimous consent of the House.
The SPEA.IiEIt-pto"1empo)-e, (Mr. Kellogg,
of Illinois, in the chair.) The Chair understands
that to be the rule.
Mr. BURNETT. Then I object.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Nevertheless,
the gentleman from Iowa can yield the floor if he
desires.
Mr. CURTIS. I gave way for the purpose of
facilitating the business of the House.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. If the gentleman
from Iowa yields the floor, he must do so with-
out the right to resume it.
Mr. GROW. Certainly; but courtesy will give
it to him again. I now move to postpone the
special order, in order to take up the Kansas bill
from, the Speaker's table, and have the Senate
amendment concurred in. I call the previous
question on the motion to postpone.
Mr. MAYNARD. Is the motion to postpone
in order?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair un-
derstands that it is.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. BURNETT. I ask for the yeas and nays
on the motion to postpone. 1 think we ought to
dispose of this subject while we have it under
consideration.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The motion to postpone was agreed to.
Mr GROW. 1 now move to suspend the rules,
in order to take up the Kansas bill. My colleague
[Mr. Florence] has a motion to suspend the rules
pending; and if he withdraws it, my motion will
be in order.
Mr. FLORENCE. My colleague asks me to
withdraw the motion made by me lo suspend the
rules. Until it bo withdrawn, my colleague can-
not, I apprehend, make the motion. Now, 1 have
no objection to withdraw my motion to suspend
the rules. I submitted that motion two weeks
ago, in order that the House might consider the
Crittenden proposition, which I believe to be a
measure of peace, and for the adoption of which
the country is asking.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. What is the
question before the House ?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. On suspending
the rules. Debate is not in order.
Mr. FLORENCE. I withdraw my motion, as
I have no opportunity of getting a vote on that
proposition. I do so in order to permit my col-
league to go on with business, and trusting to a
future opportunity of getting a vote on it.
Mr. Q.17ARLES called for the yeas and nays
on the motion to suspend the rules.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
■ The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 119, nays 41; as follows:
YKA!S—Mcssis. Charles F. Adimi-s Adi.un. Aldt iHi,
Alley, Af>hli;y, Babbitt, Iti'alo, itingham, liliiir, 11 Inkc.
Brings, [in(linton, Hindi. Jiurlinsamo, Uuinliani, liutter-
fieltl, Campbell, Carey, Case, Horace Claik, Cointrti,
Jollll Cochrane, Colfax, Conklmg, Covodc, Cox, Curtis,
H. Wniior Ilavi-, Jnlm G. Davis, 3)a\ve>, Ijeiano, Dueil.
Edgertoil, Eliot, En^iisll, Etllmidge, t'ain-u'ortll, Fcntoli,
Florence, Foster, Frank, French", Gooeh, Giow, Giuley,
Ilalo, J. Momson Uarns, II.T'kiu. Hickman, Hoard, Wil-
liam Howard, William A. Howard, Uumpluey, Hutciiins,
Irvine, Junkin, Francis W. Kellogg, William Kellogg, Ken-
yon, KlUinger, Lee, Logan, ljongnecker, Loomis, Love joy,
Marston, Charles D Martin, McKean, MeKenty, Me-
Knight, McPherson, Montgomery, Moorhend, Morrill. Ed-
ward Joy Morris, Haae 1\. Morris, Morse, Niblack, Nixon,
Olin, Palmer, Pendleton, Perry, Poiter, Pottei, John II.
Reynolds, Rice, Rigss, James C. liobinson, Itovce, Bcran-
ton, Sedgwick, Sherman, Some?, Spaulding, Spinner,
Stanton, Stevens, William Stewart, Stratton, Tappan,
rliayer, Theaker, Tompkins, Train, Vallandiodinm, Van-
dever, Van Wyck, Wade, Waldron, Walton, (Jatlwalader
C. Washburn, Elhhu li. Washburne, Webster, Wilson,
Windom, and Wood—119.
NAYB-Mews. Green Adams, Thomas L. Anderson,
William C Anderson, Avery, Bocock, Botelei, Brabson,
J ranch, Bristow, Brown, Burnett, John B. Clark, Buitoti
Crnjge, T)e Jamette, Oamett, Jolm T. Harris Hatton,
Huihes, Jenkins, Kunkel. James M. Loach, Leake, Ma-
clav, Maliory, Maynard, Milison, Labati T. Moore. Nelson,
NOvll, Peyton, Quarter, Sickles, Simms, William N*. II.
Smitu, Stevenson, Stokes, Thomas, Vanee, Whitelev,
Wmslow, ami Wiight—41.
So (two thirds voting in favor thereof) the rules
were suspended; and the House proceeded to the
consideration of the Senate amendment to the bill
for the admission of Kansas into the Union.
During the vote,
Mr. ENGLISH said: As the late census shows
that there is the requisite population in Kansas to
entitle her to admission under the Kansas confer-
ence bill, I see no reason why she should not now
be admitted as a State; and therefore vote "ay.'*
Mr. WOODRUFF stated that his colleague,
Mr. Ferry, had gone home on account of sick-
ness in his family.
Mr. McKNIGHT stated that his colleague,
Mf. Hall, had been called home, and had paired
with Mr. Hindman.
Mr. HUMPHREY stated that his colleague,
Mr. Carter, was still detained at home on ac-
count of the death of a member of his family.
Mr. MAYNARD (when his name was called)
said: As this bill, in my opinion, impairs directly
the rights ofccrtain Indian tribes, I vote "no."
Mr. SMITH, of North Carolina, (when his
name was calicd,) said: As I understand that Kan-
sas has a sufficient population, under the appor-
tionment of 1850, to entitle her to a Represent-
ative nn this floor, but will not have under the
apportionment of 1860, for this, among other rea-
sons, I vote C{ no."
Mr. McCLERNAND stated that he had paired
with Mr. Pryor.
Mr. MOORHEAD stated that his colleague,
Mr. Millward, was paired with Mr. Clemens.
Mr. MARTIN, of Virginia, asked leave to
vote.
Objection was made.
Mr. MARTIN, of Virginia, stated that he
would have voted in the negative.
The vote was announced as above recorded.
_ Mr. GROW. I do not propose to debate this
bill at all. It is now five years almost since a
bill first passed for the admission of Kansas into
the Union. 1 only wish to express my dissent
to this system of attaching independent legisla-
tion to bills for the admission of Slates into the
Union; but. under the circumstances of this bill,
I move to concur in the amendment of the Sen-
ate, and demand the previous question upon it.
The previous question was seconded, and the
mam question ordered to be put.
The amendment of the Senate was read, and is
as follows:
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That from and after
the admission of the'State of Kansas, as hereinbefore jno-
vided, all the laws of the United State*, which are not lo-
cally inapplicable, shall have the same lorec and effect
within that State as in other States of the Union ; and the
State is hereby coiMituted a judicial district of the United
State*, withm which a distiiet eomt, with the like powers
and juriMliction as the district court of the United States
for tiio district of Minnesota, shall he established: the judge,
attorney, and marshal of the United States for the said dis-
trict ot Kansas shall reside within the same, and shall be
entitled to the same compensation as .the judge, attorney,
and marshal of the di^ti let of Minnesota; a\ul in all ca<es
o! appeal oi writ of error heretoloic prosecuted' and now
pendiiiir m the Supremo Court of the United States, upon
any iceoid from tlx; &u pi cine com t oi Knnsos Tei ritoiy, the
mandate of execution or ord<M of furthei proceedings shall
he directed by the Snpieme Couit of the United States to
the district couitof the United States for the district ot
Kausa^, or to the supreme eouit of the State of Kan&as, as
the natuio ol'biidi appeal r  writ of enoi mayiequire; and
each of those couits shall be the successor of the supieme
court of Kansas Tciritory, as to all such case?., with full
powei to hear and deteimine the .same, and toawaid mesne
or final ptneess theiciii.
Sec. 5. Jlrul he it further enacted, That the judge of the
district court foi the district of Kansas shall hold two reg-
ular terms of the said court annually, at the seat of gov-
ernment of the said State, to commence on the second Mon-
day of and in each year.
The amendment was concurred in.
Mr. OrKOW moved to reconsider the vote by
which the amendment was concurred in; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
DISTURBED STATE OF THE COUNTRY.
The SPEAKER pro tempore announced that the
special order, the report of the special committee
of thirty-three, again came up for consideration.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania, obtained the
floor.
Mr. HOWARD, of Michi gan, I ask the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania to give way to enable
me to submit a motion that the special order be
postponed until to-morrow after the morning
hour.
Mr. BURNETT. I rise to a question of order.
I object to the gentleman from Pennsylvania yield-
ing the floor, except upon the same conditions
that were imposed upon the gentleman from Iowa,
[Mr. Curtis.]
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair will
not reverse the rule in this case.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I have un-
derstood that the chairmen of one or two com-
mittees have reports which they think it is im-
portant they sh ould make to-day. I am not willing
that the little speech I propose to make should
interfere with the transaction of necessary busi-
ness; and therefoi^, if it be the pleasure of the
House to postpone the special order, I shall not
object.
Mr. HOWARD, of Michigan. I now move to
postpone the special order until to-morrow after
the morning hour.
Mr. BURNETT. Now, Mr. Speaker 
Mr. HOWARD, of Michigan. I have not
yielded the floor.
Mr. BURNETT. The gentleman made his
motion and relinquished the floor.
Mr. HOWARD, of Michigan. No, sir; lam
rather slow, but I will finish my motions if gen-
tlemen will give me time. I demand the previous
question upon the motion I have submitted.
Mr. BURNETT. I ask the yeas and nays
upon that motion. I hope our friends will insist
upon enforcing the spccial order until it has been
disposed of.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope the
gentleman from Michigan will state his reason for
moving to postpone the special order.
Mr. HOWARD, of Michigan. The special
committee of five wishes to report back the Pres-
ident's message.
Mr. MAYNARD. I ask the gentleman from
Michigan to modify his motion, so as to postpone
.the special order until after the special committee
has made its leport.
Mr. HOWARD, of Michigan. Wewillreport
to-day, I suppose, if I can get the floor.
Mr. MAYNARD. And then I propose to go
on with thjt special order. I see no reason for
postponinefit until to-morrow.
Mr. HOWARD, of Michigan. I prefer to hold
on to my motion.
The previous question was seconded; and the
main question was ordered.
, The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken on Mr. Howard's
motion; and it.*was decided in the affirmative—
yeas 112, nays 53; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs Charles P. Adamc, Green Adams, Ad-
rain, Aiduch, Alley, William C. Ander-on, Ashley, Bab-
hut, Bcale, Bingham, Ulan, Blake, Bnivton, Brings, ButFm-
ton, Burlincamc, Burnham, Butterfield, Campbell, Caiey,
Case, Coburn, John Cochiane, Colfax, Conkhng, Covode,
Curtis, II. Winter Davis, Dawes, Duell, Edgerton, Eliot,
Farnsworth, Fentun, Fos'tei, Fiank, Fiench, Gooch, Grow,
Gurley, Hale, Haskin. Hickman, Hoard, William Howaid,
William A. Howard, Humphrey, Hutchins, livine, Junkin,
Fianeis W. Kellogg, William Kellogg, Kcnyon, lullmger,
DeWitt C. Leach, Lee, Longnecker, Loomis, Lovejoy,
Marston, McClernand, McKcan, MeKenty, McKmght,
McPherson, Moorhead, Morrill, Edward Joy Morris, Morse,
IVixoti, Noell, Olhi, Pawner, Periy, Portei, Potter, Pottle,
Edwin R. Reynolds, John II. Reynolds, Rice, Riggs Chris-
topher Robinson, Roycc, Scranton, Sedgwick, Sherman.
Somes, Spaulding, Spinner, Stanton, Stevens, William
Stewau, fckiatton, Tappan, Thayer, Theakcr, Tompkins,
Train, Tiimble, Vandcvet, Van Wyck. V^ade, Waldron,
Walton, Cadwalader (J. Washburn, Elhhu ft. Washburne,
Wells, Wilson, Wmdotn, Wood, and Wood> uff— 112.
IVAYS—Messrs.Aveiy,Barret,Bocock,Brabson, Branch,
jBiistow, Brown, Burch, Burnett, Hoiacc F. Ciaik, Cox,
James Craig, John G.Davis, De Jarnettc, English, Eth-
endge, Florence, Fouke, Gainett, Gilmo, John T. Harris,
IJatton, Ilohnan, Hughes, Jenkins, Kunkel, James M.
Leach, Leake, Logan, Maclay, Elbeit S. Martin, Maynard,
Milison, Montgomeiy, Laban T. Moore, Isaac N. Mortis,
Niblack, Pendleton, Peyton, Pryor, Cluatles, James C.
Robinson, Simms,William NJ1. Smith, Stevenson, Stokes,
Thomas, Valiandtgiiam, Vance, Webster, Whitelev, Wins-
low, and Wiight—53.
So the special order was postponed.
PRIVILEGE TO SELECT COMMITTEE.
Mr. HOWARD, of Michigan. I ask the
consent of the House to offer the following res-
olution:
Pusohcd, That the special committee of five, to whom
was leterred the menage of tne Piesident of the 9th in-
stant, have leave to sit dining the sessions of the House,
and to report from time to time, as the importance of busi-
ness in their hands may requite.
Mr. WINSLOW. I object.
Mr. HOWARD, of Michigan. I move to
suspend the rules.
Mr. WINSLOW. I call for the yeas and nays
on that motion.
