20
APPENDIX TO THE CONG-SESSIONAL GLOBE.
[December 1,
36th Cong..:.2d Sess.
Report of the Secretary of the Navy.
Senate & Ho. of Keps.
The circumstances under which he advanced the
money wiil fully appear from papers herewith
transmitted.
accounting officer.
I call attention particularly to the importance
of having the accounting officer for the war De-
partment directly under the control of the Depart-
ment itself. It is quite inconvenient and trouble-
some to have the accounting officer, whose busi-
ness is so intimately and constantly connected
with the War Department, detached from it en-
tirely, and subject to the orders and direction of
another Department almost exclusively. The
War Department should settle and adjust its own
accounts fully and entirely; and itis enough that
the result of such settlement should be sen t to the
Treasury.
I will, only in general terms, allude to the
recommendations which I have heretofore laid
before Congress. Many of them are essential for
the good of the service, in my judgment. Some
of them would contribute materially towards re-
d ucing the expenses of the Army, if adopted; but,
as the importance of these measures seems not to
have attracted the attention of the Legislature, I
do not deem it respectful to them or proper for
me to reiterate those recommendations.
Very respectfully, your obedient se#ant,
JOHN B. FLOYD,
To the President. Secretary of War.
Report of the Secretary of the Navy.
Navy Department, December 1, 1860.
Sir: In pursuance of the provision contained
in the naval appropriation act of June 92, 18G0,
I appointed a board of officers, consisting of Com-
modore George W. Storer, Commodore S. H.
Stringham, John Lcntlmll, Naval Constructor
and Chief of the Bureau of Construction, &c.,
Samuel Archbold,engincer-in-chief, B. P. Isher-
wood, chief engineer, and B. F. Delano, naval
constructor, to examine the sailing ships of the
Navy, in order to determine the expediency of
convertmgthem into efficient war steamers. They
proceeded to the navy-yards at Kittery, Charles-
town, Brooklyn, Philadelphia, and Gosport, and
examined the brig Perry, the sloops-of-war Dale,
Preble, Vinccnncs, Vundalia, Jamestown, Sara-
toga, Germantown, Plymouth, Cumberland, and
Macedonian; the frigates Santee, Brandywine,
Potomac, St. Lawrence, Columbia, Itaritan, and
United States; and the linc-of-battlc ships Ala-
bama, Virginia, Vermont, Ohio, North Carolina,
New York, Columbus, Pennsylvania, and Del-
aware. The brigs, sloops, and frigates then at
sea have not been inspected by them; but as
they found by the records of the Department
that, in form, dimensions, age, and condition,
theae were similar to those they had examined,
they included all in the same opinion. There-
suit of their report is that it is not expedient to
introduce steam power into the brigs,sloops,and
frigates, but that it is expedient to introduce it
into these ships-of-the-line, except the Delaware,
now too defective to permit it, and by razeeing
them, to convert them into first-class steam frig-
ates. While the present steam frigates of the
Minnesota class, carrying mixed batteries of
eight and nine-inch guns, forty in number, cost,
oil an average, $725,000 each, the cost of con-
verting those"eight liue-of-hattle ships into steam
frigates of the same class, would average but
$3ci3,000; and when thus converted, they would,
m the opinion of the board, be efficient steam
ships of war of full steam power.
Their report is herewith submitted; and 1 con-
cur in the measure which they propose, as in the
event of war no one of these line-of-battle ships,
in the present state of steam navigation, could go
to sea with a reasonable degree of safety.
Of the sailing frigates, the United States is not
worth repairing; the Constitution has been thor-
oughly repaired, and would last many years at
the Naval Academy, where she is now stationed;
the Sabine and Santee are comparatively new,
and can be used as frigates; the remaining six,
as they shall require repairs, should be converted
into sloops-of-war, and finally into store ships,
and as such would be useful for stores and for
protection in various foreign ports.
The sloops-of-war built prior to 1840, and the
brigs Bainbridge, Perry, and Dolphin, require
such an expenditure to keep them fit for service
that it will soon be advantageous to replace them
with new vessels. They are not large enough
for store ships.
The seven steam frigates, with the exception
of the Franklin, are now afloat, and are receiv-
ing repairs that will fit them for any service. No
steam machinery has been built for the Franklin;
and the engines of the Merrimac should be re-
newed.
Of the six new steam sloops-of-war of the first
class, five are at sea, and their performance has
been satisfactory; the other, the Pensacola, will
soon be completed.
Of the side-wheel steamers of the first class,
the Susquehanna, Saranac, and Powhatan, can,
by introducing screw propulsion, be made efficient
and economical war steamers; the other, the Mis-
sissippi , will be worth no more repairs than she
is now receiving. •*
Of the new steam sloops-of-war of the second
class, four, mounting each two eleven-inch guns,
have been eminently successful; two of the others,
mounting each one eleven-inch gun, are of less
draught,and their performance at sea has not been
equal to that of the larger vessels. Another-of
these smaller steamers, mounting eight nine-inch
o-uns, is expected in pott and will be prepared for
a more perfect trial. The Pocahontas has been
remodeled and provided with a new engine, and
is an efficient vessel.
The five screw steamers of the tlnrd class, re-
cently chartered and then purchased, are perform-
ing very efficient service on the coast of Africa
and Cuba, and are in every respect useful vessels.
At the end of their present cruises they will re-
quire some repairs, and probably new boilers.
. The five side-wheel steamers ot the small class
are useful and efficient in peace and as dispatch
vessels in war; but no side-wheel steamer can be
efficient as a war steamer.
increase of the navy.
While it is the dictate of sound policy to in-
ciease the efficiency of our present ships of war,
it is equally so to mcrcase their numbiT.
The Constitution of the United States confers
on Congress the power to maintain a navy, and
prohibits the States from exercising any such
power. No State, under the Constitution, has
the right or the power to protect its citizens or its
commerce on the occan or in foreign countries,
having parted with both by transferring them to
the Federal Government, in trust for the common
benefit. That we must have a Navy for protec-
tion and defense; that we must have the means
of continuing it in existence, and of employing
it; that the duty of providing both has been de-
volved on the Federal Government', are self-evi-
dent propositions. This transfer of power to
Congress on one hand, and total abnegation of it
by the States on the other, creates the strongest
possible political and moral obligation on the part
of this Government to provide and maintain a
naval force adequate to our protection. While
we have a population of thirty millions of souls,
a sea-coast of vast extent on the Atlantic and Pa-
cific oceans, a navigating interest of five million
tons, an annual export and import trade of six or
seven hundred million dollars, and a home trade
not less valuable, it would be strange and unac-
countable ill anyone to suppose thatthe Federal
Government, in providing and maintaining its
present Navy, has discharged its constitutional
obligation. The constant appeal of American cit-
izens, coming to us from all quarters of the world,
asking for security and protection beyond what
the Government, with its present means, can
afford them, speaks a language to which we are
not at liberty to turn a deaf car. To be able at
any time, at short notice, to throw a powerful
naval force upon any given point where our inter-
ests arc threatened, or the lives of American citi-
zens are in jeopardy, is not only a constitutional
duty, but one of the safest, most beneficent, and
salutary powers that can be intrusted to official
hands under a republican form of government;
and 1 cannot permit the present occasion to pass
without most earnestly recommending the policy
of a gradual, substantial and permanent increase
of the Navy, accompanied by the universal intro-
duction into it of the motive power of steam.
Such policy is essential to the protection of our
coasts and commerce, and of American citizens
and their property on the ocean and in distant
countries; to the preservation of peace, the effi-
ciency of negotiation, the general advancement of
Ojjjr commercial interests, the maintenance of our
appropriate position among nations, and the
promptvindication of our rights and of the honor
of the country, and should be subject to none of
the ordinary vacillations arising from the varied
success of political parties.
policy of suspending repairs.
The policy which has been pursued by Con-
gress since the commercial revulsion of 1857, of
curtailing appropriations for naval repairs, and
suspending improvements in the navy-yards, can
be vindicated only as a temporary modification
of our general policy, to be continued no longer
than the present depletion of the Treasury shall
continue. If Congress could by law arrest the
march of intellect on one hand, and the process
of decay on the other, it mightdo betterforGov-
ernment to stand still. But at a time of incessant
activity beyond all past ages, the nation which
should pursue this stand-still policy <vould soon
find itself unfortunately in the lurch—far, far be-
hind all others. It is impossible to maintain the
position of security and respect we now have
among the Powers of the world, if we permit
that great arm of defense, by which principally
our power would be felt, to fall into neglect and
decay
navy-yards.
A naval force cannot be maintained without
navy-yards and docks. These are necessary ap-
pendages of the Navy. They are indispensable
instrumentalities and means to be used in its con-
struction and preservation, and in all the opera-
tions connected with its employment. Any such
project as that of abolishing the navy-yards could
not be cnteitained by any one who did notat the
same time entertain the insane project of abolish-
ing the Navy; and, if they are to be maintained,
they should, as a matter of course, be kept in a
state of practical efficiency for the purposes for
which they exist. There is no tenable middle
position between the maintenance of the navy-
yards in the best and most efficient condition to
accomplish the objects for which they were es-
tablished and the absolute abandonment of the
Navy itself. I have theiefore presented an esti-
mate made by the chief of the Bureau of Yards
and Docks, and to be found in his accompanying
report, of the expenditure which will bo neces-
sary to carryforward improvements in the navy-
yards, provided Congress shall deem it expedient
to resume its former policy, and to prosecute it
during the next fiscal year.
With a view to insure the greatest practical ef-
ficiency by removing and excluding abuses, and
obtainingforexpenditureafull cquivalentin labor,
the navy-yards have recently been placed under
a uniform system of organization, applied equally
to all of them, which seems to be well calculated
to secure these objects. They are commanded
each by a captain of the Navy, who has authority
in the yard analogous to that of a commander of a
shipatsea. He is responsible that every man shall
do his duty. He has the power to dismiss any
one for neglect or misconduct, cxce_pt naval offi-
cers and master workmen, whom, in such case,
it is his duty to report to the Department. In
order to secure capable master workmen, they are
required to be examined by a board of naval offi-
cers, who mustreportthem fully qualified for their
duties before they can receive their appointments.
They are immediately responsible for the work-
men employed under them, and therefore they
have the selection of them, subject to the approval
of the commandant; and it is his duty at all times
to limit the number to the necessities of the ser-
vice. The duties of every officer in the yard are
specifically defined by regulation. Ithas been the
object of the Department to improve and elevate
the condition of the master mechanics and other
civilians, and to increase their responsibility. Un-
der this system it is impossible that abuses should
exist without involving the commandant and the
corps of naval officers under his command. Even
