I860.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
21
36th Cong....2d Sess.
Report of the Secretary of the Navy.
Senate & Ho. of Reps.
if it should happen,as may sometimes be the case,
that a few men of the laboring classes in public
employment, earning a subsistence by the sweat
of the brow, should receive somewhat more than
an equivalent for the labor of their hands, it would
not by any meansbe the greatest evil that happens
under Government, nor be a sufficient reason
for abandoning convenient and necessary public
works. All history shows that the class of work-
ing men do not usually receive too high a reward
for their labor; and if Government never suffers
pecuniarily except by them, the extent of the in-
jury will not be alarming.
NAVAL ACADEMY.
TheNaval Academy, under the superintendence
of Captain George S. Blake, is in admirable con-
dition. Twenty-five acting midshipmen gradua-
ted in June; one hundred and thirty-live candi-
dates were permitted to be examined for admission;
thirty-six failed to present themselves or were
found disqualified, and ninety-nine were examined
and admitted.
The measure adopted a year ago of placing the
fourth class on board the sloop-of-war Plymouth,
attached to the acadcmy, has proved entirely
successful. I have caused the frigate Constitution
to be substituted for the Plymouth, and to be
anchored in the harbor of Annapolis for the ac-
commodation of the fourth class. The historic
recollections associated with this ship will exert
a salutary influence on the minds of youth devot-
ing themselves to the naval service. It accom-
modates all the sections of the fourth class with
study and recitation rooms, and the officers and
acting midshipmen and the crew of the ship with
sleeping and mess apartments.
A board of officers, consisting of Commodore
E. A. F. Lavallette, Captain William M. Glendy,
Captain Cadwalador Ringgold, Commander Ci-
cero Price, and Commander William Ilogprs Tay-
lor, was appointed m May last, to witness the
examinations of the classes of acting midship-
men, and to inquire into the state of the police,
discipline, and general management of the acad-
emy. They have made a favorable report on all
the subjects submitted to them. On their arrival
at Annapolis, the fourth class had already been
examined, to hasten their departure m the prac-
tice-ship. The first, second, and third classes,
were examined in the presence of the board, and
made a most gratifying exhibition of their ac-
quirements in the academic studies, and in the
practical exercises of gunnery, field artillery, in-
fantry tactics, and broad and small swords. The
board observed with pleasure the progressive ad-
vancement in professional acquirements from the
lower to the higher classes; and particularly the
proficiency of th'> graduating class, which has left
the institution with aground-work of professional
education promisinggreat future usefulness to the
Navy and to the country. The police and dis-
cipline of the institution have been most carefully
preserved. Its records show a gradual diminu-
tion of the number found deficient at the examin-
ations since 1855. In that year, those found de-
ficient were twenty-three per cent, of the whole
number; in J856, nineteen and a half percent.;
in 1857, eighteen and a half per cent.; in 1858,
fifteen and a half per cent.; m 1859, fourteen and
a half per cent.; and for the first half of 18G0, ten
per cent. The grounds, public buildings, and
apparatus, Are in excellent order, with the excep-
tion of the wooden structure covering the gun bat-
tery and magazine, which is insecure, and should
be renewed. The plan of keeping a ship perma-
nently attached to the academy as a home for the
fourth class, is highly approved as a valuable ad-
dition to the means of instruction as well as ac-
commodation. The board of officers record their
high appreciation of the services of the superin-
tendent and his associates, and say that the insti-
tution has prospered in their hands, and provides
for the Navy a high standard of general and pro-
fessional knowledge. I concur in these views.
The practice-ship Plymouth, Commander
Thomas T. Craven, left Norfolk, June 27, with
one hundred and seventeen acting midshipmen
on board, to make her annual cruise. She visited
tin; ports of Fayal, Cadiz, Funchal, in Madeira,
and Santa Cru7, m Ten«ji iff:, returned to Hamp-
ton Roads on the 3d of September, and spent the
remainder of that month in various maneuvers
for instruction in Chesapeake bay.
Commander Craven commends the proficiency
of the first class in navigation and seamanship.
This class navigated the ship from Tencriffe to
Hampton Roads, performing with accuracy the
duties of watch officers. Theii observations for
ascertaining the position of the ship were so re-
liable that Commander Craven felt perfect confi-
dence in the correctness of their work. He per-
ceived a very great improvement in^fhe third
class of this year over that of the former year,
arising from their having been during the last
academic year so thoroughly drilled on board the
school-ship. Hesays: 4 * The very great advant-
ages obtained by the junior or third Class over the
first class in practical seamanship, and their very
superior efficiency and usefulness when prompt
assistance was required in the management of the
yards, sails, &c., exhibited itself in a remarkable
degree.'*
AFRICAN SLAVE TRADE.
During the past year the suppression of the
African slave trade has received attention, and
the work has been prosecuted with vigor. The-
following vessels engaged in the traffic have been
captured and sent in for adjudication, namely:
the brig Delicto,, captured December 21, 1859, by
the sloop-of-war Constellation, Captain John S.
Nicholas, off Kabenda, on the coast of Africa,
and sent into Charleston; brigantine Virginian,
captured in Congo river, February 6, 1860, by
the sloop-of-war Portsmouth, Commander John
Colhoun, and sent into Norfolk; bark Wildfire,
captured m the old Bahama channel, April 26,
18(50, by the United States steamer Mohawk,
Lieuteuant-Commanding T. A. M. Craven, and
sent into Key West, with her cargo of five hun-
dred and thirty African^ of whom five hundred
and seven were delivered to the marshal; brig
Falmouth, captured off Porto Praya, May 6,1860,
by the sloop-of-wnr Portsmouth, Commander
John Colhoun, and sent into New York; bark
William, captured off the coast of Cuba, May 9,
1860, by the United States steamer Wyandotte,
Lieutenant-Commanding Fabius Stanly, and sent
into Key West, with her cargo of five hundred
and seventy Africans, of whom five hundred and
thirteen were delivered to the marshal; the Bo-
gota, captured off the coast of Cuba, May 23,
1860, by the United States steamer Crusader,
Lieutenant-Commanding John N. Maffitt, and
sent into Key West, with her cargo of five hun-
dred Africans, of whom four hundred and eleven
were delivered to the marshal; brig Thomas Jlchom,
captured June 29, 3860, by the United States
steamer Mystic, Lieutenant-Commanding Wil-
liam E. Le Roy, at Ivabenda, on the coast of Af-
rica, and sent into New York; biig Triton, cap-
tured July 16,1860, by the United Slates steamer
Mystic, Lieutenant-Commanding William F. Le
Roy, on the west coast of Africa, and sent into
Norfolk; the William R. Iubby, captured July 23,
1860, by the United States steamer Crusader,
Lieutenant-Commanding John N. Maffitt, off the
coast of Cuba, and sent into New York, with
three African boys on board; ship Eric, captured
August 8, 1860, by the steam sloop-of-war Mo-
hican, Commander Sylvanus W. Godon, off
Congo liver, and sent into New York, after hav-
ing proceeded to Monrovia with her cargo of eight
hundred and ninety-seven Africans, and delivered
the survivors, eight hundred and sixty-seven in
number, into the hands of the United States agent
at that place; brig Slorm King, captured August
8, 1860, by the United States steamer San Jacinto,
Captain T. A. Dornin, ofi' the Congo river, and
sent rnto Norfolk', havingfirstproceeded to Mon-
10 via Willi six bundled and nineteen captured Afri-
cans on board, and delivered six hundred and
sixteen, who survived, to the United States agent
at that place; and a brig of unknoivn name, cap-
tured August 14, I860, by the United States
steamer Crusader, Lieutenant-Commanding John
N. Maffitt, oil the coast of Cuba, and sent into
Key West. Of these, seven slavers, having on
board sixteen hundred and three Africans, were
captured by the purchased steamers chartered for
the Paraguay expedition. The whole number of
vessels captured during the past year, is twelve;
the whole number of Africans rescued is three
thousand one hundred and nineteen.
While the Government has been thus active in
its endeavors to suppress the African coast sl^sre
trade, and in the last three years has been suc-
cessful in capturing more slavers than at any
former period, yet it is obvious that it can be
broken up in two modes only. Cuba is now the
only mart in the world open to this trade. If
Great Britain should enforce the provision in her
treaty with Spain, of September 23, 18X7, by
which, for the consideration of $2*000,000 paid
her by Great Britain, Spain stipulated to abolish
the slave trade between Africa and Cuba, it would
be effectually suppressed. If Cuba were to pass
under the Constitution of the United States by
annexation, the trade would then also be effectu-
ally suppressed; and in either case, both the Uni-
ted States and Great Britain would be spared the
large expenditure of treasure and life to which
they are now subjected to maintain their present
squadrons on the coast of Africa.
PATENTED ARTICLES.
The provision in the act of Congress of June
23,1860, which prohibits the purchase of pat-
ented articles for the use of the Army and Navy,
will be found injurious to the latter service.
Since the introduction of steam to propel ships
of war, a great variety of patented articles have,
in the construction and repair of a steamship,
become a daily use, and in many cases of indis-
pensable necessity. Patented boilers, surface con-
densers, friction thrusts, governors or speed reg-
ulators, steam pumps, capstans, air-ports, boat
detachers, galleys, or cooking stoves, ventilators,
steering apparatus, lanterns, logs and leads, vul-
canized rubber, saUnometers, counters, hydraulic
jacks, water-gauges, and many tools for manu-
facturing machinery, and driving and drawing
bolts, are of this description. And what is true
of the steam machinery is also in some measure
true of the armament. A war steamer built now
according to the fashion of the past, excluding all
modern patented improvements, would be an an-
tiquated object, far behind the present age, and as
inefficient as it would be antiquated. The best
modern patented improved boiler will make a
saving of eighteen per cent, of steam. To dis-
pense with all patented surface-condensers would
be wanton extravagance. To arm a ship-of-war
without a modern patented invention would give
great advantage to the enemy. To prohibit the
sailor the use of his seamless peajacket and cap
would be to deprive him of the comfort of some
of his light, warm, most durable, and cheap and
nearly water-proof clothing. To withhold from
him the use of American patented dcsiccated vege-
tables would take from him a portion of his most
nutritious and acceptable food. It is impossible
to build, equip, arm, and provide a steamship of
war having anything like usual modern efficiency,
without trespassing on all sides upon modern pat-
ented improvements. Something also is due to
the inventive genius of our countrymen. It is
within the memory of the living when the great
inventions and discoveries which have almost
revolutionized the woild were unknown.
SUPPLIES FOR THE NAVY.
The act of Congress of March 3,1847, (Statutes
at Large, vol, 9, page 172, section 2,) exempted
butter and cheese purchased for the Navy from
the operation of the general law which requires
contracts to be given to the lowest bidder. The
act of August 3, 1848, (vol. 9, page 272, section.
3 3,) authorized tho Secretary of the Navy spe-
cially to contract for tobacco without advertising.
The joint resolution of March 27, 1854, (vol. 10,
page 592,) authorized the purchase for the use of
the5 Navy of particular brands of flour in open
market. All these provisions were repealed by
the act of Congress approved June 23,1860. It is
recommended that the repeal be repealed, so as to
restore the former law; as otherwise it will be
impracticable to provide for the Navy butter,
cheese, and flour which will bear exposure to hot
climates. The sailor also should be permitted to
have his favorite tobacco prepared specially for
his use.
MARINE CORPS, SURGEONS, AND PAYMASTERS.
i have heretofore icported minutely the condi-
tion of the marine corps and of the medical and
pay departments of the Navy, and have recom-
