22
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[December 1,
36th Cong....2d Sess.
Report of the Secretary of the Navg.
Senate & Ho. op Reps.
mended that they be increased and be made ade-
quate to the wants of the service. I refer to them
now for the purpose merely of recalling to your
mind my former recommendations, and remark-
ing that nothing has since occurred to detract from
the considerations on which they were based.
squadrons.
The Home Squadron has, during the past year,
been under the command of flag-officer Joseph
R. Jarvis. He was appointed in May last, on
the detachment of flag-officer William J. McClu-
ncy, detached on account of ill health; and having
been on the station two years in command of the
sloop-of-war Savannah, he requested to be re-
lieved, and in October was succeeded by flag-offi-
cer G. J. Pendergrast. The squadron in the
course of the year has included the flagship
Savannah, Captain Joseph II. Jarvis; the steam-
frigate Roanoke, Captain W. H. Gardner; the
steam-sloop Powhatan, Captain Samuel Mercer;
the vsteam-sloop Susquehanna, Captain George
N. Hollins, which has proceeded to the Mediter-
ranean; the frigate Sabine, Captain Henry A.
Adams; the steam-sloop Brooklyn, Captain D.
G. Farragut, succeeded by Captain William S.
Walker; the sloops-of-war Jamestown, Com-
mander C. H. A. H. Kennedy; Saratoga, Com-
mander Thomas Turner, and St. Louis, Com-
mander Charles H. Poor; steamer Pocahontas,
Commander Samuel F. Hazard; sloop-of-war
Preble, Commander Thornton A. Jenkins; steam-
sloop Pawnee, Commander Henry J. Hartstene;
the steamers Mohawk, Lieutenant-Commanding
T. A. M. Craven; Water Witch, Lieutenant-
Commanding Lewis C. Sartori; Wyandotte,
Lieutenant-Commanding Fabius Stanly, and
Crusader,Lieutenant-Commanding John N. Maf-
fitt; and the sloop Falmouth, Lieutenant-Com-
manding 0. H. Berry man, succeeded by Lieu-
tenant-Commanding Charles Thomas, which is
permanently stationed at Aspinwall as a store-
ship, and is armed and provided to furnish pro-
tection to our citizens. The Jamestown returned
home in February, the Roanoke in May, the
Saratoga in June, the Preble and Water Witch
in September, and the Savannah in November.
The store-ships Relief, Commander Benjamin M.
Dove; Supply, Commander Henry Walko; and
Release, Lieutenant-Commanding George W.
Harrison, have been more or less employed in
connection with this squadron. The sloop-of-
war Cumberland, Captain John Marston, is on
the eve of sailing from New York for Vera Cruz,
to be the flag ship of flag-officer Pendergrast, and
the sloop-of-war Macedonian is fitting at Ports-
mouth, New Hampshire, to join the squadron.
The Sabine has been most of the time before
Aspinwall. She has recently, by order of the
Department, appeared before Vera Cruz.
1 he Mohawk,Wyandotte, Crusader, and Water
Witch have been employed on the coast of Cuba.
The Water Witch, yellow fever having appeared
on board, returned m September to Philadelphia.
The Brooklyn has recently been engaged in spe-
cial service in conncction with the Chiriqui sur-
veying expedition. She had previously been at
Vera Cruz, and had, in January, afforded Mr.
McLane, United States Minister to Mexico, a
passage from that port to New Orleans, in March
from Norfolk to Vera Cruz, and in July, from
VeraCruz to Mobile bay. In August she sailed
. from Norfolk with the Chiriqui commission.
The St. Louis was employed on the Central
American coast until June, when she proceeded
on a cruisc to the eastward, and successively vis-
ited Carthagena, St. Domingo City, La Guayra,
Curajoa, and Rio Hacha. On the arrival of the
St. Louis at Curagoa, Mr. Danics, United States
consul at Rio Hacha, who had fled from his con-
sulate for safety, complained to Commander Poor
of the treatment he had received from the revolu-
tionary troops of New Granada. Commander
Poorpromptiygave him a passage in the St. Louis
to Rio Hacha, and on arriving at that port pro-
ceeded to investigate the causes of the difficulty,
demanded an explanation of the indignities offered
to the American flag, and rcquiied that the flag
should be hoisted at the flag-staff of the consulate,
and saluted by the troops. It was accordingly
done. The treatment received from the troops by
Mr, Danies having resulted principally fiom his
individual acts, and not from those of an official
character, Commander Poor remonstrated and
proceeded no further. Leaving the consulate in
charge of Mr. Meyers, he sailed, September 18,
for Pensacola, and thence to Vera Cruz.
The Saratoga has been stationed most of the
time before Vera Cruz. In March she captured
the steamers Miramon and the Marques de la
Habana, which had been purchased by Miramon
for the s^e of Vera Cruz. A full report of the
capture was made to Congrcssat its last session.
She returned to Philadelphia in June, and was
put out of commission.
In the month of June, Lieutenant-Commanding
Maffitt, of tljp Crusader, rescued the French bark
Solide, with four hundred and fifty coolies aboard,
from her perilous condition on the rocks of Cay
Verde, for which he received the thanks of the
French Government.
In July, Lieutenant-Commanding Craven, of
the Mohawk, endeavored to save the Spanish
brig Bella, which was wrecked on Ginger Cay,
and afterwards took her passengers, crew, and
part of her cargo into Matanzas, for which he re-
ceived the thanks of the Captain General of Cuba
and other Spanish authorities.
The capture of five slavers, and the rescue of
sixteen hundred and three Africans on board of
them, arc due to this squadron—to that part of it
employed on the coast of Cuba.
The Brazil Squadron, under the command of
flag-officer Joshua R. Sands, has consisted of
the frigate Congress, (the flag sh ip,) Captain Louis
M. Goldsborough; the steam-sloop Seminole,
Commander George A. Prentiss, succeeded by
Commander E. R. Thomson; the brig Dolphin,
Commander Charles Stecdman; brig Perry, Lieu-
tenant-Commanding Richard L. Tilghtnan; brig
Bainbridge, Lieutenanf-Commandihg Maxwell
Woodhul); and the steamer Pulaski, Lieutenant-
Commanding William H. Macomb. The Peiry
returned home in June, and the B.unbridge in
November. The Dolphin has been ordered home.
The Seminole sailed from Norfolk for the station
July 1(>.
The vessels of this squadron have visited the
principal commercial ports on the coast and in
the waters of the La Plata, and have given effect-
ual protection to our countrymen and their in-
terests.
In the month of June, flag-officer Sands, in the
United States steamer Pulaski, proceeded from
Maldonado to Buenos Ayies, and with Consul
Hudson passed up the Urnguay to Conception,
the port of St. Jose, the residence of General Ur-
quiza, by whom they were most cordially wel-
comed. Returning, flag-officer Sands tendered
to General Urquiza, his staff, escort, and ser-
vants, forty persona in number, a conveyance to
Buenos Ayrcs. Near the mouth of the river they
were joined by General Durkee, the President of
the Confederation, and all the foreign ministers,
including the United States minister, General i
Cushman. After participating in the grand dem-
onstrations made on the return of the province of
Buenos Ayi^s to the Great Confederation, flag-
officer Sands proceeded with the Pulaski to Mal-
donado, and rejoined the Congress.
The Mediterranean Squadron is commanded
by flag-officer Charles H. Bell. In the course
of the year the steam-frigate Wabash, Captain
Samuel Barron; the sloop-of-war Macedonian,
Captain U. P. Levy; the steam-sloops Susque-
hanna, Captain George N. Hollins; the Rich-
mond, Captain Duncan N. Ingrahnm; and the
Iroquois, Commander James S. Palmer, have
been attached to it. In December, 1859^ flag-
offieer Lavallctte returned with tho Wabash to
New York. Captain U. P. Levy was left the
senior officer present, and on the 21st of Febru-
ary, by order of the Department, assumed com-
mand as flag officer of the squadron. The Ma-
cedonian returned to the United States in July.
The Iroquois sailed from New Yoik January 19,
the Susquehanna August 24, and the Richmond,
from Norfolk, October 13. The Susquehanna
was ordered to Vera Cruz, and temporarily at-
tached to the home squadron. She sailed for
the Mediterranean in the latter part of October.
The Iroquois, in February, visited Tetuan and
Tangier, on the coast of Morocco. She thence
proceeded to the coasts of Italy and Sicily, where
she has since been employed. During the bom-
bardment of Palermo she afforded protection to
American citizens at that port.
The store-ship Release, Lieutenant-Command-
ing J. M. Frailey, sailed from Boston in October
for the Mediterranean, with stores for the squad-
ron and contributions for the sufferers in Syria.
Instructions were given that these charitable con-
tributions should be sent from Spezia to Beirut
by the Release, or by one of the steamers of the
squadron which had been ordered to tho coast of
Syria.
The African Squadron, under the command
of flag-officer William Inman,has consisted of the
steam-sloop San Jacinto, Captain W. M. Arm-
strong, now commanded by Captain T. A. Dor-
nin; the sloop-of-war Constellation, Captain J. S.
Nicholas; sloop-of-war Portsmouth, Commander
John Colhoun; sloop-of-war Vincennes, Com-
mander Benjamin J.Totten; sloop-of-war Ma-
rion, Commander Thomas W. Brent; steam-sloop
Mohican, Commander Sylvanus W. Godon;
sloop-of-war Saratoga, Commander Alfred Tay-
lor; the steamer Sumter, Lieutenant-Commanding
James F. Armstrong, and the steamer Mystic,
Lieutenant-Commanding William E. LeRoy
The Vincennes returned to the United States in
March, and the Marion in October. The Mohican
sailed from New York, January 19, to join tho
squadron, and the Saratoga from Philadelphia
November 15.
The vessels of this squadron have been actively
employed, and, for most of the time, near the
Congo river, where the slave trade is principally
earned on. The Department has restricted the
cruising limits to the twentieth parallel of north
latitude, instead of the Island of Madeira, in lati-
tude north 32° 30', to which they previously
extended.
The removal of the naval depot from Porto
Praya, in latitude north 15°, to St. Paul de Lo-
ando, m latitude south 8°, has proved highly
advantageous. Every desirable concession was
made by the Government of Angola for the estab-
lishment of the depot at St. Paul. All stores for
the squadron are admitted duty free, while at
Porto Praya a duty of four per cent, was exacted.
A lease was obtained upon reasonable terms, and
the buildings repaired by persons attached to the
ships. The removal of the depot to this place has
rendered the squadron more efficient for all the
purposes for which it is maintained on the Afri-
can coast.
The San Jacinto was sent to Cadiz to be docked
and repaired, and was there from March until
June. The work was executed well and econom-
ically. Every facility that the Government yard
and docks at the naval arsenal near Cadiz could
afford, was courteously extended by the captain
general of marine.
The American bark Orion was captured by the
British steamer Pluto, in the fall of 1859, near
tho Congo, with about eight hundred Africans on
board, and taken to St. Helena. Under the tenth
aiticle of the treaty between the United States and
Great Britain, flag-ofiiecr Inman applied to the
Governor of St. Helena to deliver the captain,
officers, and crew to Lieutenant William E. Le-
Roy, commanding the Mystic. Thomas Mor-
gan, captain, and William Denning and Bryson
J. Chamberlain, mates, of the Orion, were ac-
cordingly surrendeied, taken to St. Paul on the
Mystic, transferred to the Vinccnne^, and on hei
return conveyed to Boston for trial.
In March, 1860, Commander Brent, command
mg the sloop-of-war Marion, was instrumental
in saving from destruction the property of Amer-
ican residents at Kisembo, on the west coast ot
Africa. On the 1st of the month, they applied
to him to send a sufficient force on shore to guard
their factorios, apprehending they would be de-
stroyed by the natives, who meditated an attack
on the Portuguese at that place. Commander
Brent promptly responded to the call, proceeded
on shore with several of the officers of the Mar-
ion, and forty sailors and marines, established a
guard at the factorios, maintained it until the
next morning, and then returned to the ship. On
the 3d a signal was made from the shore for
assistance, and Commander Brent immediately
landed a force of fifty sailors and marines, with a
howitzer and small arms. During the day, the
