I860.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
* 23
36th Cong....2d Sess.
Report of the Secretary of the Navy.
Senate & Ho. of Reps.
Portuguese and natives were engaged in conflict,
and several attempts were made by the natives to
approach the factories to fire them, but were
thwarted by the guard under Commander Brent.
The next morning the detachment returned to the
ship, as no further danger was apprehended.
Commander Brent, observed a strict neutrality
throughout, his only object being the protection
of American citizens. The force under his com-
mand cooperated with a similar one under Com-
mander Fitzroy, of the British steamer Falcon,
who interfered at the request of English residents.
This squadron has captured, during the past
year, seven slavers on the African coast, and
rescued one thousand five hundred and sixteen
Africans found on board of them.
The Pacific Squadron, under the command of
flag-officeivJ. B. Montgomery, luis consisted of
the steam sloop-of-war Lancaster, the flag ship,
Captain John Rudd; the steam-sloop Saianac,
Captain Robert Ritchie; the sloop-of-war Cyanc,
Commander Samuel Loclcwood; sloop-of-warLe-
vant, Commander William E. Hunt; sloop-of-
war Sr. Mary's, Commander William D. Por-
ter; sloop-of-war Vandalia, Commander Arthur
Sinclair; steam-frigate Merrimack Commander
Robert B. Hitchcock;' steam-sloop Wyoming,
Commander John K. Mitchell; steam-sloop Nar-
ragansctt, Commander Timothy A. Hunt; store-
ship Frcdonia, Lieutenant-Commanding James
M.Watson,stationed at Valparaiso; and the store-
ship Warren, Lieutenant-Commanding Junius J.
Boyle, stationed at Panama; both the latter ships
being armed and provided for defense of American
citizens. The Vandalia returned to the United
States in January last, and the Merrimac m Feb-
ruary. The steamer Narragansott sailed fiom Nor-
folk March 31, arrived at Valparaiso August 4,
and proceeded thence to Callao, to Guayaquil,
(with Consul Cassanova,) and to Panama.
The Lancaster mnved at Panama December G,
1859. Eatly in April she proceeded along the
Mexican and Central American coasts, visiting
San Juan del Sur, Realejo, LaUnion, Aeapnlco,
Mazatlan, Guaymns, and La Paz, and in July re-
turned to Panama. In August flag-officer Mont-
gomery visited, in his flag ship, the port of Callao,
at the request of our minister to Peru. In conse-
quence ot his unexpected departure, orders from
the Department to remain before Panama did not
reach inm until after Ins anival at Callao. She
remained at Callao until Octobcr, when she re-
turned to Panama.
The officers and crew of the Saranar, at the
expiration of a two years 'cruisc, were relieved by
others sent to Panama, Captain Ritchie relieving
Captain Kelly in the command in November,
1859. From that time until July, 1800, she was
on the Central American coast, and then pro-
ceeded to the navy-yard at Mare Island for re-
pairs.
The Cyanc having been on the coa&t of Nica-
ragua for some months, was in January ordered
to Panama, and m March to Mare Island for
repairs. In June she proceeded to the Gulf of
California to supply Ac place of the St. Mary's.
The Levantsailed in January from Panama for
Rcalejo, and relieved theSaranac. Retunungm
May, she was dispatched to the Sandwich Islands
at the request of the Secretary of State, to inquire
into the expenditure of tire fund appropriated for
the relief of destitute Ameiican seamen. Having
pei formed this duty, Commander Hunt has prob-
ably returned with her to Panama.
The Wyoming arrived at Panama, March 27,
having touched at Valpaiaiso, Callao, and Guay-
aquil. In April, she relieved the Levant on the
coast of Nicaragua. In May, she was dispatched
fiom Panama to Callao with important instruc-
tions from the Department of State to the United
States minister to Peru.
The St. Mary's was stationed on the western
coast of Mexico from Octobcr, 1859, until ordered
to Panama, where she arrived m July, 1860. At
the insurrection in the vicinity of Panama, which
occurred September 27, a brisk fire was com-
menced from the outskirts of the city, killing six
and wounding three of the white inhabitants.
Commander Porter immediately went on shore,
consulted the American consul, and at the request
of the military mtendente and of the agentofthe
railroad, landed a body of sailors and marines
and a field piece, and took possession of the rail-
road station. On the 28th, the Governor deliv-
ered up the city to the joint occupancy of the
forces from the St. Mary's and the British ship
Clio. Tranquillity having been restored, the de-
tachment, on the 7th of Octobcr, was withdrawn.
Lieutenant-Commanding Junius J. Boyle, of
the Warren, rendered active service on this occa-
sion.
The East India Squadron has been com-
manded by flag-officer C. K. Striblinff,fxnd has
comprised the steam sloop-of-war Hartford, (the
flagship,) Captain Charles Lowndes; sloop-of-
war Gcrmantown, Commander R. L. Page;
steamer Saginaw, Commander James F. Schenck;
steam-sloop Dacotah, Commandcri 111am Rad-
ford; and sloop-of-war John AdanllfCommander
John M. Berrien. The sloop-of-war Vandalia,
Commander S. Phillips Lee, is about to sail from
NewYoikfor this station. The John Adams
sailed from Norfolk June 1,1859, and, after many
delays, arrived at Hong Kong April 28, 18G0.
The Saginaw sailed from San Francisco March
8, and arrived at Shanghai May 12. The Daco-
tah sailed from Norfolk June 30, and has proba-
bly arrived on the station. The Gcrmantown
returned to the United States in April.
The Hartford, in November, 1859, received our
minister, Mr. Ward, on board, conveyed him to
Canton, returned with him to Ilong Kong, then
conveyed him to Manilla, and in January re-
turned with him to Hong Kong. Flag-officer
Stribhng represents their visit to Manilla as ben-
eficial to our commercial interests there, and as
rendered very agreeable by the attentions of the
Governor and Captain General, and other officials
of the Government. Pic repot ts that our commerce
and our countrymen residing at Manilla and in
the Philippine Islands, are fully protected by the
local authorities of Spain, and that in no part of
the woild are thev on a better footing. In April,
the Hartfmd, with Air. Ward, visited Swatau,a
port just openr-d to imeign eommeree by our
treaty with China. As there had been some dif-
ficulty at Swatau among the Chinese, the visit
was well timed, and was deemed beneficial to our
commerce. In May she left Hong Kong for
Shanghai, touching at Amoy, and in July con-
veyed Mr. Ward to the Gulf of Pcchele, and,
touching at vanous places, icturncd to Shanghai
the latter part of August.
The John Adams, in May, was dispatched by
flag-officer Stribhng to Fouehon,to remain there
until further orders. Commander Bcrrion re-
ported, June 25, that a fight was then going on
between the Canton and the Chinchew men, and
that, at the request of Con.Mil Gouvci neur, he had
sent up an armed boat, and was preparing another
to leave with the next flood tide, for the purpose
of protecting our countrymen, and other foreign
lesidents.  
japanese embassy.
When the Japanese Government first determ-
ined to send an embassy to a civilized power, the
United States were selected to receive it, and or-
ders were given by this Department to Hag-officer
Tattnall, of the East India squadron, to alfoid it
a passage in one of the ships of the squadron.
Accordingly, the steam-frigate Powhatan, Cap-
tain George F. Pearson, bearing flag-officer Tatt-
nall on his leturn home, received the embassy on
board, consisting of seventy-two persons, and
set sail from Yeddo on the 13th of February,
1860 Having touched at Honolulu, they ar-
rived at San Francisco on the 29th of March.
Leaving San Francisco on the 31th of April, they
arrived at Panama on the 24th, and the next day
were transported across the Isthmus. The steam-
frigate Roanoke, th^ flag ship of flag-officer
McCluney, of the home squadron, having been
designated to convey them from Aspinwall to the
United States, received them on board on the 25th
of April, and on the 13th of May at Hampton
Roads transferred them to the chartered steamer
Philadelphia, which the next day landed them
in Washington.
The United States steam-frigate Niagara, Cap-
tain W. W. McKean, was detailed to receive the
embassy at Panama on their return home and con-
vey them across the Pacific to Japan; but some
of her machinery failing after she had been a short
time at sta, the returned to the port of New Yoik,
and was afterwards detailed to convey t.hem home
by way of Cape of Good Hope. Embarking on
board of that vessel on the 29th of June, they put
to sea the next day, and in August had reached
St. Paul de Loando, having thus far had a pros-
perous and agreeable voyage.
The visit of the Japanese embassy to the Uni-
ted States was preceded by the Japanese war
steamer Kandinamarrah, sent by the Government
of Japan to signalize their approach. She arrived
at San Francisco on the 17th of March, avid pro-
ceeded soon afterwards to thenavy-yard at Mare
Island for repairs. Captain Cunningham, anti-
cipating the wishes of the Department, promptly
gave her every facility the yard afforded. The
admiral', captain, officers, and crew were appro-
priately and comfortably quartered in the public
buildings until the Kandinamarrah was repaired
and ready again for their reception. The admiral
expressed himself highly gratified, and tendered
payment of the expenses, which Captain Cun-
ningham, however, declined to receive. The
Kandinamarrah left the navy-yard for San Fran-
cisco on the 1st of May, and soon afterwards
departed for Japan.
explorations.
The act of Congress of JYme 22, 1860, author-
ized the President to send some competent per-
son or persons to the Isthmus of Chiriqui, to
examine and rcportupon the quality and probable
quantity of coal to be found on the lands of the
Chiriqui Improvement Company; the character
of the harbors of Chiriqui Lagoon and Golfito;
the practicability of building a railroad across
said Isthmus, so as to connect said harbors; and
generally as to the value of the privileges con-
tracted for in the conditional contract of May 21,
1859, made by Ambrose W. Thompson and said
company with the Navy Department. An expe-
dition was accordingly organized under the com-
mand of Captain Frederick Englc of the Navy.
The hydrographical partof the work was assigned
to Lieutenant William N. JelTers, of the United
States Navy, the topographical to Lieutenant
James St. Clair Morton, of the United States
Topographical Engineers, and the geological to
Dr. John Evans, an eminent geologist. Thus
organized, the expedition set sail from Norfolk
in the United States war-steamer Brooklyn, Au-
gust 13, and on the 23d arrived at the Chiriqui
Lagoon.
The expedition has just returned to Norfolk.
I transmit herewith preliminary reports from
Captain Engle, Lieutenants Jeffcrs and Morton,
and Dr. Evans. Those reports show that the
harbors on both sides of the Isthmus of Chiriqui
are unsurpassed; that, in the opinion of Lieuten-
ant Morton, <4 it js entirely practicable to connect
the harbors by a hue of railroad adapted to com-
mercial purposes;" and that the coal found there
is of excellent quality, and the supply inexhaust-
ible. Complete reportsfromall these officers can
be transmuted to Congress in a few days. I can-
not withhold from ihem the highest commenda-
tion of the Department for the zeal and energy
with which they have executed their respective
duties.
The exploration of the Parana and of the trib-
utaries of the Paraguay under the command of
Commander Thomas J. Page, has probably been
completed. He had reached Uruquayanain Au-
gust last. It was his intention to extend the ex-
ploration in the Uruguay as far as the high water
of September and October would allow, which
was all that remained to be accomplished by the
expedition. The men are expected to return
home in the Dolphin. Lieutenants McGary and
Chandler have already arrived.
Commander John Rodgers, in his report of the
progress and condition of the work under his
charge on the results of the North Pacific and
Bhering's Straits expedition, has given a list of
the charts in the engravers' hands; of those re-
duced for engraving; those in progress of reduc-
tion; those ready for reduction; those to be pre-
pared for the engraver; and those already engraved
and published. There will be required to finish
the work the sum of $11,672; and an estimate for
that purpose has accordingly been submitted.
Captain Cadwalader Ringgold commanded this
expedition from the time of iu dcpartuie* from
