I860.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGBESSIONAL GLOBE.
36th Cong....2d Sess.
Report of the Secretary of the Interior.
Senate & Ho. of Eeps.
the land department, on behalf of individuals,
which, however, after careful examination, were
all rejected by a decision of Secretary Stuart,
made'October 10, 1851, that the land had been
reserved by the act of Congress above quoted,
and the title thereto remained in the United States,
subject to such legislation as Congress might spe-
cially provide. Notwithstanding this decision,
he allowed a special entry of the quarter section
including the springs to be made, for a special
purpose, in December, 1851. The claims of all
contestants for this quarter section were sub-
mitted to the late Attorney General, in 1854, who
was of the opinion that the act of Congress had
reserved the land and forbidden its sale or loca-
tion; and in this opinion my predecessor seems
to have concurred. In April last, the application
of the parties who were allowed the entry of De-
cember 19, 1851, for a patent thereon, was sub-
mitted to me; and, after a deliberate review of the
case, I decided that the entry was illegal, and
directed that it be canceled.
1 know no reason why the title to the lands of
the hot springs should be reserved in perpetuity,
and therefore rccommend that the disposal of the
four sections reserved, be provided for by appro-
priate legislation.
By an act of Congress, approved August 8,
1846, a giant of lands was made to the State of
Iowa for theimprovementofthe navigation of the
Des Moines river, from its mouth to the Raccoon
Fork. This grant, for more than two years, was
regarded on all hands as confined to the line of the
improvement, and limited to the lands along the
river and below the Raccoon Fork; and this view
of the matter has been maintained by the Depart-
ment of the Interior and by the General Land
Office. The quantity of land thus admitted to be
within thegrantwasfound to be 322,392 acres,and
was long since listed and approved to the State.
Secretary Stuart, however, caused some of the
lands along the river and above the Raccoon Fork
to be listed and certified as part of the grant: and
a list was also approved by Secretary McClel-
land, before his attention was called to the ques-
tions of law involved in a claim which had been
presented on behalf of the State, in 1849, that the
frant extended to the headwaters of the Des
loines river.
The right of the State under the grant of the
8th of August, 1846, to any lands lying above
the Raccoon Fork was directly involved in a cause
which was determined by the Supreme Court of
the United States at the December term, A. D.
1859; and that tribunal therein decided that the
grant did not embrace any such lands, and that
the lists and certificates which had issued from
this Department conveyed no title to the State.
The quantity of land embraced in the lists of this
kind is 271,572 acres; and, with the exception of
some sixty or seventy thousand acres, the same
tracts have also been claimed by the State of Iowa,
for the use of railroad companies, under the act
of Congress approved May 15, 1850, as parts of
the grants thereby made, to aid in the construc-
tion of certain railroads. Having recommended
to the Committee on Public Lands of the Senate,
in June last, a relinquishment to the State of all
title remaining in the United States to the 271,572
acres of land erroneously listed and certified under
the Des Moines grant, I have directed a sus-
pension of immediate action under the railroad
grants, so far as the two conflicting claims inter-
fere. The lands along the upper portions of the
Des Moines river, not embraced in any of the
certified lists, which have been surveyed for four,
five, and six years, but withheld from market on
account of the claim of the State, have recently
been proclaimed and offered at public sale. -
# When I came into office the grant to Wiscon-
sin to aid the improvement of the navigation of
the Foxand Wisconsin rivers was unsettled. My
predecessor, a few weeks before that period, made
a decision, according to which the quantity of this
grant, under all the laws upon the subject, was
ascertained to be 684,289 acres. Before that time
the State had selected lands, under the law of
1854, largely in excess of this quantity, and the
selections had been withheld from sale. In tins
a tote of facts, I directed "the lists of selections to
be taken up> and approved in their order of pre-
cedence, to such extent as would complete the
quantity of lands due the State, and the tracts se-
lected in excess to be restored to market. This
was done, excepting some 15,000 acres of selec-
tions which were suspended, in order to let in, as
part of the grant, such odd-numbered lots in the
Stockbridge township, on the east side of Lake
Winnebago, as might remain to the United States,
free from any claim of individuals under the treaty
of February, 1856, with the Stockbridge and Mun-
see Indians. The lists of such lots have been re-
cently prepared, and, with a supplemental list of
selections, approved, thus fully closing up the
business.
It has been my aim, whenever these cases of
long-standing and chronic difficulty have legiti-
mately come before me, to fully examine and
carefully consider them; to inform myself of all
their history and details, and dispose of them
finally in a spirit of justice, and according to the
laws respectively governing each ease, thus re-
lieving tne general business of the Land Office
from the incubus which by reason of their pend-
ancy, pressed upon and deranged the service, and
perplexed its officers.
1 he progress 9f the public surveys in the Ter-
ritory of Washington has been interrupted on ac-
count of the existence of certain land claims,
under the treaty of June 15,1846, with Great Brit-
ain. On the expir&tion of the charter of the
Hudson Bay Company, in 1859, the possessory
right of that company, under the third article of
the treaty, terminated. Instructions were accord-
ingly issued to the surveyor general, in Septem-
ber, 1859, to extend the lines of the public surveys
over the lands which had been occupied by its
agents and employes; and contracts have since
been made for subdividing, in the usual manner,
a considerable portion of those lands.
Two tracts—one at Nisqually, containing, by
estimate, 167,000 acres, and another at Cowlitz,
containing about 3,600 acres—have been claimed
under the fourth article of the same treaty for the
Puget Sound Agricultural Company. It is stip-
ulated in that article that the " farms, lands, and
other property of every description belonging to
the Puget Sound Agricultural Company, on the
north side of the Columbia river, shall be con-
fiimed to the said company. In ease, however,
the situation of those farms and lands should be
considered by the United States to be of public
and political importance, and the United States
Government should signify a desire to obtain
possession of the whole, or any part thereof, the
property so required shall he transferred to the
said Government, at a proper valuation, to be
agreed upon between the parties.
It is clearly the duty of this Government to con
firm to the Puget Sound Agricultural Company
all such " farms" and "lands" as belonged to
said company at the date of the treaty. The
treaty, however, created no right; it snnply pro-
vided for the confirmation of a title, either inchoate
or perfect, previously existing. Title to landu^
der the British Government can only be derived
from the Crown, either directly or indirectly.
But this Department is not ad vised that said com-
pany have, or claim to have, any grant from the.
Crown of Great Britain. The treaty only secures
to them the " lands" and " farms" "belonging
/o" them; and, if we reject the literal, obvious
interpretation,and construe the words <£belonging
to" as equivalent to " occupied by" the company,
still we find nothing in the words of the treaty
which will warrant the claim of an extensive dis-
trict, when it is well known that, at the date of
the treaty, only a few employes of this company
had houses, sheep-foldb, and cattle-pens, with
very meager improvements, scattered over a wide
and undefined range of country. Such a con-
struction of the treaty is totally inadmissible and
inconsistent with the land policy of the United
States and Great Britain. While it is manifest,
from all the evidence collected, that no part of
this land " belonged to" the Puget Sound Agri-
cultural Company, yet some scattered portions
of it might answer the description of " farms"
and " lands" occupied by it, which, in a spirit of
fairness and libeiality, might be determined by
hurvey, confirmed and patented. On the other
hand, the claim which has been presented, and
which I regard as merely speculative, delays the
public surveys, retards settlements, and prevents
the improvement of the country.
Indeed, the surveyor general reports thatalmost
all the old servants of the Puget Sound Agricul-
tural Company have long since become American
citizens, and are now claiming farms, under our
former donation and present preemption laws,
within the region that has been claimed on the
Nisqually river.
It is due to the people of Washington Terri-
tory that some decisive action should be taken.
I am not advised that any portion of the tracts
claimed are of any public or political importance
to the United States, and 1 recommend that the
surveyor general of Washington Territory,under
the supervision of this Department, be author-
ized by special enactment to decide upon the valid-
ity of the claims of the Puget Sound Agricul-
tural Company; and if they are entitjed to con-
firmation , to determine the locationand boundaries
of the " farms" and " lands" that belonged to the
company; which should be required, within a
given period, to present its claims for final ac-
tion.
INDIAN AFFAIRS.
Detailed information in regard to the operations
of the Indian office during tl*e past year, and the
present condition of the various tribes of Indians
within our limits, will be found in the report of
the Commissioner, which, with the accompany-
ing documents, is herewith submitted.
In reviewing the results of the policy pursued
by the Government of the United States towards
the Indian tribes within their limits, it should be
borne in mind that,Awhile the same general rela-
tion exists between the United States and all the
tribes, that relation has been modified in respect
to many of them by treaty stipulations and acts
of Congress; and as these modifications vary in
each case, and often in essential particulars, the
subject becomes complicated, and the difficulty of
subjecting the Indians to a uniform policy greatly
increased. With the wild tribes in the heart of
the continent, in Arizona, and in California, con-
stituting, possibly, the majority, we have no
treaties whatever. With respect to policy, then,
it is obvious that the Indians must be divided
into two classes—those with whom we have treat-
ies, and those with whom we have not. In the
case of the former we are clearly bound by treaty
stipulations; in the case of the latter the Govern-
ment is free to pursue such a policy as circum-
stances may render expedient, subordinate, of
course, to those general principles which have
been declared in the statutes and sanctioned by
the Supreme Court.
Again: the treaty, or annuity Indians may be
arranged in two divisions. With one we have
treaties of amity, and we pay them annuities,
either in money, goods, or provisions, or perhaps
all three, for a longer or shorter period, but with-
out recognizing their title to any particular tract
of country. We not only pay annuities to the
other, but we recognize their title to particular
tracts of country, described by metes and bounds,
and guaranty them undisturbed possession to
the same forever. This latter class, again, must
be subdivided into those who hold their lands
in common, whether in fee, or by the usual
Indian title, and those whose lands are held in
severalty by the individual members of the tribe.
There is yet a further distinction to be made be-
tween those' cases where the several reservations
are in a compact body, surrounded by a well-
defined cxterioi boundary, constituting them a
tribal reservation, over which the intercourse laws
can be enforced, and those in which the individ-
ual reservations are scattered among the white
settlements, and subjected to the operations of
the laws of the State or Territory in which they
are situated.
Our intercourse with those tribes with whom
we have no treaties, except those in California,
Utah, and New Mexico, who are under the con-
trol of agents, is limited to impressing upon them
the necessity of maintaining friendly relations
with the whites, and assuring them that acts of
violence and rapine will be sure to draw upon
them severe chastisement. This intercourse is
had mainly thiough the medium of officers of the
