26
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[November 30,
• 36th Cong. ... 2b -Sess.
Report of the Secretary of the Interior.
Senate & Ho. op Reps.
Army, stationed on the remote frontier, or en-
gaged in exploring and surveying expeditions,
with the exception of the Navajos and Snakes,
these Indians have been at peace with as during
the past year.
Peace has also prevailed among the treaty In-
dians, with one conspicuous exception. I refer
to the Kioways, whose increasing turbulence
would seem to render military operations advis-
able. The same may be said of the Yanctonnais
and Cut-Head bands of Sioux.
Of those Indians to whom reservations are se-
cured by treaty, it is to be observed that those
who hold their lands in common, and those who
hold in Severalty, but whose reservations are
scattered about among the white settlements, have
made, and are making, little or no progress.
There are, of course, exceptions; but they are
few in number, and result from fortuitous circum-
stanccs. .Experience has satisfied me that two
conditions are indispensable to the success of any
policy, looking beyond the mere immediate and
temporary relief of the Indians. If it is designed
to effect a radical change in their habits and
modes of life, and establish for them a permanent
civilization, the ideas of separate or rather pri-
vate property , and isolation,musUorm the basis,
alike of our diplomacy and our legislation.
Private property in the soil and its products
stimulates industry by guarantying the undis-
turbed enjoyment of its fruits; and isolation is an
effectual protection against the competition, the
cunning, and the corrupting influences of the
white man. This is not mere theory: it has the
sanction of successful application in practice; and
notable examples may bd*cited—those of the
Winnebagoesand Sissetonand Wahpeton Sioux,
reclaimed m an incredibly short time by this pol-
icy, from the idleness, drunkenness, and degrada-
tion for which they were conspicuous. And it is
no valid objection to the force of the illustration
to ^ny, that the same results have been produced
among the Choctaws, Chickasaws, and Chero-
kee, who still hold their lands as tenants in com-
mon. The tenure in common is but nominal with
these tribes: every member of them is protected
in the undisturbed possession of the home he has
made for himself in the common domain; and his
right of property in his fields and tiie crops he
raises on them are as sacredly icspected as if he
held them in fee and in severalty. Nowhere are
the intercourse laws m> rigidly enforced as among
these tribes; and it is to this and the practical
recognition of the right of private property in the
soil and its products that the great prosperity of
these tribes is due. I am strengthened, then, in
the conviction expressed in my last annual report,
that the only plan that holds out any hope for the
decaying aboriginal races, is to confine them to
small tribal reservations, having well-defined ex-
terior boundaries, so that the intercourse laws
can be enforced thereon, and to divide these res-
ervations into farms of moderate dimensions, to
be held in severalty by the individual members
of the tribe, with all the rights incident to an es-
tate m fee-simple, except that of alienation. An-
nuities should be paid, not in money, but in goods,
provisions, agricultural implements, an4 seeds;
and authority should be given to the agents to
discriminate In their distribution between the in-
dustrious and the idle, the orderly and the thrift-
less. These ideas form the basis of all the Indian
treaties which have been ncgotiated«during your
Ad ministration, and 1 will suggest that they should
be established by law as the fixed policy of the
Government.
The colonization system, which was tried in
California and Texas under the direction of Con-
gress, and from which I at one time hoped for the
most favorable results, has proved an entire fail-
ure. Itis expensive and radically defective. To
promise for it any success, one of two modifica-
tions must be introduced. Either the overseer or
agent must have a right of pioperty in the pro-
ducts of the reservation, and be allowed to retain
for his private use and benefit the surplus which
may remain after feeding and clothing the Indians,
or each Indian must work for himself and gather
for himself, and the idle and the thriftless rpust be
made to feel the effects of their idleness and un-
thriftmess, and to realize practically the differ-
ence between him who sows and reaps and him
who does not. *
Frequent complaints having been made by the
Cherokee authorities of unauthorized settlements
upon a portion of their territory known as the
neutral land, measures were taken to remove
the cause of complaint. Last spring the settlers
were notified that they were unauthorized intrud-
ers, mere naked trespassers, in fact, upon an In-
dian reserve, and that they must remove, or the
law would be enforced against them. No atten-
tion having been paid to the notice, the agent for
the Cherokees, acting under orders from the In-
dian office, has recently visited the reserve, and,
by the aid of the United States troops, forcibly
removed the settlers from that portion of the re-
serve lying south of what is known as the Calhoun
line. It appears from the records of the Depart-
ment that owing to an error in protracting the
northern boundary of the neutral land the line
was made to run eight or nine miles south of the
true boundary, leaving outside of the reserve as
marked on the map, a strip known as the " Dry
Woods," which should have been included in it.
It was generally believed that the Dry Woods was
part of the New York reservation, on which set-
tlements were permitted, and as the settlers there
had gone in good faith and made valuable im-
provements, the agent did not molest them. Be-
lieving myself that the settlers on the tract in
question tue law-abiding citizens, that they estab-
lished themselves there in good faith, and in utter
ignorance of the trespass they were committing,
and that they haveexpended large sumsin opening
and improving their farms, 1 think it would be a
great hardship if they were now compelled to re-
move. I have, therefore, suspended the execu-
tion of the law until the end of the approaching
session of Congress, in order that they may have
an opportunity of applying to that body for relief;
and, as the Cherokees do not want the land, I
would recommend the passage of a law authoriz-
ing this land to be surveyed and sold as other
public lands, and the proceeds paid over to the
Cherokees. As it is expressly stipulated in the
treaty of New Echota that the lands ceded to the
Cherokees " shall in no future time, without their
consent, be included withm the territorial limits or
jurisdiction of any State or Territory, "provision
should be made m the law for obtaining the assent
of the Cherokees as a condition precedent to its
taking effect; and, with a view of securing such
assent, and preventing any future conflict of juris-
diction, the boundaries of Kansas should be so
modified as to make her southern line coincident
with the northern boundaries of the Cherokee
neutral land and the Osage reservations, as pro-
tracted on Mr. Calhoun's map. The samcenor
was committed with respect to the northern
boundary of the Osage reservation; and as there
are settlers upon the strip embraced between the
treaty line and Mr. Calhoun's line, and then-
condition is in all inspects similar to that of the
toettlcrs on the Dry Woods, I would recommend
that the provisions of the law be extended to the
Osage reservation.
The Shawnees, Miamies, and the confederated
bands of Kaskaskias, Peorias, Weas, and Pian-
keshaws, belong to that class of Indians whose
lands have been divided among the individual
members of the tribe, and are held m severalty.
These individual reservations do not fall within
the limits of a tribal reservation, but are scattered
among the white settlements, and the Indians are
consequently exposed to all the evils resulting
from unrestrained intercourse with the whites.
They are not only making no progress, but are
rapidly deteriorating; and I feel confident that,
unless they are removed from their present loca-
tion, they will disappear altogether in a short
time. I would recommend that authority be
given to this Department to sell their lands, with
their consent, and, with the proceeds, purchase
thema home,either in the Cherokee neutral land,
or in some part of the Osage reservation. No
doubt is entertained of the feasibility of this plan,
and it offers the double advantage of removing
the Indians from influences that are surely work-
ing their destruction, and relieving the future
State of Kansas from the burden of a large pauper
Indian population. Besides, it will open to settle-
ment some of the richest and most productive
lands in Kansas. Indeed, I am not sure but that
it would be advisable to remove all the Indians
of Kansas, and locate them upon the unoccupied
portion of the Osage reservation. It would re-
lieve Kansas from an incubus, and allow the
Indians a fair opportunity of working out a future
for themselves, unrestricted by the interference
of the whites.
Appropriations were made, at the last session
of Congress, to enable the Department to nego-
tiate treaties with the Arrapahoes and Cheyennes,
and with the Chippewas of lied Lake and Red
River. To carry out the wishes of Congress, the
Arrapahoes and Cheyennes were notified to as-
semble at Fort Bent—now Fort Wise—and the
Commissioner of Indian Affairs was instructed
to meet them there. The Arrapahoes met the
Commissioner, but only two or three chiefs of
the Cheyennes were able to be present at the ap-
pointed time. The propositions of the Govern-
ment were submitted to them in council, and the
Indians were satisfied to accept them. But, as
the representatives of the Cheyennes did not feel
authorized to sign a treaty, the Commissioner
was compelled to return without completing hU
work. The negotiation was left in such a condi-
tion as to hold out the expectation that a treaty
will be concluded at an early day.
The superintendent of Indian afFairs for the
northern supermtendency and an experienced
officer of this Department were appointed com-
missioneis to negotiate with the Chippewas of
Red Lake and Red River. Here, again, the ne-
gotiations were impeded by the absence of one
of the bands, whose assent was deemed essential
by the Indians themselves. The delegates from
the Red Lake band demanded a most extravagant
price for their land, and maintained their demand
with so much persistence that the commissioners
deemed it impossible to conclude a treaty at that
time upon terms acceptable to the Department,
and so broke up the conference. The Depart-
ment was influenced, in the terms it offered, by
the fact that the Senate had rejected a treaty ne-
gotiated in 1851, by Hon. Alexander Ramsay,
then Governor of Minnesota, and ex officio super-
intendent, by which the Indians agreed to sell
the most valuable portion of their country, in-
cluding the valley of the Red River of the North,
for the sum of $230,000. It was, therefore, deemed
necessary to demand a larger cession for that
sum, while the amplest reservations were con-
templated for Indian occupancy. The Indians
have since expressed regret for their conduct, and
asked to be permitted to visit Washington to
eoncludc a treaty. Permission has been given
them, and it is expected that a treaty will bo
shortly concluded.
In the administration of our Indian affairs, the
aid of the military arm of the Government is often
indispensable; and at all times a cordial coopera-
tion and a friendly understanding between the
Indian agents and the officers of the Army are
requned for the success of this service. I am of
the opinion, therefore, that the supervision of the
Indian bureau might be retransferred to the War
Department with great propriety and advantage.
If all the officers of the Government who were
brought in contact with the Indians, and were
intrusted with their business, were under the
immediate order and control of one Department,
they would necessarily feel a more direct respons-
ibility, which would certainly secure greater effi-
ciency.
pensions.
I refer you to the report of the Commissioner
of Pensions for information in respect to the op-
orations of the pension bureau for the past year.
The whole number of pensioners of all classes
now remaining on the rolls is 11,284, and the sum
required to pay their pensions is $1,001,018 95.
During the past year the amount thus expended
was §1,103,562 03.
Although there appears to have been but a
slight diminution in the work of the office, yet
such is the condition of the business that it will
admit of a considerable reduction of the clerical
force during the next year; and consequently the
estimates now submitted for this branch of the
service have been reduced by the sum of $28,200.
