012
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 29,
other State, or to keep them in the Union, If
they cannot be held loyal to the Constitution and
laws of the land without voting this great wrong,
I, for one, will not keep them in at all; let them
go.
But if it is the object and purpose of the friends
of this measure to vote for the proposition which
is the best calculated to promote the interests of
the whole country, then they will come forward
and vote for this northern route; for it has been
demonstrated by Governor Stevens in his survey,
and by others who have carefully investigated it,
that it is, beyond all question, the most feasible
route. I should like to hear the Senator from Ore-
gon [Mr. Lane] cxpres's his views upon it. He
is acquainted with the military bearing of this
question, and I do not pretend to understand any-
thing1 about those matters. If the friends of a Pa-
cific railroad wish to do justice, and wish to pass
an honest and fair measure for the interests of the
whole country, I apprehend they will come "for-
ward and vote for this amendment.
It lias been customary for some gentlemen on
the Pacific coast to get up in this Chamber and
denounce every man who did not support their
particular measure, as being opposed to the whole
scheme of the Pacific railroad. Now, sir, I do
not admit that those men are the especial guard-
ians of this measure at all.
Mr.GWIN. Does the Senator allude to me as
one of those Senators?
Mr. WILKINSON. I referred more particu-
larly to the Senator from Oregon and the remarks
he made the other day.
Mr. GWIN. AU I have got to say is, that if
the Senator referred tome, he is entirely mistaken.
Many friends of the Pacific railroad differ with me
on this and other points; but I do not pretend to
throw any imputation on gentlemen who inter-
pose their measures, because I believe they arc just
as good friends as I am to the Pacific railroad.
Mr. WILKINSON. I had in my mind, at the
time, more particularly, some remarks made by
ihe Senator from Oregon, the other day. Now,
sir, I deny that those gentlemen, or anybody else,
have any right to charge us with being enemies of
this measure because we do not favor the partic-
ular bill that has been introduced. Sir, this bill,
that has conic to us fiom the House of Repre-
sentatives, is a bill of abominations. It is fraught
with manifest injustice and wrong; and, instead
of producing the results which some gentlemen
expect, I believe these Texan secessionists will
laugh at you. If men are not bound to this Union
by any stronger ties than those furnished by this
railroad scheme, then the cjuicker they get out of
the Union, in my humble judgment, the better.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Mr." Piesidcnt, so long as
wo weie proposing to set apart the public lands
for the construction of a Pacific railroad, I was
always m favor of makingagrant to three routes,
putting thorn on terms of exact equality, and al-
lowing each of them to make the road as fast as
they could; but if we are to make large appro-
priations from the Federal Treasury under the war
power, or any other specific power, it is hard to
say that three are necessary, or that we could not
get along even with one. i am afraid we arc going
to defeat any Pacific railroad bill by encumbering
it with too many roads, too many brandies, and
too large an amount of money, so that it will fall
of iig own weight. Now we have inserted a
branch, I believe, fromSaciamento, in California,
over to Puget Sound.
Mr. LANE. To Portland, Oregon.
Mr. DOUGLAS. To Portland, Oregon. A road
there would be of great service. I would be will-
ing to give any amount of land there to aid in the
construction of a road, as we have done in other
States; but really I cannot say that that is one of
the essential works of national defense that comes
within the route of the main stem across the Rocky
Mountains. It will be a very expensive road . ft
will run over various ranges of mountains where
there is very little travel. It will be very conve-
nient to those people. I should be glad to exer-
cise the powers of this Government as far as I
could, to promote their interests and their conve-
nience; but sir, we are adding greatly to the diffi-
culties MUToimding the bill by putting in that
clause.
The same is- true of the branches on this side.
We begin this southern route on the western bor-
der of Louisiana, and also at Fort Smith, Arkan-
sas, and run several hundred miles on each branch.
It is very convenient to those neighborhoods to
have those branches; but I am not prepared to say
that the public interests of this nation are to be
very materially affected by them. You are delay-
ing the main line by having so many branches.
Then,on the central route,asitiscalled, you make
two branches—one to the western border of Mis-
souri, and one to the western border of Iowa—to
come together after several hundred miles. It is
very convenient for the railroad interests in Mis-
souri and in Iowa to have those branches made
for them, with a view to connect with the main
trunk; but they would make them themselves very
soon, if we would make the main trunk, without
the Federal Government making the branches.
Now, after having put on those, the proposition
is for a third road from Lake Superior to Puget
Sound. That is a very good route for a railroad.
No doubt it is entirely practicable. I have often
pointed out the route as a practicable one, and as
one to which we ought to make a grant of land,
setting apart alternate sections for many miles on
each side to create a fund to make that road; but,
sir, if wc are going to put it upon this bill, I am
afraid wc arc taking upon our shoulders a little
more weight than wc can carry. I am afraid we
arc imposing on the Federal Treasury a larger
demand than we can supply. I fear we are going
to make them all useless, by dividing our sub-
scriptions between so many that we shall either
defeat the whole, or postpone the construction of
all for an indefinite time.
I would much rather make but one road, so
situated as to be fair to all sections, and so that
all roads on this side could connect with it. I be-
lieve if wc could set aside all these local interests,
and start one road at the city of Sacramento, Cal-
ifornia, and then over to the Washoe mines, and
keep due east until you strike the head of the
Arkansas, you would find a good route and a
practicable road. When you get to tliG head of
the Arkansas, one branch should run down to
Louisiana in the direction of New Orleans, and
the other to Iowa, in the direction of the north-
western States; and thus you would accommo-
date the whole country quite as well, perhaps
better, by one road with two brunches, than you
would With all these roads. I would rather do
that, sir. It would require very little change in this
bill. This Texas company, incorporated in Texas,
would only have to bend their road a little to con-
nect. As to our central road, as you call it, I
believe the head of the Arkansas the best pass for
it to go through the mountains. I do not think we
should find as good a route north of itas we should
find there.
1 do not pretend to make a motion to this effect.
I deaire to see the bill passed. I was prepared
to vote for the two routes, even with these ob-
noxious branches upon them under protest, and
without any disposition to quarrel with the Sen-
ator from Minnesota for saying it is a bill of abom-
inations. There is too much truth in that remark.
There are too many provisions in it that cannot
well be defended, for us to say it is not liable to
very strong and very serious objection, t have
made up my mind to vote for it, after such mod-
ifications as we can get; but it is about as strong
a pull upon my conscicnco as I am prepared to
endure. If we are going still to accumulate more
and more, branch after branch, and a new road,
I will give no guarantees that I shall vote for the
bill in the shape it may finally assume. I would
rather lop off than increase. I would rather con- I
centrate upon one central route, with only one |
branch to the southwest, and the other to the )
northwest, than to add to it; and yet I cannot say |
that the people on this northern route have not !
just as high a claim as they have upon either of
the other routes, if we are going beyond what is
really essential for military purposes.
I suggest, to the friends of the bill, that we must
vote upon the various propositions with a view
to national interests, and not with a view to mere
local interests that may be protected by the va-
rious amendments.
Mr. LANE. If I understood the Senator from
Minnesota- he said he should like to hear my
views on this subject. The discussion, the other
day, on the amendment of the Senator from Lou- !
isiana, [Mr. Benjamin,] satisfied me that the Sen- j
ate believed it was necessary foi the defense of i
the country to build these railroads. Under that !
power,! have no doubt Congress can make roads
for that purpose. If it is necessary for the de-
fense of the country, a road along the border near
Mexico, it appears to mo, would be proper; that
is, the southern road. If these roads should be
necessary for military purposes, it must be by an
interruption of the relations between our Govern-
ment and Mexico on the one side, and our Gov-
ernment and Great Britain on the other, or with
foreign Powers that would attempt to blockade
our coast. I look upon the southern route as.
necessary for military defense in the event of war
from that side, or an attempt to blockade that
coast. The route is a good one. I have traveled
over it; and 1 believe every gentleman who has
traveled over it will join me in saying that there
is very little obstruction—scarcely any impedi-
ment at all. You may drive in a buggy, on a
trot, over every mile of the country that I passed
over on that route.
Then, sir, the northern route, I am sure, is a
very practicable one, and would terminate, as pro-
vided by this amendment, at Puget Sound, the
finest sheet of water on the face of the earth. The
country east of the mountains and up the Mis-
souri river is generally level; and until you strike
the Rocky Mountains, it presents very little ob-
struction to the building of a road, rrom Fort
Benton, on the navigable waters of the Missouri,
to Fort Walla-Walla, on the Columbia river,
upon the border ofOregon and Washington, and
only a short distance from PugetSound, it is only
six hundred miles. By this statement you see,
Mr. President, that a railroad on that route is
practicable, and would be necessary for the de-
fense of the country.
The central route is the great route; and I look
upon it as the route for the defense of San Fran-
cisco, and all that portion of California—of which
it may be said to be the center—and for the de-
fense of the Salt Lake and the Pike's Peak coun-
try, It would be the business route, at any rate,
for many years. The distance from the contem-
plated southern route to the northern route pro-
vided for by the amendment, is some fifteen
degrees of latitude—a rough country to travel over
—and neither one road nor the other would an-
swer the purpose. The southern road would not
answer the purpose of the defense of our north-
ern frontier, nor would the northern road answer
for the defense of the southern frontier.
When this bill was first presented here, I was
very much opposed to it; and I doubted, as I do
yet, very seriously our right to pass it; certainly
we cannot do so unless it is necessary for the de-
fense of the country. I put it on that ground, and
on that ground alone can I vote for it. Since the
bill came here, it has been amended and very
much changed; many guards have been thrown
around it. It is a much safer bill than it was when
it came from the House of Representatives. Be-
sides, a provision is now made for a branch from
the central line to Portland in the State of Oregon,
very near to the line dividing Oregon from Wash-
ington Territory. I shall feel it my duty, therefore,
to vote for the bill without this amendment; but
believing that these extreme portions of the coun-
try ought to be provided for, the North as well
as the South, and the South as well asthe North,
I fuel inclined to vote for the amendment offered
by the Senator from Minnesota, knowing that his
route is practicable, and seeing that that road will
be needed, in the event of a war with Great Brit-
ain, for the protection of that portion of your coast
bordering on Puget Sound, and for all the country
lying on the line.
I only make these remarks to give my views
about the practicability of the several routes. The
northern route is very practicable, and so is the
southern. The central route will be a pretty heavy
one,but it is practicable; and the road can be made,
and will be very useful.
Mr. CLINGMAN. If I understand this mo-
tion, it is to strike out the Texas line and insert—
[" Oh, no!"}
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Asthe amend-
ment has been modified, it is simply to add the
sections which have been read; not to strike out
any portion of the biil.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Then the explanation
which I was about to make not necessary.
Mr. SIMMONS. I have not had an opportu-
nity to examine the details of this bill; but I nm
perfectly clear that it would add greatly to the
