I860.]
ATPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
36th Cong.... 2d Sess.
State of the Union—Mr. Pugh.
Senate.
wagon roads.
After making my last annual report, in which
I tated that the work on the Port jKearny, South
Pass, and PonoyLake road might be regarded
as completed, I became satisfied of the inadequate
supply of water along that portion of the route
lying, between Lasson's meadows, on the Hum-
boldt river, and the western terminus, near Honey
Lake valley, and that the stock and families of
the vast number of emigrants who had already
passed over this road suffered greatly from this
deficiency. I gave instructions to the superin-
tendent in April last, to expend a portion of the
remaining funds in proper works for the collec-
tion and preservation of water, and I have now
the honor to report the entire completion of this
emigrant road. The final report of the superin-
tendent is daily expected.
The zeal and indomitable energy with which
this work has been prosecuted, through several
years, by the superintendent, reflect the highest
credit upon him. No officer could have performed
this arduous duty with more ability and fidelity
to the Government. His successful efforts to
impiove this great highway between the Missis-
sippi valley and the Pacific slope, by changing its
location from rugged and barren to more inviting
regions, will be duly appreciated by the hardy
emigrants who will enjoy its advantages.
The work was also resumed upon the El Paso
and Fort Yuma road, under a special contract, in
May last, with a view to improve the grades, and
collect and preserve water along the route, from
Ojo Excavado and the Pimos villages. The work
has been finished, and a detailed report is expected
at an early day.
boundaries.
The commission for surveying the boundary
lines between the Territories of the United States
and Texas have completed the field work, and the
commission is now engaged upon and will soon
complete the office work.
1 am gratified to state that the commissioner
has conducted this work with an ability and econ-
omy which entitle him to the approbation of the
country. The extent of the lines, all of which
have been t*un and marked, except fifty-five miles
on the Llano Estacado, which could not be sur-
veyed from physical c.auses, is about eight hun-
dred and twenty-one miles, and the general des-
titution of the country exposed the commission
to severe hardships and privations.
The report of the commissioner, when com-
pleted, will exhibit much interesting information
respecting the regions of country passed through,
more particularly of the famed Llano Estacado,
(staked plain,) and the valley of the Pecws river,
through which a practical wagon road was dis-
covered by the commission, from Delaware creek
to Anton Chico.
Under the act approved May 20, I860, author-
izing a survey of the boundary lines between the
Territories of the United States and the Suite of
California, a commission has been organized and
directed to cooperate with such agents as might
be selected by the authorities of the State of Cal-
ifornia. Owing to the great distance from the field
of operations, and the lateness in the season at
which the work was commenced, the Department
is not advised of the progress made; but it is be-
lieved the party are now engaged in ascertaining
and determining the initial point, which is at the
intersection of the thirty-fifth parallel of north
latitude with the Colorado river, and in making
an exploration of the country through which the
line will run.
During my connection with the Department of
the Interior, nothing has afforded me more satis-
faction than the marked ability and fidelity of its
bureau officers, and the intelligence and general
good conduct of its corps of clerks. They have
possessed my confidence, and by the industry,
integrity, and sense of justice which have been
evinced, they have fully deserved it. In the ad-
ministration of its affairs 1 have been ably advised
and cordially sustained by them, and it gives me
pleasure thus to bring to your notice my appre-
ciation of the value of their services.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
J. THOMPSON, Secretary.
To the President.
STATE OF THE UNION.
SPEECH OF HON. GEO. E. PUGH,
OF OHIO,
In the Senate, December 20, 1860.
The Senate having under consideration, as in Commit-
tee of the Whole, the joint resolution (S. No. 48) intro-
duced by Mr. Johnson, of Teunes&ec, proposing certain
amendments to the Constitution of the United States-
Mr. PUGH said: James Madison, who re-
corded with so much fullness and accuracy the
protracted debates of the convention which formed
the Constitution of the United States, at the close
of his labors thought it not beneath the dignity
of a historian to report an anecdote, scarcely less
memofablc from the fact that he reported it, than
from its connection with two of the most illustri-
ous characters of the time. He tells us, that
while the members of the convention were sign-
ing the Constitution, on Monday, the 17th of
September, 1787, Dr. Franklin, looking towards
the President's chair, at the back of which arising
sun happened to be painted, observed to a few
members near him that painters had found it diffi-
cult to distinguish, in their art, a rising from a
setting sun. I have, said he, often and often, in
the course of the session, and in the vicissitudes
of my hopes and fears as to its issue, looked at
that behind the President, without being able to
tell whether it was rising or setting; but now, at
length, I have the happiness to know that it is a
rising, and not a setting, sun. (Madison Papers,
vol. 3, page 1624.)
Senators, our millions of constituents, with all
the nations of the civilized world as witnesses,
arc gazing at the lurid sky overhead,fearing,and
almost expecting, that the sun which Franklin
saw rising behind the cluur of Washington, will
be at once, and forever, extinguished in mid-
heaven, instead of continuing to shine more and
more brightly, if not in endless day, until we, and
our children, and our children's children, have
perished and been forgotten.
My colleague, [Mr. Wade,] in addressing the
Senate on Monday last, told us that when he left
his home in Ohio, he had heard of no discontent,
and apprehended no evil; that all seemed to be
quiet and prosperous and cheerful. Such was not
my fortune, nor was such the condition of the
people with whom I reside, and whom I more es-
pecially represent. Oil the contrary, for a month
jiast, in the city of Cincinnati, we have listened,
from day to day, while strange tempests gathered
and muttered above us. It is a year of plentiful
harvests, and yet all the departments of our trade
and industry are obstructed, and all our energies
arc paralyzed. Laboring men find no employers;
merchants have no customers; and property of
every description is depreciated almost beyond
example. The credit and the confidence of a great
commercial center have sustained some shock ot
unwonted violence. My colleague cannot per-
suade me, therefore, that all is well, and that
those who are alike his constituents and nune,in
the southern porlion of Ohio, have only to fold
their arms and assure themselves that no mis-
chief is about to happen.
As to the causes of so much calamity, if the
resolution proposed by the Senator from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Powell] had been adopted at once,
and as my distinguished friend from Illinois [Mr.
Douglas] pertinently suggested, in a spirit of
concord, with no crimination from either side, I
would not now allude to them. But my colleague
does not permit me thus to remain silent. He
has, himself, put the Republican party upon trial;
and, without -waiting for any attack, has chal-
lenged the entire Senate to say wherein the lead-
ers of that party are at all lesponsible for what
has occurred, or what may shortly occur; an-
nouncing, in the same br.eath, that he, at least, has
no terms of compromise to propose or to accept.
He assumes that, inasmuch as it never had the
administration of our Federal Government, the
accession of his party to power, on the 4th of
March next, can afford no reasonable ground for
complaint. Certainly, sir, that is no ground of
complaint; but it is, and may be, ground for
apprehension and alarm. The very fact that a
political party has attained control of any Govern-
ment, for the first time, is enough to provoke
inquiry and uneasiness. That must be the case
in regard to all parties; and it is especially the
case when, as we have been told so frequently,
here and elsewhere, all past maxims of adminis-
tration are to be dispensed with, and all past
usages abolished.
But the real cause of apprehension, as my col-
league must be aware, lies deeper than that. No
complaint of injustice or unfaithfulness, hereto-
fore, in administering the Federal Government,
is made by the people of the slaveholding States;
they have been satisfied with it, or, at least,
ninety-nine hundredths ofthem have been. Their
apprehension is from the conduct of the Repub-
lican party in the States of which it has had ab-
solute control, for years past, that it will so ad-
minister the Government of the United States
hereafter, as to undermine their institutions, di-
minish their prosperity, and even destroy their
tranquillity and happiness.
My colleague declares that all such apprehen-
sions are unfounded, and that his party aoes not
intend to impair the security or the prosperity of
the slaveholding States in any manner. Well,
Mr. President, I hope that is so; and in order to
prove it—in order that misapprehension may be
corrected—I call upon him and his fellow-parti-
sans here in the Senate to redress those griev^
arices which have been inflicted, as well as to re-
move all causes of future uneasiness. Why not
express your intention by deeds, rather than by
mere words ? I do not ask it for their sake alone,
but for your sake and mine—for the sake of our
whole country, and of generations unborn. You
have elected a President of the United States;
and, as I dare soy, expect much at his hands. I
wish him to enter upon the duties of that office
not merely without opposition, but with the en-
tire confidence, the cordial good wishes, of the peo-
ple, South and North, whose Chief Executive
Magistrate he aspires to be.
My colleague is of opinion, however, that the
invincible distrust of the southern people in him,
and others like him, is due to the false accusations
of certain northern men; that if they would only
listen to Republican orators, or even read Repub-
lican newspapers, their minds would be altogether
disabused. The Senator from New Hampshire
[Mr. Hale] was greatly troubled also about these
same northern men, speaking of them, if 1 recol-
lect rightly, as " traitors" to their own section.
Well, Mr. President, as I do not see that Senator
in the Chamber, I will not say what otherwise
might have been appropriate. Eat the fact that
any northern man is a "traitor" to his own sec-
tion, in the estimation of the Republican leaders,
merely because he defends the rights of the south-
ern people—as he supposes them to be—under
a form of government in which the South and the
North have common interests; what accusation
could be made against the Republican party, in
the cars of a southern audience, or any audience
of fair-minded men anywhere, more condemna-
tory than that? And why should a citizen of '
Alabama credit me, for example, more than he
credits my colleague' He has accused me, and
those who act with me politically in the State of
Ohio, as much, at least, as we have ever accused
him and those who support him. What means
of gaining credence have we in the South or else-
where to which he and his followers have not
equal access? He cannot be ignorant of the fact,
that the opponents of the Democratic party in
every southern State were his political allies when
he belonged to the Whig party, and never were
mine. Nor can he shut Ins eyes to the fact, that
rather than unite with me. and with the Demo-
cratic party of Ohio, m the late presidential can-
vass, a large majority of Democrats in every
slaveholding State, except Missouri, voted for
other candidates. What absolute folly, therefore,
to pretend that the South can be any more prone
to believe my accusations against Kim, except
from their intrinsic truth, than to believe his ac-
cusations against me !
Why, sir, the whole Senate listened to the
speech of my colleague on Monday last. Those
Senators who represent the slaveholding States,
do they not hear him and his fellow-partisans
from day to day and from year to yflfer? Is thei-e
no record of his votes; no report of his sayings
here and elsewhere? Cannot the southern people
