1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
613
popularity and strength of the measure in the
country to put on this northern road. I intend,
if I can get an opportunity before this bill passes,
if the provision is not already in it, to propose
that separate books be opened for subscriptions
for each of these three roads 5 and that whenever
there shall be half money enough subscribed by
individuals to build either one of them, the Gov-
ernment of the United States shall subscribe the
other half. That will test the sincerity of the
stockholders. I have no idea, myself, of voting
$100,000,000 to any corporation for any road,
and then not have any control over it after they
have expended our money. It is a great deal of
money; but 1 believe it will be a valuable invest-
ment, if we have any legislative power over the
road, to prevent it from being made a monopoly
and a corporation for taxing the rest of us through
our lives. I would give no corporation that power;
but I would be willing to make provision in the
bill that a fair toll shall be charged, so as to allow,
say, an income of twelve per cent, upon each
road, and when they got it to that, the Government
should have power to reducc the tolls. The Gov-
ernment having some interest in the dividends,
there would be some motive for us to let them
make that much; but this offering of $100,000,000
to people to make a road, and then to let them
manage it and ingraft their projects upon it, with-
out any control on our part, I think is the most
unwise measure to which this Government could
give its sanction. I should be not only willing to
take one half the stock, as we did in the Louis-
ville and Portland canal, but I should be willing,
when they had paid in $1,000,000 in cash, and
expended it, to loan them another million upon
a mortgage of their half of the road, so that the
road itself would be three quarters of it built upon
the credit of the United States, who can raise
money at one half the rate of interest that any in-
dividual corporation can. In that way, one fourth
of the money coming out of the pockets of indi-
viduals would give them a sufficient individual in-
terest in each road to secure good management
and economy, and the Government would have
interest enough to participate and to see to this
road; see that the tolls are not too high; see that
the public are not imposed upon.
I believe that this central road, if it costs
$100,000,000, will pay twelve per cent, the first
year it starts, without the travel that now goes
between the States on the western side and those
on the eastern side of the Rocky Mountains. I
went over these figures a year or two ago, and I
satisfied myself that, according to the bill then
proposed, and the rates of fare there allowed, it
would pay $15,000,000 a year; and I have no
doubtof it. Take the Pike's Peak country, where
there are said to be sixty thousand people now.
If there was a railroad, there would be a hundred
thousand at work there every summer,and every
one of them would come home to live in winter.
They cannot do anything there in winter until
they build comfortable homes, and raise some-
thing to live on, and the miners would all return
when the weather was so that they could not sub-
sist comfortably there; but it is nearly a two
months'journey, I am told, or a journey of over
a month, at any rate, and therefore they have to
winter there. But if this railroad went through
that country, the travel would be increased four-
fold. There is no kind of doubt about that. I
hope a road will be provided for, and proper pro-
visions made to secure individual stockholders,
and responsible stockholders, to build at least half
of it; and I would not start a road unless it got
them. 1 have no doubt, with that security, we
shall insure abundant caution on the part of the
subscribers, and care and economy in the manage-
ment of these roads; and with that I think they
will be profitable.
Mr. TEN EYCK. I rise simply for the pur-
pose of making an explanation, as I intend to vote
m favor of this amendmen t, in view of the remarks
which I made one day last week, when I stated
that I would only vote for one road. I deem it
desirable to say, that I think the central route is
theprcferable one, and that the Governmentshould
only undertake to lend its aid in the construction
of the main trunk; but if more than one road is
to be constructed—or an opportunity is to be al-
lowed for the construction of more than one road
—I see no reason why there should not be an op-
portunity afforded for the construction of three—
a northern, a central, and a southern road. Inas-
much as I may not be able to vote for the bill us
it may finally Le put before the Senate, and I am
about to vote for this amendment, I think it proper
that I should make this explanation.
Mr. SIMMONS called for the yeas and nays;
and they were ordered, and taken.
Mr. CLARK, (who at first voted in the nega-
tive.) I misapprehended the question. I thought
the vote was simply upon striking out the south-
ern route, and therefore voted in the negative. I
understand now it is to add a northern road. I
change my vote.
The result was announced—yeas 22, nays 19;
as follows:
YEAS—Mesars. Anthony, Bingham, Bright, Chandler,
Clark, Collamer, Doolittle, Durkce. Fessenden, Foot, King,
Lane, Mm rill, Powell, Rice, Simmons Sumner, Ten Eyck,
Trumbull, Wade, Wilkinson, and Wilson—22.
NAYS—Messrs. Baker, Bigler, Bragg, Cameron, Cling-
man, Crittenden, Dixon, Foster, Green, Grimes, Gwin,
IJaildn, Hemphill, Johnson of Tcnncs&ee, Latham, Nich-
olson, Polk, Saulsburv, and Wigfall—19.
So the amendment was adopted.
Mr. WILSON. I move to amend the thirteenth
section of the bill, which relates to the southern
route, in the eleventh and twelfth lines, by strik-
ing out, " at or near San Francisco," so that the
section will-read:
And by the nearest and best route to the Pacific ocean.
I propose, also, to strike out "at or near San
Francisco," in the thirty-third line of the four-
teenth section; and as we have amended the bill
by adding another road to it which will cost a
very large sum of money, I move to strike out
''thirty-six" and insert "twenty-five" in the
thirty-fourth line of the fourteenth section. By
doing this, we shall give to the central road
$60,000,000; to the southern road §25,000,000;
and to the northern road $25,000,000; which will
make the whole sum $110,000,000.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foster
in the chair.) The question is on the amend-
ment to the thirteenth section, proposed by the
Senator from Massachusetts.
Mr. WILSON. I will briefly explain this
amendment. The central route goes to San Fran-
cisco, and in reality, I think myself, it is the only
road we ought to undertake to build at this time.
Still, I understand we cannot get a bill through of
that kind, simple and alone. We propose to
grant a certain quantity of land, and $60,000,000
for that road, t look upon it as the great road.
It goes to San Fiancisco, across the ccntral regions
of the continent. The southern route is alto-
gether through the Territories and through Texas,
and a portion of California, to San Francisco, and
the bill gives for that, $36,000,000 and a certain
amount of land. I propose that, instead of going
to San Francisco, that road shall go to the Pacific
ocean, wherever the company choose to carry it
across the country, coming out at San Diego or
anywhere else they choose, and that they shall
have the sum of $25,000,000 to build the southern
route. We have adopted an amendment which
adds the northern route, from Lake Superior to
Puget Sound, with a branch, I think, and we pro-
pose to give to that road $25,000,000. Now, if
my amendment be adopted, we shall give the
southern road $25,000,000, and the northern road
$25,000,000, and the central road $60,000,000, j
making $110,000,000, and it is a pretty large sum 1
of money for us to vote at this time. Therefore, I
I propose the amendment in this way, leaving the i
cential route to go to San Francisco, and the !
southern route to touch the Pacific o?ean, where- j
ever the company choose to go, say at San Diego, 't
or perhaps by the time they get the road built, ;
they will want to come out at Guayamas, or some ;
other point on the coost.
Mr. GWIN. I hope the Senator from Mas- •
sachusetts will so modify his amendment as to*|
strike out of the bill all but the central road. I [
have heard a great many Senators express a pief- ;
eience in favor of one road. If there are really j
enough friends of the Pacific railroad to pass •
through a bill providing for but one road, let us |
try that. Instead of packing this bill down, and !
destroying it, let us see if we cannot get clear of |-
encumbrances. If the motion be made, I will vote
to strike out all but one route.
Mr. GRIMES. I make that motion.
Mr. BAKER. I will second it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There ia an
amendment pending.
Mr. GWIN. If the Senator from Massachu-
setts will withdraw his amendment, we can try it.
Mr. WILSON. I withdraw my amendment
for the purpose of having a motion made which
will limit the bill to a provision for thcgreatcen*
! tral road across the continent, giving land and
j $60,000,000 for that road, and let the northern and
j southern roads go.
Mr. GWIN. That strikes out all of the bill
after the ninth section, I think.
Mr. GRIMES. I make that motion.
Mr. BRAGG. All after the twelfth section,
j Mr. GWIN. Strike out all from the thirteenth
| section.
j Mr. BRAGG. What will become of the branch
! to Oregon ?
Mr. CLARK. Docs that get rid of the amend-
ment which I proposed to the last section?
Mr. GWIN. No, sir; that is an additional
section, which was put on as an amendment. The
motion is to strike out all of the original billaftet
the twelfth section, leaving only provision for a
road on one route—the central route.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That docs not deliver
you from the northern route which has just been
added.
Mr. GWIN. Yes, it does.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion is
to strike out all after the twelfth section of the
original bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That would strike out the
amendment which has just been adopted, provid-
ing; for a northern route. I apprehend it is not in
order to make that motion. I should be very
glad to have an opportunity of voting for the one
route, but, it seems to me, it cannot be reached
in this way; we must wait until we get into the
Senate. We have just adopted an amendment
for a northern route. Now, is it competent to
turn round and move to strike that out?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Not by itself.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Can you couple some-
thing else with it, and move to strike it out?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair is
of opinion that that can be done. The question
is on striking out all after the twelfth section of
the original bill.
Mr. WILKINSON called for the yeas and
nays; and they wore ordered.
Air. LATHAM. I cannot give my consent to
this amendment, for the reason that from the
commencement of the discussion upon this bill
I have consistently advocated the construction
of two roads, and I am unwilling now to depart
from that policy. It is immaterial to me, as I
stated on a previous occasion, where these routes
commence and where they end. I care not where
they start on the respective sides. I am unwill-
ing, at this time, to depart from the course I have
heretofore adopted on this measure. If I was
satisfied that it was utterly impossible to pass a
bill which would please all the sections, (which I
am not as yet,) I certainly would vote for but one
route, becausc the people of the Stat® that X rep-
resent want a road, and not roads; and the only
reason why, heretofore, I have advocated theestab-
lishment of two roads, as I before stated, is that
it better reconciled all conflicting interests than
any other scheme which could possibly be pro-
posed. Whenever I am satisfied that cannot bo
done, I shall be prepared to give a vote for a sin-
gle route.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 22, nays 25; as follows:
YI3A8—Messrs. Anthony, Baker, Bingham, Chandler,
f lark, Collamer. Durkee, Fessenden, Foot, Foster, Grimes,
Gwin.llaiian, King, Morrill, folk,Simmons,Sumner,Ten
ek,' Timnlml), Wade, and Wilson—22.
Messrs. Uigler, Bragg, Bright, Olingman, Crit-
tenden, DKon. Doolmie, Douglas, Green, Hemphill, Iluti-
ter, Johnson of Tennessee, Lane, Latham, Nicholson,
I'eau.-e, Powell, Pngli, Rice, yaulsbury, Sebastian, Seward,
Thomson, Wisrfuti, and Wilkuison—25.
So the motion to strike out did not prevail.
Mr. WILSON. I now renew the amendment
which I before offered.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment will be read.
The Secretary read the amendment: In section
thirteen, lines eleven and twelve, strike out "at
or near San Francisco;" so that the clause will
read:
And by tlie nearest and best route to the Pacific ocean.
And in section fourteen, line thirty-two, strike
out 11 <it or riet\r Snn Francisco;" and in line thir-
