616
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 29,
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Not separately;
but, in the opinion of the Chair, a motion to strike
out those with other matter would be in order.
Mr, HALE. I think the Chair is right.
Mr. GREEN. A separate vote is reserved on
the northern route, and you have a right to strike
out the southern route; and that will accomplish
what the*Senator from Illinois wants.
Mr. CHANDLER. I wish to ask whether
the first amendment has been excepted ? It is in
lino seven, of the first section, after the word
" Missouri," to insert the words:
" At the mouth of the Kansas river; and proceeding
thence up the valley of &aiti river, to the vicinity of Fort
Riley."
Mr. GWIN. That has not been excepted.
Mr. CHANDLER. I wish to except it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That will also
be noted.
Mr. POLK. There was another amendment
offered by the Senator from Wisconsin, [Mr.
Doolittle,] in consequence of the adoption of
that amendment. I suppose the two will go to-
gether.
Mr. CHANDLER. Where was that amend-
ment?
Mr. POLK. In the same section; it requires
the road to pass " at or near Fort Kearny."
Mr. CHANDLER. I except that likewise.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secretary
will note that also.
Mr. LATHAM. I do not wish to be under-
stood as excepting that portion of the first section
which refers to the associates of the subscribers
and corporators. It is merely the additional
names that I wish to except.
The amendments not excepted were concurred
in; there being, on a division—ayes twenty-seven,
noes not counted.
Mr. GWIN. Now Jet us take separate votes
on the excepted amendments in their order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
suggest, to save time, that the amendments bo
taken up in their order. The first amendment
excepted will be read.
The Secretary read it: To insert after the word
" Missouri," in line seven of the first section, the
words " at the m^uth of the Kansas river, and
proceeding thence up the valley of said river to
the vicinity of Fort Riley:" so that the section
will read:
That to insure the sate, certain, and speedy tran-iporta-
tion of mulls, troop?, and public btorcs from the western
border of what Is called our western States, by railroad, to
wit: starting from two points, one on the western border
of the Slate of Missouri, at the mouth of the Kansas river,
and proceeding tbeneo up the valley of said viver to the viein-
ity of Fort Uilcy, and the other on the western border of
Iowa, with two converging lines bearing westward and
uniting within two hundred miles of tbeMi&souii liver,
Mr. POLK. That takes in the amendment in
lino eleven, to insert " at or near Fort Kearny."
Mr. CHANDLER. I hope the Senate will not
concur in that amendment. I think it should be
left to the company to select their route, and to
say where it shall commencc. There is already
a railroad communication open to St. Joseph,
winch is, I think, some forty or fifty miles fur-
ther west than the point here named; and by going
to St. Joseph, the building of some forty or fifty
miles of railroad may be saved. That may not be
the best terminus, or it may; I think it should be
left open to the contractors to decide whether they
will terminate their road at St. Joseph, or at Kan-
sas City, where there is no connecting road, or
wherever it is for their interests and the interests
of the country to locate it. So far as the Fort
Kearny amendment is concerned, I can see no
reason whatever for that. There is simply a
wagon roud there, that costs nothing or next to
nothing to build; and I sec no reason at all for
taking this railroad there.
Mr. POLK. 1 do not propose to discuss this
matter now. I merely wish to correct a misap-
prehension that I think the Senator from Mich-
igan is under. I have already said, when the Sen-
ate was in Committee of the WhoTe, on this
amendment all that 1 propose to say, except that
I think the Senator is mistaken in the distance;
and he is also mistaken when he gives the Senate
the impression, as 1 think lie does, that starting
it at or near the mouth of the Kansas would not
givp it a railroad connection. It connects there
with the Pacific railroad of Missouri, now nearly
finished, and on which the State of Missouri has
spent not only hundreds of thousands, but mil-
lions of dollars, which will he complete very soon
to the city of St. Louis.
Mr. CHANDLER. That road is not yet com-
pleted.
Mr. POLK. It will be completed before the
other is begun.
Mr. CHANDLER. Then I was mistaken in
that regard. I supposed there was no railroad
connection there, and liencc this terminus would
be of no use-. But, though there may be railroad
connection at this point, it is better that it should
be left to the option of this company to terminate
it where it is to their best interest, either at St.
Joseph, or at Kansas City, as they may see lit. A
railroad is already completed from St. Joseph to
Philadelphia, Baltimore, New York, and all the
great cities; and J think it should be left to the
discretion of the company to terminate their road
where it is for their interest to do so. I hope the
amendment will not bo concurred in.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is: " Will the Senate concur in the amendment?"
The amendment was concurred in.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The next
amendment is in section one, in line eleven, after
"Missouri river," to insert "at or near Fort
Kearny."
Mr. POLK and Mr. LATHAM. That was
included in the last.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will be con-
sidered as included in the other vote, unless a sep-
arate vote is asked. ["Agreed."] The next
amendmentis to insert after " California,"in the
fifteenth line of the first section:
Thenco branching noith through the valleys of Sacra-
mento and Rogue rivers, Umpqua and Willamette, to Port-
land, in Oregon ; and for the construction of this branch a
grant of alternate sections of land for six miles on each
side of said road is hereby made, to be selected, in odd num-
ber^ from the neaie&t unoccupied and unappiopriatcd ag-
ricultural huuK
Mr. LANE. I suppose no one will have any
objection to changing the word "north" to
" northerly" in that amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That change
will be made by common consent.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. That is an amendment to
the bill, which I desired to have excepted. 1 will
state, in a single word, my objection to it. By
an amendment which has been made to the bill,
a route has been added from Lake Superior to
Puget Sound, with a branch to Portland, this
same point. This is a railroad, in fact, in the State
of California and in the State of Oregon, running
parallel with the coast of the Pacific ocean, about
four hundred miles in length. It is a railroad en-
tirely within the States, an addition to the length
of the line of some four hundred miles. If there
were simply a grant of land to the States of Cali-
fornia and Oregon to aid in the construction of
that road, I would freely vote for such a grant;
but as it comes in as a part of this bill, the money
grant also, as I suppose, goes with it; and there-
fore I cannot vote for it.
Mr. GREEN. The aggregate amount of money
appropriated is not increased one dollar by this
amendment. Therefore they can get nothing but
the land. The limitation still continues.
Mr. LANE. I will not discuss the importance
of this extension—I did that before—but I will
simply ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. PUGII. I shall vote for this amendment,
because the Senate have refused to agree to the
motion of the Senator from Louisiana, [Mr. Ben-
jamin,] to strike out so much of the bill as pro-
vides for the construction of railroads within the
States of Texas and California. I can see no
reason why we should not extend an equal de-
gree of favor to Oregon. 1 am opposed to the
whole of it. I do not intend to vote for the bill
as long as any provision is made for the construc-
tion of any road in any State; bnt still, the bill
containing provisionsfor th<* construction of roads
in Texas and California, I see no reason why
Oregon should not have equal favor; and there-
fore, while I am against the whole system, I shall
vote for this amendment.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 28, nays 22; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Baker, IJuyard, Bragg. Bright, Cling-
m-ui, Douglas, Fitch, Foot, Green, Gwin, Hemphill, Hun-
ter, Johnson ot Aikantas, Kennedy, Lane. Latham, Mason,
Nicholson, Peaice, Polk, Powell, Pugh, Ilice, Saulsbury,
Sebastian, Thomson, Wigfall, and YVilkinson—28.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Chandler, Clark, CoJIamer,
Crittenden, Dixon, Doolittie, Durkee, Fessenden, Foster,
Grime?, Hale, Harlan, King, Morrill, Seward, Simmons,
Sumner, Ten Eyek, Trumbull, Wade, and Wilson—92.
So the amendment was concurred in.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secretary
will read the next amendment.
Mr. GWIN. I hope that the reading of the
next amendment will be dispensed with. It is
merely as to the insertion of names. It is un-
necessary to read them.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Question
is on concurring in the amendment made as in
Committee of the Whole, inserting the names of
individuals in the first section of the bill.
Mr. CHANDLER. Is it in order to move to
insert another name before that is acted on?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair-
thinks not.
The amendment was concurred in.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The next
amendment is in section one, line one hundred
and four,after the word " constructed," to insert
" nor until said acts of incorporation shall have
been submitted to and approved by the Congress
of the United States,"
Mr. GWIN. I propose to amend that amend-
ment, by striking it all out except the word " nor,"
and inserting " if said act of incorporation shall
be disapproved by the Congress of the United
States at the ensuing session." My object is to
give the next session of Congress the control of
this question. That is to say, if they disapprove
ofthese acts ofincorporation, let Congress say so,
and nullify the action that may be taken under
this law up to that time; but I want to make the-
legislation positive on the part of the next Con-
gress, and not give the power of delaying the
work, putting it off for years, and thereby defeat-
ing the object of the bilf.
Mr. BRAGG. I hope the Senate will not agree
to the amendment of the Senator from California.
I think it completely emasculates the amendment
which I offered, and which was" adopted in Com-
mittee of the Whole, and makes it virtually
amount to nothing. It will be observed that the
amendment offered by the Senator from Califor-
nia does not even require these acts ofincorpora-
tion to be submitted to Congress. How we are
to get them here I do not know. The amend-
ment, instead of requiring these acts of incorpora-
tion to be submitted to Congress, and approved by
Congress at its next session, only provides that
the title to the lands and the bonds granted to the
company shall not vest until they are incorpo-
rated, "nor if said acts of incorporation shall be
disapproved by the Congress of the United States
at the ensuing session/' but it does not require
them to be submitted to Congress at all; there is
no provision in the amendment offered by the
Senator from California to that effect. It is a
very ingenious way, it seems tome,of completely
emasculating the amendment which I offeredyand
making it amount to nothing. The acts of incor-
poration never will be submitted here under this
amendment, and we shall hardly know what they
are, certainly not officially; and it seems to me
that in that shape it will amount to just nothing
at all. If there is anything in the argument the
Senator has urged, that the gentlemen who under-
take to build this road will not know what to be
at, it applies with just as much force to hisamend-
ment as to mine, if his amendment amounts to
anything; because Congress still has control,and
has the right to disapprove all these acts of incor-
poration. How, in what way, they are to signify
their disapproval; how much or what part of these
acts, if they disapprove of them, is to be effectual,
and what part is to be ineffectual? the amendment
does not provide. In other words, as I said just
now, in my humble judgment, it is a very inge-
nious way of getting rid of the amendment which
the Senate, after full consideration, incorporated
into the biil when acting as in Committee of the
Whole.
Mr. GWIN. My only object is to have this
question definitively settled at the next session.
Certainly the Congress of the United States can
command all these acts of incorporation to bo
placed before them, and no doubt will do it, if
they wish to investigate them. It puts a kind of
guard over the matter, and fixes a time for the law
to go into operation in the event that Congress
does not disapprove the acts of incorporation.
