I860.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
33
36xh Cong....2d Sess.
State of the Union—Mr. Pugh.
Senate.
in less than a month. Is thatall? I know not.
God only knows. Wc may acquiesce in the sep-
aration of six, eight, or twelve States; acquiesce
peaceably, and make such division as we choose,
or can make, of the property owned by all the
States in common. That happens ordinarily with
persons who cannot be reconciled. Or—and that
is what I hope and fondly desire—we can so ad-
just all controversy in regard to fugitive slaves,
in regard to slavery in the Territories, m regard
to the protection and domestic tranquillity of the
slaveholding States, as to prevent further separa-
tion. We may retain all the States, except South
Carolina; and in time, if not immediately, win her
back. She has acted rashly, and, I might almost
say, ungovernably; but she has acted in a moment
of overwhelming apprehension. Or, last of all, wc
can wage war on South Carolina, and on every
other State which secedes. The Senator from
Illinois [Mr. Trumbull] inquired, this morning,
who had proposed to make war. Well, sir, war
generally makes itself, and before the parties in-
tend it. Congress may declare war; may declare
that war actually exists, or shall exist; but the
shedding of blood is scarcely an affair of so much
calculation.
It is not of the slightest consequence, in my
estimation, whether we send the Army of the
United States to disperse the Legislature or the
convention of South Carolina, or, as 1 understood
my friend from Tennessee [Mr. Johnson] to pro-
pose on yesterday, send it to carry the mails in
that State; whether we make hostile demonstra-
tions against the city of Charleston, or insist on
levying taxes from a people who do not, and will
not, obey our Government. It can make no dif-
ference. We are not children; and we ought to
be men of practical sense. Why endeavor to dis-
guise a fact with mere words ? 1 care not whether
you call it coercion, or collecting the revenue, or
defending public property, or enforcing the laws:
you know, and I know, that it means war; and
that war will follow it. South Carolina will be
supported by other States; and, in a little while,
by all in which slavery exists. 1 call upon you,
Senators, from the northern and from the south-
ern extremes, to remember those of us whose
homes and families are upon the border of the
slaveholding and non-slaveholding States. As-
sist us in averting a calamity which must fall
chiefly upon us; you may reason upon the sub-
ject; we cannot.
Mr. President, I do not engage in the discus-
sion whether or not South Carolina, or any other
State, can rightfully secede from the Confedera-
tion. I will not stretch forth my hand rashly to
draw aside the vail behind which I know there
stands the Atlas of State ereignty, support-
ing upon lus shoulders alone the entire lirmament
of our Federal system. That giant has been mule
for nearly the life of a generation; but, if you will
listen, he seems to move uneasily, and as if he
were about to speak. I do not wish to hear his
voice; it is the voice of the earthquake or the ava-
lanche. Instead of putting aside the vail which
now hides him, I content myself with reading the
inscription, which should warn every man not to
intrude,unnecessarily,into those sacred precincts:
" The enumeration, m the Constitution, of ccrtain rights,
shall not he comU'ued to deny or disparage others retained hy
the people. The 'powers not delegated to the United States
by the Constitution, nor prohibited by it to the States, are
reserved to the States respectively, or to the people
If my honorable friend from Tennessee [Mr.
Johnson] ever has occasion to speak on the sub-
ject again, | advise him to look in the Constitu-
tion, not for the authority of a State to secede,
but for a prohibition of it.
Lot us by all means avoid the discussion of
such topics; they do not belong to us. In Great
Bntam, questions of constitutional law are only
questions of principle, because Parliament is said
to be omnipotent; and a law may be unconstitu-
tional without being void. But in our country
of written constitutions and .limited legislative
powers, we are so much accustomed to compare
text with text merely, that we argue the most
solemn issues rather as lawyers than as politi-
cians. The Senator from Texas [Mr. Wigfall]
appealed to me, for instance, to vindicate the
constitutional right of South Carolina to secede
without being attacked. Well, sir, when South
Carolina secedes—as I doubt not she will—what
New Series—No. 3.
further interest has she, by the terms of her own
argument, in the Constitution of the United States?
And if she should thus become, as she claims, a
wholly independent sovereignty, I must decide
all questions of peacc and war without any con-
sideration of her welfare—because she, by her
own act, excludes herself from my consideration
—and solely with regard to the welfare and inter-
ests of the States which remain. It is all a po-
litical and not a legal question. No constitution
ever included the means of its own destruction;
and nine tenths of the human family avoid making
wills or testaments, because they abhor the con-
templation of death. Whether a State can or
cannot secede, and what others may do toward
her, or she toward them—these are questions be-
hind the Constitution of the United States, and,
if I may so say without irreverence, far above it.
They are questions of political science, and not
of constitutional construction; questions upon
which empires are often dismembered and dynas-
ties overthrown. Our question should be one of
avoiding civil war; of restoring brotherhood and
peace; of rebuilding the Union upon its former
foundations. Why spend our precious moments
in abstract disquisition; m citing the text of con-
stitutions and laws; in searching old musty pre-
cedents, which can have no pertinency in so fear-
ful a crisis? I take leave to doubt, Mr. President
and Senators, whether it be the part of wisdom,
at any time, to decide upon controversies affecting
the life of our Government, or-the essential order
ofsociety, as if these were questions of customary
legislation, or could ever be resolved by processes
of strict and regular analysis. An eminent scholar,
as well as a profound metaphysician, Sir James
Mackintosh, has aptly admonished us on that
subject. I commend it to those who would wisely
ponder the issue of our time:
u The. causes which the politician lias to consider arc,
above all otheis, multiplied, mutable, minute, subtile, and,
if T may so c-peak, evanescent; perpetually changing their
form, and varying their combination- ; losing tlieirnatuie.
while they keep their name ; exhibiting the mo*t difl'eicnt
consequences in the endless variety of men and nations on
whom they operate; in one degree of strength producing
the mo>t signal benefit, and, under a slight variation of
circumstances, the most tremendous mischiefs. Titey ad-
mit, indeed, of being reduced to theory; but to'a theory
formed on the most extensive views, of the most compre-
hensive and iiexible principles, to embiace all their vane-
ties, and to fit all their rapid transmigrations—a theory of
which the rao^t fundamental maxim is distrust in itself,
and deference forpiactical prudence."—Discourse on the
Law of Nature and Nations.
And so, sir, in what 1 have been accustomed to
consider as one of the ablest numbers of the Fed-
eralist, written by Alexander Hamilton, I find
some words more immediately applicable. In
exhibiting the defects of the old Confederation,
Mr. Hamilton said:
"Even in those confederacies which have been com-
posed of mcmheis smaller than many of our counties, the
principle ol legislation lor soveieign States, supported by
mihtaty coercion, ha- never been lound effectual. It has
rarely been attempted to be employed but against the
weaker members ; arid in moot instance* attempts' to coeice
the icfractory and disobedient have been the signals of
bloody wais, m which one half of the confedciacy lias dis-
played its banners against the other."
lie argues thence the necessity of a new Gov-
ernment which can act upon individuals directly,
and anticipates the objection that the Legislature
of some State might interpose its authority to
defeat the execution of a Federal law. There is,
Ik; wisely observed, an important difference be-
tween non-action and interposition. If the Federal
Government cannot proceed without the assist-
ance of the State Legislatures—as it could not
under the Articles of Confederation—mere neglect,
or inattention, or carelessness, will consw ntly'frus-
trate all measures of common defense and general
welfare; whereas, in repaid to the interposition
of any State, affirmatively, he thought the in-
stances would be very few, and hardly capable of
redress. But you shall hear his own words:
aJf opposition to the national Government should arise
from the disorderly conduct of leltactoiy or seditious indi-
viduals, it could be overcome by the same moans which
are daily employed against the .^ame evil und^r the State
governments. The magistracy being equally the ministers
of the law of the land, trom whatever source it might ema-
nate, would doubtless be as ready to guard the national as
the local regulations fiom the inroads of private licentious-
ness. As to t!iosepaiti.il commotions and insmrections,
which sometimes disquiet society from the intngues of an
inconsiderable taction, or from sudden or occasional ill-
humors that do not affect the gieat body of the community,
the General Government could command more extensive
resources for the suppression of disturbances of that kind,
than would be in the power of any single member. And as
to those mortal feuds, which in certain conjunctures spread
a conflagration through a whole nation, or through a !Vfcry
large portion of it, proceeding either from weighty causes
of discontent given by the Government or from the conta-
gion of some violent popular paroxysm, they-do not fell
within any ordinary rules of calculation. When they hap-
pen they commonly amount to revolutions and dismem-
berments of empire. No form of government can always
either avoid or control them. It is in vain to hope toguard
against events too mighty for human foresight or precaution:
and it would be idle to object to a Government because it
could not perform impossibilities."
I will refer also to the authority of John Gtuincy
Adams. In his fourth annual message, on the
2d of December, 1828, alluding to the controversy
between the United States and the State of Georgia
respecting the Cherokee lands, Mr. Adams said:
" The United States of America, and the peopieof every
State of which they are composed, are each of them sov-
ereign Towers. The legislative authority of the whole is
exeicised by Congress under authority granted them in the
common Constitution. The legislative power of each State
is exercised by Assemblies deriving their authority from
the constitution of the State. Each is sovereign within its
own province. The distribution of power between theni
presupposes that these authorities will move in harmony
with each other. The members of the State and General
Government are all under oath to support both, and alle-
giance is due to the one and to the other. The case of a
conflict between these two Powers has not been supposed}
nor has any provision been made for it in our institutions,
as a virtuous nation of ancient times existed more than
five centuries without a law for the punishment of parri-
cide. „
"More than once, however, in the progress of our his-
tory, have the people and Legislatures of one or more
States, m moments of excitement, been instigated to this
conflict; and the means of effecting this impulse have been
allegations that the acts of Congress to be resisted were
unconstitutional. The people of no one State have ever
delegated to their Legislature the power of pronouncing an
act of Congress unconstitutional; but they have delegated
to them powers by the exercise of which the execution of
the laws of Congress within the State may be resisted. Xf
we suppose the case of such conflicting legislation sus-
tained by the con esponding executive and judicial author-
ities, patriotism and philanthropy turn their eyes from the
condition in which the parties would be placed, and from
that of the people of both, which must be its victims."
My friend from Tennessee laid great stress upon
the authority of Jackson. In the farewell ad-
dress of that eminent chieftain, March 3, 1837,
I find a paragraph worthy to be forever remem-
bered:
" But the Constitution cannot be maintained, nor the
Union preserved in opposition to public feeling, by the
mere exertion of the coercive powers confided to the Gen-
eral Government. The foundations must be laid in the
affections ol the people; in the security it gives to life,
libeity, character, and property, in every quarter of the
country ; and in the fraternal attachments which the citi-
zens ot the several States hear, one to the another, as mem-
beis of one political family, mutually contributing to pro-
mote the happiness of each other. Ilence, the citizens of
every State should studiously avoid everything calculated
to wound the sensibility or olfend the just pride of the peo-
ple of other States; and they should frown upon any pro-
ceedings within their own borders likely to disturb the
tianquilhty of their political brethren in other portions of
the Union. In a country so extensive as the United States,
and with pursuits so varied, the internal regulations of the
several States must frequently differ from one another in
important particulais; and this difference is unavoidably
increased by the varying principles upon which the Ameri-
can colonies were originally planted ; principles which had
taken deep loot in their social relations before the Revolu-
tion, and therefore, of necessity, influencing their policy
since they became free and independent States. But each
State has the unquestionable right to regulate its own in-
ternal concerns according to its own pleasure; and while
it does not interfere with the rights of the people of other
Stares, or the rights of the Union, every State must be the
sole judge of the measures proper to secure the safety of
its citizens and promote their happiness; and all efforts on
the part of the people ot other States to cast odium upon
their institutions, and all measures calculated to disturb
their rights of pioperty, or to put in jeopardy their peace
and internal tranquillity, are m direct opposition of the
spirit in which the Union was formed, and must endanger
it«s safety. Motives of philanthropy may be assigned for
this unwarrantable interference ; and weak men may per-
suade themselves, for a moment, that they are laboring in
the cause of humanity, and asserting the rights of the hu-
man lace; but everyone, upon sober reflection, will see
that nothing but mischief can come from these improper
ass.iulti upon the feelings and rights of others. Rest as-
sured, that the nien found busy in this work of discord are
not worthy of your confidence, and deserve your strongest
reprobation."
One more authority, Mr. President, and for my
colleague's benefit. Others may object to it, but
he cannot. On the 11th of June, 1858, the Sen-
ator from Georgia [Mr. Toombs] engaged in some
discussion with my colleague respecting the re-
served rights of the States. The Senator from
Georgia said:
" When this Government was formed there was great
difficulty, m the convention that fiameil the Constitution,
