1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
619
insert in lieu thereof " daily;" so that it will
read:
Provided, Thit tho contractor shall supply Denver City
and Salt Lake City daily without extia charge.
Mr. PHELPS. Mr. Speaker, the condition of
the Treasury admonishes us to endeavor to re-
duce the expenditures, of the Government, instead
of increasing them. If there was sufficient money
in the Treasury to defray the ordinary expenses
of the Government without resorting to the aid of
a loan, I should desire to see a daily overland
mail to the Pacific coast established; but in the
present condition of affairs, I am constrained to
oppose the proposition which is pending here.
The Secretary of the Treasury has communi-
cated to this House that, in addition to the reve-
nue derived from customs, from the sale of the
public lands, and fiom miscellaneous sou ices, and
in addition to the $>5,000,000 of Treasury notes
recently negotiated, he will need between this time
and the 30th of June next, $21,030,000 and up-
wards, in order to meet demands upon the Treas-
ury authorized by existing laws. This statement
is correct, as far as it goes, and was correct at the
time it was made; but the Secretary of the Treas-
ury has not embraced in that estimate the items
of expenditure which are proposed in the defi-
ciency bill, which has not yet become a law. The
amount of money appropriated in the deficiency
bill, as it passed the House of Representatives,
was the sum of $1,293,000. The Senate has added
to that, propositions involving £813,000. The
House of Representatives has recently passed a
bill appropriating the sum of $400,000 to defray
the expenses of Indian wars in the State of Cali-
fornia. In addition to that, we have an estimated
deficiency of $437,000 for defraying the expenses
of taking the ccnsus, which has to be met between
this and the 1st of July next. In other wouls,
then, if the deficiency bill stall becomc a law, and
if the House shall concur in the amendments
which the Senate has placed upon the bill,and if
the Senate shall pass the California war debt bill,
which passed this House without objection, and
which I presume will receive the sanction of the
Senate; and if we provide for this deficiency for
paying the marshals for making the enumeration
of the people of the United States, now due to
them, and which must be paid before the 1st of
July next, you will have added to the present lia-
bilities of the Government a sum of more than
two million five hundred thousand dollars. In-
stead, therefore, of being compelled by loans to
provide for the sum of $21,677,000, as estimated
by the Secretary of the Treasury, we must add
to that sum more than two million five hundred
thousand dollars; thus making it necessary for
the Government to borrow nearly twenty-four
million li\o hundred thousand dollars.
1 submit to the members of this House whether
they expect, in the present posture of affairs, that
an additional loan will be negotiated upon any
better terms than the late loan? Peihaps it may
be negotiated at the same rate of interest which
the last issue of Treasury notes bears, but cer-
tainly not at a rate of interest more than one or
one and a half per cent. less. Those notes were
negotiated at a iate of neaily eleven per cent.
But it is now proposed to provide lor this in-
creased postal service, to commence on the 1st of
July next, which is to be attended with an expense
of $>800,000 per annum. You have already in-
clined an expense of jd,500,000 for the calling
into service, some time dining tho ensuing sum-
mer and fall, of a regiment of mounted troops in
the State of Texas.
Then, again: on the $10,000,000 of Treasury
notes lately issued, there will be over a million
dollars of interest, payable m January or Febru-
ary next. The House of Representatives, it ap-
pears to me, has proceeded rather recklessly in
heaping up expenditures during this session of
Congress. I was pleased the other day to hear
the gent I' man from Pennsylvania, [Air. Ste-
vexs,] win n he was discussing this question, ad-
monishing his own political friends tnat they w ei o
not exercising that economy and that caie m 10-
gard to expenditures that are exercised on thisside
of the House. There was need of that advice,
and I hope it will be received and acted on. Im-
mediately on the assembling of Congiess, this
House passed a bill granting homesteads to actual
settlers. I know that it was in accordance with
the Chicago platform. If that bill shall become
a law, the Government will receive no'money next
year on account of the sales of public lands;
whereas, if the present land system had been con-
tinued, it was estimated by the Secretary of the
Treasury that the receipts from the sales of pub-
lic lands during the next, fiscal year would have
amounted to ^3,000,000.
This House has already passed a tariff bill,
which is being considered in the other branch of
Congress; and I predict that, under that tariff
bill, if it should pass in the form in which it
passed the House of Representatives, there will
not be as much revenue received as is received
under the existing tariff bill. You must remem-
ber that, at the present time, trade andcommerce
in every portion of the United States is depressed.
The estimates for receipts from customs, up to
the 1st July next, are but $16,000,000; and if the
political troubles are not quieted, the amount of
revenue received will be less than the Secretary
of the Treasury has estimated.
I say, then, that every measure thus far taken
in the House has had a tendency to depreciate the
public credit, instead of strengthening it. Instead
of retrenching you are actitnlly launching out into
new expenditures, and such as arc not justified
by the exigencies of the Treasury Department, or
the necessities of the countiy.
Again, Mr. Speaker, at this very session of
Congiess—as if thu public cicdit of the Govern-
ment was not sunk sufficiently low—this House
must pass a Pacific railroad bill, burdening the
nation with an additional debt of $91,000",000.
The effect of all this is to depreciate the ciedit of
the Government, while we all know that the Gov-
ernment must borrow $2J-,000$00 between now
and the Istof July next. These are the reasons
why I am constrained to oppose the propositions
submitted from the Committee on the Post Office
and Tost Roads. The same objections extend to
the amendments which the Senate has put upon
this bill.
One word nr^v in regard to the last amendment
submitted by the chairman of the Post Office
Committee, proposing increased rates of postage
on newspapers between the Atlantic and Pacific
coasts. I invite the attention of members to the
fact, that as lines of telegraph are extended
throughout the country, the circulation of news-
papers diminishes. At the last session of Con-
gress a bill was passed making provision for the
establishment of aline of telegraph from the Mis-
souri river to £>an Francisco. That line of tel-
egraph is now in process of construction. By it
all important information and news will be com-
municated to the people of the Pacific coast; and
that will necessarily lead to the curtailment of the
circulation of newspapers published m the Atlantic
States. People will not have the same desire to
receive those newspapers, because all the import-
ant news contained in them will have been antici-
pated by fifteen or twenty days, and will have
been already published by the local press on the
Pacific coast. Therefore I say that while we pro-
pose to increase the rates of postage on newspapers
between the Atlantic and Pacific States, the circu-
lation on the Pacific coast of newspapers published
east of the Rocky Mountains will be diminished
by the construction of the line of telegraph now
being built. i expect to see no increase of revenue
from" that source, or, if any, a very inconsiderable
sum. So far as that proposition is concerned, if
does not relieve the Senate amendment from the
objection to the increase of expenditures at this
tune.
Mr. SCOTT. Mr. Speaker, this matter of a
daily overland mail between the Atlantic and Pa-
cific coasts has been fully and amply discussed
by the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Colfax] and
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Grow.]
I do not piopose to take a financial view of this
matter; but I would respectfully call the attention
of the Republican side of the House to n portion of
the Chicago platform. Gentlemen say they intend
to live up to that platform; that they intend to
live up to the doctrines enunciated in regard to the
question of slavery; that they intend to yield noth-
ing embodied in that platform; and now, I have
a right to require of them, also, to live up to that
portion of it m relation to a daily oveiland nihil
to California. Young as I am, I never cxpected
to live long enough to see the day when the State
of California would have <>iveii her vote for the
Republican nomine'-' Put it is a significant fact
that tho State of California was carried for Abra-
ham Lincoln. It was for the simple reason that
the Republican party advocated a daily overland
mail, and were the open and avowed friends of
the Pacific railroad. On every stump and every
] hustings it was proclaimed by their orators that,
; in the event of the Republican party getting con-
trol of the Government, a daily overland mail
would be given to California. On behalf of that
Stale, I now respectfully, in all kindness and
frankness, ask the Republican members of this
House to carry out the plighted faith of their
party.
As far as the expense is concerned, the gentle-
man from Missouri [Mr. Phelps] has gone fully
and elaborately into that matter. 1 believe that
the revenues to be derived from a daily overland
mail, after it has got fairly into operation, will re-
pay the expenditures necessarily incurred in car-
rying it out. Believing thatthc Republican party
will stand by its platform, and redeem its plighted
faith to the people and State of California, I have
i nothing more to say.
| Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. I have only a word
i to say to the House on this subject, and that word
will be m reply to my friend and colleague, [Mr.
' Phelps.] I think it hardly fair that my colleague,
who has already an overland mail running right
through thcccnierof his district—an overland mail
that carries nothing but letters; a mail line that
! has proved itself unequal to the wants of the peo-
1 pie; a mail line costing the Government $600,000
| a year, and fastened on the people more by the
i influence of my colleague than of any other ten
i membeis—I say it is hardly generous in him to
get up here now, when we ask but the pitiful sum
of $200,000 in addition, to send to the people of
the Pacific States thirty mails a month, laying
down the mails of the United States every evening
in San Francisco, and receiving them every even-
ing m the Atlantic States—and, on the pretext
that the Treasury is not in a condition to draw
upon, to try to defeat this overland mail bill, and
to prevent a daily mail to the Pacific coast.
Mr. PHELPS. Docs my colleague mean to
intimate that the Treasury is not m a bankrupt
condition, and that that.statement is a mere pie-
text?
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. I did not mean to
be so understood. I admit the condition of the
Treasury; but I could prove to any gentleman of
the intelligence of my colleague, who has not a
' rival line running through his district, that this
is a matter of economy, and that it would save
! §250,000 a year. Icanshowany man. who knows
I as much as my colleague knows, that the reduc-
| Uon which would be effected in our Indian ex-
1 penses for the first year, will more than cover the
additional expenses this bill provides for incur-
ring beyond the present cost of the overland mail.
We send now a mail going through my colleague's
district, and which, after it leaves the western bor-
der of Missouri and Arkansas, never seesany body
and never serves anybody. We propose to send
this mail along the whole line of United States
forts, and, in fact, to supply the forts and army.
!' We propose to supply fifty or sixty thousand
iI American citizens m the region of Pike's Peak-
' We propose to supply sixty ov seventy thousand
' people in Utah; and, we propose to supply one
I hundred thousand American citizens in the Carson
|l valley region.
ii This line, it is true, will cost a fraction more-
:l than one bundled thousand dollars beyond what
i| we are now paying for the overland service; but
li it sends the mail daily, and it will prevent Indian
i' hostilities and Indian troubles. It will curtail the
! expenses of the Indian department more than
three hundred thousand dollars the first year. I
li ask my colleague to take the history of the coun-
i try in respect to its Indian relations since he has
| been in Congress; 1 ask hinrto consider the fact
I that no United States mail wagon has ever been
|j attacked by the Indians. He may point me to the
fact that the great Salt Lake mail was once at-
I; tacked by the Sioux Indians; but I reply to him
j that the curtains of that mail wagon did not have
;< upon them the magic letters " U. S. M.," or Jt
i never would have been attacked. My friendlcnows
;j that private gentlemen traveling over the plains
'j are in the habit of placing those letters upon their
!j wagons or carriages, knowing that it is a sure
; protection from attackby thelndianson theroute.
; Now, Mr. Speaker, I say to my friend from
