620
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 29,
Ohio, [Mr. Sherman,] and to my friend from the
Lancaster district of Pennsylvania, [Mr. Ste-
vens,] one of whom, I believe, went to Chicago,
and there solemnly yledged the American people
that his party would send a daily overland mail
to the Pacific coast, that I ask him now to redeem
that pledge; and I ask the gentleman from Ohio
toremembcr that four years and a half ago, the
Democratic party made a pledge, at the Cincin-
nati convention, that they would build a Pacific
railroad. Tliey did not stand to that pledge; and
1 now warn my Republican friends to remember
the fate of that party in the last election, and see
whatwillbccomeof them if thcyalsofail to redeem
their pledges. [Laughter.]
Now, if gentlemen will figure up tho cost of
this proposed daily mail, and the cost of the pres-
ent service; if they will take into consideration
the fact that the proposed line is nine hundred
miles shorter than the line passing through the
district of my colleague; if they will take into
consideration the fact that we arc compelled to
send the mail overland to Utah; that we arc com-
pelled to send the mail overland from one coast
to the other, to Carson Valley; and that we are
compelled to send the mail overland to Pike's
Peak; and then take into consideration the incon-
siderable additional expense of sending the mails
daily, not only to them, but to all our people on
the Pacific, I imagine they cannot look at this ad-
ditional expense as any very great scare-crow.
When you take into consideration the fact that,
a very short time ago, $600,000 was considered
by Congress as a very small sum for carrying the
mail, consisting of nothing but letters, to Pike's
Peak, and that it is now proposed to carry all the
mail—letters, newspapers, books, and all—for less
than two hundred thousand dollars additional
expense, this must certainly be admitted by every
gentleman to be an economical provision. I will
not detain the House longer on this subject.
Mr. COLFAX. Mr. Speaker, I believe the
House now fully understands this matter. I will
say that I cannot support the amendment pro-
posed to my amendment by the gentleman from
Kentucky, requiring a daily mail to be carried to
Pike's Peak without additional expense, because
I fear it would so increase the expense the con-
tractor would have to incur that we should not
be able to secure a contract within the limits fixed
by this bill. 1 now move the previous question.
Mr. PHELPS. On what do you move the
previous question ?
Mr, COLFAX. On the pending amendment.
Mr. BURCH. If the gentleman from Indiana
will allow me, 1 desire to make a single remark
m reply to the objection urged by the Committee
of Ways and Means, against concurring in this
amendment. I will say that the people of Cali-
fornia already pay one hundred per cent, more
on their newspaper mails than the other people
of the country. It is now proposed still further
to increase their rate of newspaper postage, and
they are willing to submit to that if you will give
them a daily mail.
Mr. SHERMAN. There have been already
two or three speeches in favor of this amendment
since there has been one against it, and if the gen-
tleman from California is to go on with his re-
marks, I hope the previous question will be with-
drawn altogether.
Mr. COLFAX. I call the previous question
upon the Senate amendment, and all pending
amendments to it.
Mr.PHELPS. I hope the previous question
will not be called upon the entire amendment. I
desire to submit, as an amendment, a provision for
continuing the ocean mail steamship service until
the 1st of July, 1862.
Mr. COLFAX. The amendment which is
printed upon that subject has not been offered.
Mr. PHELPS. -What is in the amendment?
Let us understand the subject we are acting upon.
Mr. COLFAX. The pending amendment re-
lates solely to the central overland mail route.
The succeeding amendment is the one to which
the gentleman from Missouri alludes. The Senate
amendment establishes a daily overland mail. The
amendment of the Post Office Committee to that
amendment limits the amount to be paid to
$800,000; and the amendment to that extends a
daily mail to Pike's Peak. The steamer service
hag -nothing to do with it.
Mr. PHELPS. I hope the previous question
will not be sustained at this time, after two or
three speeches in favor and none against it.
Mr. COLFAX. I think the gentleman from
Missouri made the most elaborate speech which
has been made upon the subject against the amend-
ment.
Mr. PHELPS called for tellers upon seconding
the demand for the previous question.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Phelps and
Curtis were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 77, noes 45.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was ordered to be put.
The amendment to the amendment was dis-
agreed to.
The amendment offered by Mr. Colfax to the
Senate amendment was agreed to.
The question recurred on the amendment of the
Senate as amended.
Mr. PHELPS demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 101, nays 64; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Green .Adams, Adrain, Aldrich, Alley,
Thomas L. Anderson, William O. Anderson, Ashley,
Bingham, Blair, Blake, Brayton, Briggs, Bnstow, Butfin-
ton, Butch. Burhngamu, Burnliain, Carey, Case, John B.
Clark, Coburn, John Cochrane,Colfax,Conkiwg, Convin,
Covode, James Crai^3 Curtis, Davidson, Dawes, Delano,
Dueli, Edgerton, Eliot, Fenton, Florence, Foster, French,
Gilmer, Gonch,Grow, Hale, Hamilton, J.Morrison Ilatris,
Helmlck, Hickman, Ilohnan, William A. Howard, Hughes,
Irvine, Francis VV. Kellogg, William Kellogg, Kenyon, Kil-
gore, Larrabec, DeWitt C. Leach, Lee, Loomis, Marston,
Chailes D. Martin, McKean, McKenty, McKmght, Mill-
ward, Montqomeiy, Moorhcad, Edwaid Joy Morris, Isaac
N. Mori is, Morse, Nixon, Ohn, Palmer, Pendleton, Pcrrv,
Potter, Pottle, llice, "Christopher ltobinson, Scott, Sedg-
wick, Sickles, Stanton, William Stewart, Stratton, Tap-
pan, Thayer, Theaker, Tompkins. Tram, Trimble, Val-
landigham, Vandever, Van Wyck, Wade, Cadwaladcr C.
Washburn, Ellihu B. Wasiiburnc,Wilson, Wmdom, Wood,
and Woodruff—101.
NAYS—Messrs. Charles F. Adam?, Avery, Babbitt,
Bocock, Botcler, Branch, Brown, Burnett, Campbell,
Horace F. Clark, Buiton Craige, H. Winter Davis, John
G. Davis, Do Jarnette, Dunn, Edmundson, Etheridge, Gar-
nett, Gurley, John T. Harris, Hatton, Ilindman, Hoard,
Ilutchins, Jenkins, Killmger, Kunkel, James M. Leach,
Leake, Logan, Longnecker, Lovejoy, Elbert S. Martin,
Maynard, ^IcClcrnaml, MePherson, Millson, Laban T.
Moore, Morrill, Niblack, Peyton, Phelps, Porter, Pryor,
duarles, Edwin R. Reynolds, lliggs, James C. Robinson,
jRoyoe, Sherman, William N. H. Smith, Spaulding, Spin-
ner, Stevens, Stevenson, Stokes, Thomas, Vance, Wal-
ton, Webster, Wells, Wlutelcy, Winslow, and Wnght—64.
So the amendment, as amended, was agreed to.
Before the vote was announced,.
Mr. BEALE stated that he had paired with Mr.
Stout upon this question.
Mr. COX stated that his colleague, Mr. Allen,
was absent from the House in consequence of
sickness in his family.
Mr. MALLORY, not being within the bar
when his name was called, asked leave to vote.
Objection was made.
Mr. NOELL stated that he would have voted
in the affirmative if he had been within the bar
when his name was called.
Mr. HOWARD, of Ohio, not being within the
bar when his name was called, asked leave to
vote.
Objection was made.
Mr. CASE said his colleague, Mr. Pettir, had
been detained for several days from the House by
indisposition.
Mr. FRANK said, if he had bet-n within the
bar when his name was called, he would have
voted " ay."
Mr. COLFAX moved to reconsider the vote by
which the Senate amendment, as amended, was
concurred in; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The next amendment of the Senate was read,
as follows:
Sec. 20. And be it further enacted, That the Postmaster
General is authouzed to provide temporary steamship ser-
vice, by the nearest and most expeditious route, between
New York and San Francisco, at a cost not exceeding
.$100,000 a year, reserving to the Government the privilege
of annulling the contract, after the commencement of the
overland service, upon ninety days' notice.
Mr. COLFAX. I move concurrence in that
amendment of the Senate, with the following
amendment:
Strike out $400,000," ami, in lieu thereof, insert
" {$3^0,000,'' and reduce the length of notice from ninety to
sixty days.
This section provides only for carrying the mail
until the overland mail service goes into opera-
tion. I demand the previous question on the
amendment to the amendment.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and, under the operation
thereof1, the amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. PHELPS. I propose to submit an amend-
ment to the amendment of the Senate.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. When does
the morning hour expirfc?
The SPEAKER. In three minutes.
Mr. PHELPS. I move to strike out the words:
" reserving to the Government the privilege of
annulling the contract, after the commencement
of the overland service, upon ninety days'notice,"
and, in lieu thereof, to insert a proviso that the
service shall end on the 30th of June next.
Mr. Speaker, the effect of the amendment I
propose will be to terminate this service by steam-
ships at the time of the commencement of the over-
land mail service. You already have one over-
land mail route at a cost of $c00,000 per annum,
and you propose to establish another at a cost of
§800,000 per annum, and your steamship service
amounts to §350,000 per annum—in all, making
$1,750,000 per annum for supplying the Pacific
coast with mail matter. I desire, therefore, that
this steamship service shall cease at the time the
overland mail service, provided by the nineteenth
section of this bill, shall go into effect.
My amendment is this: strike out tho words I
have already stated, and in lieu thereof insert
these words:
Which shall terminate on the 30th of June next; and
if the mail seivice in the last preceding section should not
commence on the day therein named, then said eontiaet
shall be annulled ; but the Postmaster General may then
provide for the continuance of said steamship service for
another year.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has now
expired.
Mr. PHELPS. I have some remarks to sub-
mit on my amendment. As the morning hour
has expired, I will defer them till to-morrow.
Mr. COLFAX. I hope that, as we can finish
the bill in the next ten minutes, the consideration
of the special order will not be insisted on.
Objection was made.
PATENT OFFICE REPORT.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous conscnt, laid
before the House a communication from S. T.
Shugert, acting Commissioner of Patents, trans-
mitting the annual report of the Patent Office for
the year 1860; which was laid upon the table and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. FLORENCE. I move that one hundred
thousand extra copies of that report be ordered
to be printed.
The SPEAKER. That motion, under tho law,
goes to the Committee on Printing.
Mr. BURNETT. The special order is the
question before the House; and I hope, therefore,
that the motion for the printing of extra copies
will not now be entertained
The SPEAKER. The Chair presented the
communication, there being no objection; and the
motion of the gentleman from Pennsylvania is in
order.
Mr. FLORENCE. My motion goes to the
Committee on Printing, under the rules. I do
not piopose to take any action on it now. It is
a matter of surprise to n.e that there should be
objection to my motion. It is the motion usual
on the presentation of the Patent Office report.
Mr. Florence's motion was received, and
referred to the Committee on Printing.
JOURNAL OF CIIISIS COMMITTEE.
Mr. WINSLOW. Mr. Speaker, there has
been a misapprehension in reference to the order
to print the journal of the select committee of
thirty-three. On Tuesday of last week, the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means [Mr.
Sherman] moved the printing of additional copies
of the reports of the select committee of thirty-
three; which motion was agreed to. It was under-
stood at the time, that in that order to print was
included the journal of the committee. However,
it appears that on the same day the gentleman
from Maine [Mr. Mouse] made some objection
to the printing of that journal. I did not hear it.
In order that there may be no mistake, I make the
motion tliat the journal of the select committee of
