1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
621
thirty-three be printed, with the reports which
lmve already been ordered to be printed.
Mr. CORWIjN". It was the understanding that
the journal of tiie committee should be prinyd.
There was no objection; and it was order/M ac
cordingly.
STATE OP T1IB UNION.
The House then resumed the consideration of
the special oider, being the report of the special
committee of thirty-three.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I do not
expect to be heard in all parts of the Hall, owing
to the bad state of my health and voice; but I
will present some views on the pending ques-
tion, which I may not have another opportunity
to do.
I regret, sir, that I am compelled to concur in the
belief stated yesterday by the gentleman from Vir-
ginia, [Mfc Pryor,] that no compromise which
can be made will have any effect in averting the
present difficulty. I concur in that belief, because
it is my belief, although I regret the fact; for when
I see these States in open and declared rebellion
against the Union, seizing upon her public forts
and arsenals, and robbing her of millions of the
public property; when I see the batteries of speed-
ing States blockading the highway of the nation,
and their armies in battle array against the flag of
the Union; when I see, sir, our flag insulted, and
that insult submitted to, 1 have no hope that con-
cession, humiliation, and compromise, can have
any effect whatever. And what confirms me—if
confirmation were necessary—and what confirms
the remark of the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr.
Pryor,] is a piece of news contained in the paper
just laid upon the desks of members. Virginia
sends embassadors to the head and front of the
empire that is proposed to be erected upon the
ruins of this Government, for the purpose of get-
ting South Carolina to appoint commissioners for
the purpose of proposing amendments to the
Constitution of the United States, to sccure their
rights, as they say; and that kingdom of South
Carolina peremptorily refuses to appoint any such
commissioners, for the reason that it has no de-
sire or design of promoting the ultimate object set
forth in the joint resolutions of the State of Vir-
ginia— that is, the procurement of amendments
to, or new guarantees in, the Constitution of the
United States. Thus ends negotiation; thus ends
conccssion; thus ends compromise, by the solemn
declaration of the seceding party that they will
not listen to concession or compromise.
Mr. Speaker, following close upon the belliger-
ent speech of the gentleman from Virginia yester-
day, I saw the contribution toward compromise
which the slaveholding States are willing to make
to the North—for compromise means some con-
cession from both sides. Immediately after that
speech a bill came up to admit Kansas into the
Union; and I am sorry to say that almost every
southern man—men who had just been appealing
to us to furnish them ground to stand upon—
almost in a solid body the southern men voted
against even the consideration of the question of
admitting Kansas, that source of all our woes. I
leave the inference to the country.
I have no expectation that anything that we
could say or do, or that could be said or done, in
Congress, would have the least effect in retarding
or accelerating the onward career of the secession
movement which already pervades this land. I do
not believe that words now will have any effect;
yet it is right that the effort should be made. It is
right that upon this floor we should enunciate our
views; that from this Hall, sacred to freedom and
free debate, we should inform our constituents of
the condition of things, that they may well con-
sider them; so that, if we are wrong, they may
correct us; and if we are right, they may strengthen
our hands.
Sir, I will touch but briefly upon the question
of secession which is claimed by the gentleman
from Virginia, [Mr Pryor,] and upon the rightof
coercion, which is denied by him, and the kind
of coercion which, in my judgment, will prove
effectual to brin£ them back into tins Union
without humiliation, and make that Union per-
manent.
I regret to be obliged to concur with the gen-
tleman from Virginia, that no compromise can be
oift'ivd that will avert the present evils. This
morning's papers contain conclusive confirmation
of that in the resolutions of the leading seceding
State, South Carolina, which are as follows:
" Resolved unanimously, That the General Assembly of
South Carolina tender-* to theLegi.«lauire of Virginia their
acknowledgments of the friendiv motives which inspired
the mission intrusted to Hon. Judge liobertson, her com-
missioner.
" Resolved unanimously. That candor, which is due to
the long-continued sympathy and respect which has sub-
sisted between Virginia and South Catolma, induces the
Assembly to declare with frankness that they do not deem
it advi&abie to initiate negotiations when they have no de-
sire or intention to promote the ultimate object in view-
that object which is declared m the resolution of the Vir-
ginia Legislature to be the procuiement of amendments or
ne w guarantees to the Constitution of the United States.
"Resolved unaniitiouslij, That the separation of South
Carolina from the Fedeial Union is final, and she has no
fuithcr mteiest in the Constitution of the United States;
and that the only appropriate negotiations between her and
the Federal Government are as to then mutual relations as
foreign States."
But I have not heretofore expected that anything
that has been done,or could be said or done here,
could have any cffect in retarding or accelerating
the headlong career of treason and rebellion that
now frighten the land. This I deeply regret; as
I should be willing to go to the verge of principle
to avert this catastrophe.
The question of the dissolution of the Union
is a grave one, and should be approached with-
out excitement, or passion, or fear. Difficulties
have surrounded all nations in their inception, in
their progress to greatness, and in their stability.
Much of their success has depended on the abil-
ity and the firmness of the statesmen who had
the management of affairs in the days of their
trouble. The virtue most needed in times of peril
is courage, calm, unwavering courage, which no
danger can appal, and which will not be excited
to action by indignation or revenge.
If such statesmen, governed by such qualities,
should be found at the head of this nation when
danger comes, there can be no fear for the result.
The Union will overcome all difficulties, and last
through unnumbered ages to bless millions of
happy freemen. Homilies upon the Union, and
jeremiads over its destruction, can be of no use,
except to display fine rhetoric and pathetic elo-
quence. The southern States will not be turned
from their deliberate and stern purpose by soft
words and touching lamentations. After the
extent to which they have gone, it would do them
no credit; condemnation which is now felt for
their conduct, would degenerate into contempt.
The annual message of the President contains
some wholesome truths mixed with atrocious cal-
umnies. It states that—
''The long continued and intemperate interference of
the northern people with the question of slavery in the
southern States has at length pioducedits natural effects."
The President well knew that the anti-slavery
party of the North never interfered, or claimed
the right to interfere, or expressed a desire to in-
termeddle, with slavery in the States. Search
the proceedings of their Legislatures, their con-
ventions, and "their party creeds, and you will find
them always disclaiming the right or the intention
to touch slavery in the States where it existed.
Hut this calumny on the freemen of the North,
so often repeated by a man who, during his whole
political life, has been the slave of slavery, is not
worth a moment's consideration. He makes a
very able and conclusive argument against the
right of secession; and had he followed it out to
its legitimate results, he would have deserved the
gratitude of his country.
Kutafter denouncing secession as a great wrong,
he came to the impotent conclusion that there is
no power in the Government to prevent or pun-
ish it.
It is time that this important question were
solved. I do not perceive when any better oc- 1
casion can present itself to decide whether this j
Union exists by the sufferance of individual ;
States, or whether it requires a constitutional j
majority to absolve them from their allegiance. !
If it should be determined that secession is a right-
ful act, or that there is no power to prevent it,
then the Union is not woith preset ving fora single
day; for whatever disposition shall be made of !:
the present difficulty, fancied wrongs will con- ;j
stantly arise, and induce State after State to with- j{
draw from the Confederacy. If, on theotherhand, j|
it should it be decided that weare oxe people,and \\
that the Government possesses sufficient power jj
to coerce obedience, the public mind will be
quieted, plotters of disunion will be n garded as J
traitors, and we shall long remain a united and
happy people.
It did not require,the present Constitution to
make our Union perpetual in theory. The Articles
of Confederation declared in express terms:
"That the Articles of Confcdeiation shall be inviolably
observed by eveiy State, and the Union shall be perpetual.' *
If the force of moral suasion and patriotism
were alone to be relied on to insure its perpetuity,
the convention which substituted the present for
the old Constitution was but little needed. True,
there were other dcfects in the old Articles. The
several States had conflicting laws with regard to
the revenue, taxation, and other subjects. As
Congress could operate only on the States if they
refused to comply with their requisitions, it was
difficult to enforce them. But the great defect in
the preceding Government was the want of au-
thority; and the main motive for the change was
to clothe the central Government with sufficient
power to perpetuate its own existence. The res-
olutions of the several States appointing delegates
to the convention, and the act of Congress rec-
ommending it, show that. The act of Congress of
May, 1787, recommended a con ven tion " so to alter
the Articles of Confederation as shall be necessary"
to the preservation and support of the Union/'
Massachusettsinstructed herdelegatesso toamend
as to render the Federal Constitution u adequate
to the preservation of the Union." Connecticut
instructed hers in the same words. New York
instructed, so to amend as to render the Federal
Government "adequate to the exigencies of Gov-
ernment and the preservation of the Union."
As to coercion, General Washington, in a let-
ter to Mr. Madison, dated before the convention,
(March 31, 1787,) in discussing the necessity for
a stronger Federal Government, says:
" I confess, however, that my opinion of public virtue is
so far changed, that I have my doubts whether any system
without the means of coercion in the sovereign, will en-
force d ue obedience to the requirements of the General Gov-
ernment; without which everything else fails."
These quotations might be fortified by similar
ones from many States and leading statesmen
They prove, beyond all doubt, that the Constitu-
tion was intended and supposed to confer on the
Government sufficient power to defend and per-
petuate the Union; if necessary, to "coerce" a
rebel State, or, to reach the same point by a surer
road, to coerce the people of the State to obey all
laws of the General Government.
The" Congress of the Confederation could act
only on States. If they were refractory, it was
found difficult to enforce the laws. The Consti-
tution is made to operate directly on the individuals
—on the people, without resorting to State au-
thorities or asking State aid. The Constitution
being ordained by the people, and operating di-
rectly on them, does not permit the States to
thwart its operations any more than it invokes
their aid. It is a self-sustaining, independent
power, and absolutely sovereign wJthin its sphere,
if a State pass laws or ordinances hostile to the
Constitution, no citizen is bound to obey them.
Nay, he is bound not to obey them. If, in obe-
dience to them, he violates the Constitution, lie
cannot pkad such laws in his defense. It be-
hooves every citizen, at his peril, to decide whether
he will obey the higher or the lower power—the
Constitution of the United States or the void en-
actment of States. If he commit treason against
the United States, he will not be excused, like a
soldier who obeys his commander, on the ground
of obedience to higher authority.
In order to clothe the central Government with
power to defend the Union and make it perpetual,
the Constitution provides that—
*• Congress shall have power to lay and collect taxes, du-
ties, imposts, and excises, to provide for the common de-
fence and general welfare of the United States; to regulate
commerce; to declare war, and make peace; to raise and
support armies; to provide and maintain a navy; to call
out tiic militia; to suppress insurrection," &c.
It provides that the President shall take care
that all the laws shall be faithfully executed; and
to enable him to do it, makes him commander-in-
chief of the Army and Navy. To leave nothing
indoubt.it gives Congress power to make all
laws which shall be necessary and proper for car-
rying into execution all powers vested by this
Constitution in the Government of the United
States. Aftertheseampleprovisions,givingArmy
and Navy, revenue, and power for all nect^-ul
legislation, it seems strange to hear that a great
