G22
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 29,
wrong may be committed against the Constitu-
tion, and no power exist to prevent or punish it.
Posterity will wonder whether the statesmen of
this age were fools or traitors. To take away all
power from the States to weaken or resist the
General Government, the Constitution declares
that" no State shall enter into any treaty, alliance,
or confederation; grant letters of marque or repri-
sal; coin money or emit bills of credit*," it de-
prives them of all hope of foreign succor, of all
means of raising funds by coining money or emit
ting bills of credit. Such obligations would bo
as worthless as waste paper.
The Constitution wisely deprives rebellious
Statesof the means of doing harm. In the Union,
and with the.Umon,they are powerful; out of it,
and against it, they are contemptible. They may
not be conscious of their weakness until they
arise from their fever and find themselves stag-
gering. But, in all their movements, they will
find the strong arm of the Constitution reach and
control them. No respectable authority can bo
found to show the right of secession. All our
great statesmen, Washington, Madison, Jeffer-
son, Adams, Jackson, Webster, Clay, and Buch-
anan, agree that the Constitution is a bond of
perfect and perpetual Union; and that no power
exists in the Constitution to absolve a State or
individual from allegiance to the General Govern-
ment. The only way in which a State can with-
draw from the Union—in other words, destroy it
—is by an amendment to the Constitution, or by
revolution. It is not likely that three fourths of
the States will so amend the Constitution as to
allow any State to break up the Government at
pleasure. The road by revolution lies through a
sea of blood, and nothing can justify it but intol-
erable oppiession. That is never likely to be
practiced by a republican Government.
The pretexts used to jusufy the present move-
ment are very unimpoi tant; some of them ridicu-
lous. It is said that people in tin* North have
violated compacts in the Constitution. Had men
exist in all sections. It is impossible to form any
system of government perfect enough to prevent
all crime. The northern Slates arc no exception;
but I believe there are but fi'W instances 111 which
c.itizens of the South have just cause of complaint
against the North. They visit our States and
cities, whether in pursuit of business or pleasure,
with perfect safety. Her oratois deliver lectures
and speeches in which they propagate the doc-
trines of slavery, notonly with impunity,but they
are listened to with respect and silence. They
exercise entire liberty of speech, without being-
molested either by officer or mob.
I believe they chiefly complain of the non-exccu-
tion of the fugitive slave law. There have been a
few instances of resistance to that law by ardent
individuals; but I know of no instance in which
punishment has not followed theofl.en.se. When-
ever suit has been brought, juries havegiven full
damages in their verdicts. Where indict men ta have
been presented, upon just gi ounds, coin let mil and
sentence and punishment have followed. This is
all that a just people would require. They can-
not expect to make us love slavery, or withhold
the utterance of our just abhorrence of it. They
cannot hope to make the honest masses of the
people adopt the blasphemy of some of their cler-
gymen, and call it a divine Institution. They have
too much respect for their temporal character, and
their eternal salvation, if reciimination were ad-
visable, I think the list of giievances by south-
< in men against northern citizens would be much
more formidable, Eor twenty years past it has
been unsafe for northern men to travel or settle
in the South, unless they would avow their belief
that slavery was a good institution. Everyday
btings news of unoffending citizens being seized,
mobbed, tarred and fealheied, and hanged by
scores, without any trial by legal tribunals, or
e\ idence of guilt.
Mr. RUST. I did not hear the gentleman dis-
tinctly. If I understood hint, he' said that for
many years it was not safe for northern men to
go into the southern States.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. That has
been my statement.
Mr. RUST. On what facts is it pi\ dieated ?
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. On the facts
of the hangings, burnings, tarrings and feather-
ings that northern men have been subjected to in
the Soutji.
Mr. RUST. I think the gentleman said a mo-
ment ago that they were hanged by scores. I
never witnessed or heard of one being hanged in
my State.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I do not
speak of any particular locality.
Mr. RUST. There are a good many, how-
ever, who deserve hanging.
Mr. STEVENS,of Pennsylvania. I know that
theie weic four Methodist preachers hanged last
year in one State. I see it stated also that, in the
State of Maryland, a meeting of citizens recently
gave warning to twelve men, who voted for Lin-
coln, to leave the place—all except one, whom
they thought to be an out and out, incorrigible
Republican; and him they kept'to see whether
they would hang him or not
Mr. KUNIvEL. The gentleman refers to an
incident which occurred in my own county.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I have seen
it in the papers.
Mr. KUNKEL. The incident which the gen-
tlemen refers to is said to have taken place within
eight miles of my residence. I should like to see
the authority for that statement. To my knowl-
edge, no such thing ever occurred, although I live
within eight miles of the locality.
Mr, WINSLOW. Oh, if the gentleman saw
it in the newspapers, of course it must be true.
The newspapers cannot lie.
Mr. HARRIS, of Virginia. Will the gentle-
man allow me to interrupt him for a moment? I
want to ask him one question. I understood him
to say that the people of the South hung northern
men by scores. In behalf of Virginia I wish to
say that her people never hung a northern man
except John Brown and his fiiends; and then
they hung, not by scores, but by law.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. You hung
them exactly right, sir.
Mr. HARRIS, of Virginia. Yes; they were
well hung.
Mr. STEVENS, ofPennsyl vania. They were
hung after trial byjury for a crime for which
they deserved death.
Mr. MAYNARD. Will the gentleman from
Pennsylvania allow me to say a word here, as he
seems to bo passing from the topic of the unkind
treatment of northern persons in the southern
States. I should be very unjust, and very un-
grateful to the people among whom I have lived
now for a quai ter of a century, if 1 were to sit by
and hear these general remarks pass uncontra-
dicted. It is a fact known to every one who lives
there, that the South is full of men of northern
birth. It is known that such persons are well and
kindly treated. It is known that many southern
firesides are graced with wives of northern bii th.
They also are honored, and are the mothers of
honored children.
If is true, however, that persons from the North
are sometimes loughly tieated at the South; but
in those cases their own conductis generally such
as to brin'x this treatment upon themselves. Let
me give the gentleman a single instance of this
kind, which occurred in my district.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsyhania. I am sat-
isfied with the gentleman's woid, without any
illustration.
Mr. MAYNARD. I can give the gentleman an
example of a young man in a law office, who so
far forgot the piopiieties of life as to assail, in
opprobrious language, the virtue and reputation
of the female portion of the community in which
he lived. He earned his conduct to such adegree
of indiscretion that he was at last, seized upon by
a company of young men and—m common par-
lance—ridden on a uul, and duven from the place,
lie has bi ought a suit for damages against those
who so treated him. The suit has not yet been
tried; but he will doubtless recover such an
amount of damages as the jury may think that,
under the cin.umstances, he uosenes. Never,
since Sancho Panza was tossed in the blanket, in
any part of the woild, either north or south, have
men been permitted, with impunity, to outrage
the sentiments and feelings of communities into
which they have obtruded themselves unbidden.
It is one of the fundamental laws of hospitality,
that good manners alone insure to a stranger a
civil tieatment
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I do not
refer to that sort of public opinion. I refer to
another topic altogether.
Mr. WEBSTER. 1 ask the gentleman to allow
me one minute.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I do not
like to say " no;" but my time is passing rapidly.
Mr. WEBSTER. Well, sir, our districts run
together for some distance, and as the gentleman
has referred to what he says occurred in Chester
county in respect to kidnapping, I desire to state
one or two circumstances which I know to be
facts.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I have
stated nothing that 1 do not know to be facts.
Mr. WEBSTER. Well, sir, the gentleman
has referred to certain events which he says hap-
pened in my district. Now, Mr. Speaker, I have
no wish to enter upon crimination and recrimina-
tion.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. If the ob-
ject of the gentleman be recrimination, I cannot
yield the floor for that purpose. *
Mr. WEBSTER. Well, sir, I desire only to
refer to an occurrence which took place in Car-
lisle, Pennsylvania. A man from my State went
to Carlisle to reclaim a slave who had fled from
him, and was murdered in his attempt to arrest
his own slave. Another gentleman went from
Baltimore county, in my district, to the gentle-
man's State to reclaim his slave who had escaped,
and he was murdered at Christiana while endeav-
oring to effect the reclamation; and no man in
either case was ever biought to justice for the act.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania, I know
something about that myself; but I do not see the
necessity of bringing it in here.
Mr. WEBSTER. The gentleman should not
make charges against the people of Maryland, if
he docs not expect a reply.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I have not
made any charges that are not tiue. The fact to
which the gentleman now refers, is simply that a
man from Maryland came into Pennsylvania to
reclaim his slave, and in attempting to carry out
that purpose, his own slave took his life.
Mr. WEBSTER. There was a great crowd
of persons aiding and abetting.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. No, sir;
there were only two white persons present, the
rest were negroes.
Mr. WEBSTER. It was shown before the
court, that there was a great crowd of white men
and negroes, all together there.
Mr. JUNKIN. No, sir; no white man had
any hand in the matter.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. The rights
of conscience and freedom of speech are forbidden
to northern men. They are not allowed to re-
ceive or read documents which deny the justice
of slavery. A citizen of Virginia, at the late elec-
tion, voted for the man of his choice, Mr. Lin-
coln, and was seized in broad daylight, in the
midst of the respectable people of the place, his
face blacked, and he expelled from his home.
Sir, the South, at this moment, is a hideous des-
potism, so far as northern citizens are concerned.
Their courts are inaccessible to secure redress.
The slave trade is openly justified. When a sla-
\ing pirate is sent them for trial, with the fullest
proof of guilt, the bills are either ignored or juries
acquit.
1 have omitted the real aggression which one
of the States frankly assigns as the reason of seces-
sion. The North has taken from them the power
of the Government, which they have held so long.
According to the strictest forms and piinciplcsof
the Constitution, they have elected the man of
their choice President of the United States. No
\ iolence was used; no malpractice is charged; but
the American people dared to disobey the com-
mands of slavery; and this is proclaimed as just
cause of secession and civil war. Sir, has it come
to this? Cannot the people of the United States
choose whom they please President, without stir-
ring up rebellion, and requiring humiliation, con-
cessions, and compromises to appease the insur-
gents? Sir, I would take no steps to propitiate
such a feeling. Rather than show repentance for
the election of Mr. Lincoln, with all its conse-
quences, I would see this Government crnmblc
into a thousand atoms. If I cannot be a freeman,
let me cease to exist.
The committee of thirty-three have shown their
estimate of the magnitude of southern grievances
by a most delicate piece of satire. As a cure
for their wrongs, and to seduce back rebellious
