38
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 3_,
36th Cong....2d Sess.
Stabg of the Union—Mr. Douglas.
Senate.
ize&upon the basis of non-intervention by Con-
gress with the domestic affairs of the people, and
especially upon the question of African slavery.
During'the whole of this period, domestic tran-
quillity and fraternal feeling prevailed.
Second. From 1820, when the Missouri com-
promise was adopted, fcp 1848 and 1850, when it
was-repudiated and-finally abandoned, all theTer-
"ritorieswere organized with reference to the policy
of an equitable partition between the two sections
upom tie line of 36° 30'. During this period
tfceg&Yras no serious difficulty upon the territorial
qties&on, so long as the Missouri compromise
was adhered to, and carried out in good faith.
Third. From 1850, when the original doctrine
of non-mtervention,asit prevailed during the first
thirty years, was reestablished as the policy of
the Government in the organization of Territories,
and the admission of new States, to the present
time, there has been a constant struggle, except
for a short interval, to overthrow and repudiate
the policy and principles of the compromise meas-
ures* of 1850, for the purpose of returning to the
old doctrine of congressional intervention for the
prohibition of slavery in all the Territories, south
as well as north of the Missouri line, regardless
of the wishes and condition of the people inhab-
iting the country.
• In view of these facts, I feel authorized to re-
affirm the proposition with which 1 commenced
my remarks, tnat whenever the Federal Govern-
ment has attempted to control the slavery ques-
tion in our newly-acquired Territories, alienation
of feeling-, discord, and sectional strife, have en-
sued; and whenever Congress has refrained from
such interference, peace, harmony, and good will,
have returned. The conclusion 1 draw from these
Eremises is, that the slavery question should be
anished forever from the Halls of Congress and
the arena of Federal politics by an irrepealable
constitutional provision. I have deemed this ex-
position of.the origin and progress of the slavery
agitation essential to a full comprehension of the
difficulties with which wo are surrounded, and the
remedies for the evils which threaten the disrup-
tion of the Republic. The immediate causes
•which have precipitated the southern country into
revolution, although inseparably connected with,
and flowing from, the slavery agitation, whose
history I have portrayed, are to be found in the
result of the recent presidential election. I hold
that the election of any man, no matter who, by
the American people, according to the Constitu-
tion, furnishes no cause, nojustification, for the dis-
solution of the Union. But we cannot close our eyes
to thofact that the southern people have received
the result of that election as furnishing conclusive
evidence that the dominant party of the North,
which is soon to take possession of the Federal
Governmcntunder that election, are determined to
invade and destroy their constitutional rights. Be-
lieving that their domestic institutions,their hearth-
stones, and their family altars, are all to be assailed,
at least by indirect means, and that the Federal
Government is to be used for the inauguration of
aline of policy which shall have for its object the
ultimate extinction of slavery in all the States, old
.as well as new, south as well as north, the south-
ern people are prepared to rush wildly, madly, as
-I think, into revolution, disunion, war, and defy
the consequences, whatever they may be, rather
than to wait for the development of events, or sub-
mit tamely to what they think is a fatal blow im-
pending ovei them and over all they hold dear on
earth. It matters not, so far as we and the peace
of the country and the fate of the Union are con-
cerned, whether these apprehensions of the south-
em poople are real or imaginary, whether they
are well founded or wholly without foundation,
so long as they believe them and are determined
toactupon them. The Senator from Ohio, [Mr.
Wade,] whose speech was received with so much
favor by his political friends the other day, referred
to these serious apprehensions,and acknowledged
his belief that the southern people were Idbouno
under the conviction that they were well founded.
He was kind enough to add that he did not blame
the southern people much for what they were
doing under this fatal misapprehension; hut cast
the whole blame upon the northern Democracy;
and referred especially to his colleague and my- ii
self, for having misrepresented and falsified the |j
purposes and policy of the Republican party,and
for having made the southern people believe our
misrepresentations! He does not blame the south-
ern people for acting on their honest convictions
in resorting to revolution to avert an impending
but imaginary calamity. No; he does not blame
them, because they believe in the existence of the
danger; yet he will do no act to undeceive them;
will take no step to relieve their painful apprehen-
sions; and will furnish no guarantees, no security
against the dangers which they believe to exist,
and the existence of which he denies; but, on the
contrary, he*demands unconditional submission,
threatens war, and talks about armies, navies, and
military force, for the purpose of preserving the
Union and enforcing the laws ! I submit whether
this mode of treating the question is not calculated
to confirm the worst apprehensions of the south-
ern people, and force them into the most extreme
measures of resistance!
I regret that the Senator from Ohio, or any
other Senator, should have deemed it consistent
with his duty, under present circumstances, to
introduce partisan politics, and attempt to man-
ufacture partisan capitftl out of a question involv-
ing the peace and safety of the country. I re-
peat what I have said on another occasion, that,
if I know myself, my action will be influenced
by no partisan considerations, until wc shall have
rescued the country from the perils which envi-
ron it. But since the Senator has attempted to
throw the whole responsibility of the present dif-
ficulties upon the northern Democracy, and has
charged us with misrepresenting and falsifying
the purposes and policy of the Republican party,
and thereby deceiving the southern people, I feel
called upon to repel the charge, and snow that itis
without a shadow of foundation. No man living
would rejoice more than myself in the convic-
tion, if I could only be convinced of the fact, that
I have misunderstood,and consequently misrep-
resented, tho policy and designs of the Repub-
lican party. Produce the evidence and convince
me of my error, and I will take more pleasure in
making the correction and repairing the injustice,
than I ever have taken in denouncing what I
believed to be an unjust and ruinous policy.
With the view of ascertaining whether I have
misapprehended or misrepresented the policy and
purposes of the Republican party, I will now in-
quire of the Senator, and yield the floor for an
answer: whether it is not the policy of his party
to confine slavery within its presentlimits by the
action ofthe Federal Government? Whetherthey
do not intend to abolish and prohibit slavery by
act of Congress, notwithstanding the decision of
the Supreme Court to the contrary, in all the Ter-
ritories we now possess, or may hereafteracquire?
Whether he and his party are in favor of return-
ing to their master the fugitive slaves that may
escape? In short, I will give the Senator an op-
poitunity now to say 
Mr. WADE. Mr. President 
Mr. DOUGLAS. One other question, and I
will give way.
Mr. WADE. Very well.
Mr. DOCJGLAS. I will give the Senator an
opportunity of saying now whether it is not the
policy of his party to exert all the powers of the
Federal Government under the Constitution, ac-
cording to their interpretation of the instrument,
to restrain and cripple the institution of slavery,
with a view to its ultimate extinction in all the
States, old as well as new, south as well as
north.
Are not these the views and purposes of the
party, as proclaimed by their leaders, and under-
stood by the people, in speeches, addresses, ser-
mons, newspapeis, and public meetings? Now,
I will hear his answer.
Mr. WADE. Mr. President, all these ques-
tions are most pertinently answered in the speech
the Senator is professing to answer. I have noth- •
mg to add to it. If he will read my speech, he
will find my sentiments upon all those questions.
Mr. douglas. Mr. President, I did not
expect on unequivocal answer. J know too well
that the Senator will not deny that each of these
interrogatories do express his individual policy
and the policy of the Republican party as he un-
derstands it. 1 should not have propounded the
interrogatories to him if he had not accused me
and the northern Democracy of having misrepre-
sented the policy of the Republican party, and
with having deceived the southern people by such
misrepresentations. The most obnoxious senti-
ments I ever attributed to the Republican party,
and that not in the South, but in northern Illi-
nois and in the strongholds of Abolitionism, was
that they intended to exercise the powers of the
Federal Government with a view tu the ultimate
extinction of slavery in the southern States. I
have expressed my belief, and would be glad to
be corrected if i am in error, that it is the policy
of that party to exclude slavery from all the Ter-
ntoneswe now possess or may acquire, with a
view of surrounding the slave States with a
cordon of abolition States, and thus confine the
institution within such narrow limits that, when
the number increases beyond the capacity of the
soil to raise food for their subsistence, the insti-
tution must end in starvation, colonisation, or
servile insurrection. I have often exposed the
enormities of this policy, and appealed to the
people of Illinois to know whether this mode of
getting rid of the evils of slavery could be justi-
fied in the name of civilization, humanity, and
Christianity? I have often used these arguments
in the strongest abolition portions of the North;
but never in the §outh. The truth is, i have al-
ways been very mild and gentle upon the Repub-
cans when addressing a southern audience; for it
seemed ungenerous to say behind their backs,
and where they dare not go to reply to me, those
things which I was in the habit of sayingto their
faces, and in the presence of their leaders, where
they were in the majority.
But inasmuch as I do not get a direct answer
from the Senator who makes this charge against
the northern Democracy, as to the purposes of
that party to use the power of the Fedeial Gov-
ernment under their construction of the Consti-
tution, with a view to the ultimate extinction of
slavery in the States, I will turn to the record of
their President elect, and see what he says on that
subject. The Republicanshavegoneto the trouble
to collect and publish in pamphlet form, under the
sanction of Mr. Lincoln, the debates which took
place between him and myself in the senatorial
canvass of 1858. It may not be improper here
to remark that this publication is unfair towards
me, for the leason that Mr. Lincoln personally
revised and corrected his own speeches, without
giving me an opportunity to conect the numerous
errors in mine. Inasmuch as the publication is
made under the sanction of Mr. Lincoln himself,
accompanied by a letter from him that he has
revised the speeches by verbal corrections, and
thereby approved them, it becomes important to
show what his views are, since he is in the daily
habit of referring to those speeches for hisprcsent
opinions.
Mr. Lincoln was nominated for United States
Senator by a Republican State convention at
Springfield in June, 1858. Anticipating the nom-
ination, he hau carefully prepared a written
speech, which he delivered on the occasion, and
which, by order of the convention, was published
among the proceedings as containing the platform
of principles upon which the canvass was to be
conducted. More importance is due to thisspeech
than to those delivered under the excitement of
debate in joint discussions by the exigencies of
the contest. The first few paragraphs which I
will now read, may be taken as a fair statement
of his opinion and feelings upon the slavery ques- -
tion. Mr. Lincoln said:
"Mr. Pi cm dent and Gentlemen of the Convention, if we
could know wheie we me and whither we are tend-
ing, we could bettor judge wh.it to do and iiow to do it.
We are now iar into the hit!) yeat since a policj was initi-
ated With the avowed object and confident {nomine of put-
ting an end to slavery agitation. Under the operation of
that policy, that agitation has nol only not ceased, but has
constantly augmented. It my opinion, it will notcea*e
until ueiisswshall have beenmachod and pa^ved. A bou^e
divided against it&elfcannot Mand i L believe tills Go\em-
inent eanhot endure pennanently half slave and half free.
i do not expert the Union to b<: dissolved—i do not expect
the hou-eto tall—hut f do cvpeor it will c^a^e to be divided.
It will become ail one thing or ad the other. Either the
opponent oi slavery wi!) aue<t the umher spread of it, and
place ii where the public nund .shall rest tn the boheftbar it
is in the eouix; ot ultimate extinction, oi it> advocate-? wiJ!
push it forvvaid. till u shall alike become lawful in all the
titattis, old as well as new, Noith as well aa tioutb."
There you are told by the President elect that
