1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
623
States, they offer to admit as a State about two
hundred and fifty thousand square miles of vol-
canic desert, with less than a thousand white An-
glo-Saxon inhabitants, and some forty or fifty
thousand Indians, Mustees, and Mexicans, who
do not ask admission, and who have shown their
capacity for self-government by tfie infamous slave
code which they have passed, which establishes
the most cruel kind of black and white slavery.
To be sure, the distinguished chairman of that
committee [Mr. Coiiwix] seems to have become
enamored of peonage. He looks upon it as a be-
nevolent institution, which saves the poor man's
cow to furnish milk for his children, by selling
the father instead of the cow.
Mr. OTERO. Will the gentleman allow me to
explain that peon law?
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Certainly;
if it does not come out of my time.
Mr. OTERO. 1 have got the law here.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Ah, the
gentleman is going to make an argument.
Mr. OTERO. Oh, no; I am only going to refer
to the law. I have here the law to which, I pre-
sume, the gentleman has reference. It is the one
which was attempted to be repealed by the bill of
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Bingham] last
session.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. The same
one.
Mr. OTERO. I want to have this portion of
the law read.
The Clerk read, as follows:
'*No couit of tiii.-. TcrnUhy shall have jurisdiction, nor
shall take cognizance ot any cause for the paiental eoirec-
tion that masters may give their servants foi inflect of then
duties asseivants, tor they aie consiileied as domestic seiv-
anfe to thcii masters, and they should con cot tin n m'tth'cts
and faults; for as so'dieis aie punibiied hy til en chiefs,
without tile intervention of tile civil authoiity , hy reason ot'
tile salary they enjoy, ail equal n<ilit should he panted ttnw
persons who pay their mo.n'j to lie hOrs f (l Hi tie' pioteetio'i
of then propeity: Piovulcl, that such collection shall not
be ntliteted m a cruel maimer with el:ih.-. oi stupes.''
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Oh, no;
the punishment, as I understand, is to be inflicted
with cat-o'-nme-tails. [Laughter.]
Mr. OTERO. I hope the gentleman will act
fairly in presenting this case.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. There is a
clause in the law which provides that anybody
can take up a servant if he is fouud out after dark,
and have him lashed thirty-nine times on the bare
back,
Mr. OTERO. Is that in this law ?
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Yes.
Mr. OTERO. The gentleman may read the
entire law, and he will not find it.
Mr. STEVETJS, of Pennsylvania, li is in the
laws of New Mexico.
Mr. OTERO. These are the laws of New
Mexico.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I do not
know whether that is m your edition.
Mr. OTERO. I desire to make an explanation
of this subject just here, and at this time. This
law is translated from the Spanish, it having been
originally introduced and passed in that language.
I want to read now the Spanish version of it.
[Laughter.] I hope this matter will not be treated
with levity. The term in the original law is so
different in its significance, and so forcible, thatit
will even attract the attention of the gentleman
himself, notwithstanding it is in the Spanish lan-
guage. The translation of the act, as read, is en-
tirely incorrect. The word " correction" should
be qualified by the adjective " parental," as it is
in the original Spanish. The law would then
read, that no court in the Territory should have
jurisdiction noi cognizance of any cause for the
parental correction" that a master may give to
his servant. Now the word 11 correction" is not
even the term used in the original law, as passed
by the Legislature. The terms used in the act
are reconvencionesfamiliares," which do noteven
mean parental correction. I he coirect tiansla-
tion of these words is, " a familiar or parental re-
primand," which everybody will admit is a very
mild correction indeed. And again, the proviso
ot the law positively forbids that such con ection
shall be inflicted in a cruel manner with clubs and
stripes. Now, they cannot be shut up m a room
or dennved of food, for that would be considered
cruel.' All that the law says, when correctly trans-
lated, is, that " no court shall have jurisdiction,
nor shall take cognizance of any cause for thepe-
rental reprimand that masters may give their ser-
vants for neglect of their duties as servants. That
is the correct translation, and such is the mean-
ing of the words " rcconvencioncs familiares."
Mr. STEVENS, ofPennsylvama. Then I take
it for granted that slavery in New Mexico means
nothing more than parental admonition. [Laugh-
ter.]
The secession and rebellion of the South have
been inculcated as a doctrine for twenty years
past among slaveholdmg communities. At one
time the tariff was deemed a sufficient cause; then
the exclusion of slavery from free Territories;
then some violations of the fugitive slave law.
Now the culminating cause is the election of a
President who does not believe in the benefits of
slavery, or approve of that great missionary en-
terprise, the slave trade. The truth is, all these
things are mere pretenses. The restless spirits of
the South desire to have a slaveempire, and they
use these things as excuses. Some of them desire
a more brilliant and stronger government than a
Republic. Their domestic institutions, and the so-
cial inequality of their free people, naturally pre-
pare them for a monarchy sairounded by a loidly
nobility—for a throne founded on the neck of
la!>or.
The men now on the stage of action must de-
termine whether they have courage enough to
maintain the institutions which their fathers gave
tliein.
This is a great responsibility, but m my judg-
ment not a difficult one. 1 would certainly not
advise the shedding of American blood, except as
a last resort. If it should become necessary, I
see no difficulty, with the ordinary forccs of the
United States, to dissipate the rebels, whether of
high or low degree.
But before a resort to arms, the ordinary tribu-
nals of the country should be tried. There are
laws against treason, misprision of treason, mur-
der, and sedition. Many citizens will inquire,
Dare we violate these laws? Dare we commit
these crimes' Shall we not finally be overtaken
by vengeance ?
I do not say that a State can commit treason.
Corporalions cannot bo hanged. But if a State
pass treasonable acts, and individuals attempt to
execute tliem, and thus come in armed collision
with the Government, they will bo guilty of trea-
son, and the Stale enactments will be no shield,
for they will be nullities.
1 am aware that the most guilty would be the
most likely to escape the proper punishment.
The legislators who decreed the conflict and or-
dered the rebellion would not be apt to be present
at the overt act. The civilians would be m coun-
cil; the soldiers in battle. The passing seditious
laws merely,and ordeimg others to execute them
—although moral treason and misprision of trea-
son—is not, m my judgment, treason. ''Treason
against the United States consists only in levying
war against them,or in adhering to their enemies,
giving them aid and comfort." In England,
even after her great conservati\e act, the statute
of treason, it was not necessary to be present
at the overt act, or so near as to be able to give
physical aid. Conspiring, plotting, and counsel-
ing others to do the act, although at a distance,
made them principals in treason; for by the com-
mon lav/, those who encouraged, advised, or
contrived the act, or who gave aid to the felon
after the act, were accessories in felonies; but as
there could be no accessories m treason, the com-
mon law converted such as would have been acces-
sories in felonies into principals in tieason. Put we
have no common law; and those only are traitors
who potentially committed the overt act. Under
our Constitution there is neither const! uctive nor
accessorial treason.
I am aware that a judge of the district court of
the United States in Pennsylvania laid down a
different doctrine, in a charge to the grand Jttiy.
lie held that those abolition lecturers who incited
slaves to escape would be guilty of any treason
which anywhere was perpetrated by aimed resist-
i ance to the fugitive slave law. lint I think he
i said it in ignorance of the law. I do not think that
i even the northern men who encourage the South
| m rebellion can be made criminally guilty of the
] i reasonable conflict which they stimulate. I should
I regret to see the respectable members of the late
i Umon meeting in Philadelphia (includinga learned
! judge of the supreme court) placed in that un-
pleasant position. But if it should beimpossible,
as it may ber to-execute the criminal laws in tire
midst of an infected population, I think there are
other means which will prove effectual.
South Carolina (and when I speak of South
Carolina,"! mean to include under that name all
seceding States, to avoid prolixity, and thus what
I say of her shall apply to all that have seceded or
may secede) has, with others, declared herself out
of the Union; and no doubt fancies that she is so.
What ought to be done ? Send no armies there
to wage civil war, as alarmists pretend. The'
General Government shouldamiul all postal laws
within her Territory, and stop the rrrails at -the
line of the State. Who will suffer by that' For
the last year, the revenue derived from- postage hi
South Carolina was $107,536; the expense of trans-
portation $319,0G8; leaving a deficit of $211,532
to be paid by the Government. This saving could
be borne by the United States. How it win affect
South Carolina, her citizens will soon discover.
There are but a few other Federal laws which
it will bo important to enforce. The regulations
of commerce and the collection of the revenue by
the General Government is the strong arm whicli
will hold the Union together and punish refrac-
tory members without bloodshed. The reve-
nue collected at Charleston for the last fiscal year
is $379,875 97; the expense of collection was
§70,542 97; leaving a net surplus of §309,333V
Let the revenue laws be executed, and the money
paid into the Treasury; it will help to pay the
expenses caused by the refractory member, and
leave the new empire to direct taxation to sup-
port their great burden. How long the people
will submit to this cannot be told to a mathemati-
cal certainty. Not long, I predict.
But it may be that this mixed empire, consist-
ing of a little over one third whites, and a little
less than two thirds colored persons, may attempt
to collect the revenue within the district of South
Carolina. This, of course, would be a direct vio-
lation of the Constitution, and would justify
armed resistance. If the present Administration
had done its duty there would have been no neces-
sity for shedding blood. Within the collection
district of South Carolina the Government had
several formidable forts. Had they been prop-
erly garrisoned and supplied when it became evi-
dent that South Carolina would secede and seize
them, they could have been impregnable. No>
ships could enter the harbor of Charleston with-
out the consent of those who bold those forts.
The revenues might have been collected any-
where ill the harbor or distiict. If nccessary, aiv
armed vessel or two might have been stationed
| there, and the revenue laws would have been easily
enforced.
One fort still remains to us there, with less than
one eighth af the proper gariison, or provisions,
or munitions of war.
I know it has been suggested that the President
intentionally left those forts in a defenseless con-
dition, that'South Carolina might seize them be-
fore his successor had time to take means for their
! safety. I*cannot bring myself to believe it; I wil!
! not believe it; for it would make Mr. Buchanan a
i more odious traitor than Benedict Arnold. Every
I drop of blood that shall be shed in the conflict
! would sit heavy on his soul forever. The charge
j seems to receive some countenance from the fact
| that but a handful of men are in the remaining
I fort, without any effectual attempt to leinforce
them; while the rebels are inclosing them with
formidable works, and openly declare the inten-
tion to take it. An effort was made to send men
and provisions there, it is true. Put our flag was
insulted, and the unarmed vessel driven off; and
no effort has been made to avenge the insult. Tame,
spiulless Administration! Were the traitor Floyd
still at the head of the War Department, we could
understand it. It looks as if those few soldiers
were predestined victims. 1 have full confidence
that the gallant officer in command will success-
fully defend the stais and stiipes, or gloriously
descend, with his last soldier, to his gory bed.
If they should be sacrificed, how wretched must
be the miserable man who permits itf The fires
I] of remorse will forever burn in his bosom as
jj fiercely as the.infernal fires of Pblegetlion !
ii According to my new, as our operations in
ji coercion will be by sea, blood need not be sneu.
;j If it should be, on the heads of the malefactors
ii !■'t it rest.
