THE CONGRESSIONAL' G-LOBB.
January 29,
torjes-tea other words, the recognition of .the: right
of property in slaves—to be the question at issue,
we declared that other matters, in our judgment,
would regulate themselves when peace and har-
mony should be restored among-us. The per-
sona) liberty bills were offensive to us in a degree,
from the consideration of the causes which had
prompted their enactment. Perhaps really they
had inflicted no very great amount of injustice;
but we felt them more poignantly from the reflec-
tion that they were intended as evidences 6'f temper
and resentment. Even little "Vermont—away up
in the hyperborean regions of the North, where
an African was scarcely ever seen save the fewthat
strayed thither in the summer, as certain of your
poets had said,'
t: Like the sweet south, stealing and giving odor"—
had thought proper to take measures to prevent
our kidnapping her free citizens into slavery.
You deny us the right of transit and temporary
sojourn with our slaves in all your territory, save
in New Jersey—that people who, while ever
ready to maintain their own rights, are so gen-
erously forbearing of the rights of others, and who
are justly entitled, and ever receive, the respect
and veneration of their southern kindred.
These things are all irritating. They spring
from the one idea, hostility to slavery, and indi-
cate, what I solemnly believo, a settled purpose
ultimately to extinguish our institutions. I do
not charge you with any intention to interfere
with slavery in the States directly. You dare
not do it. You dare not. I do not, Mr. Speaker,
mean this in the way of threat or menace to the
North.
I have no idea that that great people, for indeed
they are a great people, could be frightened from
their propriety by any such base sentiment as
fear; and if they could, I would scorn to extort
from their fears what I had a right to expect
from their sense of justice. But they dare not do
it; for such an interference would be an overt act,
and unite our people in resistance, and disrupt
the Union. I cannot call to mind that I have ever
heard an intelligent man in my State express the
opinion that you meditated such direct interfer-
ence. But there is a future to us; and that future
we would look to and providefor. Youlookupon
slavery as a great evil; you will continue to war
upon it so long as it remains a political element;
and it. will so remain so long as you deny to us
equality in the Territories. Settle this question
now, fully, finally, forever.
I am free to say, for my part, that I deem this
concession, this proposed amendment as to the
Territories, the ultimatum of a settlement. In
honor, the South can take no less. Arrange that,
and peace may possibly come to our country. 1
know not, indeed, if it bo possible, under any
terms, to win back the seceding States. But lot
us do justice and perform right, and trust the eon-
sequences. Secure to us the Constitution and the
equality of the States. These are the symbols of
everlasting Union. Gentlemen of the North, in
view of tire dangers which threaten our yet com-
mon country, can you rise to the height of this
great argument. If you can, now is the accepted
time; come with us to the altar of our common
country, and Ictus make there our common sac-
rifices.
The gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Ad-
ams,] for whom I need hardly say I have sincere
leaped, made a proposition which he supposed
to be a very great conccssion; and coming from
that quarter, I look so upon it, indeed. He pro-
posed to amend the Constitution so that no con-
vention hereafter called shall have the privilege
of abolishing slavery in the States unless by unan-
imous consent. I repeat here what I havualready
said—I never yet met with an intelligent man in
my State who thought for a moment that the views
and purposes of the Republican party were to
interfere with slavery directly in the States. We
hold that you have no power, under the Consti-
tution as it now stands, to abolish slavery. We
will never yi&d to any such construction; and to
vote for that proposition as a single one, discon-
nected with some real concession, would be to
admit of a doubt on that point, Taken in con-
nection %vvith the original propositions of my
friend from Aikansas, and those of the Senator
from Kentucky, I am ready to acknowledge that
we should take it as a grateful offering from our
brethren at the North.
I da not make the complaint in regard to the
enforcement of the fugitive slave law, which has
been made by many gentlemen from the extreme
South. I am free to admit that, perhaps in nine-
teen out of twenty cases, it has been fully and
fairly administered. But it is also true, that for
every slave who has been rendered back to us
under that law, twenty have escaped from bond-
age, and have not been returned. Nor do I com-
plain of your State governments for the non-
execution of the law. I grant that no Government
on earth can execute a law against the wishes of
its people. Your people, from the continued ex-
citement which has taken place on the subject
of slavery, have come to entertain the desire for
its extinguishment, and that it shall be abolished
wherever they have the power to abolish it. I
grant that they would not resist the enforcement
of the Jaw; they would not do it, because such
disturbances cost large sums of money. But, sir,
you are under constitutional obligations to re-
turn our slaves to us when they leave our coun-
try and take refuge in yours; you know it; you
cannot deny it. Your abolition orators, your
pulpits, your forums, and your strongminded
women, have been urgent to induce you, for
year after year, to resist these constitutional
obligations; and it is through their efforts that
you have placed these unconstitutional laws upon
your statute-books. They stand there, monu-
ments of a faith worse than Punic, among north-
ern men. When I use that expression, I refer to
the class of men who predominate there. I know
that you have other men, patriotic and true.
When I look before me and behind me, or on
either side, here in my place in this House, I see
gallant sons of the North, who have stood up and
battled, not for our rights, but the rights of the
Constitution. If we are to part from them, it will
be to us a source of unfeigned regret. They have
had a harder task in maintaining their position
than we have had to perform. Ours has been the
easy task to run with public'opinion, while they
have had to run adverse to it, and to stem fanat-
icism while they endured contumely. Around
their memories shall cluster our richestaffeetions.
Wo shall always remember them with grateful
feelings.
Now, sir, upon these great questions at issue
between the North and the South, posterity will
have to judge. We shall all of us have to sub-
mit to the tribunal of time, a tribunal whose
decrees are irreversible, because they are just.
When men come to review these questions, after
the lapse of long years, when passion has sub-
sided and party spirit has passed away, they
will look back with amazement at the madness
and excitement that rules the hour. Sir, pos-
terity will do us of the South justice. Have
wo had no' cause to complain? Wo are hero
thirty-three States, which everybody admits to be
sovereign; and I ask whether,as sovereign States,
confederated with you, we have not the right to
demand at least the security which is awarded to
foreign nations? But have we received it? I will
simply refer to two or three among numerous
instances, directly in point: All embassador of
the United States, accredited to a foreign nation,
is in the city of "Washington. In order to reach
the armed vessel which is to carry him to the
court to which he is accredited, he necessarily
has to pass through the great State of Pennsyl-
vania. During his transit across that State, his
slaves, held as property under the laws of his own
State, are rudely and forcibly seized. The Fed-
eral judge, an honest judge, whose name will al-
ways occupy an honorable position in the records
of his country, desiring to do ample justice and
repair the wrong, was himself sued in the courts
of Pennsylvania, by the very individual who
stole the slaves. The slaves were not returned,
and yet thegreat State of Pennsylvania has never,
by any legislative act, deplored this transaction,
much less has attempted reparation.
A gentleman from Virginia on his way to a
distant portion of the country, passing through
New York, while intransitu had his slaves seized
and taken from him, and to this day no redress
has been made by that great State.
An embassador of the United States in a distant
country died, and his wife in bringing home his
bodv to her native country, with a single domestic
as a'nurse for an infant child, with whose services
she could illy dispense, landed in New York,
when her property was stolen from her, and she-
was left to return to her own State of Kentucky
as she might. Kind reception to the bereaved
matron, returning in sorrow to her native land!
Comity, indeed, from a confederated State I
Now, sir,if these things had occurred to Amer-
ican citizens in any other country, either instance
would have been cause for war.
Mr. HALE. As the gentleman has referred to
a transaction which took place in the State of
Pennsylvania, I beg leave to correct, in one or two
points, the statement he has made. Judge Kane,
alleging that Mr. Williamson had made an incom-
plete return to a writ of habeas corpus, imprisoned
him; after which, a suit was brought against Judge-
Kane for false imprisonment. It was a matter
which had nothing whatever to do with the slave
question.
Mr. WINSLOW. The gentleman has stated
the facts correctly, and not materially differed
from my statement.
Mr. JUNKIN. I ask the gentleman from
North Carolina if he is not aware that the decis-
ion in that case was affirmed by the supreme
court of the State of Pennsylvania?
Mr. WINSLOW. I did not know the fact; but
it is one I am glad to hear. The principal point,
however, to which I desired to call attention in
that case was that the owner of the lost negro has
never received a dollar of reparation to this day.
Now, sir, if wo had sent an embassador to Prance,
and in passing through Great Britain his slave had
been seized and retained, and Great Britain had
refused to make reparation, why even you at the
North, you gentlemen, to defend whose right to
catch codfish away down on the banks of New-
foundland, for whose commercial privileges, we
went to war in 1812, would have considered this a
matter sufficient to go to war upon with Great
Britain. And for us, who are nations kindred to
you in blood, wheVi you refuse us what even the
comity of foreign nations demands, can you, un-
der these circumstances, expect us to remain in
union with you ?
Mr. CUPtTIS. I wish to ask the gentleman
whether he supposes that a slave taken from here
to Great Britain would be recognized as property,
and if taken away restored to his owner?
Mr. WINSLOW. I say to the gentleman that,
if a minister was sent from the United States to
France, and he had necessarily to pass through
Great Britain on his way, whatever was recog-
nized as property belonging to him under the laws
of his country would be recognized by Great
Britain under the laws of nations. It has been so
recognized m numerous instances; do you doubt it?
Mr. CURTIS. I certainly do. The British
courts goupon the principle that every man is free
who touches the English soil and breathes the
English air.
Mr. WINSLOW. I repeatmy proposition. If
it were necessary for the minister to France to
pass through England in transitu to Russia or
Persia, or any other Power, the seizure of his
property, no matter what, by the Government of
Great Britain, would be a casus belli. It would be
so considered by my friend from Iowa, or any
other who entertains like political sentiments.
Mr. SICKLES. If tho gentleman from North
Carolina will peimit me, I will state the well-
known factthat Mr..King,of Alabama, took two
slaves with him when he went to Paris as the
minister of the United States. Other instances
have occurred. I believe there is not a Government
in Europe which would hesitate for an instant to
protect, with all the necessary power, the prop-
ertyof any minister of the United States, or of any
member of the legation. I have heard the ques-
tion frequently discussed; and the public law is
admitted as it is stated by the gentleman from
North Carolina.
Mr. TAYLOR. It is a part of tho public law
of nations; and it extends so far, that a member
of an embassy from Turkey to a Christian coun-
try is protected in the enjoyment even of his right
to a plurality of wives. [Laughter.]
Mr. WINSLOW. That has been so held
arguendo by the court of my own State—1 mean
With reference to the plurality of wives.
Mr. CURTIS. I know the sacred character
and the lights of a minister; but, sir, I know of
no instance where a man who assertrd his free-
dom upon English ground lias failed to secure it.
The gentleman has referred to the ease of France.
