1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
627
Mr. SICKLES. Let me make a suggestion to
the gentleman from Iowa. It stands upon a prin-
ciple; and that principle is this: that the sover-
eignty of a nation always covers and protects the
legation of that nation, and every member of the
legation. In contemplation of public law, the
minister and his legation are always under the
flag of their nation.
- Mr. CURTIS. Of course I understand that.
Mr. SICKLES. It is a violation of the flag
and the laws and the comity of nations, to inter-
fere with a member of an embassy.
Mr. WINSLOW. Wasthereever an embassy
from Persia, or Turkey, or any other country in
the world, to England, that was refused the exer-
cise of the privileges and the use of such servants
as they had at home? Never. To carry the doc-
trine farther, I will refer to the case of the Gfeueen
of Denmark, who murdered a man in her own
building in Paris, and who was not held to answer
for the murder.
Now, Mr. Speaker, let us see how we stand.
The gentlemen on the other side deny that sla-
very exists except by force of municipal law.
That, I believe, is the doctrine. Here are thirty-
three States banded together; for what ? For the
common benefit and the general welfare; to estab-
lish peace and domestic tranquillity at home. The
affirmation on that side of the House is that sla-
very exists only by force of municipal law. I so
understand them. Suppose a vessel, going from
my own port of Wilmington, North Carolina, to
Charleston, South Carolina, with slavosnmongst
other cargo, is overhauled by a cruiser of the en-
emy; suppose the-English to be thatenemy; and
suppose our Government makes a remonstrance
to the English Government,and that Government
responds that my officer did wrong, and I am
willing to make reparation. I apologize for the
insult, and I will pay for the cargo, except what
was in slaves; and as to them, I am informed
there is a great party in your country calling itself
the Republican paity par excellence, and headed
by a man named Abraham Lincoln, which party
asserts that slaves are not property." If that re-
fusal were made by the English Government, what
then would a Republican Congress do? Logi-
cally, could, or would they, insist upon repara-
tion? Can we stand that? Is not our property
"upon the high seas to be as much secured and
protected by the country as your property? Yet,
sir, by your doctrine, that slavery is only a local
institution, having its origin only in the municipal
law, we should be perfectly powerless, and with-
out protection. Do you think we can stand a
Union ofthatkind? No,sir; never! never! never!
Unless you come down from your doctrine, and
agree that uponthehighseas, wherever your star-
spangled banner waves, and if not in all the ter-
ritory, at least s'outh of the line fixed for the ex-
tension of our institutions, ourproperty shall have
equal rights with yours, you ought not expect us
to remain with you.
History must judge us in other respects. I say
that the position of the Republican party threat-
ens the rights of slavery. There have been, in
these Halls, five distinct plans pronounced by
which slavery can be eradicated from the land.
Mr. John Gtuincy Adams himself affirmed, upon
this floor, that Congress has the power to abolish
slavery under the treaty-making power. That
is one. Mr. Giddings, of Ohio, said:
" I would not be understood a-s desiring a servile insur-
rection ; but I say to southern gentlemen, that there are hun-
dred* of thousand* of honest and patriotic men who k will
laugh at your calamity, and will mock when your fear cotn-
eth.' f would intimidate no man ;*but I tell*you there is a
spmt in the Noith which will set at defiance all the low
and unworthy machinations of this Executive, and the
minions of its power. When the contest shall come; when
the thunder shall loll, and the lightning shall Ha-ii, when
the slave shall rise in the South; when, in imitation of
the Cuban bondmen, the southern siaves of the youth shall
feel that they are men ; when they feel the stirring emo-
tions of lmmoitality; when the slaves shall feci that, the
ma-.teis shall tutu pale and tremble; when their dwellings
•shall smoke, the lovers of freedom shall stand forth and
exert the legitimate powers of this Government for fiee-
dorn. We shall then have constitutional power to act f<v
the good of our count! y, and do justice to the slave. Then
we shall strike oil the shackles from the hands of the
plaves."
This plan was through insurrection, availing j
the General Government of the power of inter- j,
ference. I;
Mr. Seward, if the reports cf the day are to j-
be believed, says that, in the settlement of this !'
question, slavery is not to be regarded; in other
words, he draws back from his denunciations,
and sinks his doctrine of an irrepressible conflict.
He has also his peculiar plans. In his Roches-
ter speech he declares, if reported correctly, and
I am not aware of any contradiction of the pop-
ular version, what may be called the corollary to
his remarks at Lansing:
" I will favor as long as I can, within the limits of con-
stitutional action, the deciease and diminution of African
slaveiy in all the States."
At Rochester:
" It is true that they [the fathers] necessarily and wisely
modified thus policy ot freedom, by leaving it to the sev-
eral States, affected as they were by different circum-
stances, to abolish slavery in their own way, and at their
own pleasuie, instead of confiding that duty to Congress."
" But the veiy nature of these modifications fortifies my
position that the fatheis knew that the two systems could
not enduie within the Union, and expected that within a
shoit period slavery would disappear forever. Moreover,
in older that these modifications might not altogether de-
feat their grand design of a republic maintaining universal
equality, they provided that two thirds ol the States might
amend the Constitution."
But even for him there is still a lower deep.
In his Lansing speech lie is reported as having
said that it was his " duty as a patriot" to go for
having " no Army and Navy" of the Union, be-
cause their" whole object" was " that slaves may
not escape from the siave States into the free, and
that freed or emancipated negroes m the free States
may not enter and introduce civil war into the
slave States, and because that, if we provoke a
foreign enemy, the southern frontier is exposed
to invasion from England, France, and Spain."
Here is an invocation of the war-making power.
It remained for the President elect to cap the
climax by presenting a fifth mode, reaching, in as-
sumption of power by the General Government,
far beyond the most dreamy conception of the
most ultra disciple of the latitudinarian school.
He speaks of k< (he further spread of slavery,"
the restrictions of which will, he predicts, " place
it where the public mind will rest in the belief that
it is in the course of ultimate extinction." " We
know," says he, " the opening of new countries
tends to the perpetuation of the institution, and so
does keep men in slavery who would otherwise
be free." " Nothing,"heagain says, " will make
you successful, but setting up apolicy which shall
treat the thing as wrong." "This Government
is expressly charged with the duty of providing
for the general welfare. We believe that the
spreading out and perpetuity of the institution of
slavery impairs the general welfare." "Tore-
press this thing, we think, is providing for the
general welfare."
Now, will any unprejudiced mind fail to con-
cede that here exist causes of alarm; that pru-
dence, indeed, would dictate demands for new
guards for our future security, and that if these
arc refused, if every effort to secure them is ex-
hausted, if the cool, unimpassioned judgment of
the North should refuse us reparation, we should
be justified in the ultimate measure—secession.
Let us listen to a voice from your own section,
Mr. Speaker. Mr. Fillmore said:
" We see a political parly piescnting candidates for the
Presidency and Vice Presidency selected, tor the fiist time,
from the free States alone, with the avowed purpose of
electing these candidates by the suffrages of one part of the
Union orilv, to rule ovei the whole United States. Can it
be possible that those who are engaged in such a measure
can have seriou-Jy reflected upon the consequences which
mira inevitably follow in ca^e of success? Can they have
the madness or the folly to believe that our southern breth-
ren would submit to be governed by such a Chief Magis-
trate ?
" Suppose that the South, having a majoiity of the elec-
toral vote, should declare that thev would have only slave-
holders for President and Vice Piesideut, and should elect
such by their exclusive sufiTiage to lule over u.-at the North:
do you think you would submit to it? No; not for a mo-
ment. And do you believe thatjoursouthein biethrenare
less sensitive on this subject than you aie; or less jealous
of then lights? If j ou do, let me tell you that you are mis-
taken ; and thereiore you must see that if tins sectional
payy succeeds, it leads inevitably to the destruction of this
bcautifuHabric, reared by our forelathers." * * + *
I tell vou, we are treading on the brink of a volcano, that
is liable*, at any moment, to burst forth, and oveiwhehnthe
nation."
It will be seen, sir, that Mr. Fillmore, whose
career as the Chief Executive of these States had
given large opportunities to sound the depths of
public opinion, to asceitain the temper and dis-
positions of the southern people* and whose opin-
ions, from these causes, as well as from his ad-
mitted intellect, prudence, and patriotism, were
entitled to great weight, took cafe, at -an e&riy
day, solemnly to warn his own people of the con-
sequences likely to flow from their #cjs. He de-
clares that the election of such a ticket would
cause the South to resist. He declares-such a
resistance wotild be natural, and argues it would
be justifiable. Nay, he goes further, and asserts
boldly that, mutatis mutandis, the North would do
that very thing the doing of which calls down
upon the heads of the southern people the anath-
emas of the North, eager to brand a generous and
impulsive people with the' terms of reproach,
so flippantly indulged in, of rebels and traitors.
There was a time when Warren and Hancock
and Adams and Gluincy were branded as trai-
tors, and when North Carolina and South Caro-
lina, themselves unoppressed, without cause of
complaint against the parent Government, drew
their swords and leaped to the defense of their
sister.
I have neither time nor inclination to discuss
this much mooted point of secession. My opin-
ions upon it are embraced in a letter from Macon,
the good, myown countryman, written more than
twenty-five years ago, which I take the liberty of
incorporating m my remarks:
Duck Spring, February 9,1833.
Sir; J have received your letter of the 24th ultimo.
Their can be no doubt that the United States are in a de-
plorable situation, and that the publication of the opinion
you desue would be useless. It has never been a secret,
and always stated to those who wanted to know it. In the
year 1824, the Constitution was buued in the Senate—the
Senators who were then present will, it is believed, recol-
lect the fact—and never afterwards, quoted by me while 1
remained in ihe Senate. The opinions of General Wash-
ington, Mr. Jefferson, and Governor Clinton, are known,
but not respected. I have never believed that a State could
nullify and remain in the Union; but I have always believed
that a State might secede ■when she pleased, provided that she
would pay her'proportion of the public debt; and this right
I have eonsddcied the best guard to public liberty and to
public justice that could be desired, and it ought to hatfe
prevented what is now felt m the South—oppression.
The proclamation contains principles as contrary to what
wad the Constitution as nullification. It is the great error
of the Administration ; which, except that, has been satis-
factory in a high degree to the people who elected the Pres-
ident.
When confederacies begin to fight, liberty is soon lost,
and the Government as soon changed. A Government of
opinion, established by sovereign States for special pur-
poses, cannot be maintained by force. The ussC of force
makes enemies, and enemies cannot live in peace under
such a Government.
The case oi South Carolina is as different from that of
Pennsylvania as any two cases can be. In J816, the sys-
tem which now oppress the South was begun. It was
then opposed. In 1)52-1 the Constitution was buiied. Sen-
ators who weic then m the Senate will no doubt recollect.
(U'-petition—old age will tell.) Tunc to quit.
Youis very tiuly, NATHANIEL MACON.
Hon. Samcjkl P. Carson.
With six of the States it is an accomplished
fact; and it would more avail to endeavor to ren-
der its further progress unnecessary, than to en-
gage iii-nice discussion as to its nature and effect.
But you, as the great remedy, suggest coercion.
Coercion! Can you for a minute suppose you
can force upon the South a foreign domination t
Do you think twelve million people, should they
think fit to assert their independence, can be forced
to pay tribute to you, or any other earthly power?
You mistake the temper and the character of our
people. Sir, history is said to be philosophy
teaching by example. Have you read the story
of the struggles of our fathers? Have you not
heard how an obstinate Prince and an infatuated
minister lost to England the priceless gem with
which her diadem was studded ?
Pass back to the times of the great Revolution.
I would I had time to quote at length the able,
common-sense view of this question of coercion,
as expounded by the enlightened Crugcr, in 1774,
in the British Parliament—a man who, I am proud
to say, drew his existence from the soil of Mas-
sachusetts. I have time to quote but a single
paragraph:
" The expediency of coercive measures is much insisted
upon by some, who, I am sorry to say, seem to consider
more the distress and difficulty into which they may involve
ihe South, than the benefit they can procure from such vin-
dictive conduct in this eountiy. IIuuiaiut}, however, will
prompt the geneious mind to weep over seventies even
when they ate neccssaiy. And the prudent statesman will
reiieet that the South cannot sutler without injury to the
Noith. Thev are your cu-tomers;they consume your man-
ufactures*; and 1)} distiiibinsi them, if you do not drive them
out to foreign market*, you will at least disable them from
taUnite }uui- commodities, and fiom making you adequate
returns, for what they have taken."
But suppose you pushed your coercion to sub-
jugation. Suppose your arms to have triumphed.
