1861.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
43
36tii Cong....2d Sess.
State of the Union—Mr. Harlan.
Senate.
resign the reins of Government into the hands
of their political opponents. This will become
manifest on an examination of the alleged causes
of complaint. These are all stated in general and
ambiguous terms, without specification. The
most usual allegation, which has been reiterated
to-day, is that the provisions of the Constitution
have been violated. The secession argument
which follows is, that when a contract has been
violated by one party it may be declared void by
the other party to.its provisions; that the Consti-
tution of the united States is such a contract be-
tween the several States; that the Federal Gov-
ernment is merely their agent, appointed to carry
out its provisions; that this contiacthaving been
broken by some of the States, the other States
may voluntarily secede, and demand a division
of liabilities and assets.
1 shall not now enter into an examination of
this constitutional question; but, believing it to be
totally untenable, I shall for the present suppose
it to ue the true theory of our Federal Union; be-
cause whether true or false is not material to the
present inquiry. For when you demand that all
the provisions of the Constitution shall be carried
out—including the provision on the subject of
fugitives from servicc—there is but oneiesponse.
On this proposition there is no division of opinion
between the great political parties. The party
that has recently triumphed at the polls admits,
freely and unequivocally, in the clearest and
broadest terms, that every part of the Constitution
must be obeyed according to its true intent and
meaning. There is but one alternative with a
law-abiding people: the fundamental law must be
obeyed, or lawfully changed; and no one, any-
where, has proposed so to change the Constitution
as to erase this provision. Its teims arc not am-
biguous; it provides that—
(i No person held to seivice or labor in ono Stuto, under
the laws thereof, escaping into anothei, ^halljin conse-
quence of any laworiesufation therein, ho dischaijrpd tiom
such seivice or laboi, but shall be dohveied upon claim
o( tho party to whom such service or labor may be due."
The Republican national convention did not
propose any amendment to this part of the Con-
stitution; no Republican member of either branch
of Congress has ever proposed its abrogation; no
Republican Governor, or State Legislature, or
State convention, has ever demanded it. The
asseveration that the Republicans aie opposed to
this provision of the Constitution is a sheer fab-
rication, asserted in the first instance for political
purposes, and now adhered to for the sake of
consistency.
It being admitted that the Constitution must be
sustained, the coiollary follows, that all laws
made in pursuance of its provisions should be
obeyed. In 1793,Congress enacted a law to carry
into effect this provision of the Constitution, which
required the cooperation of the several States.
This remained the law of the land until the latter
provisions were declared void by the Supreme
Court of the United States in the celebrated Prig^
case. This adjudication resulted in the repenlof
State laws by the Legislatures of several States,
originally designed to aid the Federal Government
in securing the rendition of fugitives from service.
The Supreme Court of the United States having
declared them void, they were formally repealed.
And Congress enacted the fugitive slave law of
1850, authonzing the Federal judicial tubunals
and oommiRMoneis to issue summary process for
the arrest of such fugitives, and authorizing the
marshals to execute these mandates with force—
to employ the power nl the eounry, or the armies
of the Republic, for this purpose; and declaring
all who resist their exeeuuon guilty of a high
offense against the [Tinted States, punishable by
line and imprisonment. It is true, sir, that some
of the provisions of this law are oilensive to the
instincts and impulses of a free people. 1 shall
delay, now, to mention btit one or two of them.
It is painful to o freeman, unaccustomed to the
local institutions that have been alluded to to-day,
to be compelled to aid in "running down" a
human being who is flying from the hand of
the task-master. He could agree to stand ivu-
tral; to allow the claimant to run down his own
slave; but all his honorable impulses rebel against
being compelled, with his own hands, ro aid act-
ively in rerivetmg shackles and chains on the
limbs of a human being who had thrown them
off, and is flying from the pursuer. He cannot
avoid feeling, and perhaps saying, " Had I been
in his condition, I would, at the risk of life and
all else dear to me on earth, have done as that
poor slave is doing." And, sir, I find these im-
pulses are not peculiar to the people of the free
States. What honorable man in the South has not
a duplicate copy of th^sc impulses m his own heart?
Where is the honorable man, anywhere, whose
instincts and impulses take sides with the strong
against the weak; with the oppressor against the
oppressed? Such a man would be an anomaly in
God's creation. And when he sinks the common
impulses of humanity, ignores the human origin
of the fugitive, and regards him merely as a run-
away beast, and reflects on the subject, he can see
no reason for making himself a criminal for re-
fusing to run down another man's animal. As
an act of good neighborhood or friendship, he
might cheerfully aid even a stranger in recaptur-
ing his runaway horse or mule; but what right
has the owner to make him afelon for declining?
Where is the reciprocity ? In aiding to arrest a
felon there is reciprocity; his own safety requires
it. But taxing time and courage to arrest an-
other's property is without reciprocity. Since
civilization commenced, show me an example of
such a law. Nor is there justification in the aver-
ment that this demand is not made on the quiet
dweller in the free States to leave his daily avo-
cation to pursue the alleged fugitive, until the
pursued resists the pursuer. If he were a horse,
vicious and dangerous to the pursuer, you would
never dream of coercing your neighbor for aid on
that account, or of making him a felon for de-
clining. Nor is there a Legislature under the sun
that would justify such a demand. If the recap-
ture requires risk of life or limb, the risk is the
owner's, notliis neighbor's; lethim take his piop-
erty at his peril, if he can do so without a bieach
of the peace.
But, if the alleged fugitive may bo considered
as a man, as a " person,5' to adopt the language
of the Constitution, as well as property by the
laws of a State, he has the indefeasible right, in
every State in the Union, to assert his manhood.
He may deny the claim of the pursuer to owner-
ship over him; he may deny that he is a slave;
or, if a slave, that he is the slave of the claimant.
This would raise an issue of fact; and, accord-
nig to our notions of Jttagna Chartu and constitu-
tional liberty, every issue of fact joined in our
courts of law may be tried by a jury of freemen.
The naked claim of the pursuer ought not to be
conclusive against him who denies its truth; he
ought not to be concluded^ by affidavits, by purely
ex parte testimony; he has the right to be con-
fronted with the witnesses who testify against
him, to cross-examine them, and to introduce re-
butting testimony. JSTor ought the decision on
the questions of fact involving the freedom of a
human being to be irrevocably intrusted to a
petty magistrate, appointed by a foreign juiisdic-
tion.
Your reply to this view of the subject, that " to
provide a jury trial for an alleged fugitive slave
in a free State would be equivalent to an aban-
donment of the claim," involves an accusation
that is distinctly offensive. We deny your right
to frame Federal laws on the distinct assumption
that the people of eighteen States of the Union
cannot be trusted as jurors in 37our courts of law.
But waiving the needlessly offensive character
of some of the- provisions of this law, it has been
held to be constitutional by the Federal and State
courts with singular unanimity—but oueadverse
opinion having been rendered m a period of ten
years following its passage; and that has since
been overturned by the bupivme Court of the
Uiutid Stales. And the people have geneially
acquiesced in its execution, and obeyed its pio-
viMons, 01 quietly submitted to its penalties, civil
und criminal. And when you examine the plat-
fotmsof the Republic.in paity, you find 110 de-
mand for its repeal or its modification.
You have, therefore, !au\s m full force for cai-
rying out this provision of tiio Constitution* con-
ceived by yom own brains, and framed withyour
own hand, still hdd by in author, the Sen Uor
from Yd g'.nia, [All. M ason*.] to be perfect; winch
no organized political party proposes to repeal
or modify, so as to weaken its efficiency, and
which is executed with singular fidelity. On this
subject the Senator from Georgia [Mr. Iverson]
remarked:
" We have a fugitive slave law of which the South docs
not complain. It% sufficiently guarded to accomplish all
the objects for which it was designed, if there was a pr<yper
public sentiment in the northern States. No better fugi-
tive slave law could be devised, by this Congress or any
other. It clothes the judiciary and Executiveof this Gov^
ernment with ample powers to execute the laws. We do hot
complain that any Executive has ever been derelict in his
duty in the discharge of this I;uv. Mr. Fillmore was Pres-
ident when this law was passed, and it received his sane-
tion; and I am ready to say that, s^far as he was eoucemed,
he carried it out. General Pierce carried it out, and the
present Executive. So far as they have the power, they
have done their duty faithfully".
Mr. Holt, a State senator in the Georgia Legis-
lature, is reported to have said:
" Who, I ask senators, has ever made the charge, in all
the discussions on tins question, that the Government of
the United States, in its governmental capacity, has brought
any oppression upon you—committed any aggression on
your rights ?
u I stand ready to answer the charge should it be made.
True, Massachusetts has violated thecompaot; true, Con-
necticut has violated it; true, Legislatures of other States
have passed measures obnoxious to the South; and it is
equally true that the Congress of the United States, in an-
swer to the demand of the South, has passed the fugitive
slave law; and it is equally true that, when application has
been made to the President of the United States for the en-
foicement of the rights of the South, underthis law, he has
poured forth the Federal Treasury, and made use of the
Federal bayonet. It is true, sir, that when your rights have
been questioned, its Supieme Court has maintained them.
It is true, sir, that, for the eighty years of the existence of
this Government, it has never trampled upon your sover-
eignty, and never refused you redress for any wrong."
The commotion at the South does not, there-
fore, arise from the failure of the Federal Gov-
ernment to carry into effect the provision of the
Constitution on the subject of the rendition of
fugitives from labor.
2. It is demanded that the individual States
should not enact laws in violation of the Consti-
tution of the United States.
This is admitted by all. None deny the obli-
gation to conform the legislation of the individual
States to the requirements of the fundamental law
of the nation, in fact, " the members of the sev-
eral State Legislatures and Governors" are re-
quired by the sixth article of the Federal Consti-
tution, before they assume the duties of their
respective offices, to bind themselves by oath or
affirmation to support its provisions. The mem-
bers of every State Legislature take this oath of
office. Thoy cannot, therefore, enact any law in
conflict with the provisions of the Constitution
without violating this solemn obligation.
But it is alleged that the Legislatures of the free
States have, in fact, enacted laws that do conflict
with the constitutional rights of the people of the
slave States, styled " personal liberty bills." The
late Democraticnationnl conventions, which nom-
inated Hon. John C. Breckinridge, and the Sen-
ator from Illinois, [Mr. Douglas,] each for the
Presidency,made this charge in general terms, as
a plank in their platform:
" Resolved, That the enactments of State Legislatures to
defeat trie faithful execution of the fugitive slave law are
hostile in character, subversive of the Constitution, and
jevolutionaiy in then efiect."
It is not, therefore, wonderful that it should be
received as a conceded truth. And yet so grave
a charge should not be received without the clear-
est pi oof. It is incredible that it could be true.
It is luudly possible that a mejouty of the mem-
bers of the Legislatures of one half of the States
could deliberately violate their consciences in dis-
regarding their oath of office.
"Who are these peoplethus charged with a grave
crime? They are the select representative men of
a great and highly cultivated people, chosen by
their neighbors' to enact their local laws—laws for
the protection of thcirown lives,liberty, property,
and character. Is it probable that such men, in
suoh numbers, for a long series of years, would
deliberately and persistently commit this great
crime against their own consciences'1
But if it were credible that they could do so—
that they could, from year to year, thus inten-
| tionaJly \iolate the plain provisions of the Con-
! stitution of tiie United States—it is impossible
1 that any one anywhere could be harmed by such
j enactments. All sudi pretended laws would be
totally void; for the sixth article of the Constitu-
tion of the United States provides that—
I " Tins Constitution urid the lawa of the United States,
