u
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 11,
S&eh Cong....2d Sess.
State of the Union—Mr. Harlan.
Senate.
which shall be made in pursuance thereof" * A *
" shall be the supreme law of the land; and the judges in
every State shall be bound thereby, anything in the consti-
tution or laws of any State to the contrary notwithstand-
ing."
Hence, if these " personal liberty bills" violate
the Constitution and laws of the United States,
they are void; and would be so declared by the
courts, State and Federal, whenever a case could
arise under them. But as no case has arisen under
them to test,their validity, it is manifest that these
laws &re*believed to be constitutional by all par-
ties, or are of no practical importance. In either
case it is incredible that the statesmen and jurists
of the southern States could regard this as a real
cause of complaint, much less a cause for a disso-
lution of the Union.
3. It is demanded that the South ought not to
be required to submit to the election of a sectional
candidate to the Presidency.
But, on examination of the election returns, it
will be found that this demand would render in-
eligible every candidate for the Presidency at the
reecnt election. The Senator from Illinois, [Mr.
DoogEIs] is obnoxious to the same objection: he
received (not estimating the fusion vote) over one
million votes, of which less than one hundred and
seventy thousand were polled in the entire South.
And of the three million three hundred thousand
votes polledin the North, (notestimatingthefusion
vote,) Mr. Breckinridge received less than one
hundred thousand; and Mr. Bell but about thirty
thousand. The relative number of votes cast for
Mr. Lincoln south, when compared with the ag-
gregate vote cast for either Mr. Breckinridge or
Mr. Bell, is larger than the relative number cast
for either of the latter in the free States, as com-
pared with the whole vote cast for Mr. Lincoln.
And this result was attained after full and free
discussion in the free States, by the champions
of all parties, while Mr. Lincoln's friends were
denied, by the violence of mobs, the right of dis-
cussion in a majority of the slave States, and de-
clared their opinions at great peril in others.
Hence, if Mr. Lincoln was sectional, all his op-
ponents were as intensely sectional; if sectional-
ism disqualified him, they were equally ineligible.
If the Republican party was sectional, so was the
Douglas party, and the Bell party, and the Breck-
inridge party—the latter carrying their sectional-
ism to violence.
The marked distinction between Mr. Lincoln
and his opponents, however, is, he received a
very largo plurality of the popular vote over each
of them, and a large majority of the electoral vote
over all of them combined.
4. When pressed on these points, Senators admit
that it is not the escape of a few miserable slaves
through the free States, nor the personal liberty
bills, nor yet the election of Mr. Lincoln by the
free States to the Presidency, that justifies the
alarm manifested in the South; but that it is the
public opinion behind these acts, giving rise to
them, which justifies alarm; that it is that condi-
tion of society which tolerates the denunciation
of slavery, finally culminating in the election of a
candidate known to be opposed to slavery, and
elected because he was known to be thus hostile,
which causes complaint, and justifies opposition to
his inauguration as the President of ihe whole Re-
public,. It is demanded that the press, the pulpit,
the legislator, and the elector, in the free States,
shall be restrained from this discussion which
results in this deep-seated opposition to your insti-
tutions. And the Senator from Illinois [Mr
Douglas] has proposed a bill for a law, some-
thing like the sedition laws of the eaily time, to
declare freedom of speech and of the press, in the
free States, on this subject, a grave crime, to be
punished by fine and imprisonment in the jails
and penitentiaries, a bill which the Senator from
Georgia [Mr. Toombs] distinctly approved, a few
days since, and which I understood the Senator
from Virginia to approve to-day.
You demand that the people among themselves
shall no longer speak disparagingly of slavery—
shall cease to intermeddle, as you call it, with
your institutions, and thus to engender opposition
to it. We must bridle the pulgjt; bridle the press;
bridle our tongues around our own firesides. We
must trample under foot the great cardinal idea
of the reformers, so pertinently restated by Mr.
Jefferson, that" there is no danger in error where
truth is left free to combat it." " This may be a
good rule," you say, "in relation to everything
under the sun, sacred and profane, that pertains to
time and eternity, except the 'patriarchal institu-
tion ;'on every other subject men may speak, write,
and publish what they choose," being responsible
therefor; but here is an institution that is either
too good or too bad to be taljfed about—its merits
may not be discussed; here is the image set up
in the plain, which all men must fall down and
worship, on penalty of being cast into the fiery
furnace. You have deprived your people in the
slave States of freedom of speech and of the press
on this subject; and you now demand that the
people of the free States shall adopt your laws
and usages, on pain of dissolution of the Union.
The sober second thought of your own people,
we may well hope, will persuade them that this
is no sufficient cause for the destruction of the
Union.
5. The most grievous complaint is, that this agi-
tation causes the people of the free States to hate
slavery, and by the necessary association of cause
with effect, to hate slaveholders. We are told
that this must cease; that your honor will not
permit you to live in the same Union with such
confederates. The people of the free States must
change their speech, their modes of thought, their
mental perceptions, until they shall be brought
to love that which seems to them hateful; that the
elemental structure of their minds must be so
wroughtupon as to change their perceptions of the
beautiful and agreeable. It is well known, to be
sure, as we are told by the learned, that the con-
stant contemplation of that which produces pleas-
urable emotions in the mind, will 111 time become
an object of tender regard, or of love; and that
which uniformly produces unpleasant or painful
emotions, will become an object of aversion; that
this is a law of the mind, fixed by the author
of our nature; that this is no more true in the
physical than in the moral world. Hence, we are
told thatHomer's and Milton's poetry will be read
with rapture to the end of time; the lesson of the
Saviourand the example of his life will command
the adoration of mankind as long as the ages last.
When the strong stoop to lift up the oppressed,
humanity applauds to the ends of the earth; and
when the strong oppress the weak, they are never
loved. The sight of oppression never arouses
pleasurable emotions—but ever painful; it is so
now, it ever has been so, and it ever will be so
to the end of time, and probably in the world of
spirits, through eternity. If there be any place ill
God's universe where this law of the mind does
not exist, or where oppression ean excite applause,
it is not in the free States; it is not in slave States;
it is not on earth; it is not in Heaven. Men with
their feelings unperverted do not love oppression;
angels do not love oppression; the Almighty
Maker of all does not love oppression; in God's
great domain, who is it that loves oppression?
and who loves the oppressor? These emotions
are not voluntary; you cannot compel men to
love you if you would; and you have no right to
coerce them if you could.
But, in point of fact, the complaint is not true
as charged, and its proof is founded in erroneous
casuistry.
An overwhelming majority of the people of the
free States believe that the mass of the slaves,
as now situated, are incapable of the enjoyment
of freedom with safety to themselves or to the
white people. They regard the slavery of the
great mass of the negroes of the South as an ex-
isting necessity, winch no human goodness or
wisdom can at present change. They understand
the danger of tampering with slaves, and the
frightful consequences that might arise from an
unguarded expression m their presence calculated
to excite unkind feelings towards their masters—
since they are in your houses, and nurseries, as
well as on your farms and plantations—and could
so easily, with a gram of virulent poison dropped
i in food or a well, destroy whole families and com-
1 munities; and ourpeople would be no more likely
to excite a temper productive of such a result than
the people of your own States. You have sla-
very in your midst; and how you can dispose of
it God only knows. But while you retain these
people, you must provide for them as best you
can; humanity and Christianity both demand this
at your hands. And when you do this in good
faith, without violating the common laws of hu-
manity and the principles of Christianity, you are
not hated by any one anywhere. It is only when
you hold them for the sordid purposes of gain,
ignoring their common claims to the sympathy of
the human family, that it becomes odious and
hateful; it is when you offensively thrust it upon
us as a great good to be desired and extended and
perpetuated by all the powers of the National
Government, that it excites loathing among the
people of the North. Now, if it shall appear that
you have wantonly excited this opposition to
slavery, it will followthat you have no justcause
to dissolve the Union on that account. This
brings me to the consideration of your next
demand.
C. You demand that the free States shall so mod-
ify their laws as to permit you to hold slaves
within their jurisdictions, for purposes of transit
and temporary sojourn; that is, to tolerate and pro-
tect slavery because your convenience and inter-
est require it. You demand that the free States
shall confer on your citizens privileges that are not
conferred on their own. I inquire here, again,
what reciprocity there is m such a claim? I
ask on what principle of international law, or
international intercourse, you can put forth such
a demand—that one sovereignty shall confer on
the citizens of another sovereignty rights which
it denies to its own people? We were told the
other day, by the Senator from Virginia, [Mr.
Mason,] that gentlemen of the South feel humil-
iated at being restrained by confederates in the
Union from passing through their territories with
slaves, and commanding their services during
a temporary stay,—attempting the first, their
property is confiscated, as in the Lemmon case;
attempting the latter, they become felons;—that
such laws manifest a malignant hatred of the
South, which requires a total separation, or the
repeal of these laws, and other satisfactory guar-
antees to be promptly tendered by the free States.
This is, to say the least, not a very modest de-
mand. Taken in its length and breadth and
depth, it is this: that eighteen free States shall
each promptly agree that the slavehoiding laws
of the slave States shall be extended into their
jurisdictions respectively. They must agree that
the slave States shall not only enact laws for the
government of their own people at home, but that
they shall enjoy the right to dictate laws to the
people of the free States also; that is, that Mis-
souri shall bo permitted to dictate laws for Iowa;
Tennessee for Illinois; Virginiafor Pennsylvania;
South Carolina, Georgia, and Louisiana for New
England. _ It is by such reasoning as this that
secession justifies itself on this floor.
7. The next demand to which I shall allude is
that the equality of the States should be recognized
by the Federal Government. Now, sir, that each
State in the Union is exactly equal, and shall re-
main exactly equal, to every other State in the
enjoyment of her right to make her own laws,
and regulate her own domestic institutions within
her own limits, everybody admits; but I inquire
in what other sense is this claim to equality true?
It is said that we are a confederation of equal
States; and that this equality must be maintained.
Where are the States equal under this confeder-
ation ? Do they have an equal voice m the election
of a President? Certainly not. New York cast-
ing thirty-five votes, and Iowa but four, and Flor-
ida throe. Are they equal in the other branch of
Congress? Not at all. You may say that they
are equal on this floor; but in what sense are they
equal? Do you vote by States here ? Not at all;
each Senator has one distinct vote, and the two
Senators from each State are often divided; so
that a bill may pass this body with the approval
of but one of the States of the Union, if the Sen-
ators from the other thirty-two States should
chance to be equally divided. Nor are States
represented in the Federal courts.
Then what becomes of this claim of the equal-
ity of the States under the Constitution? They
are equal at home; that is, they are equal in the
enjoyment of a common right to regulate their
own domestic affairs, subject to the Constitution
and laws of the'United States, and in no other
sense; and it seems to-day that Senators on the
other side of the Chamber perceive the truth of the
