THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 29,
'What tken > "EtSlir, upon that point, the words
of wisdom which fell from the lips of the patriot
Jackson, in his Farewell Address to our people:
" ff such a struggle is once be<*un. and the citizens of
one section of the country arrayed m aims against those of
nnotbei in doubtful conflict, let the battle re:-ultas it may,
there will be an end of the Union, and with it an end of
the Dopes of freedom. The victory of the injured would
not secure to them the blessings of liberty j it would avenge
their wrongs, but they themselves would share in the com-
mon ruin."
I cite tliese remarks to show the opinion of a
great mind as to the probability of a reconstruc-
tion of the Union if blood be shed in conflict. It
>V9S natural that this great man, the every pul-
iation of whose heart was for his country, and
his whole country, should have taken a strong
$nd gloomy view of the condition of things beyond
a disruption, and that especially upon the occa-
sion which led him to address the country.
. Sir, if blood be unjustly shed in this quarrel,
believe me, all hope of reconciliation is gone.
This Union, after such catastrophe, can never
bo reconstructed. Like one of those beautiful
vases from Etruria, which has descended to us
from remote antiquity, once broken into frag-
ments, all the craft of the potter cannot restore it
to its pristine integrity. No, sir; this Union can-
not be held together by force—by any other cohe-
sion than that of affection. Do not rely in such
contest upon your admitted superiority in wealth
and population.
But you will have to come to invade us upon
our soil. Perhaps, it has been said, no instance
is to be found in the civilized world where a nation
was conquered at its own door, unless betrayed
by traitors at home, or by their own abject sub-
mission. The southern States have not reached
either of these points. You may come among us
with the star-spangled banner of our once happy
Union, around which gather rich recollections;
hut no piece of hunting, star-aud-stripe itali over
as you may, can make us untrue to the home of
our birth and affection. Let there be no strife
between us, I pray you. But if you persist in it,
come on. Jlut cita mors, aut l(Cta victoria.
Mr. Speaker, lot me say a word for South Car-
olina. Her people arc our kindred in blood,
and bear the same honored name which wo do.
She is without representation on this Hour, or in
the Senate; and 1 cannot suffer to pass over the
unkind reflections upon her, the studied misrep-
resentation of all her acts and doings, without a
word in her defense. It in easy to accuse our
neighbor of acts done under excitement. The
charitable mind would indeed search for excuse
and apology forrashconducton the partoffriends.
You accuse her of precipitancy. The wrongs
she has suffered, in common with her sisters, I
have endeavored to portray to you. Posterity
must judge.
You accuse her of perfidy in seizing the forts
in her harbor. Massachusetts revolted during the
war of 1812. She sent embassadors here to treat
of partition. She declared the annexation of Tex-
as cause of dissolution; and in 1837, because the
Governmentthought proper to collect the postages
in change,she in solemn meeting debated, in Fan-
euil Hall, resolutions of resistance, peaceably if
she could, forcibly if necessary—resistance at all
hazards. The papers of the day treat the excite-
ment as fearful, threatening revolution. Indeed,
Mr. Abbot Lawrence declared that possibly in a
week the crew might have to rise and forcibly
seize the ship. But this was in ioyal Massachu-
setts, not in rebellious South Carolina.
Now, let me reverse the case. Supposcaporty
came into existence upon a platfoim something
like the Chicago platform, which, instead of re-
pressing slavery in any State, should impose it
upon certain others. Suppose that party hud tri-
umphed, hod clectedits President, and had a pros-
pective possession of the Senate .and of tins
llouse; and suppose its forts, which command
the city of Boston, were to be reinforced andgar-
risoncd by mercenary soldiers, whose intention
was to overawe the State of Massachusetts, how
long a time do you think would elapse before the
people of Massachusetts would take possession
and garrison those forts? Before you could walk
over the Long Bridge they would take those forts;
arjd they would do right. If they did not, they
would be unworthy of the name of those who
threw the tea overboard in Boston harbor, in the
days of the Revolution. Let mp say thus much
in behalf of South Carolina—a State which has
illustrated your political history, and given to you
great statesmen, •' immortal names which were
not born to die," and which has on the field of
arms, when the national honor was to be vindi-
cated, poured out her blood like water.
I ask you to take warning from the events
which are rapidly occurring. I acknowledge my-
self anxious to save the Union. I do not know
that it can be saved. Perhaps it cannot be. The
probabilities are that it cannot be, in its former
integrity. If it can be, it is only by securing the
border States to you, and availing yourself of
their influence ana their example upon the Gulf
States. I know that the apprehensive faculties
of the North have scarcely been awakened to the
real condition of things.
But, look around you and observe these vacant
seats. From the fretted roof which adorns this
hall, are suspended the shields of the seceding
States. There are glassed their emblems and
their ensigns. I sec the green palmetto of South
Carolina, but under its shadow sits no son of
hers. I see the Georgian temple of liberty, but
no son of hers guards its sacred portals. Do not
push us too far. Do not flatter yourselves that
we shall succumb from weakness. Much as I
might value the honorable maintenance of the
Union, I have no fears for a southern confederacy.
The tempest may indeed howl, and the red light-
ning glare; there may be strife and commotion in
the political element. Occasionally, dark clouds
may overcast the political heavens, but in the
intervals of succession shall brightly burn those
fifteen stars which form the Southern constella-
tion, signs and tokens forever.
Mr. VAN WYCK obtained the floor.
Mr. BRANCH. I rise to a privileged motion.
I move that the House do now adjourn.
Mr. BOCOCK. It is not a privileged motion
when the gentleman from New York has the
floor.
Mr. BRANCH. But it is a privileged motion
before he has the floor.
Mr. ASHLEY. I ask the gentleman from New
York to yield to me a moment?
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. I object.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I would,withgreat
pleasure, under ordinary circumstances, be will-
ing to adjourn; but I would much rather now
listen to the tones of my friend from New York.
Mr. BRANCH. Asgcntlemenaroundmcseem
desirous to have the gentleman go on this even-
ing, I will withdraw the motion to adjourn.
Mr. ASHLEY. I ask the gentleman from New
York to yield a moment? All I want is to intro-
duce an amendment which I shall offer to the re-
port of the select committee of thirty-three, that
it may be printed.
No objection being made,
Mr. ASHLEY introduced an amendment; which
which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. DAWES. Will the gentleman yield me
the floor ?
Mr. VAN WYCK. I yield to the gentleman.
Mr. DAWES. I move that the House do now
adjourn, as there is no quorum present.
'The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Biuggs in
the chair.) The gentleman from New York is
upon the floor.
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman from New
York has yielded to me; and I have the floor.
Mr. SICKLES. I object to the gentleman
yielding the floor.
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman from New
York has already yielded to me.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Docs tho gentle-
man from New York yield the floor?
Mr. GOOCH. I rise to a point of order. The
gentleman from New York yielded the floor to
my colleague without objection, and you recog-
nized my colleague as having the floor.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair^lid
not understand the gentleman from New York
as yielding the floor; and I now propound the
question to him.
Mr. SICKLES. I object.
Mr. GOOCH. I appeal from the decision of
the Chair.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman
from New York is entitled to the floor, unless he
yields it.
Mr. SICKLES. I rise to a point of order. It
in not competent for tho gentleman from New
York to yield the floor, unless by the unanimous
consent of the House. That point was made upon
me the other day.
Mr. GOOCH. I had appealed from the de-
cision of the Chair.
Mr. COX. The gentleman has not the floor
to make an appeal.
Mr. CONKLING. I move to lay that appeal
upon the table.
Mr. COX. The gentleman from New York
has not the floor to make that motion.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair will
recognize no gentleman, and put no motion, until
order is restored.
Mr. SICKLES. I rise to a point of order.
Mr. GOOCH. I have appealed from the de-
cision of the Chair, [cries of " Order!" "Order!'*
from the Democratic side;] and I want that de-
cided.
Mr. SICKLES. I raised [  Order!" "Order!"
from the Republican side] the first question of
order; and I claim the attention of the Chair. 1
want to know who has the floor.
Mr. GOOCH. Mr. Speaker 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. One at a time,
gentlemen.
Mr. GOOCH. I want my point of*order de-
cided before anything else is done.
Mr. SICKLES. I call the gentleman from
Massachusetts to order.
J4r. GOOCH. The gentleman himself is not
in order.
Mr. SICKLES. I am now calling you to order.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair calls
gentlemen to order.
Mr. GOOCH. An appeal has been taken from
the decision of the Chair*, and I want that appeal
decided,
Mr. SICKLES. I call the gentleman from
Massachusetts to order. I have the floor.
The SPEAKER jjj'o tempore. The Chair wishes
to dispose of the question of order raised by the
gentleman from Massachusetts.
Mr. SICKLES. It is to that very point I rise.
The gentleman from Massachusetts could not
raise a point of order when there was one already
pending.
Mr. GOOCH. My question was raised before
the gentleman from New York rose at all. I took
an appeal from the decision of the Chair, and a
motion has been made to lay that appeal upon the
table; and that motion has been entertained by
the Chair.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair will
endeavor to dispose of the question of order.
Docs the gentleman from New York yield the
floor?
Mr. YAN WYCK. I yield it to the gentleman
from Massachusetts.
Mr. CONKLING. I object.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman
from New York has a right to yield the floor; but
the Chair does not understand whether he yields
it or not.
Mr.DAWES. The gentleman fromNewYork
has twice yielded the floor to me; and I have made
a motion to adjourn.
The SPEAKER pro tempore* The Chair will
put the question on the motion to adjourn.
Mr. CONKLING. Objection was made to the
gentleman yielding the floor.
Mr. SICKLES. I rise to a point of order.
Tho Chair having decided that my colleague had
the floor, the gentleman from Massachusetts asked
him to give way for a motion to adjourn. Objec-
tion was made to my colleague yielding for that
purpose; and I maintain that, without unanimous
consent, my colleague cannot yield the floor for
any motion. I cite, as a precedent for that ob-
jection, the objection made by the other side of
the House, the other day, to the gentleman from
Virginia [Mr. Clemens] yielding the floor to me,
under similar circumstances, to offer an amend-
ment. The whole of the other side of the House
objected to that, and now I insist on the applica-
tion of the same rule to them. I cite their author-
ity as conclusive, and I object to my colleague
yielding the floor.
Mr. DAWES. I want to know whether I have
any rights upon this floor, on this occasion, or
not. [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair de-
cides that it is competent for a member to yield
the floor; and if the gentleman from New York,
