APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 11,
36th Cong....2d Sess.
State of the Union—Mr. Harlan.
Senate.
have as distinctly condemned! Here is the prop-
osition submitted by the Senator from Missis-
sippi, [Mr. Davis,] and I invite the attention of
every Senator to the character of these terms of
peace; , .
" Resolved, -That it shall be declared, by amendment of
the Constitution, that property in slaves, i eeognizud as sueli
by the" local law of miy of the States of the Union, shall
stand on the same footing in all constitutional and Federal
relations as. any other species of pioperty so recognizcd ;
and*, like other property, shall not be subject to bo di-
vested or impaired by the local law of any other State,
either in cscape thereto or of transit or sojourn of the owner
therein; and in no case whatever sliali such property he
subject to be divested or impaired by any legislative act of
the United States, or or any of the Territoiies thereof."
The very proposition on which you went to
the country and were vanquished. Here is the
proposition of the Senator from Georgia, [Mr.
Toombs:]
" Resolved, That declaratory clauses to the Constitution
of the United States, ampiy securing the following prop-
ositions, be recommended "for adoption:
" 1. That the people of the United Slates shall have an
equal right to emigrate to and settle in the present or any
future acquired Territories, with whatever piopeity they
may possess, (including slaves,) and be securely ptofecfed
in its peaceable enjoyment, until such Territory may be
admitted as a State in the Union, with or without slavery,
as she may determine, on an equality with alt existing
States."
That is but a different collection of words de-
manding the Breckinridge platform as the con-
dition of peace. Here is the proposition of the
Senator from Tennessee, [Mr. Johnson:]
" Resolved, That the select committee of thirteen be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of establishing, by
constitutional provision—
" First. A line running through the territory of the Uni-
ted States not included within the States, making an equi-
table and just division of said territory, south of which line
slavery shall be recognized and protected as pioperty by
ample and full constitutional guarantees, and north of
which line it shall be prohibited."
The proposition submitted by the Senator from
Kentucky, now before me, [Mr. Crittenden,]
is on this* subject a little more modest. It, like
the last, however, proposes a congressional slave
code for *11 the Territories south of 36° 30' north
latitude, and, like all the others, proposes to hu-
- initiate the people of the free States by requiring
them to surrender their own principles and adopt
yours; and this proposition is proposed as a con-
dition precedent, as it would seem, to the peace-
able inauguration of the President elect, 1 ask
the Senator from Kentucky if lie expects the ma-
jority thus to humble themselves at the feet of
the minority ?
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I hope I shall be allowed
a word. I am surprised to hear the gentleman
say that 1 propose a slave code. 1 thought \ had
carefully avoided that. 1 took things as they were,
and say that the la^s as they now exist shall con-
tinue to exist, and what protection they give shall
be extended; that neither Congress nor the terri-
torial government shall legislate on the subject,
This is the congressional code that I propose.
The code that exists is not a congressional one at
all; it is a territorial one; and as we have come to
the point whore 1 suppose some settlement should
take place, I propose that we shall take the status
as it exists. It relieves us from all legislation. I
propose merely to give what protection the pres-
ent laws give—nothing more.
Mr. HAItLAN. I am very much gratified that
the Senator has corrected me. 1 do not desire to
misrepresent ins proposition.
Mi. CRITTENDEN, i am sure the gentle-
man does not.
Mr. HARLAX^. Here is the language, how-
ever, of the printed bill which 1 have on my desk: i
"In all the Tciritono *-oiitn of said line ot latitude,
slavviy of the Afucan lacc i.- hcieby recognized as exist-
ing'*—
Mr. CRITTENDEN. That ts all.
Mr. KAULAN 11 is recognized as existing',
" and shall not he interfered withhy Consuls, hut shall be
prote< tea a- property by all the depaitments of the ternto-
rial govenum-m uuring iw continuance."''
Mr. CRITTENDEN. According to their own
laws.
Mr. HARLAN. I shall be happy, Mr. Pres-
ident, to find that the proposition submitted is
less objectionable than i at first supposed it to be.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. It 1ms been one of my
objects to exclude the idea of legislating by Con-
gress. The re^iution is silent on the subject-
Mr. HARLAN. Printed propositions have
been laid on our desks, coming from the other
side of the Chamber, proposing to amend the res-
olutions of the Senator from Kentucky, (I do not
now see them, hence I cannot recite their provis-
ions;) but their effect would be to conform the
Senator's proposition to the requirements of the
Breckinridge platform. And the proposition, as
it stands—as it seems to me—recognizes slavery
as existing in the Territories south of 360 30 , and
provides that it shall continue during the exist-
ence of the territorial government. The Senate
has heard the proposition which came from the
►Senator from Virginia to-day, which is an enlarged
demand over that of any other Senator who has
spoken on this subject.
I ask then,Mr.President, if itcan be expected
that a triumphant paity—I may say a union of
parties, so id* as that principle of the right to
exclude slavery from the Territories is concerned,
unprecedented in the history of this country—
will humble themselves at the feet of a minority
that is so very small? Will any honorable man
consent to humiliate himself 
Mr. PUGH. I should like to interrupt the
Senator a moment, with lus permission.
Mr. HARLAN. Certainly.
Mr. PUGH. I heard him indistinctly before;
bu t, as he has repeated it, I wish to ask him a ques-
tion. I understand him to say that the support-'
ers of Mr. Douglas in the last campaign main-
tained the power of Congress to exclude slavery
from the Territories.
Mr. HARLAN. No, sir.
Mr. PUGH. Certainly not one of them, to my
knowledge, ever admitted it,
Mr. HARLAN. My statement was, that the
friends of Mr. Douglas in the recent election,
maintained the right to exclude slavery from the
Territories.
Mr. PUGH. Or to admit it, as the people
choose.
Mr. HARLAN. And, as a means for its ex-
clusion, would use the Territorial Legislature.
The mainpointat issue was: can slavery be right-
fully excluded i The Republicans said it could.
The Douglas Democrats m my part of the coun-
try also maintained that it could; and that the
means they would select was preferable, consid-
ered in the light of efficiency, to the means pro-
posed by the Republicans. <£ Why," said they,
" look at your northern hordes, millions of men,
free to emigrate; throw open the Territories, and
allow the people who enter them to exercise their
own choice on this subject; and can you doubt,
educated as the great majority of the settlers will
have been, that they will remove slavery from
every Territory organized under the jurisdiction
of the United States ?"
Mr. PUGH. I hope the Senator will allow me
to interpose.
Mr. HARLAN. Certainly.
Mr. PUGH. 1 think I can speak for the De-
mocracy of Iowa better than he can. In the first
place, 1 was very well acquainted before, and at
the time, with the delegates in the Charleston and
Baltimore conventions. All that we have ever
claimed was, that the people of the Territories
should have the right to exclude it or to admit it,
at will; andas for any assertion that the Democ-
racy of the North meant to exclude slavery as a
proposition, and availed themselves of the doctrine
of popular sovereignty for that purpose, it is an
invention of the enemy.
Mr. HARLAN. 1 do not say that either the
Senator, or any of his party friends, desired to
exclude slavery from the Territories. I am in-
clined to think some of them do not entertain such
a desire, especially those of them who, though
residing in the free States, are the owners of
slaves. The point of principle, however, cannot
be evaded. The right to exclude, slavery from thg
Territories was maintained by the Douglas Democ-
racy all over the Union. It was so announced by
that eminent gentleman in the city of New Or-
leans, in Baltimore, at Norfolk, and everywhere
over the Union; and I doubt not he is indebted to
that frankness for the smallness of the vote polled
for him in the slaveholding States. 'The principle
then maintained by them was, that slavery might
bo rightfully and constitutionally excluded from
the Territories. So it was by the Republican
party. The Republican party say it may be done
by Congress or a Territorial Legislature. The
Douglas Democrats say it may be done by a Ter-
ritorial Legislature only.
Now, sir, that vote,-Ire-peat, amounted to more
than three and a third million; and the united vote
for both the opposing parties, and their propor-
tion of the fusion votes, did not amount to one and
a half million. The proposition here, then, is,
that we shall surrender; ana the question that I was
propounding to the Senator from Kentucky was,
whether it was probable, judged in the light of
history, that such a mass of freemen would, under
the threats that are here presented, surrender to a
minority so very small ? Why not harmonize on
a proposition that requiics no humiliation, no sur-
lender from either the victors or the vanquished ?
Why not harmonize on the proposition defended
by my colleague and other eminent Republicans in
the committee of thirteen, to admit the territory
south of 3f>° 30' as a State, and the territory north
as a State or States, with a reserved right to
divide them, as in the case of Texas, whenever
the population may be sufficient to justify it, and
the interest of the people may require it? The
population is sufficient; and they are pecuniarily
able to defray the expenses of their own govern-
ments. This would require no surrender of prin-
ciple by you or by us; and would diminish the
expenses of this (Government hundreds of thou-
sands of dollars annually. It would forever re-
move the discussion of slavery from the Halls
of Congress and the arena of political strife. Or
do you desire to take revenge on the Republicans
first, that you may enjoy its sweets before a set-
tlement can be agreed on?
I ask again, can you expect that the masses of
freemen from eighteen States of this Confederacy,
having legally elected their candidate for the Pres-
idency on a distinct announcement of principles,
upon which issue was joined, will submit to hu-
miliating terms as conditions precedent to the
transfer of the reins of government to their hands ?
They would be unworthy of the rights of freemen
if they would consent to such a disgrace. I an-
nounce to you here distinctly that, in my solemn
conviction, you cannot extort a surrender of one
hair's breadth of principle from the Republican
party in advance of the inauguration of Mr. Lin-
coln. They have demanded at your hands noth-
ing that is wrong, and they will submit to no
wrong and no humiliation.
Now, it is for you to say whether you prefer a
peaceable adjustment that does not involve a sur-
render of principle on your part nor on ours, or
whether you prefer the arbitrament of arms. No-
bodyon this side of the Chamber has threatened,
as was erroneously charged to-day, such a conflict.
Several Senators have expressed their great and
abiding fear that that would be the result of seces-
sion movements at the South at this crisis in our
public affairs. They have fears, I say, that you
will plunge this country into civil war, and drench
Us plains with fraternal blood, through the mad-
ness of your chagrin over a political defeat at the
polls.
Southern Senators have spoken of the military
resources which their .section can command for
the conflict, and their powers of protracted resist-
ance and aggression; thcyha^e intimated that
such a war would be long and bloody, and mutu-
ally disastrous. It would be fearful and terrible, X
doubt not; but it would be very brief. I say it
would be very brief; and I challenge your atten-
tion to history for the truth of the assertion.
The time has been, Mr. Piosident, when war
merely involved a conflict between animal forces.
That time has past. Your struggle for mdepeitd-
enccinvolvcd you in a war of seven or eight years.
The world has changed since then. Mind con-
trols.
Senators have said here that cotton is king. No,
sir; in this kind of contest science is king, and
warlike elements are his vassals. Why, sir,
your war with Mexico lasted but a year. You
subjugated her ten million people in a single year.
The contest between the Russians, a powerful
empire, on the one hand, and the English and
French on the other, at the Crimea, lasted but two
summers. A conflict between the French and
Austrians more recently, where half a million of
combatants were marshaled on the plains against
