1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Thishour witnesses the fulfillment of all wc have
predicted as to the encroachments and demands
of slavery. From coercing the labor of one race,
it places its hand on our throat, and, in the lan-
guage of the highwayman, demands our money
or our life,ourGovernmentor our principles. Do
they fa.il to see that, when this institution is car-
ried to the Territories, the freemen of the North
are driven from it?
Whatacommentaryupon this institution, that,
iilte the Upas tree, every green leaf and flower of
those rights which exalt man and dignify his ex-
istence, must perish beneath its shadow. A few
days since, when the gentleman from Georgia
was delivering his valedictory, and presenting his
grievances to the world, ho said they could not tol-
erate that white men like Sumner should address
southern audiences; and thatfreedom of the press
and circulation of printed matter could not be al-
lowed in his State; and, for fear the incoming Ad-
ministration should exercise its power to prevent
the rifling of the mails in southern States, where
we pay from the Treasury $2,500,000 for their
transportation, he gave notice, in advance, that
they would commit treason and destroy the Union.
Can the enormity of the slave power be presented
in any stronger light? This very day, benea^i
the shadow of hoary oppression, and at the foot
of thrones covered with the dust of centuries, free
speech and free press begins to grow and flourish.
Yet the American Republic, at the peril of its ex-
istence, is forced to extend a system more des-
potic than tyranny and more dogmatical than
priestcraft.
The popular sovereignty candidate for the
Presidency, after the humiliating boast that he
could travel through the South unharmed, adds
that Abraham Lincoln was born in Kentucky—
the graves of his parents were there—but he dare
not visit them. Dare not! Is that the language
to address to American citizens ? That little sen-
tence contributed more to the election of Lincoln
than the speeches of ail his friends. If that were
true, freemen could feel and understand its force;
and the quiet, though stern, men of the nation
would naturally inquiio upon what principles the
Government was being administered. Dare not
go by the graves of his fathers ! A man born in
Kentucky, with no brand on his brow, and no
stain on his sou], pure and upright in all the
relations of life, charged with no crime against
the laws of God and man, dare not travel through
what he boasts to call his country, to plant flow-
ers or shed tears upon the graves of his ances-
tors ! And you coolly say we must have no Gov-
ernment to protect such men. Kentucky 1ms
spurned the demagogue, and now she repudiates
his libel.
Now, you ask us to compromise. What have
we to concede? We have done you no wrong,
and propose none. You have been compromising
for years, until you yourselves have often told us
the day for compromise was past. You com-
promised ill 1850, and called it a finality. You
compromised in 1854 by violating a sacred com-
promise, called thai a finality, and said you had
removed the agitation out of Congress. The only
finality we have had for years, we had at the
ballot-box the Gth day of November last. True
to your instincts, you are trying to set aside that
finality that you may renew agitation. You pro-
pose now to lay your hands upon the ark of the
covenant our fathers set up; to amend the Con-
stitution; to give you greater guarantees for sla-
very than the States exacted when each held
slaves. You have suggested no compromise that
does not involve submission and surrender on our
part. You have proposed no plan which concedes
anything to the North. You aslc us to admit the
truth of your charges against us, by a declaration
in the Constitution, that wo will never steal your
slaves or deprive you of your rights. Of what
avail would that be if your present position is
correct, that one State, however insignificant, can
destroy the whole fabric? You who have vio-
lated the Constitution and set the laws at defiance,
are demanding constitutional guarantees that we
will do neither! Will you tell what concessions
you propose to the North? Do you propose any
additional security for the protection of the life
and liberty of the northern man in the slave States?
Additional security for the sacred right of prop-
erty, when that property consists in books on
political, moral, or religious subjects not having
your approbation? That you will not banish the
cottage Bible from your realm becauscjts com-
piler may be opposed to slavery? Any secur-
ity for the freedom of speech and press, already
supposed to be secur.ed by the Constitution?
You say you concede to freedom north of 36°
30': that is no concession. We bought that right
in 1820, when we received Missouri as a slave
State into the Union. You forced that right from
us in 1854, and then we conquered it through the
strife and blood of a civil war; so that we have
already a double title—first by purchase, and then
by conquest. But you yield to freedom all that
we may acquire north of that line. We never
can obtain any more. Canada and the British
possessions will never be ours. All our future
acquisitions, if any, must be south of that line in
the direction of the tropics, and you demand its
unconditional surrender to slavery. Under the de-
lusion of a compromise you seek to betray us into
a surrender to the very men who are compact-
breakers, and who claim that a compromise, to
which the faith of the nation was pledged, had no
sacredness beyond an ordinary act for the collec-
tion of the revenue or the establishment of a post
route. You have for years been telling us that
all geographical lines were sectional and danger-
ous to the peace and stability of the Union, en-
tirely unconstitutional; finally, you obtained a de-
cision of the Supreme Court to that effect, when
you suddenly discover that the Constitution is
unconstitutional, and you seek its amendment to
establish sectional lines. In 1820 you establish
the Missoun line to save the Union; in 1854 you
destroy it to save the Union; and now, in 18G1,
you can see the salvation of the Republic only
through its reestablishment and perpetuity, with
the new and startling condition annexed, that
slavery must be forever protected in all our future
acquisitions. No wonder gentlemen are regretting
its destruction; no wonder ghosts of murdered
victims will rise before them, and not down at
their bidding; no wonder they should strive to
banish the apparition of the bloody hand, and men
like the Senator from Illinois should desire to act
as though tliey had never uttered a word or cast
a vote.
Your unholy crusade, therefore, against the
Union, is to extend the areaof slavery. For that
purpose you invoke the God of battles, when your
system ignores all Mis attributes and defies the
spirit of His teachings. You talk of the sacredness
of your homes, when for years you have been
despoiling the homes of thousands, and suffer four
million human beings to have no hearthstones
around which the affections may cluster. You
talk about the recollection of wives and children
to nerve your arm, when your system destroys
the relation of husband anil wife, and violates tile
holiest tie of parent and child. You talk of re-
construction. Believe it not. The compromises of
the present Constitution once lost, you never can
regain. Think you another Senate can be formed
wherein Delaware and Florida can equal New
York and Pennsylvania? Another House of Rep-
resentatives wherein you will be allowed twenty
Representatives on account of your property in
man ? You are now opposed to the Army and
Navy, because yon boldly assert that an enforce-
ment of the laws means a coercion of the States.
You were willing to vote millions to transport
troops and provisions two thousand miles, over
prairie and desert, to coerce our brethren mUtah
when you said they were in rebellion to the Gov-
ernment. You sent the Army into Kansas to
subdue the freemen in the Noith. You have used
the Federal tioops to enforce the fugitive slave
law. When John Brown, with as much authority
to seize the property of the nation as you possess,
took the arsenal at Harper's Ferry, the marines of
the United States were sent to its rescue. You
dreaded not then its despotic power. The camp
had no terrors. The plume of the soldier and the
gilded trappings of the officer did not fill you with
disgust. You oppose coercion; yet, by force of
armed men, you seize the foits and navy-yards
of the United States, and trample the stars and
stripes in the dust.
I desire not to preserve this Union at the point
of the bayonet; but we do not mean to be driven
from it by force. If you desire a peaceablc seces-^
sion, why do you not seek it? A convention of
all the States possibly ■ -would bid the seceding
States depart in peace. But when -you forcibly
seize the Federal property, and then fire upon its
flag, you should not sit down and- picture the
horrors of civil vrar. You seem willing to spread
the pall of desolation over the land, strike down
the last home of the oppressed, theiast hope of
freedom, for thepurpose of extending, in thename
of liberty, and under the shield of religion, the
institution of slavery. The gentleman from Ma-
ryland, [Mr. Harris,] who has just taken his
seat, appeals to us most earnestly to make some
compromise to save the Union. Why not appeal
to the men whoarelaboringfor itsdcstruction J As
well stop the bold fireman who is heroically strug-
gling with the flames, instead of seizing the incen-
diary who applied the torch to the temple. We
desire not the destruction even of South Carolina.
Jewish history, which you so much venerate, ad-
monishes us that they had a South Carolina in
their confederacy, and she seceded. After three
severe battles, the disunionists were exterminated.
The conquerors-indulged in no shouts of victory,
but " came to the house of God, and abode .there
till even, before God, and lifted up their voices and
wept sore; and said: O Lord God of israel, why
is this come to pass in Israel, that there should be
to-day one tribe lacking in Israel ?rt
If the people consent, let the cotton States de1-
part. Then let us vote millions to purchase the
slaves of the border States as fast as either ofthem
may desire to sell; then, let us purchase for them
a home in Central America, where,by our foster-
ing care, we may rear them to habits of industry
and good government, and, in a measure, atone
for the injury and injustice ages of oppression
have heaped upon them.
An intelligent correspondent of the New York
Herald furnishes that paper the following figures-:
Slavery in Maryland has decreased 6,000 in the
last decade. There are in that State 80,000 slaves;
which, at §500 per head-, would only amount to
$40,000,000. A duty of ten per cent on the
§400,000,000 of annual imports would pay for
them in a single year. Baltimore would soon rival
Philadelphia as a manufacturing city,and Main-
land would be converted into a garden to supply
the wants of northern cities. Delaware has only
2,000 slaves. One million dollars would indem-
nify the owners, and make her a free State. Mis-
souri has but 100,000 slaves. Fifty million dollars
would pay for them, and make her rival Illinois
in wealth, population, and improvement. Thus
less than §100,000,000 would rid them all of an
institution for which neither their climate nor
products are suited, and bestow on them the ad-
vantages of free labor.
You also insist upon dissolving the Union be-
cause some men believe that slavery will finally
pass from the earth. Who that has faith in God
does not believe that in the end all forms of op-
pression will disappear ? Continued struggles for
thousands of years, offering up millions of lives
and oceans of blood, have not yet solved the
problem of the white man's deliverance. Man
for ages was as blind as the unthinking horse}
the mind in its crude development revealed not
to him the secret of his power, norhisrightdivine
to a free manhood, as of stern justice, uprising
from the innate intelligence within him. Had it
been otherwise, the throne and he who sat on it
would have been powdered in the dust; nor longer
would the body have submitted to stripes and
chains, nor the spirit flapped its wings against
bonds and prison walls in its soarings to be free.
The wild democracies of Greece would have made
liberty calm and tranquil as a summer sea, and the
turbulent republics of the Swiss cantons would
have humbled the proud palaces of Europe before
the stern and steady tramp of enlightened free-
men. Everywhere we sympathize for the op-
pressed, and hope for their deliverance. Mr.
Yancey, in a speech in New York city, last Octo-
ber, said the Russian serf had the right to revo-
lution. Every man can run the parallels. In
the late heroic struggle for Italian nationality and
unity, were we not allowed to breathe the prayer
that from her baptism of blood the sun of uni-
versal freedom might break forth and light man's
pathway with a brightness as clear and beautiful
and free as that winch tinged her mellow waves,
beamed in beauty upon her valleys, and fringed
the brown summits of her towering mountains.
