THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 29,
We believe the time must come when the white
race will be free and the African no longer a slave.
Do you now propose to retard the civilization of
the world for centuries and to turn back the hands
on the dial of liberty? Would you inaugurate
the time when beneath shadows of the monuments
reared in freedom's cause the watch-fires will
cease to burn; " when the patriot mother, nursing
her half-famished infant, will startle at the hoot
of the owl or the rustling of the raven's wing?"
God grant you may never accomplish so much.
I would rather hope for returning reason, or even
ayenging justice, and patiently await the time
when
" Freedom, hand in hand with labor,
Walketh strong and brave;
Oil the forehead of his neighbor
No man writeth,4 slave!'"
I said last winter, I repeat now: I will institute
no comparison between the Worth and the South
as to numbers or natural courage. Read the les-
sons of history, and learn from them of those who
have been roared "where nature's heart beats
strong and high amid the hills." You may widen
and deepen the gulf between freedom and slavery;
but can you vainly hope to bridge the Hellespont
or canal Mount Athos?
The principles of our fathers we will ever adore
as " tokens upon our hands" and as " frontlets
between our eyes." You may shatterthe Union;
but the holiest association for ages to come will
gather around and garnish its rums. The travel-
stained pilgrim in liberty's cause will, through all
time, weep its overthrow.
"I.ike the vaso m which roses havG once been distilled;
You mtvy break, you may ruin, the vase, if you will;
But the scent ot'the roses will hang round it still."
You may destroy our temple, but, like the sacred
olive 011 the Acropolis, the burnt stump will im-
mediately put forth a " fresh shoot, a cubit in
length." Have you some modern Minotaur, for
which periodically you will exact a tribute of
principle.' Can you not be satisfied with the
golden fleece; but will you carry oiTsome Medea
besides? Pursue not so far that, like Aristome-
nes, you may lose your shield, and there may
be no case of Trophonius in which to find it.
Let us be true to the Constitution, the Union,
and the laws; let us no longer sepulcher dreams
that are dead; and the lainbow of promise will
arch again for us, and the visions of night once
more be gilded with glory.
1 think I can see the finger of the Almighty
moving on the troubled waters. Men and nations
will do but little in warring against His decrees,
orcompromising His judgments. Reckless threats
or idle boasts of your power and courage will
avail nothing. The gentleman from Virginia ex-
ulted that Lconidas and his three hundred Spar-
tans were slaveholder. He may yet learn that
a people can possess the vices and evils of one
generation without attaining to their valor and
greatness. Rememberthathisarmisstrongwhose
cause is just. The slaves of the Greeks were of
the white races, of those captured in war, with
whom they compromised bygivmgslavery instead
of death. At that period of the world, the Ethio-
pian was highly esteemed. The Grecian said
" he was of swarthy complexion from his neigh-
borhood to the sun, was a favorite of the gods,
and sometimes honored by visits from the celes-
tials. " Peter faltered jn the path of duty, and fell.
Christ refused to compromise, and established Ilis
divinity. Like Peter, we arc erring. If anything
could seduce us from the integrity of our faith,
it would be to strike hands over the altar of our
common liberties with noble patriots at the South
and on this floor, who, feeling that they have a
country to save and a God to serve, have rebuked
disunion and branded treason.
All hail the gallant State of Kentucky, peering
like a rock in mid-ocean, unshaken by wind and
wave, beating back the mad, tempestuous billows!
Your gallant Holt unmasked treason at the capi-
tal , and your noble A wlerson sustained your honor
and ours atFortSumtcr. Land of the " dark and
bloody ground,''' whose name kindles glorious
associations and holy memories! Brave, loyal
men of Kentucky; you of the "lion heart and
eagle eye^havegivenanewaugury that the Union
must be preserved in fadeless immortality, Come
not as suppliants, nor with arms in your hands,
but as you are coming, with the simple garland
of olive on your brows, and hearts glowing with
Jove for the Constitution and laws of your coun-
try; make known your grievances; and the nation
will rise up -with one accord to do you justice.
Do such a people wrong? Never! Southern men
who have made this charge against us will be the
first to renounce it. No, sir; the least of the rights
of Kentucky under the Constitution can never be
taken or attempted to be taken from her. Should
her lights be invaded, thousands of northern
swords would leap from their scabbards, and
every free State would feel proud to furnish men
and treasure in her defense.
The great commoner sleeps well on your bosom,
and you are determined that his grave shall never
be moistened with brothers' blood, and over his
tomb shall never be heard the battle-shock of
brothers in conflict. You venerate his memory,
and cherish the sentiments he uttered in the Senate
Chamber in 1850, when G-eorgia was threatening
to scccde from the Union; when he said:
" Now I stand here in my place, meaning to be unawed
by any threats, whether they conic fioiu individuals oi fiom
States. 1 should deplore as much as any man that amis
should be lai&ecl against the authority oftlie Union, either
by individuals or by States. But after all thathas oceuned,
if any one State, or a portion of the people of any State,
choose to place themselves in militaiy array against the
Government of the Union, X am for tiymg the strength of
the Government; I am for nseei taming whether we have a
Government or not—piaetieal, efficient, capable of main-
taining its authonty and upholding the powers and interests
which belong to a Government. Nor, sir, am I to be alarmed
or dissuaded from any such course by intimations of the
spilling of blood. If blood is to be spilt, by whose fault is
it? It*wiU he the fault of those who choose to raise the
standard of disunion and endeavor to prostrate this? Govern-
ment. And, sir, when that is done, so long as it pleases
God to give me a voice to express my sentiments, or an arm,
weak and enfeebled as it maybe by age, that voice ami
that arm will be on the side of my country, for the support
of the general authority, and for the maintenance of the
powers'ofthis Union."
The true men of Kentucky need have no fears of
their brethren in the North; but had they, to their
devotion and nobility almost any concessions
would be yielded that a brave, loyal people ought
to ask of brave, loyal brethren.
Wo have been told by Senators that some of
the southern States are on the war path, and, while
they are brandishing the tomahawk and scalping-
knifc, aboutconverting the warfare of opinion into
a contest of blood; while the Catalines of the na-
tion are conspiring in the Capitol to destroy the
liberties of the people and the poweis of the Gov-
ernment; while treason has been flaunting in the
departments of the Administration, and our proud
ensign, which has commanded the fear of hostile
nationsand the respect of all the world, defiantly
insulted, we are called upon to compromise with
rebels, with cannon pointed at us stolen from the
national arsenals. For myself, sir, never! I would
rather perish on the threshold of this Capitol,
defending the stars and stripes which float over
il, than vote, at such a time, for any compromise
involving a sacrifice of principle. You your-
selves would despise a people who would exhibit
the cowardice to retreat in the face of an armed
and threatening foe. The true men of the North
and South will rally round that standard sheet,
determined to defend and protect it from enemies
without and foes within. Some stars on its glit-
tering fold may dart off into a comet's wandering
or a meteor's flight, but they will find they shine
not so brightly in any other constellation.
In the madness of the hour, you sing no more
our national ballads. " The Star-Spangled Ban-
ner"and Hail Columbia," which for years have
inspired glowing patriotism, no longer kindle in
your hearts the holy emotion of freedom. You
sing now the more incendiary Maiseilles. Be-
ware lest, while you sing, your slaves may learn
to act its poetry—
" Hut man is man, and who is more ?
Then shall they longer lash and goad us?
O, hibeity! can man resign thee,
Once having felt thy generous flame?
Can dungeon bolts and bars con fine thee,
Or whips thy noble spirit tame V
No loval American, whatever his individual or
sectional grievances, can wantonly dishonor the
flag of his fathers. His heart will cling to it in the
spiritofRuth, when she said to Naomi," Whither
thou goest, I wiill go; and where thou lodgest, 1
will lodge; thy people shall be my people, and
thy God my God. Where thou diest will I die;
and there will I be buried."
When the passion of the hour subsides, and
reason leads to a calm reflection, you will say,
with us:
" 'Tis the flag of America, it floats over the brave;
>Tis the fairest unfurled on the land or the wave;
But, though brightest in story and matchless in fight,
'Tis the herald of mercy as weil as of might.
11 In the cause of the wronged may it ever be first,
Where tyrants are humbled, and fetters are burst,'
Be justice the war shout, and dastard is he
Who would scruple to die 'neathtlieflagof the free."
During the delivery of Mr .Van Wyck's speech,
the following proceedings took place:
At the close of the first sentence,
Mr. GOOCH said: I rise to a point of order.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Does the gen-
tleman from New York yield ?
Mr. GOOCH. I rise to a point of order. I
submit that the gentleman from New York is not
in order.
Mr. BURNETT. You cannot get the floor for
that purpose.
Mr. GOOCH. I have it; and I submit the
point of order.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman
will s-tate his point of order.
Mr. GOOCH. The sentence just uttered is
disrespectful to the House. [Laughter.] That
is my point of order.
Mr. BRANCH. The objectionable words must
be reduced to writing.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman
from Massachusetts raises the question of order,
that the remarks of the gentleman from New York
are disrespectful to the House.
Mr. GOOCH. And the country*. [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair over-
rules the point of order.
Mr. GOOCH. I appeal from that decision.
Mr. BRANCH. Let us understand this. If
the gentleman from New York is out of order,
then he cannot proceed without unanimous con-
sent.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman
from New York has not yielded the floor.
Mr. LEACH, of Michigan. I move to lay the
appeal on the table.
Mr. GOOCH. On that I call for the yeas and
nays.
Mr, DAWES. I call for tellers on the yeas
and nays.
Mr. LOGAN. I would like to make a sugges-
tion to the House. [Cries of " Too late ! "J If
the gentleman from New York doesmot desire to
speak to-night, there are other gentlemen who are
willing to deliver a speech without an audience.
[Cries of " Name them !"] I could name many
of them.
Mr. DAWES. That is a question for the gen-
tleman from New York. But what I propose to
know is, whether I can be recognized by the
Chair.
Mr. LOGAN. I have got the floor, and I
inform the gentleman that he cannot take it from
me.
Mr. DAWES. I do not suppose I can take it
from the Chair either.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Does the Chair
understand the gentleman from Illinois to raise
the question of order?
Mr. LOGAN. No, sir. I only wanted to make
a suggestion, that, if the gentleman from New York
does not desire to speak to-night, there are other
gentlemen who are willing to speak without an
audience.
Mi. JOHN COCHRANE. I desire to speak
for a little while.
Tellers were not ordered.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was taken; and the appeal was
laid on the table.
Mr. VANDEVER. I would like to make a
suggestion. [Cries of "Too late !"]
The SPEAKER pro tempore The gentleman
from New York will proceed with his speech.
Mr. BOULIGNY. It is evident,that there is
no quorum present, and that no business should
be transacted without a quorum [Cries of "Ob-
ject!'5] I therefore move that the Sergeant-at-
Arms be sent after the absentees.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman
from New York is entitled to the floor.
Mr. VAN WYCK resumed the delivery of hi3
speech, but was interrupted by
