APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 16,
36th Cong....2d Sess. The Crisis—Its Causes, and the way to meet it—Mr. Morris.
Ho. of Reps.
Geyer;] the Senator still here from Kentucky,
[Mr. Crittenden;] the Senator from Louisiana,
[Mr. Benjamin;] the illustrious Senator then here
from Delaware, [Mr. Clayton,] now gone to his
long and last reward. Need I add others? Where
are they to^day ? The living are standing on the
sectional platform of the Democratic party, or are
superseded by their political opponents; all gone—
all swept away as by a pestilence from this Cham-
ber,'-except the venerable Senator from Kentucky,
■who starias here solitary for a time like a primeval
oak of the forest, after all his peers have been
prostrated by the fury of the storm; and while
the heart of the nation would call out, wood-
man, spare that tree," he too bends and yields to
its power. A sectional Democrat in a few weeks
is to take his place. Yes! you have destroyed
the old Whig party. Swept away has been that
great and noble party by the policy which you
have inaugurated, so offensive to the millions of
freemen from the eighteen States of this Republic.
What else have you done? You have divided
your own party by Mason and Dixon's line from
the Atlantic to the Pacific ocean. You have resus-
citated a buried sectional controversy, and arrayed
the people in fraternal strife, and now, as a last
achievement—I would that truth would spare
hie the announcement—you propose to seize on
the columns that support the temple of Liberty,
at whose altars you have been administering, and
drag it down as you leave its portals. You must
rule, or you must ruin. You say to us that you
distinctly announced your purpose long ago; you
admonished the people of the free States, if they
did not acquiesce in your policy, and indorse your
political dogmas, you would commit this act,
which I refrain from naming here. Yes, you
would destroy the Government that you had sworn
to support, and we disregarded your threats. As
men of observation, could you have anticipated
any other result? Have you so long contemplated
us as a degraded people that you have come to
tliink us all slaves? If not, then I ask you to
refrain from the longer use of theargument of the
outlaw on the highway. Dissolve your moral
support of the flag of treason—the palmetto and
the snake—and return to your allegiance to the
flag under which you have lived so long, and
prospered so well. I hope that civil war, and
carnage, and bloodshed, and disaster, so elo-
quently portrayed by the Senator from Virginia,
may never come; but that Senator, and his col-
leagues on that side of the Chamber, may drag
it on themselves by violating the fundamental
policy on which all our laws rest—the right of a
majority to rule.
jNor do I believe as an individual, (and I spealt
only for myself,) that the people of the free States
of the North, and the awakening patriotism of the
people of the South, will suffer you to consum-
mate that fearful act. Senators sometimes talk as
if they supposed that the destinies of this coun-
try were in the hands of politicians and diploma-
tists alone; and they have occasionally denounced
citizens who take an interest in politics, whose
avocations were different from their own. Yes,
sir, religious people are sometimes denounced for
dabbling in politics—for taking an interest in the
perpetuity of this great Government.
Let me say here, Mr. President, that the hopes
of the Christian world rest 011 the preservation of
this Union. In the very quarter from which you
expect peacc, you will meet with the most fear-
ful opposition. What docs this Government se-
cure to all our people? The right to worship
God according to the dictates of their own con-
sciences—a right that they have not elsewhere in
any large district of country on the face of the
flobe. In some countiies dissenters arc tolerated;
ut here there are no dissenters—or all may be
dissenters, for all enjoy absolute religious freedom.
I believe that no member of that nation, or people,
so wonderful in the world's history, from which
the Senator from Louisiana [Mr. Hunjamin] de-
scends, could enjoy the rights that he enjoys
here in any other civilized country on earth.
He, too, rises here to give his counsel in favor
of the destruction of the Government—the only
one that allows freedom of conscience to his
own .people. Divide this country between the
slave States and the free States, and the great
fear which at once overwhelms the religious world
is that it will then break into many fragments;
that petty despotisms will be setup; that freedom
of conscience, as well as freedom of speech and
freedom of the press, will be trampled under foot,
as the latter are now trampled under foot in the
slave States. And with the fear of the loss of
the right to worship the Almighty under their own
vine and fig tree, where none dare molest or make
afraid, are you prepared to estimate the sacrifices
they will not make to defeat your plans? Vou
ought to know—what I know—that no earthly
consideration could turn them from their purpose.
Senators would do well to pause and read again
the history of the persecutions and of the Inquisi-
tion, if they would properly understand wMt men
will endure for conscience sake. You love your
Government, because it guaranties civil freedom;
the religious wtftld because it is a Government un-
der whose shadow the persecuted from every land
may secure a safe retreat. By your mad schemes
you put this mighty interest in jeopardy, an d touch
a chord that will vibrate in the heart of every in-
telligent Christian throughout the nation and the
world,. The man who promotes the adoption of
the policy which you are proposing, assumes a
fearful responsibility. TheSenatorfrom Virginia
described some of the consequences eloquently,
and painted possible disaster with a master hand.
I therefore entreat him to stay his steps before the
awful plunge is made.
What, then, does the Republican party pro-
pose? What do they demand? They demand
that you shall obey the Constitution of the Uni ted
States, just as your fathers made it, without the
crossing of a t, or the dotting of an i. They de-
mand that you shall acquiesce in the compro-
mises of 1850, which you extorted from that part
of the Republic in which they live. As was well
said by the honorable Senator from Illinois, [Mr.
Trumbull,] on yesterday, the people of the
North, I believe, as one man, will say: "Restore
the laws as they existed in 1854  letter for letter,
and word for word, and then abide by the com-
promise of 1850.
You may feign fear that we will interfere with
your institutions in the slave States. Time at
last will develop the fact that all those fears are
groundless, and they are now based on the false
charges of our political opponents. I have al-
ways thought it but fair to take the principles
of a man or a party from the man or the party
and not from enemies. You receive, as the
principles of our party, what its enemies say of
it, and draw conclusions from the slanders to
which you, on the stump, have lent countenance.
If any man will read the speeches and the letters
of the President of the United States elect he can
come to no other conclusion than that he will ad-
minister the Government, so far as he has power,
precisely on the policy originally proposed by
Henry Clay, who participated so largely in se-
curing the compromise measures to which I have
alluded. Why not consent to this ? Why attempt
the fearful experiment of destroying this Govern-
ment, which lias stood the test of time so well,
under the vain hope of forming a better? But if
you must do something to raise a smoke under
which to retire from your unenviable position,
admit the Territories as States, and thus end the
controversy forever. If this proposition is ac-
ceptable to the Republicans, surely it ought to be
acceptable to you.
TIIE CRISIS—IT3 CAUSES. AND THE WAY TO
MEET IT.
SPEECH OF HON. I. N. MORRIS,
OF ILLINOIS,
In the House of Representatives,
January 16, 1861.
The I-Tousp in the Committee of the Whole 011 the
state of the Union—
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois, said:
Mr. Chairman: I have uniformly given rny
permission to gentlemen who were not able to
conclude their speech withm the hour allowed by
the rule to extend the time. As I apprehend
that 1 may not be able to bring my remarks to a
close within the hour, I ask that the same cour-
tesy may be extended to me which I have been
always ready to extend to others.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. If that understand-
ing be made general, I will notobject; otherwise,
I shall object.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. So far as I am con-
cerned, I have, ill every instance, tried to make it
general.
Mr. MAYNARD. I hope there will be no
objection to the request of the gentleman from
Illinois.
Mr. CLEMENS. I trust there will not be. I
hope the committee will agree that there shall be
no Procrustean rule by which gentlemen will be
compelled to define, within one hour, their views
on the great issues now pending. I trust that, by
general consent, at least during this discussion,
each member, who.has any anxiety to express his
convictions on this subject, will be allowed a rea-
sonable time beyond the hour to do it. As for
myself, I have a disposition to say something be-
fore this debate closes; and I know I can neither
do justice to myself nor the subject within the
hour. I hope that, under these considerations,
and for the sake of all sides, the hour rule will be
suspended for the time being at least.
Mr. BRANCH. I propose that, by the unan-
imous consent of the committee, the hour rule be
abolished for this session.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I object to that.
Mr. JENKINS. I propose that, by unanimous
consent,each gentleman shall hereafter be allowed
ten minutes beyond the hour.
The CHAIRMAN. That can only be done
by unanimous consent.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. Mr. Chairman,
the President told us, in his late special message,
that time was a great conservator; but he neg-
lected to tell us that it was also a great destroyer,
and that delays are often dangerous. The discov-
ery has at last been made, and apparently to the
great surprise of some, that ours is a Government
of force as well as of consent; that treason is an
offense against the Constitution, and that the
Government has the elements of self-preservation
withm it. Its power, however, has b# n sleeping
like a thunder-bolt in a summer cloud; but it now
begins to display its red lines, and flashes and
foreshadows the coming storm. Set upon—as in
the Roman Senate, was Ccesar whose legions,
like our own, were victorious over every external
foe—by men whose arms are bathed in its blood up
to the elbows, and who, lifting high their crimson
daggers, shout with joy and exultation over the
reeling and sweltering victim, and glory in the
deed, it is even now in the most imminent peril,
if not hopelessly gone. By silent encouragement
and sufferance, treason has grown to largo pro-
portions, and its dark footprints may be seen all
around us. Indeed, the bravest and most hopeful
begin to despair of the Republic. It ft environed
on all sides, and its policy has been shaped and
directed by its enemies. They have been devising
schemes to render it powerless; manufacturing
public sentiment against it; maturing their plans,
and intending to consummate them before the day
for Mr. Lincoln's inauguration should arrive.
Instead of the Government being given over to
him in all its integrity, it is to be given in broken
and dishonored fragments. If the Governor of
Maryland can bo induced to call the Legislature
of that State together—and the pressure they are
biinging to bear upon him may force him^to do it
yet, though he has so far resolutely refused, and
shown he possessed the patriotism of better days—
that body is to be induced to pass an act extend-
ing the jurisdiction of the State over this District,
upon the ground that the Government to which
the territory was ceded being dissolved by the
withdrawal of States therefrom, it reverts to the
original grantor. Maryland is then to be forced
into the disunion lines. A11 this accomplished,
the District will be claimed as belonging to the
South, and a southern army will be encamped
here before the 4th of March, unless the counter-
acting current just now put in motion shall pre-
ventit. Northern men are engaged in the scheme,
to a limited number, and are patting the secession-
ists on the back, and bidding them God speed.
The northern mind, and press too, have been
schooled as far as possible by this class to give
up the Union without a struggle, and the old hulk
is to be towed out into the stream, scuttled, and
quietly sunk, as worthless. These facts have
