1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
635
Kentucky as a basis of settlement. I'said that
the other day, I believe; at least I have said every-
where in my conversations that, while there are
some points in his proposition which I cannot
adopt, I will go far, very far, further, perhaps,
than a majority of my constituents would go, to
take away all cause of complaint on the part of
the southern people. Especially do I desire to
hold out hope to the Union-loving men in the
South, who are now battling with those who are
disposed to dissever the Union. I want to en-
courage them, and I will go as far as any man
can be expected to go to enable them to put them-
selves rigntat home and among their constituents.
After having said this, I haye the honor of pre-
senting the petition of these workingmen of Phil-
adelphia.
Mr. MASON. Mr. President 
Mr. BIGLER. _ Will the Senator from Vir-
ginia allow mo a single word?
Air. MASON. One moment. The Senators
from Pennsylvania have spoken of a disposition
on the part of their State to make any concessions
to the South which they can make with proper
regard to the Constitution or to themselves. Now,
I do not understand what those Senators, or oth-
ers who use that term, mean by concessions. I
am not aware that the southern States have asked
for any concessions of any kind, in any form.
Yet that term is in as familiar use here as a house-
hold word, that the South asks for concessions
from the North, and that the North is willing to
make them! We would never ask for conces-
sions in any form. It has been the uniform lan-
guage of the southern States here, through their
representatives, so far as I know, that they are
perfectly satisfied with the Constitution; they
have no complaint to make of the Constitution.
Their complaint is, that the Constitution has been
violated and disregarded, to the prejudice of the
rights secured to them by the Constitution. They
ask for no concession in any form or shape. It
would be unworthy m them to ask it, and derog-
atoiy in the other States to yield it. What arc
concessions? The idea is that the North arc to
give to the South something that the Constitution
does not entitle them to. That is the only idea
of concession. We have neverasked for it in any
form or shape. We have asked only that the
Constitution be regarded, fulfilled, earned out, as
the makers of the Constitution designed itrdiould
be, for the protection of those rights under the
Constitution that we say have been outraged and
violated. We ask for no concession. Weshould
be humiliated if we did ask it; and they would be
humiliated if they granted it. We ask for no con-
cession; we ask only for right. We are asking
for no new provisions whatever. We are asking
for a security, not a concession.
Mr. HALE. Mr. President 
Mr. BIGLER. 1 hope the Senator from New
Hampshire will allow me a moment.
Mr. HALE. I have got the floor about four
times within the last fortnight, to say a very few
words, and on each occasion there has been some
other member of the Senate so well convinced that
he could address the Senate better than i could,
that he has appealed to me,and I, yieldingto the
impression, have given way; and the Senator
from Illinois [Mr. Douglas] says that 1 did not
hear a better speech than I should probably have
made myself. That will do for him to say; not
for me. [Laughter.] I do not.mean to occupy
long; I desire to state that I wish to address the
Senate upon this subject, notat great length, and I
desire some convenient opportunity to do it; but
while I am up now, permit me to say that I have
been listening from the first day of the session
until to-day, this moment, to hear from the other
side of the Chamber just exactly so sensible a
speech as the Senator from Virginia has just made.
That, together with the telegraphic report which I
saw in the newspapers, signed by the illustrious
Senator from Illinois—no disparagement to my
friend yonder, [Mr. Trumbull.] and the venerable
Senator from Kentucky; no disparagement to my
young friend yonder, [Mr. Powell]—makes me
thinkthere is something in the announcement they
have made; that there is a good prospect of union
upon this subject, when 1 hear the remarks that
have just been made by the honorable Senator,
from Virginia. They express, in better language
ihan I could possibly utter, (because, however
correctly I may think, the Senator is more fluent
and eloquent than I am,) the sentiments and con-
victions that I entertain. As an individual Sen-
ator, looking upon myself as the humblest mem-
ber of the body, but still feeling that responsibil-
ity which Wua imposed upon me when! took the
oath to support the Constitution of the United
States, and feeling something of the responsibil-
ity which the extraordinary position of public"
affairs at present imposes-upon everbody, I desire
to acquit myself, so far as 1 may, of any patriotic
obligations that rest upon me as a member of this
body. Not taking up the hour of the Senate, nor
keeping the impatient ears of the Senate from
hearing the dulcet tones of the Senator from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Bigler,] who is waiting for me
to sit down, I shall yield the floor, with the an-
nouncement that, at some time which will be con-
venient to the Senate, and when there is nobody
who thinks he can address the Senate better than
I can—if such a time ever arrives—I hope to ad-
dress a few remarks upon this subject to the Sen-
ate, and to that portion of the country that takes
any interest in what we arc doing here.
Mr, BIGLER. Mr. President  
Mr. FOSTER. I ask what question is before
the Senate?
Mr. BIGLER. The motion which I made, to
print the memorial.
Mr. GRIMES. I think there was no such mo-
tion made.
Mr. FOSTER. I did not hcai* any motion.
There was no business before the Senate that I
saw.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Polk.)
The Chair did not hear the motion, but the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania says he made it.
Mr. BIGLER. Mr. President 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Pennsylvania is entitled to the floor.
Mr. GRIMES. On what motion ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On the motion
to print the memorial ho offered.
Mr. BIGLER. 1 regret exceedingly that my
impatience has abbreviated the speech of the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire, for I am very sure
we are always glad to hear his musical voice; but
that regret is relieved by the announcement that
we shall hear him soon again. But enough of that,
sir. Nor do I intend to go into this general sub-
ject, My object is simply to say a word to my
colleague, which I know he will receive in all
kindness, lie certainly does not intend to inti-
mate that I had any agency in creating the impres-
sion that he intended to indorse all that I said in
my speech of the 21st instant. I certainly had
not. I did not so understand him. I know he
could not. But 1 will say that I was much grat-
ified with the manifestation of a desire—which I
know he feels—to reconcile the unhappy differ-
ences which are dividing and breaking up the
country. For that I thank him. And I have
never, so far as I am concerned, anywhere inti-
mated that my colleague could or would indorse
all the sentiments of my speech; nor had I any
reason to believe that he was satisfied with all the
features of the proposition of the Senator from
Kentucky, or that submitted by myself; but he
did say, substantially, that he was willing to make
those propositions a basis of adjustment, and to
go to any reasonable length to accomplish the
desired end. But enough of that point.
•Now, sir, I shall not follow the distinguished
Senator from Virginia through all his remarks.
When he announced the fact that the expression
" concession," the making of concessions, had
become as familiar as household words, he offered j
a sufficient apology for the use I made of it on this j
occasion. But, sir, I say more: we may as well .
look at this question practically. Everybody |
knows that there are very dccided differences of :
opinion, which seriously involve the peace ol the !
country. The Senator snys very justly that Vir-
ginia only claims her constitutional rights; that
she asks no concession. The Senator knows that
there are differences of opinion as to what those
constitutional rights are. The other side of the
Chamber claim the right to interdict slavery in
the Territories. Virginians claim that they have
a constitutional right to go into the Territories,
and take theirsiaves with them. That is the point
of difference, and I suppose that when Senators
talk about concessions in the pressing exigencies
which surround us, they mean that they Will yield
a portion of their own peculiar opinions, not only
as to policy, but as to matters of constitutional
law, in order that the country may be saved. It
was in that sense that I used the term concession.
I certainly did not mean, and I never should im-
pute to Virginia, orany other sovereign St&fce,the
purpose of conceding a. right—a clearly acknowl-
edged constitutional right; but, sir, a concession
of party position, a concession of party organi-
zation, a concession of prejudice, if you please,
is a concession at this time on which I think every
man might well pride himself. I do not hesitate
to say that I am perfectly ready to abandon party
organization and party prejudice, and actas though
I had never participated in politics, if by that I can
procure the adoption of a measure that will secure
to any extent the peace of the country. Sir, it is
no ordinary time. State after State is, by solemn
ordinance, claiming to be out of this Union; the
whole fabric is going to pieces; and yet gentlemen
express astonishment tnat termsareusedin these
extraordinary times which seem to imply an undue
anxiety or feeling on the part of some. I confess
to deep, heartfelt anxiety, perhaps to undue zeal.
What I express comes from a strong conviction
that never, since the organization of this Govern-
ment, was there devolved upon*.the Senators of
the United States such an imperative, high, holy,
and momentous duty as devolves upon it just at
this day and this hour.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President,I desire to
present the remonstrance of Murry Nelson and
one hundred and sixty-three others, citizens of
Chicago, Illinois, who express themselves as be-
ing in favor of the Constitution and laws as they
are, and against any concessions to the people of
the South while arrayed in rebellion against the
Union and the laws; but in favor of hearing their
grievances after they shall have returned to their
allegiance, and redressing them so far as may be
in their power. This remonstrance is signed, as
I said, by over one hundred and sixty citizens of
Chicago, and takes the same view which I am
glad to hear that the Senator from Virginia takes,
that the Constitution is good enough. I believe,
sir, that the Constitution is good enough; and the
difficulty is, that we do not live up to the Consti-
tution; that there is rebellion against it. I think
our first duty, and the first duty of the Senator
from Pennsylvania, if he wants to preserve this
Union, is to defend the Constitution and laws as
they are. It is not by making concessions to men
who ask no concessions, but spurn them; who
say they want nothing to do with the Union; who
stand with arms in their hands; who fire into your
vessels; who capture your soldiers; who seize
your property; who rob your Treasury, that you
are to have peace; and if this country has received
a shock from winch it will not recover in genera-
tions, it is because of a craven spirit on the part
of this great Government. Let it put itself in a
position to be respected and obeyed, and it will
have the respect of the world and the obedience
of its citizens.
I am also charged with the presentation of
another petition front John Van Cleve, William
Cliffe, and N. Hawlcy, citizens of the United
States, who were appointed, at a meeting of the
Southern Illinois Conference of the Methodist
Episcopal Church to memorialize Congress,which
they have done, setting forth various grievances
to which members of that religious persuasion
have been subjected; and, among other things,
they state that a conference of their Church in
Texas, presided over by a bishop, was broken up
by a mob on the Lord's day, and that a gentle-
man, by the name of Anthony Bewley, was hung
at Fort Worth,'' his only crime being his connec-
tion with our church as one of its ministers.5>
They go on to ask that, m any compromise which
may be made for the preservation of the Union,
it may be adopted, as a part of the basis of such
compromise, that no person shall be proscribed
for his religious opinions; and that when violent
persecutions for opinion's sake shall be prac-
ticed, the person or persons so offending shall be
punished; and they usk that their rights may be
protected,aswellas the rights of the Church which
they leprcscnt. They ask simply for toleration
and protection throughout the United States. I
move that these petitions lie on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Polk m
the chair.) The motion made by the Senator
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Bigler] to print theme-
