52
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 16,
36th Costs.... 2d Sess. The Crisis—Its Causes, and the way to meet it—Mr. Morris.
Ho. of Keps.
theauspicious opportunity for every restless spirit
to make 1>is move on the chess-board of pers'onal
or political ambition. Advantage was to be taken
of the slavery question to inflame the public mind
of the South in favor of a separate confederacy.
All this, however, would have produced no seri-
ous. consequences had Mr. Buchanan remained
true to his pledges and his honor, and faithful to
the principles of his party and the obligations of
his oath. Had he done this, the fell spirit of re-
bellion would long since have been crushed out,
and all would have been well with us to-day. But,
as I have said, he gave way, and treason reared
its hydra-head. Step by step has the mutiny
been progressing, until States have armed them-
selves against the General Government, and the
bloody flag of disunion is flouted in our faces
without the slightest effort to correct the wrong.
Great God ! Are wo stones, and not q|pn, that
we can endure all this? Can we not be inspired
by the recollections of the past or the hopes of
the future? Where is our patriotism ? "Where is
our reverence for the banner that is the emblem
of our nationality ? Alas, sir, 1 fear that, as that
flag is now drooping and dishonored, eacli stripe
will prove to be the winding sheet of a State.
What memories, what motives of transcendent
interest, arise to stay the hand that would do vio-
lence to its sacred folds !
"Dissolve the Union ! Who would part
The chain that binds us hcait to heait?
Each link was forged by sainted bires,
Amid the Revolution fires ;
And cool'd—oh! whore so rich a flood?—
In Warrcirs and in Sumter's blood.
" Dissolve the Union! Be like France,
When'Terror ' reaied her bloody lance,
And man became destruction's child,
And woman, in her passions wild,
Danced in the hle-blood ot' her queen,
Before the dreadlul guillotine!
" Dissolve the Union ! Roll away
The spangled flag ot' glory's day;
Blot out the history of the biave, „
And desecrate each pHunt's grave,
And then, above the wieek of yeaia.
Uuaff an eternity of teais I
" Dissolve the Union ! Can it bo
That they who .speak suoh woids aie fie a.'
Great God ! did any die lo «.ave
Such soidid cicatures from the grave.
When, biea.-t to biea-n and hind to hand,
Oui patriot lathers freed the land i
" Dissolve the Union ! IIo ! Forbear.
The sword of Damocles is there ;
Cut but a hair, ami eaith shall know
A darkei, deadlier tale of woe
Than history's crimson tale has told
Since Nero's car in blood was rolled.
" Dissolve'the Union! Speak, ye hills!
Yc everlasting mountains, cry !
Shriek out, ye stream-? and mingling rilla !
And ocean, roar in agony!
Dead heroes, leap fiom gloiy's soil,
And shield the manoi of jour blood !"
Mr. Chairman, the Administration lending itself
as a voluntary auxiliary to the disunionists, they
became emboldened by that course, and under-
took to capture the Democratic party, and to bap-
tize it in the blood of revolution. Failing to con-
trol its platform at Charleston, or its movements
at Baltimore, they soliloquized thus:
" Why, wo in this weak piping tune of peace
Have no delight to pass away the time,
Unless to spy otn shadows in the sun,
And descant on oui own dolonmry—
And therefoie, since we cannot piove Iover3
To entertain these fair, well-spoken da\s,
We aie deteimined to prove ngitntoi>,
And hate the idle pleasures of those day«."
But a little while ago a distinguished Senator
asked, from his place m the Semite, for a Texan
Brutus to remove, as "a hoary-headed traitor,"
Governor Houston, the coternporary of Jackson,
the hero of Texan independence, the enlightened
statesman, and the pure patriot. The reason as-
signed for the necessity of such an act was his
refusal to call together the Legislature of his State
to enable them to declare m favor of disunion.
Thus has fallen under the ban of the secession-
ists one who has come down to us from a former
generation, and who has worshiped at the same j
shrine with Washington and Jefferson and Mad- i
ison and Jackson and-Clay,.because, forsooth, '
he would not bow his proud head to the mandates j
of the enemies of his country. , |
That is not all. I have said there was "a settled
and deliberate purpose to destroy the Democratic
party, to afford an excuse for destroying the Union
itself. As long as that party could keep its lines
closed up and its columns unbroken, all was well.
In the recent national convention at Charleston,
it maintained its ancient principles and faith, and
at Baltimore nominated Stephen A. Douglas for
President, and H.Y. Johnson for Vice President.
No one ever complained that either of these nom-
inations was not fairly made; and no one ever
doubted that the Union would be safe if that ticket
was elected. It was this very fact that stirred to
its sources the spiritof disunion, which wanted no
obstacle in its way. It had done all*the mischief it
could do at Charleston, and reappeared at Balti-
more, stimulated with the bloody design of tearing
down the proud and glorious structure of Amer-
ican liberty and independence. A ticket was
formed embodying its views*, and the result is
known. The southern people are alone respons-
ible for the defeat of the Democratic party, and
should not now complain of the election of the Re-
publican candidate. They knew very well what
the result would be, and sought to clFcct it. I in-
tend to hold them up to the full measure of their
accountability. The northern Democrats im-
plored them to haul down their rebellious flag, and
run up the stars and stripes. They told them that
unless there was unanimity of action there was
no hope. They spurned our entreaties, rejected
our counsel, and rushed madly on, regardless of
consequences, proclaiming that Lincoln and Ham-
lin would be elected, and that that event would be
sufficientcause for the dismemberment of the Con-
federacy. That was the great object to be attained.
They now bring the mangled corpse of the Union,
pierced by their own daggers, and cast it down
before us; and though its bleeding and gaping
wounds, " poor, pool*"dumb mouths,"are so elo-
quent for liberty, they say to us, bury thine own
dead; it is naught to us.
Dead ? Yes, dead! The Union dead? Stricken
down by parricidal hands !
"O, what a fall was there, my countrymen !
Then I, and you, and all of us fell down,
Whilnt bloody tieason nourished over us."
But a few days ago a southern Senator laid it
out upon its bier in the Senate Chamber, and
delivered its funeral oration. He was not
u To its virtues very kind,
And to its iaults a little blind
but, with a flourish of trumpets and exultation,
announced its demise. Hear him:
" 1 am thus recapitulating the necessity for our action, to
show that we arc not acting upon impulse*. Senators, some
of them, have spoken of the excitement of the South. X
tell you ihe excitement has passed off, the fever has sub-
sided, and the patient has collapsed Sofai a«? this Union is
concerned, the cold sweat of death is upon it. Your Union
is now dead ; yout Government is now dead. It is to-day
but ijing 111 "state, surrounded, it is true, by pomp and cer-
emony. They aie, Senators, but the mournful ceremonies,
pomps, and pageants which are seen around the mighty
dead. The spirit has depaited; and it has, gone back to
tho^c who gave it—the soveieign States of this Union."
Washington! thou whose living presence has
hallowed the scenes and the city in whose midst
we are; thou whose living voice did speak so
wisely from thy hearthstone, which this vast
temple overshadows, do not the silvery ripples
on yon river Potomac as they murmur past
Mount Vernon, tell thee of our needs and dangers?
Canst thou not burst the bonds that enshrine thy
sacred dust, and come forth ? Canst thou not once
more let thy blessing rest u.pon that Union thou
didst so much to form? Speak once more to
the inflamed passions of thy countrymen, and
enthrone leason on the public mind. Speak!
Hark! his voice is coming back to us from the
tomb. Listen to his words:
"The unity of government, which constitutes you one
people, is alM> now dear to you. It is justlv so; for it is a
main pillar m the eduice ot your real independence; the
support of yoiti tiauquilluy at home ; youi peace abiond;
ot jour safetj ;ot voui prospentv; of that very libei ty winch
>011 so highly puze. But as it'is easy to foresee, that fiom
different e.iusos and fiom difiVuent quarters, much puins
will he fakoiii many attifices employed, to weaken m your
minds the conviction of this truth ; as this is the point in
youi political loin ess against which the butteries of internal
and eueina! enemies will be most constantly and actively
(though often covertly and infidiou-iv) directed, it xs of
infinite moment that you should propeily estimate the im-
mense value of your national Union to your collective and
individual happiness; that you should cherish a eouliai,
habitual, and immovable attachment to it; accustom your- l{
self to think and speak of it as of the palladium of your po-
litical srtfety and piospehty j watching for its pi enervation
with jealous anxiety ; discountenancing; whatevei may sug-
gest even a suspicion that if can m any event be abandoned;
and indignantly frowning upon the first dawning of every
attempt to alienate any portion of our country fiom the
rest, or to enfeeble the sacred ties which now link together
the various parts. ^ .
" For this you have every inducement of sympathy and
interest. Citizens by biith or choice of a common country,
that country hasarighttoconecntrateyouraffections. Tire
name of American, which belongs to you in yournational
capacity, must always exalt the just pride of patriotism,
more than any appellation derived from local discrimina-
tions. With slight shades of difference, you havethesame
religion, manners, habits, and political principles. You
have in a common cause fought and triumphed together ;
the independence and Jibeity you possess are the work of
joint counsels and joint efforts—of common dangers, suf-
ferings, and successes.
u But these considerations, however powerfully they ad-
dress themselves to voursensibility, are greatly outweighed
by those which apply moie immediately to your interest.
Ilere every portion of our countiy finds the most command-
ing motives for carefully guaiding and preserving the Union
of the whole." * A * * * * *
'• In offering to you, my countrymen, these counsels of
an old and affectionate friend, I dare not lio^pe they will
make the strong and lasting impression I could wish; that
they will control the usual cunent of the passions, or pre-
vent our nation fiom tunning the couise which has hitherto
marked the destiny of nations; but, if I may even flatter
myself that they may be productive of some partial benefit,
some occasional good; that they may now and then recur
to moderate the fury of paity spirit; to warn asainM; the
mischiefs of foieign intrigue ; to guard against the impos-
tures of pretended patriotism; this hope will be a full lee-
ompense for the solicitude foi your welfare by which they
have been dictated."
Washington! thy words, thy patriotism, thy
wisdom, are held in derision by those who have
become wise in their own conceit, beyond their
day and generation. Thy admonitions are disre-
garded, and thy counsel scoffed at; and if living,
it is not certain thou wouldst not be held to be a
traitor.
Mr. Chairman, the late presidential election
furnishes a useful lesson, and many facts of deep
significance. I have examined a tabic prepared
by Colonel Forney, of the Philadelphia Press,
who is always very accurate in his calculations,
and I shall draw upon it largely, to show the pop-
ular vote of the different States, and the result.
The figures are his; their application will be my
own. Leaving out New York, Pennsylvania, and
New Jersey, where there was a fusion, which I
utterlyabhorred, Mr. Douglas received in the free
States, 745,175 votes; Mr. Breckinridge, 107,722;
Mr. Bell, 73,073; and Mr. Lincoln, 1,759,751.
Giving to Judge Douglas and Mr. Breckinridgc
their fair proportion of votesin New York, Penn-
sylvania, and Now Jersey, the former received in
ail the free States, 1,188,805; and the latter, 192 ,722
votes. In the slave States Mr. Breckinridge re-
ceived 592,175, and Judge Douglas, 165,618 votes.
Add the votes given to Mr. Breckinridgc in the
free and slave States together, and he received in
all, 784,897: add the vote given in both classes
of States for Judge Douglas, and he received
1,354,423. Take the popular vote given for Mr.
Breckinudge from the one given to Judge Doug-
las, and the result shows that he received 559,526
more votes than Mr. Breckinridge—nearly double
the number. Take the vote given to Mr. Breck-
inridge m the free States, 107,722, and the vote
given to Judge Douglas in the slave States, 165,618,
and compare them with each other, and with the
vastly greater number of votes given in the free
States, and what a lesson do they teach ! Judge
Douglas received 57,986 more votes in the slave
than Mr. Breckinridge did in the free States, not-
withstanding the disparity of votes between them.
Mr. Lincoln received 26,772 votes in the slave
States, which, if added to the number he received
in the free States, makes his aggregate vote
1,786,480. Mr. Bell received in the slave States
502,723 votes, which, added to his vote in the free
States, makes the aggregate 605,801. Adding the
entirevotesgiven for"Mr.Lincoln, Judge Douglas,
and Mr. Bell together, they amount to 3,746,704;
and if there is taken therefrom the aggregate vote
given to Mr. Breckinridge, namely, 784,897, it
leaves a majority of 2,961,907 against secession;
allowing all who supported Mr. Breckinridge to
be secessionists, when probably not more than
half of them are. Yet, Mr. Chairman, in the
face of these overwhelming truths, some of the
cotton States are now virtually out of the Union,
as far as their acts can place them out.
The leading State in this movement is South
