1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
that important measure, and I shall not make any
motion by which it will lose its precedence, if I
can have some other opportunity of being heard
briefly on the questions involved in the message.
I do not know what is the wish of the Senator
from California.
Mr. GWIN. All I have to say is, that I sup-
pose the whole Senate want to dispose of the Pa-
cific railroad bill to-day. I shall be, for one, and
1 suppose the whole Senate will be, greatly obliged
to the Senator from North Carolina, if he will
postpone his remarks to a future day. I think if
we get at the railroad question at once, we can
dispose of it very soon. I shall not interfere with
him if he wishes to go on to-day; but if he will
name some other day, I shall be greatly obliged
to him.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I would suggest this: If
I can have an opportunity of being heard even on
Monday, I shall be willing to give way now. I
will either give way, as is desired by the Senator
from California, or go on whenever I get an op-
portunity; but I prefer knowing now when 1 can
be heard. If I can be heard on Monday, I shall
be perfectly content.
Mr. GWIN and others. Certainly.
Mr. LATHAM. With the permission of the
Senator from North Carolina, I will move to "post-
pone the consideration of the President's message
until to-morrow at one o'clock, at which time, if
the Senator from North Carolina is not ready to
go on, I have a few remarks that I should like to
submit to the consideration of the Senate. Of
course, if he be prepared to proceed then, I shall
give way to him. I will also state, that if the Pa-
cific railroad bill, or any other bill, shall then be
unfinished, I will give way, of course; for I do
not want to interfere with the regular discharge
of the business of this body.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I shall not interfere with
the wishes of the Senator from California, if he
desires to be heard to-morrow; but if itis agree-
able to the Senate, I will move to postpone the
President's message until Monday, with the un-
derstanding that I shall then be heard.
Mr. LATHAM. I will state to the Senator
that, if he shall not be in a condition to speak to-
morrow when I conclude my remarks, I will
move to postpone the subject until Monday, and
give him an opportunity to be heard then.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I do not wish to inter-
fere with the honorable Senator to-morrow, if he
comes here prepared to speak then, if there can
be an understanding that I can occupy the floor
on Monday. If that will not interfere with any
Senator, I hope that will be the understanding,
and that on Monday at one o'clock I may speak
on the subject.
Mr. LATHAM. I move, then, to postpone
the message until to-morrow, at one o'clock; and
I will say to the Senator, that if he docs not feel
like speaking, when I finish, I will move, then,
to postpone it until Monday, at one o'clock.
Air. CRITTENDEN. Now,if gentlemen have
made their private arrangements, I wish to make
a few remarks—and they shall be very few—on
the bill which was brought before the Senate upon
the motion of my colleague.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now is on postponing until to-morrow the motion
to print the President's message.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I do not wish to lose the
floor. I do not desire to press myself on the Sen-
ate now. I know the Senator from California
desires to speak to-morrow, and I will give way
to him; but I hope there will be no objection to
my occupying the floor on Monday, at one o 'clock,
if I give way now. [" Certainly not."]
The motion to postpone was agreed to.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Mr. President, I only
wish to say a word or two in reply to my friend
from Illinois.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Kentucky will allow the Chair a moment.
The Chair has not yet put the question to the
Senate, whether they will postpone the other or-
ders for the purpose of disposing of this bill.
There h another prior .order to be disposed of.
Mr. GWIN. Let it be passed over informally.
It can be taken up when the bill is through.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That will be
considered as the sense of the Senate, unless ob-
jected to.
BEAUCHAMP AND TOWNSEND.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Mr. President, there
never was a case for charity, or for benevolence,
or for softening the rigor of justice, that did not
admit of exactly the argument which my friend
from Illinois has made here. General principles
and theories will cut down all this beneficence on
the part of society or on the part of legislation.
The general theory, upon which the general rule
is made, of course is sustained, theoretically,
upon all these grounds. The application for par-
ticular redress, or for particular indulgence, is
founded upon the particular circumstances of the
case, and are not in conflict with thegenerafprin-
ciples. It is easy to say, " If you grant the re-
quest here, you may set aside ail your laws upon
the subject. There is no soundness in the argu-
ment, at all.
Now, sir, here is an old man—I know him—
an honest, worthy, plain old farmer, whose ex-
perience in the world has been pretty much lim-
ited to his few acres of ground and the cultivation
of them. A son of his is unfortunately betrayed
into crime. The father, by his natural feelings
governing above and beyond all reason, becomes
his bail. The son absconds. The father is left
to the penalty of his bond. My friend says, let
the penalty of the Government be exacted. If
you exact it, as the petition shows, beside the
mortification that has visited the honest household
of the old man for the crime of his son, his wife
and his other children are turned out of doors,
and he is reduced to poverty. Sir, what father,
under such circumstances, particularly of the char-
acter which I have described this old man to be,
could do otherwise ? Nature herself betrays him
into it. The criminality of the son renders doubly
severe this penalty upon him. The question is
now, whether you, under these circumstances,
will not rather that this petty offense, so far as
regards this old man,should go even unpunished
than that he should be entirely andutterly ruined.
That is the question. Let the Senate decide it.
Mr. CLARK. Willthe honorable Senator from
Kentucky allow me to inquire whether the court
had any power over this bail bond, to relieve it?
Mr. CRITTENDEN. No, sir. The court had
no power, and the President has no power. I was
privy to the old man's visit all the way to this
city. He came this winter all the way from the
uttermost part of Kentucky, to apply for mercy
to the President of the United States. He made
his appeal to him. I can tell the gentleman the
court had no power, and I can say to him that the
President declined to interfere, because he was
informed by the Attorney General that he had no
power. It is for that reason that the subject is
brought before you. Let the Senate decide it.
Mr. HALE. I was on the committee that re-
ported this bill, or rather, I consented to the re-
port. I agree with the honorable Senator from
Illinois, that theie is no general principle upon
which this bill can be placed. It is an exceptional
case, and rests upon the same ground as another
case that hasbeen passed. 1 understand this man
has the sympathies and the recommendations of
the Governor of Kentucky and of the Legislature
of Kentucky, and he has the warm sympathies of
both the venerable and the youthful Senators from
Kentucky, and they have made such representa-
tions to me, not as have convinced my judgment,
but earned my heart. I shall put it on the same
ground that I should the case of an old man beg-
ging for the pardon of his son, who had been be-
trayed into crime, except that in this case the con-
sequences of his iniquity, if you insist upon this
bond, will be visited upon the head of the old man
instead of the offender. Therefore, though I con-
fess, as a general principle, it cannot be defended,
I shall put it as an exceptional case, and give it
my vote, and hope the Senate will pass it.
Mr. POWELL. I will state that the Governor
of Kentucky has written a letter, which is with
the papers, m which he states that he has exam-;
ined the whole case, and weie it within his juris- :
diction, he would remit the whole of the fine. I
will further state that this old gentleman has paid
all the costs, which were quite heavy.
Mr. WADE. I was on the committee that re-
ported this bill, and looked into this case a little.
Perhaps upon strict, rigid, legal grounds, we could
not release this obligation; but, sir, it is an ad-
dress to the equity of the Senate. It is not a sin-
gular case. I know that tinder very-similar cir-
cumstances, I once procur&d the release* of bail
for a person named Hinton, who robbed the mail
of some very large sum and ran away, and left
his sureties under circumstances that would have
ruined them utterly. A petition was presented
here, and that case went through, and the bail
were released. It was not a more equitable case
than the present one. This is just such a case
that there is not a Senator on this floor, if the
amount of this penalty was to go to him, that
would put it in his pocket. 1 would not do it. I
do not believe there is a man here who would do
it. I will not exact that for the Government which
an honorable man would not exact for himself. I
therefore think it is a case in which we ought to
grant relief. I do not think it is a precedent that
would be abused. For one, I would be willing,
in any other case as equitable as this appears to
be, to do just the same as I would here; and I
would treat every case according to its intrinsic
merits. 1 hope the bill will be passed.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, and ordered to a third reading.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to have the
•yeas and nays on the bill. I think it does set a
precedent.
Mr. GWIN. Let us have them on its passage.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Very well. While I am
up, I will say a word in reply to the Senator from
Ohio. He says he would not exact the collection
of a claim of this character, unless he would put
it in his own pocket.
Mr. WADE. I did not say that.
Mr. TRUMBULL. He asks, who would take
it and put it in his own pocket? None of us, I
suppose. Can he imagine a case where he would
take the money from a security, even of a mur-
derer or anybody else, and put it in his own pocket?
But public justice has something to do with this
question. You may imagine the most infamous
crimc possible, and suppose the criminal has given
security for 1ns appearance at court; are you go-
ing to release those securities? If you are, as a
matter of course, in every case where, if the
money was to be paid you would not take it your-
self, I think we had better repeal the laws under
which security is taken in such cases. I do not
wish the yeas and nays to be taken more than
once, and I am entirely willing that they should
be taken on the passage of the bill.
The bill was read the third time.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On the pas-
sage of the bill the yeas and nays are demanded
by the Senator from Illinois.
The yeas and nays weie ordered.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I wislrto state one other
fact m connection with this subject. There is no
report whatever. We are passing a bill on the
statement of a Senator here that it is a hardship
to the party. I do not question the statement;
but no report has been read, and there are no facts
in regard to it. It seems to me the most extraor-
dinary case that I have ever seen passed in the
Senate.
Mr. POWELL. I will say to the honorable
Senator, that this bill has passed the lower House
unanimously, and that there was a report made
by the committee of the House of Representa-
tives, which is with the bill. I have stated sub-
stantially the facts, however, and thought it un-
necessary to call for the reading of the report.
Mr. BAKER. Allow me to ask the Senator
from Kentucky a question. I see that it is a re-
plevin bond. Is it according to the practice of
your State to take a recognizance or a bail bond ?
Mr. CRITTENDEN. The exueution hud is-
sued upon the forfeited recognizance, and the
property taken was replevied.
Mr. BAKER. There is no foundation for the
debt, as I understand it, except the obligation of
securityship on the criminal prosecution?
Mr. CRITTENDEN. No, sir.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 40, nays 2; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Baker, tfrasg, Bright, Cam-
eron. Chandler, Clark, Chtujman, Crittenden, Dixon, Doug-
las, Duikec, FeisM'mk'ii, Fitch, Fool, Foster, Green,Grimes,
Gvvin, Hale, llailan, Hemphill, Johnson of Arkansas, John-
son oi Tennessee, Kennedy. Lane, Lutiiam,Mason, Nichol-
son. Polk, Povv-11. iUee, Saubbuiy, Sebastian, Seward,
Ten Kvek, Thomson, Wade, Wilkinson, and Wilson—40.
NAYS—Messrs.King, and Trumbull—2.
So the bill was passed.
