688
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
J anuary 30,
RAILROAD TO THE PACIFIC.
On motion of Mr. GWIN, the Senate resumed
the consideration of the bill (H. R. No. 701) to
seourc contracts, and make provision for the safe,
certain, and more speedy transportation, by rail-
road, of mails, troops, munitions of war, military
and naval stores, between the Atlantic States and
those of the Pacific, and for oilier purposes, the
pending question being on concurring in the
amendment made as in Committee of the Whole,
in section four, line forty-seven, after the word
" States," to insert:
And no' mortgage or construction bonds shall ever bo is-
sued by said company on said road, or mortgage or lien
made in any way, except to the United States.
Mr. SIMMONS. I would like to suggest to
the Senator from Massachusetts to put in "with-
out the consent of Congress." I think that would
improve it. Let them make no lien or mortgage
without the consent of Congress.
Mr. WILSON. I will say to the Senatorfrom
Rhode Island, that I have reflected upon that
point somewhat, and I fear that if that should bo
inserted, Congress would be overrun with persons
asking our consent to enable them to make such
a mortgage. If it is to be amended , if the Senate
believes that it ought not to stand in the forrti in
which it is, 1 think that instead of bringing it to
Congress, it should provide that no mortgage shall
be made "without the consent of a majority of
the stockholders, in number and amount," so that
the matter will be, after all, in the hands of the
masses of the stockholders.
Mr. GWIN. 1 will move that amendment, if
nobody else will. My object is not to put an in-
surmountable obstacle in the way of negotiating
loans. I believe a majority of the stockholders
themselves would agree to a loan, if it was neces-
sary.
Mr. CHANDLER. The action of the board
of dircctois is the action of the stockholders, be-
cause the directors representtliem, and the direct-
ors ate renewed from year to year. The stock-
holders in this road will bo scattered from Texas to
Maine, and from California to New York. It is
almost a prohibition to require it to be submitted
to the stockholders themselves, It seems to me
that this would be a useless obstacle in the way
of negotiations. I think the proposition had better
be rejected, for I think a proviso of this kind wili
be a fatal obstacle to the building of the road.
Mr. SIMMONS. I hope this proposition wiil
not be rejected. I do not want to have a propo-
sition there that will embarrass the road at nil.
What I desire is, either that the consent of Con-
gress shall be had, authorizing the issueof bonds
and the giving of a mortgage, or that a certain
amount of money shall be actually paid in and
expended by the stockholders on the road, before
they can make a mortgage. At least §31),000,000
clear money should be paid in and expended on
this road, before they should be allowed to make
any mortgage.
Mr. CHANDLER. If the Senator will accept
a proposition (hat twenty or thirty millions of
their money shall be expended first, I will move it.
Mr. SIMMONS. Then I propose that no loan
shall be made by the directors of this company
and secured by mortgage on the road, unless
$30,000,000 of private subscriptions of the stock
have been actually paid in and expended on the
load; and then I will agree to let them borrow.
Mr. WILSON. On each line ?
Mr. SIMMONS. Yes, on any one road. If
there are three to bo built, make that provision
for all; and then we have some security for the
money we lend them.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Califor-
nia to the amendment.
Mr. SIMMONS. I suppose the Senator from
Massachusetts will accept the amendment I offer.
Mr. WILSON* Certainly. I want the money
paid in. *
I he PRESIDING OFFICER. Theamcndment
of the Senator from California is to add to the
amendment made in Committee of the Whole,
the words " without the consent of a majority of
the stockholder* in number and amount of stock."
Mr. CHANDLER. It should be: "unless
£30.000,000 have been subscribed and paid in and
expended."
Mr.SIMMONS, Letitreaduntil$30,000,000 I
sha'ijbhave been paid in on each, of the roads, of
the Stockholders' money."
Mr. CHANDLER*. I propose to amend It so
as to read:
No mortgage or construction bonds shall ever be issued
by said company on said road, until $3U,000,000 shall have
been subscribed and expended.
Mr. GWIN. I believe I called for the yeas
and nays; but I will not ask for them on the
amendment in that form.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment to the amendment.
Mr. GWIN. I believe th^t is accepted by the
Senator from Massachusetts.
Mf. WILSON. Yes, sir.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It cannot be
accepted without a vote of the Senate. The ques-
tion must be put.
Mr. GWIN. I withdraw the call for the yeas
and nays.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The yeas and
nays have not been ordered on the amendment to
the amendment.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to.
Mr. LANE. I should like to hear the amend-
ment read as it lias been amended.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
And do mortgage or construction bonds shall ever be
issued by said company on said road, until §30,000,000
shall have been subscribed and expended.
Mr. LANE. That is right.
The PRESIDING OFFfCER. The yeas and
nays have been ordered on the amendment.
Mr. GWIN. I ask leave to withdraw the call.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. By unanimous
consent the call for the yeas and nays may be
dispensed with. [" No objection."]
The amendment as amended was concurred in.
Mr. GWIN. The next amendment, I believe,
is as to the northern route. I think that is the
only one remaining-.
Mr. WILSON. I move a reconsideration of
the vote ado'pting the last amendment, for the pur-
pose simply of making a slight change to reach
the object which was intended. It ought to read
in this form:
And no mortgngu or construction bonds shall ever be
issued by said company on j aid load, or mortgage or lien
made m any way except to the United State?, until
§30,000,000 shall have been subscribed and expended on
each ot the roads provided lor by this act.
That applies to the central, sou them, and north-
ern routes.
Mr. GWIN. There is no objection to it in
that form.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Iftherebcno
objection, the vote will be regarded as reconsid-
ered,and thcamendmentconcuvred in, in the mod-
ified form now proposed by the Senator from
Massachusetts. [<s Agreed !"]
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now before the Senate is on concurring in the
amendment submitted by the Senator from Min-
nesota, [Mr. Wilkinson.]
Mr. GWIN. That is the amendment provid-
ing for the northern road. I will .simply ask for
the yeas and nays on that amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 27, nays 19; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Bingham, Bright, Chandler,
Clark, Collamei, Doolittlo, Douglas, Durkee, Fe^senden,
Fitch, Foot, Hale, Johnson of Aik.uinas, King, Lane, Mor-
rill, Powell, Kice, SelKiMiun, Simmons, Sumner,Ten Eyck,
Trumbull, Wade, Wilkinson, and Wilson—27.
NAYS—Mcssis. Baker, Bigler, lira™, Clingman, Crit-
tenden, JDivon, Fo-tei, Crimed, Gwin, llaiian, Hemphill,
Johnson ot Tennessee, Kennedy, Latham,Nicholson, Polk,
Saulsbuiy, Sowaid, and VViglall—19.
So the amendment was concurred in.
Mr.GWIN. I believe we havenowgotthrough
with all the amendments; and I hope the bill will
be put on its passage.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill is
still open to amendment.
Mr. RICE. I am informed that, in order to
perfect the bill, one or two verbal amendments
should be made to it. I hope my colleague will
have an opportunity to offer them.
Mr. GWIN. 1 hope he will do it at once.
Mr. RICE. I-Ie is prepared to do so.
Mr. SIMMONS. I should like to knowif this
bill has been printed as amended?
Mr. GWIN. Yes, sir; except the last amend-
ments that have been added to it.
Mr. SIMMONS. I should like to have it lie
over until to-morrow, in order to have an oppor-
tunity to examine it.
Mr. WILKINSON. I want to make ono or
two verbal amendments to that portion of the bill
which was inserted on my motion.
Mr. BAKER. As the amendments are merely-
verbal, I presume it will not be necessary to read
them.
Mr. GWIN. I suppose there is no objection
to them.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ments will be read.
The Secretary read the first amendment: To
strike out, in the first section of the amendment
offered by Mr. Wilkinson,1 providing for anorth-
ern route, the words:
"To the northern border of California; thence to the
amount of six alternate sections per mile, on each side of
said railway line, as said company may adopt, to the Pa-
cific bhore at or near San Francisco."
And to insert, in lieu thereof# the words:
To the western termination of said road.
So that the clause will read:
And there i^ granted to said company undertaking to
build said road, mx alternate heeuoits ot land per mile on
each side of such raihoad line as said company may adopt
lrom Lake Superior to the western border of Minnesota,
and from thence to the amount of ten alternate sections
per mile on each side of such railway line as said company
may adopt to the western termination of said load.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was, in the next section
of the amendment, to strike out the words " San
Francisco,55 and to insert "Puget Sound and
Portland, Oregon;" so that it will read:
That whenever said company, undertaking to construct
said railway from Lake Superior to Fuget Sound and Port-
land, Oregon, shall have fifty miles ot said laihoad and
telegraph line ready for the sei vice contemplated, &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
The amendments were ordered to be engrossed,
and the bill to be read a third time. It was read
the third time.
Mr. WILSON. I ask for the yeas and nays
on the final passage of the bill.
The ycfas and nays were ordered.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll on the
passage of the bill.
Mr. BIGLER. Mr. President, I desire to be
indulged in a single remark before casting my
vote on this bill. It is well known that I have
favored the construction of a railroad to the Pa-
cific. I am now in favor ofany reasonable measure
to accomplish that end; but, under all the circum-
stances, and in the condition of the country, I
cannot vote for a bill contemplating the construc-
tion of three roads. I therefore vote in the nega-
tive.
Mr. TEN EYCK. I do not know that it is
usual, but I ask to be excused from voting. I am
in favor, as I have already said, of a Pacific rail-
road; but I think it is improper to pass a bill to
pledge the aid of the Government to the construc-
tion of three roads. Nor do I wish to have the
appearancc of avoiding voting upon it. I there-
fore ask to be cxcuscd from voting.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish simply to say that
I am in favor of one railroad to the Pacific, and
am ready to vote for it at any time that a reason-
able bill can be presented. I am not m favor, at
the present time, of the Government engaging in
the construction of two or three roads. 1 think
it is more than the Government can undertake in
the present position of things, and more than it
ought to undertake; consequently, I shall vote
in the negative.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I beg-leave merely to say,
in explanation of my vote in favor of the passage
of this bill, that I do so in compliance with in-
structions from the Legislature of my State, to
which I always yield a respectful obedience.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. As I do not
expect any appropriation to be made hereafter for
the southern road, and 1 do expect the northern
road to be built, I think there is good ground for
changing my vote for the passage of the bill; but
as I am instructed by my Legislature to vote for
the bill, 1 shall vote for it simply for that reason,
and no other.
The resuit was then announced—yeas 37, nays
14; as follows:
YEAS—Mesbrs. Antbonv, Baker, Bmgham, Blight, Cam-
el on, Chandler. Clark, Collanicr, Cnttonden, Dixon. Doo-
littie, Douglas, Duikee, Fitch, Foot, Fosiei, Uumeb, Gwtn,
Hale, Harlan, Hemphill, Johnson of Arkansas. Kenned},
