1861.J
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
55
36th Cong....2d Sess. The Crisis—Its Causes, and the way to meet it—Mr. Morris.
Ho. op Reps.
of State, once filled by a Washington and Jack-
son, desecrated by one too base to be an American
patriot, and too cowardly to defend his country !
Now, it is all a question purely of public opinion!
The offense is treason—the remedy—let it alone !
The public decree of the people of a State is par-
amount to a written Constitution! AU this is
what we are told by the President. What a happy
thing it would have been for the country if he had
thought of this doctrine at an earlier day, and
applied it to Kansas! His efforts were to plant
slavery there in defiance of the public wish, in-
stead of permitting the people to say for them-
selves, as they had a right to do, whether they
would have it or not. Now he is moved by a new
inspiration, and bows with respectful deference
to the will of the secessionists, though their blades
are reeking with the blood of the Republic.
The last few weeks, Mr. Chairman, have been
pregnant with events, and will furnish a mortify-
ing chapter in our history. Eight Senators and
numerous Representatives have left their seats,
and bid farewell to the Union. Our national flag
lias been insulted upon our own soil; our vessels
fired on and driven from the harbor of Charleston;
our forts have been forcibly seized, and our public
officers arrested in South Carolina, imprisoned and
threatened with death on acharge of treason against
the State, for no other offense than discharging
their duties under the laws of their Government;
and yet we stand here debating what shall be
done. Done! Go and roll up your banner, as
you seem indifferent to its defense and honor, and
lay it away as a. memorial of your former great-
ness. Go cable your ship in the port of New
Yoik, and there let her rot. Go tell your brethren
lying in dungeons thata Roman only had to claim
to be a citizen of the Imperial City to be protected,
and that it was once so with Americans; that they
only had to name their country to be guarantied
•security; but alas., how changed and fallen is it
now 1
It is time, sir, that we should arouse. Men
of America, why stand ye still ? Arouse! Shake
off your lethargy! All considerations of party
should be lost with us, when our country is in
danger. I am with every man "who is for the
Union, and against every man who is ngainst it;
and I am ready now to march up to our national
altar, and swear: " The Union: it must and shall
be preserved, by the EternalIf its enemies bring
war out of it, it must be so, though none would
regiet it more than myself. Our national prop-
erty, our citizens, public officers, and rights, must
be protected in all the States, and our men-of-war
must be stationed off of southern ports to collect
the revenue: and, if necessary, blockade them.
This may, and I think would, accomplish all,
aided by time and necessity; but, unless we mean
to give up our Government, and feed itas carrion
to the vultures, we ought not to be standing all
the day idle. The enemy is battering at the very
doors of the Capitol, and meditate a seizuic of
our national records, and the appropriation of its
Army and Navy. Shall we wait until our flag is
no longer respected, or shall we strike for the
Constitution and the Union now: I have but
little respect for that patriotism that goes moping
about the streets, wnngingits hands, and asking,
"What is to be done?" It was just that kind
of patriotism that Patrick Henry rebuked in the
days of the Revolution, when, lifted above ordin-
ary mortals by the superhuman power of his
eloquence, he exclaimed against delay when the
chains of colonial bondage were clanking upon
our shores, and within hearing'of the patriots.
The cords and sinews of the Government are
snapping around us, and men are boasting that it
is their hands which sever them. And yet there
are no arrests for treason, as there ought to Be,
and would be, if the laws were "faithfully exe-
cuted/''
I have said before, and repeat again, that my
hope is uot in the President, not in th^ Army or
Navy, but in the people, who are a power above
them all, and who will hold to a fearful account-
ability all who are unfaithful to their country.
The blessings of this Union have dropped, like
the rams from heaven, upon them, and they will
see to its protection. It is of more value than all
the population which it now contains. Born of
the struggles of the revolution and baptized in
the blood of a noble ancestry, it is committed to
them to enjoy and to transmit. My countrymen,
you will preserve and guard it as it is. It has
safely conducted yon thus far, and you should
trust it still. Should you ever entertain the
thought or purpose of destroying it, you will bit-
terly curse that day and moment when your
thresholds and firesides are sprinkled with the
blood of your wives and children.
Mr. Chairman, we are sleeping upon the verge
of a volcano which is sending forth its lurid lights,
and castingup its red-hotlava.- The fires of civil
discord arc ready to burst forth in one wild de-
stroying flame. Treason has reared its bloody
head. Shall we shake hands with it, and bid it
welcome and God-speed; or shall we say, " Thus
far shalt thou go, and no further ?" Sir, the friends
of the Union of all parties should stand shoulder
to shoulder, and all may yet be well. I have no
sympathy or feeling for that man who is not ready
to make any sacrifice for the preservation of his
country. The danger is wide-spread and immi-
nent, and we had better look it directly in the
face. If there is any halting, any giving way,
all is lost. Diplomacy is now secretly at work
to induce Maryland to join the conspirators, and
resume jurisdiction over this District, as I have
before iutimdlcd, and desire again to impress.
This done, relying upon the protection of Vir-
ginia, this Capitol is to be seized, and, if neces-
sary, forcible resistance made to the inauguration
of Mr. Lincoln, the Presidentelect. If the plan
can be consummated, he is never to be allowed
to take the oath of oflicc here. Many a knife is
being whetted for the fray; and blood may flow
before ninety days in the streets of Washington.
If the late candidate of the secessionists, Hon.
John C. Breckinridge, docs not favor these plots,
and is not for a dismemberment of the Union, why
does he not speak out? Why not lift his potent
voice above the storm, and say to his followers:
" Stay your bauds. Imbrue them-not in fraternal
blood, or in the blood of your Government?"
In the name of liberty, in the name of your an-
cestors, in the name of humanity, I beseech you-.
Have you no mother fo plead with you, as Corio-
lanus had? and would it even be too much for you
to say," Mother, you have saved Rome, but lost
a son?"
I know the temper and the feelings of the seces-
sionists. But a day or so ago, their leader in the
Senate said: •
"The .southern States will disclaim all alleinunce. Fivy
States will go out before the '1th of March. 11 is. policy for
them to go our. of the Union before th.-* black Republicans
can use their power. The talk about their repealing their
personal liberty bill.*, will riot prevent their going out. They
intend to go nut, peaceably, if they can ; loreibly, if they
IHU>t."
My answer is this: we will keep you in,
" peaceably if we can;" but the laws must be en-
forced at all hazards. When the overt act of trea-
son is committed, the penalty must be applied.
Coercion means simply the maintenance of the
national authority and the enforcement of its laws;
not war upon a State, unless she, by her acts of
hostility, contemns the one and resists the other.
We mean to do towards you our whole duty,
and prevail upon you, if possible, to return to
your allegiance to the Constitution, and be satis-
fied with your rights, and ask for no more. Let
all friends of the Union say to the South: aban-
don your unwarrantable assumptions that slavery
is earned by the Constitution into the Tenito-
ries, and by necessary implication into all the
free States; abandon the doctune that the tenure
of property in the Territories enn be fixed by
Congress, or is determined by the Constitution,
any more than the principle*of descent. Say to
her, abandon all notions of reviving the African
slave trade, and enforce within your limits the
neutrality laws. Say: abandon your secession
doctrine, which will allow you to break up the
Government whenever you please. Arid say to
the North, cease your war upon slavery m the
South, for it is none of your concern; cease run-
ning off her negroes, for m that you inflict*)) in-
jury and wiong both on the master and the slave;
cease to oppose a full and fair execution of the
fugitive slave law, for the South is entitled to that
by the Constitution: cease to arouse the jealousy
of invaded rights: cease to violate the Constitu-
tion of your country; cease to inflame sectional
passion. Say this to her, and say to both North
and South: come forward now in fhe spirit of con-
cession and peace, and plant yourselves side by
side on the broad and firm basis of non-interven-
tion on the slavery question in the States and
Territories. Stand where our fathers stood, and
you may yet preserve the public liberties, and
safely resist the dangers that threaten the Union.
Mr. Chairman, for one, I am disposed to for-
get the past, and to look only to the future*. I have
not a prejudice or a friendship I am not willing
to lay down, if my country can thereby be bene-
fited. But if I should be asked to give up my
devotion to the principles upon which I believe
the Union can only safely rest, I would hesitate,
nay refuse; for I do not believe that any tempo-
rary expedient will result in good. From its
southern to its utmost northern limits, from east
to west, wherever our flag floats, I yet still claim
it is all my country. We are one great repub-
lican household; and why need there be strife be-
tween us? Sir, let the prayer for those who err,
if they will but turn from their error, be: " Father,
forgive them; they knew notwhattheydid." Sir,
this secession movement has its origin in a blood-
thirsty spirit,*if we can believe the language of
honorable gentlemen. The fact may be repeated,
that the election of Abraham Lincoln is now, as
it was before the event transpired, declared by the
southern extremists to be a sufficient cause for a
dissolution of the Union, or a good justification
for secession. Why! Because, they say, that
gentleman " represents a party whose platform
and lenders require a war upon the institutions and
rights of the South, (that is, upon their negroes,)
and if suffered to come into possession of the Gov-
ernment, would degrade and deprive them of their
equality in the Union." Admitting this, why should
southern secessionists condemn in others the very
thing they are about to do themselves, namely:
abolish slavery and produce bloodshed in the
South? Yes, sir; this is the doctrine announced
by one of her gifted sons. lie said, in 1851, in
rebuking the secessionists, who were laboring to
destroy the Government because of the passage
of the compromise measures of 1850—Mr. Yan-
cey then, as now, at their head:
"Secession, separate nationality, with all its burdens, is
no remedy. It is no ledress for the past; it is no security
for the lutuic. Jt is only a magnificent sacrifice of the
present, without in any wise gaining the future."
u For the various reasons I have stated, 1 objeet, hi as
strong term* I can, to the pecesMou or South Carolina.
Such is the intensity of my conviction upon the subject,
that, if secession should take place, (of winch I have no
idea, for I cannot belie vein the existence of such a stupend-
ous madness,) I shall consider the institution of slavery
doomed, and that the gieatGod, m our blindness, has made
us the mMrunient o! its. destruction."
Such were the sentiments expressed by Hon.
W. W. Boyce, of South Carolina, in a letter ad-
dressed to Hon. J. P. Richardson, president of
a convention of the Southern Rights Association,
fchcld at Charleston, in tho month of May, 3851.
His argument against secession is so overwhelm-
ing, so truthful, and so full of eloquence and
timely warning, and is «o applicable at the pres-
ent time, that I send it up to the Clerk's desk,
and ask that it shall be read.
The Clerk read, as follows:
" Scee.-sjon, then, whether attended with peace or war,
not causing a union of the South, is not in furtherance of
oui ?ieat poliev of bringing about a southern union, and
theieloie should not he adopted.
'• As to t he seiuud purpose of*secession, that it ts a good
measure in itself-—the nationality oj South Carolina—I
hardlv know what to say, it seems to be bo diametrically
antagonistic to every principle ot our policy.
£v The fir->t great fundamental, unanswerable objection to
it is, that it is the disunion of the South—words, of such
feaitul nnpoit that I will not weaken them by elaboration.
South Carolina cannot becomc a nation, (iod
makes nations, not man. You cannot extemporize a nation
out of S-Juth Carolina. It is simply impossible ; tee hive not
the resources. We could exist by tolerance; and what that
tolerance would be, when we consider the present hostile
spirit of the age to the institution ot slaver), ol which we
would be looked upon a* the peculiar exponent, all may
leadify imagine. 1 trust we may never have to look upon
the painful and humiliating spectacle.
"'3. From the weakness of our national government, a
feeling of insecurity would arNe. Capital would take the
alarm and leave us But it may be >aid. let capital go. To
this I reply, that capital is the life-blood of a modern com-
munity. and in losing it you lose the vitality of the State.
k£4. This national government would be a very, icry
costly machine. The cost of a government is in imer^e
propoition toitsmimbois. A small national grneinmciit is
necessarily far more expensive than a huge one. Look at
