56
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 16,
36th Coxg....2d Sess. The Crisis—Its Causes, and the way to meet it—Mr. Morris.
Ho. of Reps.
the small German States, ground down with taxation. So it
would be with us. The Federal fleets would cut off all
Import duties, and the immense burden of the government '
would have to be raised«by direct taxation.
" 5. The feeling of insecurity arising from the weakness
of our national government, together with the burden of
increased taxation, would cause, or rather continue, an
immense emigration. Emigration is naturally going on all
the time from the old States to the fertile El Dorados of the
West; put any further burdens on the citizens of the old
States, and you add immensely to this stream of emigration.
Unfortunately this emigration, in the event ofyour becom-
ing a separate nation, would be only from the white race,
and.you would therefore be going down the declivity of ruin
tuitk fearful velocity.
• "6. Following emigration, and a natural effect of it,
would be an immense depreciation of property ; lands first,
more land being thrown into the market than the demand.
required; then negroes, as they would be cut off from the
western maiket. Millions would be lost to the State in
this way." * *★****>
" 10. Secession is against the tH<shes of the other southern
States. Ought not they to have some influence with us ?
Should we not defer to our allies, uho have twenty times the
interest in the institution of slavery that we have? How can
we ever hopefora union of the South, if we, a mcie hand-
ful of the southern people, insist on jorcing our opinions
on the rest of the South? A southern union implies a
modification of the extremes ofaH opinions.
"11. A large minority, at least, of our citizens arc op-
posed to secession. If there were no other objection, this
should be conclusive.
" 12. Secession, separate nationality, with all its burdens,
is no remedy. It isno redrestforlhe past; itisno securityjor
the future. It is only a magnificent sacrifice ot the present,
without in anywise gaining the future. We are told, how-
ever, that it is resistance, and that we must not submit to
the late action of Congress. Now, \ would like to know
which one of these measures we resist by secession. It is
not the piohibition of'siave marts in the District of Colum-
bia. It is not the purchase of the Texas territory. It is cer-
tainly not the admission of California. Which aggression,
then, do we resist by secession ? These are all the recent
aggressions which we re'sist now by secession. Secession,
gallant as may be the spirit which prompts it, is only a new
form of submission.
" For the various reasons I have stated, I object, in as
strong terms as I can, to the secession of South Caiolina.
Such is the intensity of my conviction upon the subject,
that,?/" secession should take place, (of which I have no
idea, for I cannot believe in the existence of such a stu-
pendous madness, I shall consider the institution of slavery
as doomed, and that the great God, in our blindness, has
made its the instruments of its destruction."
Mr. MOR.RIS, of Illinois. Mr. Chairman, I
saw published in the Constitution newspaper, the
Executive organ, a few days ago, another letter
from Mr. Boyce, which I now also send up, and
ask that it shall be read.
The Clerk read, as follows:
To my Fairfield constituents:
Mynamo'lias been presented hy kind friends for a seat
in the State convention, as a delegate from Faufield. I
have also received assurances fiom seveial quaiteis that,
if a candidate,J would receive a cordial support from my
district.
While appreciating this expression of confidence, and
. considering it as increasing the debt of gratitude already
owing by rnc for past favors, I must beg leave to decline
being a candidate. I am, and ever will be, ready to serve
my State ordistrict in any capacity win-re my services may
actually he needed; but several worthy gentlemen have
been nominated foi seats In the convention every way qual-
ified, who will serve if elected. Besides. I am convinced
1 can better nerv  my State by being at Washington than
by being a member of the convention. The South Carolina
Representatives can do much t<^give. proper direction toi
public opinion at Washington; aud I would consider it the
proudest aet of my life to be able to announce upon the
floor of Corigtc^s that South Carolina had, by an ordinance
of secession, severed her connection with her northern
'enemies, and stood ready to form a Union, worthy of the
name, with her sUter southern States.
• Very respectfully, W1JLUAM W. BOYCE.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. Take that from that,
and what remains?
Such, Mr. Chairman, has not only boon the
course of Mr. Boyce on the secession question,
but other southern statesmen; and such has been
about the consistency of their course on the non-
intervention question. If they will persist in their
•' stupendous madness," they must take the con-
sequences. " Whom the Gods would destroy,
they first n)ake mad.5'
In what 1 have said, Mr. Chairman, I have
made no assault upon the society, the men—I have
none but personal kind feelings towards them—or
the institutions of the South. I make war upon
their secession, which is only another name for
treason, and upon their aggressions upon the Con-
stitution and the people of the Territories. They
want slaves declared by the Constitution to be
both property and persons, and recognized as such
throughout ihe Union. Before I will ever vote to
sustain such doctrine, or force slavery upon a
people who do not want it, my tongue shall cleave
to the roof of my mouth. If it has come to this,
that there is to be no other controlling power in
this country but slavery, or "king cotton," and
we are all required to minister at its altar  and
comply with its present demands for extension and
recognition every where, I shall decline the service;
while at the same time I will equally as promptly
frown upon every attempt to interfere with it Jn
the local governments where the people establish
it. The southerners presented'a sectional candi-
date upon their own platform, made war upon the
Democratic party, its nominees and organization;
then, when defeat, followed, and they were beaten
at their own game, turned around and complained
bitterly of" sectionalism!" " And why beholdest
thou the mote that is in thy brother's eye, butcon-
sidercst not the beam that is in thine own eye?"
That my constituents and the people of my
section may know the opinions entertained of
them by certain southern gentlemen, I will read
from a letter addressed by a distinguished mem-
ber of this House from the State of Mississippi,
which was printed and thrown upon our desks a
few days ago. I refer to Hon. Lucius. Q,. C.
Lamar, whom I regard as one of the most con-
servative and talented men among the secession-
ists. Hear what he says. I leave his words
without comrcient. They need none:
"The corruption of the State and nfflinicipal govern-
ments north, the magnitude of their cities, and the conse-
quent disoider and crime and disparity of condition among
the inhabitants, the increase of heteiogeneous populations,
their red republicanism, mfidclity,and anti-Christian ideas;
the intempeiance and violence and indecorumoftbe noith-
ern clergy, and the anarchy of opinions upon all questions
of social intciest, and the want of any sound public opin-
ion, furnish strong evidence that sooner or later society
there will experience a general overturn." .
I will not, Mr. Chairman, contrast the civiliza-
tion of the gentleman's State with my own. I
will not retaliate language, but I must give the
answer of the South to the South; and here I want
to declare that when I have, or may in the course
of my remarks refer to the South, I mean the
disunionists. The St. Louis Republican, a lead-
ing southern journal, of the 4th of October last,
contained an editorial, which I ask the Clerk to
read.
The Clerk read, ns follows:
u The Folly, Inscnnh/, and Perfidy of the South.—When,
in the next centmy, the historian of the United States shall
write the history of the piesidential canvass of 1800, lie
will be compelled to iccuul that, un the paitof a poition of
the southern people, theie was an exhibition of mingled
folly, insanity, and perfidy, which was probably without a
flaialiel. Their tolly will he t een to have been puie and
unmixed; their insanity will he recognized as having a
method m it; and then peifidv will be written down as
without excuse. They will be pi evented as denouncing
northern sectionalism, and yet as, without necessity, bring-
ing into existence a southern MVtionalism, winch it was as
impossible to establish as a patt of the policy of the Govern-
ment, as to piopel the etiuent ol the Mississippi river back
to its sources. They will be exhibited as declining the elec-
tion of a President, by an exclusively noithern sectional
vote, to be a just cause for their dissolving the Union; and
yet as taking the veiy course to produce that result. They
will bo recorded a1* having, in I8.">fi, defeated the election of
a northern sectional candidate, by uniting their votes in
support of his Democratic opponent; and yet, in I860, as
retusing to unite with the Democratic party to accomplish
a like end.
" It will be written of them that, with deliberate forecast,
they planned to break up the only party in the country that
had the power to stem the torrent of anti-«lavery fanaticism ;
and then availed themselves of their own act as a pretext
for dissolving that Union, of which they had fieely become
an integral part, without any re-.fi ration of any right to re-
tile therefrom. It will be told of them that though, in 18o6,
they, with one universal voice, sustained the doctrine of
' Non-interference by Congress with slavery in State and Ter-
ritory, or in the District of Columbiayet, in 1860, they
faithlessly abjured that doctrine, and declared in favor of
Concessional interference with that subject. It will be
presented that while they demanded, in 1856, that the whole
subject of slavery in the Tenitones should be left to the
people thereof, to regulate as they .should deem best, they,
m I860, demanded that those people should not be allowed
to regulate it at all. it tvill he shown that, desiring that
the Territories should be left open to the access and estab-
lishments the institution ofslaveiy, they, at the same time,
piofc-scd that they did not want either Congress or the Terri-
torial Legislatui e to legislate m regard to it; when they knew
and declared that without affirmative laws to sustain it, the
institution could not exist there for a single day. It will
be made manifest that, denying the right of Congress to
prohibit slavery intheTeriitories,thcy yetatliimed the duty
of Congress to protect it there, in a certain contingency,
which they admitted had not arisen, and which there wa 
no reason "to suppose ever would arise; and dissolved their
connection with the Democratic pai ty to form another parly
in support simply of that single dogma.
" It will appear that while tlu-j professed to insist upon
a strict const! notion of the Federal Constitution, and to be
ready to uphold the lights of the States, they demanded of
Congress to take a coursc of action in regulating the inter-
nal affairs of a Territory, which should afterwards become
a State, lor which that Constitution contained no warrant,
thereby using the power of the nation to override the will
of the people of a Territory up to the very moment of their
forming a State government; and so, in fact, taking from
them the regulation of their own affairs, and forming their
domestic institutions for them, and practically reducing
them to a condition of colonial servility such as that from
which our fathers-emerged, through fiery trials and blood,
into liberty and independence; and that, too, in the face
of the declaration of the Supreme Court of the United
States, that the Federal Government has no constitutional
power to hold any colonial dependencies whatever. All this
and more, will be narrated in illustration of that folly, in-
sanity, and perfidy which characterized a portion of the
southern people in the presidential canvass of 1860. And
if the historian shall further be compelled to relate that, as
the result of such a strange exhibition on the part of an in-
telligent people, the Union was riven into fragments, and
a nation of brothers became two or more nations of ene-
mies, with their hands imbrued in each other's blood, and
making of themselves a spectacle which could afford no
pleasure to any in the whole universe but the devils in hell,
his impaitial pen will, on the same page, inscribe for the
warning of future ages t 1 Behold, how terrible is the
record which the folly, insanity, and perfidy o?
men can make v "
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. Mr. Chairman, I
cannot conclude what I have to say on this oc-
casion, until I ask to be read at the Clerk's desk
portions of the great speech of Mr. Clay, deliv-
ered on the compromise measures of 1850. They
speak with so much power and truthfulness to «,
my countrymen, that they are but the language
of the sainted dead coming back from the tomb,
to the restless living, in vindication and rescue of
the Government from the hand of the spoiler, and
as a warning of the dreadful consequences which
are to flow from a dissolution of this hallowed
and glorious Union.
The Clerk read, as follows:
" We are told now, and it is rung throughout this entire
country, that the Union is threatened with subversion and
destruction. Well, the first question which naturally arises
is, supposing the Union to be dissolved—having all the
causes ot grievance which are complained of—how far will
a dissolution furnish a remedy for those grievances? If
the Union is to be dissolved for any existing causes, it will
be dissolved bccause slavery is interdicted or not allowed
to be introi^ced into the ceded Tcrritoiies ; because sla-
very is threatened to be abolished in the District of Colum-
bia; and because fugitive slaves are not returned, as in my
opinion they ought to be, restoied to their masters. These
I believe will be the causes, if there be any causes, which
can lead to the direful event to which I have referred."
* «.* * * * *_* * + *
" Well, finally, will you, in a state of dissolution of the
Union, he safer with your slaves within the bosom of the
States than you are now? Mr. President, that they will
escape much more frequently from the border States, no one
will doubt.
" But I must take the occasion to say that, in my opinion,
there is no right on the part of one or more of the States to
secedc from the Union. War and the dissolution of the
Union are identical aud insepaiable. There can be no
dissolution of the Union, except by consent or by war. No
one (Mm expect, in the existing state of things, that that
consent would be given, and war is the only alternative by
which a dissolution could be accomplished. And, Mr.
President, if consent were given—if possibly we were to
separate by mutual agreement and by a given line—in less
than sixty days after such an agreement had been executed,
war would break out between the free and slaveholding
portions of this Union—between the two independent por-
tions into which it would be erected in virtue oftheaetof
separation. Yes, sir, in sixty days—in less than sixty days
—I believe our slaves from Kentucky would be fleeing over
in numbers to the other side of the river, would be pursued
by their owners, and the excitable and ardent spirits who
would engage in the pursuit would be restrained by no
sense of the rights which appertain to the independence
of the other side of the river, supposing it, then, to be the
line of separation. They would pursue their slaves ; they
would be repelled, and war would bieak out. In less than
sixty days, war would be blazing forth in every part of
this now happy and peaceable land.
" But how are you going to separate them ? In my hum-
ble opinion, Mr. President, we should begin at least with
three confederacies—the Confederacy of the North, the
Confederacy of the Atlantic southern States, (the slave-
holding States,) ant! the Confederacy of the valley of the
Mississippi. My life upon it, sir, that vast population that
has already concentrated, and will concentrate, upon the
headwaters and tributaries of the Mississippi, will never
consent that the mouth of that liver shall be held subject
to the power of any foreign State whatever. Such, I be-
lieve, would be the consequenccs of a dissolution of the
Union. But other confederacies would spiing up, from
time to time, as dissatisfaction and discontent were dis-
seminated over the country. There would be the confed-
eracy of the lakes ; perhaps the confederacy of New Eng-
land and of the middle States.
" But, sir, the vail which covers these sad and disastrous
events that lie b«yond a possible rupture of the Union, is
too thick to be penetrated or lifted by any mortal eye or
hand.
'k Mr. President, I am directly opposed to any purpose of
secession, of separation. J amforstayingwilhintlie Union,
and defying any portion of this Union to expel or dnve me
out of the Union. I am for staying within the Union, and
fighting for my rights—if necessary, with the swoid— within
