642
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 30,
understand that to be one of the questions some-
times raised between eastern and western Vir-
ginia. In North Carolina slave property is com-
paratively exempt from taxation. It is not taxed
according to the same rule and the same manner
asotherproperty; and the question of ad valorem,
that divided that State last year, involved this very
principle. The Senator from Missouri is now
incorporating into this territorial bill the very
principle that a majority of the people of North
Carolina repudiated in the contest that took place
last August in that State. I understand this same
discrimination between slave property and other
property is made in nearly every slaveholding
State, if not in every one; and now we are told
that the Territories may not make that discrimi-
nation which the slaveholding States themselves
make for the benefit of that institution.
I feel no interest in this question. I merely call
attention to it to show that it is a departure from
the principles of legislation both in the free States
and the slaveholding States; a restriction ^which
neither class of States imposes upon their Legis-
lature. If the Senate, then, choose to put this
restriction on the power of the Territorial Legis-
lature, let it be done.
Mr. GREEN. I understand it is the part of
the age to progress, to improve as we advance.
On the original territorial bills, perhaps such a
provision was not found; but the Senator from
Illinois, while chairman of that committee, made
rapid strides, and he was the first to introduce
that identical provision. I ask the Secretary to
read the provision in the bill making distinctions
between different kinds of property.
The Secretary read, as follows:
Nor shall any law be passed impairing the rights of pri-
vate pioperty; nor shall any di.-cnmmation be made in
taxing ditfeient kinds ol'property.
Mr. GREEN. Now, here,in the Oregon bill,
is this provision:
"Sko. 6. Jind be it further cnacted, That the Legislative
power of the Tenitoiy '•hail extend to all rightful subjects
of legislation not inconsistent with the Constitution and
laws of the United rftato* ; but no law shall be passed in-
terfering with the prnnaiy disposal <>f the feoil; no tax shall
be imposed upon the piopertyof the United States; nor
shall the lands or othci propeuy of non-iesidents be taxed
ingliei than the lands or other pioperty of residents. All the
laws passed by the Legislative Assembly shall he submitted
to the Congiess of the United s*tatc>, and if disapproved,
shall be null ;uid of no cflect: Provided, That nothing in
this act shall be construed to g.vo power to incorporate a
bank or any institution with banking powers, or to bonow
money m the name of the Tcintoiy, or to pledge the faith
of the people of the same for .any loan whatever, directly
or indirectly. No charter granting any privilege of making,
issuing, or putting into circulation any notes or bills in
the likeness ot bank notcc, or any bonds, scrip, diafts, hslU
of exchange, or obligations, or granting any other banking
povver  or puvileges, shall be passed by tin; Legislative As-
sembly ; nor shall the establishment of any branch or agency
of any such corporation, derived hom other authority, he
allowed m said Teriitoiy; nor shall said Legislative As-
sembly authorize the i<suo of any obligation, scrip, or evi-
dence of debt, by t-did Tcrriiory, in any mode or manner
whatevci, e\cept ceitifieates tor scivtce to said Territory.
And all ^ueh laws, or any law or laws inconsistent with
the provisions of thi> act, shall be utteily null and void.
And all taxes shall he equal and umfonn, and no distinc-
tions shall be made in the assessments between ditfeient
kinds of pioperty, but the assessment < shall be according
to the value thereof. To avoid improper influences, which
may result from intermixing m one and the same act such
things as have no pioper relation to each other, eveiy law
shall embrace but one object, and that shall be expressed
in the title.5'—Statutes at Large, Tlmty-fteeond Congress,
second session, p. 175.
That is in the Oregon bill. In the Washington
territorial bill there is the same provision, which
I read, and the same principle precisely which is
in this bill now, and to which the Senator takes
exception. I followed the wise example of my
predecessor; and if it be wrong now, the tutor is
to be blamed, and not the pupil. 1 hold the prin-
ciple to be right and just. It is in our State con-
stitution, whether it is in the constitution of Vir-
ginia or not. I do not intend to imitate a wrong
simply because it may be found in the policy of
the State of Virginia. I do not suppose that this
provision will ever affect slavery in any manner
whatever; and when the Senator put it in the
Washington bill, and the Oregon bill, it was not
to affect slavery, but to protect the rights of the
people, and not to exclude any species of prop-
erty recognized by the law and Constitution Gov-
erning the Territory. U is for that purpose: to
establish a rule of justice m taxation, not to per-
mit an arbitrary power to build up one at the
expense of another. Hence, I think the excep-
tion, or the attention which the Senator called to
that point, was unnecessary; for it was not de-
signed, as he will see by comparing it with his
own bills, to introduce any subject of controversy.
I can say, on my honor, it was not designed to
introduce any subject of controversy. It was
copied from the Oregon bill and from the Wash-
ington territorial bill. It was designed simply to
carry out exactly the principles which the Senator
had incorporated in those bills.
Mr.DOUGLAS* Thepledgeofthegentleman's
honor is abundantly sufficient. I do not impeach
it. I had not attacked him, nor attributed any
design to him. I think there is a better mode of
legislation than making a personal point on the
consistency of a Senator, and talking about a de-
sign of a Senator, when he calls the attention of
the body to a peculiar provision in a bill. Sup-
pose it was true that I wrote the Washington bill,
and that that provision was m it, does that have
anything to do with this question? I do not
charge the Senator with inconsistency. Would
that prove that this was wise? It so happens I
did not write the Washington bill. It so happens
it was a House bill. It seems that provision
passed, as we were about to pass this, because
we were told: it is in the usual form. These bills
had not been so thoroughly matured and exam-
ined with regard to the powers of the Territorial
Legislature,until 1850. In thatgreatcontroversy,
in which Mr. Clay took the lead in this body,
there was substituted a new principle of legisla-
tion as applicable to the Territories, in lieu of the
geographical hnc that had been abandoned; and
then the question arose specially as to what should
be the powers of a Territorial Legislature. From
that time, in every bill I have written, 1 have
copied the compromise measures of 1850, so far
as the powers of a Territorial Legislature were
concerned. The Kansas-Nebraska bill I copied,
word forword, from those measures,with theex-
ception of the amendment afterwards m regard to
the Missouri line, which did not affect the tuni-
torial powers on any of these questions.
If the Senate wish now to depart from that prac-
tice, and to put m this provision, { have no ob-
jection; but I deny that it is a proper system of
legislation that you shall not discriminate in tax-
ation. I hold that it is proper that the people of
a Territory should put a higher tax upon brandy,
whisky, and other ardent spirits, than they do
upon school books or Ury-goods, if they choose.
It is proper for the people of a Territory to dis-
criminate with the view of improvingagriculture;
and they may put a higher tax upon inferior breeds
of cattle than they do upon blooded cattle. It is
proper for Territorial Legislatures to exempt
importations of blooded stock, with a view of im-
proving their breeds, from taxation, for a limited
time. It is proper to so exercise the taxing power
as to encourage those branches of industry which
are for the good of the people; and, to the same
extent, restiaining those tlmtthey believe arc not.
These are powers that are exercised by all the
States, with reference to their local and domestic
concerns. I think it is a wise and just power to
be exercised in the Tu'iitones.
There would be no difficulty on this question,
but for slavery; and in order to answer the objec-
tion on that point, I have shown that, in the slave-
holding States, they make tins same discrimina-
tion. I do not be!ie\e there is a State in this
Union, free or slave, that docs not make the iden-
tical discrimination that isauthonzed by this bill.
But, I repeat, 1 do not take interest enough in it
to occupy further the attention of the Semite. I
thought it was proper, without impeaching any
gentleman's motive, and without attributing any
designs, to call attention to it, because it was not
a usual provision.
Mr. GIlEEN. One word only. I hope the Sen-
ator does not suppose that 1 brought the subject
here in order to show any inconsistency in him. I
had no such object. But when the Senator said it
was an unusual provision, it became my duty to
vindicate myself; and I therefore referred to two
bills—the Oregon bill and the Washington bill—
containing exactly the same provisions. But he
says the territorial question was discussed in 1850
! on the compromise measures; and the greatleader,
' Mr. Clay, settled the great principle upon which
the Kansas-Nebraska bill was passed. Very well.
The Washington bill was passed in 1853, and still
contains the same provision. That was after the
compromise measures of 1850. The Oregon bill
was passed in 1848, and no exception was taken
to that provision-
Mr. DOUGLAS. I stated at the tim^that it
was a House bill, passed without being particu-
larly scrutinized. The question was not made.
But I do assert that every bill, since 1850, tl at I
ever wrote, or that originated in this body, has
been upon this basis, and that the only isolated
exception is the one that he plants himself upon,
Mr. GREEN. Will the Senator tell me what
Territory has been organized since 1853 ?
Mr. DOUGLAS- 1 tell him I suppose Kansas
has been organized; IsupposeNebraskahasbeen
organized since that time. But I arh not referring
to precedents. The Senator attributes to me a
design because I point out an unusual provis-
ion. In all the territorial governments, from the
beginning of the Government down, perhaps, he
can find two examples. I am willing the Senate
shall vote upon the question. I take no interest
in it, only I want them to understand what they
are voting on.
Mr. GIlEEN- Mr. President, I do not like
this way of the Senator taking the floor without
my consent, and without addressing the Chair.
I make that explanation in vindication of the
propriety of retaining that provision in the bill;
because it is in accordance with usage, and be-
cause it is just and proper in itself. When the
Senator said I had departed from the usual order,
I thought he was doing me injustice, as he had
put it in his own bill. But he says he did not
draw the bill; it was a House bill. 1 care not; it
had to undergo his supervision. He was chair-
man of the Committee on Territories, and it was
his duty, if it was not the duty of the Senate, to
read the whole bill to know what it contained. I
know he generally discharges his duty, and I had
a right to presume that he did so in that instance
Hence, he is as much chargeable with undertak-
ing to make these discriminations and distinctions
as 1 am.
But in point of fact lie misapprehends the whole
question, when he says we cannot discriminate in
grunting licenses for the sale of spirituous liquors.
That is a different question. Taxation is one
thing, and the selling of a privilege to pursue a
vocation is another and an entirely different thing.
You may tax a profession; you may tax lawyers
and doctors; you may tax retailers of spirits; you
may tax various other vocations in life, consist-
ently with the principle which says, whatever
piopeity is taxed must be taxed in proportion to
its value. That has been determined by the Su-
preme Court, that taxation is one thing, and the
selling of a privilege to pursue avocation another
and a different thiug. So it is in this ease. They
may put their licenses on tippling houses so high
in the Teriitory of Idaho as to utterly exclude
them, notwithstanding the existence of that pro-
vision; but whatever pioperty is taxed, must be
taxed according to its value. That is the prin-
ciple in the Oregon bill; that is the principle in the
Washington territorial bill; it is the principle of
justice, and ought to pervade the institutions of
every State and every Territory. If some States
have departed from it, that is no reason why we
should follow a bad example. I shall not detain
the Senate. There is no motion to strike it out,
I believe.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Yes there is.
Mr. GIlEEN. Very well. As there is a mo-
tion to strike out, 1 shall resist it; and 1 shall con •
tend for following the example of the Washington
bill and of the Oregon territorial bill.
Mr. MASON. Call for the yeas and nays on it
Mr. GREEN. I will.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is the Senate
ready for the question?
Mr. MASON. I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. FITCH. I hope the Secretary will read
the proposed amendment. 1 do notknow what it is.
The Secretary read it.
Mr. RICE. Is an amendment to the amend-
ment now in order ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Not after the
yeas and nays have been ordered.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I think it is as much in
order after as before.
Mr. RICE. I think if the motion were changed
so as to strike out all after the word " property,"
in the tenth line, it would change the aspect of
the vote that might be given.
