58
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 15,
36th Cong....2d Sess.
State of thg, Union—Mr. Stanton.
Ho. of Reps.
was in process of extinction; and did not Mr.
Seward declare that the result of the success of
the Republican candidate was the overthrow of
slavery ? „ %
Mr. STANTON, I am perfectly aware that
there is now, as there always has been from the
organization of ourG-overnment,aclass of states-
men or philosophers who have held that there
is, in the very nature of things, an antagonism
between free labor and slave labor civilization
which cannot be reconciled; and that, therefore,
a confederacy of States partly free and partly
slave could not be permanently maintained.
Thomas Jefferson and George Mason may be
citcd as disciples of this school in the early his-
tory of the country; and Mr?*Seward, an(l per-
haps Mr. Lincoln, at the present day.
Whether they are right or wrong is a question
which I do not propose to discuss; but merely to
say that they are merely speculative opinions,
which may be right or wrong, but can have no
operation upon any question arising in the ad-
ministration of the Government; that they can
exert no influence upon the policy of the Govern-
ment in relation to slavery cither in the States or
Territories.
If these opinions arc sound, no denial of them
can make them unsound; and if they are wrong,
no assertion of them can make them right. And
the assertion or denial of them will not reverse
the laws of the universe, established by the Al-
mighty for the government of mankind; and these
laws will work out the problem with the same
infallible certainty, whether they are admitted or
denied.
These expressions of opinion, therefore, upon
abstract questions of social or political economy,
have nothing to do with any practical question of
policy that maybe adopted in the administration
of the Government.
Mr. Chairman, I desire to state, in a few words,
what I regard as the real question in controversy
between the political parties of the country.
The Republican party holds that African sla-
very is a local institution, created and sustained
by State laws and usages that cannot exist beyond
tfic limits of the State, by virtue of whose laws
it is established and sustained.
The Democratic party holds that African sla-
very is a national institution, recognized and sus-
tained by the Constitution of the United States
throughout our enfire territorial limits, where not
prohibited by State constitutions and State laws.
Every man who holds that slavery is a local
institution, dependent upon local State laws, is a
Republican; and if he is not acting with the Re-
lican party, he is away from home and ought to
return as soon as possible.
And every man who holds that slavery is na-
tional, and is recognized and sustained by the
Constitution of the United States, wherever it is
not prohibited by local State laws, is a pro-sla-
very Democrat; and if he is not now in that party,
he is away from home, and ought to get there as
soon as possible.
All other questions about which we differ grow
out of this, and are dependent upon it.
Thus, it is claimed by one party that slaves
* may be taken into the Territories, becnuse slavery
is national, and may go everywhere not prohib-
ited by local law. But by the other party it is
claimed that blaves cannot be taken into thcTcr-
Htories and held there, because slavery is local,
and cannot exist beyond the limits of the State
by virtue of whose laws it is established and main-
tained.
So it is claimed by one party that, slaves being
recognized by the Constitution as property, the
owner has a right to take them with him when he
goes into a free State for temporary purposes,
just as he may take his trunk or his carpet-sack.
The other party, denying that slaves are recog-
nized as property by the Constitution, claims that j
whenever a slave goes into a free State with the
consent of his owner, he is thereby emancipated.
Gentlemen will see, therefore, that this ques-
tion of thenationality of slavery underlies all our
controversies, and therefore must be met and dis-
posed of. To this question, therefore, I propose
mainly to address myself during the hour allotted
to me under our rules.
There are' three clauses of the Constitution
which, as I understand it, are relied upon to sus-
tain the nationality of slavery:
1. The clause providing for the recapture of
fugitives from service.
2. The clause fixing the basis of representation.
3. The clause authorizing the prohibition of the
slave trade after the year i808.
There is one general remark applicable to all
these clauses, as well as to all other parts of the
Constitution; and that is, that the term " slave"
is carefully excluded, and they are everywhere
called " persons."
By the common law which prevailed in all the
States, the term " persons" was a well understood
legal term, used in contradistinction to the term
"property," or "things." A "person" could
not be 44 property," by the common law. The
framers of the Constitution, therefore, supposed
they had excluded the idea that persons or slaves
could be recognized as property by the Constitu-
tion, This is more clearly demonstrated by the
proceedings of the convention which framed the
Constitution, as reported by the Madison papers.
The first proposition to provide for the recapture
of fugitive slaves was proposed by Mr. Butler and
Mr. Pinckney, of South Carolina; whereupon the
following proceedings took place:
"Mr. Butler and Mr. Pinckney moved to require fugi-
tive slaves and servants to be delivered up like criminals.
" Mr. Wilson. This would oblige the Executive of the
State to do it at the public expense.
"Mr. Sherman saw no more propriety in the public
seizing and sui rendering a slave than o hoisc.
"Mr. JJuti.er withdtew his proposition, in order that
some particular provision might be made, apart from this
article."—5 Elliot's Debates, 487.
This was upon the 28th of August.. On the
next day (August 29) Mr. Butler renewed his
proposition in this form:
"If any person bound to servicc or labor in any of the
United States shall escape into another State, he or she
shall not be discharged from such service or labor in con-
sequence of any regulation subsisting m the State to which
they c*enpc, but shall be delivered up to the person justly
claiming their service or labor.
"Which was agreed to ncm eon." — 5 Elliot's JDebates,
492.
It seems, however, that the convention, upon
further reflection, were not satisfied with the
phraseology of this provision, lest it might be
construed to give an implied sanction to slavery.
And thereupon, on the 15th of September, the fol-
lowing proceedings were had:
"Article four, section two, (the third paragraph,1) being
under consideration, the term ' legally' was struck out, and
the woids 1 under the laws thereof' inserted after the word
4 State,' in compliance with the wish of some who thought
the term 1 legal' equivocal, and favoring the idea that sla-
very was legal m a moral view."—5 EllioVs Debates, 550.
These extracts contain all that was said or done
in the convention in relation to the recapture of
fugitive slaves; and it will be seen frowcarefully
the convention excluded every wo/d or phrase
that could be construed into a recognition of the
idea that they intended that the Constitution
should recognize property in slaves.
Tn the first place, Mr. Butler was compelled to
abandon the idea of using the term slaves, and
fall back upon a description of the " persons" to
be recaptured. Next, when he proposed the re-
capture of persons escaping from any State, he
was compelled to permit the interpolation of the
words 44 under the laws thereof, lest it might
be claimed that it applied to persons held under
the Constitution or laws of the United States.
Next, having used the word 44 legally or justly"
as descriptive of the character of the obligation
which the fugitive owed to the claimant, he was
compelled to have that stricken out, lest it might
be claimed that the Constitution recognized the
legality or justice of slavery. The language of
the clause will bear no other construction. " Per-
sons"—not slaves—escaping from service, not
from their owners, not from their masters. 44 Per-
sons held to service under"—what? under the
Constitution? No; but" under the laws thereof;"
pointing out and specifying the particular local
law under which they are held, 44 shall not by
reason of any law or regulation in the State to
which they may have fled, be discharged from
such" service or labor." Why was it apprehended
that their escape into a free State would discharge
them from "such servicc or labor:" Clearly
because the laws of no State can have any validity
beyond Us territorial limits; and therefore, when
he escaped from a State in which he was held
"under the laws thereof" his status would be fixed
by the laws of the State to which he fled. Hence
it was absolutely necessary to prevent such a
result, by providing specifically that it should not
have that effect. But, he " shall be delivered up to
the persen to whom such service or labor may be
due." He is then a rational, accountable being,
capablc of incurring a legal obligation or liability.
" Service is due" from him. Can this be said of
a chattel—a horse or a cow, or a bale of cotton ?
Surely not.
But this provision, in its terms and by its settled
and uniform construction, covers other persons
besides slaves. It covers all persons who owe
service or labor by contract as well as by involun-
tary servitude. An indented apprentice, a minor
child, or even a wife, (who, by the common law,
owes service or labor to her husband,) may be re-
claimed under<this provision of the Constitution.
" Property " is the subject of sale and traffic; may
betaken in execution for the payment of debts;
goes to the administrator for the paymcntrof the
debts of the owner, and for distribution to his
heirs. It will hardly be claimed, therefore, thatan
apprentice, a child, or a wife, are made property
by this clause of the Constitution, and yet th^y
are as completely within its provisions as slaves.
But if slaves are recognized as property by the
Constitution, what necessity was there for a clause
providing for the iccapture of fugitives from ser-
vicc or labor? The Constitution is the supreme
law of the land; and whatever is recognized as
property by that instrument, the.courts of all the
States are bound to treat as property. If, there-
fore, slaves are property under the Constitution,
what necessity is there for any law or constitu-
tional provision for the recapture of fugitives?
Why does not the master take his slave, in any
State where he may find him, on a writ of replevin
in the Federal or State court, establish his title,
and take him home with him, just as he would his
horse or his ox? Why have we no constitutional
provision or law of Congress for the recapture of
fugitive horses or cattlc ? Simply because fchey
are property; and therefore thcfrc is no necessity
for it. And it is only because slaves are not prop-
erty that a necessity exists for this constitutional
provision.
But it is claimed that in the apportionment of
representation and taxation the Constitution rec-
ognizes slaves as property.
In the convention that framed the Constitution,
the free States claimed that slaves were property,
like horses or cattle, and that therefore they ought
not to make any part of the basis of representa-
tion; and the slave States claimed that tney were
persons, and not property occupying the position
of property in animals and inanimate things.
But after the basis of representation was agreed
upon, both parties took especial care to exclude
the id«a that they were property, or that the rep-
resentation in Congress should, to any extent, be
based upon property. As as instance of this, look
at the proceedings that were had upon the 13th of
September: „
" Article four, section two, being under consideration, on
motion of Mr. Randolph, the word 'servitude' was struck
out and 1 service 5 unanimously inserted; the former being
thought to express the condilioa of slaves, ami the latter
the obligations of lree persons."—5 EllioVs Debates, 540.
The Constitution in this article treats slaves as
persons, occupying a dependent and subordinate
position, analogous to women and children, who,
though they could not vote, were nevertheless
regarded as proper to be considered in adjusting
the basis of representation.
The framers of the Constitution, in ad justing the
basis of representation, were.not only induced by
their opposition to slavery, but by an apprehen-
sion that making property a basis of representa-
tion would render it exceedingly odious to the
people, and prevent its ratification. Great care
was taken, therefore, to exclude that idea from
the text of the Constitution itself; but in the debates
and proceedings the South disclaimed thg idea of
basing representation on slaves as property, but
claimed that they were persons, and therefore
ought to be represented.
3. It is claimed that the provision authorizing
Congress to prohibit the slave trade after the year
1808 recognizes property in slaves.
