62
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January IT,
36th Cons....2d Sess.
The Union of the States—Mr, Ashley.
Ho. 03? Reps.
South, in the name of Democracy, have dictated
and controlled the policy of the General Govern-
ment. The constitutionally expressed will of the
people is again declared; and the parties which
have been defeated are called upon to assent to the
adoption of the policy of the fathers in the inau-
guration of the just sway of freedom in the na-
tional Government. But a large majority of the
leaders of one of the parties into which the South
is divided, not only refuse obedience to the legally
constituted authorities, but some four or five States
under the guidance of these party leaders, have
gone so far as to declare their independence; and
others are openly threatening rebellion, and the
destruction of the Government they have so long
controlled.
Standing, sir, on the threshold of such events
—events the most important in dur history since
the era of the Revolution — I feel the import-
ance, the responsibility, and the grandeur of the
mission committed by the verdict of a generous
people of the party of which I am a member.
And I desire, for a short time, the attention of the
House, while discussing the exciting questions
which it is alleged this verdict of the people has
precipitated upon the country, ft^r. Chairman,
however much to be regretted, I am not insensi-
ble to the fact, that in a struggle to carry any im-
portant measure through this House, tactics are
resorted to rather than argument, that votes are
secured and changes are oftener effected by party
machinery and executive influences, than by ap-
peals to the judgment and patriotism of mem-
bers. Nevertheless, I feel it to be my duty to
speak and make knswn, so far as I may in the
limited time allowed me, the views of those whom
I have the honor to represent.
Mr. Chairman, our present prosperity andnap-
piness as a nation, no less than our future peace,
demands, in my judgment, the preservation of
the American Union as our fathers intended it
should be, with no star withdrawn from the con-
stellation; demands the maintenance of the na-
tional Constitution inviolate, and the faithful exe-
cution of all laws passed in pursuance of that
Constitution, not only in every State, but in every
Territory within the limits of the Republic; de-
mands an acquiescence in and support of the legally
constituted authorities chosen by the people against
any and all combinations of men who may attempt
to subvert or destroy the Government because
they cannot longer control and dictate its policy.
The people of the United States will ask, the
nations of Europe will ask, what has been done
in this country to justify revolution and the at-
tempted destruction of tne national Government?
Where are the usurpations, the acts of oppres-
sion, which have been committed either by the
Federal Government or any one or more of the
northern State governments against any of the
southern States, or the citizens of any southern
State, that will excuse, much less justify, revolu-
tion? Certainly there are no acts of the General
Government of which the southern people may
justly complain. The President says, in his
message, that during his term of office, the laws
have been faithfully executed; and in order that
the southern slave owners may be doubly assured
that he has been looking after and guarding their
special interest, he declares that "the fugitive
slave law has been carried into execution inevery
contested case since the commencement of the
present Administration."
SenaforDouoLAs, m his letter to the merchants
of New Orleans, on the 13th of November last,
says:
£kI have yet to learn that the people of the South com-
plain of the acts now on the statute-book upon the subject
of slavejv, as applied to the States or Tcrntoues or the
District of Columbia."
Of no action of the national Government up to
this date, either in rofusmgtopass such laws as the
slave owners have demanded, or execu ting them as
they have ordered, can the South justly complain;
because they have controlled, until within a few
days, the Government, and filled all its offices with
men who have done their bidding, even to con-
spiring with those who are attempting to over-
throw the Government,
What, then, is the cause of this " crisis," as it
is callcd? I confess, Mr. Chairman, that I have
seen no adequate cauie for it, and therefore voted
against the unusual course adopted by the House
in referring that part of the President's message
treating of what is termed "our domestic affairs "
to a special committee of thirty-three. If there
had been any serious alarm, whether with or
without cause, among the great body of sober-
thinking men in the South; if they really believed
that their rights were to be invaded because of
Mr. Lincoln's election; I say if there were those
who were really alarmed, I was unwilling to add
to that alarm by adopting an unusual course in
creating an extraordinary committee, and thus
give aid and encouragement to the conspirators in
stirring up political animosities, for the sole pur-
pose of precipitating the country into a revolution
unless tne North ag&in surrendered, as they uni-
formly had done before under such menaces, and
on such terms as it might please the conspirators
graciously to dictate. I believed that such a com-
mittee would not only do no good—as the sequel
has proven—but that by creating it we would
tacitly admit that there was some necessity for it.
It appeared to me like pleading " guilty" to the
indictment of the President, which I could not
do, knowing it to be false. For these reasons I
voted against raising this committee.
But I am told that we arc in the midst of a
"crisis," a " revolutionary crisis," and such a
one as we have never before passed tl^ough; and
I must yield to the minority, compromise away
the rights of millions of freemen, or the Union is
forever dismembered and destroyed. I admit,
sir, that the conspirators have been able, with the
aid and connivance of the traitors connected with
the Government, to get up a formidable looking
" crisis;" and 1 can assure you, sir, that, had the
people of this country known what has been going
on here in this capital, for the past four years, in
nearly every department of tl^e Government, there
would have beeirsuch an expression by them at
the ballot-boxes, in condemnation of the party in
power, as would not only have silenced the allies
of southern disunionists from the North, but
have nipped in the bud this " revolutionary cri-
sis." Hut we have passed through several "crises''
before. It appears to be a chronic disease in
American politics. It must be conceded, how-
ever, that heretofore, in their desperate efforts to
get up a " cusis," the conspirators have never
set their stakes quite so high, nor permitted their
treason to appear so undisguised. In 1820, and
in J833, in 1850, and again in 3854, we had
" crises" not dissimilar to the present one; and
they were gotten up to order by the same class
of men who have succeeded so well in getting up
the present one. These are thn same men who,
with calculating coolness, disrupted the Charles-
ton-Baltimore convention, and divided the party
which, for nearly twenty-five years, they had
implicitly governed. They did not hesitate to
declare openly that they did so because the
friends of Mr. Douglas in the free States would
not yield to their"impcrious demands. I have no
doubt, however, thata large majority of the south-
ern men, in their conventions, never intended to
go so far as they have since gone. They ex-
pected the friends of Mr. Douglas to surrender,
as they now expect twenty-five million people to
surrender to the demands of a few thousand men,
who are asking new guarantees for slaveiy.
But revolutions seldom go backward; and this
one is fast getting beyond the control of its au-
thors. Undoubtedly, a largo majority of these
men only intended to play the old and oft-repeated
game by which, heretofore, they had always been
successful; which has been, first, to create a panic
in all the slavfc States, by the most unfounded
statements and inflammatory appeals; and when
the "crisis" had reached the culminating point,
boldly Uneaten the disruption and destruction of
j the Government, unless new concessions were
I made by the North; and the concession they were
j to demand this time as a condition for remaining
j in the Union was, not a now compromise that
might be repealed, as they had repealed the old
Missouri compromise; but a so-called compro-
mise that should, indeed, this time, be a "fi.yal-
ity," by making slavery constitutional and per-
petual.
This play, however, has had its run. The peo-
ple of the free States have seen behind the curtain,
and begin to comprehend the manner in which
these periodical crises are gotten up. They have
not forgotten the manufactured crisis of 1850—
nor forgiven the northern men who pretended that
that sham was a reality. They have not forgot-
ten that many of their faithless Representatives
surrendered the rights and interest and honor of
the North, at the bidding of a few slave-masters.
And why did these northern Representatives then
surrender? To save the Union, they answer.
Southern men threatened then, as now, the .dis-
solution of the Union and the destruction of the
Government, unless their demands were complied
with. And to save any trouble, these accommo-
dating Representatives, at the bidding of a few
southern men, yielded.
Did that " finality," as it was called, settle
thequestion? Not at all. Hardly had these pre-
tended northern patriots time to take a breathing
spell, (in the retirement from the cares of public
life which the people immediately permitted most
of them to enjoy,) before it was broken up by the
new and " final adjustment" of 1854. Upon what
pretext was this dfemand for a compromise, that
should be "final," made in 1850? The pretext
of equality in the Territories. The freemen of
California—as they had the right to do—had made
California a free State. This was a mortal of-
fense to the slave interest; because, by this action
of the miners of California, the slave propagand ists
lost the golden prize upon which they had set
their hearts, and for which they had involved this
nation in an unconstitutional war. And because
of the action of the free laboring men ofCalifornia,
in prohibiting slavery in that State, these then
would not admit her into the Union, unless all the
remaining territory wrested from Mexico should
be given up to slavery.
Sir, when the impartial historian comes to write
the history of the compromise schemes of 1850,
and the war made by t^e act of the Executive of
this powerful nation against the weak Republic
of Mexico, for the sole purpose of extending the
institution of slavery over the free and virgin soil
of Utah, New Mexico, and California, he will be
compelled to class these acts as among the dark-
est crimes of which this nation was ever guilty;
and the compromises from the free States as
morally guiltier than those who precipitated us
into that Unjust war.
When th<a old Whig party-authoritatively in-
dorsed, in their national convention, these com-
promise measures, its death was inevitable. This
old party, so formidable and manly when the ally
of freedom, immediately became weak, sickly,
and powerless, when it became the ally of slavery,
and died—died as the so-called Democratic party
had just died, because also false to freedom; and
as the Republican party will die, and as it oughtto
die, if it ever agrees to ingraft into the Constitution
a clause recognizing propei ty in man. If it should
do this thing, nothing can or ought to save it;
neither the talents of its most distinguished lead-
ers, their prospective promotion, or the distribu-
tion of the patronage of the Federal Government.
If^all these combined could have saved any party,
the Whig party could have been saved. But they
could not, And as I now look back, over the long
list of names which once made that party illustri-
ous in the history of my country, I feel almost
staitled at the thought, that men so great, so ven-
erated by the people of the United States, could,
by the allurements and blandishments of the slave
power, have been so far overcome as to betray the
cherished principles of their lives, and the hopes
of the people who intrusted them with power.
But such was the fate of most of the leaders of (he
organization of which I am speaking. One after
another deserted, until, at last, the eyes of the na-
tion were fixed upon one, whose unsurpassed abil-
ity and great name had, in almost every crisis
through which the country had passed, been the
hope and reliance of the liberty-loving masses.
And when, alas! he too fell, a black pall, as of
midnight darkness, spread over the political hori-
zon, and many earnest and true men gave up in
despair.
It may be, sir, that, with others, I have placed
too great an estimate upon this extraordinary
man, who has done so much as a statesman and
oratortogive our country fame and position among
the nations of the earth; who has done so much
for freedom; and so much, alas' for slavery;
