1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
647
aker, I believe, to/
business-, andthep' j
s. It is very uii- j
j objections.* /
v
time. The Chair would state that the morning
hour is now running.
Mr. COLFAX. Jf the morning' hour is run-
ning, I must enter my protest against everything
but the regular order of business. I have not
heretofore objected; but I cannot consent that the
'morning hour shall be occupied in this way.
The SPEAKER. Is there any objection to
the consideration of the bill of the gentleman from
Virginia?
Mr. SHERMAN. I think we ought to settle
this matter. Immediately after the Journal is
read, it is the duty of the Speaker, I believe, to
announce the regular order of business-, and they.'
the morning hour commences
pleasant to have to make these
POST ROUTE BILL
The House then proceeded to the consideration
of the regular order of business, being the consid-
eration of the amendments of the Senate to the
post i outc bilL 51
The SPEAKER stated the pending question to
be on the amendment offered yesterday, by Mr.
Phelps, to the twentieth section of the Senate
amendment.
Mr. PHELPS. 1 have availed myself of my
right, under the rub, to modify my amendment
in some particulars I therefore desire that it be
read.
The Clerk read the amendment as modified,
as follows:
After the word " year," in line five of section twenty of
Xlle Senate amendments, strike out the words " leserving
to the Government the piivilege of annulling the contraet
after the commencement ottlie oveiland seivice upon sixty
days' notice," and insert, " which Ml alt terminate on the
tirst day of August next; hut if the mail seivicc in the last
preceding section shall not commence on the day above
named, then said contiact shall be annulled, and the Post-
master General may then piovide for the continuance of
said steamship service lor another year."
Mr. PHELPS. I will state the object of the
amendment. The House has already decided to
provide for the establishment of a daily overland
mail to the Pacific ocean. It is expected that the
service will commence by the 1st of July next.
My amendment provides that the service may
commence by the 1st of August; and that if it
does not commence at that time, whatever con-
tract the Postmaster General may have entered
into, shall be annulled by reason of the failure of
the contractors to enter on the service at thaWime.
I have also provided in the amendment that I sub-
mit, that the present mail steamship service from
New York to San Francisco shall be continued
until the 1st of August next; and in the event the
daily mail service shall not commence on the 1st
of August next, then, the contract being annulled,
the Postmaster General shall have the right to ex-
tend his contract for twelve months with the mail
steamship company for the performance of this
■ocean service.
Tn connection with this matter, I desire to make
an inquiry of the chairman of the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads, upon another
branch of this subject. There are many interior
post routes provided for in this bill, besides the
overland mail routes. I desire to be informed by
'.he gentleman from Indiana, if he can give me the
information, what is the estimate cost of the ser-.
/ice to be performed upon the new routes pro-
posed to bo established?
Mr. COLFAX. I admire the pertinacity with
which the gentleman from Missouri fights this
entire bill; although my rule always is, when out-
voted, to give in as gracefully as possible. He asks
me a question in regard to the interior post routes
that have been put into this bill at the request of
members all over the country. I do not knoxv
what they will cost. I know that they cannot be
put in operation until Congress sees fit t<5 appro-
priate money for them; but I take pleasure in tell-
ing the gentleman that the most costly of the in-
terior mail routes are those which have been put
into the bill by the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads at his request.
Mr. PHELPS. I am much obliged to the gen-
tleman for that information; for those routes are
principally in my own State, with one exception,
which extends to a Territory. But the gentleman
is not very well posted as to the cost of the mail
service of the country, when he declares that the
cost of the mail service in Missouri pro rata ex-
ceeds that of the other States of the Confedeiacy;
on the contrary, it is less.
The object of my inquiry was to ascertain the
probable expend ituie which will be incurred under
this bill. I should dislike very much to see no
service put by the Postmaster General upon post
routes which are important and necessary, where
the country is now inhabited, in order that this
overland mail service may be established from the
frontier States to the Pacific. Such a state of
things may exist that, in the anxiety of the Post-
master General to carry out the principles of the
Chicago platform, he maybe willing to establish
a daily overland mail route at the expense of
$800,000; and that, in consequence, he will not
be able to establish the inland routes now re-
quired.
Mr. COLFAX. Mr. Speaker, a large portion
of the remarks of my friend from Missouri were
not very germane to his amendment, which is in
regard to the steamship service. I can only say
what lie knows, that the routes put in the last
post route bill, passed in 1858, were not put into
operation till 1860. The routes in this bill can-
not be put into operation until Congress appro-
priates for them. We peifoim our duty in estab-
lishing routes. Subsequently, on ascertaining
the cost of the service froni the Postmaster Gen-
eral, Congress may make appropriations to put
service upon them. One word now in relation
to the amendment offered by the gentleman from
Missouri, to which, however, his speech did not
relate. We provide in the section, that the Post-
master General shall be authorized to provide
temporary steamship service, at a cost not ex-
ceeding $350,000, xvhich is to be stopped after
sixty days' notice, upon the commencement of
the overland mail contract. The gentleman did
not yesterday quote that section exactly. We
say that the daily overland mail service shall com-
mence on the 1st of July, "oras soon thereafter as
possible." If the gentleman from Missouri would
be consistent with the argument which he made
yesterday, the latest moment at which this daily
overland service should go into operation, even as
late as October, would be acceptable to him, be-
cause that would effect a saving to the Govern-
ment. He ought to endeavor to let the overland
mail service go into operation at as late a day as
possible. The gentleman's amendmentof to-day
is right in the teeth of his argument of yesterday.
This explanation is, I think, sufficient. With it
I move the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
mam question oidered.
The question was first taken on Mr. Phelps's
amendment to the amendment; and it xvas not
agreed to.
The question recurred on the Senate amend-
ment, as amended; and it xvas concurred in
Mr. COLFAX moved to reconsider the vote,
by which the amendment xvas concurred in; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
DEFICIENCY BILL.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am directed by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means to report back the
aet to supply deficiencies in the appropriations
for the service of the fiscal year ending June 30,
]o61, with the Senate amendments thereto, and
to ask that it be printed, and postponed till to-
morrow.
It xvas so ordered.
POST ROUTE BILL—AGAIN.
The House again resumed the consideration of
the post route bill; the question being on the fol-
lowing Senate amendment:
Add the following as an additional section:
Sec. 21. Jind he it further cnactcd, That the Postmaster
Geneial bo, and he is hereby, authorized and directed to
provide for the eonvoyancc of the entire United States mail
weekly from St. Paul, Minnesota, via St. Cloud, and from
Superior, Wisconsin, via Crow Wing, to the Dalle", in
Oregon, with a branch to Seattle, on Paget Sound, with the
usual preemption right, not to exceed one quaiter section
of land for<-ach station, pumded that this grant of pre-
emption shall not extend beyond six years from the pas-
sage of this act, and said preemption shall not exceed one
quarter section lor each twenty miles of said route: P>o-
vuled, That service can be obtained at an annual cost not
exceeding $*300,000, and the tup to be performed in twenty
days; the service to e.xpne on the 1st day of July, 1866.
Mr. COLFAX. With the most earnest desire
on the part of the committee to accommodate our
friends in Minnesota and on the Pacific coast,
yet in the present condition of the Treasury, I
am instructed by the committee to recommend
lion-concurrence in the amendment.
Mr. STEVENS, of Washington. I have been
aware, Mr. Speaker, that that would be the re-
port of the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads; but 1 would still urge 011 the House the
importance of making this appropriation and of
establishing this route. Those who are in favor of
the route have not objected to improving the car-
rying of the mails on the central route; although
that measure had much opposition in consequence
of there being an existing route—to wit, the But-
terfield route. It seems to me that the idea of
providing mail service for the north of our coun-
try, from Lake Superior to the western terminus
proposed in this section, by a road running four
hundred miles south, is not equal to the magni-
tude of the subject; nor does it show a proper
appreciation of our growing interests in that quar-
ter. But, Mr. Speaker, granted that we have no
northern mail route; granted that the effort is
made to supply Oregon and Washington, and the
country eastward to Nebraska by the ccntral
route. I find that, by that route, it will require
some twenty-nine or thirty days to reach Puget
Sound; while, by the northern route proposed in
this section, it will require but from twenty to
twenty-six days. To supply the northern por-
tion of Oregon, by the central route, it will re-
quire twenty-seven days; by the northern route
from twenty-one to twenty-seven days. Take
the large and nourishing settlements of the inte-
rior of Washington Territory. By the ccntral
route it will require thirty-nine days; while, by
the northern route, it would but require twenty
days to supply Colville. The territory on the
Walla-Walla—the center of army operations of
the department of Oregon—would require by the
central route thirty-four days, and by the north-
ern route eighteen days.
But I call the attention of the House to another
fact. When the mail matter exceeds one thou-
sand poundsin weight, thirty-five days is allowed
by the central route, whereas by this section, all
the mail matter is required to be carried through
in twenty days; so that we could get mail matter
to the several points of Washington and northern
Oregon mentioned, from fifteen to thirty days
quicker by the northern than by the central route.
I call the attention of the House also to the
fact, that 011 this northern route we have large
publicinterests—interestsconnectcd with the man-
agement of the Indian tribes, interests connected
with the scrvice of the troops. We have along
this routel arge military posts. There are posts
011 the Red River of the North, at Colville, and
the Walla-Walla. There are. several Indian res-
ervations in the interior, in the immediate vicinity
of the route, besides many settlements. If, there-
fore, you give the communications required to
carry on the public service, this northern mail
icute is of the greatest consequence.
But I call the attention of the House to another
consideration. By the northern route, mails can
be sent to Colville in twenty days, while by the
central route it requires thirty-nine days. Col-
ville is the great center of northern Washington,
connected with the growing regions of British
Columbia. It is a point whence men and sup-
plies for British Columbia are sent, and is a nat-
ural center of its trade and commerce. By the
northern overland mail route, reaching to Puget
Sound, connection is made with Vancouver's Isl-
and; and this is an additional reason, showing
the importance of the northern overland mail
route.
I will briefly advert to another consideration.
We who are living on that route feel that we can
appeal with confidence to Congress for its estab-
lishment as a measure simply of justice to us.
Everyone is perfectly well aware of the influence
of overland mail routes in the way of developing
the resources and extending the settlements of the
country. On that idea, in part, these routes are
supported and advocated m Congress. The refu-
sal, to the northern portion of the country, of a
mail line, is not only a refusal to assist us in the
development of our region of country, but is ab-
solutely an injury and oppression. The granting
the northern overland mail route will lead to em-
igration from the Lakes to Puget Sound, and will
tend to develop the whole intermediate region.
Deny us this route, and emigration will be diverted
to the central route, tending to the development of
