APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 17,
36th Cong....2d
The Union of the States—Mr. Ashley.
Ho. of Reps.
any State on imports or exports shall be for the use of the
Treasury of the United States % and ail such laws shall be
subject to the revision and control of Congress."
Clause three:
" No State shall, without the consent of Congress, lay a
duty on tonnage, keep troops or ships-of-war in time of
peace, enter into any agreement or compact with another
State, or with a foreign Power, or engage in war, unless
actually invaded, or in such imminent danger as will not
admit of delay."
TKese powers prohibited to the States were con-
ferred by the supreme Constitution on the Gen-
eral Government. The highest attributes of sov-
ereignty are thus secured by this Constitution.
Congress alone has power to make war and make
peace, to conclude treaties and to regulate com-
merce with the nations abroad and with the States
of the Union at home. Congress alone possesses
the exclusive power to keep an Army and Navy,
ttffrlay and collect duties on imports, coin money
and regulate its value; and, to crown all, it is
declared that—
"This Constitution, and the laws of the United States
which shall be made in pursuance thereof, and all treaties
made, or which shall be made, under the authority of the
United States, shall he the supreme law of the land; and
the judges in every State shall be bound thereby, anything
in the constitution or laws of any State to the contrary not-
withstanding."
There is, then, no necessity for a conflict of
jurisdiction between the General and State gov-
ernments. To the extent of the powers conferred
by the Constitution on Congress, it was intended
that the General Government should act directly
upon the citizens of all the States and Territories,
and execute i&o.wn laws and decrees by its own
officers. To the States are secured the regulation
of their own municipal affairs, with which Con-
gress can in no way constitutionally interfere.
The powers and duties of both governments
arc clearly defined, and neither may of right in-
terfere with, or attempt to exercise the functions
of the other. Where the citizens and officers of
these governments discharge their duties prop-
erly, there can be no collision. These systems
of government are, in my opinion, the best ever
devised by man.
The history of this nation, for the past seven-
ty-three years is thfe best evidence of its practi-
cability. Tiicy have, and ever will, work har-
moniously, if honestly administered. The people
residing in the thirteen colonics created this na-
tional Government by making and adopting our
present Constitution. They did not make it and
ratify it as nations make and ratify treaties. They
did not make it for a temporary purpose, but to
secure a tkperpetual Union." It was made by
the action and with the approval of the whole
people residing in all the colonies, and was not
made by the citizens of independent sovereignties,
as the secessionists claim. Neither before nor after
the declaration of our national independence was
any one of the old thirteen colonies free and inde-
pendentStates or nations; but they werecolomes
of Great Britain; then they were colonies united as
one government, under the Articles of Confedera-
tion, in rebellion against Great Britain, calling
themselves the "United States of America." The
war of our independence was fought and our
liberty secured by the Confederation, and not by
single colonies. Their joint independence was
acknowledge^ by Gieat Butain and the nations
of Europe,and never as separate sovereign inde-
pendent Slates. The several States are not even
mentioned by name in any one nf these treaties,
so far as 1 have examined. Ourfathers intended,
in every possible manner, to impress upon the
American mind the maxim, that our freedom a^d
independence was secured by our union; and that,
without this union, we could not maintain our
liberty and independence.
From all the patriotic men of the Revolution,
there oomes to us a warning to beware of the
dangers of a dissolution of the Union. In a let-
ter of the date of October 10, 1787, addressed
by Randolph to the Speaker of the House of Del-
egates of Virginia, he said:
" Severe experience under the pressure of war, a ruinous
weakness manifested since the retui n ot peace, and the con-
templation of those dangers which daiken the future pros-
pect, liavecondemned the hope of grandeur and ofsatety un-
der the auspices of the Confederation." * * * *
14 Among the upright and intelligent, lew can read without
emotion the future fate of the States if severed from eacli
other. Then shall we learn the full weight of foreign in-
trigue. Then shall we heai of partitions of the country."
* * •* * " But dreadful as the total dissolution
of the Union is to my mind, 1 entertain no less iiorror at
the thought of partial confederacies. In shoit, sir, I am fa-
tigued with summoning up to my imagination the miseries
which will harrass the United States if torn from each
other, and which will not end until they are superseded by
fresh mischiefs, undei the yoke of a tyrant."
To the same effort are the declarations of Wash-
ington, Jefferson, Madison, Monroe, and many
others, whose opinions might be quoted, did time
permit.
At no period in our history, either before or
since the Revolution, has any one of the States
been a separate, sovereign, independent nation,
with the recognized power to make war and con-
clude treaties, or form or dissolve alliances with
any nation. The principle of national unity is
the very life and soul of our Constitution. With-
out it, our great national charter is not worth the
paper upon which it was written.
in a letter addressed, by the unanimous vote of
the convention which framed the Constitution,
to " his excellency the President of Congress,"
it is declared that—
" It is obviously impracticable in the Federal Govern-
ment of these States to secure all rights of independent
sovereignty to each, and yet provide for the interest and
safetyotall." * * * * " In all our deliber-
ations on this subject, we kept steadily in our view that
which appears to us the greatest interest of every true Amer-
ican, the consolidation oj our Union, in which is involved
our prosperity, felicity, safety, perhaps our national exist-
ence."—Elliot's Debates, vol. 1, p. 24.
The thirteen colonies, as I have 'before said,
were united under the Confederation at the time
the present Constitution was adopted, and the old
Continental Congress, representing the people in
all the States, initiated the movements for the
new government, by calling together the conven-
tion of delegates which made this Constitution,
declaring by resolutions, when they did so, that
the convention was called ''for the sole and only
purpose of making the Federal Government ade-
quate to the exigencies of government, and the
preservation of the Union." And this constitu-
tional convention, when submitting their joint
labors to the judgment of their constituents, de-
clared in the preamble to the Constitution, that—
" We, the people of the United States, in okdfrto form
a more i'eim:cT union, establish justice, insure domestic
tranquillity, provide tor the common defense, pi mote the
general weliare, and secure the blessing* of liberty to our-
selves and our posterity, do oidain and establish tins Con-
stitution lor tiie United States of America."
Says General Jackson:
" Can it be conceived, that an instrument made for the
purpose of6 forming a more perfect Union' than that of the
Contederation could be so constructed by the assembled
wisdom oi our country as to substitute for that Confedera-
tion a form of Government dependent for its existence on
the local interest, the party spirit of a State, or oi a prevail-
ing taction in a State?"
Mr. Paterson, of New Jersey, a distinguished
member of the convention which framed the Con-
stitution, declared " that no State under the Con-
federation had a right to withdraw from the Union
without the consent of all." He says:
"The confederation is in the nature of a compact; and
can any State, unless by the consent of the whole, cither
in politics or law, withdiaw their powers? Let it he said
by Pennsylvania and the other large States, that they, for
the sake of peace, a^ented to the (.'onfedeiation; can she
now resume her original right without the consent of the
donee f"
This modern doctrine of the right of a State to
withdraw from the Union at pleasure, is a "her-
esy" which was denounced by all the, leading
men of the Revolution. If one State can withdraw
from the Union at pleasure, may not a majority
of the States with the same propriety exclude one
or more States from the Union ? Certainly they
can. But there is no such right under the Con-
stitution, and the framersof the Constitution care-
fully guarded against any such absurd theory.
Says Judge Story:
" It is only in the event of a failure of every constitu-
tional resort, and an accumulation of usurpations and
abuses, rendering passive obedience and non-resistance a
greater evil than resistance and lovolution, that even Mad-
ison claims, for ' a single member ot the Union,' a 4 right,
as an extra and ultra constitutional right,' to make the
appeal ftom the canceled obligations of the constitutional
compact to original rights and the laws of self-preserva-
tion."—1 Story on Constitution, p. 2d0.
Chief Justice Marshall, in the case of Cohens
vs. Virginia, (5 Wheaton, p. 92,) said:
" The people made the Constitution, and the people can
unmake it. It is the creature of thow will, and Uvea only
by their will. But thissupremeirresistible power to make
and unmake resides only in the whole body of the people;
not in any subdivision of them. The attempt of any of the
parts to exercise it is usurpation, and ought to he repelled
by those to whom the people have delegated this power of
repelling it. The acknowledged inability of the Govern-
ment, then, to sustain itself against the public will, and,
by force or otherwise, to control the whole nation, is no
sound argument in support of its constitutional inability to
preserve itself against a section of the nation acting in
opposition to the general will."
Nowhere did the framers of the Constitution
provide for a dissolution of the Union. Neither
did the people, in any one of the colonies, when
adopting the Constitution, reserve to themselves
the right to withdraw from the Union at pleasure,
and thus destroy the Government they were organ-
izing and the Union it created. The citizens in
two or three of the colonies, it is true, before rat-
ifying the Constitution,did discuss the prefpriety
of reserving the right to withdraw from the Union
at pleasure, but no such right was conceded; and
from the necessity of the case, could not be ad-
mitted then, any more than it can be now.
Alexander Hamilton, in a letter to James Mad-
ison, suggested the propriety of New York rati-
fying the Constitution with " the reservation of a
right to secede," if certain amendments to the
Constitution, proposed by New York, were not
adopted within a given period Mr. Madison
replied, declaringexplicity, that the Constitution
required an " adoption in toto and forever"It
has," he adds, "been so adoptedbythe other Stales.'9
But I will read the whole paragraph:
"My opinion is, that a reservation of a right to withdraw
if amendments be not decided on under the form of the
Constitution, vvitlun a ceitain time, is a conditional ratifi-
cation, that it does not make New York a member of the
new Union, and consequently she should not be received
on that plan. Compacts must be recipioeul; this principle
in such case would not bepicserved. The Constitution re-
quires an adoption in toto and forevkr. It has been so
adopted by the other States. An adoption for a limited
time would be as defective as an adoption of some of the
articles only". In short, any condition vvhatevei must vitiate
the ratification." * * * * "The idea of reserv-
ing the right to withdraw was stated at Richmond and con-
sidered as a conditional ratification, which was itself aban-
doned—worse than a rejection."
At a later day, (1830,) Mr. Madison declared,
in a letter to Hon. Edward Everett, that—
" it [the Constitution] wasformednot hy the governments
of the component States, as the Federal Government for
which it was substituted was lormcd ; nor was it formed by
a majoiityof the people of the United States, as a single
community, in the manner of a consolidated government.
It was founcd by the States—that is, by the people in eacli
of the Status, acting in their highest sovereign capacity,
and formed, consequently, by the same authority which
formed the State constitutions.
u Being thus derived from the same source as the consti-
tutions of the States, it has within each State the same
authority as the constitution of the State, and is as much
a constitution, in the strict sense of the term, within its
prescribed sphere, as the constitutions of the States are m
their respective spheres, but with this obvious and essential
difference, that being a compact among States in their
highest sovereign capacity, and constituting tiie people
thereof one people for certain purpose*, it cannot be altered
or annulled at the will of the States individually, as the con-
stitution of a State may be at its individual will."
Thus spoke Madison, the father of the Consti- ,
tution.
I now make a quotation from Jefferson. In a
letter written more than forty-five years ago, lie
said:
" In every free and deliberating society, there must, from
tiie nature of man, be opposite parties and violent dissen-
sions and discords; and one of these, toi the most part,
must prevail over the others lor a longer or a shorter time.
Peihaps this party division is necessary to inducc each to
xvateh and relate to the people the proceedings of the other.
But if, on atemporary superiority of the one -party, the other
is to resort to a scission of the Union, no Federal Govern-
ment can ever exist. It to rid ourselves of the piesent rule
of Massachusetts and Connecticut we break the Union,
will the evil stop there ? Suppose the New England States
alone cut off: will our natures be changed ? Aie we not
men still to the south of that, and with all the passions of
men? Immediately we shall see a Virginia and a Penn-
sylvania party arise in the residuary confedciacy, and the
public mind will be distracted by the same party spirit.
What a game, too, will one party have in their hands, by
eternally threatening the other, that unless they do so and
so they will join their northern neighbois? If we reduce
our Union to Virginia and North Carolina, immediately the
conflict will be established between the Representatives of
these two States, and they will end by breaking into their
simple units."
These and similar opinions of the leading men
who put the machinery of our Government in
motion might be quoted, if time permitted, almost
indefinitely. In fact, the whole history of the
times proves that the men who made the Consti-
