1861.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
56th Cong....2d Sess.
The Union of the States—Mr. Ashley.
Ho. gb Reps. .
tution and favored its ratification intended to make
a Government for the people in all the States
•which should be strong enough to withstand all
attacks, and which could not be broken up or
divided, except by the consent of the whole people.
Mr. Chairman, article four, section four, of the
Constitution, declares that the "United States
shall guaianty to every State in the Union a .re-
publican form of government." This includes,
of course, all the States in the Union when the
Constitution was adopted, and all new States
which should afterwards be admitted into the
Union. These words are not susceptible of double
interpretation. They can have but one mean-
ing. They declare imperatively that the legisla-
tive, executive, and judicial powers of the Gov-
ernment, acting under and by authority of the
national Constitution, shall see that every State
in the Union has secured to it a republican form
of government. This provision of itself is a clear
denial of the claim set up here that every State
is sovereign and independent, and that the Fed-
eral Government is only a confederation clothed
by these sovereign and independent States with
temporary authority which can be withdrawn at
the pleasure, caprice, or whim of an accidental or
absolute majority of the citizens of any State.
General Jackson declared, in his celebrated proc-
lamation, " that to say that any State may at
pleasure secede from the Union, is to say that the
United States are not a nation." This claim of
the right of any State to withdraw from theUnion
at pleasure, is so absurd that it would seem un-
worthy of serious consideration, were it not for
the fact that the doctrine is daily proclaimed here,
with some show of seriousness, and, I regret to
say, by some northern men.
Mr. Chairman, the people of the United States,
in creating this national Government, intended to
protect themselves from every form of despotism.
They intended to secure themselves against the
actions of State governments, which, in an excite-
ment like the present, might attempt to establish a
despotic government, abolish liberty, and violate
the guarantied rights of any portion of their cit-
izens. And in order thus to secure themselves,
they provided ill the national Constitution for a
redress for theirgrievances, by appealing from the
unconstitutional action of such a State, to the
whole people, in all the States, represented in one
Government. The national Government, by this
mandatory clause, becomes the protector of the
whole people, in all the States, against the viola-
tion of their personal rights and liberties, even
though committed by legislative majorities; and
the General Government is clothed with all neces-
sary power and authority to preserve inviolate the
guarantees secured to all citizens by the Federal
Constitution. This was a wise and salutary pro-
vision, enabling an oppressed minority in any
locality to secure the assistance and protection of
the whole people against every form of despotism.
As a nation, the law of self-preservation de-
mands that we permit no State, or combination
of States, to bleak up and destroy this Govern-
ment, and establish upon our borders anti-demo-
cratic, monarchical, or military despotisms. As
a Government, we can no more allow this to be
done than a State can allow one or more counties
within its jurisdiction to dissolve their connection
at pleasure with the State government, and estab-
lish a government hostile to the State. The fact
that the citizens of these counties might vote unan-
imously for secession would not justify the citi-
zens in the remaining counties of the State in
permitting the State thus to be dismembered, any
more than the Government of the United States
could permit a State to be withdrawn, even though
the citizens of the seceding State should vote unan-
imously in favor of the proposition. Neither could
we permit States in the Union to change their
governments, and adopt governments anti-repub-
lican in form, much less to establish monarchical
or military despotisms in violation of the funda-
mental provisions of the national Constitution .
Chief Justice Taney, in the case of Luther
vs. Borden el al., (8 Howard, page 45,) a case
glowing out of the Dorr rebellion in Rhode Isl-
and, and to which I may again allude, declared
that—
" XTaqiiestionably, a military government, established as
the permanent government ot a ritate. wouid not be a re-
New Series—No. 5.
publican government, and it would be the duty of Congress
to overthrow it."
If it be the duty of Congress, as Chief Justice
Taney declares, and as I believe, to overthrow a
military government, established by the legal au-
thorities of any State, it cannot be denied that it
is also the duty of Congress to overthrow and
abolish any form of government in a State which
is in fact anti-republican and oppressive, no mat-
! ter whether established by the legally constituted
authorities or by usurpation. The power of the
Federal Government to prohibit any State from
establishing an anti-republican form of govern-
ment is as clear and unquestioned as is its author-
ity to prohibit any State from setting the national
Constitution at defiance, and assuming the power
of an independent nation.
The mode and manner of procedure in either
case is committed entirely to the discretion of
Congress, as provided in section eight, clause
eighteen of the Constitution, which authorizes
Congress—
"To make all laws which shall be necc^sary and proper
to carry into execution the foregoing powers. and all oilier
powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of
the United States, or in any depaitment or officer thereof."
In the Rhode Island case, to which I have allud-
ed, there was, I believe, an admitted majority of
the people of the State who desired to change from
the charter government of Charles II, granted in
1663, under which the State had always acted, to
a constitutional Government, which should ex-
tend the right of suffrage, and fairly adjust the
inequality in the apportionment of Representa-
tives in the State Legislature. The charter pointed
out no mode of procedure by which amendments
could be made; and the charter party, by the un-
fair apportionment and the property qualification
for electors, were able to keep possession of the
Government; and on a pretense of want of power
to propose any amendments to the charter, they
repeatedly refused to initiate proceedings on ap-
plication of the people for a change of the organic
law from the old monarchical charter to a repub-
lican constitution. The people failing to obtain
a redress of grievances ftom the recognized au-
thorities, proceeded to secure them in a revolu-
tionary manner. They formed associations, held
public meetings, prescribed rules for the election
of a convention of delegates to form a State con-
stitution , in accordance with which delegates were
elected throughouttlie State, who met, fiamed an
excellent constitution, and submitted it to the peo-
ple for adoption or rejection. A vote was taken
upon it,at the time and in the manner prescribed
by the convention; and it was adopted and rati-
fied by a large majority of the people. Elections
were subsequently held in accordance with the
provisions of this constitution; and Thomas W.
Dorr was duly elected Governor, together with a
Legislature and all State officers provided for in
the constitution. This Legislature convened and
organized; Dorr was inaugurati d Governor, ond
attempted to take possession of the arsenals and
public property of the State. The cluuter gov-
ernment icsisted the people's government, pro-
claimed martial law by act of their Legislature,
and called on the President of the United States
for military aid to assist in putting down the re-
bellion. As soon as Dorr and his parly learned
that the President had decided to assist the char-
ter government, he fled from the State; and thus
ended the so-eallcd Dorr rebellion, and with it
their government. Of course, I need Iuudlyadd
what all know so well, that Dorr was subsequently
tried for treason, convicted, and sent to the pen-
itentiary for life. I do not speak of the justice or
injustice of the charter government, I only speak
of the fact.
I have been thus minute in this matter to show
that if an admitted minonty of the citizens of any
State may thus have the assistance of the Federal
Government against an admitted majoiity who
were seeking in a peaceful and, as they supposed,
the only manner in which they could proeced to
secure their own rights, without inflicting or in-
tending to inflict injury or wrong on the minority,
or establish a government hostile to the United
States, how much more important thata minority
' of the citizens of any State, who are loyal to the
Union, shall be protected in their constitutional
rights, even though a large majority, through the
forms of law, attempt to destroy their liberties*
make war upon the national Government, and
establish a despotic instead of a republican fctrm
of government!
Mr. Chairman, I have introduced the subject-
matter of the Rhode Island controversy here, for
the double purpose of showing the power con-
ferred on the Federal Government by the national
Constitution, and the duty of the Government in
contingencies thatnowseem likely to happen. Sup-
pose five or ten, or even all the slave States should,
with the sanction of a majority of their citizens,
and under the forms of law enacted by their pres-
ent recognized authorities, join South Carolina iu
her treasonable movements. What would be the
duty of the General Government towards the pa-
triotic and loyal minority in these States? Un-
doubtedly there can be but one answer to this
question. It is their duty to protect and secure
them in the enjoyment of all their constitutional
rights, and by force, if necessary. And though
the loyal citizens should be largely in the minor-
ity, if they remain faithful to the Constitution and
the Union, they may and should disregard, the
action and usurpations of a majority, refus.e to
recognize their treasonable proceedings, either ill
declaiing the States sovereign and independent,
changing the State constitutions, or by acts of
their conventions absolving all citizens from their
allegiance to the national. Government. Those
who remain loyal and refuse to re,cognize such
revolutionary proceedings, may continue to act
under the old constitution and laws of the State,
as if no such treasonable action had taken place,
elect their Governor, State officers, and members
of the Legislature and Congress, at the time and
in the manner prescribed by the laws existing
prior to the usurpation. The Governors thus
elected should call upon the President of the Uni-
ted States for aid to suppress the rebellion, and it
would be his duty to grant it. There is no doubt
but what Congress would recognize such a gov-
ernment. The Legislature thus elected could
choose United States Senators to fill any vacan-
cies that might exist either from the expiration of
the terms of the present Senators, their resigna-
tion, or expulsion because engaged in a conspiracy
to overthrow the present national Government.
The Senators and Representatives inCongress thus
elected by the loyal citizens ofanyof the seceding
States would undoubtedly be admitted to seats,
each House, by the Constitution, being the sole
judge of the qualifications of its own members.
In this manner the national Government could
fulfill and discharge its constitutional obligations
by securing to each State a republican form of
government, suppress rebellion, and protect the
lives, liberties, and property of the loyal citizens.
If it be said, however, that the majority would
vote down the minority, or by force and mob law
prevent such an expression of their opinions at
the ballot-box, or the revolutionists might elect a
Governor and Legislature, members of Congress
and Senators, with the understanding that they
should not serve, and that such a scheme as is
S proposed for the minority to act upon is imprac-
ticable; then, 1 answer, that the duty of all loyal
citizcns would be to assemble, and petition Con-
gress for a redress of their grievances—the pro-
tection of their lives and property, and the secu-
rity of all their constitutional rights, including a
republican form of State government.
The national Government justly and proudly
boasts of having protected one poor and friendless
foreigner, who had only declared his intention to
become an American citizen, from the despotism
of Austria, at the hazard of a bloody and expens-
ive war. If, then, there be but one of its own
citizens, born and bred on its own soil, who, de-
spite the threatened punishment of traitors m
rebellion against the United States, remains loyal
to the Constitution and Union, shall he not be
protected in his life, liberty, and property by the
national Government? If the General Govern-
ment have not power to protect the rights of all
loyal citizens, then the Government is a failure,
and that provision of the national Constitution
which says " the United States shall guarantee to
every State in the Union a republican form of
government" is a dead letter, and worse than
useless. But, Mr. Chairman, with a proper ad-
ministration of the national Government, it will
