1861.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
36th Cong....2d Sess
The Union of the States—Mr. Ashley.
Ho. 03? Reps.
the decision of the Supreme Court in the case of
Prigg vs. Pennsylvania, which declared substan-
tially that it was not the duty of a State to pass
laws for the arrestand rendition offugitive slaves,
and that Congress alone hadexclusivejurisdiction
over the subject.
The law of Vermont provides that all officers
of the United States and their deputies shall- be
exempt from the provisions of their " liberty
bill" while in the discharge of their official duty.
The proviso reads as follows:
" This act, however, shall not be construed to extend to
any citiaen of the State, acting as a judge of the circuit or
district court of the United States, or as a maishal or dep-
uty marshal of the district of "Vermont, or to any person
acting under the command or authority of said courts or
marshal."
Nineteen twentieths of those who are prating
about northern "personal liberty bills," know
nothing about them. Nevertheless, they do not
hesitate boldly to declare that they are unconsti-
tutional.
Now, Mr. Chairman, I do not assume to speak
for all the noithern States; but I can say with
great confidence, (and I have no doubt but what
other gentlemen will speak for their States, and
give the same pledge,) that if the Legislature of
Ohio should at any time pass an unconstitutional
Jaw—which is not at all improbable, as their own
local laws are frequently adjudged unconstitutional
by the supreme court of the State—I say, if such
a law should at any time be passed,whether con-
flicting with the fugitive slave bill, or any other
act of Congress, it will be repealed whenever the
Supreme Court declares it unconstitutional. Can
the Representatives from the States who complain
of these "personal liberty bills," in fairness,
ask anything more? Arc they willing, in turn,
to give the North the same pledge of loyality?
Most of the States now in rebellion against the
Government have, and have had for many years,
laws on their statute-books, the most inhuman,
and, as we believe, unconstitutional; laws which
enslave our free people, wiio are guilty of no crime,
but are enslaved for life simply for coming into
the State. The authorities of some of the free
States have sent commissioners to one or more of
these southern States, to test, in a legal and peace-
ful manner, the constitutionality of such laws;
but they have not only never been permitted to do
so, but gentlemen of distinction, who have visited
the southern States for that purpose, have been
driven from the South by mobs. There never
has been, and I think I may safely say there never
will be, such an outrage committed by the citizens
of any of the free States on a southern man whom
a State might send north on such a mission. Any
gentleman whom the authorities of a southern
State may choose to commission to a free State,
or who may come of his own will and pleasure,
to test the constitutionality of any of our laws,
whether they be our u personal liberty bills," or
any others, will be received and treated as a gen-
tleman. And the decision of our highest judicial
tiibunal, whether in accordance with our views
or not, witf be strictly and in good faith obeyed.
The Legislature of my State a few years ago
passed a law, known with us as the crowbar law,
to tax banks the same as other properly—a law
which they not only believed to be just, but also
constitutional. The banks resisted the payment
of the tax. Suits were commenced to testits con-
stitutionality. The supreme court of Ohio sus-
tained the law, and declared it constitutional. It
was carried to the Supreme Court of the United
States, and they pronounced the law unconstitu-
tional. The Legislature, in compliance with that
decision, repealed the law, and appropriated
money to refund to the banks the taxes thus de-
clared to have been illegally collected. I mention
this as one case that came within my own per-
sonal knowledge. Icouldname others, had I time,
which would show the law-abiding and loyal char-
acter of the entire northern people. But it is not
necessary. A majority of the people of Ohio be-
lieved then, and believe now, that that law was
constitutional, and that the decision of the Su-
preme Court was wrong; yet they obeyed its
mandates, because it was the court of last resort,
and disobedience would be nullification.
Mr. Chairman, our calumniators in the North
have deceived, and are to-day deceiving, the hon-
est people of the South, as to the character and
purpose of the musses of men who make up the
Republican party. Theyaretold that44 the North
had got to be utterly lost to all sense of truth or
falsehood, right or wrong; that everything good
gave way before senseless sympathy for black
men to such a degree that, to steal property, in-
cite to insurrection, rapine, and murder, were
e very-day sights." Sir, a more shameless false-
hood never fell from the hps of man or devil. In
the estimation of all honorable men, a willful fals-
ifier is, of all men, the most despicable; and the
utterer of this base slander on his own State and
neighbors has at last found the depth of infamy.
There cannot be one fact adduecd upon which to
rest so monstrous a charge. There is no evidence
of this alleged hatred on the part of the North.
No southern man or woman visiting the North,
either for business or pleasure, was ever beaten
with stripes, tarred and feathered, imprisoned, or
murdered by any cowardly mobs or lynch-law
courts,no matter what their opinions mightbeon
any subject, however obnoxious, or however of-
fensively they might have proclaimed them. I
wish as much could be said, and as tiuthfuily, of
every southern State.
Sir, I say to southern gentlemen, and I say it
with pride, that a more law-abiding, peaceful,
constitutional, and Union-loving people cannot be
found in any part of the country, than the great
body of those who make up the Trank and file of
the Republican party. Indeed, they are preemi-
nently distinguished, wherever known, for the
conscientious discharge of every duty, public and
private, for their sobuety and Christian charac-
ter, for their love of peace, for their unselfish phi-
lanthropy and a love of the human race, which
is circumscribed by no narrow limits, but em-
braces m its cosmopolitan liberality tke people of
every nation and every religious creed.
If this be tiue,I am asked why we permit such
slanderers as the author of the extract just read
to utter their falsehoods throughout the North?
I answer, because we are notfearfulof falsehood,
where free speech and a fiee press are left fiee to
combat it before an intelligent people. Wherever
such slanders are uttered in the North they are
harmless. They ought to be and would be harm-
less with you in the South, if you tolerated free
speech and a free press. The utterer of this slan-
der ivS like the desperate gambler who, having lost
character, position, everything that a manly man
could desire, is playing the last card upon the po-
litical board, with a recklessness befitting his des-
perate condition, hoping almost against hope to
be piomoted by the dying political organization
now in charge of the Government, to a position
once dignified and made honorable by a Jay, a
Slot y,and a Marshall. How infamous and wicjfed
must an Administration be where promotion to
high and honorable positions are more readily
secured by such baseness than by an honorable,
manly, upright bearing!
John Randolph, of Virginia, once said, when
rebuking those whom he justly called doughfaces,
" that he did not envy the head or hea.it of that
man who could rise here and defend slavery on
principle." I would, sir, that we had a Ran-
dolph, a Jefferson, and a McDowell to speak here
to-d.iy for the South and to the South.
Mr. Chairman, it is a mistake, and our south-
ern brethren are deceived in supposing, that op-
position to slavery in the free States is the lesult
of political preaching or political parties It is a
stiil greater mistake to suppose that this opposi-
tion lias become so formidable as it has because
ofpolitu al demagogues seeking office. This senti-
ment of opposition to slavery has existed from
the day the Pilgrims landed on Plymouth rock,
and ever will exist, not only with their childten,
but with the great body of die Christian woild.
It has grown in spite of political preaching, in
spite of demagogues, and in spite of doughfjees,
of whom the North has, I am sorry to say, quite
as many to-day as when Randolph gave them a
name so characteristic of their depravity.
In Canada, on our northern border, m Eng-
land and France, and indeed thioughout all Eu-
rope, the hostility to slavery is far greater and
more unanimous than m any of the free States of
the American Union. And those who arc its
most uncompromising opponents in the countnes
named cannot and never expected to obtain oifice
or political promotion because oftheir opposition
to the system. They are not, and never have
been, influenced by any such sordid considera-
tions. Neither are the great body of the citizens
of the free States, who are, and always have been.,
opposed to slavery, governed in their opposition
by any such considerations. It is a feeling of
human nature which cannot be overcome, a" pre-
judice, " if you will, which cannot be " conquered "
at the bidding of any man or party.
Three fourths of the civilized and Christian
world look upon the trade of man-stealing and
man-selling as a piratical crommcrcc, to be pro-
hibited and abolished wherever Governments have
the power. And if there never had been any Uni-
ted States Senators and Representatives in Con-
gress made elective by the people in the free States,
and there were no o&ces to be filled there by ap-
pointment of the President of the United States,
the hostility to this execrable commerce in the
free States would have been fivefold greater than
it is. And without the aid which the North has
given to the slavery interest, it would be power-
less to-day. For the truth is, the national Gov-
ernment, in the hands of slaveholders, as it has
been three fourths of the time since its organiza-
tion, has debauched and corrupted the public mind
of the North, and in the name of Democracy has
bedn able to keep possession of the Government,
while extending, strengthening, and nationalizing
slavery.
Mr. Chairman,libertyisoneofthegrandestand
most Godlike aspirations of the human heart; it
is a sentiment which cannot be eradicated by com-
promises or party platforms. No,norbyChurch
creeds either. It isafeelingimplantedin the breast
of every intelligent human soul by the hand of the
Creator, and bars and bolts and prisons cannot
eradicate it. It is the morningandeveningprayer
of every slave; and the late Governor McDowell,
of Virginia, never uttered a more sublime truth
than when he said:
44 You may place the slave where you please; you may
diy up to youi uttermost the fountains of his feelings, the
springs of his thoughts; yon may closc upon his mind every
avenue to knowledge, and. cloud it over with aitifielal
night; you may yoke hun to labor as an ox which Iiveth
only to work, and woilcoth only to live; you may put him
under any pioce?.s which, without destioying his value as
a slave, will debase and crush him as a rational being;
you may do ail this, and tih: idea that he was bokn
free wili. survive it am . It is allied to his hope of im-
morality; it is the eternal part of his nature, which op-
pression cannot reach. It is a torch lit up m his soul by
the hand of Deity, and never meant to be extinguished by
the hand of man."
Mr. Chairman, the people of the North hold
these sentiments to-day, as they ever have, and
as I trust they ever will. "What wonder, then,
that when called upon to extend by their vote
this institution, so obnoxious to them and the
moral sense of the civilized world, that they  should
be found, as a body, in opposition to it? The
only wonder, sir, is, that there is any division in
the free States on the subject. On this question a
large, majority of the citizens of all parties in the
free States stand to-day where Washington and
Adams, Jefferson and Franklin, Hancock and
Jay, stood in the days of the Revolution, and
where Clay and the leading men of all parties,
political as well as religious, stood thirty and forty
years ago.
When Henry Clay was called upon in 1850 to
vote to legalize slavery in the national Territories,
he indignantly refused; and declared, in language
which will live as long as any sentiment his
great heart ever conceived, or his eloquent lips
cveruttered, " that noearthlypower could induce
jhimtodoir." 1 will quote the extract. In reply
| to Senator Davis, of Mississippi, lie said:
: " I am evttrmely bony to hear the Senator fiom Misms-
! «jppi say thai he lequucs, fir-t, the extension of the Mis-
I vouri compromise line to the Pacific; and, also, that he is
' not satisfied with that, but require?, if 1 understood him
; eoriecflv, a positive piovision lot the admission of slavery
) south of that hue. And now. sir, coming fiom a s-Iave
I State, as I do, I owe it to myself, I owe it to truth, I owe
1 it to the subject, to say that no earthly power could induce
j ji)(* to \ote lor a specific me<i>me for the intioduction ot
i 'lawiy where it had not belote e\ihted, either south or
| noith of that line. Coming, as I do, fiom a slave State, it
i is m\ solemn, deliberate, and well matuied determination
I that no powei—no earthly power—shall comp* 1 me to vote
j ror the positive nuioduetion ot slavery either south or
north of that line. While you repioaeii, and ju>tly. our
British ancestors tor the introduction of thi* institution
upon the comment of North America. 1 am, foi one, un-
willing that the posterity of the present inhabitant# of Cal-
