1861.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
36th Cons....2d Sess.
The Union of the States—Mr. Ashley.
Ho. 01? Reps.
master shall govern as the Bourbons in Europe
claimed to have governed, by the grace of God,
and that the poor whites shall submit. And, as
I said in some remarks which I made upon this
subject at the last session, this despotism will
have to be resisted, " or the poor whites of the
South will first be disfranchised, then classed so-
cially as they are to-day, to agreatextent, witlfthe
servile race, and at last they and their children
wijl be melted down in the slave population for-
ever." The men who are seeking the destruction
of this Union and the establishment of such a
government are the identical men who, for the
past twenty-five years, have dictated the policy,
controlled the political action of all their conven-
tions, and finally destroyed the old Democratic
party in all the free States. What wonder that
the northern wing of this old party should have
been repudiated by the people, when their leaders
surrendered to the demands of this slave interest,
and while professing Democracy abandon the
principles of Jefferson, and joined in an effort to
make this a slave empire!
Thomas S. Orimke, of South Carolina, one of
the noblest and truest of men, in a speech of great
power and eloquence, while denouncing the nulli-
fication movement of Calhoun in 1833, referred
to the certainty of slave insurrections, as also the
ultimate loss of liberty to the poor whites in ease
of civil war, which he regarded as certain to fol-
low an attempt to enforce the doctrines of nulli-
fication. He said:
"These insurrections would tic followed hy depreciation
of property, not only in negroes, but of all kind1 ot wealth;
and at the ssame time the necessities of war would lequne
an amount ot taxation tliat could be enforced only by a
military Government, undei which even the libeities of the
whiter would soon poush.
If there is disunion and civil war it will he no
fault of the northern people. If there should be
servile insurrections the people of the free States
cannot be justly charged with inciting them. It
will be the fault of the very men who, in their
madness to sustain slavery, have inflamed not only
the minds of the whites, but of the slave popula-
tion also.
A traveler returning to France under the reign
of Louis XVI, after an absence of many years,
was asked what changes he found. " Nothing,"
•be answered, "save* that the people are now say-
ing in the streets what was formerly only said at
the dinner tables and in thedrawing-rooms of the
leading men in Paris."
The traveler was right. " The idea of liberty
had gone down to the people. Philosophy, in a
deep and thrilling voice, had told the injured of
their rights as men; it hud reminded them of their
many galling wrongs. Habit still made them
suffer m silence; but the seeds of future vengeance
were sown." That vengeance was the French
revolution.
The slaves in the South, waiting upon their
masters at the dinner tables, at all political meet-
ings, indeed everywhere, hear the Republican
party denounced and Mr. Lincoln called their
friend. They hear their masters declare that he is
to liberate them by force if necessary, and place
them on a social and political equality with the
whites. The slave catches up their thoughts;
vague notions of freedom take possession of him;
he meditates upon it; ffe communicates it from
•rabin to cabin,from plantation to plantation; and
thus are the seeds of insurrection sown by the
slave masters; and insurrections in time are sure
to follow, whether the South are in or out of the
Union.
But, Mr. Chairman, lam asked howl propose
to adjust our present difficulties. i answer, by
accommodating ourselves to the lo^ic of events;
by yielding to that winch is inevitable,and obey-
ing the deliberately expressed will of the nation.
The people of the United States are not only tired,
but disgusted with these everlasting diplomatic
tricks called4' compromises;'" patched up by slave-
holders and political quacks on the one side, and
commercial timidity and northern flunkej^ism on
the other. We have had enough of these crafty
tiicks, which have decided nothing; which, instead
of settling the difficulty, has postponed but to ag-
gravate it, leaving the ever-rccumng dispute to be
again "settled" by the next generation. The j!
difficulties that environ us to-day are as well un- I]
derstood as they can be after another contest of jj
twenty-five years. The truth is, slavery is gasp-
ing for breath; it is struggling for a new lease of
life; it demands guarantees that shall make the
lease perpetual; but if you will not give that, it
will "compromise" with less. But whether you
acccde to its demands or not, the logic of events
tells me unmistakably that slavery must die. The
judgment of the civilized and Christian world de-
crees it. Emancipation is the sentiment of all
nations, and we cannot resist it if we would, and
ought not to do it if we could. What the people
of this country want, what they expect and de-
mand at our hands, is not new truces with sla-
very, but a permanent settlement of this question
in the only way it ever can be settled to give peace
and contentment to the country; and that is, to
settle it, wherever the national jurisdiction ex-
tends, by the just rule of right and liberty.
Shall we meet and solve this problem like men,
fairly, honorably, and without dissimulation, and
as the better promptings of our hearts dictate; or
shall we skulk ana dodge like the tricksters of an
hour ? Shall we meet the question like statesmen,
legislating for the generations to come as well as
our own; or shall we shift the responsibility, with
all its accumulated complications, upon those who
must succeed us ?
Mr. Chairman, the people of the United States
have been earnestly struggling, in one form or
another, with this giant evil of slavery for nearly
half a century; and though often betrayed by their
leaders into what were called " compromises,"
the faith of the masses have remained unshaken,
and they have continued hopeful. Though often
defeated in their political struggles for obtaining
possession of the Government, they have always
been loyal,and never threatened or attempted re-
bellion or revolution. This struggle between the
people on the one side, and a privileged class on
the other, has been such a struggle as the world
has never witnessed, because it has been conducted
peacefully and lawfully. No war, no desolated
homes, no hatred, but a generous,noble,self-sac-
rificing struggle, that must challenge the admira-
tion of the world, accomplished, as it has been,
by peaceful citizens, in the mode and manner pre-
scribed by the Constitution, by the silent hut All-
potent power of the ballot. No man could have
been a disinterested witness to this grand strug-
gle, and beheld its first triumph, without feeling
that u peace hath her victories no less renowned
than war." With the old watchword of" Free-
dom and Peace," we have conquered, and to-day
the liberty-loving men of all nations join in hail-
ing with pride the advancing chief, the chosen of
the people. The consequences of this peaceful
victory no man can foresee. The effect of its ex-
ample on the nations will be incalculable, even
though we should have some trouble with those
who are seeking to destroy the Government be-
cause they cannot longer administer it. It will
reinstate us where we were in the days of Wash-
ington, in the respect and affections of the people
of Europe; and the American Government, if true
to the ideas upon which the triumph of which I
am speaking has been achieved, will from this
time forward hold the first position among the
Powers of the earth; and as a nation and people
we shall, as we ought, hold the first place in his-
tory for many generations to come. If, however,
we should fail, from any cause, to carry out in
good faith this grand decree of the people; if,
through fear, deceptive compromises are forced
upon us, and the people are again betrayed under
the pretense of appeasing those whose whole his-
tory gives us the assurance that they will be sat-
isfied with nothing short of having slavery recog-
nized as property by constitutional provision,
those who aid in accomplishing this great wrong
will deserve, as they will receive, the condemna-
tion of all liberty-loving men.
But I am told that the people demand that such
concessions and compromises shall be granted.
Sir, I deny it. I have seen no evidence of it, and
do not believe it. I grant you, sir, that there are
some who demand it; the leaders of the party
which have just been driven from power by an
indignant people demand it, and are supported in
their imperious demands by almost the entire slave
interest of the country; but the great body of the
people, the millions, not only do not demand it,
but I tell you, sir, that they will never tolerate it.
Sir, I should be loth to believe that those who*
through so many long and weary years, have
struggled hopefully on amid disasters and defeats,
the desertions of pretended friends and false lead-
ers, could, in the hour of their triumph, advise a
surrender to the minority, and consent to abandon
that cause which alone made success in the late cam-
paign possible. I cannot believe that the people,
under the menace of disunion and revolution, will
ever take a step backward; that they will, in so
cowardly a manner, give up every principle for
which they have been so heroically battling for
years. No, no. This grand array of millions
which has withstood so many defeats while bat-
tling for the right, will march on and march on
under the banner of " Peace," conquering and to
conquer. No earthly power can stay it. In its
triumphal progress it will know no barrier but
justice; no restraint but the just restraints of the
Constitution. Missouri compromises, and all
other compromise lines which you-may establish
in your puny efforts to secure new guarantees to'
slavery, will fade like the baseless fabric of a vis-
ion before its advancing tread. This Government
was not organized for the purpose of making
slavery universal and perpetual; but to "establish
justice, insure domestic tranquillity, provide for the
common defense, promote the general welfare) and
secure the blessings of liberty to ourselves and our
posterity
This was the cherished purpose of the fathers
when they launched this great ship of State, the
Constitution, upon the yettroubled waters which
were crimsoned with the blood of the Revolution.
They firmly believed that she would weather
every storm. In this faith they laid them down
to rest, and committed to those who should come
after them its direction and government. Shall
we, their sons, falter and desert her now, when
storms and tempests beat against her; or shall we,
like true mariners, stand firmly at the post of
duty and danger? Shall we, with the very dawn
of the morning beaming upon us, give up all, and
without a struggle let the tempest and darkness
close around her and ingulf all in one common
ruin; or shall we cling to the good old ship, and
put a new commander upon her deck, who will
go back to the old chart, put her head to the storm,
and man her with freemen ifistead of slaves?
Mr. Chairman, to a patriot and lover of his
country there would seem to be but one course.
The voices of the people echo but one cry, but
one command; and that is: "Save the good ship
Constitution from her present peril!" If we fail
to do this, we are not the men for the hour. If
need be, party ties must be severed and party divis-
ions forgotten; sectional animosities must cease,
and a union of all freedom-loving men sccurcd for
the sake of liberty and the Union. If, while the
coming dawn foreshadows the deliverance of all
nations and the freedom of every race, we alone
are found destroying the most perfect form of gov-
ernment ever given to man, in a struggle to make
slavery perpetual, of all men we will be the most
guilty. Shall history record this, the darkest of
crimes, against our names ? Shall our children
execrate our memories because we were traitors
and cowards; and, for an hour of promised peacc
and commercial prosperity, consented to our own '
and their degradation, and the endless bondage
of millions? Shall it be said that, while thrones
throughout Europe are falling, and long-oppressed
races are everywhere claiming and asserting their
God-given rights; while a free press is proclaim-
ing that this is the golden age of justice that pre-
cedes the year of a universal jubilee, when the
people of all nations will be marching to the joy-
ful sound of libertyand independence—shall it be
said of us, I say, that, under our direction, the
Republic established by Washington alone is re-
lapsing into despotism ? At a time when the sons
ofstrugglinghumanity are loosing the bonds which
have bound them for ages, and, in obedience to
the Divine command, •* permitting the oppressed
to go free,"shall the freemen of this country con-
sent to rivet the chains of the slave, and thus aid
those who are seeking permanently to establish
and extend this despotism throughout all the free
Territories of the nation ?
While Italy, after a struggle of centuries, un-
der the guidance of her brave Garibaldi, (who is
to Italy to-day what Washington was to us,) is
