654
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 30,
the Union, let them first correct the errors at home.
Let them do equity before they-demand equity at
the hands of others. Let them come into court
with clean hands and pure hearts; for they laid the
foundation of the present difficulties and dangers
that now beset us, by the nullifying acts of their
own Legislatures. Let the northern States im-
mediately and without delay repeal the obnoxious
. laws that now are on their statute-books. Let
them cease to obstruct the enforcement of the
fugitive slave law. Let the executives of those
States respond promptly to the legal demand of
the southern States, and yield up the fleeing crim-
inal to justice to be tried by the laws of the States
which he has violated, and not undertake to ob-
struct the settled comity of States by the inter-
position of pettifogging technicality. Let them
cease their incessant abuse, vilification, and mis-
representation of their southern brethren. Let
them cease to make crime honorable by holding
out rewards and inducements for its commission.
Let them cease to commission and send forth
their emissaries to stir up the unsuspecting slave
to insurrection, to muraer, rape, arson, and all
other crimes known and recognized by the calen-
dar, not that they have the slightest interest in the
happiness and welfare of the slave, but that they
may use his condition forpolitical effect. Let them
cease to entice the slave from his master, and to
remove him beyond his reach and control. Let
them cease to endanger the liberty and happiness
of twenty-six million people to obtain that of four.
Let them not stand up in the Halls of the national
Legislature and boast that they are eighteen mil-
lion strong, and they are prepared in their strength
for their southern brethren if they do not submit
to such terms as they may dictatc. Let tlaem
themselves be loyal to the laws, the Constitution,
and Union, before they demand and enforce loy-
alty at the hands of others. Let them do these
things; for every evil which I have enumerated is
in existence among them, and not one has, in the
slightest degree, been exaggerated.
We have attempted thus honestly and fairly to
portray to the public mind the undeniable evils
that exist in the northern States; and for the safety
and preservation of the Union, we are decidedly
in favor of bringing to bear upon them all the legal
and constitutional powers of the national Govern-
ment for their suppression. There are two little
States of this Union whose incessant disloyalty
has disturbed the harmony of the whole, more
than all the others combined. They are always
imagining that the hand of the oppressor is upon
them, and that their rights and liberties are always
endangered unless they separate themselves from
the Confederacy, place themselves in a posture of
dcfcnsc,andprotcctthemsclvcsagainst the assaults
and tyranny of the whole force of the Union.
Now, sir, there is no man who could have a more
exalted opinion of their bravery and independence
than myself; but it seems to mo they too fre-
quently consider themselves insulted to have some
plausible pretext upon which they may have the
privilege of insulting the whole balance of the
Union. From 1808, at the time of the embargo,
up to 1815, the close of the last English and Amer-
ican war, Massachusetts exhibited so much dis-
loyalty, and so frequently threatened to separate
herself from the Confederacy, that the English
nation, presuming that she was in earnest, actu-
ally sent a fleet to her assistance, and offered to
take her in charge; but as soon as she beheld the
flag of her ancient enemy, she immediately re-
turned to her allegiance under the national flag,
which is always the safest and most exalted po-
sition that any State can possibly occupy. During
the war of 1812, the whole New England States
rejoiced at the success of the British arms, and
again and again mourned over American victo-
ries. Their journals were loud in their applause
of the cause of the enemy, and bold and open in
condemnation of the success of their own country-
men; and the battles of New Orleans and the
lakes were hailed by them as harbingers of evil
and iniquity, simply because they drove from the
nation us enemies, which they had become to re-
gard their special ftiends. And again: Massachu-
setts placed upon her records a resolution at that
time, which wo will not quote here, for it was ex-
punged m 1824, but which hasplaced upon her fair
escutcheon a stain which cannot be effaced through
the annals of time.
Mr. Speaker, again, at the time the greatState
of Texas was taken into the Union, this little
State became so exasperated because she was not
exclusively consulted upon the question, that,
while that great State was coming in upon one
side, and swelling to a vast extent this mighty
empire, she was threatening to leave upon the
other side, and break up the equilibrium of the
Union. And to make a full exhibition of her ob-
stinacy in the case, she actually placed upon her
State records these resolutions:
" 1. Resolved, That Massachusetts has never delegated the
power to admit into the Union States or Territories with-
out or beyond tiie original Territories of the States and Ter-
ritories belonging to the Union at the adoption of the Con-
stitution of the United States; and that in whatever manner
the consent of Massachusetts may have been given or
inferred to the admission of the States already, by gen-
crahconsent, forming part of the Union, from such territory,
the admission of Stares, in the judgment of Massachusetts,
forms no precedent for the admission of Texas, and can
never be interpreted to rest on powers granted in the Con-
stitution.
"2. Resolved, That there has hitherto been rio precedent
of an admission of a foreign State or foreign teintoiy into
the Union by legislation ; and as the powers of legislation
granted m the Constitution of the United States to Con-
giess do not embrace a erne of the admission of a foreign
State or foreign teiritory, by legislation, into the Union, such
an act of admission would have no binding force whatever
on the people of Massachusetts."
And, again: on another occasion, they passed
the following:
" Resolved, That Massachusetts hereby refuses to ac-
knowledge the act of the Government of the United States
authorizing the admission of Texas, as a legal act in any
way binding herfrom Urfingher utmo>.t exertionsm er>' per-
ation with other State*?, by every lawiul and constitutional
measure, to annul its conditions and defeat its accomplish-
ment."
Now, sir, docs she not expressly state there
that she will not be bound by the acts of the na-
tional Congress? That although passed by the
people's representatives in Congress assembled,
which was presumed to bo the voice of the people
themselves, and although it received the signature
of the President of the Union, yet she takes upon
herself the responsibility of icpudiating the whole
thing, simply because it does not happen to meet
her views of national policy?
Mr. Speaker, is not this a direct disobedience
of law, and are wc not thi« day witnessing the
fearful results of such destructive disloyalty, in the
breaking up of the mightiest nation upon heaven's
footstool?
But, sir, wc would suppose that these New
England States, with the great State of New Y ork,
think that the whole moral and political condi-
tion of the nation was intrusted exclusively to
them; and in all the Pharasaical sympathy of their
souls, take upon themselves the responsibility of
the same, without even the slightest idea that they
themselves have a single moral evil among them,
or a single political sin to answer for. Did they
ever think that'their own common prisons are
crowded to overflowing with criminals, and that
the State prisons of New York contain more con-
victs than all the penitentiaries of all the southern
States?
Mr. SICKLES. Mr. Speaker, let me say to
my friend from Ohio, that I have not examined the
statistics of the prisons; but if it be as he states
it, I have to say they do not all come from the
State of New York.
Mr. HOWARD, of Ohio. Mr. Speaker, I
will admit that my friend, or the people of his
State, have never stopped to study the moral con-
dition of their own State; but they are very care-
ful in the exhibition of the sins of other people;
for, in the self-righteousness of their souls, they
have never supposed there was any iniquity at
their own doors.
Mr. GOOCH. Mr. Speaker, let me say to my
friend from Ohio, that the reason why there are
so many convicts in the State prison of Massa-
chusetts is because ail persons that ought to be
there are there; while I cannot say the same for
other States.
Mr. HOWARD, of Ohio. Mr. Speaker, do I
understand my friend from Massachusetts to say
that all persons are in prison in his State who
ought to be there? If that be the case, ailow me
to ask him if there is not a great part of his pop-
ulation there, then? [Laughter.] But, Mr.
Speaker, it is not my province to cover up the
evils of the people of any part of this Union; for
I would warn these seceding southern States to
be careful and thoroughly examine the whole
question, to see if the case will justify the effects,
not in theirown estimation, but in the estimation
of posterity, who is to be your judge; for recol-
lect that Massachusetts and other disloyal States
might have thought at the time that their injuries
were sufficient, and that they were suffering un-
bearable injustice at the hands of their country;
but they now feel that they have placed upon
themselves a stain that cannot be effaced and
washed out by time and a faithful repentance.
And such will be the fate of these seceding
States; and "such y/ill be the imputation cast upon
all who contribute the smallest iota in the break-
ing up of this glorious Union of States. Look,
sir, at their prosperity since the beginning of the
Government; their trade has increased from
$3,000,000 to $350,000,000; their wealth has ad-
vanced to $20,000,000,000; their population from
one and one half to twelve million; her geograph-
ical area is nine hundred thousand square miles,
and her prosperity has been unparalleled; her na-
tional position unequaled for natural advantages,
and her political greatness is unrivaled. And
how has she thus swelled to such magnificent
magnitude? All under the benign influence of tho
national Government, and all under the protec-
tion of the national flag; and can she thus break
up the one and insult the other?
This is the best Govcrnmentupon the face of the
earth; and wc do not believe that any State can find
a justand sufficient cause to separate herself from
it. South Carolina, Alabama, Mississippi, Geor-
gia, Louisiana, and Florida, have recently, in sol-
emn convention assembled, passed ordinances of
secession, and no longer consider themselves as
part and parcel of this great Confederacy of States.
The whole nation seems to be agitated and appalled
from center to circumference; and a revolution
solemnly, though certainly, seems to be making
rapid strides in our midst. Now, sir, what has
either one of these seceding States suffered at the
hands of the Federal Government, to thus, with-
out cause or provocation, break up a union of
States that gives protection, not only to every
State, but every citizen of every State ?
What is the reason assigned by each one cf
those States for the fatal and important step so
hastily taken? The election of Lincoln to the
Presidency of the United States, who is a Repub-
lican. And we must say that, however much we
regret the occurrence of that fact, yet it is no just
cause for the step thus taken. Now, no citizen
even of those States can deny that Mr. Lincoln
was legally and constitutionally elected to that
high position; and that being the case, it is not
only the duty of every law-abiding citizen to
tacitly submit, but to lend all aid in his solemn in-
auguration according to the due forms of law, and
then to await patiently the development of his
administration. And then, if it does not, like the
dews of heaven, fall alike upon all classes, then,
and not till then, let our voices be heard. And if
that isfdone, and the President should ever at-
tempt any overt act by which he should even
attempt to interfere with the established institu-
tions of any section, we pledge the sympathy and
support of a half million of freemen to their pro-
tection and support from the Northwest. We
think that it is going a step too far to presume, in
the advance of taking his seat, that the Executive
will take any measures to apply to practice the n re-
pressive conflict doctrine, and under that violent
presumption to lay violent hands upon the Union
of the States. We regret sincerely the success of
the Republican party in the recent presidential
campaign; but we must acknowledge that it has
all the forms of law to support it.
We believe the seceding States do not pretend
to bo acting upon anything which has already
transpired, but upon that which is to occur; ami
they are only fearful that the incoming Admin-
istration will do something which will operate
deleteriously upon their peculiar institution, and
which is to result in its'final extinction. The
President elect has said that slave and free States
cannot exist together; that they must all become
one or the other; that they were incompatible in
principle; and must one or the other yield. But,
sir, every intelligent man must know that, al-
though that assertion was made by Mr. Lincoln,
and that upon that assertion tho Republican pai ty
seized upon him, and,under the excitementof tho
hour, elected him President of the United States,
yet it is false, and the whole experience of our
constitutional existence proves it to be false; for
there are at this day more slave States than the
