m
APPENDIX TO,THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 18,
36tii Cong-....2d Sess.
State of the Union—Mr. Pendleton.
Ho. oe Reps.
marching in unity-to secure the enjoyment of con-
stitutional liberty, and Hungary and Germany
are keeping step to the universal marchof nations;
while Russia is emancipating her millions of
slaves, and all peoples, under every form of gov-
ernment, are advancing toward the dawn of that
civilization which liberty always brings, shall the
people of the United States, who have the grand-
est Government committed to their keeping which
the world bas ever seen, alone be found strug-
gling to make the rule of slavery universal? Can
^ American Representative in such an hour as
this, either from motives of personal ambition or
sordid pecuniary interest, consent to foster strife,
division, and discord, and without hesitancy or
remorse give his vote to drive back both citizens
'and Government toward the night of despotism
and barbarism?
God grant, sir, that every Representative may
pause and consider well the momentous conse-
quences of every vote he may be called upon to
cast before giving it in favor of any of the nu-
merous compromise schemes and proposed con-
stitutional amendments which are sought to be
forced upon us, and which, if adopted, will be
but another step, so far as the action of this body
can decree it, toward making slavery constitu-
tional and perpetual in this land of liberty.
state of the unjon.
SPEECH OF HON. GEO. H. PENDLETON,
OF OIIIO,
In the House op Representatives,
January 18, 1861.
The House being In tlie Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union —
Mr. PENDLETON said:
Mr. Chairman: 1 desired this morning, before
the House resolved itself into the Committee of
the Whole, to obtain the floor, that 1 might pre-
sent the memorial which 1 hold in my hand. It
comes from ten thousand citizens of Cincinnati,
and prays Congress to adopt the propositions
introduced into the Senate by the Senator from
Kentucky, [Mr. Crittenden.] 1 could not have
had an introduction, to the remarks which i shall
make, more grateful to my own feelings, than this
exhibition of the sincere desire, and the determ-
ined purpose of those whom 1 have the honor to
represent, by conciliation and compromise and
peace, to compose the difficulties which now exist
throughout the country.
The bill, Mr. Chairman, now before the com-
mittee, is the Army appropriation bill. Pertinent
to it, and to the discussion we have had upon it,
is the consideration of another bill, which t find
upon the table. It was introduced by my col-
league, [Mr. Bingham,] who is a member of the
Committee on the Judiciary, and is entitled " An
act further to provide for the collection of duties
on imports." l'propose to detain the House for
a few moments with an examination of the pro-
visions of this bill. It provides, sir, that when-
ever unusual impediments to the collection of the
revenue, shall exist in any pou or harbor, the
President of the United States may, at his discre-
tion, establish the custom-house on board a ship;
and in that event, the collector shall reside on the
ship. It also provides that the collector shall
have authority to seize and detain any vessel with
its cargo entering the harbor, until the duties shall
be paid in cash: and in order to enable him to ex-
ecute the duties thus imposed, the President may
invest him with the control of the land and naval
forces, or militia of the United States. The bill
further provides that his custody of the vessel and
cargo shall not be interfered with except upon a
warrant issued out of the Federal court.
Mr. Chairman, the first and most obvious sub-
ject of comment is the extraordinary power winch
this bill vests in a subordinate officer of the cus-
toms. He is entitled to use the Army and the
Navy of the United States, to seize and detain any
vessel which shall refuse to pay the customs, winch
he may see fit to demand; and it is expressly pro-
vided, that his discretion in the performance of
that duty shall not be controlled, or be subject to
icvision, except in a Federal court. Yet it is
well known to every gentleman on this floor that,
in the State to which the bill was intended to ap-
ply, there was not then, and is not now, any Fcd-
cial court in existence, and that there is no in-
tention on the part of the Executive,or the friends
of this bill, to establish one; indeed, there is an
express determination to permit the vacancy still
longer to exist.
Mr. BINGHAM. I would be obliged to "my
colleague if he would tell the House how hcknows
that such is the intention of the friends of this
bill?
Mr. PENDLETON. I know it, Mr. Chair-
man, from the fact that in the message of the
President, at the opening of this session of Con-
gress, he told us that it was not necessary that
the vacancy should be supplied. I know it, also,
because a Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Wade,] in
addressing the Senate not long since, expressly
stated his opinion that we could well dispense
with the existence of a Federal court m the State
of South Carolina, or in any seceding State. And
thus, sir, without Federal courts in those States,
under the provision of this bill, the discretion of
the revenue officer, armed with all this enormous
power, is without limitation and without control.
The next comment, Mr. Chairman, that I make
upon the bill, is this: it provides that the duties
shall be paid in cash; it suspends the operation
of the warehousing system; it takes away from
the ports, to winch it is made to apply, all the
benefits to be derived from that system, whereby
importers may keep their goods in the warehouses
of the United States for three years, without the
payment of duties. And yet, the bill is not gen-
eral in its terms; it is not universal in its applica-
tion; it is intended to apply, and by its terms is
made to apply, only to those ports which the
President, m his discretion, or in his fears, may
select—plainly, palpably contravening that clause
of the Constitution which provides? that" No pref-
erence shall be given by any regulation of com-
merce or of revenue, to the ports of one State over
those of another."
I am aware, Mr. Chairman, that gentlemen
claim to have high authonty for this bill. They
pride themselves upon the astuteness with which
they have copied the first section of the act of
1833. It seems to me, they fail to observe n vast
difference of circumstances between that time and
the present. In 1833, the State of South Carolina
annulled one of the laws of Congress,or endeav-
ored to do so. She admitted our jurisdiction; she
acknowledged our general authonty; our courts
were in full operation; our civil officers enjoyed
their offices, and performed their duties; the ma-
chinery of our Federal Government was perfect in
all its details, throughout tlmtState. To-day,sir,
four States of tins Union have, as far as their
power extends, seceded from it. Four States,as
far as they are able, have annulled the grants of
power made to the Federal Government; they
have resumed the powers delegated by the Con-
stitution; they have canceled, as far as they could,
every limitation upon the full exercise of all their
sovereign rights; they donotclaim our protection;
they ask no benefit from our laws; they seek none
of the advantages of the confedeiation. On the
other hand, they renounce their allegiance; they
repudiate our authonty over them; and they as-
sert that they have assumed, some of them that
they have resumed, theirposition among1 the family
of sovereignties, among the nations of the earth.
Sir, I deal in no harsh epithets. I will denounce
no State, no body of men. I will not pause to
inquire whether they have done all this legally
or wisely, or upon sufficient cause. They have
done it; and I recognize the fact. They have done
it, with a unanimity of sentiment, with a coinci-
dence of opinion among their people, which is
without parallel m the history of revolutions; and
the simple question, presented to usto-dayisthis:
whether, throughout the limits of those States
which thus formally, thus orderly, thus by the en-
actments of representative bodies of highest capa-
city known to the civilized nations—conventions
duly authorized and properly elected to consider
this very question—have declared themselves inde-
pendent of us, we arc prepared by force of aims to
maintain our supremacy and enforce our laws?
Gentlemen will remember that when my col-
league introduced this bill two weeks ago, it j
applied to a single State; to-day, sir, four States I
stand in the same category. To-day, even while
I am speaking, Georgia is voting upon this very
question. And unless the signs of the times very
much deceive us, within three weeks three other
States will be added to the number.
I know that gentlemen insist upon inaugurating
a course of legislation looking to coercion by force
of arms, of which this is the forerunner, for vari-
ous considerations. They tell us—and my col-
league [Mr. Bingham] will tell us—perhaps he
has already told us—that they must enforce
laws; that they must collect the revenue; that they
must maintain the Constitution. Sir, these ends
are very desirable to be attained. I will aid in
any measures likely to accomplish them. I will
vote for any system of legislation which will effect
them. But, in my judgment, the system of which
this bill is the harbinger will utterly fail.
Gentlemen tell us, they must collect the reve-
nue, I find by a report which I have here, from
the Register of the Treasury, that the net revenue
collected in the ports of South Carolina—all of
them—during the year 1859, was $234,237; the
net revenue for the next year, 1860, was $309,222—
less than an average of $275,000 a year. Now,
the expense of sending your floating custom-house
to Charleston harbor, and of maintaining there
the armament necessary to perform the duties
prescribed by this bill, for one moTrth, ay, sir, for
one week, will exceed the whole revenue for one
year. If, in these times of disaster and civil com-
motion, the revenues do not fall below the sum
which we were able to collect in times of security
and peace, even then the pecuniary speculation
would hardly be worthy of the world-wide repu-
tation of our New England brethren. But, sir,
you will not collect one dollar of revenue—not one
dollar. How many ships will go into the port of
Charleston, if, at the mouth of the harbor, a vessel
of the United States compels them to pay duties,
and before they reach their moorings they are
met by State laws, to be executed by State offi-
cers, demanding, upon the penalty of seizure and
confiscation, the payment of the same rate of du-
ties again to them ? Not a vessel will go into the
port. And if private persons were willing to take
their chances, how long would foreign nations
submit to it, that you, by armed vessels, should
collect your customs at the mouth of the harbor,
when your receipt was not good on the shore?
How long, unless you secure to them the con-
sideration upon which alone customs are paid,that
the importer shall have free ingress and the right
to sell upon the land ? Your pretended system of
collecting the revenue, will be only ablockadc; it
will be an act of war; it will impose restraints upon
trade, not by open and declared war, but by a pre-
tended police regulation, to which other nations
have not submitted, and to which they will not
now submit.
When Mexico revolted from Spain, and under
the pretense of collecting revenue her ports were
closed, the nations interested in that trade pro-
tested against it, and treated the blockade as of no
validity whatever. When Texas revolted from
Mexico, and under the operation of a system for
collecting revenue, an attempt was made to cut
off all the trade of her ports, the United States,
with other nations, resisted it, upon the well-estab-
lished ground that in this age of the world belli-
gerent rights, however well ascertained, must be
exercised in subordination to the superior equity
of the rights of neutrals. You will not collect a
dollar,of revenue by this system; nor have you
the excuse for passing this bill, that unless you
do so, Charleston will become a free port, and the
trade of New York, Baltimore, and New Orleans
will be thereby injured. The port of Charleston
is now subject to revenue laws imposing thp same
duties as are imposed by the laws of the United
States; and there is no reason to believe that fur-
ther importations will be made there, than are
necessary for the city itself and the adjacent
country.
But, gentlemen tell us that they must enforce
the laws. I have shown that they cannot enforce
the revenue laws. What other laws do they pro-
pose to enforce ? Do they propose to carry the mails
through the State of South Carolina, or any other
seceding Siate? No, sir; they are willing to suspend
those laws, although it may bo as necessary to
the people of the country, to have free postal com-
