1861.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
36th Cong....2d Sess.
State of the Union—Mr. Pendleton.
Ho, op Reps.
m indication with the interior of the seceding States-
as to collect a few hundred or a few thousand
dollars at their ports. Do they propose to enforce
the laws for the administration of justice? No,
sir, that is not contemplated; although it is the
constitutional right of every citizen bf the United
Stales to have his claims against any citizen of
South Carolina adjudicated in the Federal courts.
Those laws they will suspend. Do they propose
to enforce the laws for the punishment of crime?
No, sir; even though it is just as necessary for the
well-being of the country, that the current coin of
the United States should not be counterfeited in
South Carolina as in any of the other States of
the Union. Gentlemen, you arc willing to sus-
pend all these laws, or to wink at their infraction.
'Why will you not suspend the revenue laws also ?
Is the collection of customs the great end of all
government—the highest object of all statesman-
ship ?
Gentlemen tell us that they must maintain the
Union. 1 yield to no man m my devotion to the
Union. My constituents—the people of the whole
Northwest—have forit an unalterable attachment.
They are an inland people; they are chiefly de-
voted to agriculture; they are distant from the
ocean by thousands of miles; they are shut o(T
from communication with the nations of the earth;
thc£- fear, from isolation, the loss of prestige and
of power. They are attached to the Union by
the double tie of interest and affection; their
material prosperity is bound up in its continuance;
their hearts cling to it with incredible tenacity.
They would make any sacrifice to maintain it.
Sir, if armies could preserve this Union, half a
million of armed men would spring up in a night.
If money could preserve it, our teeming soil would
leap with joy to yield agolden harvest. If blood
could maintain it, our young men and maidens,
our old men and children, would, with a crimson
Hood, from their very hearts, swell every stream
that waters our plains. But, sir, money, armies,
blood, will not maintain the Union. Justice,
reason, peace may. This Union, Mr. Chairman,
is a confederation of States. The Constitution
is the bond. In order to attain certain ends ben-
eficial to ail, these States came together in volun-
tary association. They organized a Central Gov-
ernment, and invested it with certain powers;
they themselves agreeing to do certain things, and
to refrain from doing certain other things, which
were clearly within the scope of their sovereign
power. In order to maintain this Union, in order
to preserve this Constitution, it is necessary that
every agency of this complicated machinery—the
General"Government, the States united, the States
severally—should perform the functions allotted
to them by the Constitution.
Now, sir. what force of arms can compel a
State to do that which shehasagiuedtodo? What
force of arms can compel a State to refrain from
doing that which her State government, supported
by the sentiment of her people, is determined to
persist in doing? It is provided in the Constitu-
tion that the citizens of every State shall have all
privileges and immunities of citizens of the sev-
eral States. What force of this Federal Govei*n-
ment can compel the observance of that clause, if
a State is determined to pass and execute laws
whereby citizens of other States shall not have,
within its limits, the same privileges as its own
citizens ?
"Full faith and credit shall be given in each
State to the public acts and judicial proceedings
of every other State." How will the Federal Gov-
ernment, by armies and arms, enforce the observ-
ance of that clause in the Constitution, if the judi-
ciary and the executive authorities of a State,
supported by the laws, refuse such faith and credit?
"No State, without the consent of Congress,
shall lay any imposts or duties on impoits."
Suppose a State should pass such a law, and the
citizens were willing to execute the law: what
army couldpreventit?
''No State shall, without the consent of Con-
gress, enter into any agreement or compact with
a foreign Power." 1 wish to know from gentle-
men, what number of men it would require to
annul such an agreement once made. < The Gen-
eral Government is invested with certain powers
necessary to be executed in order to keep the
machinery of the Government in motion. Can
any number of troops, or the use of any armed
force on the part of these States, compel the Gen-
eral Government to execute those powers if the
agents appointed for that purpose deliberately,
persistently refuse to execute them? Sir, the whole
scheme of coercion is impracticable. It is con-
trary to the genius and spirit of the Constitution.
If the Federal Government had the physical
powet, it might overrun and subdue a State; it
might subjugate and take possession of it, and
then, by Federal agents,administer theStategov-
ernment, and thus maintain a government and
form of LJnion; but I submit to gentlemen, that it
would not be the government of this Constitution,
it would not be the Union of these coequal States;
it would be the unity of a consolidated empire.
Gentlemen should not be astonished that I say
this. They seem to think that this General Gov-
ernment has some wonderful and mysterious
power over States, which organized society has
never been able to obtain over individuals. So-
ciety, organized in its best form, has never been
able to make a man pay his debts; it has never
been able to make him "fulfill liis contract; it has
never been able to compel him to execute specifi-
cally his articles of partnership. It punishes him.
It assesses damages against him. If he has prop-
erty, it levies these damages on his property. If
he has none, it may imprison him. It may even
take his life. These ore punishments. They do
not compel the execution of his contracts. So
it is with a State. The Federal Government, if
it have the physical power, may conquer the
State; may subdue it; may obliterate iti/but no
power, less than that of Omnipotence, fan com-
pel it to do that which is indispensable to the pi en-
ervation of the Union: namely, to revolve within
the sphcie appointed for it by the Constitution.
Gentlemen say that they will not make war;
they say that they do not intend to coerce aState;
but that tliey will enforce the law. They pro-
pose to send the Army and Navy and militia of
the United States—and my colleague from Cin-
cinnati, [Mr. Gukley,] in his speech yesterday,
advised to call for volunteers—to enforce the law.
They propose, with all this power, to invade a
State—a State which they know has repudiated
our authonty and denied our jurisdiction; aState
which, by the very exigency of the position which
it has assumed by secession; is obliged to resist;
which has declared, that it will l'esist; which has
prepared to resist./
Now, when these armed bodies come together
in hostile collision, is not that battle? is not that
war? Are we to be told, if I may paraphrase the
language used by Mr. Fox on an illustrious occa-
sion, when, on the day after the battle, amid the
gore of the dead and the groans of the dying,
some stranger should inquire what all this means—
are we to be told, sir, " This is not fighting; this
is not war: this is not coercion; these men have
no cause of quarrel with each other; there is no
harm nor cruelty nor bloodshed m it whatever;
this is only peaceably enforcing the laws?" Sir,
the enforcement of your laws within a seceding
State, in opposition to its will, is coercion of that
State; and coercion by armed force is war. These
terms, "collecting the revenue," " enforcing the
law," "maintaining the Union," captivate our
people. They smack of law and order; to which
our people arc very much attached. They are
not unknown in American history. Our fathers
heard them used in the same tone and spirit, and
for the same purpose, as we hear them now.
In 1768, when the Colonies were rejoicing at the
repeal of the stamp act, Charles Townshend, then
a member of Lord Chatham's cabinet, pledged to
conciliation and peace,rose in the House of (Com-
mons and declared that it was expedient to collect
revenue from America, and that he would himself
bring in a bill to accomplish that result. His dec-
laration was received with tumultuous shouts of
applause. The next day he was called to account
by his colleagues in the ministry for that infamous
breach of their avowed policy. He replied, with
exultation, " I appeal to you, whethei the House
is not bent on obtaining a revenue of some sort
from the colonies." He became the lord of the
ascendant, and introduced his revenue bill. It
assessed taxes on goods at the American ports.
The regulations of trade leduced the pricc of tea,
with duties added, to less than it had evor been.
But our fathers saw the poison in the golden
chalice, and put it far away from them. George
III was not so anxious to collect revenue, hut he
was intent on enforcing the law. He would have,
been willing at any time to repeal the revenue act,
if he could have brought his conscience to the
pointof conceding to men who resisted the enforce-
ment of the law. For seven years the British re-
sorted to parliamentary expedients. They had
their Boston port bill; they had their commis-
sioners of customs; they had their armed vessels
stationed in the harbors to sustain the commis-
sioners and assist them in performing their duty.
All failed. They then prosecuted the enterprise
by seven long years of war. They enforced the
laws at Lexington and Bunker Hill; they en-
forced the laws at Princeton and at Trenton; they
enforced the laws at Eutaw, and Cowpens, and
King's Mountain, and Yorktown; until ICing
George, wearied with his success, thanked God
that He had put it into his heart to forget his an-
cient differences—with whom? With revolted
colonies? With rebellious subjects? With Yan-
kees who would not submit to the enforcement of
the laws? No; with the United States of Amer-
ica, whose independence he acknowledged, and
with whom he made a treaty of peace.
In 1770, Boston had only sixteen thousand in-
habitants. It was situated on an inhospitable and
barren and comparatively sparsely populated
coast. Against that little town the ICing and all
his ministers, the Lords and Commons, the Army
and the Navy and the people of Great Britain were
combined, to collect from it the revenue, to en-
force in it the laws, and to maintain its unequal
union with the imperial crown. They collected
the revenue; but it was at the expense of a thou-
sand pounds for every dollar. They enforced the
law, but by a breach of every guaranty of free-
dom contained in the British Constitution. They
maintained the union only in consummating the
loss of the finest colonial empire in the world, and
three million hardy, patriotic, and enterprising
subjects.
Crentlemen, I. pray you learn prudence from
the heroism of your ancestry; I pray you learn
wisdom from your country's-history.. Fifteen
States of this Union come to you to-day with
their complaints. Hear them. They tell you
they have grievances. Redress them. They say
they have fears for their safety. Allay those fears.
They say they have apprehensions of wrong,
Assuage them. Gentlemen, remove every cause
of agitation and irritation, however unfounded
you deem it. They may have committed acts of
passion and wrong. Apprehensive of armed coer-
cion, exasperated bya sense of domestic insecur-
ity, they may have seized our forts and arsenals,
taken possession of our arms, and in some eases
have treated harshly our citizens. These acts are
wrong; but forbearance, equanimity, are fitting-
attributes of power; and moderation in victory is
the test of that wisdom and worth which deserve
it. Remember that the men who come to you are
bone of our bone, and flesh of our flesh; they are
our fellow-citizens, and our brethren. Whether
justly or unjustly, their discontents have taken
deep hold of their hearts. Let me beg of you to
grant all their reasonable demands. You can do
it now without loss of pride, without loss of self-
respect, without loss of power. I beg you, in
God's name, do it! Do a patriotic duty! Give
us peace instead of discord ! Maintain this Gov-
ernment, and preserve the unity of our confeder-
ated empire! My voice to-day is for conciliation;
my voice is for compromise, and it is but the echo
of the voice of my constituents. I beg you, gen-
tlemen, who with me represent the Northwest;
you who with me represent the State of Ohio;
you who with me represent the city of Cincin-
nati—I beg you, gentlemen, to hear that voice.
If you will not; if you find conciliation impossi-
ble; if your differences are so great that you can-
not or will not reconcile them, then, gentlemen, let
the seceding States depart in peace; let them es-
tablish their government and empire, and work
out their destiny according to the wisdom which
God has given them.
My colleague [Mr. Staxton] said, the other
day, that war seemed inevitable. He said the
end of that war was dissolution and disunion, if
he said truly, if he judged wisely, in God's name,
