THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Tiiirty-Sixtii Congress, 2d Session.
FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 1, 1861.
New Series No. 42.
Resolutions of the State of Maine, in reference
to national affairs.
Resolutions of the State of Tennessee, in regard
to the pending national difficulties.
Resolutions of the State of New Jersey, on the
state of the Union.
A letter from the Secretary of the Interior,
transmitting a list of clerks, and other employes
of that Department—ordered at twelve o'clock
and twelve minutes.
A letter transmitting information in regard to
depredations committed by the Snake River In-
dians—ordered at twelve o'clock and thirteen min-
utes.
A letter from the Secretary of War, transmit-
ting copies of contracts with the War Depart-
ment for 18G0—ordered at twelve o 'clock and thir-
teen minutes.
Also, that the House had ordered, on the 29th
instant, the printing of the following documents:
A memorial of the Legislature of Minnesota,
for the improvement of the navigation of the Mis-
sissippi river, from the mouth of the Minnesota '
river to the Sauk rapids—ordered at twelve o'clock
and twenty-eight minutes.
A letter from the acting; Commissioner of Pat-
ents, transmitting, agreeably to the design of Con-
gress, as indicated by the appropriation of June
25, 18G0, " for the collection of agricultural sta-
tistics, investigations for promoting agriculture
and rural economy, and the procuring of cuttings
and seeds;" the agricultural portion of the Patent
Office report—orderedat twelve o'clock and twenty
minutes.
A letter from the acting Commissioner of Pat-
ents, transmitting the mechanical portion of the
Patent Office report—ordered atone o'clock and
twenty-eight minutes.
Also, that the House had ordered, on the 30th
nf January, the printing of a mcmoiial of a com-
mittee of workingmen of Philadelphia, asking the
adoption of Mr. Crittenden's resolutions.
STATE OF THE UNION.
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. President, I have re-
ceived a communication from Mr. A. A. Low,
James A. Gallatin, Peter Cooper, and others, who
are a committee of twenty-five citizens of New
York, who are charged with the duty of piescnt-
ing to the Senate of the United States the petition
of the inhabitants of that city, praying for the
exercise of the best wisdom of Congress in find-
ing some plan for the adjustment of the troubles
which disturb the peace and happiness and en-
danger the .safety of the nation. In compliance
with their request, I waive the reading of the me-
morial, and ask that the Senate will indulge me
with allowing to be read at the Secretary's desk,
the resolutions the committee have adopted in
regard to the views they desire to present. It is
very short.
The Secretary read, as follows:
Report of the spccial committee to a meeting at the roo?ns of
the Chamber of Commerce* Saturday, January 20, 1861.
The special committee to whom was assigned the duty
of (h£je>Ung unci presenting a pioper bajsts of action tor the
committee charged witli the presentation to Congies-> of
the memoiial of citizens of New York, piaying that such
measures may be adopted by Conriiesjs as will lestoie tran-
quillity and pcacc to our now districted country, beg leave
lpspectfiilly to leport:
That, since the last meeting of the memorial committee,
a ) ;£islative printed document has been received, stated
to embiace piopositions ioi an adjustment of pending dif-
ficulties between the noithetn and southern States, agreed
upon bv a committee ot the border States, including Deia-
waie, Mai viand, Vugima, Kentucky, Missouri, and North
Cniolma, lioni tlie South ; and New Jeisey, Pennsylvania,
Ohio, Indiana, ami Illinois, front the North. These piop-
ositions contemplate both acts of insolation and amend-
ments of the Constitution, and which, with some modifi-
cations and additions, aie in follows, and which the special
committee adopt as pait of this their report, winch they
submit lot the con.-ideiation of the memorial committee,
and ' e^pectfullv iccummeiul for their adoption at? the basi^
of their aetion under the memorial, and m furtherance
its objects.
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. President, exceptingllie
House of Representatives, this Senate Chamber
is the largest hull that is, or ever has been, occu-
pied by a legislative assembly since the world
bega,n. The memorial which I am charged to prc-
42
sent is of such a length that, if extended, it would
cross the Senate Chamber, in its extremest length,
eighteen times. I have already presented memo-
rials from the city of New York signed by citi-
zens of that place to the number of twenty-five
thousand. This memorial bears the signatures of
thirty-eight thousand more, making, in the whole,
sixty-three thousand of the inhabitants of that
city who have signed this appeal to the Senate.
The committee who have charge of this memorial
are a fair representation-*-! might almost say an
embodiment—of the citizens who direct and wield
the commerce of the great emporium of our coun-
try, the commerce of a continent, and a commerce
which this present year, owing to the distractions
of the times, is put, for the first time, in the con-
dition of proving itself to be the controlling com-
merce of the woild. The memorial which they
present may be regarded as a fair expression of
the interest which is felt by that great commer-
cial community, and probably a fair exponent of
the interest in the same great subject which is
felt by the whole commercial interest of the Uni-
ted States, in any other part of the world, such
a communication would command obedience, in
England, France, Russia, Prussia, or Germany,
a demonstration of the will of the commerce of the
country decides the questions of war or of peace.
Happily, sir, that !•=$ not the case in this great Re-
public. The interest of commerce is but one. The
interest ofagriculture, manufactures, and mining,
each of them, is another. Each is entitled to, and
each secures, equal respect: and the consideration
which they obtain is due, not to their number, not
to their wealth, but is due to the circumstances
under which they lend their advice to the Govern-
ment. But I do not hesitate to say that the char-
acter of these petitioners entitles them to the ie-
spcctful attention and conMdeiation of Congress.
They have asked me to support this petition.
I have not yet found, though I have anxiously
waited for and hoped for, that manifestation of
temper on the part of the people of the country
and their representatives which would justify me
in saying that the seceding States, or those who
sympathize with them, have made propositions
which the citizens of the adhering States could
accept; or, as i desire to speak with impartiality
upon this as on all other occasions, to put the
proposition in another form, that this or any other
of the various propositions which have come from
citizens of the adhering States, or those who de-
sire to adhere to the Union, would not be accept-
able and satisfactory to the other party. I have
thought it my duty to hold myselfopen and ready j
for the best adjustment which could be practi-
cally made; and I have therefore been obliged to
ask this committee to be content with the assur-
ance that I would express to the public and to
the Senate that the spnitin which they come is
perfectly commendable and perfectly satisfactory.
It is gratifying to ine to see that the proper spint,
the spirit of fraternal kindness, of conciliation and
affection, is adopted by so large a portion of my
fellow-citizens of the State to which 1 belong.
I have asked ihem, also, in leturn for peiform-
ing my duty on this occasion, that when they have
arrived at home, they will act in the same spirit
and manifest their devotion to the Union above ail
other interests and all other sentiments, by speak-
ing for the Union, by \otmg for the Union, and
lfit should be demanded, by lendin^and even giv-
ing their money for the Union, and lighting in the
last resort for the Union, taking care always that
speaking goes before voting, voting goes before
giving money,and all go before a battle, which 1
should regard as hazardous and dangerous, and
therefore the last, as it would be the most painful
^measure to be resorted to for the salvation of the
Union.
This is the spirit in which I have determined
foi myself to come up to tins great question, and
to pass through it, as I sincerely believe we shall
pass through it. For, although this great con-
troversy has not been already settled, 1 do not,
therefore, any the less calculate upon and hope
and expect that it will be peacefully settled, and
settled for the Union. I have not been so rash
as to expect that in sixty days, which have been
allowed to us since the meeting of Congress—and
I will be frank, sir, m saying that i have not
expected that in the ninety days which arc the
allotted term of Congress—this great controversy
would certainly be adjusted, peace restored, and
the Union firmly reestablished. I knew, sir, that
sixty days, or ninety days, was the term that was
fixed with definite objects and purposes by that
portion of my fellow-citizens who have thought
that it would consult the interests of the States
to which they belonged to dissever the Union.
I have not expected that reason and judgment
would come back to the people and become so
pervading, so universal, as that they would ap-
preciate the danger and be able to agree on the
remedies. Still, I have been willing that it should
be tried, though unsuccessfully; but my confi-
dence has remained the same,for this simple rea-
son: that as 1 have not believed that the passion
and frenzy of the hour could overturn this great
fabric of constitutional liberty andempire in ninety
days, so 1 have felt sure that there would be time,
even after the expiration of ninety days, for the
restoration of all that had been lost, and for the
reestablishmcnt of all that was in danger.
A great many and very various interests and
elements are brought into conflict in this sudden
crisis; a great many personal ambitions; a great
many sectional interests; and it would be strange
if they could all be accommodated and arranged
and harmonized, so as to admit and give full effect
to the one profoundest, strongest, and most en-
during sentiment or passion of the United States
—that of devotion to the Union. These, whether
you call them secession or revolution on the one
side, or coercion or defiance on the other, are all
to subside and pass away before the Union is to
become the grand absorbing object of interest,
affectum, and duty, upon the part of the citizens
of the United States. A great many partisan in-
terests arc to be repressed, suppressed, and to
give place—partisan interests expressed by the
Charleston platform, by the Baltimore platform,
by the Chicago platform, and by the popular sov-
ereignty platform—if indeed the Union is in dan-
gei and is to be saved; and with these interests,
and with these platforms, everybody standing
upon them or connected with thorn is to pass
away, if the Union is in danger and is to be saved,
before thcUmon can be saved. But it will require
a very short time, if this Union is in danger and
does requite to be saved, for all these interests
and all these platforms and all these men to dis-
appear. You and 1, and everybody who shall
oppose, resist, stand in the way of the preserva-
tion of this Union, will appear but as moths on
a summer eve, when the whirlwind of popular
indignation arises that shall be excited at the full
discovery that this Union is endangered through
faction, or even impracticability on our part.
I have hope, confidence, that all this is U come
around just as I have said, and quite soon enough;
because I perceive, although we may shut our
eyes to it, that the country and mankind cannot
shut their eyes to the tiue nature of this crisis.
There has been a real, a vital question in this
count! y for twelve years at least—a question of
slavery in the Territories of the United States.
It was strongest in us development in 1850, when
all the Pacific coast, and all the territory interven-
ing between it and the Louisiana purchase, was
tin own upon our hands all of a sudden for the
purpose of our organizing in them free and inde-
pendent republican governments as a basis of
future States. It has been an earnest, and, I regret
to say, an angiy controversy; but the admission
of Kansasinto the Union yesterday settled at least
all that was vital or important in the question,
leaving behind nothing but the passions which
the contest had engendered. Kansas is in the
Union; California and Oregon are in the Union;
and now the same contest divides and distracts
this Union for freedom and slavery m the Terri-
tories of the United States, just as before.
What is the extent of the Territories which
