1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
659
Mr. MASON. Then we have it definite, Mr.
President. I want to bring the honorable Sena-
tor, the exponent of the new Administration, to
the policy which is to be adopted. I understand
from him now, that remedies failing through the
Constitution by the conventions of the Status, his
recommendation is buttle and bloodshed to pre-
serve the Union; and his recommendation to his
people is that they shall contribute the money
which shall march the Army upon the South; for
what? To preserve the Union ? It is gone; itis
broken; there is no Union now in this country.
Those States that are out of the Union have broken
it as completely as if, instead of six or seven,
there were now all the fifteen slave States with
them; and if this battle is to be fought, it is to be
fought against them upon their own soil, for the
purpose of reducing them to colonics and depend-
encies. It cannot mean anything else. The hon-
orable Senator is too wise and experienced a
statesman, the honorable Senator knows too well
the construction and theory of this Government,
to think for one moment that when you have sub-
jugated the people of the States you have restored
the Union. No, sir 
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Fitch in
the chair.) The hour of one having arrived, it
becomes the duty of the Chair to announce the
special order.
Mr. MASON. I hope it will be postponed a
few minutes, to allow me to proceed.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It requires
unanimous consent. [" No objection."]
Mr. MASON. I want to speak of that. I want
to let my people in Virginia, who have offered
themselves as mediators to restore, if they could,
this broken Union, know what they are to expect
from the councils of those with whom the Sena-
tor from New York acts, as now developed.
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. President 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator from Virginia yield?
Mr. MASON. Certainly.
Mr. SEWARD. I look, sir, to no such con-
tingency as seceded States and a dissevered Union
I look to no such condition of things. The hon-
orable Senator and I differ in regard to the future.
He, with an earnest will and ardent imagination,
sees this country hereafter rent and dissevered,
and then recombined into separate confederacies.
I see no such thing in the future; but I do see,
through the return of reason and judgment to (lie
American people, a return of public harmony,
and the consolidation of the Union firmer than
ever before. The honorable Senator from Vir-
ginia can very easily see that we may differ m our
anticipations and expectations of the future, be-
cause we differ so much in regard to the actual,
living present. Here I am, sir, in the Union of
the United States, this same blessed, glorious,
nobly-inherited, God-given Union, in the Senate
Chamber of the United States, pleading for it,
maintaining it, and defending it.
The honorable Senator from Virginia says it is
gone, there is no Union; and yet he is here on
this same floor with me. Where, then, is he ? In
the Union or out of the Union? He is actually
present here; and in spite of himself, I hold him
to be still with myself in this glorious old Union.
I will not strain the remark, which he means to
put forth with candor and frankness. I therefore
assume that he infers that, because some other
Senatois were here a short time ago, his asso-
ciates and mine, and are not here now, but have
withdrawn, under circumstances known to the
world, and which, for obvious reasons, I refrained
from commenting on, therefore their States are
gone and the Union is gone with them. Sir, the
Senate Chamber is here; the States are here; the
Union is here still. Here they will all be—and
I expect that they will be in the exercise of public
reason, the free choice of these States—these
places all filled. If I contemplate in any case that
it may be necessary to fight for this Union, it is
because treason and sedition may arise, not alone
or only m a State of the South, but in States of the
North, anywhere and everywhere, be excited
and armed, so as to assail the Union; and when-
ever it shall come to that, whether it is in mf own
State or in any other State of the Union, then
I expect that whatever can be done—as I have
already indicated that all shall be dope which
reason can do—then I expect that what is right to
be done shall be done in the way 111 which treason
in the last resort is necessarily as well as lawfully
met.
Mr. MASON. Mr. President, giving the hon-
orable Senator the full advantage of his present
commentary upon the speech that preceded it, I
yet place before the American people the fact that
he proposes but one remedy, either to preserve
this Union or to restore it, and that is the ultima
ratio regvm.
Mr. SEWARD. Not to restore—preserve.
Mr. MASON. I will take his own language.
Let the facts be what they may, he presents but
one remedy—the argument of the tyrant—force,
compulsion, power. This is the only resort that
the honorable Senator has evinced, either in his
speech or in his commentary. He says he is for
punishing sedition and treason, whether it is found
m the South or in the North. That is the only
remedy that he proposes upon the existing facts,
lie takes no account of there being organized
political communities, claiming to be sovereign,
claiming to have resumed all sovereign power that
they had once delegated to this Confederacy, now
out of the Union; actually, completely outside,
with not a Federal officer within their limits; with
all Federal authority denied, abrogated; with laws
punishing as treason at home any obcdicnco to
authority abroad; and the honorable Senatorstill
says we know nothing of all that. It is the pur-
pose of the Government, as I understand him, to
ignore all that, as though it did notexist; and be
it one man or a local combination that are resist-
ing the laws, or be it three, or five, or ten mil-
lion people, who arc resisting the law, still it is
treason and sedition, and he knows of no remedy
but force!
Sir, I wanted to bring him to that point. I
wanted, of all others, that the people of my hon-
ored State of Virginia should know it, that the
scales should fall from their eyes, if any there are
there. 1 am aware of the miserable, puny, pusil-
lanimous attempt to hoodwink the minds and
judgment of that people by crying, "Peace,
peace," when there is no peace. I point them now
to the remedies proposed by the most potent in the
councils of the new Government, when it is to
come in. I point them to the four great remedies
that are to heal these breaches in the Union and
preserve it, to use the language of tho honorable
Senator. Speaking for it will not do; voting will
not do; because those men who are to be parties
to the voting are outside of the Union, and will
not vote. Money! money! How is money to
doit? The honorable Senator has disclosed it.
Not by demoralizing and subsidizing by bribery,
but using it as the sinews of war. Money is to
do it, and is to be contributed by the great com-
mercial city of New York, under the counsels of
the honorable Senator who represents them. Mon-
ey is to be contributed as the sinews of war, be-
cause the very next in the four acts nf the drama
that is to be enacted is battle, battle!
Now, sir, let my people understand this. If
there be any among them so puny as to be de-
luded by the idle efforts tocirculate papersamong
them, stating that "there are propositions for con-
stitutional amendment whicn will be carried—
propositions that will secure your rights in the
Union—be patient, like good children, and wait
your time"—if there be any among the man-
hood of the whole South, puny enough to be de-
ceived by such contrivances as those, I point them
to the words of tho honorable Senator, showing
that money and war are looked to to reduce them,
and these alone.
I know, Mr. President, it is, perhaps, an in-
firmity of my temperament to appear to exhibit
something like angry emotion, when 1 do not feel
it. I have none, sir; none. Men who arc upon
the eve of measuring swords conduct themselves
in a gentle mood to each other, and use no lan-
guage of menace, or of threat, far less terms of
indignity.
Sir, I trust wo may avoid the vltima ratio of the
Senator from New York. If it be m the provi-
dence of the speedy future that these slave States
are to confederate, and to form an independent
Government, with a nationality and a flag, an or-
ganization and an army and a navy and credit—
if that be reserved in the unspoken speedy future—
I trust that the good sense, the humanity, the
civilization, the regard for unborn posterity, will
lead the people, both North and South, to repu-
diate the counsels of the honorable Senator from
New York* I shall look to their good sense, their
humanity,their civilization, to interpose the broad
(Bgis of the popular will to avoid the only resort
that the honorable Senator looks to—that of force
and subjugation.
Sir, 1 have told gentlemen whom I have met
here from other States—honored and honorable
men, who have come as volunteers really upon a
niission of peace and tranquillity—that it was man-
ifest, in the state of facts now existing, there was
great and imminent danger of a collision between
the sections, and that all those who desired to
preserve the Union, in my judgment, should make
it the first and great work to avoid that collision,
and to avoid the civil war that must ensue when
men's minds really are heated to madness, when
passion usurps the throne of reason, and when
negotiation and deliberation are ended. Those
have been my counsels. What are those of the
honorable Senator from New York? Herewith
hostile Heetsandarmiesarrayed against each other
in two of the southern States; here when we are
in momentary expectation of hearing of a collis-
ion between them, what are the counsels of the
honorable Senator from New York? Speak for
the Union; vote for the Union; contribute money
for the Union; and, last of all, fight for the Union.
I repeat it, sir, I trust the good sense, the wis-
dom, the civilization, the humanity of the age,
will rescue this country'from the counsels of the
honorable Senator from New York.
But, Mr. President, they will have this effect
at least: if that potency which is ascribed to the
opinions of that honorable Senator, delivered and
pronounced in his place here as a Senator, belong
to him, it will admonish the people now meeting
in their sovereign capacity m convention in alt
the southern States, to let the delusion pass—the
idle delusion that they are to have any security
in this Government by amendments to the Con-
stitution. They are not only not proposed, but
they are denied and derided. We have now for
the first time distinctly shadowed forth that which
I confess, among others, I had seriously appre-
hended, that the counsels of the leaders would be
force, force. We have it now avowed—openly
avowed. I trust the scales will fall from their eyes.
I trust that in the free States, the non-slavehold-
ing States, there is a body of good men, of wise
and enlightened patriotism, freed sufficiently from
the shackles of party obligations to see the con-
sequences to which such counsels must load—a
war to restore this Union, or to preserve it, and
that they, men of sense in their generation, shall
be deluded into a war under the idle pretext that
they are only enforcing the laws and punishing
treason and sedition. I appeal to the free States,
the non-slaveholding States, to repudiate th vcoun-
sels of the Senator from New York and disown
them. If in the providence of God it is to result
that we arc to separate into two confederacies, i
trust that not the counsels of the honorable Sen-
ator from New York, but the counsels of peace
will prevail as the only counsels which can avert
that greatest of all calamities, a war between
brother and brother; a war which could conquer
a peace only in oceans of blood and countless mil-
lions of treasure. When the peace came, would
you find a free people > Would you find a people
capable of reconstructing the Government? No.
You would find a people subjugated and crouching
under the tread of the despot, and you would find
the warrior clad in arms with the money contrib-
uted under the counsels of the honorable Senator
from New York. That would be tho result of
war, and that is the only result to which such
counsels would lead.
Mr. Pesident, I earnestly trust, if, in despite of
those counsels and those efforts thatare now mak-
ing, under the mediation of the honored State
which I am here to represent, to restore harmony
and to restore agovernment, should fail, that there
is an enlightened patriotism m this country and
in all the States that will agree to a separation in
peace, and repudiate the counsels of the Senator
from New York.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Mr. President 
Mr. SEWARD. I hope the honorable Sena-
tor will indulge me in one word.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is the dutv
of the Chair to call up the special order at tins
hour, being the message of the President, trans-
mitting to the Senate certain resolutions of the
State of Virginia.
