*6
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL G-LOBE.
[January 21,
36th Cong.*..2d Sess.
State of the Union—Mr. Milkon.
Ho. ov Reps.
money to you for ycwir necessities, or for any
other objects, abuses you, the court is open.
Come before it, and you will have redress."
Does anybody imagine that a peon will be denied
redress, when it is remembered that he is a voter
in that Territory ? I am willing to trust the pres-
ent people of New Mexico to frame a constitu-
tion for State government, and trust the future
for all necessary amendment. If they do not
know how to do it, they are free to resort to im-
itation; and, I dare say, if they imitate us, we
must be satisfied they nave done the best they
could to produce a perfect system.
•Does any man suppose it is possible to com-
bine all the intellects which make up this Con-
gress, in both branches of it, so that all shall think
alike-in regard to a constitutional point? We
know how varying idiosyncracies give peculiar
character to the operations of the mind; we know
how inherent selfishness operates upon the weak-
nesses of men; but it is enough for us to know
that the South does believe that a great political
party intends to do it some wrong. Whether
there is any possibility of doing it, or any truth
in it or not, it is enough to know that the minds
of our brethren are disturbed, that their hearts are
sadat the prospect, and we ought to submit to
them such terms as will forever put it out of the
power of that party to do those imputed wrongs.
And now let it be understood by our southern
brethren that we have constitutional ideas upon
this subject, which it is impossible to eradicate
from our minds; and that, since we do differ, and
that difference is concentrated, so far as this insti-
tution of slavery is concerned, upon the Territory
•of New Mexico, the North generously offers to
put that Territory immediately under their con-
trol, with the institution of slavery now fixed
there, to be continued or not, as the constitution
made by the people shall ordain. Whether it
remain there one or five years, or be driven out,
is with the people, who are left free to adopt or
reject it. And if you should protect slavery there
far tan years to come, every year you would find
more white population from the free States there
than would come from all the slave States. Why?
Because it. is not a Territory adapted to the system
of slavery which exists in the old sla\e States.
But it is the best and only Territory we have to
offer. It is all wc can give.
And I now ask you, men of the South, why do
you want to go there at all? You have not slave
labor enough. In no quarter of the globe is there
such a demand for labor as there is m the south-
ern section of this Union now for slave labor. Be-
fore this present unhappy state of our affairs had
reduced tnp value of every thing m the country,
a negro, which only a few years ago was worth
$400, was worth from twelve to fifteen hundred,
and yet, in the language of one of your eminent
men, .you declare that you must expand or die.
How is it that this delusion has been fastened upon
you ? The statistics of your country and the price
of your negroes should have told you that you
have not negroes enough for the cultivation of
your soil, and that you will not, in the natural
course of increase, have negroes enough for fifty
years to come, to work the territory you already
possess. How, then, could you occupy New
Mexico?
I have been examining with some care into the
present condition of the southern country. I
nave sought information from those who ought
to know; I have been advised by gentlemen of
the South, and I have regulated my judgment en-
tirely by theirs. In the State of Texas alone there
are three hundred million acres of land. I am
informed by a gentleman who has explored that
State thoroughly, that one third of that entire
quantity of land can be profitably occupied in
cultivating cotton. Another gentleman has told
me, that not more than one fourth could be so culti-
vated. I have taken the latter statement as my
basis of calculation. That would give seventy-
five million acres of land in Texas which can be
profitably cultivated with slave labor. How many
million negroes have you now? Not quite four
million, counting men, women, and children.
Now, I am told by those gentlemen that one good
hand in Texas is equal" to the production of five
bales of cotton. The whole product of cotton in
this country now amounts to about four million
of bales. Every acre of this land in Texas will
produce one bale.
Therefore, if the cotton lands alone of Texas
are cultivated hy slave labor, they would produce
seventy-five million bales of cotton; and that they
will do whenever the market of the world demands,
and you can get labor enough to produce that
amount. Ami mistaken in this? There lies the
land open to the sun, spreading out its bosom to
you, men of the South, inviting you to come with
your slaves, and make these acres white with
cotton fields. But where will you get your slave
labor from for all this ? If seventy-five million
bales of cotton be made, with an average of five
bales to a hand, you will want fifteen million
workinghandsinTexas to produce them. Now,
out of a family of negroes, you will not get, on
an average, more than one working hand in three;
two out of three being children or the decrepit
and aged. So that, for every working hand, you
have two others, who are not considered hands.
Then, when you shall have, in the ordinary in-
crease of negroes in this country, fifteen million
working hands in Texas, you will have forty-five
million slaves there. Now you have only four
million in all the United States, and yet you think
you are ready to suffocate for want of room.
You want cotton fields to work. There they
are; but where are the slaves to work them
with ?
Now, I take it for granted that Georgia, Mis-
sissippi, Alabama, Tennessee, and Arkansas, are
not occupied as they might be with slavery, and
I believe that those five States, if well cultivated,
would be equal at least to one fourth of the unoc-
cupied cotton territory of Texas. Then you would
have one hundred million acres of land to be worked
by slave labor. Then, supposing that each hand
produces five bales of cotton, you will perceive
that you will want nearly twenty million working
hands, which would give you a negro population
of&bout sixty million, counting men, women, and
children. Now you have only four million; but
you suffocate and. choke, and must expand or die;
so you say!
If, in these things, I have been mistaken, south-
ern men have been mistaken. In the face of these
statistics, can you present to the civilized world—
or to the barbarian world—a well-founded neces-
sity for the expansion of slave territory? Look*
at the eighteen million white men who occupy
the free States, as well as the territory north of
36° 30'. There wc have eleven persons to asquaic
mile; while you have only nine. But you seem
not to care for the suffocation of white men. Ter-
ritory must be conquered for slavery, when there
is a demand for sixty million slaves in the coun-
try now opened to you, without £oing to New
•xico at all. Is it not so? What, then, arc
we quarreling about? What are we to divide
for?
But it is proposed that we shall insert in our
proposition to amend the Constitution, that this
line of 36° 30' shall gird the globe, and that all
south of it sluill be open to slavery; and by this
proposed amendmentshivcry is fixed there, wheth-
er the people you acquire wish it or not. Every
one who looks upon the map knows that it means
the conquest of Mexico, and all the small Repub-
lics in southern America. One of our Mexican
acquisitions is now the very accursed cause of our
ruin; and yet you covet another, is not this the
very madness of the moon? You have four mil-
lion negroes now,and youmust increase the num-
ber to sixty million before you can want room
for slave labor. Fifty years hence you will not
be able to supply slaves enough to meet the rea-
sonable demand for slave labor in the present
slave States; yet you will ponder and speculate
upon your condition as it may possibly be half a
century to come; and unless your dreams are ac-
cepted as truths note, and provision made for you
half a century to come, you rush madly on the
destruction of yourselves, and not yourselves
only, but the final destruction and overthrow of
the bestGrovrrnment known among men,and the
extinction of the fairest hope yet piescntcd to the
longing hearts of a world.
Mr. Speaker, i shall say nothing more now on
I ho subject before us. I have omitted all reference
to several recommendations of the committee. I
leave their vindication, if it be wanted, to others.
I shall not follow the example of some, who lift
the curtain which conceals the quick coming
future from us. I have no wish to explore the
gloomy prospect they have held up to us. I will
not now encounter the grim specters of despair
they present. I will not, I cannot, anticipate that
future, and walk forth among the broken arches,
the ruined towers, and prostrate columns of this
glorious temple of fVeedom, in which the tribes of
the South and the North have so long worshiped
in peace and joy and brotherly love. That temple
still stands in all its grand proportions; but it
stands alone. Wander overall the earth, and you
will find no other like it. 1 will not believe that the
blows aimed at it, however numerous or power-
ful, shall cause it to rock or reel. I will hope, as
they who built it prayed and hoped, that it shall
stand forever, as it now stands, on its own solid
and deep foundations.
STATE OF THE UNION.
SPEECH OF HON. JNO. S. MILLSON,
OF VIRGINIA,
In the House of Representatives,
January 21, 1861.
The House having under consideration the report from
the select committee of thirty-three—
Mr. MILLSON said:
Mr. Speaker: I feel that I ought not to be silent
in this debate. Great events are happening every
day. Great questions are every day presented for
our decision. I have some views to submit; I do
not know how sound they arc, howjust they are;
but this I know, that if we would all frankly and
fairly express our real sentiments, without any
weak concession to what we believe to be error,
for the sake of conciliatingan adverse sentiment,
this collision of opinion would be apt to strike
out the truth. '
Mr. Speaker, we have a grave controversy, and
I acknowledge the obligation to approach its dis-
cussion in a temperate and conciliatory spirit. I
will imitate the temper and moderation—1 cannot
equal the eloquence—of the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Corwin] who has just closed his speech. I
will say nothing that may rankle the prejudices of
any political party. Sir, I have, perhaps, as fre-
quently and as earnestly as any of my colleagues,
combated the positions assumed by our political
opponents from the northern States. But this is
no time for altercation and recrimination, and I
have no purpose now of reviving those discus-
sions.
Sir, what was the state of things which led to
the formation of the committee whose report we
<ire now considering? The Union in imminent
danger of dissolution ! The Government threat-
ened with overthrow ! Is it desirable to preserve
the Union? Do we want the Union to continue
such as the Constitution made it? Does any man
say no? Sir, I know there are some gentlemen
who do not desire a continuance of the American
Union. There are others, perhaps, who would
not acknowledge a wish to destroy it, yet. regard
the dread results of a dissolution of the Union with
a degree of lightness which, to me, is absolutely
shocking. Yes, sir, the worst sign of all is the
levity with which the whole subjectis viewed by
many of those upon whom the people have de-
volved the responsibility of administering their
affaus. They do not seem to understand thediead
significance of the proposed disruption of our
Government. Sir, 1 do not expect the statesmen
of the present day to attain to the wisdom of the
founders of our Constitution; but I did suppose
they might at least aspire to the capacity of com-
prehending its results. One ignorant of the mech-
anism of a watch, and incapable of putting its
parts together, might still admire it when done,
and understand its uses. But some of those to
whom is assigned only the humble duty of keeping
it going, seem to be so unconscious of its objects
that they would break it into pieces to escape the
annoyance of its ticking. If there be those here
who desire the dissolution of the Union as an end,
as a consummation to be wished, I have no argu-
ment to make to them.
If the Union is to continue, is it desirable that
there shall be a reconciliation of the differences
