1861,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
661
wanted no concession. It presented tome a pain-
ful, and yet not unusual, illustration of the fact
that extremes often meet. Extremes North and
South often meet, and unite in resisting the efforts
of the friends of Union, of conccssion, of concil-
iation, and of harmony, when their joint efforts,
though prompted by different motives, lead to the
same end—inevitable disunion, now and forever.
i was pained again this morning when the hon-
orable Senator from New York made a speech,
conciliatory and patriotic, showing every desire
lo have these matters amicably arranged, if pos-
sible, that, instead of being met m the spirit in
which it was offered, his advance was again re-
pelled, as if' th«re was alarm and fear lest reason,
moderation, and justice mi ht return, and the
Union men, north and south—the conservative
men—might possifcjy agree upon some basis of
settlement. 1 have not been able to conceal from
my eyes .that there are gentlemen on tins side of
the Chamber who do not want any settlement.
1 saw it th'i other day when the vote was taken
on substituting the proposition of the Senator from
New Hampshire [Mr. Claiik.1 for that of the Sen-
ator from Kentucky. The extremists on the other
side received some aid from extreme men on this
side by affirmative votes, and still more assist-
ance by men on this side retaining theirseatsand
refusing to vote> thus permitting the proposition
of the Senator tiom New Hampshire to be adopted
in consequence of their refusal to vote against it,
and instantly sitting down at their tables and
writing and sending off teh graphic dispatches that
there was no hope, because the Black Republicans
had voted down the proposition of the Senator
from Kentucky! 1 have witnessed these things
hem with pain; but it is no longer worth while to
conceal from ourselves the fact that the extremists
on this side and on the other side are in concert,
fiorn different motives, to defeat a settlement.
Mr. MASON. Will the Senator allow me to
ask whether, when he says (< concert," he means
consultation ?
Mi. DOUGLAS. Not at all. I mean that both
desire to d^fecu an adjustment: and, in my opin-
ion, each side know or behove that if they defeat
an adjustment, disunion is inevitable, and both
desire disunion in preference to a compromise;
and hence, when one sees that he can accomplish
his objcct by acting auxiliary to the other, we
perceive united action, id though they are governed
by different motives, and act without express con-
sultation. That is what 1 mean. I impugn no
man*s motives.
Mi. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Will the Sen-
ator allow mo to ask him a question?
Air. DOUGLAS. Certainly.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Aikansas. I think the
Senator js ogregiously misrepresenting those. Sen-
tors who declined to vote upon that proposition,
and i am not disposed to sit here an I listen to
what he snys without asking for another explan-
ation. The Senate) himself, when a member of
the committer ot thirteen, was one of those who
were in.-annneiuu! m adopting the rule under
which tiny aeied,ai>d by whieh it was, undoubt-
edly , i< qun< d that, m order to adopt any pi opo-
sition, it should poeure the vou-s of those who
were dj\id« d in opinion, representing the differ-
ent semons of th   Senate; ihat represented the
diffeient porties m this country. Was there con-
cert of action there •  The Senator says there was
concert of action on the pai t of those Senators
here who refused to vote upon the amendment to
the proposition of the Senator from Kentucky—
that is h i& statement—and allowed the Republican
paity, by thin own votes, to carry the proposi-
tion of the Senator from New Hampshire, [Mr.
Clailk.] The Senator notes not the fact that there
was exhibited on tha' occasion a unanimous vote
of the Republican party, showing the drift of the
whole ot ihemN nor does he allude to the after
votes that were canton the reconsideration, when
two of them changed their position; hut, finding it
unnecessary, went back to their original ground,
and theaj they have stood, and there they intend
to stand as long they can over the wreck of the
South. [Manifestations of applause m the galle-
ries.] 1* that the 4< concert" he alludes to ? The
Senator appeals to have national views, and 1 ■
hope he will place no one m a false position. Is j
the Senator himself goins: to pass this over under ;
this euise, and throw a deceptive view, and a de- |
cepuve conception of the whole matter out upon i
the public mind, and do it under the plea of at-
tacking four or five Senators here who declined to
vote, and declined for the distinct reason that they
intended to know the sentiment of the other side;
and as that sentiment could be triumphant out-
side, to permit them to take the consequences of
success inside of this Chamber? Does not the
Senator know that? And does the Senator give a
fair consideration to this side in the view which
lie is now submitting? He does not.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Mr. President, I did not
know—of course I had no means of knowing—
what may have been the motives of each individ-
ual Senator who retained his seat and declined to
vote; but I did know, and was bound to take cog-
nizance of the fact, that their declining to vote
caused the proposition of the Senator from New
Hampshire to be adopted by the Senate as a sub-
stitute for that of the Senator fiom Kentucky,
and that it never could have passed but by their
refusal to vote; and I do know that the substitu-
tion of that amendment was telegraphed all over
the country as evidence that there was no hope
of concession or of settlement in this body.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Will the Sen-
ator again allow me?
Mr. DOUGLAS. Certainly.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. There can have
been no deception there, I humbly submit.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I am not charging deception.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, No deception
was there practiced. The impression that there
is no hope of an adjustment, has been derived
from the action in this Chamber, and there is not
a man here who is not conscious of the fact.
Mr. DOUGLAS. The Senator is entirely mis-
taken if he thinks there is no hope arising from
this Chamber.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. None, sir.
Mr. DOUGLAS. The Senator may have none.
I have hope; and I trust that hope will never de-
sert my heart. 1 never intend to give up the hope
of saving this Union as long as there is a j ay left.
I believe that! see indications now whieh are be-
coming stronger every day, of a desire to preserve
the peace of this country, and thereby save the
Union. I think no man proposes to save it by
war I suppose that every Senator feels that war,
no matter how long it may continue, or how brief
it may be, must result, whenever the war ceases,
in disunion, and in final separation.
Now, sir, why should we not settle this ques-
tion? The Senator from New York has shown
us that the contest has gone on for twelve years;
he has assumed that during those twelve years
the South have had control of the Government,
and given every possible protection to slavery in
the Territories; and yet they have only succeeded
in planting twenty-four slaves in all the Terri-
tories—Territories twenty-four times as large as
the State of New York. Do not these facts show
the utterfaliaey of this Government attempting to
plant slavery where the climate is adverse and the
people do not want it; and the utter folly of the
other side of the Chamber bringing this country
to the very verge of disunion in order to prohibit
slavery where the power of the Government could
not make it exist ?
This statement of facts shows conclusively that
there is nothing practical m the question; that the
demand for prohibition is unnecessary for the pur-
poses for which it is set forth; that the demand
for protection by this Government is utterly un-
availing, even when you have the power in your
own hands to carry it to the extreme. Why
break up the Union upon an abstraction that has
no practical results in it? Why cannot the one
side give up its demand for prohibition, and the
other for protection, and adopt an amendment to
the Constitution m these words: " Congress shall
have no power to legislate upon the subject of do-
mestic servitude anywhere,except to perform its
duties under the Constitution in respect to fugi-
tives from seivice, and the prohibition of the Af-
rican slave trade?" Do that, and you will have
peace; do that, and the Union will last forever;
do that, and you do not extend slavery one inch,
nor circumscribe it one inch; youdonot emanci-
pate a slave, and do not enslave a freeman. The
piacttcal result will be the same, so far as the sla-
very question is concerned, and this Union will
last forever.
Mr. President, I will not occupy the time of the
Senate; but 1 ask the unanimous consent of the
Senate to lay on the table an amendment, which
1 shall hereafter propose to the territorial bill
which the Senator from Missouri [Mr. Green]
called up yesterday, and that an order be made to
print it. I presume there will be no objection to
that.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill to
which the Senator from Illinois offers an amend-
ment is now the unfinished business.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I ask unanimous consent to
have the amendment printed.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is unanimous
consent given? ["Yes."] What disposition will
the Senate make of the bill?
Mr. GREEN. Let it pass over.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will be
passed over informally.
Mr. HALE. Mr. President 
Mr. LATIIAM. I think 1 am entitled to the
floor.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from New Hampshire is entitled to the floor.
Docs the Senator from New Hampshire yield to
the Senator from California?
Mr. LATHAM. I want to make a motion 
Mr. HALE. I am willing to give u up for a
minute.
Mr. LATHAM. Yesterday, I made a motion
to make the President's special message on the
Virginia resolutions the special order for to-day,
at one o'clock; on which I was entitled to the
floor. Of course, I gave way cheerfully to hear
the distinguished Senators who have addressed
this body to-day. I now move, because 1 see that
this discussion is going to be protracted—the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire [Mr. Hale] and the
Senator from Texas [Mr. Wigfall] both want
to address the Senate in immediate connection
with what has been said—that the special order,
on which I expected to address the Senate, be
postponed until to-morrowat one o'clock. I think
it is proper that I should have that courtesy ex-
tended to me.
Mr. BRAGG. To-morrow is private bill day.
Mr. LATHAM. Then say Saturday at one
o'clock.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is moved
that the Ptesident's message transmitting the res-
olutions of the General Assembly of Virginia be
taken up.
Mr. LATHAM. I withdraw that motion.
Senators around me think I had better go on to-
day; and I may as well speak to-day as to-mor-
row.
Mr. DOUGLAS. 1 must then make the point
whether the Senator from California is notentitled
to the floor. He yielded to me. I was called to
order, and the floor refused to me until he yielded
it. He yielded to me only; and if the Chair was
right in denying the floor to me without his con-
sent, he will bo right in denying it to the Senator
from New Hampshire without the consent of the
Senator fiom California.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
state that he announced the special order, as was
lus duty, at one o'clock. There was unfinished
business which took precedence; and unless some
motion was made and carried to postpone the un-
finished business, that, of course, was before the
Senate. No such motion was made. The Sen-
ator fiom California could not, therefore, take tho
floor upon the special order without a motion to
postpone the unfinished business.
Mr.GREEN. 1 suggested that the unfinished
business 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
state further, that he understands, by unanimous
consent, the unfinished business has been inform-
ally passed by. The special order, therefore, is
now before the Senate; and upon that the Senator
from California has the floor. The Chair, how-
ever, recognized the Senator from New Hamp-
shire, supposing he was about to make some
motion in relation to the order of business.
Mr. HALE. Well, sir 
Mr. MASON. I thought the Chair decided
that the special order was up.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The special
order is before the Senate, unless some other dis-
position of business be made.
Mr. HALE. What is the special order?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Presi-
dent's message, transmitting the Virginia resolu-
tions.
