so
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 22,
36ih Cong....2d Sess.
State, of the Union—Mr. Bingham.
Ho. of Reps.
dent in British history, which occurred at a period
somewhat subsequent to the passage of Lord Ers-
kine's bill, when Great Britain, not bound to
Prance by the intimate ties that connect the States
of the American Union, still prosecuted to con-
viction Peltier, a French emigrant, for libel pub-
lished in England against the character of the
French consul. The case, no doubt, is familiar
to the recollection of all, as there arc few who
have'not read the magnificent oration ofSir James
Mackintosh, in defense of the accused. Surely,
sir, duties admitted to be obligatory upon neigh-
boring nations, should have a controlling obliga-
tion among the States of this Union.
' There are some other measures included in the
report of the committee of thirty-three, to which I
regret to say thatl cannot, without some amend-
ment, give my approval. I shall not be able to
vote for the bill proposing certain amendments to
the existing fugitive slave law. I will not go into
a detailed discussion of the provisions of that bill,
but content myself by saying that I believe some
of its provisions will be found to be exceedingly
cumbrous in practice. I allude particularly to
that giving the slave a jury trial before a Federal
judge in the State from which he fled. For that
reason, as well as for some other objections to
the bill, I must give my vote against it.
And now, sir, having stated that I am only
speaking merely to mark my sense of the cour-
tesy of the House in extending my time, I must
bring my remarks to a close. The different prop-
ositions reported by the committee of thirty-three
will be voted upon in the House, I suppose, sep-
arately. For some of them I shall vote with a
great deal of pleasure. I shall vote with great
pleasure for the recommendation that the Consti-
tution be so amended as to provide that no amend-
ment shall ever be made authorizing any inter-
ference with slavery in the States, except with
the consent of all the States of the Union.
I can only renew the expression of my regret
that there were no other recommendations for ad-
ditional constitutional guarantees. The times re-
quire them, Mr. Speaker. The sensitiveness of
the southern mind would render them proper,
even if all the fifteen slave States were still a part
of our Union. But it must be recollected that
some of them have withdrawn. How many more
may retire, no man can foresee. The mere material
strength of the remaining southern States is di-
minished by the number of withdrawals of Sena-
tors and Representatives. There will naturally
be more disquietude among the southern people
on that account. There was a reasonable expecta-
tion that some guarantees might be extended be-
yond the present; for, whatever credit may be
given to the assurances now urged by members
of the presbnt Republican party, yet even they
cannot pledge their successors. They cannot un-
dertake to say what may be the condition of so-
ciety and of the country at some future day, or
what may be the sentiment of the districts they
now represent. There was a reasonable expecta-
tion, therefore, that all parties would demand sonic
definite guarantee that might preclude future con-
troversy; that some stipulation should be made,
not altering the Constitution, becausc we main-
tain that what we claim now is already 111 the
Constitution, but some stipulation by which there
should be an attempt, at least, to end forever the
controversy that has so long unhappily disturbed
the country. Gentlemen, we do not speak to you
as a minority, seeking to propitiate a majonty.
Remember that we now are the majority, or were
until the withdrawal of some of the southern
States. We are in power. You have the Pres-
ident of your choice in the executive chair, but
that is all; and he is there curbed and controlled
by our Constitution and our law. Even as com-
mander-in-chief of the Army and Navy, he can
do nothing except what our laws require and
authorize him to do.
We are, then, the party of influence, the party of
power. You never have had a majority, even in
this House, since I have been a member of it.
In the last twelve years you never have had a
majority, even in the House of Representatives,
sustaining the Republican doctrines in regard to
'territorial policy. We, then, stand on the existing
laws, on the existing Constitution. That Con-
stitution, as we understand it, as we interpret it,
is upheld by the decrees of the Supreme Court of
the country. We do not, then, come to you as
suppliants. We are not deprecating the exercise
of your power, for you do not possess it. We
say to you, for your sakes as well as for ours:
" Let there be an end to this controversy." There
is nothing practical to contend for. If you do not
want slavery in the Territories, it is not there,
and it cannot be got there. There is no southern
man who desires to go into Territories south or
Territories north, with slaves. But who can tell—
you cannot tell—what may be the temper and
spirit of a majority at some future day? Who
can tell whether they may not exercise their power
insultingly, and only to do violence to the sensi-
bilitiesof the people of the South? Remotethough
it may be, they should be secured against that
danger; and I cannot conceive what objection
there can be to the insertion in the Constitution
of such plain stipulations as may forever put to
rest this agitating question. Sir, this would be
the plain duty of all patriotic citizens.
I will not permit myself to indulge in specula-
tions as to the rise or fall of parties; but I may
be permitted to express my belief that if this
be not acceded to by the members of the present
Republican party, the patriotism of the American
people, North and South, will compel this settle-
ment of the controversy, not only for the sake of
the people of the South, but for the sake of the
peace and quiet ofthe country, and for the general
interests and common welfare of all. But this
cannot be done in a week or a month. The great
danger now is from the impatience of our own
people.
Sir, I cannot penetrate the dismal future before
us. Whether this great Government is to be pre-
served or destroyed, whether this Union is to be
maintained or dissolved, whether peace is again
to spread her wings over us, or whether we are
to be exposed to all the horrors of a desolating
civil war, I cannot undertake to divine. I know
how strong are the inducements to peace. I know
that your welfare and mine, that the interests of
the North, as well as those of the South, demand
peace, continued peace.
Even if there be an overthrow of the Govern-
ment, even if there be a dissolution ofthe Union,
still the States might assemble themselves in gen-
eral convention; and, if they cannot live peacea-
bly together, let them determine peaceably to sep-
al ate. I look upon the: waging of war now, not
merely as a violation of the Constitution, but as
a crime against humanity. There may be war;
I fear there will be war. It is rare that a mortal
man dies, except in agonizing throes and convul-
sions. And when a Government like this; a first
class power of the earth; a Republic of more than
thirty millions; the young giant of the New World,
when such a Government dies, in the full vigor
of its strength, a sudden and a violent death, can
it be supposed that it will exhale its breath calmly
and tranquilly? Sir, my fears arc active—so ac-
tive that I should feel I was committing a great
crime against conscience, against my country, and
against God, if 1 could permit myself, at an exi-
gent moment like this, to attempt to add to the
excitement now unhappily existing, by any word
of anger or passion. I have tried to discuss the
question fairly and frankly. I have tried to pre-
sent my views, as those of one reared in the school
of State-rights politics, ready to maintain every
right and interest of my State, and believing that I
am maintaining her best rights and dearest inter-
ests when I seek to warn her against the calami-
ties and dangers which some she counts her friends
would expose her to. I lurve stood here repelling
every aggression on her rights, every invasion of
her constitutional privileges. I have surrendered
nothing. I have consented at 110 time to any
compromise or abatement of her just claims. That
which belongs to her 1 have insisted upon. In the
very first speech it was my fortune to make in the
hall of the House of Representatives, eleven years
ago, I said, about this same controversy and the
Constitution, which I thought furnished the means
by which that controversy could be ended, that 1
asked nothing which the Constitution did not se-
cure to us; but I demanded everything which it
did. That, sir, is my position now; and in urg-
ing the propriety of new stipulations in the Con-
stitution, I only urge, not that there shall be any
extension of rights, any addition of privileges, but
that there shall be the insertion of plain, simple
stipulations, declaring that those rights and priv-
ileges are what they have been decided to be by
the Supreme Court, which the gentleman from
Ohio said was intended to be a tribunal for settling
forever all diluted points of constitutionality.
But, sir, though my fears are active, I do not per-
mit myself altQgether to despair. The Union may
yet be preserved. The Union may yet be recon-
structed. It is in the power of the people of this
country, by a judicious, wise, moderate course,
not only to allay the apprehensions of thoseof the
slaveholding States that still remain in the Union,
but to induce the return of those who have already
withdrawn from it. Sir, I hope they may do so. I
hope that harmony may be once more restored.
I hope the American people will recollect the agi-
tations of the present day only as things that were;
and that the historians of the last times, looking
back through long ages to this period of the Union
of the American States, may write of it as the
epoch when it only commenced to be.
STATE OP THE UNION.
SPEECH OF HON. J. A. BINGHAM,
OF OHIO,
In the House of Representatives,
January 22, 1861.
The House having under consideration the report from
the select committee of thjrty-tliree—
Mr. BINGHAM said:
Mr. Speaker: No man can regret more than I .
do the fact that there is conspiracy in the Capitol,
and wido-spreadconspiracy in the country, against
the Constitution, the Union, and the laws. For
one, I am ready to say, that neither partisan feel-
ing, nor pride of opinion, nor the prejudices or
passions of the hour, shall deter me from an earn-
est support of any and all just legislation essen-
tial to the supremacy of the Constitution and the
maintenance ofthe Union. But, sir, it is in vain
to endeavor to save the Constitution by a sacrifice
of the great principles which underlie it, and
which constitute its life. 1 cannot, and will not,
under any pressure, support any measure which
shall involve such a sacrifice. No, sir; I stand
here to-day for the Constitution as it is. I stand
to-day with millions of my countrymen of every
section of the Republic for the Constitution as it
is. By all the dread memories ofthe past, by all
the felt enjoyments of the present, by all the cher-
ished hopes of the future, we are commanded to
maintain intact and inviolate that matchless form
of civil polity—the Constitution of our common
country; that country which has but one Consti-
tution; that country which embraces every rood
of the Republic—the East, with its loclc-bound
coast and its consecrated battle-grounds; the
North, with its Keystone and its Empire States;
the West, the boundless W< st, with its great riv-
ers and inland seas, with its oxhaustless hidden
treasures and its fertile plains, now numbering:
ten*imllion freemen, and soon, I trust in the good
providence of God, to number one hundred mil-
lion freemen; and the South, the beautiful,sunlit
South, with its gallant, generous, but misled and
distracted people, with us sacred traditions and
its holygraves,thescpulehers of our dead heroes,
dead patriots, and dead statesmen. What arc all
these several sections but parts of our common
country—that country which the common her-
itage of every citizen of the Republic, whether
native or adopted, and into every part of which,
under the Constitution, every citizen has the right
to go, and there enjoy all the privileges and im-
munities of an American citizen, without let or
hinderance from any local State government, or
from any secession convention or lawless mob?
But, sir, notwithstanding the clear guarantee
of the Constitution to every citizen, however
humble, that he shall beat liberty to go, under
the protection of the laws, cverywheie within the
jurisdiction ofthe Federal Constitution,intoevery
State, into every county and hamlet and city of
the Union, upon every water course, upon every
sea, all round the globe wherever your flag floats;
yet, day by day it is proclaimed here and m the
other end of the Capitol that this guarantee of the
