666
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 30,
never ordained and established. A compact has
been entered into by individuals which the States
never agreed to; and as a party which disregards
the Constitution, which has a higher law than the
oaths which they swear upon this floor, has pos-
session of this Government; as our rights, our
Jives, and our liberties are unsafe; and because I
believe this Union to be the best form of Govern-
ment that the ingenuity of man ever established,
I am in favor of the Stales withdrawing as they
came into the Union, one after the other, each for
itself and by itself, and taking this same Consti-
tution and establishing it between partners, who
will observe their faith and their oaths.
When I talk about bein^ for the Union, I do
not use senseless and meaningless terms. 1 mean
just what I say: that I am for a Government that
is established, not by individuals, not by social
compacts, but by States or political communities
in which each State or political community keeps
control of its own domestic affairs, but intrusts
to a common Government or agency the manage-
ment of its foreign affairs. That is the Govern-
ment that was formed in 1787; and that sort of
government I am for now. For that sort of Gov-
ernment I shall always hereafter be. That sort
of government, I trust in God, will be formed next
Monday at Montgomery; and I only regret that
the State of Texas will not be in a condition on
that day to become one of the parties to that com-
pact. If that be treason, if being in favor of the
Union and wishing to preserve that Union be a
sin, then have I sinned most grievously. But I
do not bear with much patience that men whose
conduct, politically, whose votes, and whose
speeches, have created most of the antagonism
and irritation between the two sections of the coun-
try, shall come here and taunt me as being in favor
of the destruction of the country which I am sworn
to preserve as long as my State lives in it.
Now let us sec whether the Senator's specific,
whether his sarsaparilla, will curc whatis the diffi-
culty. I have always understood that it was a
well settled principle, long before the days of the
Declaration of Independence, that Governments
were instituted for the benefit of the governed;
and that the purpose of organizing Governments
was the protection of life, liberty, and property.
That I have understood to be the case. The Sen-
ator from Illinois wishes us to establish a Federal
Government that does not protect property. That
is the proposition after you have bolted it to the
bran—a Government that is not to protect prop-
erty. If he would say that as to all species and
kinds of property, that when a cargo of goods
left Massachusetts to sail for Louisiana, and got
three marine leagues upon the high seas, any
pirate, or cruiser, sailing even under a regular
flag, could seize upon that vessel and confiscate
the goods; if ho will say that, then I understand
that, while his rule is a bad one, it works equally
to all sections. But neither he nor any other man
lias ever proposed that. It is only one species of
property that is to iiave the ban put upon it.
That species of property is the sort that we in
the southern States own—negro property. That
is to be branded; that is to be tabooed; that is not
to be protected: and we are asked then to be
satisfied. I say to the Senator from Illinois, I
say to the Senator from New York, and to the
Senator from New Hampshire, and to all those
sitting upon that side, that we will never be con-
tented with any such adjustment as that.
The Union is now dissolved. Six States are
out of the Union. One more is probably out, or
certainly will be within a few days. Other States
may or may not secede. I am no prophet, nor
the son of a prophet. But those States will never
come back and confederate with you, except upon
equal terms. You have denounced us upon the
stump; you have denounced us in your pulpits;
you have, following the instructions and sugges-
tions of the Senator from New York, educated
your children to hate us. We have been tabooed.
We have been treated worse than that. You have
used savage practices, and then brought in all the
cruelties of the Church. We have been marched,
with your Dominicans before and behind us, to the
auto-da-fe. You have gone back, and you have
unburied the dead; and you have put the Father
of his Country, as you call him, the immortal
Washington, in a collin painted with devils; and
you have marched us, the living and the dead,
fcefore the civilized world thus branded, and be-
cause of our institutions. These are facts. Wash-
ington has been denounced in the northern States
from one end to the other as a scoundrel by your
free-negro free-soiler.
You expect that we will come back under these
circumstances because the u great principle5' is to
be carried out. I say to you, Senators, on both
sides, so far as the State and the people, which I
in part represent, arc concerned, that they come
back not upon any such terms as those. We say
that man has the right to own property in man.
We say that our slaves are our property. We
say that it is the duty of every Government to
protect property everywhere. While we refuse
protection to your property nowhere, we claim
protection to our property everywhere. The hon-
orable Senator from Virginia spoke truly when he
said, we ask no concessions. We ask nothing but
that which is in the compact. We ask nothing but
that which is in the Constitution itself. The Con-
stitution of the United States recognizes slaves as
property. I am not going to argue it. You all
know that the Constitution kept the slave trade
open for twenty years. The Constitution could
not be altered during that period by the consent,
even, of every State. For twenty years the slave
trade was kept open by the Constitution, and if
that was not a clear recognition of the right to
traffic in human flesh, and buy and sell men and
women, then I would like to know what would
be.
The Declaration oflndcpendcncc acknowledges
the right of man to own property in man, per-
verted and misconstrued as it is and has been by
you. One of the gravest charges that is made
against King George, in the Declaration of In-
dependence is that he is a John Brown Wide-
Awake. They charge, as one of their reasons for
dissolving their connection with the British Gov-
ernment, that George III was stirring up insur-
rection among their slaves. And yet you say
that the Declaration of Independence declares that
all men arc free and equal. It does use that gen-
eral phraseology; but if they meant by all men,
negroes as well as whites, Indians as well as
whites, those who had no political rights as well
as those who had; if that was theirmcaning, with
what sort of consistency could they have stated,
as a ground for dissolving their connection with
the British Government, that the British Crown
was stirring up insurrection among their slaves ?
And yet that is what they say.
Why, Senators, you do not deceive yourselves.
You have been attempting to deceive your con-
stituents, and you have reaped the reward. You
have dissolved the Union. The Declaration of
Independence declares that when one people dis-
solve their connection with another people, it is
but proper that they should give the reasons for
their separation. It then indulges in some general
remark as to all men being created free and equal,
and having the inalienable right to life, liberty,
and the pursuit of happiness. It then declares,
specifically, that inciting insurrection m the coun-
try was one of the causes of difficulty. What is
the fact as to Massachusetts? I see one of the
Senators from that State [Mr. Wilson] listening
to me. What is the fact as to Massachusetts?
Why, on the 18th of July, 1776, they published
the Declaration of Independence in the Boston
Gazette; and, before God, they published an ad-
vertisement for a runaway negro, and offered
another for sale. [Laughter.] I can produce the
record, if you deny it. If you doubt it, on some
other day, I will. Did the people of Massachu-
setts then believe that u all men" meant negroes
and Indians? Subsequently to that time, or about
simultaneously with that, they passed a law by
their Legislature fining and imprisoning any white
man or woman who would intermarry with a
negro, imposing heavy pains and penalties upon
those who would solemnize the marriage. Was
that treating negroes as their equals? If a negro
was one of that class of the human family spoken
of in the Declaration of Independence under the
general term ''all men," and had his happiness
involved in contracting marriage with one of the
fair sex of another color, were you permitting
him the pursuit of his happiness by putting him
m the pillory or penitentiary, if, with her consent,
he consummated the marriage? The thing is too
absurd to talk about. The men of the Revolution
were white men. They intended to assert that
political communities had the right of self-govern-
ment, to live under such form of government as
suited them. They made that declaration; and
they made that declaration only. It was all they
meant; it was all they intended; it was all that
was understood by any man then living to have
been intended by it. It is what we understand
now.
Then, if you wish to settle this matter, declare
that slaves are property, and, like all other prop-
erty, entitled to be protected on every quarter of
the globe, on land and on sea. Say that to us,
and then one difficulty is settled. Then say to
us that we are not to be enslaved; that we have
the right of self-government; we have, within
the last two months, ceased to consider this ques-
tion of abolishing slavery; a question of more
vital importance has been presented to us, and
that is, not whether our slaves shall be freemen,
but whether freemen shall be made slaves? Not
whether you will liberate our slaves, but whether
you will enslave their masters? I say we have a
right to live under such a form of government as
we see fit. Six States have asserted that right.
You deny it; and until you admit, in unmistaka-
ble language, the right of a State to withdrawfrom
this Union; in other words, until you admit that
white men living south of Mason and Dixon's
line have the inalienable right lo live under such
a government as they see fit; until you admit that,
and withdraw your forces and cease your men-
aces, we are not disposed to consider any other
question. When we are told that we have a right
to live under such a form of government as we
see fit, then we will counsel with you as to what
sort of government will suit us, but not till then.
This is the programme, as I understand it, on
the part of the seceding States. I have spoken
thus plainly and explicitly because my colleague
and myself are the last representatives of those
States upon this floor. How long it will be be-
fore the office that we hold shall be abolished, I
know not. I shall not resign my place while my
State remains in the Union. While there is a
Senatorship to bo filled, I shall fill it. When she
has repealed the law, when she has abolished the
office, when it ceases to exist, 1 shall take my
departure, and then you can call it a resignation
if you wish.
The honorable Senator from New Hampshire,
after felicitating himself and his section of the
country upon having all the decency, intelligence,
virtue, and religion in the country, tells us that
our history will be written in the history of Mex-
ico. I say to that Senator, the history of Texas
is already upon the pages of Mexican history. It
is written there in blood. It was written therein
defense of liberty. You have attempted to do what
the Dictator m Texas did—to trample upon the
Constitution of your country; to consolidate and
centralize a Federal Republic; to trample liberty
in the dust. Texas took arms in her hands and
vindicated her right; and she will do it again. It
has been written upon two pages of Mexican his-
tory. It was written when we achieved our inde-
pendence, and when this country became involved
in a war with Mexico for wrongs unredressed, of
twenty years' standing, including the question of
the Texas boundary. When this country became
involved in that war with Mexico, Texas again
wrote on another page of Mexican history, hers
also, in blood. The military achievements of
New England, I believe, the Senator did not say
anything of. It happens to be a singular fact, that
while New England has been claiming all the
Territory, she fought for very little of it. The
entire New England States had only about a thou-
sand men,fiom first to last, in the Mexican war
out of sixty thousand. General Cushing, I be-
lieve, managed to get a regiment of Irishmen out
of Boston. Texas,upon the bloody fields of Mex-
ico, carried seven thousand men, all told. That
State, with less than one hundred thousand in-
habitants, carried into the battle-fields of Mexico
seven thousand men, and all New England one.
But when it came to dividing the Territory, you
thanked God you were not like us poor publi-
cans, and you said that freedom must be extended;
that you were entitled to the Territory which,
with our blood, we had won; and because we are
not satisfied, you consider us very unreasonable.
These are the facts; and I say to the Senator
that, having our history written upon two pages
of Mexican history, we are not emulous of hav-
ing further connection with that country. lie
