82
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 22,
363b: Cong....2d
State of the Union—Mr. Bingham.
Ho. oe Reps.
or persons owing allegiance to the Government
of the United States of America, shall levy war
against them, or adhere to their enemies, giving
them aid and comfort within the United States or
elsewhere, such person or persons shall, upon
conviction, suffer death. The citizens of every
State of the Union are citizens of the United
States; and every citizen, whether native or nat-
uralized, in accordance with the Federal law, owes
allegiance to this Government, and is prohibited
by its law from the crime of treason against the
Government. Can any State absolve a citizen of
tlie United States from his allegiance ? Can any
State legalize treason against the Government of
the United States, or shelter traitors from the just
punishment of the law ? No State can confer Uni-
ted States citizenship. The United States act of
1802 expressly provides that an alien may become
a citizen of the United States, or of any State,
only in pursuance of that act.
If a State may lawfully secede, it follows that,
by the act of secession, the State may, and should,
release all the citizens of the United States from
their allegiance. There is no secession that does
not exclude from the territory of the seceding
State the jurisdiction and laws af the United
States, ana absolve all citizens therein from alle-
giance to the Government of the United States.
Secession implies more than.this. It implies
not only the release of the citizens of the United
States within its limits from their obligations of
fealty to the laws and Government of the United
States, but the establishment of an absolute sov-
ereignty by the act of the State, that is, by the act
of its qualified electors and their chosen Repre-
sentatives. An absolute sovereignty may right-
fully levy war, conclude peace, contract treaty
alliances, regulate commerce, coin money, and do
all other acts and things which free and independ-
ent States may of right do. While your Consti-
tution stands—and 1 trust it will stand forever—
can any State of this Union rightfully exercise any
of these great powers of sovereignty? What says
the tenth section of the Constitution? No State
shall enter into any treaty, alliance, or confedera-
tion; grant letters of marque and reprisal; coin
money; emit bills of credit; make anything but
gold and silver coin a tender in payment of debts;
pass any bill of attainder, ex post facto law, or law
impairing the obligation of conducts; orgrnntany
title of nubility; nor, without the consent of Con-
gress, lay any imposts or duties on imports or
exports, except what may bo absolutely necessary
for executing its inspection laws; and the net pro-
duce of all duties and imposts laid by any State,
on imports or exports shall be for the use of the
Treasury of the United States; and all such laws
shall be subject to the revision and control of
Congress. Nor shall any State, without the con-
sent of Congress, lay any duty of tonnage, keep
troops or ships-of-war in time of peace, enter into
any agreement or compact with another State or
with a foreign Power. Such arc the limitations
imposed by the Constitution of the United States
upon every State of this Union. The Supreme
court says:
"The Constitution excludes every sort of negotiation and
intercourse of a political character between the states them-
selves, or between eitiier of tiiem and a foreign State."
Holmes us. Johnson, 14 Peters, p. 579.
Can a State rightfully repeal or annul these lim-
itations of the Constitution, and all the laws and
treaties of the United States made in pursuance of
the Constitution? That is secession. Against
this asserted State right I oppose the words of
Washington:
"The Constitution which at any time exists, till changed
by an explicit and authentic act of the wholi-: people is
sacredly obligatory upon all."
But it issaid by some that State secession is an
inherent right. States have no inherent rights;
they have only derivative or delegated rights.
That is the proclamation of America. That is the
jeweled word of our great Declaration: "Gov-
ernments derive their just powers from the con-
sent of the governed."
It is truly said that State secession is revolu-
tion; but they greatly err who say that revolution
is a State right. The right of revolution does not
inhere in States, but in men—not in their character
of citizens, but of men. It is a right sacred and
indefeasible, a right which men cannot surrender,
if they would. It is bound up with the elements
of the human soul. It is the right of self-defense;
the right to resist oppression and redress wrong.
As expressive of the right and duty of revolution,
our fathers borrowed from one of England's hero-
martyrs the watchword, "Resistance to tyrants
is obedience to God." They graved those thrill-
ing words upon their guns, and read them by the
lurid light of battle. God forbid that I should
deny the people's right of revolution. But, sir,
that right can only be justly exercised under these
limitations: there must be grievances or just
cause; all peaceable means of redress must be first
fairly and honestly tried, and must fail; and the
cause of complaint, the grievance, must be so
onerous that submission to it would be more dan-
gerous to life and liberty than revolution or war.
What just cause of complaint has the South, or
any portion of her people, against this Govern-
ment? There is none. What peaceable means
have been employed by the South to redress any
imaginary grievance,in the absence of a real one?
None. What petitions for a redress of wrongs,
or remonstrances against wrongs, have been sent
here by the South ? None. It is said some north-
ern States have passed unconstitutional liberty
bills injurious to the South. If this be so, the
South has an ample and complete remedy in the
Federal courts. But does the violation of the Con-
stitution by one citizen, or by many, justify addi-
tional violations by others?
I agree that if this Government has inflicted
wrongs upon a portion of our people; if redress
for those wrongs has been applied for, and been
denied; if the condition of submission to these
wrongs is more dangerous to the people than rev-
olution and war, then, with all my heart, I am
with them, and say they have the right to strike
for the redress of their grievances. But I ask,
and demand to know, what grievances any por-
tion of the people of the United States suffer under
by the act of the government of this country ?
This rebellion, this revolution, with no colorable
excuse, is waged against the United States, the
wisest and most beneficent Government on the
globe. Why talk, then, about the right of revo-
lution, when there is no cause for revolution, 110
wrong to be rcdiessed ?
I conclude, then, my remarks upon the asserted
right of State secession, having shown that it is
not a constitutional right, nor an inherent State
right; that the people of the several States have
no cause of complaint against the Government
which justifies them by act of revolution to over-
turn the Constitution.
How is this argument met? We are siijiply
told that States, with or without cause, with or
without right, are seceding from the Union, and
asserting their separate independence, and there-
fore we must amend the Constitution; wo must
make compromises and concessions, or, as a gen-
tleman said yesterday, we must reconstruct the
Union. 1 do not so understand my duty. Rep-
resentatives are not here to compromise with re-
bellion, or to compound treason. I believe that
the duty of to-day is not to amend the Constitu-
tion, but to maintain and uphold the Constitution.
Upon that I stand.
1 ask gentlemen, when they talk about revolu-
tion without cause, to remember that there is a
grievance in this land which might, by possibility,
justify revolution. That grievance is not inflicted
by the General Government, but by State gov-
ernments and State organizations. I refer, sir,
to that great wrong which dooms four million men
and their descendants forever to abject servitude.
Consider this giant wrong, how it blasts the
hopes and crushes out the life of its victim. The
lettered page of material, the illumined page of
intellectual and immortal life are not for him.
The great law of human progress is not for him.
Knowledge, that knowledge which is power, and
which teaches men and nations how to live, is
not for him; the sanctities of home, its care and
culture, which attune the heart to the gentlest
and the sweetest charities of life, are not for him.
| Beneath the crushing weight of this iron des-
j potism, it is only left for him to sink down to a
! level with the creeping things of the dust, to be-
! come that sad and shattered wreck of humanity
which, for want of a better word, we call a slave;
a thing of trade, with no acknowledged rights in
the present, with no hope of a heritage m the
great, hereafter, to whose darkened soul the uni-
verse is voiceless, and even God himself seems
silent!
If that day comes—which I pray may not come
—when the right of revolution shall be asserted in
the redress of this great wrong, I could only say
with your own Jefferson, now speaking to us from
his quiet grave upon the heights of Monticello,
"I tremble for my country when I reflect that
God is just, and that he has notan attribute which
will allow Him to take sides with the aggressor
in that conflict."
I pray gentlemen who favor revolution for the
overthrow of the Union and the Constitution, for
the putting out of the sacred fires of civil and re-
ligious liberty which our fathers kindled upon
our altars, not to forget that in the Union is our
strength and our safety. Let us not in our mad-
ness throw away the shield of our defense, and
exchange its peaceful remedies for the dread ar-
bitrament of the sword, lest God in his anger
"should laugh at our calamity, and mock when
our fear cometh."
But, sir, because secession is threatened and
attempted without justifiable cause, wo are told
on all sides of the House we must compromise,
we must concede. Compromise what? Concede
what? Compromise the Constitution, and con-
cede the right of rebellion! What assurance has
any man that the compromises proposed will stay
the revolution or save the Union?
The compromises proposed and reported by
the committee of thirty-three, and now under con-
sideration, are as follows:
1. An amendment to the Constitution, to the
effect that no amendment having for its object any
interference with slavery in the States shall ever
be made, unless the same shall originate with a
slave State and be assented to by all the States.
2. An act for the admission of New Mexico as
a slave State, without further action of Congress.
3. An amendment of the fugitive slave law, so
that it shall be more efficient for the arrest of
fugitive slaves. .
4. An amendment of the act for the rendition
of fugitives from justice, so as to give the Federal
courts exclusive jurisdiction, and make the indict-
ment prima facie evidence against the accused.
I cannot give either of these propositions my
assent. The proposed amendment to the Consti-
tution strikes at the inherent right of the people
to alter or amend it at their pleasure. The Con-
stitution originated with the people, and jealous
of their rights, and of the rights of all the States,
the people expressly reserved to themselves the
right to originate, and finally ratify or reject,
through their chosen Representatives, State and
national, such amendments as they might see fit
to adopt. This reserved power of amendment
now is subject to no limitation in the mode pre-
scribed, save that no State, without its consent,
shall be deprived of its equal suffrage in the Sen-
ate. I think this inherent right, so carefully re-
served by the people, ought not to be surrendered
by them. What the people ought not to do, the
Representatives of the people should not ask them
to do. The words of Washington are significant.
Ho says, " The basis of our political systems is
the right of the people to make and to alter their
constitutions of government." I think the amend-
ment before us proposes a surrender in the prem-
ises of this right to make or alter. The provision
that one class of States alone may originate an
amendment, and that a single State may prevent
an amendment, touching what may become an in-
terest of national concern, is not in keeping with
the genius of our institutions.
I submit that the terms of the amendment imply
that, under the Constitution as it now is, the Gov-
ernment of the United States has no power to in-
terfere in any way with slavery ill the States. If
there is no such power in the Government, why
insert this amendment; if there is such power in
the Government, will not the insertion of this
amendment be held by judicial construction to be
a limitation or a denial of that power by the act
of the people? I think it will, and especially by a
court that could make the Dred Scott decision.
