1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
667
will find that the men who live in these States
upoa the Gulf are neither Indians, nor negroes,
nor mulattoes; but they are white men with red
blood m their veins, who draw their descent from
the best Huguenot blood that was ever shed in
defense of religious liberty in France, and from
the cavalier blood that never quailed in England;
that those men do the voting and fighting; that
they do the legislating; that they administer the
laws and sit on juries; and that they are entirely
capable of self-government. Whether you will
be able to maintain your institutions is a matter
that I forbear to discuss, because it is a matter
that concerns you, and not me.
Having said thus much, Mr. President, and
having been induced to say it because my vote,
and the votes of Senators who are now not mem-
bers of this body were commented upon by the
Senator from Illinois; and having explained the
principles by which I was actuated, I have no
disposition to trespass longer on the patience of
the body. If at the beginning of this session any
one had really and sincerely desired to save the
Union, if any one here had risen and said there
were States that were in all probability about to
leave the Union; that the right of self-government
was a great right which had been fought for and
achieved by a seven years' war, and therefore, if
any State withdrew from thisUnion, the Federal
Government had no power to coerce her; had
protested and implored against the dissolution of
the Union of the thirty-three States, and had pro-
posed that the Constitution should be so amended
thatslaves should be considered as property,and
be entitled to its protection everywhere—had these
two simple propositions been introduced in this
Chamber, and been voted for by Senators on the
other side, all these difficulties would have been
settled, the Union would have been safe, and we
again a band of brothers.
But instead of that, one parcel of lesolutions
is biought in, and another. The Senator from
Tennessee, whom I do not see, [Mr. Joiixson,]
brought in some resolutions which, if thoy had
been adopted, would have dissolved the Union,
proposing to elect judges of the Supreme Court
by the people, and to destroy our form of Gov-
ernment by having Senators elected by a popu-
lar vote, and having some Union-saving, miser-
able renegade and traitor, who lived south of
Mason and Dixon's line, secured in perpetuity,
every other four years, the Presidency. These
propositions of his would have been cause for a
dissolution of theUnion ifthey had been adopted;
but they have never been discussed or considered.
Then there was the proposition of the Senator
from Kentucky, Avhich, as I said, proposes sim-
ply to let the people vote as to whether they would
like to vote. Then there was a proposition to
divide all the territory by an imaginary line, and
admit two States into the Union, one with sla-
very and the other without it; which proposition
has been defeated now by admitting Kansas—a
portion of one of these Territories—into the Union
already the other day. These propositions were
brought in; they were carried before a commit-
tee; that committee considered them; every Re-
publican voted agamst every single proposition
that was brought in, and it was so announced
here. From that tune to this, the distinguished
Senator from Kentucky has, morning after morn-
ing, raised his voice here and pleaded in vain to
have his resolutions considered; yet they have not
been considered. A Senator from one of the New
England States moves a substitute, and eoinstanli
that is considered, snd voted upon and accepted
as n substitute.in preference to the resolutions of
the Senator from Kentucky. Then a motion is
made to reconsider, and the entire Republican
party vote against that. Now, at this day, within
one month of the adjournment of this Congress,
not the first step has been made towards any rec-
onciliation, any concession—not the first step has
been taken in that direction—and yet persons are
telegraphing and writing all over the country that
they have hopes that the Union is going to be saved.
Six States are out of the Union. It is known
to myself, it is known to everybody, that next
Monday they meet in solemn convention, as the
old thirteen originally met, to form a new Federal
Government. It is known that they will do it.
It is known that they will have a President, a
V.cc President, a Congress, an Army, a Navy, a
Tieasury, and treaties with foreign Governments.
That is known; and yet Senators rise here and
say they do not think the Union is in any danger.
Do you want Virginia to remain in the Union?
God knows I do not want her to go out of it; it
does not concern me in the least. If you want to
cany Virginia and make her the tail-end of a
Black Republican confederation, and the descend-
ants of "light-horse Harry, "and LightfootLee, of
George Mason and the Pendletons and Randolphs
and Waslungtons of that day, wish that position,
they certainly are entitled to it; it does not disturb
us. But is u fair for gentlemen, is it honest, I
ask-—I do not use the term in an offensive sense
if it can be used in any other; I certainly do not
mean to be anymore offensive than I can possibly
avoid—but can they say that there is no danger,
or that there is any hope now of a compromise
being made, with the facts before them ? I do not
know how men write. I always mean what I
say, and say precisely what I mean; and when I
and another person have a difficulty, and for two
months we have been trying to adjust it, and
every time I talk to him he says " sir, I have not
one word to say," I cannot in my conscience
declare that I believe there is a prospect of that
matter being adjusted amicably, unless I back out.
What evidence of relenting has there been on the
other side? The President elect has just pub-
lished under his own signature a declaration that
he is utterly and wholly opposed to every com-
promise. I will state my authority. I saw it last
night in the New York Tribune, printed in quo-
tation marks from Abraham Lincoln, that he is
utterly and wholly opposed to compromise. He
says he is entitled to the office of President; it is
his; and to yield a single inch would be buying
what he already owns. I have not the paper here;
I do not carry it in my pocket; but that is the sub-
stance of what he said.
Under these circumstances, I chose to vote
against reconsidering the vote on Mr. Clark's
resolution; because the entire Republican party
had voted against reconsidering; because the Re-
publican who had moved a reconsideration himself
voted against it; because I saw not the slightest
evidence of relenting; because I had heard from
that side nothing which looked to compromise or
concession, or a recognition of our rights—noth-
ing that looked to anything that was practical.
Hence, I voted in that way; and because I so
voted, I am held up here as one who is confed-
erating with free-soilers in an endeavor to dis-
solve the Union, i say that I would dissolve
this Union—no, not dissolve it; but I would burst
it; I would fracture it, spimter it into more frag-
ments than gunpowder would blow glass, before
I would live in a Government in which I was not
the equal of any other white man in the country,
before I would have my State confederated with
States that declare that her institutions, the con-
dition of her men, and of the wives, the mothers,
and the sisters of her men, is upon a footing with
the condition of the miserable wretches whom
they herd like cattle in Utah, when they say that
polygamy and slavery arc twin relics of barbar-
ism. That is the declaration of the Republican
party. It was the declaration in your platform
in 1856; and above thirteen hundred thousand
men voted that sentiment, that our wives and our
mothers and Brigham Young's women occupy,
socially and morally, the same position. Here a
party m this country, that is elected to power,
tells us that we shall live under their authority or
be trampled with the iron heel of war.
u That drop of blood that's calm, pioclaims us bastard;
Oiio*, cuckold, to our father ; brands the hailot
Even here, between the cliabte uubimrehed brows
Of our tine mothers."
You denounce us, degrade us, dende us, tell us
we shall live under a Government that we say is
not tasteful to us; you tell us that we are de-
giaded, that we are not your equals. That is
what you tell us; and when we say to you, if we
cannot live together in peace, we will separate,
you say we shall not; and then, because I do not
choose to make a ninny of myself, because I do
not choose to stultify myself, and vote for reso-
lutions that mean nothing, in order that Senators
may telegraph over the country that ail is peace
and quiet—because I do not choose to do (hat, or
to be led by the nose as tenderly as asses ate, I
am charged with a conspiracy with the Black
Republicans to dissolve the Union, to prevent
any compromise.
If the Senator from Illinois wants a compro-
mise, let him abandon his squatter sovereignty;
let him get up here, and introduce a resolution de-
claring that slaves are property, and that the Gov-
ernment is bound to protect them everywhere.
Say that; let him say to us, " I will go home and
advocate this doctrine before my people, and try
to induce the State of Illinois (not the American
people) to elect delegates to a convention that will
ratify this amendment to the Constitution;" let
him go to his Black Republican friends, and say
to them, " You must declare that slaves are prop-
erty, and that the Government shall protect this
property everywhere; that all white men shall
have the right to live under such form of Govern-
ment as they see fit;" let him say that, and get
his Black Republican friends to get up and say it
here, and give us assurances that they will do
that; and, in the mean time, turn your guns to sea,
withdraw your troops, cease insanely attempting
to collect revenue outside of the United States;
tell us that we can live under such a form of Gov-
ernment as we see fit; do these things, and the
country will have some peace, repose, and quiet,
to consider these matters; an appeal to arms may
be avoided; and the Government and the Union
may be reconstructed—I do not know whether it
can be or not; I speak for nobody but myself. X
say that, so far as I am concerned, if these things
were done, if (his was recognized and acknowl-
edged to be a Federal Government, if we had our
right to govern ourselves recognized and acknowl-
edged, and if the ban was removed from our prop-
erty, I would advise a calm, fair consideration
of the propositions, and a reconstruction of the
Union. I think theUnion is a great blessing 
Mr. WILKINSON. Mr. President 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator from Texas yield ?
Mr. WILKINSON, I desire to ask the Sen-
ator from Texas if he wishes to have the Gov-
ernment troops withdrawn from Texas?
Mr. WIGFALL. Just wait a moment; I can-
not hear you.
Mr. WILKINSON. I understood the Senator
to say that the Government should withdraw their
troops. I wish to ask him if lie wants the Gov-
ernment troops withdrawn from Texas.
Mr. WIGFALL. It is a matter of perfect in-
difference to us. Probably we shall have the arms
they have there before your orders to withdraw
them could be carried.
Mr DOUGLAS. Mr. President 
Mr. WIGFALL. Not just this minute. As to
the matter of withdrawing the troops from Texas,
I say to the Senator from Minnesota that it is a
matter of no sort of consequence to me, or to the
people I represent here, whether they are with-
drawn or not. They have never rendered any
service there. Ourborder has been devastated by
war ever since, and long before, I took my seat
on this floor. Last year I asked, in the name of
mercy, to save the lives of women and children,
that a regiment of rangers should be put in the
field who could and who would defend that fron-
tier; and the Senator who asks me the question
voted against it, I apprehend, as almost every
Senator on that side did. The bill was voted
down, the women and children were left to the
tender mercies of the scalping knife and toma-
hawk upon our entire border; the war has been
going on from that time to this, and wo have artil-
lery and infantry companies there, sent to fight
Comanches. Withdraw them when you please.
I trust in God that they will leave their guns,
though, before their departure; and if my advice
is followed, I have no hesitation in saying that
they will.
Mr, DOUGLAS. I have but a very few words
to say in reply to the Senator from Texas; and
as he assured the Senate he was going to reply
to me in very good temper, I shall endeavor to
preserve my good temper as well as he. I do not
deem it necessary to take any notice of his very
funny illustration about the sarsaparilla. I was
a member of the Senate when that was first used
in the body; and I think it was so much better
told by Colonel Benton, when he applied it to Mr.
Clay, than the gentleman has told it to-day, that
I let that stand for what it is worth.
Then, sir, 1 come to the charge that he makes
against me, that I have done gross injustice to him
and to others by the reference that I have made to
the vote, and the omission to vote, on the adop-
