1861.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
36th Cong....2d Sess.
State of the Union—Mr. Bingham.
Ho. of Reps.
In my judgment, under the Constitution of the
United States, this Government has power to in-
terfere with slavery in the States to this extent:
1. By a direct capitation tax apportioned among
the several States upon the basis of their repre-
sentative population, which includes three fifths
of their slaves as persons.
2. By emancipating the slaves in time of war,
and in the exercise of the war power vested with-
out limitation in tins Government.
The first of these propositions rests upon the
express terms of the Constitution. In support of
the second,I adoptthe words of Mr. John Gtuincy
Adams, in his speech on the war with Great Britain
and Mexico. Mr. Adams says;
" I would leave that institution fslavery] to the exclu-
sive consideration and management of the States more pe-
culiarly interested in it, just as Jong as they can keep within
their own hounds.1' * * * * "X believe
that, so long as the slave States are able to sustain their in-
stitutions without going abroad or calling upon other parts
of the Union to aid them, or act on the subject, so long I
will consent nevei io lmcrfeie." * *" * *
il But if they coine to the free States, and say to them, you
must help us to keep down our slaves ; you must aid us in
an insurrection and a civil war; then, I say, with that call
comes a full and plenary power to this House and the Sen-
ate over the whole subject. Itisawarpowor." * *
* * u Hay this down as the law of nations." * *
* * " So far from its being fiue, that the States where
slavery exists have the exclusive management of the sub-
ject, not only the President of the United States, but tho
commander of the Army has full power to order the uni-
versal emancipation of the slaves."
I will not consent to put into the Constitution
an amendment which, by construction, forced
though it may be, may be held either to exempt
the slave States from the payment of their fair
proportion of taxes, or to limit the war powers of
this Government.
But, sir, aside from these considerations, I op-
pose this amendmenton higher grounds. It is a
proposition to bind the twenty million freemen in
the North forever, or during the pleasure of the
slave States and of each of them, to keep ward
and watch over four million men, and doom them
and their posterity, from age to age, to a crashing
despotism. That amendment, if adopted, will
staitle the civilized world. It is a written con-
spiracy against the liberties of four million men,
and their descendants forever. Thereby the free-
men of this land agree to lock hands, and by their
combined power declare that deliverance shall
never come to these millions of men or their chil-
dren, save that deliverance which comes, sooner
or later, to master and slave alike, by the hands
of the destroying angel. The American people
will rebuke this attempt to pledge them forever to
the maintenance of a perpetual despotism. Now
they must putdown slave insurrection. By this
amendment they must make insurrection, or the
cause of it, perpetual. They are content that the
slave States shall remain unmolested by them in
the enjoyment df their slave property, if they sec
fit to retain it, and in the full enjoyment of all
their rights under the Constitution; butl entirely
mistake the character of the freemen of the North,
if they do not rebuke this insult offered to their
sense of humanity and justice.
I know this remark may be met with the sneer
that this is the "higher law." Pray, did not
Madison recognize a higher law when, in the con-
vention of 1787, he declared tha,t it was wrong to
admit in the Constitution that there can be prop-
erty in man? Is there no reference to a higher
law in your sublime Declaration of Independence,
that immortal bill of rights, which will live as
long as our language lives, in the words " these
States are, and of right ought to be, free and in-
dependent States, and may do what independent
States may of right do?"—not of wrong, but
may of iught do. No, sir; the fathers of the Re-
public never would have made their Constitution;
they never would have borne the sacred ark of
liberty through a seven years' war, if they had
not believed m a higher law—in the eternal veri-
ties of truth and justice. That law is of perpet-
ual and of universal obligation. It is obligatory
alike upon individual and collective man; upon
the citizen and upon the State. Itreveals to us,as
it revealed to our fathers, the right and the wrong
in human conduct. It enjoins upon us, as it en-
joined upon them, human duty as duty. It dis-
closes to us, as it disclosed to them, the beautiful
form of goodness, and that virtue which rises
from the depths of truth's mysterious bosom, and
"is beloved because 'tis virtue." It teaches us, as
it taught them, that the performance of duty—that
highest word revealed by God to man—is the
surest and noblest defense of men and nations.
For these reasons, sir, I object to the proposed
amendment.
What are the other propositions ? The admis-
sion of New Mexico as a slave State without fur-
ther action by Congress. I object to the admis-
sion of slave States under the Constitution, for
the reason that the Constitution did not provide
for their admission. In the'original report of the
Constitution, in the convention which framed it,
that article which provides for the admission of
new States was in these words: "The Congress
may admit new States into the Union upon the
same terms with the original States." A motion
was made to strike out the words " upon the same
terms with the original States;" and they were
stricken out. For what purpose were they stricken
out? That the Constitution might not oblige the
Congressof theUnited States to admit slave States
into the Union; or new States upon the same terms
with the original States, each of which entered the
Union with the power reserved to engage both in
the domestic and foreign slave trade for twenty
years. True to the spirit of the Constitution, in
1802, under the administration of Jefferson, when
Congress provided an enabling act for the admis-
sion of my own State of Ohio, they provided in
that act that Ohio should not come into the Union
upon the same terms with the original States; but
upon the express condition that, not only for the
six years that were still to elapse, during which
time the original States might carry on the for-
eign slave trade, but that thenceforward and for-
ever she should be excluded from any participa-
tion in that traffic, either domestic or foreign. I
would apply the Jeffersonian rule, which was ap-
plied justly and wisely to my own State, to the
proposed State of New Mexico.
But, sir, I would oppose the admission of New
Mexico as a State on the further ground that she
is not fit to be admitted into the Union as a State
until she repeals her unjust legislation. She has to-
day upon her statute-book two slave codes, which
would bring blushes to the check of Caligula.
She provides by law that all free white laboring
men and women, contracting to do service, in-
eluding shepherds and agents sent on journeys,
shall be subjected, when their day's work is
done, to the insolent lash of the task-master, and
shall have no redress for the insult and wrong m
courts of justice. Is this the reward which is to
be meted out by American law to honest white men
and women? Is that the just reward of honest
toil? Why, sir, 1 thought that, m this land of
ours, work was to be held sacred. I thought the
boasted maxim among the American people was
" a fair day's wages for a day's work." J thought
that long ago our people had learned " that all
true work is sacred; that there is a divineness in
it, from sweat of the face up to sweat of the
brain and sweat of heart, which last includes all
Kepler-calculations, all Newton-ineditations, all
acted and suffered heroisms and martyrdoms;
up to that 'agony of bloody sweat' which all
men have called divine." 1 have read, sit*, in
Htily Writ " thou shalt not muzzle the ox that
treadeth out the corn." I have inferred and be-
lieve that we may not and should not fetter the
hand of honest toil that wrings from the earth its
increase, and feeds and clothes and shelters na-
tions. Never, sir, will I consent to the admission
of that State until she repeals that infamous en-
actment.
But more than that. She has upon her statute-
book a black code, which provides that any per-
son may arrest any slave escaping from his master,
though he came from the remotest ends of the
earth—from Guinea or Algiers, from Cuba or
Brazil—and, without a hearing before a magis-
trate, commit him to an American jailor, whose
duty it shall be, at your cost, sir, and mine, to
imprison him six months, and advertise him, at
the cost of the Ameucan people, for a master; and
if no master comes, to take it for granted that he
ought to hare a master, and imprison him for six
months longer, without a hearing; and at the end
of twelve months' imprisonment, sell him at the
door of your American court-house—aUhe altar-
of American justice—to the highest bidder in cash.
This infamous statute further provides that the
sheriff's bill of sale shall vest in the purchaser a
good and indefeasible title against all persons
whatever, even including the man's right to his
own soul. I recognize no bill of sale for a human
soul, unless it bears the seal of God Almighty.
That this statute might want no feature of atro-
city, it is further provided that the man thus
wronged and sold like a beast shall never testify
against a white man in courts of justice. The
statute first robs the man of his liberty, and then
seals his lips in perpetual silence. Let these infa-
mous statutes be repealed before New Mexico •
comes into the Union. The bill for their repeal
is now in the Senate. It has passed this House.
Let it first become a law.
What other compromise is offered, innsrder to
save the Union? Why,an amendment to the fugi-
tive slave law. I can only stop to say here, touch-
ing that law, that the amendment proposed does
not remove the objections, in my mind insur-
mountable, to its adoption by an American Con-
gress. It does not relieve the American people
from the unjust obligations imposed upon them
by the act of 1850, by which, at the beck of the
marshal, they are compelled to join in the hunt—
to make hue and cry on the track of a fugitive
slave woman who is fleeing, with her babe lashed
upon her breast, from the house of bondage. I
will not perform that service, and I ask any man
on that side whether he will?
I ob ject to the amendment proposed, for thefur-
therreason that it vests in commissioners unknown
to the Constitution, unauthorized by the Consti-
tution, not appointed according to the Constitu-
tion, the judicial power of the United States, to
dispose of the liberty of a human being. You
say it is but the liberty of a slave that is involved.
I say it is the liberty of a man that is involved;
and that the Constitution, in the administration
of justice, in the organization of tribunals for the
administration of justice, is no respecter of per-
sons. The word "citizen" in that connection is
not employed in your Constitution. The words
"white man" in that conncction, are not em-
ployed in the Constitution. On the contrary, the
word "person" is adopted, a term comprehen-
sive enough to embrace all men when the Con-
stitution guaranties life and liberty and trial by
jury. The Constitution has the same care for the
rights of the stranger within your gates as for the
rights of the citizen. The people adopted that
Constitution, and established a system of justice
on the principle of the great law given by God to
his people: " Ye shall have one mannei of law as
well for the stranger as for one of your own coun-
try." 1 object to this proposition, then, because,
in my judgment, it is violative of the Constitu-
tion.
What is the other compromise or concession,
proposed ? It is to amend the act for the rendi-
tion of fugitives from justice escaping from one
State into another, i object to the act proposed,
because it strips the State of tho power which,
from the foundation of the Government, was sup-
posed to be reposed exclusively in the State, to
protect all of her citizens in all cases involving
their life or liberty, save where they are charged
with an offense againstthe Federal Government.
Under the act of 1793, for the rendition of fugi-
tives from justice, the jurisdiction was vested
in the Governors of the several States. Why?
Because the State has the care of the lives and
liberties of its own citizens, and the right to de-
termine whether they are charged with an offense
committed against the laws of another State, for
which they should be delivered up to answer.
This bill transfers the State jurisdiction to the
Federal courts.
I object to this amendment on another ground:
that it makes the charge prima facie evidence of
the fact as charged; and, in my judgment, whether
intended so or not by those who framed it, will
be construed by the courts to require and author-
ize the rendition of persons charged with any of
fense prohibited and made indictable by the stat-
utes of the State in which the offense is alleged
to have been committed. That is not the law of
