APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 23,
36th Cong.... 2d Sess.
State of the Union—Mr. Lovejoy.
Ho. of Reps.
the land to-day. States, North and South, have
resisted any.such construction of the act of 1793.
Kentucky, as well as Ohio,has done so. I deny
that citizens of the United States are to be made
liable, by force of Federal law, for mere political
offenses against the States. Why, sir? Because
it is written in the Constitution that Congress
shall make no law abridging the freedom of speech
or the freedom of the press. Under that restriction,
can Congress make a law for the rendition of a
citizen of the United States for teaching a slave
to read in South Carolina, or publishing an article
against slavery therein contrary to the statutes of
that State? Whether this amendment will be
construed as I have indicated, is a matter about
which, perhaps, gentlemen might differ. It is my
belief that such will be its construction. So con-
strued, it is a law like all the rest proposed, which
will streagthen the power of slavery in this coun-
try. I do not believe the Constitution makes it
my duty to legislate especially in aid of State slave
codes.
I will not lend my vote to the support of any
such legislation. I conclude, then, what I have
to say on this subject, with the further remark,
that, inasmuch as these laws are objectionable,
on the ground of constitutionality, on the ground
of humanity, and on the ground of policy, they
are not likely either to save the Union or to give
any additional authority to the Executive for the
maintenance of the Constitution as it is: they
ought not to pass. At all events, they cannot
receive my sanction.
What then remains to be done ? Simply to up-
hold the Constitution as it is, by such additional
legislation as will enable the President of the Uni-
ted States to execute the duty imposed upon him
by the words of the Constitution, "to see that
the laws be faithfully executed." But it is said,
he cannot do that, for you cannot coerce a State.
X ask gentlemen who say that, can a State legal-
ize treason against the Government of the Uni-
ted States? Can one State coerce thirty-two
States? Can a State lawfully shelter traitors
against the Government of the United States? No
one proposes to coerce States,—but to enforce the
laws; to put down rebellion-, and punish treason;
to recapture the forts, the arsenals, the arms, and
treasure of the United States. At all events, it
is our duty, by just and needful legislation, to try
the strength of this Government and its power to
release an honest citizen from an unjust punish-
ment, who is charged with no offense, save alle-
fiance to the Constitution of his country and
delity to official duty.
As I said before, X stand by the Constitution as
it is. I ask you to consider whether, if the peo-
ple of the United States will not rally to the sup-
port arid maintenance of the Constitution as it is,
with all its sacred traditions, they will do so after
you shall have marred and mangled it with pro-
slavery amendments. J
. Mr. Speaker, I ask the people and the people's
Representatives to maintain the Constitution in
its integrity. Let us pass the laws which will
enable thd Executive to summon the people, the
loyal people, not to the conquest of our country-
men, but to the defense of our Constitution. Let
the Constitution be saved from violence and over-
throw; it is filled with the wisdom and goodness
of its great founders; it is the carved work of
their poured out spirits. Maintain it! maintain
it inviolate until it fulfills its sublime mission, until
this goodly heritage of ours, slumbering between
two great oceans that engirdle the world, shall be
filled with free Commonwealths, in every one of
which, without violence to any human being or
any human habitation, every unjust fetter shall
be broken, and every inherent right maintained.
When no State will banish men because they are
just, or enslave men because they are weak, or
subject men to the perilous edge of battle because
they are strong, or strangle men like felons on
the gallows, because, in obedience to the Divine
cdmmand, they rememberthose thatare in bonds
ils bound with them. Maintain your Constitu-
tion until our temple of civil and religious liberty
shall be complete, lifting its head-stone of beauty
above the towers of Watch and war, until all na-
tions shall Bee unto it, and its glory shall fill the
wholer earth,
STATE OF THE ONION.
SPEECH OF HON. OWEN LOVEJOY,
OB ILLINOIS,
In the House of Representatives,
January 23, 1861.
The House having under consideration the rcpoit from
the select committee of thirty-three—
Mr. LOVEJOY said:
Mr. Speaker: I acknowledge the appropriate-
ness and am impressed with the truth of the re-
mark made a day or two since by the gentleman
from Virginia, [Mr. Millson,] when he said he
was embarrassed by the solemnity of uttering
words under circumstances like those in which
th'e country now finds itself. I, sir, fceltbatem-
barrassment, and I pray for that " wisdom which
is from above, which is firstpure and then peace-
able," to direct my thoughts into right channels,
and to enable me to clothe those thoughts in such
language as befits the occasion and this presence—
I might say, sir, without any empty compliment,
this august presence; for placed as we are, with
the question before us whether the glorious fabric
of our Government shall be dissolved, every Rep-
resentative before me is multiplied into the thou-
sands whom he represents, till I seem to stand in
the awful and august presence of thirty-two mil-
lion people.
Sir, the present aspect of public affairs not
only naturally suggests, but compels us to the con-
sideration and discussion of the primary princi-
ples of our Government—a frequent recurrence to
which (I think it is Jefferson who has declared)
is essential to the preservation and perpetuation
of public liberty. What then, Mr. Speaker, is
our theory of government? It is with admirable
and philisophical precision, though with extreme
brevity, set forth in the declaration which our
fathers made when they resorted to an appeal to
arms and to the God of battles to settle the con-
troversy which then existed between the colonies
and the mother country. After laying down ax-
iomatic principles in reference to the natural rights
of man, the author of that declaration proceeds to
say,that to pro tect these natural rights, (previously
enumerated,) governments are instituted among
men, deriving all their just powers from the con-
sent of the governed, and that when a Government
becomes subversive of those rights, it is the priv-
ilege and the duty of the people to alter, amend, or
abolish such Government, and to reconstruct it on
such principles as seem to them best adapted to pro-
mote the great purposes for which Governments
are instituted—to wit, to protect the natural rights
of man.
Mr. Speaker, 1 have heard at the other end of
the Capitol, and also in this Hall, an allusion made
to this subject; and as I believe there is an error
very generally obtaining in regard to the purposes
of government, I wish here to state what I believe
is substantially true, that men entering the social
or governmental state, do not surrender a portion
of their rights for the purpose of securing protec-
tion to those which remain. Thatis not our theory
of government. Our theory is this: that men en-
ter into the social or political state to secure pro-
tection for those rights, and ail of those rights,
unabated, undiminished, with which God, the Cre-
ator, has clothed them.
Now we come to the consideration of the ques-
tion: who made this Government? By what
power does it exist? Who poured into it the
tide of vitality, which gave it energy and life and
power? Who' Shall I answer it in accordance
with the miserable dogma of secession, under
the protection of which it is now sought to sub-
vert and destroy the Government? Is it "we,
the States," enter into a compact? Is it " we,
the States," form a league ? Is that the language ?
No, sir. " We, the people of the United States,"
for purposes enumerated, do establish and ordain
the folio wing Constitution. It is the wildest dogma
of secession and treason and rebellion, by which
these criminals against God and man seek to shel-
ter themselves, that this Government is a mere
rope of sand, a league, a compact, a partnership,
to be dissolved at the will of any one sni^e mem-
ber of the firm. It is, "we, the people," not
" we, the people of the State of South Carolina,"
not " we, the people of New York, Massachu-
setts, and Pennsylvania;" but "we, the people
ef the United States," one, indivisible, in our
original sovereign power—subject to no one this
side the Throne of Omnipotence—we ordain and
establish the following Constitution.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I do not deny—I concede
readily, fully, that the people of South Carolina
and the people of Georgia, a communication from
whose recentRepresentatives we have just listened
to—1 concede thatthey liavea right to alter, amend,
or abolish their own State governments. They
may protect slavery or abolish slavery. They
may abolish all laws against murder and polyg-
amy if they please,- or they may punish these
crimes by imprisonment or by hanging. They
may establish a form of religion if they choose.
They may declare by law that no citizen shall be
eligible to office who does not belong to the estab-
lished Church around which they have thrown
their legal sanction. All this they can do. But,
Mr. Speaker, there is one thing which the people
of South Carolina cannot do: they cannot abol-
ish the Government of the United States. They
cannot dissolve this Union, for the very reason
that they did not make it. They were a part of
it, I grant you; they were a part of the " people
of the United States;" and the citizens of a school
district and of a county are a part of the people of
a State; but can they meet together in school dis-
tricts or town halls and abolish the State Govern-
ment, by having somebody to go through the
derisive mockery of absolving them from their
allegiance to the laws of the State, simply because
they are a part of the people who helped to make
the State Government? Nobody believes that.
No more can the people of South Carolina or of
Georgia abolish the United States Government,
or absolve their citizens from their oath of fealty
and from the obligation of obedience which every
one of them owes to that Government. And I in-
sist that every citizen of those States who abjures
the Constitution, who refuses to recognize its ob-
ligation's and to obey it, stands perjured before
God and the civilized world.
Mr. Speaker, I now come to this question of
cocicion. I desire that what I have stated in
regard to allegiance shall be kept in mind. It is
folly, Jesuitical wickedness for a State to suppose
that it can absolve its individual citizens from then-
oath of fealty to the Government of the United
States. The citizens of South Carolina owe a cer-
tain baron fealty to the State; but their ultimate
and highest fealty is due to the sovereign to which
baron and liegeman are bound alike to bend the
knee. That sovereignty is one and indivisible;
and within its chartered limits ultimate and abso-
lute; and no State has a right to absolve its citi-
zens from their obligation.
1 do not hold that the Government of the Uni-
ted States has any power to punish citizens of
South Carolina, or Georgia, as citizens of those
States; but I insist that it has very much to do
with them as American citizens, living in Georgia
and South Carolina, and we mean to enforce upon
them their obligation to the Constitution, obe-
dience to the laws; for the law of the United States
is supreme, as the Constitution is, over the citi-
zens of the United States, whether living in Geor-
gia or Massachusetts.
As to this coercion, sir, it is a forcible illustration
of the fable of the wolf and the lamb. This cry
of coercion is simply a pretext under color of
which the citizens of Georgia and of South Caro-
lina come and steal our property without even
the poor excuse of having made a formal declaia-
tion of war. The title to this property vests in
the Government of the United States as really, as
sacredly, as the title to private property can vest in
an individual. The title-deeds are in the archives
of the Government. They are recorded. We
own the land on which these forts stand. We
built the forts. We paid for them; and they are
ours. These citizens of the United States living
in South Carolina and Georgia, fancying them-
selves absolved from their oath of allegiance by
this Jesuitical process of State convention and
Suite action, come and take possession of our
forts, seize our guns, take our munitions of war;
and when we propose to go and take them back,
