668
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 31,
tion of the Clark amendment to the Crittenden
resolutions, I certainly did not intend to do any
injustice to him or any other Senator. 1 merely
recited the facts. Those are not denied. The
facts are, that when the vote was first taken, it
disclosed that the resolutions would be carried, if
this side of the Chamber had voted against the
Clark amendment. Some on the other side voted
at first against the amendment, but changed their
votes after they found that the Senators from the
cotton States would not accept the proposition.
I also stated that telegraphic dispatches were sent
off immediately, that there was no hope of pass-
ing the Crittenden resolutions, because they had
been voted down. That fact is not denied. The
excuse for that fact is, that the Senator voted as
he did on the reconsideration, and refused to vote
on the original proposition, in order that f should
not have an opportunity of sending off a telegraphic
dispatch to the country that the Union was safe,
and that the Ciittendcn resolutions would be
adopted. What right had he to assume that I
would send any such dispatch?
Mr. tVV IGFALL. I will not interrupt the cur-
rent of your argument; but, that we may under-
stand each other, I just wish to ask the Senator
if he has any information as to whether any dis-
patch was sent from the Senate as to that vote,
and what the character of the dispatch was; be-
cause he asserted it broadly. I want to put myself
light, lie has asserted broadly that we voted in
n certain way, and that the object of it was to send
these dispatches, and that the dispatches were
sent. 1 have not seen ony of those dispatches
published myself, and am not aware of the fact.
I suppose that the Senator from Georgia [Mr.
hicnfjON] sent a dispatch, and the only one that
was sent, 1 expect; but I do not know. 1 want
to understand whether the Senator knows what
was the character of those dispatches. My reply
about his sending dispati lies was legitimate. I
regarded it as a reply to that point.
Mr. DOUGLAS. In legard to that, I will say
that I saw gentlemen here, writing what I sup-
posed to be dispatches— but that, of course, 1 did
not inquire into—and in a day or two I saw dis-
patches in southern papers, purporting to be from
those Senators, and 1 presumed they were gen-
uine. I think I have seen three or four notices of
them in different papers. That is all the inform-
ation I had on that subject.
Mr. WiGKALL. hccisely.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Now, sir, I have sent no
dispatch upon this subject, except one signed
jointly by the Senator from Kentucky [Mr. Crit-
tenden] and myself, in reply to a committee of
very prominent and distinguished persons, asking
our opinion ;and we simply expressed our opinion.
We said, u We have hope;" and added, " Don't
give up the .ship; don't despair of the Republic."
That was a!!. I could not have sent a dispatch,
if the Claik piopo.sition had been defeated, to the
(■fleet that the Crittenden proposition was adopted,
because Jt left that unacted upon. The efteet of
all the gentlemen on this side voting in opposition
to the Republican side, on that amendment, would
have been to leave the Crittenden pioposition be-
fore the Senate to be acted upon; would have given
it a chance to be adopted; and would have de-
prived them of the opportunity of telegraphing to
the country that there was no hope, in order to
expedite secession in the Slates where the vote
was about to be taken. Sueh use was made of
that vote; and it was legitimate, therefore, for me
to refer to it as an evidence that there was an un-
willingness among some on this side of the Cham-
ber, as well as on the other side, to adjust and
settle these questions.
But the Senator has to refer, by way of ridi-
cule, as he supposes—and it is very fine wit, no
doubt—to my "great principle "of non-interven-
tion by Congress with slavery in the States and
Territories. Sir, if that principle had been car-
ried out. there would have been peace ill this coun-
try now; and yet the Senator says that it is the
principle of non-intervention that has produced
•<\V< these troubles in the land. He says that the
fault is that of the advocates of non-intervention
for bringing tins disturbance; not upon southern
interventionists; not upon northern intervention-
ists; that the Itepublicansare not at all to blame;
and that the southern extremists arc not at all to
blame. The Republicans arc in favor of inter-
vention with slavery The Senator and his friends
are in favor of intervention, too. They both agree
that Congress mu-st intervene and control the sla-
very question. They both agree as to the power
and duty of Congress to intervene and control the
slave question. He does not think that the Union
is in danger in consequence of the Republicans
asserting the right and duty of this Government
to prohibit slavery jn the Territories, and in the
dock-yards, and navy-yards, and the District of
Columbia. He sees no danger from that, and
none from the counter demand, that the Federal
Government shall interfere to maintain and pro-
tect slavery everywhere. I do see that this whole
trouble arises from the conflict between interven-
tionists north and interventionists south. The
whole trouble arises from the conflict between
those who demand that Congress shall intervene
for the purpose of prohibiting on the one side,
and those who demand that Congress shall inter-
vene for the purpose of protecting and maintain-
ing on the other side.
The Senator from Texas cannot vindicate him-
self and those that act with him, unless be vin-
dicates the Republicans also; and they cannot
vindicate their position without vindicating his.
Hence they unite in denouncing non-intervention;
they agree m denouncing the great principle of
non-interference, which alone can put a stop to
the slavery agitation. The Senator could not
have given a more striking illustration of the jus-
tice of my first comments of the sympathy be-
tween the extremists north and the extremists
south, than this unity of purpose to keep the
slavery agitation in Congress, and thus produce
an " irrepressible conflict" between the two sec-
tions. All 1 have ever asked was, that the Re-
publicans, on their side, should give up their al-
leged right to interfere against slavery, and that
the extreme South should give up their claim to
interfere for slavery. Let the question alone, and
there will be peace m this country.
But the Senator says that, to adopt the princi-
ple of non-intervention on the subject of slavery,
would be equivalent to the abandonment of the
right of protection to property; that, every Gov-
ernment must protcctproperty everywhere. That
Senator had bettor read the Constitution again,
and then let him tell me where he finds the power
given to this Government to protect horses, or cat-
tle, or merchandise, or slaves, or any species of
property in any State or Territory of this Union.
I do not propose to make a distinction between
them; but i deny the right of this Federal Gov-
ernment to interfere with either of them. The
Constitution gives no power to do so in the States;
and let him show me a clause of the Constitution
that gives greater power on domestic questions in
the Territories than in the States.
I repeat that I sec no hope of peace, except for
the extremists north and the extremists south to
yield to the adoption of the principle that the
Federal Government shall not legislate upon the
subject of slavery any where. Tins question can
be taken out of Congress, can be withdrawn from
the arena of Federal politics in various ways.
One is an equitable partition of the territory be-
tween the two sections, with clauses in the Con-
stitution securing the enjoyment to the North and
to the South of the share of each. Another is,
a provision that Congress shall not legislate on
the subject anywhere, except in the two cases
; specified. Either of these provisions takes it out
; of Congress; and I am willing, as I have said, to
| meet gentlemen half way in accommodating this
difficulty. I do not ask them to come to any the-
ory of mine. I think it is the best one; but I am
willing, for the sake of the peace of the country,
i for the sake of this Union, to meet gentlemen half
| way and accommodate this question, as our fatli-
| ers did in the convention which framed the Con-
| stitution.
But the Senator does not see how honest men
can have any hope of this Union. He must par-
don me for clinging to the hope with as much
tenacity as I would to my life, that this Union may
be maintained forever. I do not expect to con-
vince that class of Union men who propose to
destroy the Union in order to preserve it; to break
I it up in order to maintain it. I do not expect to
! convince those northern Abolitionists who believe
I that the Constitution is a league with hell, and
| get them to meet us and save the Union. I do
| hope that there is patriotism enough left m Sen-
; ators of various parties to unite and put down
these two extremes, and save the Union. [Ap-
plause in the galleries.] I hope that there is a
Union sentiment left in the southern States. I
believe that if we shall do justice by depriving
ourselves of the power to commit those aggres-
sions on the slavcholding States which we say
we do not intend to commit, adopt a constitutional
amendment rendering it impossible for us to do
what they think we mean to do, and what we say
we do not intend to do, there will be Union men
enough in Virginia, in Maryland,and Noith Car-
olina, and in all the border States, and in all the
cotton States too, who will outvote the secession-
ists and preserve this Union.
I desire, sir, to make my appeal to the Union
men of the country, North and South; to the con-
servative feeling of the country; to the great pa-
triotic heart of the people; and to ask them toariso
in their might, and overthrow any party that will
combine to destroy this Union for any purpose.
I do not desire any section, or any State, to give
up any right under the Constitution. In one
sense, the remaik of the Senator from Vnginia,
and the indorsement of the Senator from New
Hampshire, was just. The Senator fiom Vir-
ginia wants no concessions; he is satisfied with
the Constitution as it is, as he understands it.
The Senator from N'*w Hampshire wants no
change. lie is satisfied with the Constitution,as
he understands it. But il so happens that these
two Senators do not understand the Constitution
in the same way; and each of them will break
up the Union before he will accept the construc-
tion of the other. In that is the trouble; and how
are you going to reconcile it? The Senator from
Virginia cannot argue the Senator from New
Hampshire out of 1ns construction; nor can the
Senator from New Hampshire argue the Senator
from Virginia out of his. How, then, is it to be
settled? You must either adhere to your two
extreme positions and dissolve the Union, be-
cause you each think you are right, or you must
agree to .such an amendmenfof the Constitution
as will settle and fix the construction of it in all
future time. Hence it comes to the single point,
that either we must amend the Constitution so as
to settle the points in dispute, or prosecute the
" irrepicssible conflict" between the intervention-
ists north and the interventionists south,destroy
the Government, and each chargc it on the other.
Under these circumstances, I do not undeistand
how any man can be a friend of the Union who
is opposed to such a compromise of the matters
m dispute as will preseive it. I hear the Repub-
licans, the extreme men—for there arc Union
men, I find, on that side of the Chamber; but the
uncompromising men on that side of the Chamber
are loud in their professions of attachment to the
Union; just as loud in those professions as the
Senator from Texas, just as sincere, just  « patri-
otic, and yet rushing with the same rapidity to the
destruction of the very Union they profess to
revere. The man that will not compromise by
settling the construction on this disputed point,
has no right to claim that he is a Union man.
I fear there are disuniomsts, north and south,
in the sense in which I understand the term: not
in the sense in which the Senator from Texas, or
the gentlemen on the other side understand it. I
fear there are men in both sections of the Union,
who think it is better for their section to have the
Union dissolved; I fear there are men in both sec-
tions of the Union who, for political reasons, would
like to have it dissolved; I fear there are men
in both sections, who think that their party could
control one half of the country, when they could
not hope to govern the whole. I fear that these
considerations are restraining patriotic men from
making those concessions which are essential to
the salvation, the peace, and the perpetuity of
this Union. It is not agreeable to me to express
this conviction. I have attempted to express it
in terms as mild and as little offensive as possible;
but I now say before high Heaven—and let it go
upon the wires, to the four corners of the Re-
public—that in my opinion, there are Uisunionists
on this side of the Chamber and on that; di&union-
ists south and north, and as many north as
south, in both Halls of Congress; and I think it
is time that the Union men of both Houses begin
to come together, and act in concert, and let the
uncompromising mm of both sections, who pre-
fer the dissolution of the Union to the dissolution
of their party, who prefer the destruction of the
