86
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 23,
36th Cong....2d Sess.
State of the Union—Mr. Lovejoy.
Ho. of Reps.
his master, but not to touch him; and this pro-
cess is repeated till this noble animal comas and
bows his neck to the li'and of his subduer, over-
come by the magic power of calmness, self-pos-
session, and a firm will.
So with this disunion Mazeppa. It was very
furious, and covered itself with foam, and threat-
ened to devour us. Its very fury and precipitancy
proved its conscious weakness and fear. If we
had been cool, calm, self-possessed, doing noth-
ing to conciliate on the one hand, and nothing to
irritate on the other, we should hare had, ere
now, a strap around tho leg of this disunion
courser. But no; like the old Wings, having
achieved a victory, we were affrighted at our own
success, even as the witch of Endor fell aghast be-
fore the venerable form she had conjured up. We
appointed a committee of compromise—a grave
mistake for us, a carnival for the Democracy,
affording-*them a possible opportunity of recon-
structing, what was, but for our folly, an irrecov-
erably lost party. If we had only known in that
our day the things which belonged to our peace.
[Laughter.] Solomon says, " In vain is the snare
set in the sight of any bird;" but I doubt, though
his researches seem to have been extensive, if he
ever fell in with that species of the feathered tribe
described by modern naturalists as the gull.
But the premier, as he is called, is for a compro-
mise, I am told. I do not know, and will not be-
lieve that, until I am obliged to; although I con-
fess, instead of philosophical and polished essays,
Sailing like a beautiful barge around Point-no-
Eoint, I wish the Cicero of the American Senate
ad turned his eye on the Catiline of Georgia,
and said, in the abrupt and vehement invective
of the Roman consul, "Qi lousquc tandem abulen,
Calilina, patientia nostra!"
It is said thatour Presidentelect is for compro-
mise. This I do not, cannot, and never will be-
lieve, until I have it from his own lips or his own
acts. I know he has too much regard for tho com-
mon appellation by which he is familiarly known,
of " Honest Old Abe," ever to believe that he
will betray the principles of the Republican party,
which were made distinctly and squarely in the
last campaign, of inflexible, unalterable opposi-
tion to the extension of human slavery. But, sir,
even if it were true that the President elect and
future Cabinet advise compromise, I will not fol-
low their lead one step, if they or an angel fiom
Heaven preach any other Republican gospel than
that which was proclaimed at Chicago, let them
be anathema maranatha—accursed till the people
come to curse them. For oil the batons of earth,
and all the diadems of I-Ieaven, 1 would not, in
their place, betray or disappoint the hopes of the
people whose confidence and suffrages have placed
them in power.
Under the leadership of no man or angel, by
the entreaties of no friends, by the threats of 110
enemies, by no hope of reward or fear of pro-
scription, will I.ever yield the millionth part of
a hair more guarantee to this slave power, at any
time; and, were it otherwise, I would not until we
settle tho question whether we have a Government
or not. Tho spider's most attenuated thread is
cord, is cable, to that gossamer line that 1 will yield
in the way of compromise or concession to the
claims of slavery. [Laughter.] I wanted to say
agoodmany kind things inthisspecch. [Renewed
laughter.]
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I move that the
gentleman's time be extended.
Mr. WINSLOW. I object.
Mr. LOVE TOY. I must pass oversome things.
I was paying my regards to the Republican party.
I repeat, that wo made the issue squarely, dis-
tinctly, without hypocrisy or disguise, before the
people, and they decided that a President should
be elected who was opposed to the extension of
human slavery. They elected him in a constitu-
tional mode; and all that we ask is, that he shall
be inaugurated. And let me tell you, gentlemen,
who are friends of compromise, who want these
differences settled, let me tell you that one twelve
months of the administration of Abraham Lin-
coln will do more to disabuse the public mind than
all the compromises and peace measures that can
be patched up in Congress. Let him have a trial,
a fair trial. We will abate not 0110 jot of our
principle, or add anything to our creeii.
I think I know something of the anti-slavery
feeling of the people. It is earnest, religious,
ineradicable; it may be deceived, but cannot be
annihilated; it will spring up from discomfiture
with irrepressible elasticity and strength; it is
law-abiding and loyal to the Constitution; but it
has resolved that this Government shall not be
administered under the control of the slaveholding
power. If disappointed as to the ultimate results
of the recent election, God has raised up the man
who will lead it to substantial success. His homo
overlooks the river called Beautiful. One who, to
the sagacity of New York, and the honesty of
Illinois, adds the firmness of Jackson, the states-
manship of Pitt, the religious sentiment of Wil-
berforce, and the administrative ability of Wil-
liam of Orange. The people, by their suffrages,
will bear him to the Executive chair, when free-
dom's hopes will not bo disappointed, nor her
purposes thwarted by the timidity of the fearful
nor the treachery of the corrupt.
Sir, it is said that this Republican party is in
favor of Che abolition of slavery in the States.
The Republican party are in favor of no such
thing. " Well, but Lovejoy is," as I have heard
it whispered around here. I merely wish to re-
peat—and I am willing to do so for the thousandth
time, if it is necessary to disabuse the public
mind—that I am not in favor of abolishing sla-
very in the States where its exists by any act of
Congress. I never held to that doctrine, and never
advocated it. If a bill were brought m here for
that purpose to-day, I would not vote for it; be-
cause 1 do not think that the Constitution gives
us tho power to abolish it; and not because I do
not wish to sec it abolished, for God knows that
I do. I want to see despotism abolished every-
where. I want to seo slavery abolished in South
Carolina; but it does not follow, therefore, that I
would vote to have the Army and Navy go down
there and abolish it. I want to sec it abolished
in the slave States; and if I were a native of Mary-
land, Virginia, Kentucky, Tennessee, or any of
the slave States,! would vote to abolish it. Wash-
ington has said as much; and I hope there is noth-
ing criminal in my now saying it.
But the Republican party do not believe, there
is not a man who voted for Lincoln who believes,
that we have the constitutional power to abolish
slavery in the States where it now exists; and 1
do not suppose there is one who desires that that
power should bo exercised unconstitutionally, as
we hold it is. I am willing, if it will not be thought
tedious, to go over this question of equality which
my Demociatic friends in Illinois and 1 have gone
over so often. " You are in favor of negro equal-
ity." No, we are not; notm the sense which you
mean. 1 believe this: that all men are created
equal, and that every human being has an equal
title to life, liberty, and tho fruits of an honest
toil. That I do believe. But wc do not hold
that they are socially equal, or that they are ne-
cessarily politically equal, or intellectually equal.
We claim that the poorest and the lowest human
being who hears God's image, and was redeemed
by the blood of Christ, has a right to liberty, life,
and the fruits of his labor. This we do believe;
at least I do. The chairman of the committee,
the other day, speaking of the distinction which
was insisted 011 between persons and property, said
mirthfully that we might, if we chose, call it
divinity or theology. This, though not so in-
tended, I know, seemed to be in mockery of four
million human beings that were lying prostrate
around him, crushed, 1 leeding, and hopeless.
There is one glorious being who never derides the
sufferings of the poor and lowly. On His thigh
and on His vesture is written the blessed and only
| Potentate, King of Kings and Lord of Lords.
] This exalted personage humbled Himself and
! came down, till He nestled beside the lowest form,
the most degraded type of humanity, and whis-
i peied in accents of divine love, "my brother."
We might as well mock at the bloody agony of
Christ, as to jeer at the miseries of the poor slave.
The Union men of the border States, it is said,
want something to stand upon. I am willing to
disabuse the minds of the people of the southern ;
States; and more than that, I am willing to go ;
and canvass those States, if you will guaranty
my personal safety. [Laughter.] This remark I
excites a smile; but I insist upon it, Mr. Speakei, I
that had I been permitted to go into either of those
States, Maryland, Virginia, Tennessee, Ken-
tucky, and especially Kentucky—for I have many
constituents from that State who came to me after
hearing me speak during the last campaign, with
a warm greeting of hand and tongue, saying they
were as strong and as ultra Abolitionists as my-
self—I would have given them all the vantage
ground they desired. If the Union men of the
slave States want something to stand upon, I will
give them the Constitution of the United States. It
seems to me, if I were known there, or had the ad-
vantage of being a native-born citizen of one of
those States, I could take those stars arid-stripes,
and waving them before the multitude, tell them it
was the ilag that Washington followed; the flag
which led on the soldiers of the Revolution, while
tracking their pathway in blood; that it was the
flag which floated over Yorktown and Saratoga;
tho flagbeneath which Sumter and Marion fought;
tho flag that? was bathed in aflood of glory on the
hikes, and guided the hero of the Hermitage in
1812 and 1815; and still later, coming to that gorge
of the mountain at Buena Vista, where armed foes
poured down in almost countless hosts; I would
tell them that northern soldiers and southern sol-
diers, side by side, followed that flag and snatched
victory from the very jaws of defeat. I know I
could turn back this insane mania of disunion.
Mr. HIND MAN. Will the gentleman allow
me a question ?
Mr. LOVEJOY. Certainly.
Mi.HINDMAN. Would the gentleman, at
the same time, tell those people, that while they
and his fellow-citizens won those territories by
the joint expenditure of blood and treasure, he
and his party would not permit them to remove
with their slave property into the domain of the
United States so acquired?
Mr. LOVEJOY. Certainly I would. I might
thank the gentleman for that question. Yes, sir;
I would say to the citizens of the slave States that
I believe in the equality of the States; that I be-
lieve in the equality of the citizens of the States;
that I believe that the citizens of South Carolina,
Tennessee, and Arkansas, have the same right
to go into the Territories as the citizens of New
York, Pennsylvania,or Massachusetts. I would
say that neither one of them could carry their
slaves there; and, therefore, they arc still upon an
equality. They can go there without slaves and
we can go there without slaves, and we are upon
a perfect equality in regard to that matter. But
let me say that the Territories are for your free
non-slaveholding population, who want them free
States, as we do. Southern Illinois was settled
by that class of people. Southern Indiana was
settled by that class of people. If I recollect
aright, only about two million are interested in
slave property, while the other six million, and
all the millions of the fiee States, are interested
in having free States.
Besides that, I want to ask the gentleman an-
other question. Wouldhelike to carry anything
into the Territories that would keep the citizens
of the free States from going there? If slavery
goes into the Territories, the citizens of the free
States will not go there.
Mr. HINDMAN. The ancestors of the gen-
tleman, I believe, lived under the jurisdiction of
States which recognized the institution of slavery;
and I am not aware that any of them emigrated
because of tho existence of slavery in any of the
thirteen States. * '
But the gentleman says he desires to know
whether I wish to take into the Territories any
property or institution which would exclude
northern men from going there. I desire to take
into the Territories of the Union the property
recognized by the constitution of my State. I
feel that I am entitled to go with it there, with my
fellow-citizens; and I am not content to yield up
that right, under any circumstances whatever, in
reference to any portion of the Territories of this
Government. If northern men will allow that to
prevent them from emigrating there, it is an in-
dulgence upon their part, and an idle fantasm, in
behalf of which I ap not bound to sacrifice my
rights.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I need not go into a discus-
sion of that point. I mightargue it from the single
stand-point of property. It certainly is not com-
