670
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 31,
sheba; which the people in the cotton States have
.warred on; and which they have declared was
worse than Sewardism; for it had hypocrisy, and
the other was bold and open. It was a petty-
larceny, pick-pocket sort of policy, while the
other was the open, foot-pad " stand and deliver."
That is just the truth about the matter, and he
knows it; but yet lie brings this policy up here.
The apple of discord is offered to us as the fruit
of peace.
Now, I am in the habit of saying just what 1
think, and just what I choose to say; and I do
not choose to have this matter discussed in these
general terms here any longer, so far as I am con-
cerned,and beheld upasadisunionistandodious
to the country, when I know that men here who
have produced all the difficulty have offered no
means of reconciliation. These are facts. He
says we do not want a settlement, and will not
i'oin the patriotic men in settling the difficulties.
say I will. I say that I will vote for any prop-
osition to-day, will do it to-morrow, will do it
until I leave the Senate, provided itgives us what
we arc entitled to under the Constitution; and I
ask nothing more; and that I will advise the peo-
ple whom 1 represent to stay their hands and to
wait, if there is a reasonable prospect of that prop-
osition being ratified by a sufficient number of
States north of Mason and Dixon's line to make
it a part of the Constitution. I am willing to do
that. You say that my proposition is impracti-
cable; that I am demanding more than I am en-
titled to. I answer, that it is not so; the Consti-
tution of the United States recognizes the right of
man to own property in man; the Constitution
kept open the slave trade for twenty years; pro-
hibited cither Congress or the States themselves
from stopping it during the first twenty years.
The first treaty we ever made with England
declared that slaves were property, and provided
for their being delivered up. So did the first treaty
wo ever made with an Indian nation—with the
Delawares. Even in treating with savage nations,
wc stipulated expressly that slaves should be de-
livered up, recognizing slaves as property. ISy
our treaties, by our legislation, by our Constitu-
tion, slaves are recognized as property; but this
lias been denied by the Republican party; and the
Senator from Illinois says," I am unwilling to say
whether it is property or not; all I ask is non-
intervention; we will not protect it; we will not
confiscate it; and you are an impracticable dis-
unionisst, a traitor, if yon do notagrec to my com-
promise, because it is a great principle, and it was
in the Nebraska-Kansas bill." Whatever was
in the Nebraska-lvansas bill is a great principle,
and, of course, we ought to be satisfied with it.
Now, sir, I got him on the witness stand, and
began examining him, but he is hard to keep there;
you cannot huld that Senator to anything. I am
done, unless he should reply.
Mr. LATHAM. I ask now that the motion
may be put which I nnule at one o'clock.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion is
to postpone the question of printing extra num-
bers of the message of the President, and make it
the special order for one o'clock to-morroW.
The motion was agreed to.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The PRESIDING OFFICER laid before the
Senate a message of the President of the United
States, transmitting a report of the Secretary of
State, 111 answer to a resolution of the Senate of
the 19th instant, requesting a copy of correspond-
ence between the Department, of State and minis-
ters of foreign Powers at Washington, in regard
to foreign vessels in the port of Charleston; which,
on motion of Mr. Sumner, was ordered to lie on
the table, and be printed.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. RICE presented the memorial of the Gov-
ernor and Legislature of Utah Territory, praying
for the establishment of a mail route and mail ser-
vice through the counties of Tooele and Shambip,
in Utah Territory, which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
He also presented a memorial of the Governor
and Legislature of Uiah Territory, praying fur
the establishment of a mail route and mail service
through the chain of settlements along the Provo
and Weber rivers, in the Territory of Utah;
which was referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
TREATY -WITH NEW GRANADA.
Mr. MASON presented an amendment, which
he gave notice of his intention to offer at the
proper time, to the bill (S. No. 543) to carry into
effect a convention between the United States and
the Republic ofNew Granada; which was ordered
to be printed.
Mr. GREEN. What is the business now pend-
ing before the Senate ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. In response
to the inquiry of the Senator from Missouri, the
Chair will say that the next business in order is
the territorial bill which was under consideration
yesterday.
Mr. GREEN. I move that the Senate adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.  
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES
Thursday, January 31, 18G1.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. J. G. Butler.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
COMPROMISE RESOLUTIONS.
Mr. NIXON. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to presenttlie preamble and resolu-
tions of the Legislature of the State of New Jer-
sey, upon the proper measures to be taken by Con-
gress for the pacification of the country. These
resolutions come from a gallant and conservative
State, ever faithful to all her constitutional obli-
gations, and should reccivc the attention of the
House. In so far as they do not indicate any
particular mode of adjustment, and express the
general wish that Congress shall adopt some plan
which will permanently settle the whole contro-
versy about slavery, I bolicve that they express
the wishes of a large majority of the people of
New Jersey, without rcspect to party.
The resolutions were laid on the table, and
ordered to be printed.
FALSE STAMPS, ETC.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to have House bill No. 330
taken up and acted on. It is a public bill, in
which the constituents of every gentleman are
interested; and I hope there will be no objection.
The bill, being a bill to prevent and'punish
fraud in the use of false stamps, molds, dies,
brands, labels, or trade-marks, was read for in-
formation.
Mr. NOELL. The General Government has
nothing to do with the punishmentof that crime;
and I sliall object to taking up the bill.
Mr. MOORHEAD The gentleman's constit-
uents have petitioned very largely for that bill.
Mr. NOELL. I would have no objection to it
if the General Government had any power over
the subject.
Mr. MOORHEAD. It is necessary for the
security of commerce.
Mr. McKNIGIIT. I appeal to the gentleman
to withdraw his objection.
Mr. NOELL. I insist upon my objection.
COMPROMISE RESOLUTIONS.
Mr. STRATTON, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented a petition, signed by citizens of New Jer-
sey without distinction of party, praying the
passage by Congress of the Crittenden compro-
mise resolutions, or some similar resolutions;
which was laid on the table.
WASHINGTON AND GEORGETOWN RAILWAY.
Mr. IvILGORE, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee for the District of Columbia, re-
ported back, with an amendment, a bill to incor-
porate the Washington City and Georgetown
Railway Company; which was recommitted to
the committee, and ordered to be printed.
MINOT LEDGE LIGIIT-IIOUSE.
Mr. ELIOT, by unanimous consent, reported
from the Committee on Commerce, a bill to reg-
ulate the compensation of the keeper and assist-
ant keepers of the Minot Ledge light-house, and
for other purposes; which was read a first and
second time.
Mr. ELIOT. I ask that the bill may be put
upon its passage; and I beg leave to say that its
passage is called for by the wants of the light-
house, and is recommended by the Department
here. No money is aaked for. It is necessary
to have three keepers, and the bill docs not enlarge
the compensation in consequence of the appoint-
ment of the third keeper.
No objection being made, the bill was ordered
to be engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. COLFAX. I call for the regular order of
business.
CRITTENDEN PROPOSITIONS. Oa
Mr. CLARKJ of Missouri, presented a nM.fo-
rial from certain citizens of Missouri, asking the
adoption of the Crittenden propositions; which
was laid upon the table.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the Treasury Department, trans-
mitting copies of the Treasurer's accounts of re-
ceipts and disbursements for the service of the
Post Office Department for the fiscal year ending
30th of June, 1860; which were laid on the table,
and ordered to be printed.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
communication from the Secretary of War, in
answer to a resolution of the House requesting
correspondence not heretofore published in regard
to General Harney's administration in Oregon;
which was laid on the table, and ordered to be
printed.
REPRESENTATIVE FROM KANSAS.
Mr. HINDMAN. I rise to a question of priv-
ilege. I submit the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be, and
they aid hereby, instructed to inquire whether Hon. Mar-
tin F. Conway, claiming to represent the State of Kansas,
ha-* been legally and constitutionally elected a Represent-
ative to the Congress of the United States from said State;
and that said committee report by bill or otherwise.
Mr. GROW. I thought the Kansas business
was ended.
The resolution was agreed to.
ALEXANDRIA, ETC., RAILROAD.
Mr. BOTELER. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to discharge the Committee of the
Whole House from the further consideration of
Senate bill No. 64, to authorize the extension and
use of a branch of the Alexandria, Loudoun, and
Hampshire railroad within the city of George-
town.
There being no objection, the Committee of the
Whole House was discharged from the further
consideration of the bill, and the House pro-
ceeded to consider it.
The bill was read the third time, and passed.
Mr. BOTELER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
COAST SURVEY REPORT.
Mr. FLORENCE introduced the following res-
olution; which was read, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Printing:
Resolvedj Thatthe Committee on Printing be directed to
inqune into the expediency of printing five thousand extra
copies of the report of the Superintendent of the Coast Sur-
i vey.
POST ItOCTK BILL.
Mr. COLFAX. I must now insist on the reg-
ular order of business.
The SPEAKER. ' The regular order of busi-
ness is the Senate amendments to the post route
bill, the question being on the motion of ihegen-
tleman from Missouri [Mr. Phelps] to lay on
the table the following Senate amendment:
Sec. 22. %/ind be it further enacted, That the cost of the
sorvicc authorized in the three prccrdniji t-octions of this
act, find that now peiformmg on the inland routes num-
bered 8911, 12801, 12578, and £076, shall be paid, after an-
nual appropriation, bvtho flociotary of the Tieasmy, upon
the certificate of poivice trorn the Postma-tei General, ex-
cept so far as appropriations may already have been made
for such service.
On thatthe question has been
That is so. The yeas and
Mr. PHELPS.
ordered.
The SPEAKER.
nays are ordered.
Mr. COLFAX. That would have the effect of
laying the whole bill on the table.
The SPEAKER. The effect of the vote is to
lay the whole subject on the table. The vote to
lay the amendments on the table affects the
whole bill.
