88
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 17,
36tii Conu. ... 2d Sess.
State of the Union—Mr. Sicicles.
Ho. of Reps.
ernment became pledged in the election of Mr.
Lincoln.
The Government of the United States has be-
come Puritan and prescriptive; it has ceased to
be catholic 'and tolerant, as it was formed, and
has continued from the administration of Wash-
ington down to the election of Lincoln. The vital
element of our political system has ever been the
equality of the States; and from'this follows the
corresponding duty of non-interference with their
local institutions, and the recognition of the right
of every citizen to equal privileges in the Terri-
tories. The essential characteristic of Puritanism
is the employment of the powers of Government
to compel a uniform recognition of the opinions
of'tlie majority in all things. The Constitution
of the United States imposes no test upon the in-
stitutions of a State or Territory, except that they
shall be republican. It was designed for a Con-
federation, embracing every element of civiliza-
tion, which could be developed under republican
institutions. The triumph of the Puritan element
of tho North, involves the probable destruction of
the federative principle of the Constitution, and
the consolidation of the Government under the
absolute power of a majority, which is one of the
forms of despotism.
Such is the character of the revolution begun
in November. It was peaceful in form, I concede,
but none the less comprehensive and radical. We
are now in the presence of the second phase of
the revolution, which is the secession of several
of the States of the Confederacy. Secession, also,
was avowed as a peaceful remedy. It was in-
tended as a remedy by means of which the ag-
grieved States could, without conflict, escape the
consequences of the revolution already in progress,
and after they had lost the means of motecting
themselves within the Government. I do not pro-
pose, sir, to discuss tho question of tho right of
secession. It is too late for that. The reserved
rights of the States is familiar New York doc-
trine. They were more insisted upon, perhaps,
in our convention which ratified the Constitution,
because, of all the States, New York was the moat
reluctant to yield its assent to the Union. Even
in tho colonial times, long before the Revolution,
we had occasion to consider this question in our
controversy with Vermont, where the light of a
community to form an independent government
was successfully asserted, after a long struggle,
in which Ethan Allen won as much distinction as
he afterwards gained at Ticondcroga.1"
I might, in passing, compare the remedy of seces-
sion with various constitutional remedies which are
unquestioned, and which, perhaps, would be more
effectual for the redress of grievances. Take, for
instance, sir, the remedy of refusing supplies to the
Government. Ever since the seventeenth century
this has been recognized as a constitutional pro-
ceeding. Ithas been occasionally and successfully
employed in English history to compel modifica-
tions of the British Constitution. It was employed
to ameliorate the monarchical and aristocratical
elements of the Government and to secure larger
powers to the people. Suppose it were applied
here; suppose there was a sufficient representation
in both Houses to make it effectual; suppose the
Representatives from the southern States alone,
without including their friends among the 1101 th-
em Representatives, had determined, in a body,
to resort to every parliamentary resource to cut
off supplies from the Federal Government. With-
out supplies we all know that the Federal Govern-
ment would crumble to dust in a year; it would
be paralyzed from head to foot; it would be com-
* Tlie dispute between Vermont and New Yoik, uluch
begun in 1709, and continued until i,> an in?trucuvo
passage in our political history, illustrating tho iclatiOiH of
the colonies to each other, and to the Uonfedeidtion. The
Independence of Vermont was not recognized i>y Congiess
until she had sucees -fully asserted and vindicated it against
Great Britain, New Yoik, arid even Congress itself. It i>
difficult to say whether one mo-'t admires the address ot'
herdiploma^sts, the courage of hei military leader, oi tho
sturdy virtue of the " Gieen Mountain Iloysbut certain it
is, that between her intrigues with the British and her nego-
tiations with Congress, her alliance with Massachusetts
and hormonal antagonism with New Yoi k—Vet mout, after
a long and eventful struggle, baflled all her adversities,
established herindependence asa sovereign State, and was
duly admitted into the Union upon an equal footing with
New York, her old enemy, but evermore, I trust, her good
friend. (See Lippincott's Cabinet Histories, Vermont,
chaps. 12, and 14, for the narrative of tins controversy.)
polled to yield to any assailant. That remedy was
not resorted to, although Mr. Lincoln's party
failed to electa majority in either House of Con-
gress.
Another remedy conceded to be within the
Constitution is retaliation. I mean retaliatory
legislation as between the States; restrictions upon
commerce and trade and intercourse. Mr. Ste-
phens, of Georgia, and other southern statesmen,
have devised and suggested such measures, the
constitutionality of which is maintained by the
ablest jurists. A third remedy would have been
the withdrawal of all the southern Representatives
in both branches of Congress. To illustrate the
efFectofit: suppose the election of a President had
devolved upon one or other of the two Houses of
Congress, and the Representatives of a sufficient
number of States in that body had withdrawn to
prevent the formation of a constitutional quorum:
that would have rendered the constitutional elec-
tion of a President impossible, and the conse-
quences to the Government of a failure to choose
an Executive, in the manner required by the Con-
stitution, I need not stop to elaborate.
A fourth alternative, so far as the territorial ques-
tion is concerned, would have been for the south-
ern States to occupy, by immigration, such por-
tions of the common territory as they desired,
and protect their slave property in the territory
by such force as might he necessary to repel in-
terference. "By the law of the land, they would
undoubtedly havehad a right to defend their prop-
erty by any amount of force necessary to over-
come any species of attack. This remedy would
have been what is called " fighting within the
Union." I say, therefore, sir, in a general way,
without amplifying these illustrations, that the
remedy of secession chosen by the aggrieved
States, was perhaps the least effectual as a mode
of constramt-upon tho Government. Itwill remain
to be considered, Mr. Chairman,how far the plan
of peaceable secession has been consistently car-
ried out. It will remain to be seen whether or no
the precipitate action of South Carolina and other
southern States and communities has not essen-
tially changed the original character of the seces-
sion movement. It will remain to be shown
whether or no, by their interference with the forts,
arsenals, navy-yards, and the common property
of the Confederacy, they have not committed a
fatal error in the development of their own policy,
themselves initiating that resort to force and " co-
ercion " which they have so wisely, and, as I
think, so justly deprecated.
Before proceeding to that branch of the subject,
I will allude, cursorily, to the policy proposed by
the dominant parly in the northern States in the
present condition of affairs. With remarkable
unanimity they insist upon the employment of
atmics and fleets to compel the allegiance of un-
willing States. If this policy were just, it is im-
possible. To what end shall wo make war upon
a member of the Union ? It could not be expected
that the most successful prosecution of hostilities
would end in reconciliation. Shall we seek to
subjugate the South and, obliterating the States,
hold it as a mere territory, by conquest? This
would be repugnant to the theory of our Govern-
ment, which has for its basis States and citizens,
not dependencies or subjects. Jf the purpose of
such a war be to destroy the power of the antag-
onistic States, as foreign enemies, let me implore
you to wait for sufficient evidence of their hostil-
ity, and be sure that you have exhausted all the
means of conciliation. But I utterly deny that
the extremest Federalist, at the time of the forma-
tion of the Constitution, ever tolerated the idea
that the Federal Government, through any of its
instrumentalities, could constrain the political ac-
tion of any sovereign State, except by means of
the judicial power of the Supreme Court. It will
be sufficient to make this statement indisputable
to refer gentlemen to the exposition of the Consti-
tution by Alexander Hamilton. The founder and
leader of tho Federal party developed in the Fed-
eralist, cofemporancously with the adoption of
tho Constitution, the most powerful argument that
could be framed against the power or the utility
of employing coercion through the Federal Gov-
ernment upon a sovereign State. He proved to
his countrymen of that day, that it was that very
element in the Articles of Confederation which
made the Government of the Confederation im-
practicable. He proved, by numerous examples
from ancient and modern history ,*that whenever
the controversies between associated States had
resulted in an appeal to force, civil war and for-
eign intervention hastened the destruction of the
Confederation.
Sir, we all know that the Amphyctionic league,
one of the mostperfect confederated Republics that
existed among the GrecianStates, was destroyed
by an attempt to employ coercion upon one of the
States. The people of the resisting State—the Pho-
cian^—sought the alliance of Philip of Macedon.
Ready and eager to give it, he occupied the terri-
tory of the Republic with his armies, and settled
the quarrel by annexing the principal States to
Maccdon. The Achaean Confederacy, the last
and best hope of ancient liberty, was destroyed
by the intervention of Rome, on the appeal of
one of the confederated States, which sought this
mode of escaping the coercion of the league. The
passions of men are the same in all time. We
have, at this epoch, a Philip of Macedon in Louis
Napoleon of France, with armies such as the
world has never before seen,eager for employment;
with a Navy which would enable him to transfer
these armies to our shores sooner than Philip of
Maccdon could have marched to Athens Who
can fail to see that an attempt to subjugate the
States of the South by the Federal Government
would result in appeals for aid, for protection, for
alliances, for commercial treaties, in any quarter
where aid and succor could be found? The ar-
mies of Louis Napoleon and of Victoria, instead,
of the Congress of the United States, would be
made the arbiters of the issues arising out of the
existing revolution. The confederated Govern-
ments of modern times equally illustrate the same
views. The more familiar instances arc found in
the history of the Germanic Confederation, the
United Netherlands, and the Confederacy of Po-
land. No instance more apposite can be cited
than that furnished by our own struggle for inde-
pendence, which was not accomplished without
the intervention of France.
Having adverted, sir, to the southern remedy,
* To those who are disposed to follow this bianch of the
discussion, and especially to the Republicans who medi-
tate the subjugation of the seceding States, f commend the
essay.? fiom Nos. 15 to 20 of the Federalist, both inclusive,
lu denying this power to the Fedeial Government, Madi-
son and Hamilton fully concurred. Tney represented, in
this opinion, both of the great parties and all the leading
public men of their day in this country. Who will look
fmther foi authoritative exposition of the principles and
faculties of our Government? Hamilton says, (No. 1G :)
" Even in those confederacies which have been composed
of members smaller than many of our counties, the princi-
ple of legislation for sovereign States, supported by military
coercion, has never been found effectual. It has larely
been attempted to be employed but against the weaker
members: and, in most instances, attempts to eoeiee the
refractory and di<obedient have he<>n the signals of bloody
wars, in winch one half of the confederacy has displayed
its banners against the other."
Again . u Whoever considers the populousncss and
strength of several of these States singly at the present junc-
ture, and looks forward to what they will become, even at
the distance of a half a century, wiii at once dismbs as idle
and visionary any scheme which aims at regulating their
movement^ by laws, to operate upon them in'their collect-
ive capacities and to be executed by a coercion applicable
to them in the same capacities. A projectof this kind isa
lirtie le-s romantic than the monster-taming spirit attrib-
uted to the tabulous heioe-s and demigods of antiquity.'1
Aod finally: u if opposition to the national Government
should ari^e from the disorderly conduct of refractory or
seditious individuals, it could be overcome by the same
means which aie daily employed against the same evil
under the State governments. The magistracy being
equally the mimsteis of the law of the land, from what-
ever source it might emanate, would doubtless be as ready
to guaid the national as the local regulations from the in-
loads of private licentiousness. As to those partial com-
motions and insurrections which sometimes disquiet soci-
ety fiotn the intrigues of an inconsiderable faction, oi from
sudden or occasional ill-humors, that do not infect the great
body of the community, the General Government could
command more extensive resouices lor the suppression of
disturbances of that kind than would be in the power of any
single member. And as to those moital feuds, which in cer-
tain conjunctures s-pread a conflagration thiough the whole
nation, or tinough a very huge piopomon of it, proceeding
either from weighty causes of discontent given by the Gov-
ernment. or from the contagion of some violent popular
paioxysm, they do not fall within any ordinary rulesof cal-
culation. When they happen they commonly amount to
icvolutions and dismemberment of empire. No form of gov-
ernment can always either avoid or control them. Jt is ia
vain to hope to guard against events too mighty for human
foiesight or precaution; and it would be idle to object to a
government because it could not perform impossibilities."
