672
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 81.
Mr. Chairman, it becomes necessary for us to
examine and ascertain first what is the nature of
the contract made by the Secretary of the Navy
with Ambrose W. Thompson. I concede that this
contract was conditional; that by its terms it was
to be submitted to the approval of Congress; and
that, if not approved, it was not to be valid. The
attempt was made at the last session to obtain
that approval. The Secretary of the Navy rec-
ommended to Congress to confirm and ratify that
contract; but Congress did not ratify nor confirm
the contract. After the close of the last session
of Congress, a supplemental contract was made
by the Secretary of the Navy with this party, ex-
tending the time for the ratification of the contract
to the present session of Congress; and also pro-
posing to make an additional grant on behalf of
the Chiriqui company of certain rights they alleged
to have obtained from the Government of Costa
Rica since the first contract was made with the
Secretary of the Navy. I say, then, it becomes
necessary to examine into the contract which is
now before us, and which we are now asked to
ratify; so that we may ascertain whether the ad-
vantages to accrue from the contract to the Gov-
ernment aie sufficient to warrant us in making the
appropriation we arc asked to make; and for that
purpose, 1 propose to recite, in the first place, the
reasons set forth in the preface of the contract. It
states that:
" Whereas it is desirable that the United States, on the
one part, should have the right of transit over the roadway
gi anted direct to &aid Ambrose W. Thompson through said
province, and extending from the Caiibbean sea to the
Pacific ocean, and the fuithcr right to use, as harbors, the
waters, gulfs, bays, or l.tgoon?) j-helteied or paitmlly sur-
rounded by the lands of tins said Thompson or the <aid im-
provement company, and the further right to use tlte coal
contained in portions ot cjud lands, for naval purposes, as
als>o the right to c«i«ibhsh coal depots and naval stations "
This is the recital. Then there is the question,
first, whether it is desirable for the United States
to have the rightof transit over this road way, and
the further right to use (ho harbors, waters, gulfv,
bays, or lagoons, &c., in a foreign nation. As if
individuals can grant the right to use a harbor, in
any manner whatever. Sir, the right to use a har-
bor does not vest in the individual property hold-
ers bordering upon that harbor. The light to use
an arm of the sea depends not upon the consent
of the owners of the lands adjacent. It is a right
affecting the commerce and navigation of the
country; and this right was secured to us by the
treaty with New Granada, of 1846.
I know that during the progress of this debate
it will be urged upon us that the Isthmus of Pa-
nama does not embrace, this roadway through the
province of Chiriqui. You will find the attempt
made to draw the distinction, that there is an
Isthmus of Chiriqui as well asun Isthmus of Pa-
nama. Now, sir, I say that by the action of our
Government and by the action of the Now Gr'a-
nadian Government under the treaty of 1K46, a
(h'fimUoh of tho tcvm " Isfhmnx of Panama" is
established. That treaty defines it to extend to
the southern border of the State of Costa Rica.
I say further that the right of way and the grant
to construct a railroad across the J.slhmus* of Pa-
nama, has been given exclusively by the New
Granadian Government to the Panama Railroad
Company; and that Government has thus shipped
itself of the power to grant the light of way to any
other party to construct a railroad across the Isth-
mus of Panama, whether on the part of the cen-
tral Government or any provincial Government.
Now, Mr. Chairman, the contract with the
Chiriqui company contains this stipulation,that—
"The United States shall have and enjoy a light of way
or tiauslt ovei i-aui road, which w hereby granted to them
by the party of the second puit, tree from nil mils or taxes
upon officer, agents, seamen, landsmen, mail*, munition*,
store*, troop-;, or any duvet piopeity of the United tftate*
which the Government thereot mav transport or e.iu-e to
be unreported ovei the said road <lm ing the continuance
ot the pioent gram made by the *aid pioviueeot Chniqui
to the >aul Ambrose XV. Thompson."
Sir, 1 say that the Chiriqui company have no
right to make such a grant to the Government of
the United States. I assert that the ordinance of
the Chit iquiGovernment,making the grant to im*
piovo an old road way, toThompson, provides—
"No foreign tioop> oi implement** of w.u belonging thoic-
to, can p: *s ovei the road without petnnssion from the
General Government or the liepubhc."
And this prohibition is made under the penalty
of the forfeiture of the grant.
In connection with this grant, there is what pur-
ports to be a further grant of lands, not exceed-
ing five thousand acres, on each side of the prov-
ince or Isthmus of Chiriqui as may be necessary
for said United States for coal depots and naval
stations at the lagoon of Chiriqui and the harbor
of Golfito, the same to be located at such points
as will secure good and sufficient depots and sta-
tions to the United States without impairing the
general value of any site for city or cities which
maybe laid off by Thompson, or the Chiriqui
company, on any of said lands. The said lands
to be selected and designated either on the main
land or islands, or both, as the United States may
determine, and within twelvemonths from the date
of the contract; and there is also an obligation to
convey a good and sufficient title to the Govern-
ment of the United States for the lands so granted.
The contract goes on to give the United States
the right to use, as harbors, the waters of the
lagoons, bays, or gulfs, sheltered or partially sur-
rounded by the lands of the said Thompson or
the said Chiriqui Improvement Company,on the
Atlantic and Pacific sides of the Isthmus, and in
the bays and gulfs wherever the lands.of the said
Thompson or said company may extend.
The fourth grant gives the United States the
right to all coal, for naval purposes, at or near the
points selected for coal depots and naval stations,
as aforesaid; butif coal shall be found of superior
quality for steam purposes in other places than
those so selected, then the United States shall have
the right to use the same, subject only to the tax
of one dime per ton, as provided to bo paid to the
provincial authorities of Chiriqui, in the grant
aforesaid,and the costofminingand delivering the
same.
The fifth provision of the contract is the stipu-
lation to pay $300,000 by the Government of the
United Slates, in consideration of these grants.
The supplemental article of the contract, which
has been added since the close of the last session
of Congress, grants to the Government of "the
United States any rights which the Chiriqui Im-
provement Company may have obtained from the
Government of Costa Rica.
Mr. Chairman, I have now recited the terms of
tins contract and the obligations on the part of the
grantors; and in consideration of those rights and
privileges, the Government of the United States,
on its part, stipulates to pay to the Chiriqui Im-
provement Company the sum of $300,000. The
interests, rights, and privileges of these giantors
are derived from several grants, which I will
briefly, but substantially, relate. The first is a
colonization grant, made to James A°now, of
lauds between rivers Las Esquinas and Clara, and
bordering on GolfoDulcc. The nextgrantis made
to A. W. Thompson. This grant was made by the
province of Chiriqui; and, in the language of the
grant itself, it is made <k for improving m a solid
manner, fit for the transit of wheeled vehicles, and
maintaining in good condition Ike provincial road
opened more than fourteen yans ago between this
city (David) and Boons del Toro," and forty
thousand fanegadas of land. That provincial road
was first opened more than fourteen years before
between the City of David and Cocas del Toro.
There was also twenty thousand fanegadas of land
additional granted foi the maintenance of a police
for the good order and preservation of the road.
A fanegada, if 1 am not misinformed, is about an
acre and a half of land.
These grants have been assigned by the grant-
ees to the Chiriqui Improvement Company. I
do not propose, at this time, to say anything in
reference to the terms of the conveyance, or the
instruments of writing by which the assignments
have been made. The Chiriqui Improvement
Company has been incorporated by the laws of
the State of Pennsylvania.
The third consists of grants made to Messrs.
J. R. Morell & Co., of coal mines m the district
of Bocas del Toro, of coal mines on Pope's island,
and a grant of land for the development of the
coal-minmg opeiations of twenty-five thousand
fanegadas, and the exclusive rightfor twenty-five
years for a canal from the river Changuinola to
the Chiriqui lagoon.
The fourth is a srantfor a railroad, by the Re-
public of Costa Rum, to A. W. Thompson and
his associates, for the term of sixty years, to be
constructed between the Pacific and Atlantic
oceans. The termini are described asfollows:
"The southern terminus of said road shall be at the point
most convenient between Punta Mala or Balna de Coro-
nado, as it is laid down in Kicpert's map, and the dividing
line between Co.sta Riea and New Gianada,
" The northern terminus shall be upon the dividing line
aforesaid, m the direction of the Bahia del Almuantr, or
the lagoon of Chiriqui, or the coa^t of the Atlantic, be-
tween FuntaUVita or Cuouita,accoiding to the same map,
and the dividing ime already reteiredto."
Having now recited the grants which have been
made to different individuals, I will, for the sake
of argument, admit that they are all consolidated
into the Chiriqui Improvement Company, by
virtue of the different conveyances made to it.
Whether they have been, or not, is a matter really
immaterial to the object I have in view. My ob-
ject is to show that it would be wrong for the
Government of the United States to ratify this
contract, becausc the Government will, in fact,
obtain nothing in consideration of the $300,000,
which it is proposed to pay to this Chiriqui Im-
provement Company. We are all aware of the
importance — I may add, the necessity—of our
securing the right of transit across the various
isthmus routes between the Atlantic and Pacific
oceans. 1 am willing to concede the vast import-
ance and the necessity of securing the control of
one of these isthmuses, in order to shorten the
distances between our Atlantic and Pacific pos-
sessions; and i have ever been willingto achieve
that result. Whenever individuals have obtained
grants for opening a transit route, either by the
Isthmus of Tehuantepec, or the Isthmus of Nic-
aragua, or by any other isthmus, so far as I could,
consistently with my obligations and my duties
to the Government, 1 have been willing to protect
the rights which they may have obtained from
the Governments which have jurisdiction over
these routes.
When the contract was made by the Secretary
of the Navy with the Chiriqui Improvement Com-
pany, that company had no grant for the con-
struction of a railroad. The grant is u for im-
proving in a solid manner, fit for the transit or
wheeled vehicles, and maintaining in good condi-
tion the provincial road opened more than fourteen
years ago." This road extends from the Chiri-
qui lagoon to David—not to the Pacific ocean. It
is an old liigliway. It crosses the Coidilleras,
whose altitude is from seven to eight thousand
feet. The length of this road is about sixty
miles. The gi\wt is to improve the road fit for
carriages and wagons, and to keep it in good
repair—not to make a railroad, but to improve a
highway.
I am fortified in this opinion by the opinion of
Hon. J. S. Black, late Attorney Gencuil of the
United States, delivered at the request of the Sec-
retary of the Navy, prior to the making of the
contuict, and also by the opinion of the attorney
general of New Granada. The question arose
in the New Granadian Government: does the
grant for the improvement of this old road inter-
fere with the rights which have been vested in the
Panama Railway Company ? The decision was,
that it did not; because this grant was not for a
railroad, but for the improvement of the old pro-
vincial road, which, as i have already stated, was
opened fourteen years before the grant was made
to Thompson. 1 will read an extract from the
decision of the Nfcw Granadian Government. It
is as follows:
Province of Chiriqui, Republic ok Nfw Grenada,
DEPAHTMPNT OF THE iN'XTItlOR,
Bogota, July 1, 1855.
Section % No. 3.
To the Jffi Superior of the Stale of Panama :
The Governor of the aneient*p 'ovince of Chiriqui, in an
official dispatch of Februaiy 23, No. 2, remitted to this de-
pat tment a copy of the ordinance passed by the Lc<n-latuie
ot th.it piovince, granting an twclu.-ive privilege to Mi. Am-
bio«e \V. Thompson for imptovmg the piovincial road fioni
David to the lagoon of Chiriqui ; the t-aid oidmance was
handed to the attorney geneial of the nation, that he
nn^ht examine it, and ascertain if it infringed any of the
rights ot the Panama Railroad Company. lie has leportcd
as tollows:
" f beg to acknowledge receipt of your dispatch under
date of instant, inelosing a copy of the ordinance expe-
dited by the Legi-datuie oi the ancient province of Clnri-
qui, in in extra ^--ioii or la>t year, granting an exclusive
privilege to Mr. Ambrose W. Thompson fur improvmgthe
piovineml road irom David to the lagoon of Chiriqui, and
lequestmg me to take tteps for having said oidmance an-
nulled, if I oon,>ideted it m contravention to article seven
of the contiaet with the Panama raihoad, as approved by
('oRgie^i The toad to winch the above-cited oidmance
retVn.s is a highway which exi-ted in the State of the [sth-
niU'* long beiore the giant for the conjunction of the iad-
road ; and it is so stated in the ordinance. Jt is therefore
included in the exception mentioned in the final pait of
article seven of the contract entered into with the Panama
