1861.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
36th Cong....2d Sess.
State of the Union—Mr. Sicldes.
Ho. of Reps.
and also to the policy of the dominant party in the
northern States, I will allude to the advice of the
conservative portion of the northern States. Wo
recommend the recognition of all the rights of the
South, without qualification; the recognition of the
equality of the States; non-int.erference with the
institution of slavery wherever it exists, or where
it may be established with the consentof the peo-
ple in any of the new States to be formed out.of
the common territory belonging to the Union.
This is the remedy of justice and conciliation.
Permit me, before I leave this general vie w of our
situation, to advert to a phrase which expresses,
somewhat vaguely perhaps, a popular estimate of
the duty of the Government at this time. Every-
body at the North calls for the "enforcement of
the laws." That would be, indeed, desirable. It
is not less the duty, perhaps, than a necessity of
Government, because, without the enforcement of
the laws, Government cannot be said to exist.
But, sir, this suggestion does not meet the exist-
ing state of things, because by the Constitution
we can only enforce our laws on persons, and by
means of the magistracy. There are no laws that
we can enforce against a State in arms. Laws are
applicable only to individuals. To bring individ-
uals within the jurisdiction of law, we must have
courts and juries; and by the Constitution we must
deal with offenders in the State where the crime
is committed. You must have a grand jury there
to find indictments; which you know you have
not. You must have your courts there before
which you will arraign offenders; and you have
no courts. You must impannel a jury of citizens
of the State where the offense was committed; and
that you cannot do; and if you could, if you had
all this machinery, where would you find m South
Carolina, or Georgia, or Louisiana, or any of the
insurgent States, a jury that would bring in a ver-
dict of guilty on an indictment for a political
offense,ansingoutof the present political troubles'
Therefore, I say, sir, that the loud demand for
what is called "the enforcement of the laws,"
however true as an abstraction, however imper-
ative on the Government, is impracticable and im-
possible, and therefore wholly unsuited to the
exigency.
Let us now return to the course of events at the
South—for it is there our immediate danger is to
be seen. Pending the consideration in Congress of
the various measures proposed'to restore peace and
to reestablish the Government upon secure found-
ations of popular content, alarming events have
recently occurred upon the southern coast. We
are threatened with immediate hostilities, while
we are deliberating. Should a state of war inter-
vene, as an incident of secession, provoked by the
precipitate and unjustifiable action of the local au-
thorities in these States, all hope of any solution,
other than such as the sword may provide, must
be abandoned. It is not yet time to despair of
some satisfactory basis of adjustment being agreed
upon in this Congress; although little, lhuiy, prog-
ress has yet been made in the work of reconcili-
ation. It is, nevertheless, beyond question, too
soon for South Carolina and Georgia and Flor-
ida and Louisiana to assume to dictate to the
United States the terms upon which the Confed-
eracy is to be dismembered, and to seize upon
the possessions of the Government which lie
adjacent to their jurisdiction. The President has
communicated to Congress the recommendations
which he has thought it his duty to make. They
are all that the South could reasonably ask or hope
to secure. This House has ordered a committee of
one from each State, to consider the suggestions
of the President, together with propositions which
have been presented to the House from the Rep-
resentatives of many States. In another place;
pur colleagues in Congress are occupied assidu-
ously with the discussion of the subject, and es-
pecially the plan of compromise proposed by a dis-
tinguished southern Senator. The recent speech
of another distinguished Senator, representing the
Republican party, and also, as rumor says, called
to the highest position in the councils of the next
Administration, authorizes us to expect, before
many days, a proposition of honorable compro-
mise from the Cabinet of Mr. Lincoln. Perhaps
all these hopes may be disappointed—all these
labors unavailing. The grave, but welcome, duty
of pacification may, after all, unavoidably go over
to our successors. Possibly, if our patriotism has
all become provincial, reconciliation is impossible.
What, then, is to be done ? What is the duty
of this Administration and of this Congress? If
we must abandon all hope from our own exer-
tions, let us, at least, hand over our trust intact
to the next Administration. If the next Admin-
istration, with a majority in both branches of
Congress, fail, we must await an appeal to the
people. Tlie Republican party can save the Union
now, by an honorable compromise, acceptable to
the border States. If this is withheld, although
the Union may be yet dismembered, the Confed-
eracy will be reconstructed upon the ashes of the
men who destroyed it. What is now to be done?
State after State withdraws its Representatives
from this Congress, and will soon accredit them
to the Congress of another confederation. Our
wisest men fear that no compromise can be per-
fected in this Congress. The dominant party in
the Legislatures of most of the eastern, northern,
and western States have indicated by their ac-
tion that they will not make the concessions that
are indispensable to reunion. What, then, I
repeat, becomes the duty of this Congress and of
this Administration' I say, for one, that 1 believe
that duty to be to preserve the status quo; to main-
tain the Government; and, as a paramount duty,
neither to initiate nor to permit aggression.
But it is an essential condition of this policy
that the like purpose and the like spirit shall ani-
mate our southern friends. It will never do, sir,
for them to protest against coercion, and, at the
same moment, seize all the arms and arsenals
and forts and navy-yards and ships within their
reach; or that may, through our forbearance, fall
within their power. That, sir, is not and cannot be
peaceable secession. That would not be preserv-
ing the status quo. These acts, whensoever or by
whomsoever done, are in themselves overt acts of
war. And, sir, when sovereign States, by their
own deliberate acts, make war, they cannot cry
peace. When they employ force, they cannot de-
claim or protest against coercion. The jurisdic-
tion of the Federal Government in the State of
South Carolina is one thing; the right of the Fed-
eral Government to jurisdiction and absolute con-
trol over its forts and arsenals and ships-of-war
and navy-yards is quite a different question.
However secession may, as a political remedy,
extend to the territory of South Carolina, or of
Georgia, or of Virginia, it does not apply to ter-
ritory which, by their own sovereign acts, they
have indefeasibly ceded to the Government of the
United States. The repeal of the ordinance by
which a State adopted the Constitution, cannot
undo an absolute cession of territory; all the ter-
ritory thus acquired, with the consent of the re-
spective States, was purchased for a fair equiva-
lent. The sovereign authority of the Government
of the United States, over all its territorial posses-
sions within the States, rests upon the uncondi-
tional and voluntary grant of exclusive jurisdiction
by the States in which it was previously vested;
these States, each for itself, had the sovereign right
to surrender this jurisdiction, pro tanto, or to re-
serve it. Once ceded by the act of the State, it is
relinquished forever, and can only be regained
with the consentof the Government of the United
i States.
j I am arguing this question, Mr. Chairman, on
] the premises assumed by the seceding States, and
I which they affirm to be indisputable. They were
| always sovereign. The Constitution recognizes
their sovereign right to grant, or to refuse to grant,
! to the United States, exclusive jurisdiction over
! these fortified places. They have made the grant
! absolutely and without condition. Now, sir, when
J a sovereign State, by its own act, whether by law,
I or by treaty, or by grant, cedes unalterably apiece
I of territory, whether large or small, whether for
a fortress, or an arsenal, or a city, she cannot re-
call the cession—she cannot undo the grant. No
matter what changes she may have the right to
make m her political condition, they can never
retroact upon or annul a cession of property, ju-
risdiction, or territorial control, made to another
sovereign State To do it is a flagrant act of war.
Now, there is the case, stated with whatever
accuracy I can command, with regard to the forts,
arsenals, navy-yards, and public buildings, be-
longing to the Government of the United States,
which we hold in the States. Let it be said, if
you please, that the Government is only a trus-
tee. It is the trustee for thirty-three States, not
for one; and no one of the States can seize the
common property of all, divest the trustee of con-
trol, and oust all the other associates of right,
power, and possession. Such a proposition is
subversive of all thelaw of nations; it is monstrous
in jurisprudence, in morals, and in politics. It is
utterly untenable and indefensible.
I trust, therefore, sir, that this question will
not be misunderstood by the southern States. I
hope they will not precipitate upon the General
Government the issue of war in defense of its in-
contestable right, and in the discharge of an un-
doubted duty to hold each and every one of these
fortified places, provided for the common defense
of this country. And, sir, it is ther^, and there
alone, that, at this time, the danger of a collision
lies; it is upon this issue that, if civil war is be-
gun, the first battle will be fought.
Sir, it would be difficult to imagine graver errors
than have been committed in the rash seizure of
these fortifications, and the appropriation of- the
public property. Remember that these attacks
and these seizures have been made notwithstand-
ing the solemn declaration by the President of the
United States that he did not possess the right to
employ, and should not attempt to use, coercion
upon a sovereign State. No State has been as-
sailed or menaced; noship-of-war threatened any
of their harbors; no military force was sent within
their borders; and therefore it cannot be said that
these seizures were made to secure the means of
protection against invasion.
Remember, sir, the course of events. South
Carolina called a convention for the purpose of
taking steps to secede from the Union. No inter-
ference from any quarter hindered that measure.
No interference from the Executive or from Con-
gress. The convention was held and the ordinance
of secession passed. No interference yet—none
whatever. No naval force, no military force sent
for any purpose of coercion. The Legislature of
South Carolina organizes an army. No legisla-
tive or Executive interference on the part of the
General Government. The act of secession from
its inception to its completion was rendered as
perfect as human agency could make it, and no
interference was attempted by the executive or le-
gislative departments of the Government. There-
fore, in no sense was South Carolina menaced.
What next? South Carolina sent three com-
missioners here to treat for the acquisition of the
forts in the harbor of Charleston, and the public
establishments belonging to the United States,
within its boundaries. Pending negotiations, all
the unprotected forts, the arsenal, and the public
buildings, were taken and occupied by the author-
ities of South Carolina. If they belonged to her,
why did she come here to negotiate for them ? If
they did not belong to her, to take them was an
act of spoliation—an act of war. The commis-
sioners, who had evidently studied diplomacy in
the school of Sir Patrick O'Plenipo,lost their tem-
per, and terminated their negotiation suddenly ill
a note, which was returned to them by the Pres-
ident as impertinent.
The transfer of sixty men from one possession
of the United States to another, as a measure of
security for themselves against the threats of a
State, seems, however, to have been sufficient to
arouse the apprehensions not only of South Car-
olina, but of all the adjacent States. The mere
change of position of a handful of men, menaced
with attack, from an army, was assumed to be a
declaration of war by the Federal Government.
What next? The forces of South Carolina
assault and take Castle Pinckney and Fort Moul-
trie. With all the pomp and circumstance of
war, the battalions of South Carolina, duly pro-
vided with scaling ladders, battle-axes, and pon-
toons, march ingrini array to the assault of these
fortifications—the clear and indisputable property
and domain of the United States. Defended, or
rather occupied, only by an omnibus load of la-
borers, the capture does not prove as difficult in
execution as it wasreckless in conception. The pal-
metto flagisinaugura ted withblankcartridges, and
the stars and stripes are transferred to Fort Sum-
ter—a strong place defended bya noble soldier—
where neither the flag nor its defenders have been
