THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RITES, WASHINGTON, P. 0.
Thirty-Sixth Congress, 2d Session
SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 2, 1801.
New Series No. 43.
Railroad Company; for which reason I consider no step
can be taken to annul said ordinance."
I quote the above for your better guidance, and for what-
soever ends it may be necesbary.
Your obedient servant, PASTOR OSPINA.
And, in further proof of the correctness of the
opinion I have expressed, I read the following-
from the letter addressed by the Attorney General
of the United States to the Secretary of the Navy:
" It must also be remembered that this grant of a road-
way does not include any right to make a railroad."
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. I wish to ask
my friend from Missouri, whether something is
not said in the letter from which ho is reading
about the right of improving the road referred to
for the use of wheeled vehicles-?
Mr. PHELPS. I have read the very words
of the Attorney General of the United States.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. I would like to
ask the gentleman, at this point, what he under-
stands to be included in the phraseology "wheeled
vehicles,"in thegrant? Does it notcoverrailroads?
Mr. PHELPS. It does not cover railroads.
Such is my opinion; and in that opinion I am
fortified by the opinion, as I have already said,
by the decision of the New Granadian Govern-
ment, and the opinion of our late Attorney Gen-
eral, Judge Black. The Government of New
Granada has granted the exclusive right of way
for a railroad across the Isthmus of Panama for
the period of ninety-nine years, to another com-
pany. This grant is made by the Republic of
New Granada, and not by a State or province of
that Republic.
Mr. SICKLES. It is upon this point that I
desire to call the attention of the gentleman from
Missouri to the authority which he himself cites.
I understand the gentleman to make the point
that no railway grant was acquired from Chinqui.
For that he cites the authority of the Attorney
General, on page 35 of the report of the Committee
on Naval Affairs. That opinion is dated May
11, 1859.
Mr. PHELPS. I have yielded merely to an in-
quiry by the gentleman, but not for an argument.
Mr. SICKLES. I would have concluded by
this time, if the gentleman had not interrupted me.
I was about to state that the Attorney General,
in this same communication, distinctly affirmed
the existence of a roadway grant, instead of deny-
ing it. He said that, in March previous, he was
of opinion that there was none; but that subse-
quently he had revised his opinion upon addi-
tional evidence. He now says:
Upon a reexamination of this, title, in the light of new
<'Vui<:nco which accompanies your hu-t I utter, I llunk that
ihe tir.-t six objections, formerly existing, nia> now be con-
sidered as dKposed ol."
The sixth objection of the Attorney General,
stated in his previous letter of March 14, and re-
ferred to now, is the one relied upon to show that
no grant for a roadway across the Isthmus had
been granted. Therefore, X say that this letter of
the Attorney General proves that there is a grant.
Mr. PHELPS. The gentleman has not read
his document well. The sixth objection of the
Attorney General was stated, as follows:
<kNo copy of the constitution was produced, nor any
other authouty shown to the provincial legisiatute ot Clu-
liqui, either to authorize a denouncement ot the mining
lights, to concede the l.ind,orgiant the puvilegeot a road-
way across the Isthmus."
And he concludes his answer by saying—
" It must, also be remembeu'd that this giant of aroarf-
icay does not include any light to make a railroad
1 was considering the rights which the Chiriqui
Improvement Company have under the grant of
the province of Chiriqui. I have shown that it
is only for the improvement of an old road, for
the improvement of an old highway; and we also
have the opinions of the Attorneys General of the
two nations that it is no grant of a railway to A.
W. Thompson by the province of Chiriqui.
Now, do you obtain the right to transport sea-
men, troops, and munitions of war across this
wagon road? 1 say you do not. The ordinance
making the grant itself provides that no foreign
troops or implements of war shall pass over the
road without the permission of the general Gov-
43
ernment of the Republic. Then the Chiriqui Im-
provement Company do notgrant—nor can they
grant, though it is embraced in their contract—
the right to transport troops and implements of
war across that road. They have not the power
to make any such contract.
What else? If this contract should be con-
firmed, the Government of the UrUed States
would perhaps contend that it had secured some
such right in this grant. Would not everyone
of you who may vote for this appropriation, and
confirmation of this contract, contend that this
Government have the right to use that road for
the transportation of troops? I desire to read the
eighteenth article of the ordinance of the province
of Chiriqui, making a grant of certain privileges
to Thompson. It says:
£i Art, 18. A. W. Thompson is fully authorized to trans-
fer the interests, properties, anU piiviieges, &c., which by
this grant he recpivos, to any person or persons, company
oi companies, with the sole condition that the road shall
be improved, but in no case can he transier it to any for-
eign Government."
By a preceding article it is declared, any infrac-
tion of the condition of the grant produces a rev-
ocation of the privileges granted to Thompson.
In no case can lie transfer any right to any for-
eign Government. Therefore, 1 say that so much
of this article as stipulates for the transportation
of troops and munitions of war across that Isth-
mus, from the Chiriqui lagoon to the Pacific ocean,
over the roadway which the Chiriqui Improve-
ment Company claim, is without any value to
this Government. The transfer of such a right
to our G overument works a forfeiture of the whole
grant. And is this a desirable grant for the Gov-
ernment to possess—a grant which, the moment
we take it into our possession, the moment we
contract to obtain it, crumbles into pieces and is
good for nothing?
Furthermore, there is a supplemental contract
added by the Secretary of the Navy, since the ad-
journment of the last session of Congress, which
has not been published. I will read it. It is as
follows:
"It having been agteed dining the la^t session of Con-
giess that the time limited by this contract, within which
Consiess should approve it and make the necessary appro-
pnations therefor, should be extended to the end of the next
&c?Mon} it is now, m fulfillment thereot, agreed and indorsed
on both parts of the onginal contract, that such extension
shall take place, and the time is hereby extended aecoid-
mgly. And st is further agieed, that the United States shall
have the full benefit, for the pui poses of this contract, ot
any giant oi contract which the said Ambrose W. Thomp-
son, or the said Chirkjui Improvement Company, has ob-
tained, or shall obtain, from the Government of Costa Itica,
for a radioad between the Gulf of Golfito Dolce and the
Chinqui Lagoon, or any part of the way between those
places, or between any other points on the Atlantic and
Pacific.
[l. s.] "AMBROSE W. THOMPSON,
" For himself and the Chiriaui Improvement Company.
[l. s.j "vISAAU TOUCEY,
\ " Secretary of the Nary.
(e In presence of Chai^lra'W. Welch.
e< JiugiiAt 4f 1860." r
This grant for a railroad is entirely within the
jurisdiction of Costa Rica. Its southern terminus
s is west of the line dividing the Governments of
i New Granada and Costa Rica. Its northern ter-
j minus shall be on that dividing line. This road is
| one wluch will not have its terminus at the Chi-
liqui lagoon, but to the northwest of it.
In order to render this grant of Costa Rica
| valid, the parties were required to deposit the sum
i of pOO,000 with that Government within six
months after the date of the contract. That con-
tract is dated the 24th of July, I860; and there is
no evidence here that that $iU0,00Q has been yet
deposited. If it has not been, then that neglect
works a forfeiture of that grant.
But there is another foifciture. The terms of
the grant are:
"Aicr. 14. The grantees shall not at, anytime be per-
mitted to di^embaik or transport, nor consent to the trans-
portation or disembarkation, at any time whatsoever, across
the railroad, of troops, aims, munitions ot war belonging
to any foreign Government, or to individuals or private so-
cieties, [companies.]
" The Republic of Costa Illca only shall possess this right.
"The infraction of this article by the grantees, their
agents, or those chaiged with the direction and administra-
tion of the enterprise, shall forthwith work as a complete-
nullity and forfeiture of the present con tract in all and every
one ot its parts, and the confiscation not only of such arm#
and munitions of war, but also of the railroad and all its
works and fixtures."
Again: the eighteenth article provides that—
^The grantees at no time shall be at liberty, under pen-
alty of forfeiting ail the privileges of this contract, to tians-
fer or to cede to any foreigu Government the grant of con-
cessions and privileges made to them by virtue of the pres-
ent contract."
I have now shown you, so far as the right of
transit is concerned,' and so far as the power of
those grantees to convey to the United States the
right to transport troops and munitions of "war,
either across their railway or their wagon road,
is concerned, that such an act works a forfeiture
of the grant made to thcin by the Government of
Costa Rica and the province of Chiriqui.
The next subject-matter of the contract is five
thousand acrcs of land on each side of the prov-
ince of Chiriqui for coal depots and naval stations,
to be selected by this Government within twelve
months after the date of the contract, and with the
obligation upon the part of the grantor to vestin the
Government of the United States a good and suffi-
cient title. I ask you whether the law of the Gov-
ernment of New Granada authorizes any foreign
Power to obtain a title to any real estate within
their territory ? Certainly not. The right has been
given, by treaty of 1846, to citizens of the United
States, to acquire a title to real estate in that coun-
try; but no such right has been given to the Gov-
ernment of the United States. And I lay it down
as a general principle of international law, that no
country whatever can acquire title to real estate
in any foreign nation, except by the consent of
that Government expressly given. This doctrine
does not admit of argument.
But it is said we have the right to dig coal on
the lands of the Chiriqui Improvement Company,
by paying a tax of one dime per ton to the Gov-
ernment of Chiriqui. Is this privilege worth
$300,000? Is this great Government to be en-
gaged in the business of mining? If this coalbeof
good quality, and is found in abundance in the
province of Chinqui—if it be such coal as it is
represented to be by those who have examined it
—let the owners of the grant work the mines
themselves; and whatever coal maybe needed by
the Government for its vessels will be readily
bought from them at the place where they find it.
In addition to this, the commercial steam marine
of the United States, employed in navigating the
Gulf of Mexico or the Caribbean Sea, would re-
sort to that point for fuel, if the coal was found to
be of good quality and suited to the purpose of
steamships. I am unwilling, Mr. Chairman, that
the Government of the United States should en-
gage in the mining business in a foreign country.
1 am unwilling that it should own real estate in a
province of the Government of New Granada.
We desire peace and quiet with all nations, and
particularly with the Spanish American States,
j The transit now used in the transporting our
j mails, and by travelers going to and from our
\ possessions on the Pacific, lies within the juris-
i diction of the Government of New Granada; and
thus far, with one exception, everything has been
peaceful and quiet. I desire, therefore, that noth-
ing shall be done by the Government which could
in the least disturb the friendly relations that
exist between the two Governments.
No grant has been made by the Government of
New Granada to the Government of the United
States by which we can hold any rights whatever
within the province of Chinqui, or in any other
portion of New Granada. I am unwilling, I re-
peat, that the Government of the United States
should engage in the business of mining. With
just as much propriety might some person sell to
the Secretary of the Navy a valuable farm adapted
for the culture of wheat, for the purpose of rais-
ing the wheat out of which shall be made the
bread for the support of the seamen and mat ines.
The Government of the United States did, many
years ago, hold an interest in mining lands in
the western country. They did carry on a part-
