1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
67o
the service of their own Government, and have
suspended all their proceedings so long,awaiting
our action, we should confirm the contract, and
make the appropriation. I might rest the argu-
ment here, upon the obligation of our good faith
already pledged; but, sir, I do not propose to stop
here. I shall proceed to show that no valid ob-
jection to the measure has been advanced by the
Committee of Ways and Means; and I am con-
fident, with all deference to the ability of gentle-
men upon the other side, that no good reason can
be assigned against the appropriation.
I should not omit to allude, with reference to
the legislative indorsement of this measure, to
what has already transpired in another place.
The chairman of the Committee on Finance, [Mr.
Hunter,] with the approval of the committee,
moved the adoption of the amendment which
embraces this proposition. It was adopted by
an overwhelming vote; and among the names
recorded in the affirmative, gentlemen will find
some of the most acute critics of our legislative
proceedings; men before whom you cannot pass
a bad title, and whose sanction is never obtained
to an appropriation thatis extravagan t, unguarded,
orunnecessary. The measure comes down to this
House, therefore, commended not only by the
coordinate branch of Congress, but by the action
of this House itself on a former occasion.
In opposition to this array of legislative author-
ity, m opposition to this accumulation of proof
of the value of the large privileges to be securcd
to the Government, we have only and solely the
disapproval of the Committee of VVays and Means.
I accord, sir, to their recommendations uniformly
the highest respect—ail the deference which the
opinions of the leading committee of the House
deserve. Yet, I venture to say that, in this in-
stance, their dissent, without any reasons ren-
dered, is deprived of its usual importance by the
weight of authority which is so overwhelming
againstthe conclusion to which they have arrived.
Mr. Chairman, it will facilitate the elucidation
of the merits of this question if we look, with
some method and precision, at the provisions of
these several grants as they are presented to us
upon the record. First, there is a grant from
Chiriqui and New Granada; it may be found set
out upon page 62 of the documents accompany-
ing the message of the President of the United
States on this subject; it is authenticated by the
New Granadian legation in this country. Ac-
cording to General Herron, the minister accred-
ited to us from New Granada, the grant to Mr.
Thompson was for the improvement of the old
provincial road from David to the Cluriqui La-
goon; and the second, or Morell grant, was for
certain coal lands, subsequently transferred to a
company denominated the Chiriqui Improvement
Company. Those were the grants upon which
the Navy Department made its conditional con-
tract. Those were the grants upon which the
votes of Congress, up to the end of the last ses-
sion, were predicated. There was subsequently
—July 24, 1860—a contract entered into between
Costa'Rica and Mr. Thompson, through his agent,
Mr. Meagher; this was made subsequent to the
authority given by this Congress to send out the
surveying expedition, and, of course, long sub-
sequent to the conditional contract made with the
Secretary of the Navy.
Mr. PHELPS. No; you are wrong there.
Mr. SICKLES. The gentleman from Missouri
thinks I am mistaken. 1 refer him to the document
on his table. The concession of railroad privileges
from Costa Rica was made on the 24th of July,
I860, (page 70;) and the grants to Thompson and
to Morell, made by the New Gianadian Govern-
ment, were made on the 20th February, 1854. This
Government proposed to acquire, by the payment
of $300,000 under the contract made by the Secre-
tary of the Navy, certain valuable privileges cov-
ered by the original grant made by New Granada.
The Secretary of the Navy, in August last, by a
further and supplemental contract, gained for the
Government the right to use the railroad to be
constructed under the special grant from Costa
Rica. The great object to be secured by the ori-
ginal contract was a constant, convenient, and
cheap supply of coal for the home squadron.
Th.itwas t bo principal object of the Government;
and every man who knows anything of the ex-
penses incurred by this Government in coaling
our fleet in the Caribbean Sea and upon the Pa-
cific side, must perceive at once that the saving
effected in this single item would.have then justified
the Secretary of the Navy in stipulating for twice
the amount to be appropriated. Besides this, we
secured two excellent and convenient stations for
repairing and refitting our ships-of-war—one on
the Atlantic and the other on the Pacific side.
Undoubtedly, the Government did anticipate
another and contingent advantage to be secured
to the people of this country, and especially to its
commerce, by means of this arrangement. The
Government contemplated, no doubt, that, under
the grant of New Granada, a railroad could and
would be constructed, and thus we would aid,
incidentally, in providing an additional transit
route. The importance of securing an additional
transit route, I hope, will be fully shown before
this discussion is closed, by some gentleman who
is competent to give the House the facts with ref-
erence to the enormous charges made by the Pan-
ama Railroad Company. I assert, without risk
of contradiction, that the charges for freights and
passengers made by the Panama Railroad Com-
pany, which now monopolizes the trade and travel
across the Isthmus, exceed the charges for simi-
lar services imposed by any corporation in the
world.
The power and position of this gigantic corpor-
ation give it absolute control of the trade and travel
which passes across the Isthmus. It charges nine
dollars freight for every ton of coal which this
Government sends to Panama for its squadron m
the Pacific. Nine dollars a ton for the transput L-
ation of a ton of coal forty-seven miles ! Twenty-
five dollars for every passenger that rides forty-
seven miles on that road—a charge that has no
parallel upon any other railroad m the world!
And that charge does not include the very heavy
exaction of ten cents a pound for all baggage over
fifty pounds. The rate for express freight is $1 80
per cubic foot, which, except the articles are
costly, exceeds the value of ordinary freights.
There are many articles of commerce not worth
$1 80 per cubic foot. The rates demanded by this
company would amount, under ordinary circum-
stances, almost to a prohibition; but no burden
seems too heavy for the trade of California, and
no prices too extravagant for Californians to pay.
I am too familiar with the loud complaints against
the excessive tariff of the Panama Railroad Com-
pany, which I so often hear in New Yoik from
merchants and from travelers between the Atlantic
and the Pacific States—lam too familiar with the
solicitude which this Government lias shown for
the last ten years in its diplomacy with reference
to our communications across the Isthmus—lobe
insensible to the importance of taking advantage
of this occasion to secure a cheap, safe, healthy,
and convenient route to the Pacific.
But the gentleman from Missouri insists that
the grant from New Granada does not confer a
railway privilege. I will meet him there. I think
it does In support of my position, I cite first
the opinion of the Attorney General of the United
States which the gentleman fromMissounhimselt
cited in support of his assertion.
Mr. BURCH. It is very important that the
argument of the gentleman from New York should
be heard by the House, and such is the confusion
in the Hall that, although I sit within twenty-five
feet of him, I have not heard more than half lie
has said.
The CHAIR.MAN. The Chair again appeals
to members to preserve order. He is in an embar-
rassing position, not having the power of a Speak-
er to enforce his oiders.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. It is very evident
that questions of practical legislation have no in-
terest for the House at this time; and I hope,
therefore, the gentleman from New York will
yield to me to move that the House take a recess.
The CHAIRMAN. Under the order of the
House a recess will be taken at four o'clock, p.
m., to seven o'clock, p. m.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM The night session
is for general debate on the special older m the
House.
The CHAIRMAN. That is true.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. If there be no dis-
position in members to discharge the duties of
ordinary legislation, then we ought to rise now.
Mr. SICKLES. 1 will yield"to the pleasure
of the House.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri I have "heard the
chairman of this committee call the House to
order several times, and yet the confusion has
continued. If it be not stopped, I hope lie will
call gentlemen by name.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair must leave it
to each gentleman's sense of propriety. All will
admit that it becomes the dignity of our delibera-
tions that there should be order and decorum in
the body.
Mr. SICKLES. I will proceed with my re-
marks. I was directing my attention to the point
made by the gentleman from Missouri, [Mr.
Phelps,] that the original grants from New Gra-
nada and Chiriqui did not include the privilege of
a railway across the Isthmus. It would be un-
necessary for me to go into this branch of the
argument at all, except for an objection unjustly
urged against the subsequent railway grant from
Costa Rica, obtained in July last.
The contract with Costa Rica, it is admitted,
provides for a railway; but the point has been
suggested that, because the sum of $100,dt)0 was
to be paid to Costa Rica before its concession
becomes absolute, therefore it is not safe to rely
upon this. Before I conclude, I will prove that
under both grants a railway transit is given.
Now, sir, to prove that a railway privilege is
securcd by the original grant from New Granada,
I refer to the very authority which was read by
the gentleman from Missouri, the Attorney Gen-
eral of the United States. In his opinion of May
13, 1850, he says:
" Attorney General's Office, May 11,1859.
" Sta: On the 1-lth of March Ifiht, I addiessed to you a
communication concerning the title which the Chiriqui Im-
pioveinent Company had to the property in New Giauada
winch they piopobPd to sell to the United States Govern-
ment. It v.'/.* then my opinion that they had not shown a
right to convey the pioperty, for the following reasons."
The Attorney General then goes on to enumer-
ate several reasons, none of which are material
to this argument except the sixth, which is as
follows:
" Sixth. No copy of the constitution was produced, nor
any other authority shown, to the provincial leg^laiure of
Chii iquij either to authorize a denouncement of the mining
rights, to concede the land, or giant the privilege of a road-
wuy across the Isthmus." * * * *' Unon a
ic xuniination ot tins ut)c, in the light of new ciidence,
which accompanies your Ja-4 letter, I think that the lir-t
sit objections, loimerly existing, may now be considered as
dnjtosed of."
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Does the
gentleman read that as " railway?"
Mr. SICKLES. I beg pardon. The term em-
ployed is " roadway," and I intend to show that
the term " roadway," as understood by the at-
torney general of Chiriqui, is used in its broadest
sense, and includes a railroad.
Therefore, in this very communication, the
Attorney General of the United States refutes the
objection made by the gentleman from Missouri.
Mr. PHELPS. Will the gentleman from New
York read the last sentence of that opinion in
connection with the remarks he is now making?
Mr. SICKLES. I will read it in connection with
the opinion of the attorney general of Chiriqui.
•Mr. PHELPS. I would like to have it appear
in this connection.
Mr. SICKLES. I proceed to show that the
highest law officer of the Government which made
the grant, understands "roadway" to include a
railroad; that is sufficient for us and all persons
interested.
The opinion of the attorney general of Chiriqui
is written'more rhetorically than is fashionable
in the law opinions of this country; but it prob-
ably accords with the style and taste of his peo-
ple. I read from the opinion of the attorney gen-
eral of the province of Chiriqui, delivered to the
judges of the supreme court of Chiriqui, dated
'February 26, 1854, as I find it on page 6 of the
pamphlet I hold in my hand. I do not propose
to read the whole, but only that portion which is
pertinent to the point I am rpaking. He says:
" I will fuither explain that, by the ordinance of the 20th
February, 1834, cop\ of which I inclose, an exclusive priv-
ilege for sixty jears is granted to Ambrose VV. Thompson,
to improve in a solid manner, fit for the easy tiansit of
wheeled vohicicb, and to maintain in good condition, the
ptovineial road which starts from this town and terminates
in the Lagoou of Chiriqui on the shore* of the Atlantic."
Pie then proceeds, on page 7, to say:
" There is no Jaw existing, nor is u possible for one to
exist in lh is couimy,foibi[idini:ihe provinces to repair and
ltnptovo their ways ot communication in tuch manner as
ihev mav think proper. On the contrary, one ot the first
dune* oi the Government is to encourage their perleeuon
