1861.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
36th 0ong....2d Sess.
State of the Union—Mr. Poiodl.
Senate.
Art. VII. * * * x All prisoners on both
sides shall be setat liberty, and his Britannic Majesty, with
all convenient speed, and without causing any destruction,
or cariyin^ away any negroes or other property of the Amer-
ican inhabitants, withdiaw all his armies, garrisons, and
fleets from the said United States, and from every fort,
placc, and hatbor within the same.
Done at Paris, November 30,1782.
RICHARD OSWALD, [l. s.l
JOHN ADAMS, [L. s.]
B. FliANKLIN, [l. s.l
JOHN JAY, [l. s.]
HENltY LAUilENS. [l. s.J
Definitive Treaty of Peace, between the United States of
Jlmerica and his Britannic Majesty.
Art. VII. * * * * And his Britannic Ma-
jesty shall, with all convenient speed, and without causing
any destruction, or carrying away any negroes or other
property of the American inhabitants, withdraw all his
armies, &c.
Done at Paris, September 3. 1783.
D. HARTLEY, [l. s.]
JOHN ADAMS, [L. s.]
B. FRANKLIN, [> s.l
JOHN JAY. [l. s.]
This article, clearly, plainly, and distinctly
recognizes property in slaves; and the same recog-
nition is in the treaty of Ghent, signed by John
Q,uincy Adams, Gallatin, Russell, Clay,and other
distinguished men. I will read the firstarticle of
the treaty:
Treaty of Peace and Amity between his Britannic Majesty
and the United States of Jlmerica.
(Ratified and confirmed by and with the advice and con-
sent of the Senate, Febiuary 11, 1815,)
Art- 1. * * * * shall be restored without
delay, and without causing any destruction, and without
carrying away any of the aitillery or other public propeity
originally captured m the said forts or places, and wlneh
shall lemain therein upon the exchange of the unifications
of this treaty, or any slaves or other private property.
Done, in triplicate, at Ghent, December 24, 1814.
GAMBIIIE, [l. s.l
HENRY OOULBURN, [l. s.
WILLIAM ADAMS, [i,. s.:
joiin a adams, [L.
J. A. BAYARD, [r,. s.
11. CLAY, [l. s.'
JONA. RUSSELL, [l. s.!
ALBERT GALLATIN, [i,. s.;
These treaties were signed by our wisest and
most illustrious men, several of whom assisted in
forming this Government, and were among the
ablest expounders of the Constitution; they, 1
suppose, had as much knowledge of what consti-
tuted property as their descendants. The treaty
of Pons was ratified by the Continental Congress;
the treaty of Ghent by the Senate of the United
States. There wasnotan objection in either body
to the designation of slaves as property.
Another objection urged against this article is,
that it declares that the Government shall give
protection to slave property in the Territories. I
scarcely know how to meetthisobjection. I had
supposed that it was an axiomatic truth in gov-
ernmental science, that all Governments were
formed for the purpose of protecting the people
governed,m their property and then* persons; and
that whencveraGovornmentceases to perform this
high function, it is a failure. I did not cxpect to
meet such an objection as this in the Senate. It
is a case too plain for argument. Slaves are prop-
erty, and are recognized as such by the Consti-
tution, laws, and treaties of the United States, as
I have clearly shown. Why should not the com-
mon Government give protection to this species
of property? I have always supposed that pro-
tection is the price of allegiance. We ask noth-
ing, Senators, touching this territory, that is not
right. You all admit that it is common territory.
We die willing to give you much the larger por-
tion, nearly four times as much as we ask for
ourselves; and yet it seems you are not satisfied.
You admit that the territory is common property.
Then, is it right, or just, or equitable, that you
should take the whole, to the exclusion of your
southern brethren? Certainly not. There is not
a judicial tribunal on earth, if it were applied to
for a fair division, an honest partition of these
Territories between the people of the North and
the South, that would not give us twice as much
as is conceded by this proposed amendment to the
Constitution 5 1 remember that, when the Mis-
souri compromise line was repealed, the Repub-
licans everywhere sang peans to it. If you were
in earnest in desiring the existence and continu-
ance of that line, we offer it to you now, not as
a statute subject to repeal, but as an irrevocable
amendment to the Constitution; and why not take
it, if you were really in earnest when you protested
so strongly against its repeal?
Senators, the adoption of this article as part of
the Constitution will not plant slavery in any Ter-
ritory of the Union, unless the people there want
it, for it applies only to the Territories during
the territorial condition; and when they have
population sufficient to entitle them, under the
then existing ratio, to a Representative in Con-
gress, they will have a right to come in as a State,
with or Without slavery, as they please. Thus,
you see, the laws of climate, of production, and
of interest, will ultimately govern the question.
Adopt this amendment, and this vexed and agi-
tating question will be forever banished f^om these
Halls, and the time of the people's Representatives
will be devoted to other and more useful matters
of legislation. My experience here has been a
brief one. I have served in this body about eight
months, and six months of that time have been
devoted to the discussion of abstract theorems on
this question of negro slavery as connected with
the Territories of the United States. Is it not
time that the subject should be banished from
these Halls, and our attention given to more useful
subjects of legislation? These discussions have
gone on to an interminable length, to the neglect of
every great interest of the country. Our financial,
our commercial,our internal and external affairs,
require and imperiously demand our time, but it
is not given to these great interests of the people.
If you adopt this amendment, the guns of dema-
gogues, north and south, will be spiked, and
they will have no longer an opportunity to create
sectional strife, and get into power by pandering
to the depraved appetites of their sectional fol-
lowers.
1 do not believe that a more just settlement
could be made of the question than the one pro-
posed by my colleague. If it be unjust to any,
it is to the people of his own section; certainly
not to the North. While you, Senators from the
North, speak very often of aggressions that are
made on your section, in truth you are very apt
to get the larger share, as you do in this case.
You have got it already; you will have it under
this proposition; but for the sake of peace, for
the sake of harmony, for the sake of transmit-
ting to generations yet to come the institutions of
our fathers, and to save the Union of the States,
we are willing to yield to you more than your
due, more than is your right. We do it in the
spirit of a peace offering upon the altar of our
country. And yet it seems to be spurned. We do
not ask as much by this article as we are entitled
to under the Constitution as expounded by the
Supreme Court; for the decision from which I
read a moment ago declares that, under the Con-
stitution of the United States, we have a right to
go to all the Territories, and to carry with us our
slave property, and to be protected in its enjoy-
ment during the territorial existence; and that
there is no power, either in the Congress of the
nation, or in any other tribunal, to deprive us of
that protection; and that the Government has the
power under the Constitution, and it is its duty,
to guard and to protect us m our right of prop-
erty. By this amendment to the Constitution
we yield our right to enter, with our slave prop-
erty, ali the Temtory north of 3G° 30', and we
reserve to ourselves the right to occupy with our
property the territory south of that parallel of
latitude, which only secures to us the bairen soil
of New Mexico.
[ will briefly notice the other proposed amend-
ments to the Constitution. The second article
declares that Congress shall have no power to
abolish slavery in places under its exclusivejiuis-
diction and situate within the limits of States that
permit the holding of slaves. I suppose, from the
often-repeated declaration that I have heard from
Senators on the other side of the Chamber, that
they will not make serious objection to this; for
they have frequently declared that they did not
wish to interfere with slavery in the States where
it exists. It is manifest that if they were to un-
dertake', by an act of Congress, to abolish slavery
in the forts, aisenals, and dock-yards of the Uni-
ted States within the slave States, it would be not
only a serious detriment to our interests, but a
violation of the Constitution. It is right, then,
that this provision should go into the Constitu-
tion. Our people feel some alarm upon that sub-
ject. This amendment would allay excitement
and quiet their fears.
The third proposed amendment is, that Con-
gress shall not have power to abolish slavery in
the District of Columbia so long as it exists in
the States of Virginia and Maryland. This is ,a
proposition that gentlemen on the other side of the
Chamber certainly ought not seriously to object
to, for the reasons I have assigned concerning the
preceding article, and for the additional reasoa
that the abolition of slaver^ in this District would
be a matter of deep moment to the existence of
this institution in the States ofMaryland and Vir-
ginia. It would be virtually establishing a free
State in their midst. " It would be manifestly un-
just to Virginia and Maryland that this District,
which was ceded to the "United States to be used,
as a capital for a common country, should be so
controlled and governed as to endanger the do-
mestic quiet and peace of those two States.
The fourth article provides that Congress shall
have no power to prohibit or hinder the trans-
portation of slaves from one State to another, or
to a Territory in which slaves are, by law, per-
mitted to be held, whether that transportation be
by land, by navigable rivers, or by sea. If Sen-
ators arc in earnest when they say it is not their
purpose to interfere with slavery in the States
where it exists, they certainly have no legitimate
right to complain of this article. Our people have
great uneasiness about these matters; and they
desire that these guarantees should be put in the
Constitution, and placed beyond the reach of ma-
jorities. We think our interests and our safety
imperiously demand it.
To this article I have proposed three amend-
ments which are before the Senate, and are accept-
able to my colleague. I will consider them as part
of the proposed plan of adjustment. The first is,
that the African slave trade shall be forever sup-
pressed; and it shall be the duty of Congress to
make such laws as shall be necessary effectually
to prevent the migration or importation of slaves,
or persons owing service or labor, into the Uni-
ted States from any foreign country, place, or
jurisdiction whatever. I know that there is much
uneasiness, or pretended uneasiness, in the north-
ern mind, that it is the desire of the southern peo-
ple to reopen the African slave trade. I am confi-
dent that, without this provision, we could not do
it, for the laws of the united States already de-
clare it piracy, and yon have a majority in both
ends of this Capitol, and will forever have a ma-
jority, and that of itself will prevent any reopen-
ing in after time of the African slave trade; but
for fear the mind of the people may be changed
on this subject, for fear the southern cotton and
sugar planters may desire an importation of slaves
from Africa, in order to enrich themselves by in-
creasing their products, or that the cupidity of
gentlemen of the North engaged in navigation may
be excited, and lest they may wish again to enter
into the slave trade, I desire to put this provision
in the Constitution, which declares that the Afri-
can slave trade shall be forever suppressed. That
will forever quiet your apprehensions and uneasi-
ness on this point. I do not believe that there is
one man in ten thousand in the southern States
who desires the reopening-of the African slave
trade. I have never heard a man in Kentucky
declare in favor of it; and I think when you get
further South, they are few, indeed, who do not
desire to prevent that traffic forever.
The second amendment which I propose is, that
persons committing crimes against the rights of
those who hold persons to service or labor in any
State, fleeing to another, shall be delivered up in
| the same manner as persons committing other
i crimes, and that the laws of the State from which
i such persons flee shall be the test of criminality.
! This-amendment is intended to secure the arrest
j and delivery of persons who steal slave property
j and flee to another State. There is very great
complaint against many of our sister States of the
North, because of the non-fulfillment of this duty
under the Constitution. We hold that, undei the
Constitution as it is, it is their duty to deliver up
persons chained with the crime of slave-stealing
who have fled to other States; but we know that
the Governors of more than one of the free States
