1861.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
95
36th Cons....2d Sess.
State of the Union—Mr. Powell.
Senate.
well known to the Senator that when evil-disposed
persons from his own State have gone into Ken-
tucky and committed these crimes, his Governor
has refused to give them up. In that, the Con-
stitution has been clearly violated. In some of
the northern States they declare that when a fu-
gitive gets there he is free, no longer a slave. I
was pleased to find that the honorable Senator
from New York the other day declared that those
persons, by fleeing into another State, did not
cease to be bondmen, and that they ought to be
delivered up. We know,-however, that the fugi-
tive slave law is not faithfully executed; we know
that many of those States have passed laws to
hinder, ifay, to prevent its execution.
Mr. WADE. Mr. President, I wish now spe-
cifically to answer any charge 
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Polk in
the chair.) Does the Senator from Kentucky give
way to the Senator from Ohio?
Mr. POWELL. With groat pleasure.
Mr. WADE. I warn to .answer any charge
which is made specifically against Ohio; and I
want it specifically made, so that I can answer;
because these general charges I have heard so long
and so often that I am entirely sick of them. 1
want something that I can put my finger upon.
If my State is delinquent in any of her duties, I
want to know it; and I do not want it to rest in
generalities, nor in hearsay. I do not want it to
rest upon a statement that some Republican, whose
name has not been given, said so to somebody
else, making it come through two or three differ-
ent sources before it comes to the Senator, and
then proclaimed as a fact. I do not regard it as
a fact at all. I know that such kind of evidence
and such kind of rumors are totally unworthy to
predicate any charge against a State or an individ-
ual upon. Now,sir, when uischarged that wc in
the State of Ohio are delinquent in our duty, and
are violating the Constitution of the United States,
I want the Senator to point out wherein we do it,
and to give us the evidence on which the charge
is predicated.
Mr. POWELL. I have given the Senator the
evidence. It is a written statement of one of his
own colleaguevS, made a few days ago. I gave to
the Senator, not long sincc, a specific charge
against the Governor of Ohio, that he had refused
to deliver up a man indicted for skive-stealing in
Kentucky, on the ground that it was not an of-
fense in Ohio, or under the common law, to steal
a slave. If that is not specific, 1 despair of making
anything specific. An organized armed body of
anti-slavery fanatics from the North, evidently
aided and abetted by abolition societies, invaded
the soil of Virginia, and m the dead hour of night
assaulted and"murdered the peaceful citizens of
an interior village. Abolitionists from the free
States have invaded and laid waste the border of
Texas; burned the houses of the people; stolen
and destroyed their property; poisoned their wells;
and destroyed by fire villages and towns.
These are not the only grounds of apprehen-
sion that we have; for we find that the Republi-
can party have electcd a President upon a plat-
form that virtually outlaws our property, and
places our institutions under the ban of the em-
pire. I will read one of the clauses in that plat-
form:
"That the normal condition of the tcintmy of the Uni-
ted States is that o{ noedom; that as our republican fathers,
when they had abolished slavery m our national tcrritoiy,
ordained that no person should be depuved ol hie, hbeity,
or property, without due process of law, it become? our
duty, by congressional legislation, whenever such legisla-
tion becomcs necessary, to maintain this piovision ol the
Constitution against all attempts to violate it; and we deny
the authority of Congiess, ot a Teriitonal Legislature, of
any individual or association of individuals to give legal
existence to slavery in any Teiritoiy of the United Stated."
That is an explicit declaration that we shall not
enjoy any portion of the common territory with
our property. There you declaic the treaty made
with France in 1803, by which Louisiana was
acquired, the treaty made with Spain in lS19, by
which Florida was acquired, by winch treaties
property was protected in those Territories, and
the congressional and territorial laws by which
slavery was allowed and protected in those and
other Territories, were null, void, and no law.
You place the Chicago platform above treaties
and the laws of the United States, and the laws
of the Territories, and the decisions of the Su-
preme Court of the United States. You have
elected a gentleman President of the United States
by a purely sectional vote, who has declared that
this Union cannot exist half slave and half free;
and who has declared that, notwithstanding the
decision of the Supreme Court, he would vote to
prohibit slavery in a new Territory. Mr. Lin-
coln, in a speech made at Chicago, on the 10th of
July, 1858, said:
"If I were in Congress, and a vote should come up
whether slavery should be ptohibited in a new Territory,
in spite of the Died Scott decision, [ would vote that it
should."
The Supreme Court of the United States has
declared that under the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States wc have a common right of property in
the Territories, and have a right to go there with
our slaves; and that it is the duty of the Govern-
ment to guard and protect us in our rights. Mr.
Lincoln says that, notwithstanding that decision,
he would, if in Congress, vote against allowing
us to go to the Territories with our slaves. It is
the avowed policy of the Republican party to re-
strict slavery to its present limits. Their object
is to use the Federal Government to carry out a
line of policy the ultimate object of whibh is the*
extinction of slavery in the States south as well as
north. This policy was unequivocally announced
by Mr. Lincoln, in a speech delivered at Jones-
boro, on the 15th of September, 1858. Mr. Lin-
coln, speaking of slavery, said:
((All I have a?ked or der-ired anywhere is, that it should
be placed back again upon the basis that the fathers of the
Government ougiiially placed it upon. I have no doubt
that it would become extmet, foi all time to come, it' wo
hut irndopted the policy of the lathers by rc«trictmg it to,
the limits it hasaheadycoveicd—icsuicting it from the new
Teiutoiie!-."'
The policy is to prohibit slavery in all the
Territories, and to surround the slave States with
" Abolition States, and thus confinc the institution
within such narrow limits that, when the number
increases beyond the capacity of the soil to raise
food for their subsistence, the institution must
end in starvation, colonization, or servile insur-
rection."
Senators, arc not these sufficient causes why
the southern people should be seized with alarm
for their domestic peace and security? The peo-
ple of the southern States have $2,000,000,000 of
slave pioporty. The institution is indissolubly
interwoven with tin ir social system. The people
of the South would be stupid indeed if they aid
not see in all this a fixed design and purpose ulti-
mately to overthrow and destroy their domestic
institutions upon which their very existence de-
pends. Should it, then, be a matter of surprise
or astonishment that they should promptly meet
the danger by winch they arc threatened, by de-
manding explicit constitutional guarantees as a
security for the futuie?
Mr. President, it is af.iU, now very clear, that if
this Governmentand Union be saved by anything
that is done here, it must be done by Senators
on the other side of the Chamber. They have
had it in their power from the beginning of the
session, by adopting amendments to the Consti-
tution, to save this Union from dissolution. By
an examination of the votes given in the committee
of thirteen, it will be found that all the other mem-
beis of the committee, save the Republicans, could
at any time have made a unanimous report, rec-
ommending constitutional amendments foi the
consideration of the Senate. Indeed, the entire
committee, except the Republicans, voted for all
the propositions of my colleague, with the ex-
ception of two Senators, who voted against the
first article; but it was well known in the com-
mittee that the first articlc would have been ac-
cepted by those two gentlemen, had the Repub- .
lican members of the committee chosen to take
it. It was declared by the distinguished Senator
from Georgia, now absent, [Mr. Toombs,] on this
floor, that he would have taken it; and he believed
it would be satisfactory to nine tenths of the peo-
ple of Georgia. So then, if we do anything to
save this Government, it mast come from that
side of the Chamber, it lias been declared by
Senators representing every party and section on
this side, that they arc ready and willing to go for
amendments that will be satisfactory to the south-
ern people. And you alone, Senators on the other
side of the Chamber* oppose them.
I If this Union should be destroyed, in conse-
■ quence of constitu tional guarantees not being given
that would be just and satisfactory to the people
of the South, you alone will be responsible to the
country and to the world; for it is manifest that
there has been n-o contrariety of opinion on this
side ot the Chamber, that could not have been at
any time reconciled.
I have said, Senators, as much as I designed to
say upon the propositions of my colleague. There
is one other subject about which I wiTl say a few
words, and that is this question of coercion, about
which so much has been said. I shall not attempt
to discuss the right of a State to secede. That
proposition has been elaborately discussed, pro
and con., in this Chamber. I see no necessity now
for discussing that abstract question. We are
surrounded by facts that are eminently practical.
Hold what you will in theory, we know that five
of the States of this Union have formally passed
ordinances withdrawing from it, and that they are
prepared to maintain by arms, if the issue should
be forced upon them, the position they have as-
sumed; and we know that other States, at least
two, will quickly follow them. We must deal with'
the fact as it is. I do not believe that, under the
Constitution of the United States, we have any
right to make war upon a State. We find, by
reference to the proceedings of the convention that
fnyned the Constitution, that it was proposed to
give thatpower, and itwas denied. In the debates
on the Federal Constitution, (Madison Papers,
volume five, page 139:)
" The last clause of the sixth resolution,4 authoiizingan
exeition of the force of the whole against a delinquent
State,' came next in consideration.
a JMi. Madison obseivcd, that the moiehe reflected on the
use of toice, the more he doubted the practicability, the
justice, and the efficacy of it, when applied to people col-
lectively, and not individually. A union of the States con-
taining such an ingredient seemed to provide for its own
desnuetion. The use ol force against a State would look
more like a declaiation of war than an infliction of punish-
ment, and would probably be consideicd by the party at-
tacked as a dissolution of all previous compacts by which
it might be bound, lie hoped that such a system would be.
ftamed as might render this resource unnecessary, arid
moved that the clause be postponed. This motion was
agieed to, nan. con-."
Mr. Ellsworth, upon the same subject, said:
"lam for coercion by law—that coercion which acts
only upon delinquent individuals. This Constitution does
not attempt to coerce soveieign-bodies—States—in their
political capacity. No coercion is apphcab!« to such bodies
but that of an armed force. If we should attempt to exe-
cute the laws of the Union by sending an armed foice
against a delinquent State, it would involve the good and
bad, the innocent and guilty, in the same calamity.y>—
Elliot's Debates, \ol. 2, p. 197.
Alexander Hamilton said:
" It has been observed, to coerce the States is one of the
maddest projects that was ever devised. A failuie of com-
pliance will never be confined to a single State. This being
tiie case, can we suppose it wise to hazard a civil war?
Suppose Massachusetts, or any large State, should refuse,
and Congress should attempt to compel them : would they
not have influence to procure assistance, especially from
those States which aie in the same situation as themselves?
What picture does tin* idea present to our view? A com-
plying Stan- at war with a non-complying State; Congress
maielnng the tioops ot one State into the bosom of another;
this State collecting auxiliaiics, and fanning, perhaps, a
majority against its Federal head. Hoie is a nation at war
with it:-elt. Can any teasonable man be well disposed to-
waul a Government which make-> war and cainage the
only means of (supporting itself—a Government that cant
exist only by the sword? Every such war must involve the
innocent with the guilty. This single consideration should
be sufficient to dispose eveiy peaceable citizen against such
a Government."—Elliot's Delates, vol, p. 233.
Mr. Mason, and other distinguished gentlemen
in that convention, uttered similar views. Gen-
eral Jackson has been quoted as authority by
those who advocate coercion. In, his: farewell
address he said:
"The Constitution cannot be ma-ittf ained, noi the Union
pie<eived, m opposition to public feeling, by the meie ex
ertion of the coercive power condded in the central Gov
trnmeiu. The foundations must he laid in the affections
of the people, in the security it gives to life, hbeity, char-
acter, and propcjty, in every quaitcr of the country."
This Government, if preserved, must be main-
tained upon the principle clearly and distinctly
enunciated by troneral Jackson m the clause of
his farewell address which I have just read. It
is a Union that depends upon the consent of the
people governed. It can only be held together by
a faithful observance by all the States of the re--
quirements of the Constitution, mutual interest
and forbearance, and the tics of fraternity.
You speak, Senators* of executing the laws, i
