1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
6?9
mere political dogma, that I shall be found fight-
ing. Higher and deeper and broader than this*
must be the motive which shall induce me to draw
the sword in a civil war. While a portion of our
•citizens of impartial minds and undoubted patriot-
ism incline to the opinion that the prompt and
vigorous use of force would soonest restore har-
mony, I must say of many of those who are now
most desirous for the commencement of hostili-
ties, that it will be the first war I ever knew them
to be in favor of. When our gallant Army, but
a few years since, was struggling against a for-
eign foe, in a foreign and hostile jurisdiction, these
men were then decidedly for peace. For peace,
sir, even to the extent of withholding the ordi-
nary supplies for the support of that Army. What
has produced this change? Can it be party pre-
judice or sectional hatred ? Truly, I hope it is
neither. If, in the end, an appeal must be made
to the God of battles, will those who have so
earnestly contended that there is "an irrepressible
conflict5' impelling us onward, who insist that
there is some indefinable and hostile antagonism
between the two sections, and who have so often
asserted that before we can have peace, the power
of the South must be broken in this Confederacy,
step forward as volunteers in this war? Will they
magnanimously say to those who iiave always
counseled forbearance and peace: Sirs, this con-
flict is ours, and we will bear the brunt of it?" or
will they not rather say that the Government
needs their services in a civil capacity, and that
the honest masses, who are in no way responsi-
ble for the distressed condition of the country,
must do the fighting? It was once jocosely, but
truly said, I think by that mythical peisonage,
Major Jack Downing, that many of those who so
vehemently proclaimed their readiness to shed their
last drop of blood, are exceedingly careful about
losing the first drop. A little delay in the present
emergency may suffice to verify the truth of the
assertion.
Another very carious fact in this connection is,
that very many of those now most belligerent to-
wards the seceding States have long ^een noted
for their hostility to the admission ofany more
slave States. Thus, it seems that a sla^e State
cannot get into this Union, nor out of it, without
a fury of indignation and of epithets from them.
Why, sir, if they hate slavery half as badly as t&Ar
profess to, I should think they would be glauto
get rid of the States 111 which it exists on almost
any terms. Can it be that it is only for power
to govern the slave States that they have been
all the time struggling?
But, sir, I will not pursue this branch of my
remarks further. With the great mass of the
people of the Stato which I have the honor to
represent in part, next, after the preservation of
the rudest elements of liberty, is the maintenance
of the American Union of States. Differing as
we may as to the manner of accomplishing this
result, I presume there is little difference in agree-
ing that to effect this all reasonable efforts ought
to be persistently made.
Whether the southern States are entitled to
them or not, a large portion of their people feel
that they ought to have some additional guaran-
tees. They assure us that, without them, they no
longer feel secure. Concede, for the sake of the
argument, that they are all in the wrong and need
no new guarantees; yet, let us, as generous men,
offer something which will afford to those who
have left a decent pretext for their return to us.
They only desire that we will put in writing, in
some solemn and irrevocable form, that which we
have so frequently assured them in our speeches :
and at the hustings. They want the questions now
so important to them, since they have perma-
nently become a minority section, placed beyond
the contingencies of meie construction or infer-
ence, but so written that he who runs may read.
Sir,l believe it to be the interest of all sections
that new guarantees be at once offered, and that j
some fair and honorable adjustment should be at j
once made. I feel satisfied that the northern States j
can olFjgrto the South such additional guarantees as '<
will, 111 the end, satisfy the great mass of its peo- |
pie, without changing m theleast the form of our j
Government or the principles upon which it was J
founded. The great question of the day is, shall !
we try the experiment? Most unhesitatingly I I
answer, yes. j
The next question is, how are these new guar- j
antees to be tendered? It is conceded by all of
those who are willing to make concession, that
additional amendments to the Constitution be pro-
posed; and that whatever shall be finally agreed
to shall be locked up in the Constitution as a part
of it, and thus placed beyond the contingencies of
an ordinary presidential canvass. I believe now,
that some such plan is, in every point of view,
the most desirable, as it would be in practice the
most efiicient. The Constitution as it is is good
enough for me personally, and I regret any sup-
posed necessity for amending it; yet I cheerfully
yield to what seem to be the emergencies of the
hour. We want peace, we want a restoration of
confidence, and we want increased stability to the
Government. For these I am willing to concede
everything which honor and patriotism will per-
mit.
All legislative and judicial compromises having
failed to accomplish a withdrawal of this vexed
question of slavery from the halls of Congress—
which all conservative men have so much and so
long desired—let us make one more, and, if need
be, last effort to this end, by amending the Con-
stitution. A portion of the propose! amendments
is objected to bysome because theword "slave"
is contained in them. I appreciate, sir, the mo-
tives which induced the omission of that word in
the old Constitution; but a crisis has arisen m our
Government which requires us to look this whole
question fully and squarely in the face; when all
mere speculative theories ought to be abandoned;
when we ought to deal with it as becomes prac-
tical men dealing with stubborn facts. As has
been well said, elsewhere, why cavil about the
name in the Constitution, when the thing itself is
clearly contained within it ? Many of our treaties
with foreign nations, together with numerous acts
of Congress, all constituting a partof the supreme
law of the land, contain the word " slave" within
them. Why not, also, call things by their proper
names in the Constitution itself, when, by failing
to do so, misconstructions and misunderstandings
are the result?
So far as the territorial branch of this contro-
versy is concerned, 1 would very much prefer, of
course, to adhere to and to act upon my own pe-
culiar theories in relation to it. If no others be
adopted, I presume T shall still adhere to them,
as, m principle, I regard them as the fairest and
best. 1 would much prefer to see the common
Territories of the United States occupied and en-
joyed m common by the people of all the Slates
upon terms of equality, and m the spirit of fra-
ternal harmony; but,sir,sobuterand so determ-
ined has been the opposition of those who object
to this plan of settlement from the first, that I now
despair of its being allowed to go into successful
operation with that promptness necessary to meet
the crisis. J hold myself ready, therefore, to em-
brace any proposition which carries with it the
appearance of justice and equality, and I will en-
deavor to accommodate myself to the view of
others in matters of detail. So great, sir, is my
attachment to the present form of Government,
and so anxious am I to preserve and perpetuate
its blessings, that if I cannot save this Union upon
my own terms, then I will be willing to accept
any other terms which will be effectual, and not
in flagrant violation of the rights of those whom
I have the honor to represent. I have been as
much a partisan in matters within the legitimate
range of party politics, as, perhaps, any man
ought to be; but, sir, I am willing to yield all
mere party considerations, and all thoughts of
mere personal consistency, in at least one more
earnest effort to do something to reunite the coun-
try.
1 have been satisfied, ever since I have had an
opportunity of consulting with persons from the
different sections of the Confederacy, after the
opening of the present session of Congress, that
some plan for a fair and equitable division of the
Territories of the United States, as between the
sections, accompanied with suitable guarantees,
would command more strength, and, at the same
time, be more efficient m the end, than any other
plan. By this, I mean the establishment of aline
something like the old Missouri line, north of
which slavery shall be prohibited, and south of
which it shall be recognized, and, if necessary,
protected. By making tins constitutional by the
requisite amendments, and by specifically defin-
ing the rights of the parties on both sides of this
line, the most serious objections to the old Mis-
souri line will be removed.
It follows, therefore, sir, that I am inclined to
favor the plan submitted by Mr. Crittenden,in
the Senate some time since, or something similar
to it, in preference to any other now pending be-
fore Congress. First, I think it more feasible and
complete than any other; and second, 1 am led to
believe that it will be more effectual, and command
more real strength all over the country, than any
other. If I cannot get that, then I am willing to
aid in supporting what may be next best. So far
as the report of the committee of thirty-three is
concerned, there is much in it which I commend.
It seems to look in the right direction; but as a
whole, sir, I think it falls short of what the coun-
try had a right to expect under existing circum-
stances. There are but few of the propositions
contained within it that I can sustain. It is no
time for any mere temporizing policy. If we con-
cede at all, why not cover the whole ground in
controversy, and thus make final work of it; if
possible, leave nothing more to mere inference or
construction in relation to slavery.
It is objected by many of our Republican op-
ponents to the plan of Mr. Crittenden, or to any
similar plan, that it runs counter to the Chicago
platform. This, sir, to a certain extent, I frankly
admit; but what of it ? Is not the preservation of
the peace and integrity of the country of greater
moment than all party platforms? Away with
such considerations in times like these. This
plan affords common middle ground; why can-
not all the Union men come together upon it? It *
is but a return to the old idea of dividing what it • 
seems we cannot enjoy in common, in peace.
This will still leave the new States to be formed
on both sides of the proposed line free to adopt
whatever domestic institutions they choose when
they throw off the territorial condition. Besides,
sir, the proposition to absolutely exclude the
southern people, or rather the slaveholders, as
such, from all participation in the common Ter-
ritories of the united States, has always seemed
to me so manifestly unjust, that I never could
bring myself to believe that the great mass of the
fair-minded men of the Republican party have in-
tended rigorously to insist on the ultimate enforce-
ment of such a dogma. I have ever regarded it
more as a device to carry an election with than
anything else. In this view of it, it has already
served its purpose. Whenever, therefore, any
gentleman insists upon a rigorous enforcement of
this policy in the present temper of the country,
and is unwilhngto concede anything on this point,
I cannot but regard lnm as a practical disunionist.
Sir, if the southern people were a race of can-
nibals, so long as we were m the Union with them,
and living under a common Constitution, I would
be willing to divide the common benefits and com-
mon property with them fairly and equally. How
much more strongly is this obligation imposed
when they are kindred, our friends and our breth-
ren? Whenever I shall determine that I will not
consent to recognize any claim on the part of the
southern people, including, of course, the slave-
holders, to any of the Territories, or other com-
mon property of all the States, I will not then even
claim to be a Union man. To those who stand
in this category I ask, why not say at once to the
people of the South, " Stand and deliver. This
Government is ours; not yours!" Why do you
cry " Peace, peace, when there is no peace," and
when none is intended? Why continually pro-
claim that you are for the Constitution and the
Union, when you are not willing to concede any-
thing to preserve them?
If, sir, by the exercise of a wise forbearance, a
resort to arms can be avoided, and a peaceful and
honorable settlement of existing troubles can be
effected, nations will yet rise up to call us blessed.
If, however, by any rash or reckless act of ours,
this country shall be involved in a desolating civil
war, then the sooner the curtain of oblivion is
thrown over the present exciting and terrible chap-
ter in our history as a nation, the better for us in
the eyes of posterity.
I am proud to be able to say that, so far as my
own, my native State is concerned, she has been
true tj> her constitutional obligations. In nothing
vital can the southern people justly complain ot
her. It is no use to deny the fact, however, that
towards some of the northern States the South
has just cause of complaint. Let those offending
