1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mi
a league or compact, merely, between the different
States, which they may disregard and break, or
boldly violate, at their discretion. The Govern-
ment of the Union is divided by the Constitution
into three departments—the executive, the legisla-
tive, and the judicial. The legislative branch ih
again divided into a Senate and a House of Rep-
resentatives, with the power of approval and a
qualified negation in the President.
This constitutes the whole legislative power-of
the Union; but if the Legislature of a State have
the right to instruct its Senators m Congftss,and
is to be obeyed, then the Legislatures of the sev-
eral States become a portion of the Legislature of
the Union; and a power is added to this depart-
ment of the Government unknown and foreign to
the Constitution, the first article of which ex-
pressly says: $! HI legislative powers herein
granted shall be vested ina Congress of the United
States."
If a Sfate have the power to instruct her Sen-
ators in Congress, then they become her agents
simply, to make known her wishes and to execute
her will. Tins cannot be. Such a position makes
them virtually a mere machine to record her "ayes
and noes;" and thatmight just as well bedone by
mechanism as by a man. I believe that modern
skill has contrived a mode for such a purpose.
Mr. President, I take the liberty of saying, but
with great respect, that so far as the Constitution
is concerned, the State from which 1 come has no
more legal right to load me with instructions than
i have her, and my only deference to her, in this
particular, would arise solely from the superior
wisdom, intelligence, and patriotism of the ma-
jority in her present Legislature, added to their
better means of knowledge—acting from a dis-
tance—than I possess, from being present on the
spot, and acting in the midst of all surrounding
cire umsfancos.
But, Mr. President, this instruction by the Le-
gislature of a State is not a novel question, so far
as New Jersey is concerned. She has instructed
her Senators on this floor, before to-day. On the
ljth of January, 1834, a Democratic Legislature,
by resolutions^ instructed her Senators then in
Congress to sustain, by their votes and influence,
the course adopted by the then Secretaiy of the
Treasuiy, Mr. Taney, in relation to the bank of
the United States, and the deposits of the public
'moneys. On the 20th of January, of that year,
a Senator from that State, who still lives to illus-\
trate the character, combined, of a patriot and 5
Christian gentleman, (I refer to Mr. Frehnghuy-
sen,) said:
" 1 know that I shall have the sympathies of the Senate,
when I recall to them the insttuetions lately tiunMmited
by the Legiblaxwie of the State winch T, in part, have the
tumor to repiCM'iit. Tins is a gieut national question, of
common concern tou^all; lor these instructions aie mul-
tiplying. arid call, eeiUuiiy liom me, sii, foi distinct and
ie~-pecttul notice. The impoit of These mstiuetions, 1 ad-
mit, mi, cannot be mistaken. The teims aie unequivocal
ami plain to any appu-hcnsion. They minuet u-. to ^u^-
t nil. by our vote^ ami influence, the course of the Secietary
of the Treasury in the icmoval of the deposits. What arc
the natuse and claims ot legislative insnuetions? That a
LegiMatuie ha^ the inherent right, h'gistauvcly, and de-
tached (torn then con-titucnts to dhect the political con-
duct of a Seuatoi in Coneys, I can nevei subscribe to.
Sir. where ha& such a right been delegated by the people?
A Legislature ol the State instruct or "direct the Senate of
the United States! Why, Mt. President, we had better
change places at once.
•£ But when the i evolution* of the Legislatuie can be sat-
isfactorily jegaidod as the clear indication ot public senti-
ment, deliberate and abiding, I am bound to hold them,
its I do hold them, in most le^peettul coioideiation. And
on such an oee.iMon, when that opinion interferes with my
own judgment and conscience, I should prompt!vsuirender
atiu-t that could no longei be held in harmony with my
constituents But here, sn, my embairassmcmt commences.
I am not ^ati^fit'd that these resolutions are the sine hide*
of decided public sentiment. Sii. you know that, for the
last hve yeats, our political atmosphere has been very much
given to chang > The wheel is turning now,and unless 1
implead the language of events that aie passing, impulses
aie given to its motion that will bring them to a whirl.
Now. sit, will it be light to siinendei piivate convictions
of duty to an influence from this giddy seat of power? T
think not. i am quite conscious of the delicacy of my
puMtion ; hut I tru&t that I shall meet it without fear. I
will tuithei sa\ ,sn, lluiteven where the opinions ot a State
may b" well known, occasions may anse toa Representa-
tive of the people—tare f grant—when the emergency is of
that deeply eventiul nature, when he must go alone, so to
speak, in the puutvot his own purposes, and cast himself,
with all his tame, and all the confidence of his country, into
the crisis, and Mnk or rise, as success shall crown his in-
uepid conduct." "
His colleague in the Senate at the time, now no
more, (Mr. Southard,) whose voice so often filled
that Chamber with itseloquence, on the following
51st of March, referring to those resolutions,
spoke as follows:
"There is another tribunal before which we [himself
and his colleague, Mr Frehnghuyen] «-hall meet most
cheerfully our accusers, and as cbeerlully abide the veidtet
and judgment which t-hall be rendered a'ter the hearing, to
far as they shall aflect us personally,however we mav led
for the laws and institutions of our country. That tribunal
is the people of New Jersey, who we most solemnly be-
lieve, and think we have abundant evidence foi our bel ef,
were notcoirectly repiesentod m tho.-e instiuetions. Asain*
is it true that the Legislature has a light, in disregatd of
popular opinion, and again«t the wishes of their own con-
stituents, to control the other agents ot those constituents?
Is the power vested in the Legislature on this point inde-
pendent of the people of the Slate ? Are they in that the
masters of the people? I had supposed that the people
were the source of power, and that their will was as con-
nulling in its action on the members of the Legislature on
this subjectas on anyother; andthattheir commands were
only to be legarded as valid when they confonn to the in-
structions and commands of their constituents. This may
be skepticism, but I beg to say that it is old Republicanism
and Democracy; not that of modern day, which seems to
lequire that the will of a few who happen to be in the Le-
gislature, or are leaders of a party, should be obeyed, m
despite of the opinions and wishes of the people. Sn, be-
lieving as I do, that my constituents disapprove the act of
the Executive, 1 Miould be guilty of treason towards them
if 1 obeyed the ordeis of others, m approving that act
against my own judgment.
I turn now to the remarks of a Senator, also
from New Jersey, who, in his day, was good au-
thority with the friends with whom he acted—a
gentleman beloved while living, and whose mem-
ory, let me say, is now revered by me. Sir, he
was my ftiend.
On the 23d of March, 1833, the matter of legis-
lative instructions being the subject of his notice,
General Wall then said:
ic Mr. President, while I acknowledge the dut\ of obedi
cnce to instructions, it is light lor me to say that I do not
acknowledge the light of the Legislative to play with it us
wax, and to mold it to any (onn. I will not be made the
liis-tiument of its abuse ; nor shall it be prostituted to fraud-
nlent purposes tlnough my aid. lam no Jew; and i do
not believe that if my enemy disretiaids the Sabbath, and
make-, wat on me on that day, that the command to keep
it holy foibids «eif-deiense.''
But, Mr. President, I hesitate obeying these
instructions for another reason. I behove them
to be contrary to the wishes of the people of that
State. I listen to the instructions contained in the
expression of their voices at the last election.
The voice of the people, sir, is at least as potent
with me as the Legislature. At the last election
there were cast for Mr. Lincoln in that State,
58,324 votes; for the "fusion ticket" (composed
of throe electors friendly to the Senator from Illi-
nois, [Mr. Douglas,] two in favor of the Piesi-
dent of the Senate, [Mr. Breckinridge,] and two
of a distinguished citizen of Tennessee) there
were cast 6:2,801 votes. A large number who
voted this "fusion ticket" were Douglas Demo-
crats; ceitainly one third, 1 believe much more.
These did not cast their votes for the establish-
ment of slavery m the Territories, or to recognize
or protect it there as property by congressional
intervention.
Their doctrine, as I understood it, was directly
the reverse. It was against congressional inter-
ference with the domestic institutions of the peo-
ple in the Territories. Those who casttheir votes
for Mr. Lincoln did so m accordance with the
Chicago platform, which expressly declares
against the extension of slavery m the Territo-
ries. Of these there were over fifty-eight thou-
sand. Deduct from this two thirds of the fusion
vote, near forty-two thousand, and there is left
against it, still, some sixteen thousand votes.
Add to them the three thousand straight Douglas
votes also cast m that election, and there is a ma-
jority of some nineteen thousand in the State op-
posed to it, and virtually opposed to the lead-
ing proposition contained in the resolutions of the
patriotic Senator from Kentucky, [Mr. Critten-
den.] And vet the Legislature of New Jersey,
with an accidental majority in one of its two
branches, most strangely and most suddenly ac-
quired, by a strict party vote, on a suspension of
the rules, have undertaken to instruct us here to
vote against the wishes of the people, as declared
by them on the Gth day of November last.
Sir, as was said by General Wall, the Legisla-
ture of that State shall not mold like wax tins
doctrine of instructions, nor make it answer in
their hands the merest party ends.
Now, to come to the resolutions of the Senator
from Kentucky, as amended with his consent and !
by a vote of the Senate, let me say: the first ob-
jection that I make to them, and lying at the very
threshold, is as follows: they propose to amend
the Constitution in a way unconstitutional.
Among the most important provisions in the
Constitution of a Government like ours are-those
providing for its amend men tin the future. These,
; so to speak, stand as sentinels over it, to watch
all approaches to and all attacks upon it, and to
determine their true and real character, whether
they come from real friends or secret foes.
They are designed to secure stability and per-
manency to it; to afford the opportunity for all
necessary changes, and to protect it from all hasty,
impassioned, and revolutionary action.
A Government framed on mature deliberation,
by the very men who won their independence at
the cannon's mouth, for the protection of their
rights, and to secure freedom to themselves and
their posterity, should not be changed or altered
exceptfor the weightiest reasons, and then only in
the most solemn, calm, and unimpassioned man-
ner.
These were the motivos which actuated the
framers of the Constitution, when they, in tho
fifth article, specifically provided the two modes,
and only two, for its amendment: one by Con-
gress, whenever two thirds of both Houses shall
deem it necessary; the other, when the Legisla-
tures of two thirds of the several States should
call a convention proposing such amendments;
which, in either case, should be valid as a part
of the Constitution, only when ratified by the
Legislatures of three fourths of the several States,
or by conventions in three fourths thereof, which-
ever mode of ratification might be proposed by
Congress.
So, by the Constitution, proposed amendments
are to originate, either with Congress or the State
Legislatures, and only when a large preponder-
ating voice—not a mere majority—is in favor of
them; and on mature deliberation, after time has
been afforded for reflection and consideration,
j and not with the people, in a time of high exeitc-
! merit and political acerbity, engendered by the
! flashing hents and fierce contentions of aprcsi-
! dential canvass, or by the disappointments of a
party overthrow.
Sir, in the way provided by the Constitution,
twelve amendments have been already made
thereto; and expeiionce has proved that the ac-
tion of its fiamers.in this respect, was most wise
and prudent. If the Constitution needs amend-
ment, let it be amended m the way and mode pro-
vided by it. Any other mode will lead to endless
strifes for changes and for alterations.
Now as regards the subject-matter of the reso-
lutions. I take the liberty here, to say, on tins
occasion, I could cordially support several of these
propositions.
On the subjcctof the rendition of fugitives from
labor, I have made known my views, already, in
the few remarks 1 offered in the Senate, at its for-
mer session, and i am glad to know the public
mind is coming to its senses on this point. I am
ready now to amend the act of 1850, so as to cure
it of the objections urged against it, and to make
it so efficient, as to enforce completely the provi-
sions of the Constitution in this particular.
I am in favor of the repeal of all laws that pro-
hibit or interfere with the full, fair, and faithful
execution of the actsof Congress on this subject,
(of which I am happy now to say we have hone
in New Jersey; but, on the contrary, have in aid
thereof:) while I, at the same time, am in favor
of maintaining such laws as punish all unlawful
attempts and conspiracies to capture,kidnap,and
carry off free men, either white or black, into hope-
less bondage; and I would also insist, forever in-
sist, upon the faithful observance oft hat now much
violated article of the Constitution which declares
that" the citizens of each State shall be entitled
to all privileges and immunities of citizens of the
several States."
Again: I could cheerfully support every meas-
ure which will effectually prevent the citizens of
one State from interfering with the domestic in-
stitutions of another, either by armed bands of
muiderous ruffians making b'loody raids therein,
(whose punishment 1 would provide for, as New
Jersey has already done, by statute,) or by more
open and authoritative acts on the part of the gov-
ernment or people of any State, to make, incite,
or set on foot, any such unlawful acts or inter-
ference. And, sir, speaking for myself, while I
would not be helped to a single glass of pure cold
