98
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 24,
36Tfi Cong....2d Sess.
State of the Union—Mr. Bust.
Ho. of Keps.
theRepublican party; which violated theprinciples
of the Chicago platform, or recognized the rights
of property in man; which recognized the right of
the southern planter to the slaves upon his plant-
ation as property. He says a " minority of the
committee from the aggrieved States," he takes
great pleasure to acknowledge, "reciprocated the
spirit" which he, in "good faith," evinced to
settle the controversy between the sections " upon
the basis of the Chicago platform." I thank God
it was only a minority from the aggrieved States
which " fairly reciprocated the spirit" of the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts. I thank God it was
a small minority. I believe, if a new Congress
were elected, and another committee appointed,
the minority " fairly reciprocating the spirit" of
the gentleman from Massachusetts would be very
small indeed.
The gentleman from Massachusetts publishes
in his report a resolution offered by himself in that
committee, declaring " a peaceful acquicscence in
the election of a Chief Magistrate, accomplished
in accordance with every legal and constitutional
requirement," to be first, the " paramount," after-
wards amended upon the motion of the gentle-
man from Virginia to "a high and imperative"
duty of every good citizen of the. United States.
1 was one of those seven who refused to vote for
this resolution. He offers in his report an argu-
ment to prove the propriety of it. I believe I
shall not have time to rep'ly to that argument.
To concede it, was to concede everything. We
had assembled to agree upon terms upon which we
could recommend to the southern States " peace-
ful acquiescence" in the election of Abraham Lin-
coln, elected upon the sole principle of hostility to
an institution vital to the independence and pros-
perity of these States.
I repeat, sir, that although I agree to the res-
olution in the abstract, I refused to vote for it.
I deny that it is the duty of any good citizen to
acquiesce in any govcrnment-which was ordained
and established for his protection in all his con-
stitutional rights, when it becomcs perverted into a
means of wrongand oppression anu an instrument
by which those rights can be destroyed.
Let me submit to the gentlemen from the South
who voted for the resolution, this proposition:
Suppose John Brown, the robber and murderer,
the felon and traitor, the hero and martyr of the
Republican party, had cscaped conviction and
punishment by death upon the scaffold for his
manifold crimes—and if he had, I believe that to-
day he would be a more popular man with the
Republican party than Abraham Lincoln, the
President elect—suppose he had been selected by
the Chicago convention as the candidate of the
party, and elected, as he would have been: then
would the gentleman from Massachusetts, and
those from the North and South who have voted
with him for his resolution, allege it to be the
" high and imperative duty" of citizens of Vir-
ginia and other southern States 14 peacefully to
acquiesce in his election," and submit to a gov-
ernment administered by him?
Mr. DUNN. Are you not aware, sir, that in
the Chicago platform the raid of John Brown is
expressly condemned?
Mr. RUST. No, sir.
Mr. DUNN. I want it to go out with your
spee-ch, then, that you are misrepresenting the
public sentiment of the North.
Mr. RUST. That is not an applicable reply
to what I have been stating. 1 have supposed a
case that might happen—which 1 believe would,
in ail probability, have happened, but for the just
doom of a traitor and outlaw; for, sir, if John
Brown had lived, I am of the opinion that he would
have been a more popular man to-day than Abra-
ham Lincoln.
Mr. PALMER. I think the gentleman is mis-
taken. I think he did say affirmatively that John
Brown was the hero and martyr of the Repub-
lican party, which called forth the remarket' the
gentleman from Indiana.
Mr. RUST. 1 do think so. Now, whatdoesthe i
fentlemansay? Does he deny or controvert what :
have stated with reference to the action of the 1
majority of the select committee of thirty-three? :
Does the gentleman admit that the majority of the j
committee was willing to concede anything in
conflict with the Chicago platform; will he d^rsv I
that the majority, in response to all our demands,
threatened us with the sword?
Mr. DUNN. I desire, as one member of that
committee, to say that I endeavored to discharge
my duty there without any reference whatever to
the Chicago platform; and I believe that that
phrase escaped from my hps but once; and that
was in reference to that very charge that the Re-
publican party sympathized with that raid of John
Brown. I believe that every enlightened citizen
of this country, north and south, knows that to
be an infamous libel upon the Republican party;
and I am only surprised that men who have great
public interests in charge in this day of peril will
give circulation to such a libelous assertion.
Mr. RUST. What is that libelous assertion ?
Mr. DUNN. That the Republican party sym-
pathizes with John Brown.
Mr. RUST. I do not reply to that here; but,
sir, I will not appeal to him as a gentleman, nor
do I appeal to him at all again. But I appeal to
other gentlemen of that committee, to whom that
appellation may yet apply. I appeal to the gentle-
man from Massachusetts, or to any other member
upon the committee, of that party, if they mani-
fested a willingness to vote for any measure in
conflict with the Chicago platform; and whether
they conceded one hair's breadth of what they
called their idea of republican Government.
Mr. HINDMAN. I desire to ask one question
of the gentleman from Indiana. In reply to the
remark just made by the gentleman from Indiana,
1 wish to ask one question, to enable his mean-
ing to be understood. Did he intend to intimate
.that he, upon that committee, was willing to give
any vote that would amount to a repudiation of
the Chicago platform, or any portion thereof?
Mr. DUNN. I am very frank to say 1 did not;
because I did not believe that platform to bo in
conflict with the Constitution of the United
States.
Mr. RUST. I have got all I want. And in
regard to that infamouslibel which the gentleman
has charged upon me, 1 hope now he will say he
is responsible for it, and I will treat it hereafter.
Let me know now >
Mr. DUNN. The gentleman can seek what he
desires.
Mr. RUST. Those who incite others to war
should bo willing to wage war themselves.
Mr. DUNN". This is a free country; and the
gentleman can seek redress in any form he pleases.
Mr RUST. I have the answer 1 wanted. Oh,
no; they deprecate brute force; they want reason,
argument, thought, discussion here; but when
they are held to responsibility for their insolence,
cowards they piove to be, who are willing to in-
volve others m dangers which they wjII not share
themselves.
Mr. COLFAX. I desire to ask whether these
remarks of the gentleman from Arkansas arc
strictly in order?
Mr. RUST. I am done with that.
Mr. COLFAX. I insist that to apply the epi-
thet u coward " to any member of the llouse is
not in order?
Mr. HINDMAN. It occurs to me that the gen-
tleman from Indiana might have raised the point
of Older upon his colleague with more propriety.
I would inquire of the Chair whetheritis in order
to apply the language "infamouslibel" to any
member of this House?
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Kellogg,
of Illinois,in the chair.) The Chair would suggest
to the gentlemen that this character of debate is
hardly in order.
Mr. HINDMAN. If it is not in order, why
did the Chair permit the gentleman from Indiana
(Mr. Dunn] to use the word " infamous," as ap-
plicable to a gentleman in this House? Why did
not the Chair then enforce the rule?
Mr. DUNN. If the gentleman will allow me,
I will say this 
Mr. RUST. No, sir; no, sir; not with my
permission shall the gentleman open his mouth.
Mr. DUNN. Then the gentleman's colleague
should not have asked the question.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair re-
quires gentlemen to observe older in the course
of debate. The Chair would observe to the gen-
tleman from Arkansas that the matters to which
allusion is now mada took niuce before the present
occupant of the chair took the chair, as he recol-
lects. Whether it be so or not, this course of
discussion was not then in his mind.
Mr. RUST. I desire to make this inquiry of
the Chair. I wish to ascertain from the Chair
whether, in his opinion, the gentleman from Ark-
ansas was the first one who committed a breach
of parliamentary privilege?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair would
suggest to the gentleman from Arkansas, that the
present occupant of the chair was not in the chair
at the time when, apparently, this character of
discussion commenced; but he will say to the
gentleman, that he will, as far as possible, require
gentlemen to observe the order of debate while
he occupies the chair, whether upon one side or
the other.
Mr. RUST. With regard to John Brown—
whose name I introduced by way of argument—
and his Republican sympathizers, it is only neces-
sary to stale, in proof of the charge, that he is
their hero and martyr; that monuments have been
erected to his memory; the anniversary of his
death has been celebrated by multitudes of his
admirers; the present Governor of Massachusetts,
I am informed, has testified his appreciation ofliis
character and sympathy with the cause m which
he sacrificed himself, by the contribution of a
large amount of money to a fund to be devoted to
that purpose; and, last of all, Mr. Seward, in a
recent speech, spoke of the invasion of Virginia
by Brown as an illustration uf the "fearful and
uncompromising hostility to slavery" which per-
vades the world wherever slavery does not exist.
What more evidence is necessary to show that
John Brown is regaided by permanent and influ-
ential members of the Republican party as a mar-
tyr and a hero ?
I will say, again, Mr. Speaker, if the Repub-
lican members of this House upon the committee
of thirty-three, or upon this floor, represent the
sentiment of the northern people, all hope of com-
promise is gone. I am willing to vote for a prop-
osition which allows the people, as a dernier res-
sort, to speak for themselves; and if this House
refuses that opportunity; if it is unwilling to trust
its own constituents, I say, then, 1 will exhort
every man of the South, my own people as well
as other people of the southern States, to prepare
for war. I would prefer war, with all its attend-
ant horrors, to such a submission as it would be,
after all that has occurred, upon the part of the
South, to allow this Government to go into the
hands of the Republican party, and be adminis-
tered by them in the southern States of the Union.
I would prefer that the whole southern States
should become one blood-stained and unpeopled
desert; 1 would prefer anything to such a humil-
iation and dishonor as it would be to submit to
such a party and to such an Administration,under
such circumstances.
After all that has been said and done by the
southern people, submission now for the sake of
peace would invite future aggressions and insults
which skives themselves would not brook or sub-
mit to. If justice is denied us now, the odds
against us will be greater a year hence, or two
months hence, than they now are; and our true
policy is to demand equality m the Union, and if
that is denied, assert and maintain our independ-
ence out of it, and, if need be, with the sword,
and " pray God to be with the right."
But I do not believe that these Representatives
represent that people. I have a hope that a dif-
ferent sentunent prevails among the northern peo-
ple. I hope, if this Union is dissolved, there will
be a reconstruction of it. The interests of all see-
lions of this Confederacy are in the Union, and of
none more so than the State which I m part rep-
resent. As to the country in the Mississippi val-
ley, it is impossible to divide it. Social relations
and feelings and sympathies and commercial in-
terests are so blended that it is beyond the power
of man to sunder them. Let this Congress madly
refuse to do its duty, and conventions be call< cf,
and States secede, and disunion come, still God
has so united the people of the Mississippi val-
ley that the folly and wickedness of man cannot
keep them asunder. Let the Union be dissolved,
or rather suspended, and anew one will be formed
out of the wreck, upon a firmer, juster, and more
enduring basis than the old one, which is now
