THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 1,
water on compulsion, I would notinterfere, in the
least degree, to hinder the performance of any
service which may be due from him who is held
to labor, to the person to whom such labor may
be due, in any place or jurisdiction where the local
law renders such service legal and obligatory. I
would leave that entirely to the local authority of
the place, and to the judgment and the consciences
of those who may require it; who are responsible
for, and ready to assume, the consequences of it.
Nor do i see why Congress should hinder or
by law prohibit the transportation of persons
held to service from one State to another, either
by land or water, provided no such transporta-
tion or any trafficking in slaves should be per-
mitted in the States now free, or in the waters
flowing through thorn; but I would ever punish
with the pains of death that execrable com-
merce" which Mr. Jefferson, in the original draft
of the Declaration of Independence, called with
truth, " a piratical warfare, the opprobrium of in-
fidel Powers, and the warfare of the Christian
King of Great Britain, determined to keep open
a market where men should be boughtand sold."
I know, sir, that there are men, even in this our
day, who claim to view this traffic as a Christian
blessing; claiming that it opens Africa to religious
influence, and brings its sacred blaze to glow upon
the heathen mind. It does, indeed, upon those
killed in wars incited for their capture; it does,
indeed, 011 those who die in transit, and, like dead
cats and dogs, are cast into the sea; it may, in-
deed, on those who reach a crowded mart, and
find their way at last to fields of endless toil!
They say our patriotic fathers were mistaken; that
they did not understand themselves. But, sir, such
men as these, to gain their selfish ends, not only
would denounce their words, but hurl the idols of
their former worship from their altars, and, creep-
ing up, like insects, on the sides, presume to take
their places in their stead.
And so, Mr. President, I might go on and state
my views on all the several matters referred to in
these resolutions; but as the objection 1 enter-
tain to the first article will preclude my voting for
them in their present shape, I will not trespass
further on the patience of the Senate by a special
reference to them.
M y objection to the first article, as now amended,
is, it does not restore the Missouri compromise
merely, as some suppose and claim it does. It
provides that—
"In all the territoiy south of that lino of latitude—3G°
30'—now hold or to be hereafter acquired, flavcry of the
African race is hereby leeoguUeclusoxiMuii^amlshall not
tie interfered with by Congress, but shall be protected a*
property-by all the departments of the territorial govern-
ment during us euntiiiuaiR-e."
Now, sir, this I cannot vote for. In view of
what I now believe to be a well-established pur-
pose and design, in certain quarters, as shown
by past events, to extend the power of this Gov-
ernment over JVL'Xieo, Central America, Cuba,
and the islands of the sea, such an amendment to
the Constitution would, soon or lute, consign this
continent, south of us and north of Oarien, to the
influences of slavery, political and social. This,
I claim, would be unjust to the northern portion
of this Union, and would, through the operation
of the three-fifths rule, on which the right of rep-
resentation is based in Congress,extend this right
beyond the limits contemplated by the framersof
the Constitution. It would be unjust to the toil-
ing millions of free white men, who labor for a
living with their own hands; and against the spirit
of our institutions, framed to advance the inter-
ests of freemen, everywhere within the shadow of
their influence. But, sir, Kansas having been
admitted as a State, and this act of tardy justice
done at last, I could give my vote for the passage
of an act, enabling the people of so much of the
Territory of New Mexico as lies south of the line
of 3G° 30' to come into the Union as a State, with
such a constitution with regard to slavery or free-
dom as they might choose to frame, provided
involuntary servitude,unless asa punishmentfor
crimc, be forever prohibited in the Territories i
north of that line of latitude. I
This would violate no provision of the Consti-
tution. This would be in accordance with former
precedent. It would, or ought to, put an end to i
this unholy controversy; and would, or ought, I
effectually to silence all strife and agitation. If, i
however, noadjustmontcan be made,if this Union j
must be destroyed, it will be upon a theory, on '
the most miserable abstraction in the world ? Sir,
the present status in the Territories is already
fixed—isa" factaccomplished." IfthisUnion be
dissolved, the madness of the act will be equaled
only by its stupendous folly ? The dissolution of
the Union,did I say! No, sir; no. It may be
attempted; we may have strife and conflict; we
may have blows and bloodshed; we may have
war, " grim-visaged war;" but this Union of our
fathers, this blessed Union, this priceless heri-
tage, cannot be destroyed without a struggle—a
struggle long protracted. Nations spring not into
being in a day; nor do they vanish in an hour.
They do not die as infants do. They feel by far a
greater pang than when a giant dies. They must
protect themselves; they must protect their pow-
er; they must preserve their limits; they must
maintain control! The law of self-defense applies
as well to them as to individuals. No; this Union
cannot be destroyed! Man, in his mad folly,
may attempt it; but man, in his blind rage, cannot
effect it. Humanity, civilized, enlightened, will
denounce it. God, in his goodness and Ins mercy,
will not permit it!
But nay; come, let us turn away from such a
topic. Let us turn our eyes from fierce conten-
tionsand from bloody strifes. Let us turn away J
from States discordant and belligerent. Let us
rather turn to South Carolina—to South Caro-
lina in 1831. It is a morning in July. It is the
nation's jubilee. The scene is Charleston. Her
sons are gathered around the festive board. The
patriotic speech and toasts go round. Harmo-
nious voices rise upon the an*. The listening car
attends, and this the " burden of the song:"
" Ilail I our country's natal morn;
Hail! our spreading kindred born;
Ilail! our banner, yot untorn,
Waving o'ei the free!
While this, day, in festal thion^,
Millions mvoII the p.ituot song,
Shall not we then notes prolong?
Hallowed jubilee!
u Who would s^vor Freedom"?? shrine ?
Who would draw the invidious line?
Though, h> birth, one *jiui be mine,
Dear is all the jest
Dear to me the Youth's fair land,
Deai the eential mountain band,
Deai New England'* rocky strand,
Dear the piained West I
" Hy our altais, pure and free,
By our law's deep-iooted tree,
By the past's dicad memory,
Ky oui Washington, ^
ftv our romtnon parent tongue, ^
By out hopes—bright, brilliant, young—
By the ties of oountiy, stiong,
We will still bo. one,
" Fathers! have ye bled m vam f
A^e->.! inu^l ye dioop again?
Maker! shall we rashly stain
Blessings sent tromThee?
No ! reocive our solemn vow,
Wlule. befotfi Thy throne we bow,
Ever to maintain, as now,
Union—Libel ty!"
The resolutions were ordered to be printed.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The hour of one
o'clock having arrived, the Chair must call up the
special order. The special order for this hour is
the message of the President, communicating to
the Senate a series of resolutions adopted by the
Legislature of Virginia; but the bill (S. No. 366)
to provide for a temporary government for the
Territory of Idaho, being the unfinished business
of yesterday, takes precedence. By general con-
sent, however, the Senator from California, [Mr.
Latham,] who is entitled to the floor upon the
President's message, may proceed.
COUNTING OF ELECTORAL VOTES.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Before the Senator begins,
I ask leave to offer a resolution; and, if there is
no objection, I hope that it will be considered
now:
Resolved, That a committee be appointed by the Presi-
dent of the Senate, to consist of three member's, to join
such conumttec may be appointed by the House of Rep-
resentative*. to ascertain and report a mode for examining
the votes for President and Vice President of the United
States, and notifying the persons chosen of their election.
Mr. LATHAM. Is that disposed of?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair hears
no objection to the present consideration of the
resolution.
Mr. BIGLER. I object to it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is so much
confusion that the Chair cannot hear Senators.
The Chair understood some Senator to object.
Mr. BIGLER. I object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Then the resolu-
tion will lie over.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Forney, its Clerk,- announced that the
House had passed the bill of the Senate (S. No.
64) to authorize the extension and use of a branch
of the Alexandria, Loudoun*, and Hampshire rail-
road, within the city of Georgetown.
The message further announced that the House
had passed a bill (H. R. No. 970) to regulate the
compensation of the keeper and assistant keepers
of the light-house on Minot's Ledge, in the har-
bor of Boston, Massachusetts, and for other pur-
poses; in which the concurrence of the Senate
was requested.
POST ROUTE BILL.
The message further announced that the House
had concurred in some, non-concurred in others,
and concurred in other amendments of the Senate
to the bill (H. R. No. 714) establishing certain
post routes, with amendments.
PRINTING OF DOCUMENTS.
The message furtherannotmced that the House
had ordered, yesterday, the printing of the follow-
j ing documents:
A letter from the Secretary of War, transmit-
, ting, in answer to a resolution of the House, cop-
ies of correspondence in reference to General Har-
! ncy's administration of the military department
j in Oregon—ordered at twelve o'clock and sixteen
< minutes.
| A letter from the Treasurer of the United States
: transmitting copies of the Treasurer's accounts
j for the service of the Post Office Department—
| ordered at twelve o'clock and fifteen minutes.
[ Resolves of the Legislature of the State of New
| Jersey in relation to the Union of the States—
ordered at twelve o'clock and seventeen minutes.
MISSION OF PEACE FROM VIRGINIA.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
message of the President of the United States
communicated to the Senate on the 28th inetant,
the pending question being on the motion of Mr.
/Iasov to print extra numbers.
Mr. LATHAM. Mr. President, I have here-
tofore studiously avoided referring; to the present
unhappy condition of our country. Nothing which
a representative from California could have said,
would allay a fraction of the prevalent excite-
ment, or persuade Senators to follow the path of
patriotic duty.
That State has no immediate vital connection .
with the irritating cause, the consequences ofwhich
are now before the American people, excepting
the deep interest her citizens naturally feel in the
integrity of a country and a nationality as dear to
and as much valued by them as by any other por-
tion of the Confederacy. Enjoying an immunity
from the horrors so graphically depicted by Sen-
ators, to which we seem inevitably drifting, lying
peacefully in the arms of the great Sierra Nevadas
which enciicle her, she contemplates, dispassion-
ately,the dangers encompassing the nation's path-
way, and the many remedies proposed. I con-
scientiously desire to speak with her voice, and
to act as I believe by her dictation, upon the pres-
ent or future events.
Melancholy as it is, disunion—a word which,
some thirty years ago, the immortal Calhoun did
not venture to pronounce, a thing which even the
boldest among us scarcely ventured to infer, and
which was inferred rather in terrorem than with
any expectation of realization—has now become
familiar to American ears as household words.
Men who would have shuddered at the whisper
ten years ago, are now compelled to grapple with
it hand to hand, to calculate the greater or less
disastrous consequences which mustfollowin the
train of that, so terrible a catastrophe. What but
a short time ago was the midnight dream of a few
isolated men, has now become a fearful noon-day
reality, with which we have to deal as men and
legislators. It is needless, now, to regret; to re-
view the steps and meastfrcs, the men or parties,
by which this monstrous change in the hearts of
so great a portion of our countrymen has been
broughtabout—to make this or that man respons-
