1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
688
ible for the mischief. These empty seats too
plainly tell us that the evil is upon us, and we
must palliate or arrest it as we may.
It is impossible to deny that the ties of frater-
nity which once bound the States as a nation
have been loosened, if not altogether broken; that
men heretofore counted as patriots, north and
south, are looking upon our Federal Government
either as tyrannical and unjust, or as too weak
and powerless to afford them adequate protection
of life and property; and we have arrived at that
period in our brief national history, when our
free institutions, instead of inspiring confidence,
strike terror and dismay into nearly one half the
Confederacy of States.
Vain is the endeavor to calm the excitement,
or to allay the apprehensions of our brethren,
hy assuring them that there is no new cause for
such alarm. Our people belong to a race of men
not easily terrified by phantoms of danger, mere
creations of a feverish brain. They are accus-
tomed to look realities in the face—to go half way
lo meet them. It is this very characteristic of
our people which increases the difficulties of the
situation, by affording us too little time for con-
sideration and deliberate action.
The South feel less indignant, perhaps, at the
wrongs which have been actually committed,than
apprehensive of others which may be perpetrated
at a time not far distant; and they are as men re-
solved to meet the issue at the very threshold.
They protest against the theory of wrong; against
any interpretation of the Constitution which
threatens their vested rights; and against the ex-
ercisc of every power not surrounded by those
checks and balances which they deem indispen-
sable to liberty, equality, and safety m the Union.
As far as this mode of reasoning goes, consider-
ing theirstandpoiiit, I cannot altogether condemn,
though I might not be willing to follow it to all
the diieful consequences. I am willing to admit,
however, as they boldly assert, that there is cause
for appiehension—room for action; the proper
question for our consideration being, to what ex-
tent are these apprehensions justified, and within
what reasonable and just limits ought the action
of States to be confined at this momentous period.
I do not propose to discuss the doctrine of se-
cession, as to my mind a greater political paradox
was never uttered than asserting the constitu-
tional right of a State to secede. Its fallacy has
been clearly and unanswerably demonstrated by
the distinguished Senators from Illinois [Mr.
Douglas] and Tennessee, [Mr. Johnson;] and
nothing can be added to their lucid exposition.
The doctrine enunciated by the distinguished Sen-
ator from Louisiana, [Mr. Benjamin,] that the
States, in forming; the Constitution, having failed
in express terms to delegate such power as would
make the Union peimanent, each State has, there-
fore, among its reserved powers the right of with-
drawal at pleasure, is to my nund equally unten-
able. I admit, as a general proposition, for noth-
ing is truer, that whatever political power is not
granted by the Constitution is reserved to the
States; but this reservation cannot include what
is at once destructne of the powers expressly
granted. True, there is no power expressed m the
Constitution whereby the States severally part
with all right of withdrawing from the Union
when they singly or collectively deem their rights
tiatnpled upon and their interests violated; but
because not so expressed, it does not necessarily
follow that it is a icserved right, for the reason
that such reservation would be at variance with,
and destructive of, all the other powers expressed.
It is saying Government, no Government; it is
political hfe and death existing and ruling at the
same time, in one and the same body.
Nor do I propose discussing the " right of rev-
olution,"as the distinguished Senator from Geor-
gia, not now in ins seat, [Mr. Toombs,] boldly
ami properly called the action of South Carolina
and his own State. That is a right inherent in
man; but also a right which must be denied by
ev'Ty existing Government, unless it be willing to
sign and execute its own death warrant. Neither
shall I attempt to justify those who make revolu-
tions; because all such attempts have reference to
the morality and the necessity of the act. Rev-
olutions and revolutionary leaders are judged by
history; not by civil or military tribunals, though
these may take away hfe and property; by pos-
terity, not by cotemporarios. We may, in a his-
torical sense, speak of the causes and probable
consequences of revolutions; but the question of
right depends on the issue of the trial, and involves
nothing less than the success or defeat of those
engaged, and the respective positions of the ac-
cused and their judges.
The framers of our Constitution, no doubt, in-
tended to establish a Government, and for that rea-
son they could not make provision for its spon-
taneous destruction. Neither could they have
seriously entertained the idea of coercion, as it is
generally understood and applied by Senators on
this floor, which would have been tantamount to
their providing for civil war. The very Declara-
tion of Independence says that all just authority
is derived from the consent of the governed, and
not from the means the Government may hold at
its disposal to enforce obedience to its decrees. ;
Our Government is one of reason, of voluntary j
submission to constitutional authority, depending !
for strength and cohesion upon the affection of
confide the drawing up of such an instrument to
a mere plurality of votes. We are already or-
ganized as a definite constitutional Government;
as a confederate Republic; and we are bound to
preserve that Government in its true spirit, and
with all the checks and balances which protect
the minority from the encroachments of the arbi-
trary will of the majority. Nothing is more nat-
ural than that the South, whose protest against
gratuitous and inexcusable interference has been
sounding in our cars for more than thirty years,
should now be clamorous to secure, beyond con-
tingency, her rights, resorting even to armed rev-
olution, rather than continue in a state of perpetual
political warfare, and personal insecurity.
It is in vain for us of the North to boast of our
greater physical power and material resources.
The men of the South are our own brethren; they
belong to the same Anglo-Saxon race, and will
not be intimidated, but rather aroused, by such
an appeal to mere numerical disparity. Such
the people, and on that just and wise administra- ]j devices are not only unworthy of us, but are at
tion of* rniblic. nfFaira which mnlrrs: if- thf> infpvncf it «11 ilmno J.^,.1 c?i.. zc
tion of public affairs which makes it the interest
of States and individuals to uphold and protect it.
The framers of the Constitution thought of no
other means of perpetuating the Government they
had established; and left it, by that sublime omis-
sion, no other alternative but to be just, or to
perish. .
As a check on revolutions, they relied on the
loyalty of the States and interest of the people, on
their attachment to the Government of their own
choice, and on their conviction that it was the very
best Government possible for mortal man to es-
tablish, because most efficient in securing the great
ends of all government—oider and protection.
Here, then, we have the historical stand-point
from which to judge our present condition, and
the inevitable consequences to which, unaltered,
it must lead. There is no doubt that the con-
tinued agitation and harping upon the slavery
question in the ncm-sluveholding States for the
space of nearly a third of a century, and more
than one third of the period of our national exist-
ence, has deeply affected the southern attachment
to the Union; that it has arrayed the two geo-
graphical sections of the country against each
other; that it has separated religious communities;
that it has planted distrust and hatred in northern
and southern hearts, and created that sense of in-
security and injustice to the latter which is less
tolerable than a state of open warfare against a
declared enemy. Piactically, it is worse than idle
to bay that a conservative sentiment pervades a
large portion of the people of the northern States j
when the fact stands out in bold relief that the j
dominant Republican paity lives there alone and j
thuves by the agitation of the slavery question; i
and that, as a party, it is bound to chprish that !
hy which it lives and prospeis. It is as possible j
to live without food as for a thorough Republican !
to exist without the agitation of "the slavery :
question/' Numbeis of intelligent Republicans !
are no doubt fully awaie of the enormity of their '
doctrines, and believe in the#n no more than the
augurs of Rome believed in their own prophesies;
but they find anti-slavery sentiments the means
of acquiring popularity, influence, and power;
and they do not, therefore, think it worth while
to use their talents and intellectual capacities m
the far less remunerative efforts of sincere and
all times absolutely wicked and criminal. Sir, if
questions nearefhome should hereafter divide our
own community of votes, who shall say that soma
men of turbulent spirit, some would-be leaders,
inspired with the supremacy of numbers, may not
institute unpleasant comparisons between what
the many want and the few refuse ? The few are
always pronounced selfish, and the many always
claim in behalf of public justice; for justice, ac-
cording to the satirical expounder of Athenian
freedom, (Aristophanes,) is always " the interest
of the majority." It behooves us of the North not
to carry our numerical arguments in behalf of the
negro too far, lest some one may hereafter apply
them to other themes " m the interestof society,"
and to classes of men not distinguished from us by
the aristocratic element of color.
To reiterate, our Government is one of reason;
of voluntary submission to law; and it can exist
only so long as it is true to itself and its great mis-
sion. It possesses from its very nature but a qual-
ified coercive power, and it loses its character,
ceases to beaficeGovernmentwithmthe meaning
of the Constitution, when it employs force for its
own maintenance. If the southern States—bel iev-
ing their institutions, the property and lives of
their own citizens—no longer safe in the Union,
choose to separate and conduct a government of
their own, no exercise ofpowervested in the Pres-
ident of the United States or in Congress can pre-
vent it, however disastrous to public welfare and
damning to national reputation such a separation
may prove to the aggregate of the A mcncan people.
I consider it a work of supererogation to enter at
all upon the " constitutionality" of such a ques-
tion.
Let me not be understood as subscribing to the
doctrine so often enunciated on this floor, that
there is no power in the Government of the Uni-
ted States to enforce its own wj itten and acknowl-
edged laws. Sir, I will never so libel my own
Government, or the memory of the illustrious
men who made it. There is power, complete and
adequate, to secure obedience to the law from any
disorderly community, or the more serious end
of enforcing the letter of the laws 01 the United
States in one State in actual revolt. But the ap-
plication of such power is always within the dis-
cretion of the Government, and the necessity and
consequences must be considered. When, there-
fore, not a community or a single State, but many
States, acting; in unison, and with the heartfelt
judicious statesmanship. It is at all times a more
facile task to excite passions than to satisfy icason.
It cannot, however, be doubted that there is a
strong conservative feeling in many members of;) sympathies of even others comprising the Con-
thc Republican party; and that ground may he 11 federation, rise up in revolution, with the spirit
shared, to some extent, by the President elect; ji of one mighty empire, talking here about force
but it is to be feared it may be confined to a very :
strong desire to preserve the Union without sur- i
rendering any of the cardinal points of the Repub- !
lican faith. All such conservatism,it is needless j
to say, at this time, is by itself of small practical >
value. The southern States are not willing to j
trust their destiny or that of this great nation to j
such consei vatisrn. They require more than a ;
meic promise to feel sure there will be an absti- i
nencc from wrong doing. They ask a public rec- j
ognition of principles, and an agreement which '
will render injustice impossible, or at least highly
and coercion against such a movement is prepos-
terous, idle, and suicidal. Ten million people,
believing their hearthstones to be ruthlessly in-
vaded, their domestic institutions destroyed, and
their nationality degiad''d; their equality in a
Government, resting alone on equality, annihi-
lated: sirs, not all the armies from the time of the
Cresars till our day could force them to adhere,
to love, or to obey a Government whose execu-
tive power is irretrievably and openly committed,
as they believe, to the pursuits of such aims under
the name of party piineiples, If such power of
improbable; something which shall not grant to jj coercion were even constitutionally vested in the
our brethren of the South, from political charity, |j President and m Congress, we are called upon to
what the Constitution si cures to them as a light, jj say how can it be profitably exercised.
Senators, we are not here a constituent assembly. ;! It is very clear that as long as the North and the
We have not met to frame a Constitution, or to !' South quarrel with mere complaints and griev-
