100
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Jamiary 24,
36th Cong....2d Sess.
State of the Union—Mr. Bust.
Ho. of Keps.
and beg and implore them, as their last and only
hope of security, to go out of it.
Mr, Speaker, I do not know what was sought
to be accomplished by making a report which was
no report; a report repudiated by the committee
that ordered it to be made.
Mr. MALLORY. Will the gentleman from
Arkansas permit me to ask him a question ? Do
I understand him to say that a majority of the
'committee of thirty-three, or a majority of that
portion of the committee which represented the
free States, refused in committee to vote for an
amendment of the Constitution of the United
States, providing that slavery should never be in-
terfered with in the States where it exists?
Mr. RUST. I said nothing like that; and 1 am
sorry my friend from Kentucky could so far mis-
apprehend me. I went on to review the progress
of the Republican party in this House and the
country. I stated that in 1841 there were two Re-
publicans in this House; in 1846, seven; in 1856
they controlled the organization which nominated
Fremont; and in 1860 they elected Lincoln. I
then said that three members of the committee of
thirty-three from the northern States, selected, I
suppose, because of their conservative sentiments,
refused to yield the power to legislate on slavery,
or to amend the Constitution so as to exclude
forever the power to do so.
Mr. MALLORY. Then, as I wish to be thor-
oughly informed on this branch of the subject, 1
ask my friend from Arkansas whether these three
members of the committee refused to surrender up
a power which they supposed they had; or did
they refuse to agree to that amendment because
they thought it unnecessary, inasmuch as such
power is not possessed now ?
Mr. RUST. 1 am not so unkind as to assign
motives to men's actions. 1 hardly understand
the actions themselves.
Mr. MALLORY. I only asked the question
for information.
Mr. RUST. I heard them assign no reason for
their action.
Mr. H1NDMAN. Will the gentleman from
Kentucky allow me to ask him whether he is
familiar with the reason?
Mr. MALLORY. I am not, sir. I only asked
for infoimation.
Mr. RUST. I repeat, that I shall not under-
take to assign motives for men's actions. I was
saying that the chairman of the committee made
a report, which is no report; which 1 did not vote
for, which you did not vote for, and which no
member of the committee voted for. That gen-
tleman, [Mr. Corwin,] m the speech which he
made, alluded to South Carolina as having taken,
as she did in 1833, the lead in this work of trea-
son and rebellion. It is well enough, perhaps,
that the Republican party should try to avail
themselves of the odium which attaches, or which
did attach, to the precipitate action of South Car-
olina; but is the gentleman from Ohio conversant
only with that part of the history of the country
of which he calls himself a part? Has ho never
read anything of history ? Docs he not know that
South Carolina, m 1833, was following the lead
of New England States in 1814, when we were at
war with a powerful nation ? The New England
States, during the most of the struggle, afforded
aid and comfort to the public enemy, and resolved
that they would leave the Union. They sent em-
bassadors to Washington to treat with the admin-
istration of Mr. Madison for the terms of their
withdrawal. They were not even in a time of war
denounced as rebels and traitors. John Gtuincy
Adams declared in his writings that that great
catastrophe, the dismemberment of the Confed-
eracy, was only averted by the receipt of intelli-
gence that peace had been concluded by the treaty
of Ghent. Have New England and northern
States a prescriptive right to treason and rebel-
lion; or is not that treason in Massachusetts and
Connecticut and Rhode Island, which is treason
in Florida, South Carolina, Alabama, and Mis-
sissippi ! If not, then indeed we have never been
equals in this Confederacy. If one law is to be
applied to one portion of the Confederacy, and
another to another, if that which is treason in one
part is not treason in another, then we Lave re-
mained in the Union much too long already. 1
Again; while South Carolina is held up to the ;
reprobation of the people for what is called her
petuiancy, her precipitancy, her presumption, her
arrogance, has the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Adams] forgotten that, in 1846, the Legis-
lature of Massachusetts declared that the annex-
ation of Texas would justify Massachusetts in
leaving this accursed Confederacy? Has he for-,
gotten that that Legislature, by solemn resolution,
declared that the annexation of Texas would be
a dissolution of the Union? The gentleman from
Massachusetts was a member of that Legislature:,
and yet he is the gentleman to come forward now
and declare against all appeals for concession and
compromise, and is ready to declare war against
States which are only exorcising rights and powers
on more than one occasion asserted by his own.
Mr. GOOCH. I desire to ask the gentleman
from Arkansas whether he has read the resolu-
tion of the Massachusetts Legislature to which
he refers ?
Mr. RUST. I have.
Mr. GOOCH. Will the gentleman read it now
in the House?
Mr. RUST. I have it not here.
Mr. GOOCH. When the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Cox] read a resolution the other day as
having been passed by the Massachusetts Legis-
lature, I could not remember that any such reso-
lution had ever been passed; and I have not since
been able to find any such resolution as lie then
quoted. I hoped, if there were any such resolu-
tion passed, that I might, by this inquiry, ascer-
tain where to find it.
Mr. RUST. Very good. I expect I can put
the gentleman in the way of ascertaining where
that resolution is to bo found. The gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Adams,] who admitted
having introduced the resolution himself, is now
in his seat; and of course he is more competent
to give information to his colleague in regard to
it than 1 am. I will yield the floor to him.
Mr. ADAMS, of Massachusetts. I say to the
gentleman from Arkansas, that he never heard
from me any clear statement of what that reso-
lution contained. At the time he heard me speak
of it, I had not seen it for fourteen or fifteen
years. If the gentleman will look it up, and pre-
sent it to the House, then the House will be the
judge of what it contains. Until that time I beg
him not to make a representation of what he
knows nothing about.
Air. RUST. The gentleman from Massachu-
setts states that I had no clear intimation from him
of what the resolution contains. 1 will admit that
the gentlemen studiously avoided an intimation
which I thought he was perfectly competent to
make, lie seemed to think that that resolution,
of which he was himself the author, was a very
delicate matter at this particular crisis. 1 have
endeavored to get the resolution, and I hope the
gentleman will aid me in getting it. It is due to
him and to me, either that he should contradict
the purport of what 1 state the resolution to be, or
else produce it, and let it prove itself. I ask him
now, if he does not know what the 1 esolutiun was.
Mr. ADAMS, of Massachusetts. 1 know per-
fectly well.
Mr. RUST. I only want the purport, the sub-
stance, the intent of it.
Mr. ADAMS, of Massachusetts. I know per-
fectly well what the resolution is, and am ready
here, at the proper time, to repeat the resolution
for the benefit of the country. At this time I have
it not within my control.
Mr. RUST. 1 ask the gentleman if lie cannot
recollect the purport of the resolution, of which
he was himself the author. I do not want the
precise language, I only want the purport of it, as
J desire to make it a part of my speech. I do not
want it to go forth to the country, that 1 have
spoken on a subject of which " 1 was perfectly
ignorant."
Mr. ADAMS,of Massachusetts. Mr. Speaker,
I am a pretty precise man in regard to the lan-
guage I use, both m resolutions and here; and I
am notgomg, from mere recollection, to say what
the words of that icsolution cue. If the gentle-
man desnes them, [ will furnish a copy before he
piints his speech.
Mr. RUST. I am obliged to the gentleman for
that courtesy. I will say now what my recollec-
tion is of the remarks the gentleman made to the
committee on the occasion to which I have re-
ferred. He said the resolution asserted that the
annexation of Texas furnished a sufficient cause
to Massachusetts for seceding from the Union.
Mr. COX. If the gentleman from Arkansas
will yield for a moment, t desire to say that I was
very unwillingly the cause of bringing the matter
of these Massachusetts resolutions into this de-
bate. I think I predicated my remarks upon two
resolutions which I saw in a newspaper, the pur-
port of one of which was that the annexation of
Texas would be a sufficient cause for dissolving
the Union; and the other, that if Texas is an-
nexed, Massachusetts is out of the Union. On
investigation, I find that those resolutions, as I
read them, never did pass the Massachusetts Legis-
lature; but that resolutions having the same spirit
and effect, as I believe, did pass the Legislature
of that State. I saw, the other day, a copy of
them in the journals of the Massachusetts Legis-
lature, which I am sorry I have not here. The
effect of these resolutions, as I remember, is this:
that in consequence of the annexation of Texas
to this country, Massachusetts should have no
fellowship whatever with membeis from that por-
tion of the Confederacy; and in the next place,
that, as the members of Confess elected to the
United States Congress from Texas were electcd
from slave representation, they had no right to bo
received as such, and Massachusetts would not
recognize them.
Mr. GOOCH. Will the gentleman permit me
to say a word ?
Mr. RUST. I cannot yield any more of my
time. I did not intend, when I set out, to occupy
the floor more than twenty minutes, but in con-
sequence of these interruptions the greater portion
of the hour to which I am entitled is already gone,
and I have not reached the topics which 1 desired
particularly to discuss. How much more tune
have I ?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has six or
seven minutes yet remaining.
Mr. RUST. I was proceeding to remark that
in what the State of South Carolina has recently
done, for which she has received such severe con-
demnation on this floor, she had the example of
the State of Massachusetts and her New England
sisters. Yet from the time that committee organ-
ized, neither the honorable chairman, nor any
member from his side of the committee, talked of
anything but the enforcement of the laws of the
United States in the States which have seeded.
That I understand to be the programme of gen-
tlemen on the other side of the House, and of the
Republican party. What, Mr. Speaker, are the
laws that gentlemen propose to enforce m South
Carolina? What laws are there upon your stat-
ute-books which can he enforced upon these peo-
ple, unless it bo the laws of taxation, the right of
plunder, of robbery and spoliation, which you
have been exercising for many years? Are these
the laws which you consider vital to the Union,
and winch the chairman of the committee [Mr,
Corwjn] proposes to enforce, without disturbing
the peace of the country? Are there any other
laws which can be enforced there except the laws
of taxation ? Reference has been made to no other
laws; and I suppose gentlemen expect that the
amiable, peaceable people of the southern States
will submit to taxation by a Government in which
they have no representation.
The chairman of the committee has asserted in
his remarks a proposition to which, I presume,
there will be no dissent; that no sane man would
go into a Territory belonging to the United States
north of 36° 30' with his slaves. 1 fully assent
to the proposition. I have ever been in fa\or of
carrying the doctrine of popular sovereignty into
all the. Territories of the United States; but that
has been opposed and denounced with unmeas-
ured bitterness by the Republican party; it has
not prevailed in the southern States; its advocates
were overwhelmed in tiie recent canvass; and as
one of the minonty, I yielded to the majority. 1
believe that the doctiine of popular sovereignty
was the doctrine upon which this Government
was formed. It is a doctrine which I e^deavoied
to advocate with all my ability; but which, as 1
said, has been repudiated by an overwhelming
majoiity of the southern people. I not only assent
to the statement of the gentleman from Ohio, but
