1861.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
101
36th Cong....2d Sess.
State of the Union—Mr. Rust.
Ho. of Reps.
I told him that I had submitted to my constituents
in the recent canvass, whether, for a bonus of
$500per capita, they would go into any of the Ter-
ritoiies of the United States, north of that line,
carrying their slaves with them, and there was not
an affirmative response. I then put this question
to the honorable gentleman—which lie did not
answer, bat which I hope will be answered: why,
if Providence has so effectually guarded the Terri-
tories of the United States against the invasion of
slave labor, will they insist upon an insulting and
unconstitutional interdict, to the extremity of de-
stroying the peace and prosperity of the people,
and precipitating the country into a civil war?
The gentleman further said, they had the Al-
mighty on their side. Then I ask, that if, in
addition to all the other advantages winch wo ac-
knowledge you possess, you claim this, why will
you insist on breaking down the barriers which
the Constitution has erected, giving protection, at
least in name and theory, to the southern peo-
ple ? What justification have you, or can the Re-
publican party plead, for its aggressive policy? If
you have nature, population, numerical strength,
capacity for colonization, political power, and God
Almighty with you, why do you find it neces-
sary still to insist upon taking from the southern
people that shield which the Constitution has
Greeted as a barrier against your aggressions ?
But in regard to the territory south of 36^ 30',
a territory composed of Arizona and New Mex-
ico, the honorable chairman of the committee says
"take it! takeit! take it! " Sir,thegen(ieman did
not mean " take it! take it! take it!" Iiis action
proves the contrary. "We ask him to let us take
it; but he proposes terms which are not accept-
able cither to his paity or to the South. We. ask
him, if he is willing to give it to us, to allow us
to prescribe the terms; allow us to draw up the
articles ofconvcyance. No, sir; he and his party
(and that is by no means unanimous) will not
give us New Mexico, except on condition that it
shall be admitted into the Union as a State. It
would not be a slave State. The gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Sherman] would vote for this prop-
osition, though theTurritory, with over two hun-
dred thousand square miles—to quote his own
elegant language—is not " able to support a turkey
buzzard." JMr. Sherman will vote for this prop-
ositi on, because there are only eleven slave women
and one slave.man within the limits of this vast
Territory. " She can change or modify her con-
stitution at any time." This is a pregnant sugges-
tion. New Mexico is in no condition to assume
the responsibilities of a sovereign State. She does
not desire or seek admission into the Union; and
if she were to apply for it to-day, with a pro-sla-
very constitution, I would vote against it. All
the principles that arc deserving of respect and
consideration are not, I take it, embraced in the
"Chicago platform." The gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Sherman,] while he disparages, and, as the
honorable Delegate from that Territory says,
tiaduces and libels the Territory and her people,
is willing to vote for her admission into theTJmon,
upon an equal footing with his State and mine,
and all the other States of the Union, because, 1
suppose, sir, " thereareonly twelveslaves within
her limits, and she could at any time alter or mod-
ify her constitution."
Sir, there has been no intention, on the part of
the gentlemen from the North, to relinquish, in
good faith, that Teiritory to the South. The north-
ern press has denounced the proposition as an
attempted fraud upon the South or upon the Re-
publican party. I do not choose to be a party
to a fraud upon either. If the majority of the
committee, or the Republican party in this House,
are willing to adjust the territorial question upon
the basis which the chairman pretends to offei, it
will be promptly accepted by the southern Repre-
sentatives. The gentleman from Michigan, [Mr.
Howard,] whom I regard as one of the most
conservative of his party, declared that in voting
for this proposition, he did not understand him-
self to have voted in opposition to the principles
and policy of the Republican party. I am in-
formed that Mr. Adams, of Massachusetts, made
the same declaration. But what a commentary
it is upon the wisdom of this Congress, and our
capacity for self-government as a people, when
we think of the object of the controversy which
is about to result in the disruption of this Gov-
ernment ! The acquisition of this Territory cost
the Government at furthest a few million dollars
—perhaps less than one.
[Here the hammer foil.]
Mr. RUST. As I have submitted to a good
many interruptions, I hope my time will be ex-
tended to enable me to conclude some of the re-
marks which I still desire to make. I want to
reply to some of the points made by the gentle-
man from Ohio, [Mr. Sherman,] in his speech
delivered a few days ago, and to fasten a large
share of the responsibility for the difficulties and
dangers which now beset the country upon the
present Chief Magistrate of the nation. This I
will not have time to do.
Mr. McCLERNAND. It will be doing great
injustice to the gentleman from Arkansas not to
allow him that privilege.
A Member. How long do you want?
Mr. RUST. A few minutes.
There being no objection, the time was accord-
ingly extended.
Mr. RUST. When my time expired, I was
commenting upon the paltry cause (if the Repub-
lican party seek only to exclude slavery from the
Territories, as they pretend) of this angry quar-
rel between the two sections. The single city of
New York has sustained losses already in conse-
quence of it, greater by far than the cost of all
the territories which have been purchased by the
United States since the formation of the Govern-
ment. I fthe disasters and losses which have grown
out of it could be arrested now, it would have been
a saving to any one of a dozen cities in the Union
to have levied a tax upon its people, necessary to
buy the whole of the territory in controversy,
(that south of 36° 30',) and have given it to either
one section or the other, as a means of averting
them. When we come to aggregate the losses of
every kind to the people of the whole Union, which
have resulted from the quarrel over this misera-
ble Territory, incapable, as Mr. Sherman says,
"of supporting a turkey buzzard," language is
incompetent to the task of describing its folly and
wickedness. ♦
The gentleman from Ohio asserted that the
South had ruled this Government for the last sev-
enty years. If that be tiue, arc you not satisfied
with the lesults of southern rule? If that be true,
is it not also true that during that time the coun-
try has advanced more rapidly to greatness and
power and influence among the nations, and the
people have enjoyed a prosperity uncqualed in
the history of the world—a prosperity which,
on the day when your President was elected, was
as universal as it was unparalleled? We have
made more progress, in all that constitutes the
greatness and gloiy of a nation, during these sev-
enty yeais, than any other people in the history
of the world. We enjoy more material, social,
religious, and political blessings, than any people
on the face of the earth. Under southern rule, if
your charge be true, we have enjoyed seventy
years of happiness, of contentment, of domestic
peace, and unexampled prosperity and progress;
it has all vanished and disappeared before the ap-
proach of your party to power. All has been
blighted and withered by the baleful influence of
Black Republican rule, even before you have taken
the reins of Government into your hands. The
South, though, has not ruled the country for sev-
enty years. During those seventy years, the
North has furnished seven of the Presidents of
the United States, elected in every instance by
southern votes. And to-day there is hardly a
northern State that could not supply a man ac-
ceptable to the South for the first office in the gift
of the people. It is not against the northern peo-
ple that the South rebels; but against a party
which has gotten in to power upon principles which
threaten not only her safety and equality, but her
very existence as a free and self-governing people.
A Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Wade,] in discuss-
ing the question of secession and disunion, said:
Let the South go. Wo will then get Mexico, irrecon-
cilably hostile to the South—and with which she will enter
into no friendly relations—wouh sevenfold more to the
coinmeice of the North than a!! tluu shy would lose by the
secession of the southern State*?.'''
If itisyour interest that a separation should take
place, why threaten to maintain the Union by
force, by employing the Army, as we were noti-
fied by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Sherman,]
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means,
would be done? If, as the Senator from Ohio
[Mr. Wade] professes to believe, you gain seven-
fold more than you lose by secession, why throw
any impediments in the way of its consummation?
W by threaten to punish secession by subjugation ?
Is it in the mere wantonness of your vindictive
hatred of the South that you declare you will
"coerce "the southern States into the Union, when
your interests, by your own admission, command
you to encourage and favor the separation which
those States are determined upon ?
Much has been said about the free navigation
of the Mississippi river, by gentlemen from the
Northwest, of both political parties. They have
claimed, with much emphasis, the right of transit
for their commerce through the Mississippi to the
Gulf of Mexico—a right which no one has denied,
or would deny them; the free exercise of which is
just as essential to the interests of people upon
the lower as upon the upper Mississippi, and its
tributaries. ^There is no antagonism of interests
between the people inhabiting different poi'tions
of the great Mississippi valley. The prosperity
and success of one section are essential to and de-
pendent, in a great degree, upon those of the other.
The failure of a cotton crop, a destructive over-
flow, or any great disaster to the southern States
in this region, would be felt almost as sensibly
in Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, and the other north-
western States, as among the people who were
the immediate sufferers. T here aie so many causes
for friendly and intimate relations and intercourse
among these people; they possess such capabili-
ties for conferring mutual and reciprocal benefits
upon one another, that I cannot believe that there
is to be even a suspension of their social and com-
mercial intercourse, if, unfortunately, there should
be of their political-relations. But while their
facilities for reciprocating benefits are so great,
their capacities for inflicting injuries, should they
be infatuated enough to allow political dema-
gogues, who may be willing to sacrifice every-
thing to their passions, interests, or ambition, to
involve them in a bloody strife, will be quite equal
to them. The world has never witnessed a strug-
gle between two such peoples. It would possess
this remarkable feature: a triumph achieved up6n
either side would be as disastrous to the victors
as to the vanquished. Injuries inflicted by either
side would be shared by both. If the people of
the Northwest could, in a spirit of vandalism,
overrun and lay waste and desolate the South, they
would return to their homes a ruined people.
They would then have little occasion for that free
navigation of the Mississippi, about winch they
are wilhngnow to go to war. Southern consump-
tion of northern products would cease, and the vast
products of the fruitful soil of the great Northwest,
for which we are now paying so liberally, would
molder and rot in their granaries and warehouses.
Much has been said about the Union of our
fathers and the Constitution of our fatheis. Ay,
sir, give us the Union of our fathers. Whence
did it originate? In mutual interests and kindly
and fraternal sentiments among all the people who
formed it. These were the bonds which united
us together asone people. When the Declaration
of Independence was made, slavery existed in
every one of the thirteen colonies. When the
present Constitution was adopted, it existed m
every one of the old thirteen States but Massa-
chusetts. Now it is local. Now every State and
citizen who maintains it is under the ban of the
party which has possession of all the powers of
this Government. And yet that party prates of
the " Union of the fathers." A Union of jarring
interests and mutual distrust, jealousy, and hatred,
can never be maintained. These you have sub-
stituted for the feelings of mutual respect and good
will in which the Union originated, and you have
dissolved it We want no change of the Consti-
tution if you will place us amid the same circum-
stances which attended its adoption. Force us
not to remain in a political family perpetually dis-
cordant. The Union of our fathers was a volun-
tary association of friendly people and States
Restore the influences that attracted them to each
other, and we desire no amendments to the Con-
stitution. Do you suppose, sir, if the southern
