686
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 1,
on with the bill if it can be done; but I would
allow the Senator to make his speech now, rather
than be interrupted to-morrow in the considera-
tion of the hill by his speaking at one o'clock. I
am satisfied the bill cannot be got through with
to-day.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. Then I will
make a motion, if the bill cannot be gotten through
with, to postpone the subject until Monday, at
one o'clock. The Senator from North Carolina
[Mr. Clingman] has the floor at that hour; and
if he does not occupy too much time, I shall ad-
dress the Senate after he shall have concluded his
speech.
Mr. CUNGM AN. I do not think I shall need
as much as an hourof theSenate's time, certainly
not more than that, on Monday; and whatever
arrangement the honorable Senator from Ten-
nessee prefers, I will agree to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot in
the chair.) The Chair desires the Senator from
Tennessee to repeat his motion. The Chair did
not appiehend it.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I move that
the further consideration of the subject now be-
fore the Senate be postponed to, and made the
special order for, Monday, at one o'clock.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I was merely about to
suggest that that would meet the views of the
Committee on Finance a great deal better, because
if we should get through with this bill to-day,
there are other appropriation bills that have been
upon the table for some days that we might pass
to-morrow, and it is very important to have them
brought forward as early as possible.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is moved
that the further consideration of the motion to
print the President's message, and the accompa-
nying resolutions of the Legislature of Virginia,
be postponed until Monday next, at one o'clock,
and made the special aider for that hour.
The motion was agreed to.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (H. R. No. HG.">)
making appropriations for the current and con-
tingentexpenses of the Indian department,and for
fulfilling treaty stipulations with various Indian
tribes, for the year ending June 30, 1862.
The Secretary proceeded to read the bill.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I do not think it is neces-
sary, by the rules of the body, that those bills
should be read through.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The reading
can be dispensed with only by unanimous consent;
but if the reading in full be not called for by any
member, the Chair will consider that the unan-
imous consent of the Senate is given that the read-
ing be dispensed with. The amendments leported
by the Committee on Finance will be read.
Mr. PEARCE. Before the reading of the
amendments the clerk has on the table, I beg
leave to state that there were three binall verbal
amendments which were reported by the com-
mittee that did not find their way into the printed
bill. 1 will ask the attention of the Senate to
those amendments now. In line one hundred
and ninety-six, on page 9, the word ''seven''
should be "seventh." I therefore move to amend
the bill by changing the word " seven" to " sev-
enth."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That modifi-
cation will be made.
Mr. PEARCE. I move in line five hundred
and forty-eight, on page &3, to strike out the
words " the same," and inseit " shop." It is a
misprint.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It being a
mere cleucal error, that modification will also be
made.
Mr. PEARCE. In line one thousand and sev-
en ty^-four, on page 43,1 move to strike out" five,"
and insert ** fifteen." It is a provision for certain
payments to the head chiefs of certain tribes. The
sum of $1,500 is necessary for the payment of
them; but, by mistake, k< five" was inserted.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That modifi-
cation will also he made.
Mr. PEARCE. Now the clerk can proceed
with the amendments reported by the commit-
tee.
The first amendment reported by the Commit-
tee on Finance was. on page IS, line four hundred
and fourteen, to strike out the words'* investment
of," after the words "for interest on;" so that
the clause will read:
Miamies of Indiana.—For interest on $2*21,057 86, at five
per cenlunf, for Miami Indians of Indiana, per Senate's
amendment to fourth at ticlc treaty 5th J une,1854, $11,062 89.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was to
add at the end of the bill the following:
For payment to the Sisseeton and Wali-pa-ton bands of
the Dacota.il or Sioux Indians, for their reservation on the
Minnesota nvei, in the State of Minnesota,containing five
hundred and sixty-nine thousand six hundred acres; at
thirty cents per acre, $170,880.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was to
insert at the end of the bill the following:
For payment to the Med-a-wa-kan-ton and Wa-pa-koo-'ta
bands of the Dacotah or Sioux Indians, for their reserva-
tion on the Minnesota liver, 111 the State of Minnesota,
containing three hundred and twcniy thousand acres, at
thirty cents per acre, §96,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was to
insert at the end of the bill the following:
For the expenses of concentrating the Indians in the
Territory of Utah, on ic&ei vations therein remote from
emunant routes, pmchase of agucultural implements and
stock cattle, and lor the erection ot'houses, &c., including
the necessary traveling expenses of the .superintendent of
Indian affairs, agents, clerk lure, &c., $45,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PEARCE. I now send to the Chair sev-
eral amendments from the Committee on Finance,
the estimates for which were not sent in when the
bill was reported.
The Secretary read the amendments. The first
was to insert at the end of the bill the following:
Foi the salai y of one superintending agent for the northern
di-ituc? of the Indian service m California, tiom the 28th
of June, I860, when he entered on his duties, to the 30th
of June, 1K61, per act of June J 9,I860, at $3,600 pei annum,
$3,629 67.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert at the end
of the bill:
Foi sahuyof one superintending agent for the southern
distnet of the Indian service in California, ftom the 19th
of September. IPfiO, when he entered on ins. duties, io the
30th ol June, 1^)1, at $3,600, pei annum, pi-i act of the 19th
of June, 1860, $2,512 08.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to add:
For salaries of five supervisor1? to the Indian service in
California, to insttuct the Indians in husbandry, at $1,800
pnr annum each, tor the half year ending the 30th oi June,
1861, per net oi 19th Juno, 1860, $4,500.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert:
For compensation to twenty laboieis for the five reserva-
tions in California, at fifty dollars per month, foi the half
\ear ending 30th June, 186 1, per act of 19th June, 1860,
#6,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert:
For saUuy for an additional agent for the Indian service
in New Mexico, fiom the 2 2d of August, 1860, when he
executed his official bond, to ihc 30th of June, 1861, per
act of 2.5th June, USiO, at $1,500 pui annum, $1,289 90.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was:
For salarv for an agent to the Ponea Indians, from the
21st of August, i860, when he executed his official bond, to
tiie 30th oY June, 1861, at $1,500 per annum, per act of
20th June, I860, §1,296 17.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to add, at the end of
the bill:
For salary for an agent to the Pawnees, from the 18th of
October, i860, when he executed his official bond, to 30th
June, 1861, at $1,500 pei annum, per act of 25th June, I860,
*.1,055 70.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next was to add to the bill:
For salaty for an agent to the Yaneton Pionx for the fis-
cal vCai ending 30th of June, 1861, per fifteenth article of
the treaty of 19th ot April, 185S, $1,500.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next was:
For payment for such permanent improvement? as may
have been made, by claimants to laud on the icserve named
in the second article of the treaty of 10th September, 1853,
with the Rogue River Indians, pei second and tb.rd articles
of said treaty, $2,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next was:
For arrears of interest due the 1st of Januarv, 1861,
on $70,000 five per cent, bonds of the State of Indiana,
$7,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next was:
For expenses attending the negotiation of the treaties of
the 19th June, 1858, with the Lower and Upper Sioux In-
dians, per tenth article of said treaties, $15,865 76.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. The Committee on Fi-
nance having now concluded their amendments,
I move to postpone the further consideration of
the bill till to-morrow at one o'clock, in order to
enable the Committee on Indian Affairs to offer
the other amendments appropriate to this bill.
The motion was agreed to.
TAKIFF BILL.
Mr. SIMMONS. I am instructed by the select
committee of the Senate, to whom was referred
the bill (H. R. No. 338) to provide for the pay-
ment of outstanding Treasury notes; to authonze
a loan; to regulate and fix the duties on imports,
and for other purposes, to report the bill back to
the Senate with sundry amendments; and I ask
that the bill and amendments be printed in the
ordinary way; and it would be desirable if the
Senate would order some five hundred extra copies
to be printed to be sent to different portion's of the
country.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot.)
If there be no objection, that order will be made.
Mr. SUMNER. I would suggest to the Sen-
ator that lie make the number one thousand.
Mr. SIMMONS. I think that is more than we
can send around. I would also propose that the
bill be made the special order for Tuesday next,
at one o'clock.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion to
print must first be disposed of. If there be no objec-
tion, the order will be made to print five hundred
extra copies of the bill and amendments. The
Chair heais no objection; and that order is made
Mr. SIMMONS. There may perhaps be some
little alterations yet needed in this bill; but I have
thought it better to hare it printed, and let our
constituents understand the alterations now pro-
posed. I move that the consideration of the bill
be postponed until Tuesday next, at one o'clocks
and made the special order.
Mr. GWIN. I was a member of the select
committee to whom this bill was referred; and I
consider it due to myself, as well as to the Senate,
to say that I am entirely opposed to the principle
of the bill. The majority of the committee have
reported it with amendments, and in some re-
spects, I think, they have improved the House
bill, by making it more a revenue bill than it was
originally; but I give notice that when it comes
up for consideration, I shall endeavor to show
that the present revenue system is better than that
proposed in this bill. I only wish to say now,
that 1 do not agree with the majority in the prin-
ciple that is contained in this bill. I believe it
has been greatly improved by the action of the
majority of the select committee, in its revenue
features, and to that extent I cordially unite with
their action; but as to the general principle of the
bill, I am opposed to it, as I shall state more at
large when it comes up for consideration.
Mr. PEARCE. I think the day which the
Senator from Rhode Island proposes for the dis-
cussion of this bill is entirely too early. The bill
will not be printed and laid upon our tables, I
take it, until Monday.
Mr. BIGLER. To-morrow.
Mr. PEARCE. Suppose it were laid on our
tables to-morrow. Every member of the Senate
ought to have at least a few days to consider the
multifarious subject-matters contained in such a
bill as this, which, I understand, proposes a thor-
ough and radical change in our system of duties
on imports; and besides, it must be recollected
that we are now in the month of February, and
that it is very important to the business of the
Senate that some time should be given to the con-
sideration of bills for the support of the Govern-
ment. I believe^ but two of the general appro-
priation bills have yet passed—the pension bill,
and the West Point Academy bill—and there
remain all the bills which make heavy appropria-
tions for the great disbursements of the Govern-
ment to be considered. The Indian appropriation
