1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
687
bill is not yet through, and will occupy, I sup-
pose, to-morrow, if we sit to-morrow; the Navy
bill, the Army bill, the legislative and executive
bill, the miscellaneous bill—all heavy bills, con- i
taming the great appropriations of the year—are
yet to be considered; and if the Committee oil
Fmanco are not allowed to have some of their
bills, which they have reported, and which are
now lying on your table, taken up in the early
part of the next week, I think it likely that you
will not get through with them at all, or at least
not creditably, by the end of the session. I hope,
therefore, the gentleman will postpone his motion,
and give us at least a week's time. Let him name
next Friday, or Saturday week, and then 1 shall
have no objection to taking up the bill and dis-
cussing it to the end.
Mr. SIMMONS. I have no purpose to em-
barrass the Committee on Finance; and I do not
know which wo ought to do, first provide the
moans to pay tho appropriations, and then make
them; or first make the appropriations, and then
provide the means to pay them. 1 will agree to
postpone the bill until Wcdnesday;and that will
leave us three days for the appropriation hills.
Mr. PEARCE. That is better; but 1 think
you ousrht t© say Thursday.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Rhode Island;
that this bill be postponed until Wednesday next,
and made the special order for that day at one
o'ciock.
The motion was agreed to.
FKANCIS M. HUNKS.
Mr. LANE. I desire to make a report. The
Committee on Military Affairs and Militia, to
whom was referred the petition of Francis M.
Munks, a white man, and Susan, his wife, a Choc-
taw Indian, praying damages for being deprived
of the ad vantages of keepinga ferry, undera grant
from the Choctaw Council, by the erection of a free
bridge by the United States, ask to be discharged
from its further consideration, and that it be re-
ferred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I beg to suggest to the
Senator from Oregon that the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, according to my recollection, have
had that case before them for consideration here-
tofore; and reported it back, and asked to be dis-
charged from its consideration; and that it be
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs, be-
cause the subject was deemed by the Indian Com-
mittee appropriate for their consideration. If that
is so, it is hardly neccssary to act on the motion
the Senator has made. If I am not mistaken, the
case was once before the Indian Committee, and
at their instance referred to the committee of winch
the honorable Senator from Oregon is a member,
because of the eminent propriety there was in
having the question determined by that commit-
tee, rather than by the committee of which I am
chairman. I hope the Senator will reflect on that
fact before he presses his motion. If the fact be
as i have stated, I presume he will withdraw his
motion, and undertake the small labor of love
which this case will impose upon him.
Mr. RICE. As I have had the honorof being
upon both of those committees, I have examined
the claim twice; and 1 move to lay it on the table.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is not yet disposed of upon the motion of the
Senator from Oregon, that the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs be discharged from the further con-
sideration of the petition.
Mr. LANE. Lot the sense of the Senate be
taken upon that proposition, and I have no objec-
tion to the petition lying on the table.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The first ques-
tion is on the motion to discharge the Committee
on Military Aifairs from its consideration.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now is on the motion of the Senator from Minne-
sota, that the petition he on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
MRS. E. A LINN.
Mr. ERAGG. I move now that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of the Private Calen-
dar.
Mr. BIGLER. I hope the Senator from North
Carolina will allow me to present some memo-
rials.
Mr. BRAGG. That can be done at any other
time.
Mr. HALE. I have a resolution on what I
understand to be a question of privilege, relating
to the proceedings of the body. I beg leave to
offer it. If there be objection to its consideration,
of course it will lie ovei.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The resolu-
tion will be received, and read for information.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Resolved} That the rpneons assigned by the Secretary of
the Senate for his neglect to obev the order of the Senate,
made on the 20th ofMareh la^t, in favor of Mrs. E. A. Linn,
are insufficient and unsatisfactory, and that he be in-
structed forthwith to execute the <amc.
Mr. BRAGG. Let it lie over.
ORDER OF BUSINESS. ►
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from North Caro-
lina, that the Senate proceed to the consideration
of the Private Calendar.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr. President 
Mr. BIGLER. I ask common consent to pre-
sent petitions which I have on my table. I sup-
pose there will be no objection.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If no objection
be interposed, the Chair will receive the memo-
rials from the Senator from Pennsylvania.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I was recognized by the
Chair; but the Senator from Pennsylvania took :
from me the possession of the floor, and when
he has got through, I will thank him to let me
have an opportunity of saying what I have to say
before proceeding with the other business.
Mr. BIGLER. 1 thought I was entitled to the
floor.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hope the motion made
by the Senator from North Carolina will not pre-
vail, because it is the intention of the chairman
of the Committee on Finance to ask the Senate to
take up another appropriation bill in a moment.
He has just stepped to the committee-room to get
an amendment. We want to get through with it,
if possible; and I think we can get through with
one of the bills to-day, as well as not. It is very
important to dispose of them.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I objcct to the
reception of any petitions at this time of the day.
The Senator from Pennsylvania will receive a
great many more by the next day we meet, and
they can ail come in together.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The pending
motion is that of the Senator fiom Notth Caro-
lina, that the Senate proceed to the considc ration
of the Private Calendar. It can only be by unan-
imous consent that other motions, or the present-
ation of petitions, can be entertained while the
motion is pending.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I must object.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from North Car-
olina.
Mr. FESSENDEN. _ If that motion shall not
succeed, it is the intention of the chairman of the
Finance Committee to call up the consular and
diplomatic appropriation bill.
Mr. BRAGG. The Senate can determine that
matter when the chairman comes in. We can
go on with the Private Calendar until then.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I shall move to take it
up immediately, if this motion does not prevail.
Mr. BRAGG. Nearly all this day has been
taken from the Private Calendar. All Fridays
are usually devoted to that Calendar as late m
the session as this; and I think we ought to have
part of the day at least for the Calendar.
CREDENTIALS.
Mr. CAMERON. I am sure the Senator from ;
North Carolina will allow me to present a paper !
I have m my hand, and have had for several days. 1
I have pleasure in presenting the certificate of the {
election of Hon. Edgar Cowan, as United States i
Senator from Pennsylvania for six years from j
the 4th of March next; and I move that the or- j
dinary course be taken, which, I believe, is to j
read and file them. j
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will i
receive the credentials as a pnvileged matter, and
they will be read.
The credentials were read, and ordered to be
filed.
PRIVATE CALENDAR.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
recurs on the motion of the Senator from North
Carolina, that the Senate proceed to the consid-
eration of the Private Calendar.
The question being put, there were, on a divis-
ion—ayes seven.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ate insist on a further division?
Mr. BRAGG. Yes, sir; I do not believe there
is a quorum present.
The question being put, there were nine in the
negative; no quorum voting.
Mr. BRAGG. I call for the yeas and nays on
the motion, in order to get a quorum here.
The yeas and nays were oidered.
Mr. SIMMONS. I would like to know if the
Senator from Maine has withdrawn his proposi-
tion to take up the appropriation bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have not; and if this
motion does not succeed, I shall move to take up
the consular and diplomatic appropriation bill.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 14, nays 27, as follows:
YEAS—Mess-is. Brags, Crittenden, Durkce, Fitch, Foot,
Green, Hemphill, Jonuson of Atkansas, Lane, Latham,
Ntehoij-on. Polk, Powell, and Sebastian—14.
NAYS—Anthony, Bigler, Bingham, Cameron,
Chandler, Claik, Duon, Doohttle, Fcssenden, Foster,
Grimes, Gwiit, Ifalu, Harlan, Johnson of Tennessee, Kei>-
nedy, Kms? Morull, Pearce, Saulsbuiy, Seward, Simmons,
Sumner, Ten Eyck, Tiumbull, Wade, and Wilson—27.
So the motion was not agreed to.
CONSULAR AN3> DIPLOMATIC BILL.
Mr. PEARCE. I now move to take up the
consular and diplomatic appropriation bill.
The motion was agieed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (H. R. No. 864) making appropri-
ations for the consular and diplomatic expenses of
: the Government for the year ending the 30th of
June, 1862, which had been reported from the
Committee on Finance with various amendments.
The first amendment of the Committee on Fi-
nance was, in line twenty-eight, to strike out
" twenty,'5 and insert " forty;" so that the clause
will read:
Foi contingent expenses of all the missions abroad,
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The next
amendment of the Committee on Finance will be
read.
Mr. PEARCE. I am authorized by the com-
mittee to withdiaw the second amendment. They
reported in favor of increasing the appropriation
for the contingent expenses of foreign intercourse
from $40,000, in which form it passed the House,
to $50,000, which is the usual appropriation; but
there is a fund which will remain unexpended on
the 30th of June next, to the credit of that appro-
priation, which makes it unnecessary to appro-
priate more than $40,000.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. By general
consent, the amendment is withdrawn.
The next amendment of the committee was, in
linns eighty-four and eighty-five, on page 4, to
strike out 6ithree thousand," and insert "four
thousand five hundred;" so that the clause will
read:
For interpreters to the consulates in China, §4,500.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was to
insert, at the end of the bill, the following:
To meet an extraordinary emergency winch has arisen in
bringing from Batavia iweiiiy-four seamen of the hbip Stac;
Hound, charged with mutiny, $'9,792, or *o much thereot
as may be deemed just and fair, said sum to be expended
under the direction of the Secretary of State.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PEAR.CE. I am directed by the Commit-
tee on Finance to offer the following amendment^
to insert at the end of the bill:
To pay the Hilary of the consul general at Simoda, Japan,
Aom the time of hw appointment to the 30th of June, 1861,
inclusive, $3,180 55.
That amendment is introduced in consequence
of the Senate having recently confirmed the ap-
pointment of the gentleman as consul genera! at
Simoda. This oifice was held by Mr. Harris,
our present minister to Japan. When his suc-
cessful diplomacy had entitled him, in the opin-
ion of the President and the Senate, to a mission,
he was made minister to Japan, and the place of
consul general was left vacant. No provision
was raaHe for it at the last session of CoHgresg.
