104
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 'A'2,
36th Cong. ... 2d Sess.
State of the Union—Mr. Clemens.
Ho. of Reps.
a solemn league of kindred designs, and with
exultant tramp, stolidly march, adorned like a
Roman ox, with the garlands of sacrifice, to their
eternal doom.
Sir, is it neeessary to proclaim what that is}
At this moment, when a sudden frenzy has struck
blind the southern people, it cannot even be real-
ized; and I may be scoffed and hooted at with
that perversity in ill which masses of men some-
4 times display who are intent on their own inev-
itable destruction. Sir, when 1 look at my coun-
try, its-present desolate condition, and its possible
fate, 1 am almost ready to close the quick accents
of speech, and allow the heart to sink down voice-
less in its despair! Listen to the words of Wil-
liam Lloyd Garrison, and tell me what answer
you will give to them:
* "At last the covenant with death is annulled and the
agreement with hell broken, by the action of South Carolina
herself,and erelong by all theslaveholdmgStates,lor their
doom is one. Hail the approaching jubilee, ye millions who
are wearing the galling chains of slavery, for as&uiedly the
day of your redumption draws nigh, bringing liberty to you
and salvation to the whole land."
Hear him again;
"Justice and libeity, God and man, dematid the disso-
lution of this slaveholding Union, and tiie formation of a
northern confederacy, in which slaveholders will stand be-
fore the law asfelons, and be treated as pirates.'*
Hear him again, in a voice so familiar that it
sounds like one which erc-while rung out fiom
the portico of the Mills House, in Charleston:
" In all this, what State so prepared to lead as the old
Bay State? She has ahendy made it a penal olfense to
help to execute a law of the Union. I want to see the of-
ficers of the State brought in collision with those of the
"Union. Up, then 1 up with the flag of disunion ! that we
may have a free and glorious Union of our own ! How
stands Massachusetts at this hour m reference to the Union ?
Just where she ought to be, in an attitude of open hostil-
ity."
Sir, there is an old maxim that it is lawful and
wise to learn from our enemies. There is an-
other man in the North—Wendell Phillips—of
treat pertinacity of purpose, of a heart like a vase
lied with fire, of vast powers of illustration and
declamation; and to whom the passions of the
multitude are as clay is in the hands of a cunning
molder. The senior Senator from New York
[Mr. Seward] has an intellect of high culture,
and his speeches are philosophical essays, mod-
eled after the idealism and style of Burke; but his
voice is harsh and guttural, and his spirit cold and
impassive. Phillips is the man for the multitude.
Seward for the closet. Since this session com-
menced he has had an opportunity to make him-
self immortal. Intrepidity of soul in a statesman
carries with it the victories of peace, which the
military chieftain gains in war. The panoply of
political martyrdom, in this age, might have been
a specics of deification in the next. The accepted
moment has passed; and I am fearful it will come
to him never, never more. The dissolution of the
Union dethrones the Republican party, disrobes
it of power, and makes Garrison and Phillips,
and tneir confederates, the absolute dictators of
the North.
And what says Phillips:
" We are disuniontets, not from any love of separate con-
federacies, or as ignorant of the thousand evils that spring
from neighboring and quarrelsome States; but we would get
rid of this Union, to get rid of slavery,"
Hear him again. He used the following lan-
guage:
"All bail, disunion ! Sacrifice everything for the Union?
God foibid! Sacrifice everything to ke^p South Carolina
in it ? Rather build a bridge of gold, and pay her toll over
it. Let her march oil'with banners and ulimpets, and we
will speed the parting guest. Let Inr not stand upon the
order of her going, but go at once. Give her the torts and
arsenals and sub-treasuries, and loud her jewels of silver
and gold, and Egypt will rejoice that she has departed."
We have, then, before us, these knights of a
new crusade. The Constitution of the United
States is the sanctified Jerusalem, against which
their deluded cohorts arc arrayed. They contend
the only mode to overthrow slavery is to overthrow
the Constitution. They refuse to take office un-
der it, because it recognizes slavery. They will
not take an oath to support it, because it protects
slavery. They claim their allegiance is due to
the State, and to the State alone. They arc State-
rights men of the straightest sect; and they wield
the legislative power of the State for the extinc-
tion of slavery, as South Carolina professes to
wield her's for the perpetuation of slavery.
Sir, is there not left among us statesmanship
sufficient to control these issues, and apply the
corrective in time, and save this great country,
now convulsed from its center to its circumfer-
ence? Standing in the midst of these troubles,
and looking into the future with the most inex-
pressible apprehensions, I acknowledge, with
pleasure, one patriotic move in the right direction.
It is one of the cheering signs of this most disas-
trous time, when " an airy devil's in the sky, and
rains down mischiefs," that the descendant of
two former Presidents, who bears an ancestral
fame now greater than any man in America, should
step forward with an offering of peace to an af-
flicted people. Sir, grant it was nothing more
than a covenant declaratory of the spirit of the
Constitution. It was meet that Massachusetts,
so largely partaking of our common glory in the
past; Massachusetts, where the first blood for
American liberty was shed—should rise superior
to the convulsions of the hour, and give an ear-
nest, at least, that the spirit of conciliation, of
inter-Statu comity, of fraternal affection, was not
yet wholly lost. As the worn traveler in the
midst of the snows of the Alps lingers, with de-
lighted gaze, upon the friendly light which peers
from the windows of the distant convent, where,
from the desolation of the storm around him, he
may at last find repose, so do I hail that little
gleam of hope in the midst of all the darkness of
this hour.
Sir, I speak not as a suppliant. I ask not for
bounty. I will not accept quarter. I demand
only that justice which springs at the bidding of
an honestmagnanimity I North Carolina, which,
first of all, proclaimed our independence; and "Vir-
ginia, which, first of all, gave birth to it, both
allied to Massachusetts by the renown of a great
past which no civil convulsion can ever destroy
or impair, yet linger within the bounds of the
Union in hopes to save a country whose glory
belongs to us all. Will you step forward and meet
them, with grasped hands, in the spirit which
made your fathers illustrious; or wilt you steel
yourself against every noble impulse, and shut
out every access to sympathy and affection ? Let
the errors of the past be forgotten. If the disas-
ters of the hour have sprung from the seeds you
planted, lot the act be forgiven. Fruitful examples
m your history cluster all around us. Let us ex-
hume the records of the past, and hear the senti-
ments of another distinguished son, and see
whether we cannot gather from him some wis-
dom to guide our counsels.
In March, 1798, when the bill for the erection
of a government in the Mississippi Territory
was before Congress, it was moved that the same
should be, in all respects, similar to that estab-
lished m the Northwestern Territory, except that
" slavery should not be forbidden." Mr. Thatcher,
of Massachusetts, moved to strike out the ex-
cepting clausc, thus excluding slavery in that
Territory.
Mr. Otis, of Massachusetts, " hoped his col-
league would not withdraw his motion; and the
reason why he wished this was, that an oppor-
tunity might .be given to gentlemen who came
from the same part of the Union with him, to mani-
fest that it is not their disposition to interfere with
the southern States as to the spec-ics of property in
question. He thought it was not the business of
those who had nothing to do with that kind of
property, to interfere with that right. If the amend-
ment prevailed, it would declare that no slavery
should exist in the Natchez country. This would
not only be a sentence of banishment, but of war. By
permitting slavery in this district of country, the
number of slaves would not be increased, as if
emigrants from South Carolina or Georgia were
to remove into this country, they would bring
their slaves with them; and he could see nothing
in this which could affect the philanthropy of his
friend."
Sir, if a descendant of Mr. Otis lives, let him be
still prouder of the memory of his father; for the
inauguration of the policy upon which he acted,
in this high place, would at this time, give peace
to thirty millions of people. Is the spirit of the
olden time all vanished? Is patriotism to be ex-
humed from the cooled lava of another Pompei
and Herculaneum*
What divides the North and South at this mo-
ment? Is itthe personal liberty bills? No, sir!
Not so much them. Is it the fugitive slave law ?
No, sir; not so much that. The great superin-
ducing cause of all difficulty has been that very
territorial question which was settled so quietly
by the policy of Mr. Otis in 1798, and is now
settled on the same principle by the Supieme
court.
In the superb argument made by my colleague
from the Norfolk district on yesterday, (in my
estimation the best effort of his life,) he declared
that, upon this question, the South had gained
the principle, but the North had the benefit of its
practical operation; that the North had the sub-
stance, but the South the shadow. That both
were victors,and yetboth were vanquished. Sir,
it is even so. In 1790, the price of a male field
hand twenty-four years of age, as shown by the
recorded appraisement of an estate in the county
where I live, was $250. At that period, the labor
of a slave was cheaper than that of a freeman; but
the invention of Whitney's cotton-gin, opening
the virgin soil of the tropics to a more profitable
investment than had ever been hitherto known,
rapidly increased the value of slaves, during a
period of thirty years, to an incredible per cent-
age. Slavery became allied with capital, and, as
the remunerative prices for cotton increased, was
placed more and more beyond the reach of men
of small means. In 1850, in the slave States,
with a population of 6,000,000, the number of
slaveholders was 347,555, heads of families, rep-
resenting 1,500,000 people, and the number of
slaves was over 3,000,000. Of this number, 68,820
had but one slave each, 105,683 had under five
slaves each , 174,503 slave owners held but 385,869
slaves, while 173,022 held the whole balance,
amounting to 2,818,444. In Virginia, in 1830,
the white population amounted to 094,302; slaves
to 469,755. In 1840, the whites were 740,968;
slaves, 448,988. In 1#50, the whites were 894,800;
slaves, 472,528. In 1859, according to the report
of the auditor, the whiles amounted to 915,204;
the slaves taxed were 272,073; and the slaves
exempt from taxation, as under twelve years of
age, were 260,507; leaving the whole number
532,580. Here, in a period of thirty years,
every man can see for himself what increase was
made in slavery and white population in Vir-
ginia. In a cycle of sixty years, the increase of
the slaves in the border States has been only 64
per cent., and the increase in the other southern
States, including Texas, has been 700 per cent.
In 1850, the number of white persons born south,
who had voluntarily emigrated to the free States,
amounted to 726,450; and it is most remarkable
that the greatest number came from the border
slave States. The number from Virginia was
184,000; from Kentucky, 150,000; from North
Carolina, 64,000; from Missouri, 20,000; from
Maryland, 72,000; from Delaware, 7,000; and
ftom Tennessee, 50,000. By the census of 1860,
there are estimated to be about 4,000,000 slaves
and about 7,500,000 whites who have no slaves.
By the same census, the northwestern tier of free
States, (Michigan, Indiana, Illinois, Iowa, Wis-
consin, and Minnesota,) gain by Representatives
] 4members of Congress. The New England States
lose 4; the middle free States lose 5; the central
slave States lose 6, and the coast-planting States
lose 2. The whites in the free States are estimated
at 19,000,000, and in the slave States at 9,000,000.
I have grouped together these facts for the pur-
pose of showing there is an irreversible law of
population governing this question; and that it
has been population the South wan ted, rather than
territory. They want population and capital; and
if the proceedings of these days are allowed to
be as inauspicious as they seem to be, I will show
Sou a southern confederacy (created out of this
nion) from which every man ^ill turn back af-
frighted and pale, because it will be on the bloody
and reeking hand that his rights of property
must depend. The deductions which might be
drawn are diversified and various; but I have not
now the time to amplify them. This fact, at
least, is apparent to the plainest comprehension,
that slavery cannot rapidly expand, either in the
Union or out of it, as long as slaves remain at the
present high prices. 1 defy any man here—I care
not who he is—to meet me in the fair argument
of this question, and not be tied down by that
