688'
THE CONGSESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 1.
lam of the opinion that it is entirely unnecessary
to have a consul general there, though it would
be proper to have a consul. As, however, the
Senate have confirmed Mr. Bradford as consul
general to Simoda, it seemed to be proper, to carry
out the act of the Senate, to make the necessary
appropriation for the balance of the fiscal year.
That sum is the sum contained in the amendment
now presented to the Senate.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I concur entirely with
the chairman of the committee in believing that
this place of consul general at Simoda is entirely
unnecessary. Mr. Harris, who held it, was raised
to the position which he now holds—of minister
resident, I believe*, and that fact rendered the con-
tinuance of the office which he previously held
unnecessary, it is necessary, undoubtedly, to
have a consul there. I think the better way is to
meet this question at once. We have confirmed
the officer because the office existed; but he has
not yet left the countiy; we can therefore corrcct
it very easily by striking out all that relates to a
consul general at this place, and inserting if among
the consulates, and striking down the appropria-
tion $2,000.
The amendment of Mr. Fessenden having been
prepared, the Secretary read it, as follows:
In line fifty-two of the bill, page 3, strike out a Simoda,''
aftei the word " Alcxandua," and insert u Simoda" alter
the word u at," m hue fitty-three ; so as to make the clause
read:
For salaries of consuls geueial at Quebec, Calcutta, Alex-
andria, Havana, Constantinople, Fiankfoit-on-the-Main;
con-ula at Simoda, Liveipool, Loudon,
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair un-
derstands that this is an amendment to the ori-
ginal bill. The first question, then, must be on
the amendment offered by the Senator from Alary-
Jand.
Air. GWIN. He withdraws that.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understands that to be withdrawn.
Mr. PEARCE. I withdraw it, to enable the
Senator from Maine to offer his amendment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It lms not all been read.
The Secretary read the remaining portions of
the amendment, namely: to strike out, in line sev-
enty-eight, the word u three," and insertone,"
so as to reduce the total appropriation for salaries
of consuls general and consuls from $273,750 to
^271,750; and at the end of line seventy-nine, to
insert:
And the office of consul gencial at Simoda is hereby
abolished, and the salary of the consul at Simoda fixed at
$3,000.
Air. POLK. I could not distinctly hear the
reading of the amendment, and I wish to inquire
whether it will cut down the consulship at Simo-
da from a consul general to a simple consul, but
yet leave the amount appropriated the same as it
was reported by the committee, or whether it
cuts down the amount 5
Mr. FESSENDEN. The amount is cut down
$3,000.
Mi. POLK. F.om $3,000 to £1,000>
Mr. FESSENDEN. From $5,000 to £3.000.
Tiiut is part ci my amendment.
Mr. POLK. That is what I wished to in-
quue. 1 am for the amendment cutting down
liie amount.
Air. PEAllCE. I would suggest to the Sena-
tor from Aiame, that consulships m that legion
usually have attached to them salaries of rather
more than $3,000. I think the consuls at Amoy
and the other Chinese pons have ^3,500, perhaps
&3,600; and it may be better to make tins salary
$3,500.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The consuls in those
ports m China have a great deal more duty to do;
but at tins point living is very cheap, and the
duties are very light; and #3,000 is an ample sal-
ary foi die consul at Simoda.
Mr. PEARCE Yeiy well.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will state, before the
vote is taken, that the majority of the committee
came to the conclusion that this movement was
wise. 1 do not make it on my own motion alone,
but as the organ of the committee.
The amendment was agreed to.
Air. PEARCE. Now I suggest to the Senator
that he ought to make some provision for the con-
sulate up to the 30th of June next.
Air. FESSENDEN. There is at present no
consul there. We have appointed a consul gen-
eral 5 but now the office of consul general, so far as
the Senate is concerned, is abolished. There is no
consul appointed, and it does not appear that there
will be one before the beginning of the next fiscal
year; I doubt whether there will; and therefore I
proposed to reduce the appropriation by precisely
the amount of the difference of salary, calculating-
it only for the next year, supposing there would
be no*consul appointed up to that time.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended;
the amendments were concurrcd in, and ordered
to be engrossed, and the bill to be read a third
time. The bill was read thethird time,and passed.
LEGISLATIVE, ETC., APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. PEARCE. I now move that the_ Senate
take up House bill No. 892, being the legislative,
executive, and judicial bill.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (H. R.
No. 890) making appropriations for the legisla-
tive , executive, and judicial expenses of the Gov-
ernment for the year ending the 30th of June,
1862, was considered as in Committee of the
Whole.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill will
be read.
Air. PEAItCE. Unless it be desired by some
Senator that the whole bill shall be lead, as it is
a very long one, I move to dispense with the read-
ing of it and take up the amendments.
Tho PRESIDING OFFICER. The reading
of the bill will be dispensed with, unless it be
called for by a member. The amendments of the
Committee on Finance will be read in their order.
The Secretary read the first amendment, which
was, in line fourteen of page 2, to strike out the
word u officers" and insert " officer" in the clause
making an appropriation for the salary of the
" officer charged with disbursements of the Sen-
ate."
Mr. HALE. I wish the amendment to be
explained.
Tho PRESIDING OFFICER. It will be again
rpfid.
Air. HALE. I have heard it read. I want it
explained.
Air. PEARCE. I will explain it in a moment.
The woul "officios, "in the plural, has been used
by mistake. There is but one officer charged
witli this duty; and the amendment proposes that
the appropriation, instead of being: to " officers,"
in the plural, shall be to tho " officer" who alone
is charged with this duty.
Mr. HALE. I may be mistaken. I do not
know whether the thing has been done before;
but I think it is, in substance, an increase of the
Secretary's salary.
Air. PEARCE It is according to law. The
officer charged with the disbursement of the con-
tingent fund of the Senate is allowed by law $480
for"that business.
Air. HALE. And that business has always
been done by the Secretary, and he has been paid
by the Senate for it. Him salary was $>3,000, and
he was the disbmsing officer. Subsequently four
or five hundred dollars a year were paid to the
Secretai y in addition to his salary, in consideration
of this duty that he performed. If I undeistand
this bill and amendment now, it is proposed to
| give the salary of #3,000 to tho Secretary, and the
live or six hundred dollars additional, which was
given to him in the first instance us disbursing
officer, and then to pay another officer for dis-
bursing the funds.
Air. PEARCE. The Senator is entirely mis-
taken. There is no provision m the bill, nor is
it proposed to put any provision m the bill, for
any such purpose. The bill is made, by the
amendment, to conform to the law. The com-
mittee intended to conform to the law; but by a
mistake, by a clerical error, the word " officers"
| was put in, instead of " officer;" and the whole
object of the amendment is, to make the bill pre-
cisely eonfoim to the law. There aie no officers
who get any compensation at all for the disburse-
ments of tho Senate, but one, and that one is the
Secretaiy, as thf> Senator has stated; and the ob-
ject of the amendment is to confine the appropri-
ation to that officer, who alone is entitled to it.
That is all.
Air. HALE. Will tho Senator from Maryland
be good enough to tell me how much wo pay for
the salary of the Secretary and of the disbursing
officer ?
Air. PEARCE. The Secretary gets his salary,
which is here mentioned in the bill—§3,600; and
the officer charged with the disbursements of the
Senate, who is the Secretary, gets $480. That is
the law, and has been the usage of the Senate for
several years.
Mr. HALE. Then it got in when it ought not
to have got in. It ought not to be so.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the Committee on Fi-
nance was to insert, after line fifty-nine, among
the appropriations for "contingent expenses of
the Senate:"
For the usual additional compensation to the reporters of
tlie Senate for the Congressional Globe, for reporting the
proceedings of the Senate for the first session of the Thir-
ty-Seventh Congress, ^800 each, $4,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line one hundred
and seven, torcduce the appropriation for the com-
pensation of clerks, and other officers in the ser-
vice of the House of Representatives receiving
an annual salary, from $95,818 to $87,318.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out the fol-
lowing clause:
•'c To enable the Superintendent of the Public Pi intmg to
cany into effect the piovisionsof the joiftt 1 evolution in
relation to the public punting, approved 23d Janu.uy, 1860,
$135,000 • Provided, That no part of this appropriation shall
be expended until the title to the property pui chased shall
have been examined and approved by the Attorney Gen-
eral ot the United States."
Mr. PEARCE. That should be stricken out
of this bill, bccause it has already been provided
for in the deficiency bill, which the Senate has
acted on, and sent to the House of Representa-
tives.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was on
page 10, line two hundred and twenty-one, in the
appropriations for the Department of State, to
strike out " five," and insert " ten;" so that the
clause will read:
For stationery, blank book*, binding, furniture, fixtures,
repans-, painting, and glaring, $10,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was in
line two hundred and twenty-three, page 10, after
the word " thousand," to insert "live hundied;"
so that the clause will read:
For miscellaneous items, $2,500.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was in
line two hundred and fifty-eight, page 10, in the
appropriations for the Treasury Department; to
strike out the word "messenger," and insert
" messengers."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was on
page 16, line three hundred and seventy-five, to
strike out the word " laborers," aisd insert " la-
borer."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line three hundred
and seventy-eight, to strike out the word " mes-
senger," and insert " messengers."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 24, line five
hundred and sixty-four, to strike out " laborer,"
and inscit "laborers."
The amendment was agreed to.
Air. PEARCE. There is an amendment which
the committee had not determined on at the time
of their reporting the bill, which ought to have
been acted on prior to the last one. On page 19,
after line four hundred and thirty-five, I move to
insert what J send to the Chair. That is a class
of appropriations headed " surveyors geneial
and their clerks." I wish this amendment to come
m after that title.
The Secretary read the amendment; to inscit,
after line four hundred and thirty-five, on page
19, the following;
For compensation of the surveyor general of Illinois and
Missouri, §5.2,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was to
insert:
Foi compensation of the suiveyor general of Loui-tima,
$2,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was on
