1861.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
105
36th Cong....2d Sess.
State of the Union—Mr. Clemens.
Ho. op Keps.
scythe [pointing to the clock] which revolves and
cuts down the grassy moments as they spring.
The only mode by which slavery can ever ex-
pand is to reduce the price, and have a new source
of supply. Now, mark you, in nearly all the
southern States, except South Carolina, free white
suffrage prevails, and the slaveholders hold their
property under constitutional restrictions, it is
true, but, at the same time, at the sufferance of
seven millions, who have no skives. "We can
begin to understand, now, why it is that, within
late years, we have heard so much in regard to
the reopening of the African slave trade. The
class who hold the votes and cxcrcise sovereign
political power are beginning to make themselves
felt. They can see no difference between buying
a slave in Africa and in Virginia; and it is espe-
cially desirable to get a naked, chattering barba-
rian, from the barracoons of Congo for $100, and
lick him into shape, through the benign process
of Christian civilization, rather than pay #1,600
for one already civilized, in a domestic market.
Prom 1856 up to this day, in every southern com-
mercial convention—at Savannah, in Georgia; at
Montgomery, m Alabama; at Vicksburg, in Mis-
sissippi—the question has been agitated, and that,
too, by many of the very men who, as politi-
cians, have been most prominent m the existing
revolution.
A member of this House from Illinois, on the
28th of December, 1859, put certain questions to
certain gentlemen on this floor, and I desire to
lecur now to their answers; and, so far as Vir-
ginia and the border slave States arc concerned,
it may not be without benefit in the present exi-
gency. The answers were, substantially, as fol-
lows. Every gentleman can see for himself the
whole of them, by consulting the Congressional
Globe:
Mr. Miles, of South Carolina. (i I am not pre-
pared to say that I may not, at some future time,
be in favor of reopening the African slave trade.
There is no sensible man, north or south, who
believes we can in the present Union reopen the
African slave trade legally."
Mr.Bonham,ofSouth Carolina. "As to whether
I would be in favor of reopening the African slave
trade, in the event that this Confederacy should be
dissolved, I am not prepared to say."
Mr. McRae, of Mississippi. 44 I am in favor
of enforcing the laws as they now stand; but I
consider them unconstitutional and bad laws;
laws which are oppressive to the South; laios
which take away from the southern States their equal-
ity in this Union, in reference to their labor sys-
tem, so far as its supply is concerned.
They go out of the Union because she will not
give them equality, and they go into the other
Union to get equality. Suppose they do not get
it, what becomes of them ? That is a little prob-
lem in the rule of three which will be ciphered
out, if these events are much longer pending.
Mr. Crawford, of Georgia, said: " Under a par-
ticular state of circumstances, 1 would be in favor
of reopening the African slave trade."
Now, sir, if one so humble as myself may ven-
ture an opinion upon these and kindred matters,
I must be allowed to say that the border slave
States may as well be prepared first as last for the
realization of the truth, that the coast States are
aiming not so much at expansion within as expan-
sion without the Union. Visions of conqucst,
visions of military glory, float before the southern
enthusiast, in the glowing speeches of a Peter the
Hermit of a new ciusade, whose declared policy it
was '* to inflame the southern mind, fire the south-
ern heart, and precipitate the cotton States into a
revolution."
But where is slavery to expand? The South
goes out of the Union, and it will never touch as
much earth of the territory that now belongs to
it as I can grasp thus. Never! Never! A war of
thirty years will never get it back. If you fight,
you will never extort by a treaty from the North
the same guarantees that you now have in this
Constitution emblazoned on those shields above !j
us—the very type of -national strength and na-
tional unity.
Where is slavery to expand? Will it be to
Central America? There England excrciscs sov-
cieignty over moie than half of her domain, com- I
prehending nearly the whole coast from Yucatan i
to New Granada. A debt of $,70,000,000 is due
from that country to British creditors, and British
war vessels arc at good anchorage to see that cus-
tom-house duties are punctually paid for their ben-
efit. Who has forgotten the interposition of Com-
mander Salmon against the designs of General
Walker, and his death mainly through that cause
alone. In all that country slavery is abolished by
treaties with England. Have we forgotten that
the Earl of Aberdeen admitted that the utmost
influence of the Government was to be exerted
to procure the abolishment of slavery in Texas;
and both he and Mr. Packenham admitted that
this was with the ultimate view of a similar re-
sult in the United States? At this very hour a
commissioner is said to be in England to nego-
tiate for southern independence, and to enter into
an offensive and defensive treaty, based upon mu-
tuality of interests. The South cannot descend
to take the manufactures of New England, but she
will gladly take those of Old England. No mat-
ter that she docs give secure refuge in Canada to
every fugitive slave; no matter that she did give
in her dominions a safe place for Brown and his
confederates to hatch their treasonable conspir-
acy, and furnished Forbes,an English subject, to
drill them; no matter if she did set the example
of emancipation at an expense of hundreds of mil-
lions as indemnity, and hundreds of millions more
in losses of agricultural products, in the West
Indies; no matter that she did procure the abol-
ishment of slavery in Mexico, and has now a sum
of $200,000,000 due her subjects, with a British
vessel in the offing at Vera druz to see that the
interest is duly paid; no matter if she devastates
Hindostan with the tornado of her limitless rapa-
city, makes Ireland a pauper house, and exiles four
millions.of her people from their native soil; no
matter if she did expel the negroes of New Zealand
from their lowly huts, and drive them to whole-
sale slaughter. No, she may do ail this; she may,
in cold blood, cut the throats and smother to
death in their caverns the Caffirs of Good Hope;
she may search out every square foot of soil upon
God's habitable globe to raise cotton in competi-
tion with that of the South; she may send Liv-
ingston into the furthest recesses, the ultima Thule
of Africa, where a buffalo, if stung by an insect,
will die, to find some new soil in the secluded
valleys of the interior, where the Manchester
spinner can plant and grow the staple for his own
spindle. Sir, this is the beneficent country, and this
is the beneficent policy, the South is called to rely
upon, through alliances offensive and defensive,
and all the inter-complications of interest involved
in a commercial treaty, after having, with more
than judicial blindness, cut themselves off from
their brothers on this continent; brothers in lin-
eage; brothers in allegiance; and, in the midst of
all perils, brothers in affection still!
Mr.Speaker,there isachapter in the past which
our retiring confederates may do well to remem-
ber. In 1834, an English Abolitionist, by the
name of George Thompson, was sent from Exe-
ter Hall, in England, to enlighten the dead con-
science ofthe American people. Aboutthatpenod
John A. Murrill, of Madison county, Tennessee,
had, by means of a secret band, bound with signs
and oaths, arranged for a general rising1 of the ne-
groes on the 25th of December, 1835. Among
other papers found, was the following epistle of
love from the English emissary, dated'March 18,
1834. It was addressed to Murrill:
" Dear Sir : Y our favor of the 4th has come to hand, and
its contents have been carefully oWrved. I think you can
count upon the aid you demand with tolerable ccrtainty by
the time .von name. X approve of \om ariangemeins, and
can perceive abundant justification of your views. (JouJd I
the black< effect a geneial eoneei r ot action, and let loose i
the arm of dcMi uction anions their nm>ters, and their prop- |
city, that the judgment of God migntbe visibly seen and j
felt, it would reach the Ihnty heart. We must reach the !
tyrant in another way. His interest* must be affected be-
fore he will repent. We can piepaic the feelings ot most
of the northern and eastern people by lecturing. The dis-
solution of the Union is the object to be kept steadily in
view. Wai will result, and racking and pillage and in-
suirection will follow. Their cities, with all the merchan-
dise, may be destroyed, their banki plundered of specie,
their pnpei discredited, ^o that thousands of eastern capi-
talists would sutler great loss, and would henceforth con-
sider a t-lave country an im>aie place to make investments.
This >«tate of altaiis would naturally dimmish the value
of slave property, and disgust even the tyrant with the pol-
icy of siaveiy, while the whole country would be tfui.s m
a state of anau by nnd povrny. Their banking institution."
and credit sunk into disrepute, n would be an ea*y matter
to effect the total abolition of slavery. Desperate diseases
require desperate remedies."
Mr. Speaker, was this prophecy, and is itaboat
to bccome a part of the history of this country?
Mr. AVERY. If the gentleman means John
A. Murrill, as I suppose he does, I will say that
he quotes from the correspondence of a convict,
who served out ten years in the penitentiary of
Tennessee for stealing negroes.
Mr. CLEMENS. Very well; the gentleman
from Tennessee does not seem to understand that
a man who would incite a negro insurrection
would be very likely to steal negroes.
I dismiss this unwelcome theme. Let me pass
to another. It is evident that, in the event of the
formation of a southern confederacy, there will be,
besides the African slave trade, another element of
discord and agitation, in which the Gulf and border
States will have interests entirely dissimilar. Sla-
very is the great ruling interest of the extreme Gulf
States; the other States have great interests besides
slavery, which cannot be lightly abandoned. I admit
it is to the advantage of the coast States to have
a direct exchange of staple commodities for the
manufactured articles of England and France.
That this is proposed to be realised, we have the*
fullest proofs. Charleston, Savannah, Mobile,
and New Orleans will become great marts of
trade. Export duties and direct taxation will be
to them a prosperous policy; but how will it op-
erate upon the mechanical and manufacturing and
mining industry and capital of Missouri, of Ken-
tucky, of Virginia, of North Carolina, of Mary-
land, and Delaware, if they should form part of
tho confederation? I know it is asserted that a
mutuality of purposes and a community of inter-
est in slavery will avoid this result. How is it to
be avoided? Sir, when it involves a contradiction
of the avowed designs of South Carolina for the
last thirty years, and is in perfect correspond-
ence with the declared plans of the people of the
cotton States themselves, how, I say, will you
avoid it?
An examination of the census of 1860 will dis-
close the astounding fact that if the Constitution
of the United States is taken as a provisional
form of government under this new convention
which they have called to meet in Montgomery,
Alabama, the cotton States, with those abutting
upon them, will have, under the fixed ratio of
representation, the legislative power over the bor-
der slave States, and they will be bound by a
policy which may be, as to their great material
and mechanical interests, as oppressive as it will
be ruinous. If these causes should exist, we shall
have an antagonism in that union quite as great;
fiftyfold intensified, it may be, beyond anything
we have ever had in this. But if the other view
is taken,and the border States arc encouraged and
protected m manufactures, the white population
of those States will be so vastly increased that
they will be but nominal slave States, finally be-
coming free States by the very necessities of their
existence under that inexorable law of population
to which I have referred. What principle in free-
trade, or any other principle for which they are
now contending, will the cotton States have gained
by this most disastrous revolution? What time it
may take to effect these results, no human sagacity
can foretell; but that they will follow, if any reli-
ance at all can be placed upon past experience, is
at least my own fixed and solemn conviction.
W ith a tier of free States along the whole northern
border of Texas, the western borders of Louis-
iana and Arkansas, the northern and western
portions of Missouri, of Kentucky, of Virginia,
and of Maryland, a distance of nearly four thou-
sand miles, this inevitable law of population,
operating from its geographical center in the
Northwest, and with the facilities for settlement
which a Pacific railroad will give, a branch of
which the South voluntarilyand most fallaciously
relinquishes, the great hog-eatingTeutons of these
vast plains will bear down even upon Texas and
Mexico, and ultimately bear them away from any
confederacy into which they may enter. In the
Union there is at least a fair prospect that Mex-
ico, by the very necessities of our position, will
fall into our hands, and in the providence of God
it may yet be thatthisnowdistracted land, cursed
with civil feuds, and racked with internecine
wars, may yet be reserved for the purpose of
