690
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 1,
ADJOURNMENT TO MONDAY.
Mr. LANE. I move that when the Senate
adjourns to-day, it be to meet on Monday next.
'The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. HALE subsequently said: I voted "with
the majority on the motion to adjourn over; and
I move to reconsider the vote by which the Senate
refused to adjourn to Monday.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 hope the Senate will not
adjourn over. The Indian appropriation bifl is
fixed for to-morrow.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion to reconsider.
The question being taken, there were, on a di-
vision—ayes 13, noes 23. So the Senate refused
to reconsider.
HOUSE BILL REFERRED.
The bill (H. R. No. 970) to regulate the com-
pensation of the keeper and assistant keepers of
the light-house on Minot's Ledge, in the harbor
of Boston,Massachusetts, and for other purposes,
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
POST ROUTE BILL.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill (H.
R. No. 714) establishing certain post routes was
amended by the Senate and returned to the House
of Representaiivea. It has now come back from
the House of Representatives with certain amend-*
ments of the Senate concurred in, and others non-
concured in. If no motion be^made, it will be
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
Mr. LATHAM, I think that bill had better
lie on the table for the present.
Mr. GREEN. It might as well go to the com-
mittee.
Mr. GWIN. I hope it will be laid on the table.
I think we can take it up and dispose of it in the
morning.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill and
amendments will lie on the table for the present.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a report of the Secretary of the Navy, com-
municating, in compliance with a resolution of the
Senate, a statement of the number and pay of
clerks and watchmen at the naval stations, on
board vessels of war; which was referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
He also laid before the Senate a letter of the
Treasurer of the United States, communicating
copies of his accounts for the Post Office Depart-
ment, for the year ending June 30, 1860; which,
on motion of Mr. Bigler, was ordered to lie on
the table, and be printed.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On motion of Mr. BIGLER, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of executive business;
and after some time spent therein, the doors were
reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, February 1, 1861.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas H. Stockton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
KANSAS.
Mr. CONWAY. Mr. Speaker, I rise toa ques-
tion of privilege. I observe by the reading of the
Journal this morning, that a resolution was of-
fered yesterday during my absence, by the hon-
orable gentleman from Arkansas, [Mr. Hikdman,]
" that the Committee on the judiciary be, and
they arc hereby, instructed to inquire whether
Hon. Martin F. Conway, claiming to represent
the State of Kansas, has been legally and consti-
tutionally elected a Representative to the Congress
of the United States from said State; and that said
committee report by bill or otherwise." As this
is the first time, sir, that my right to a seat in
ihis House has been doubted, and as I went to
the Speaker's desk and received the oath of office
without objection being made by any member, I
deem it due to me, and so I think the honorable
gentleman from Aikansas will conceive it to be,
that he should inform the House of the reason
which has prompted him to so extraordinary a
proceeding.
Mr. HINDMAN. Mr. Speaker, it affords me
pleasure, in reply to the honorable gentleman from
Kansas, to state the reasons prompting me in
what he denominates (i so extraordinary a pro-
ceeding." It is right that I should say here that
I have been actuated by no intention of showing
disrcspect to the gentleman himself, and by no
feeling of hostility towards his State. My object
has been, and is, simply to discharge a public
duty.
The Constitution of the United States, in arti-
cle one, section two, provides that " the House
of Representatives shall be composed of members
chosen every second year by the people of the
several States." That Constitution is binding
upon every member here. We have all sworn
to support it; and must, in all things, conform our
action to its requirements. In respect to repre-
sentation in this body, it is our duty to see that
no person not constitutionally eligible and duly
elected is admitted to a seat. We arc bound to
exclude such as have not been " chosen by the
people of the several States."
The late Territory of Kansas was admitted into
the Union as a State on last Monday, I believe,
the 28th ultimo. So soon as she thus became a
State, the right to choose one member of this
House rested in her people. Prior to that time,
they had no such right, for they did not consti-
tute a State; and, under the clause of the Consti-
tution which I have just quoted, none except
States are entitled to choose Representatives to
Congress.
The gentleman from Kansas was elected long
before Kansas was admitted. He was not elected
by the people of a State, but by the people of a
Territoi-y. The question raised by the resolution
I offered is, whether such election is valid. Can
the act of admission go back, in its effect, to the
time when the Wyandotte constitution was adopted
by the people of Kansas, and constitute Kansas
a State of the Union from that time on? If so,
what becomes of the various official acts of ter-
ritorial officers, and the acts of the territorial ju-
diciary, especially, in the interim? All arc nulli-
fied. On the other hand, if the act of admission
is not retroactive; if its efficacy began only when
it was passed and became alaw,anddid notrcach
back to cover previous events, then the election
of the gentleman was invalid, and lie has no right
to a seat in this House.
Mr. GROW. I wish to say one word.
Mr. HINDMAN. Allow me for a moment
more.
I am aware, sir, that there are numerous in-
stances whore Senators and Representatives
chosen by Territories before admission as States,
have been allowed to take their seats; but the fact
those cases have occurred does rot settle the ques-
tion of right. It matters not what the precedents
have been; a bad practice ought not farther to be
pursued. The question for us to decide, is: is u
Tenitory entitled, under the Constitution, to elect
a Representative to the Congress of the United
States? At the time the gentleman from Kansas
was elected, Kansas, beyond doubt, was a Terri-
tory. That is the issue my resolution presents;
and it is the only one it was designed to raise.
Mr. GROW. I desire to call the attention of
the gentleman from Arkansas to the case of his
own State. Her Representatives in Congress
were first elected when she was in a territorial
condition.
Mr. RUST. He has admitted, not denied, that
there were such cases.
Mr. GROW. There were very many like cases.
Territories, before their admission into the Union
as States, have heretofore done all that was ne-
cessary for them to do to complete their State gov-
ernments. Mr. Butler, Attorney General under
General Jackson, decided that before the admis-
sion of aState,it was necessary to have organized
the machinery of a State government, so that it
might go into operation the moment of admission;
otherwise there would be no government at all,
the territorial government having been destroyed
by the act of admission. It has been the decis-
ion of the Government, therefore, that, before the
admission as a State, a Territory may elect all
the officers nccessary for a State governmont, and
that the State government thus organized goes
into operation from the day Congress passed the
act of admission; that that act legalizes the pre-
vious acts on the formation of a State government
by the Territory. So that this case is like all
others that have occurred; and in the case of
Arkansas, the very question was adjudicated.
Mr. HINDMAN. 1 do not controvert the facts
which the gentleman states. I am aware that in
the case of Arkansas, and many others which I
referred to awhile ago, without specifying any
particular one—in the cases of California, Ore-
gon, and divers others—such admission has been
allowed, of Representatives and Senators alike,
prior to the passage of the act; but, as I said be-
fore, that precedentdoes notdemonstrate its own
rightfulness. The question is, ought the prece-
dent to have been set, or ought it now to be fol-
lowed? And this question is not to be decided
by saying that such things have been done hereto-
fore; but it must be determined by inquiry into the
foundation of such action. Was it right? And if
right, it ought now to be followed; and if not, it
should be set aside.
Mr. GROW. I do not wish the gentleman to
understand me as making any objection upon that
ground. I only stated the facts.
COMPROMISE RESOLUTIONS.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I design, at the
proper time and before the final vote is taken upon
the resolutions reported by the select committee
of thirty-three in relation to the disturbed state of
the country, to offer a resolution as a substitute
for those reported from that committee. I desire,
sir, now to present it to the House, that it may be
printed, to enable me to offer it at the pioper time.
No objection being made, the resolution was
received, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. McCLERNAND. I ask that the joint
resolution may be read.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Resolved by the Senate and Home of Representatives of
the United States of Jimcnca m Congress assembled, (two
thirds ot both Houses coneuumg,) That the following arti-
cles be, and arc heieby, proposed and submitted as amend-
ment^ in the Constitution ot the United States, winch shall
be valid to all intents and purposes, as part of said Consti-
tution, when ratified by conventions of three fourths of the
koveial States :
Art. 13. That in all the Territory now held by the Uni-
ted States, situated north of latitude 3o° 30', involuntaiy
hCivitude, except in the punishment of crime, ij prohib-
ited, while s-uoh Territory shall lemain under a teiritorial
government. That in all the Terntoiy mow held south of
said (me, neither Congies1? noi any Teriitori.il Legislature
shall hindcror pievent the migiation to said Teintoryof
pet sons held to s-er vice from any States ol this Union where
that relation exists by viitue of any law or usage of such
State, while it *>hall icinniu m a territorial condition : and
when an > Temtory noitb or south of said line, within such
boundaues as Congress may prescribe, shall contain the
population requisite lor a member of Congress, according to
the then Federal ratio of lepresenration of the people of
the United States, it may, if its form of government be re-
publican, be admitted into the Union oh an equal tooting
with the original States, with oi without the relation of
person* hold to service and labor, as the constitution of
such new State may provide.
Art. 14. That nothing in the Constitution of the United
States, oi any amendment thereto,shall be bo construed as
to authorize any department of the Government to, In any
manner, interfere with the relation of persons held to ser-
vice In any State where that relation exists, noj in any
manner to establish or sustain that relation in any Statu
where it is prohibited by the laws or constitution of such
State; and that this amcle shall not be altered or amended
without the consent of every State in the Union.
Art. 15. The third paragraph of the second section of
the fourth article of the Constitution shall be taken and
consttued to uiUhoiize and empower Congress to pas*, laws
nccossaiy to secure the leturn of prisons held to km vice or
labor under the laws of any State who may have escaped
therefrom, to the party to whom such service or labor may
be due.
Art. 16. The migration or importation of persons held
to seivice or involuntary servitude into any State, Terri-
ritory, or place within the United States, from any place or
country beyond the limit* ot the United States orTerutories
theieof, is forever prohibited.
Mr. McCLERNAND. I am very happy to see
that proposition coming from the source it does. I
hail it as an auspicious omen. It is encouraging
that any offer of compromise should come from
the Republican side; and particularly from my
able colleague, who stands so near to the Presi-
dent elect. I say this, not knowing what my col-
league's plan proposes, only that it is intended as
a peace offering.
Mr. LOVEJOY. If that resolution is not in
order, I object to it. [Cries of " Too late! "
" Too late ! "]
The SPEAKER. The order to print has already
been made.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I did not hear the
remark of my colleague upon the other side in
relation to the President elect. I would like to
hear it.
