1861.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
107
36th Cong....2d Sess.
Stale of the Union—Mr. Nelson.
Ho. of Beps.
hereby, foiever piohibited. In ait Territories, or parts of
Tom Hones', south of saul line of 36° 30', slavety in.iy exist,
and shall bo piotectcd hv such ruled and icgulations as (Jou-
grecs may prescribe. When such Territories form consti-
tutions -with a view to then admission into the CJmon as
States, oi when new States may be fot med, as now provided
foi,out of any State or States, any pait of which is situate
pouth of a line of 36° 30' of north latitude, extendine from
the Atlantic to the Paeific ocean, such Temtory, or new
State, applying for admission into the Union, may continue
oi abolish slavery, and shall be admitted on the same toot-
ing as other States. No law shall be passed by Congress
interfering with, or prohibiting, the tlave trade in the slave-
holding Stales, or in the Territories, or new States, now
existing, or which may be created south of said line. Con-
gress shall not abolish slavery in the District of Columbia.
The importation of persons from Afuea, or any foreign
State or country, to be held as slaves or in involuntary servi-
tude, shall not be allowed.
Art. XIV. Congress shall provide by law for the arrest
of fugitive slaves and servants escaping from one State or
Territory into another, and for their leturn to their owners
or masters. If such fugitives cannot be arrested, Congress
may enact laws piovtding for indemnity from the persons,
counties, or towns, bj whom or in which the escape may
have been aided. All laws and custom* interfering with
these provisions shall be null and void. Congress may
enact sucli statutes as may be deemed proper to enforce
th«'-o amendments.
Art. XV. The electors shall meet in their respective
Slate* and vote by ballot for Piesident and VieePiesident;
one of whom shall be an inhabitant north of said line of
36° 30' of noitli latitude, extending lrom the Atlantic to the
Pacific ocean ; the other, an inhabitant south of ^aid line;
and both of whom shall not be inhabitants of the same
State.
Those resolutions, as I stated to the committee
at the time I introduced them, were not designed
to express my own political sentiments, but to
present such a middle ground as I had supposed
might moot with the approbation of the different
parties in the country. Pending the consideration
of those propositions, resolutionssimilar in prin-
ciple were offered in the Senate by one of the ablest
and most distinguished of our statesmen and pa-
triots; and knowing that his name would justly
give to them a far greater weight and importance
than my own, I cheerfully withdrew them, and
submitted those of that Senator to the considera-
tion of the committee. They have not been adopt-
ed, it is true; but, conceding, as I did, in offering
those resolutions, much to the opinions of others,
and finding otheis were willing to make conces-
sions also in supporting them for the sake of com-
promise, I still think those resolutions would give
peace to our country. I fear their fate is already
sealed; but still, as the people in various States,
and especially in the conservative States of the
South, have signified their willingness to accept
them and have hailed the efforts of the distinguish-
ed and venerable Senator from Kentucky with
rapture and delight; as they have rallied to their
support in northern as well as southern States, I
think this is an argument which is strong and pow-
erful m its character, why we, as the representa-
tives of the people, should endeavor to respond to
the demand of the public will.
It is not my purpose to argue those resolutions
at length; but i may say, in regard to them, that
the most important of them—one which it was
hoped would be promptly accepted by all parties
—is that which proposes a restoration, in prin-
ciple, of the Missouri compromise line, it was
hoped, at the time that line was offered to the Re-
publican party, that they would rally to its sup-
port, because the repeal of the Missouri compro-
mise line was the origin of that party. It wasfeared
that members from the South belonging to the
Democratic party would notagreetotheadoption
of that line, because they contend that, under the
decision of the Supieme Court, in the Died Scott
ease, we have an equal rightto go with ourslaves
to all the Territories of the United States; and as
the lino of 36° 30' gives up our claim to establish
slavery north of it, and the Crittenden resolutions
only demand protection south of it, there was a
reasonable probability that it would meet with
strong opposition from the South. I was pleased
and gratified in the committee to see southern gen-
tlemen, holding extreme opinions, rallying to the
supportof that line; and I believe, this day, if the
two Houses ofCongress will adopt the Crittenden
resolutions, or some resolutions of a similar char-
actor, it will give peace and repose to our country.
Those resolutions would, in my humble judg-
ment, be satisfactory to a large majority of the
southern States, perhaps to all of them but one.
And cannot they be voted for without any sacri-
fice of honor and principle upon the part of north-
ern gentlemen? Northern gentlemen say they
cannot support the line of 36° 30', because they
say it is a concession of slavery south of that line.
How is it a concession to slavery south of that
line ? Does not slavery exist there already, by the
laws of New Mexico ? And when we ask you to
rally to the support of that line, do we ask you
to relinquish one jot or tittle of your principles?
We ask you to do nothing more than to recognize
what already exists south of that line, without
your procurement and independent of your ac-
tion—to acknowledge the fact that slavery is there,
and to say that you will not interfere with it.
What do we give you as compensation for that?
We offer you that slavery shall be forever pro-
hibited north of that line; and if there is any con-
cession in this matter,! maintain that it is a con-
cession from the South to the North. Itis.an
abandonment of the Dred Scott decision, so far as
slavery is concerned, north of the line of 36° 30'.
i repeat, it is only asking the Republican party
not tr> pledge themselves to establish slavery, but
simply to recognize a fact which exists without
their agency, and for which they are in no con-
ceivable form responsible: the one fact that the
people of that country have recognized and estab-
lished slavery themselves. Sir, what concession
is there m this ? Does the word concession grate
harshly upon the Republican ear? I have been
pained to hear gentlemen of that party announce
on this floor their utter repugnance to concession
and compromise. I will not, I cannot, believe
that this sentiment is common to a majority of the
members of that party. Remember, gentlemen,
that our Government was formed in a spirit of
compromise. It has been preserved in the same
spirit. Nothing will save it now but a manifest-
ation of the same spirit. No compromise! No
concession! "Why, sir, we act upon this piin-
ciple every day of our lives, and in all our social
and business intercourse; and had notourCreator
compromised with his own law and with fallen
man, by sending his Son to save us, we would
have no hope in this world, or in the world to
come.
Mr. Speaker, many southern gentlemen regard
it as humiliating, degrading, to treat the Repub-
lican party with any sort of deference or respect.
Sir, I regard nothing as humiliating when the
weal of my country is at stake; and I entreat, I
implore, the members of that party to consider
well before they reject the proposition for a com-
promise line; not because it emanated from me;
not because it was proposed also by other gentle-
men whose opinions are entitled to high respect;
but because a large portion of the country has
expressed itself for it, and because, preeminent
among those who have recommended it, stands
the great name of the distinguished Senator from
Kentucky. Ah, sir, it would not merely electrify
the whole country, if this measure should be
adopted, but in the sere and yellow leaf of age,
a patriot, a statesman, an honest and honorable
man, an "old man eloquent,'' a man of sterling
worth, one who
"Never bent the pregnant hinges of the knee,
Where thrift might follow fawning,"
would be delighted and rejoiced, in windingup his
splendid and noble career as a statesman, by do-
ing one great and final act for the preservation of
our institutions. Yes, sir, if that old man, who
seems, to mortal eyes, to be trembling upon the
verge of the grave, and who, in a few short years
at most, must depart from us, but whose life, I
trust, will be long spared—1 say if he were hon-
ored by the adoption of his plan of settlement; if
he could feel that the last act of his public life
had saved his country, I can almost fancy that
when he passes to
" That undiscovered country, from whose bourn
No traveler returns,"
the first welcome he will leceive to the brighter
sphere that awaits him, will be from the genial
spirit of the noble-hearted Clay, and that upon
the green bank beyond the dark river of death,
they will shake hands upon the deliverance, the
redemption of their beloved country. [Great ap-
plause in the galleries.]
I shall not discuss this question any further,
because within the time by which I am limited by
the rules of the House I shall not bo able to say
one half of what I desire to say to the House and
the country. I must notice these tilings hastily
and imperfectly.
I hope, Mr. Speaker, that gentlemen of the Re-
publican party will forgive me when I say that we
of the South think we have just cause of fear and
apprehension oftheNorth. Idonotsay this to you,
or to your party, in any spirit of bravado or un-
kindness. We have had too much of that already;
and would to God that feelings of hatred and re-
venge, which are too often manifested, were ban-
ished from our Halls,and that, as brethren, hav-
ing a common love for our common country, we
could come together upon some honorable terms
of adjustment,-that would be satisfactory to the
consciences of us all.
Now, Mr. Speaker, why do I say we have just
cause of fear? I have not the time to point them
out, except only in a general way. Wo have
cause of fearin the abolition publications of books,
sermons, and speeches, which have been so much
circulated in the North, and in which we of the
South have been so grossly and unjustly abused.
We have cause of fear in the personal liberty bills
which have been passed by noithern Legislatures,
and which have been sanctioned by northern con-
ventions. It gives me pleasure to say, however,
that the present indications are that most, or all,
of these will be repealed. We have had just cause
offear in the facts that men have violated the Con-
stitution of the United States, which secures the
right of arresting fugitives from service or labor,
and have resisted lawful efforts to apprehend our
slaves when they have lun away from us; and
men, who have endeavored to enforce the consti-
tutional right which belongs to us, have been mur-
dered in cold blood upon northern soil, as Ken-
nedy and Gorsuch were murdered, a few years
ago, in Pennsylvania. We have had wicked and
unlawful assaults made upon our peace by such
men as John Brown and 1ms associates; and in-
cendiary documents have, time and again, been
thrown into our midst to kindle the flame of in-
surrection in the South.
We have, Mr. Speaker, a greater cause of fear,
if possible, in the fact that prominent members
of the Republican party have announced the doc-
trine upon the floor of the HouseofRepresentatives
that the Supreme Court, as now constituted, is a
partisan tribunal, and tire doing all they can to
sap the public confidence in the greatest judicial
tribunal upon earth. And here let me say, that
if there is any one thing in this country which,
above all others, gives to the people security in
their civil and religious liberties, it is the inde-
pendence and faithfulness of the judicial tribunals.
We may talk as much as we please about our
equality; but the impartial administration of jus-
tice, more than all other causes, secures and en-
forces it. There is 011c place yet where all men
are equal in our country; and that, sir, is in a
court of justice. There the poor and the rich
stand upon the same footing; and there the judge,
with the impartial balance ill his hand, weighs
the rights of either. There the man who has been
oppressed and injured by Ins neighbor can go;
and there he can' feel that his rights will be as-
serted and maintained. The only rational liberty
we enjoy is that which is guarded by our laws,
and enforced by an independent judiciary. The
great element of its success is public confidence;
but let the assaults which have been made by the
Republicans upon the highest tribunal in the
world be repeated through the land, and let the
respect of our people for our Supreme Court, and
other courts, be destroyed, and I tell you, Mr.
Speaker, that we may bid " farewell, a long fare-
well, to all our greatness" as a nation.
But, sir, I return to the consideration of the
questions which are before the House. I shall
not, upon this occasion, discuss the proposition
which has been submitted by the national com-
mittee for the admission of NewMexicoasaState.
In the discharge of my duty, I judged it incum-
bent upon me to point out very briefly the objec-
tions existing to that measure, as a measure of
peace, in a minority report which I shall take the
liberty of appending to the leport of my speech.
I shall not, therefore, discuss that question now;
but I will say, Mr. Speaker, that while I advocate
the Missouri compromise and the Crittenden
proposition as affording the basis—not the ulti-
