1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
603
port of the Clririqui commission, not one bushel
of coai will be found upon the lands selected for
the purpose-of a coal depot. The grants to the
Government were merely for the purpose of es-
tablishing coal depots. The contract contemplates
that the Government shall purchase its coal from
the Chiriqui Improvement Company, or what-
ever company shall work the mines. To show
that I am not mistaken in reference to this matter,
I will read a portion of the report of Captain
Engle. He says:
11 To Frenchman's creek from Boca del Drago, is forty-
two miles. You pass through the Boca del Tigre, a fine,
wide, open channel, which only requires a fort on Water-
cay to command it, and a light for navigators to clear the
Tigre breaker, as well as for a point to deteimine the course
to be steered through the shoals to the southward of it.
Then you have twenty miles of bmooth haibor surface to
steam before reaching FienchmanV creek, the now pro-
posed terminus of the road, which would increase the
steaming distance Irom any of our ports, via Cape San An-
tonio, thirty miles cach way. Examine the line for Shop-
herd's harbor. Boca del Diago has Columbus island on its
east and the main on its west. On entering the channel
you make a shaip angular turn and head for the main,
where there should be a fort; from this point you have two
raking hies, which no ship or ships can stand, for you have
to face the muzzle to a distance of fitty yards, then broad-
side, and then ' vstern to.' Near this point must be the great
depot for the coal from the mines, which must be biought
theie for shipment. It is the most available point; the dis-
tance to Chatigumola is six miles."
Thus, sir, your five thousand acres, when lo-
cated for the purpose of coal depots, will still be
six miles fiom the coal mines. Those mines are
entirely outside of any of the lands which will
belong to the Government.
But I do not consider this very objectionable;
for if theOovernment had the right to locate their
lands where coal abounds, I am notof the opinion
that the Government would gain anything by min-
ing its own coal, i think if the Government mined
its own coal that it would cost twice as much, and
it may be four times as much, as if it were pur-
chased in open market. However that may be,
still it is true there are no coal mines upon the
land to belong to the Government; and the Gov-
ernment will therefore be compelled to purchase
the coal that it may need.
On this question of coal, I beg now to call
attention to the fourth provision of the contract
made between the Secretary of the Navy and A.
W. Thompson,/or the Chiriqui Improvement
Company. It is as follows:
"4. The United States shall have the right, and the same
is hereby conveyed, to all coal, for riuv.il puiposes?, at  >r
near the points selected for coal depots and nrual station*,
n-i afore aul; but if coal shall be found of Mipeuor quality
fur steam puipo.-es, in other place> than those so selected,
then the United States shall have the right, and the tame
is herebv conveyed, to use the same, &ubjeet only to the
tax of one dune per ton, as provided to be paid to :hc pro-
vincial authouties of Chiriqui, in the grant aforesaid, and
the cost of mining and delivering the same."
There isagooddeal of verbiage here; butwlien
members get at the straightforward meaning of
that provision, it will, I think, be found to be this:
that the Government of the United States shall
pay $300,000 for the privilege of purchasing coal
of this company at the same rate as all otherswho
may want it. Therefore, the professed advant-
ages under this provision of the contract really
amount to nothing. It is so plain a thing that
there is hardly any excuse for me to waste more
words upon it.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I hope the gentleman from
New York will permit rac to put a question to
him in reference to the point on which he is now
commenting.
Mr. POTTLE. I yield for that purpose.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Was there any evidence
before the Committee on Naval Affairs going to
show that the coal in the neighborhood of the
proposed naval depots of the Government is prop-
er and fit for the use of the United States steam
marine? If there be any evidence, what is it?
Mr. POTTLE. There was very little evidence
before the committee on any subject; and what
we had was rather a matter of faith—"the evi-
dence of things unseen,and the substance of things
hoped for." [Laughter.] It is proper I should
say another word, for I want to do justice to all
parties concerned. In reference to the coal found
m Chiriqui, the report of the commission would
seem to establish the fact that there is abundance
of coal on the Atlantic side of the Isthmus, and
of good quality for shipping purposes. I make
no point on that part of the case. The point I
make is, not that coal does not exist there, but
that, if it exists there, there is no necessity for the
Government of the United States paying a bonus
for the right to purchase coal from this company
upon the same terms all others can purchase it—
namely, at the market price. That is my point;
and it cannot be successfully refuted. _
Mr. MORSE. I ask to state a piece of evi-
dence upon -which the committee relies.
Mr. POTTLE. I cannot yield to an argument,
but I will to a question.
Mr. MORSE. I ask the gentleman, then,
whether Lieutenant Morton and the chief engi-
neer of the expedition do not report that they tried
the coal, and found it of good quality for the use
of the United States steam marine?
Mr. POTTLE. I recollect very well that there
was some evidence in reference to this Chiriqui
coal before the committee, but it was of an insuf-
ficient and unsatisfactory character. In order,
however, not to do injustice to the Chiriqui Im-
provement Company, I have already stated that
the report of the expedition appeared to show that
there was an abundance of coal of good quality to
be found on the Atlantic side of the Isthmus.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I understand the gentleman
from New York to say, further, that the contem-
plated purchase gives us no right to mine coal
there for our own use.
Mr.POTTLE. Yes, sir; and I have read that
portion of the report of Captain Engle winch
shows that the nearest coal is six miles from where
the depot will have to be located.
Now, sir, I pass from that point to another, to
which I ask the attention of the House. 1 mean
the advantages to be derived by the Government,
as stated in the contract, by the right of transit
over the roadway of said company. In order
that we may understand exactly whatkind of right
it is, I will read from the contract:
" First. The United Suites, for the consideration herein-
after named, shall have and enjoy a right of way or transit
over said road, which is hereby granted to them by the party
of the second part, free fiom all tolls or taxes upon offi-
cers, agent*, seamen, landsmen, mails, munitions, stores,
tioops, or anv direct propeity ot the United States winch
the Government thereof may nansporl or cause lo be trans-
posed over the said road dunni; the continuance ot ttie
present grant made by the sani piovinec of Chiriqui to the
said Ambrose W. Thompson."
If wc arc dealing with the Chiriqui Improve-
ment Company m reference to the right of travel
over that old provincial road, then it is liaidly
necessary for us to pay §300,000 for that right,
because we can have it as well without. Travel
over that road, if it shall ever be improved, would
be quite as much for the interest of the company as
to anyone else, and they would doubtless be glad
to have this and all other Governments exercise
the right of using that road, and thus afford a
chance for the settlement and improvement of the
lands of the company.
If, however, it be contended that the grant to
the Chiriqui Improvement Company gives it a
right to construct a railway over that road, and
that it is proposed to give the Government of the
United States the benefit of transit on that rail-
way when constructed, then we must look at the
rights of this company as set forth in their grant
from Costa Rica. First, is it in a position tog-rant
such a right to us ? and, secondly, if it is, then is the
route one upon which the compan y could construct
a railway for the transportation of freight? The
first point can be disposed of briefly. I will read
the language of the grant from Costa Rica to this
company—articles fourteen and eighteen, which
are as follows:
" Art- 14. The grantees shall not at any time be permit-
ted to disembark or tianspoit, mil consent to the transport-
ation or disembaikation, at any time vvhatsoevei, across the
raihoad,oftroops, arms, munitions of war bi-'lonsing to any
foreign Government, or to individuals, or private societies,
[companies.] The Republic ofCostaRica only shall possess
this right. The infraction of this article by the giantens,
their agents, or those charged with the direction and admin-
istration of the enterpuse, shall torthwith work as a com-
plete nullity and toifeituie of the prcsentcontract in all and
every one of its parts, and the confiscation not only of such
arms and munitions of war, but also of the railroad anil ail
its woiks and tixtures.
'•'Art. 18. Tiie giantcfb at no time shall be at libertj,
under penalty of forleiting all the privileges ol tins coil-
tiact, lo transfer or to cede to any foreign Government the
grant ot concessions and privileges made to them In viitue
of the present contiact.''
Thus we see the moment Congress ratifies the
contract between the Secretary of the Navy and
Ambrose W. Thompson, for this company, that
very moment the grant of Costa Rica is forfeited,
and the rights of the Chiriqui Improvement Com-
pany are lost, together-with tKe §300,000 which, we
had appropriated. There can Be no. mistake in
regard to this point. It is perfectly plain, that
look at the grant as you will, Costa Rica lias hot
yielded the privilege of transporting troops and
munitions of war. No such privilege was con-
ferred upon this company; and if it attempts to
confer that power upon any foreign Government,
then its grant will become utterly null and void.
And yet we are grayely considering whether
we had not better, in the present condition of the
Treasury .authorize the payment of $300,000, with
a perfect certainty that, by so doing, we destroy
the grant, and the further certainty of the utter
impossibility of the Chiriqui company carrying
out its contract with this Government.
If there is still doubt on this point, I beg leave
to refer to the amendment now pending, offered
by the honorable chairman of the Committee on
Naval Affairs, which, in terms, provides that we
shall have no right to use this according to the
terms of the contract which wo are asked to rat-
ify, namely, for the purpose of transporting troops
and munitions of %var; in otlnir words, that we
shall have no right to use it for any of the pur-
poses for which it was obtained until we first pur-
chase that right from the Government of Costa
Rica. Now, it seems to me that the honorable
chairman of the committee leaves off just where
we should begin—that if we are to obtain this right
from that Government, we should devote our
money to the purchase of a right which we can
rely upon. There is little doubt butrthat this Chir-
iqui company, if it ever builds a road, will accept
any freight which may be offered, which they are
at liberty, under this grant, to transport.
Mr. SHERMAN. I would like to ask the gen-
tleman a single question. Suppose we grant this
$300,000 to Thompson, and he should put it in
his pocket: what redress have we?
Mr. POTTLE. None whatever. I have just
stated there was no provision in this contract
binding the Chiriqui company to build this'road;
and their transfer to us of a portion of their grant
from Costa Rica would effectually prevent them
from fulfilling any of the provisions of their con-
tract. Wc have the facts before our eyes, and it
was to that end that I sent up my amendment. I
wanted to know whether the Govcrnmentof Costa
Rica would consent to this arrangement; and I
wanted to know whether it was a roadway or a
railway intended by this contract, and whether it
would be a railway when it was built. I think it
will be ample time to vote this $,300,000 from the
Treasury, in the present condition of the country,
to pay for these privileges, when it is ascertained
that we are to derive benefits worth paying for.
I have devoted too much time to this point. I
now proceed to another point—the right to the
use of the harbors, &c. I read from that portion
of the contract, as follows:
" And the further right to use, as harbors, the waters,
gulfs, bays, or lagoons, sheltered, or partially surrounded
by the lands of the said Thompson, or the said Improve-
ment Company."
Sir, is it possible that the House of Represent-
atives can gravely sit here and debate the question
whether the waters of the ocean or gulfs are mat-
ters granted to the Chiriqui company or whether
it can grant them to us? Is there a possibility,
under the laws of nations, that this company
could have any right whatever to transfer these
privileges to the United States? If there is no
possibility, why was it put into the contract, ex-
cept to mislead us as to the benefits under this
contiact ? It could have been put there for no
other purpose. The Secretary, when he made
this condition, must have made it with a knowl-
edge that such rights were not the subjects of
transfer. Sir, allow me to recapitulate the points
I have endeavored to keep in view: first, the coal
grant is simply nothing; second, the right to
transport troops and munitions of war, &c., is cut
off by the very terms of the grant from Costa
Rica; third, the sale to us of harbor rights is void
by the law of nations, and ought not to have been
embraced in the contract.
Then wc come down to the fourth considera-
tion left, upon which this $3GO,000 is to be paid;
and that is, the possible benefits to result from the
construction of this railroad. I do not know what
my colleague over the way means, when he says
that inasmuch as we have sent out this com-
mission, we are bound, in good faith, to ratify
