1861.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
109
36th Cong....2b Sess.
State of the Union—Mr. Nelson.
, Ho. os Reps.
strengtb.daiJy in Tennessee, and all over the South. The
Republicans aie to blame for it. 'iiliey refuse to do any-
thing in Congress. We conservative Union men have this
thrown in our teetl), and we are disarmed and unable to
hold out longer. Of the three divisions of the State, East
Tennessee is tiie only one where the Union party can carry
the day, and we are losing ground. If the Republicans do
not join in a compromise between this and the 4th of March,
Tennessee will go out of the Union. I am candid in this,
and you know how I stand, and how I have fought seces-
sion."
Mr. FOUKE. I wish to call the attention of
the gentleman from Maine to a resolution offered
at last session of Congress by the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Blake.]
Mr. SPAULDING. I object to its being
read.
Mr. BURNETT. I hope the resolution will
be read. 1 sent for it myself. While the gentle-
man from Tennessee is doing justice to the Re-
publican party, I hope that this record of theirs,
particularly as it concerns the gentleman from
Maine, [Mr. Morse,] may go to the country.
Mr. SPAULDING. I object to its being
read.
Mr. BURNETT. The gentleman from Ten-
nessee can read it himself.
Mr. NELSON. I do not know what this is,
but I will read it for the accommodation of the
gentleman. I confess that the manner in which the
rules of this House are enforced has never struck
my fancy particularly; but when gentlemen ask
me to read something, 1 will do so for their ac-
commodation, whether I desire to read it or not.
Mr. Nelson then read, from the House Journal
of last session, the following preamble and reso-
lution offered by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Blake:]
" Whereas the chattelizing of humanity and the holding
of persons as property is contiary to natural ju-stiee and the
fundamental principles of our political system, and is noto-
riously a k'proaeh to the country thioughout the civilized
woiid, and a serious hindiance to the piogrc^s of Republi-
can liberty among the nations of the earth: Theiefore,
" Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciaty be, and
the same is hereby, instructed to inquire into the expe-
diency of reporting a bill giving freedom to every human
being and interdicting slavery whereverCongtess has the
constitutional power to legislate on the subject.
" The question having been put, ' Will the House agree;
to the lesolution ?' it was decided m the negative—yeas, 60,
nays 109."
Mr. McKNiGHT. Will the gentleman also
call attention to the fact that on the same day. 1
believe, a member on the Democratic side of the
House introduced a resolution, which was adopted
by unanimous consent, that the Committee on
the Judiciary inquire whether the mechanics and
woikingmen of New England should or should
not be reduced to slavery?
Mr. ELAKE. I wished only to say that I
offered those resolutions merely as a matter of
inquiry, to be sent to a committee of this House;
that I never entertained, for a moment, the idea
that we had any power or control over slavery ill
the States. I never saw any Republican who
claimed any such power under the Constitution.
1 desire to enter my protest agamstany construc-
tion that will carry the resolution to any such ex-
tent as has been given to it by gentlemen on the
other side of the House.
Mr. BURNETT. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, just behind me, states that on the same
day a resolution was offered by a gentleman on
the Democratic side of the House instructing a
committee to inquire whether the people of New
England should or should not be reduced to sla-
very. Now, sir, 1 say that such a resolution was
never offered by a member on this side of the
House on that day, or on any other day. Here
is the resolution to which, 1 presume, the gentle-
man referred, and which I will read:
" Resolved. That the Committee of Ways and Means be
instiucted to inquire into tiie expediency of, and if deemed
fit, leportu bill tor, emancipating tin* laboring men and
women engaged in &hoemaking in the ^tate of Massachu-
setts Irom the tyranny of the 4 capital-" men in that State, by
repealing all duty on hoots and shoes,leather,and all other
imported articles used ni their business."
Mr. McKNiGHT. Now I ask the gentleman
from Kentucky whether that resolution does not
recognize the laboring men of Massachusetts as
slaves?
Mr, BURNETT. No, sir; it is merely to in-
quire into the expediency of emancipating them
from the tyranny of the capitalists of New Eng-
land.
Mr. BLAKE. "Will the gentleman from Ten-
nessee yield to me for a single moment more?
Mr. NELSON. Iam told by gentlemen around
me that I must not yield further; but I will give
way to the gentleman for explanation.
Mr. BLAKE. I wish to make one single fur-
ther remark. I wish to say not only that there
was no intention on my part, in offering that res-
olution, to recognize the right to interfere with
slavery in the States, but that it is not, in my
judgment, capable of any such construction.
Mr. MORSE. Will my friend from Tennessse
yield to me for one minute to reply to a remark
made to me ?
Mr. NELSON. I fear that if I yield now, some
other gentleman will then claim the same cour-
tesy. I prefer to go on, as gentlemen all around
me insist that I shall clo so.
Mr. Speaker, an argument, which I omitted to
mention, in regard to the Missouri compromise
line, is one which I have no doubt will suggest
itself to every gentleman*, but, at the same time,
it should not be omitted. What is that? It is,
that it will give peace and repose to the larger-
portion of the South—perhaps to all; perhaps to
every southern State. I cannot undertake to speak
for South Carolina, because the spirit of disunion
has been rampant there for many years, and be-
cause they desire to destroy the Union for other
reasons not connected with the question of sla-
very. But the adoption of the Missouri compro-
mise line would settle this question. I will not
say that, if the Republicans refuse to give us any-
thing more than they have given us in the report
of the committee, I will advise the people of Ten-
nessee to secede from the Union, and encounter
all the horrors of civil war. I will not undertake
to say that if they will go no further, I will ad-
vise resistance. But what I have to say is, that
the argument I present to you to-day is addressed
to your intelligence and patriotism, and not de-
signed to operate upon the fears of gentlemen; not
designed to prevent them from coming up to the
requirements of the emeigency in which they are
placed; arguments fairly addressed to men who
are my equals; men who have as much right to
sit here as I have; men who have still the good of
our common country at heart, and who, instead
of using the power which they possess for the
purpose of coercing the southern States into obe-
dience by civil war, should exercise a generous
magnanimity, and grant those just demands which
cannot injure them, but, by restoring peace, will
benefit ttie whole country.
Now, Mr. Speaker, as it is said that the cause
of secession is gaining strength m Tennessee, I
wish to say a few words—more, i confess, for the
ear of the people of thatSfato, than fortius House.
I wish to any to the people of Tennessee, that
they, m the exercise of their rights as freemen,
should survey the ground well, over which dis-
union asks them to tread. They should look at
the origin of this movement, and to the instru-
mentality which has been used to bring it about.
They should remember that in the cotton States
—ay, sir, among Democrats who have rejoiced
in all time past to magnify and glorify the power
of the people—the men who have led this move-
ment have not deigned to consult the people at
all in regard to what they have done. They have
not condescended to let them vote for secession or
no secession. I have no doubt that if the great
heart of the southern people could be exhibited
here to-day, the result would show that there are
hundreds and thousands of men even in South
Carolina who, if they could be permitted to speak,
would say they were against civil war, and against
disunion. I doubt not that such is the fact in
every southern State. But the tyranny of a des-
i potic majority is there—a tyranny more to be
| dreaded than musketiy or batteries. Freemen are
■ so situated that they dare not speak their true
j thoughts, i would invoke the people of Tennes-
[ see also to remember the prophetic language, as
i it turns out to be, of Mr. Yancey: " We shall
i fire the southern heart, instruct the southern mind,
give courage to cach other; and, at the jirujjer mo-
ment, by one organized, concerted action, we can
precipitate the cotton States into a revolution." Not
three years have elapsed since Mr. Yancey thus
wrote. How wondrously has the southern heart
been fired ! How rapidly have seceding States
given courage to each other I With no time for
popular deliberation, the concerted movement long
meditated has precipitated, hurried them head-
long, into revolution; and now they groan under
taxation and prostrate credit, and hear " the thun-
der of the captains and the shouting."
If the people of Tennessee will Took well into
the manifesto of South Carolina, in which she
declares her independence, they will see to what
straits those who prepared that document were
reduced, in order to find any plausible ground on
which to place the disunion of that State. It is
not alone upon the slavery question. There are
other and older issues with which the other south-
ern States can have but little sympathy. Let the
people of Tennessee, before they join the seces-
sion movement, direct their attention further to
the fact that Governor Gist, in one of his mes-
sages to the Legislature of South Carolina, as-
sumed the duty of alluding, in a manner which,
when carefully considered, is exceedingly offens-
ive, to what he is pleased to call " the border
States." I will not undertake to quote his lan-
guage literally; but I remember he said in sub-
stance, in that message, that he desired thorn to
enact a law to prevent the introduction of slaves
into their State from the border States, and that
one effect of such legislation will be, that the bor-
der States will be forced to join the secession
movement, or to emancipate their slaves, or that
our (< confederates/' as he chooses to call them,
will do it for us. What is this but an attempt to
force the border States, against their will, into
the revolution ?
This movement has been carried on to com-
pletion in South Carolina, without consultation
with the border States as to her secession and
hostile acts. She first put herself in the attitude
of rebellion against the Government; the other
cotton States have followed in their turn; and
now, whether right or wrong, willing or unwill-
ing, they desire to drag us into the whirlpool of
disunion. As a Tennesseean, I desire to raise
my voice against being driven into civil war. I
protest against tyranny from any quarter what-
ever—against the tyranny that is attempted to be
practiccd upon us in the North, when they would
force opinions upon us contrary to our will, and
against this fiercer tyranny in the South, that
proclaims fidelity to the Union treason, and would
drag every southern State into the vortex of civil
war.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. I hope the
gentleman will yield to me. I understand him to
say, in the first place, that Governor Gist at-
tempted to coerce the border States into revolution,
by proposing the enactment of laws against the
intioduction of their slaves into the cotton States,
in response, 1 ask him whether he does not know
the fact to be that almost all the southern States
had statutes, previous to the secession movement,
similar to the one indicated ? I understand that
such laws are upon the statute-books of Missis-
sippi, Louisiana, North Carolina, and Georgia.
And I understood the gentleman from Tennes-
see to make another charge. He asserts that
South Carolina attempted to precipitate the cot-
ton States into revolution and civil war without
having consulted the border States. Does he not
know that shortly after the John Brown raid—a
little over a year ago—South Carolina proposed
a conference of the southern States on this very
subject; and on account of the peculiar situation
of Virginia, she sent to that State one of herablest
men, Mr. Memminger, who presented all the rea-
sons for a conference of the border States with the
southern States? Does not the gentleman know
that fact, and docs he not remember that that con-
ference was declined ?
Mr. NELSON. My answer to the first question
which is propounded to me is this: that I have not
examined all the laws of the southern States on
the subject to which the gentleman refers: but
taking it for granted that there have been and are
such statutes as the gentleman from North Car-
olina states, the point of my remark has not yet
been met. What was the object I had in view in
referring to the message of the Governor of South
Carolina? It was to call the attention of the House
and the country, and particularly of my own State,
to the great fact that the Governor of the State of
South Carolina gives, as a reason for the enact-
