MO
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 25,
36th Cong-. ... 2d Sess.
State of the Union—Mr. Nelson.
Ho. of Reps.
intent of this law, that then the border States will
be compelled to abolish slavery—to join the south-
ern confederacy, or their northern confederates
would abolish it for them. I regard that, sir, as
an insult to the State of Tennessee. I regatd itas
an insult to all the border States. Free as lie is,
having the same rightsunderthe Constitution that
he has, I regard itas an insultfrom the Governor of
one of the States to say that " we will compel you
by indirection to join our movement, whether you
are willing to do it or not." I can say, so far as
the people of Tennessee ore concerned, unless I
greatly misapprehend their sentiments and feel-
ings, they are not a people to be coerced, either
by- the North or by the South. The men whose
fathers fought at King's Mountain; the men who
themselves fought at Talladega, at Emuckfaw, at
the Horse Shoe, and upon the plains of New Or-
leans, and who sent their sons to fight at Mon-
terey; whose blood, sir, was poured out like water
at Cerro Gordo and Chepultepec; such men, Mr.
Speaker, never will submit to dictation from any
Quarter under the heavens, be it North or be it
South. [Applause.] No, sir; they will not do
it. I say to the people of Tennessee that they
should resist this attempt to coerce them to do
what they are otherwise unwilling to do; resist
it, if need be, with arms, and unto the death. Itis
an insult that freemen ought not submit to. If
Tennessee chooses to go out of the Union, let it
be done by the deliberate and voluntary act of her
own sons, without constraint, and without coer-
cion. Let her go not as a seceder; but in a man-
ner worthy of the volunteer State. Let her, like
our revolutionary sires, have the boldness to go
as a rebel,because she thinks the Government has
oppressed her, and because she has determined to
throw off the yoke and risk all consequences.
But, Mr. Speaker, I was going on to say, when
interrupted, that this secession movement does
not commend itself to the people of the State of
Tennessee, either in the manner or the circum-
stances under which it was gotten up, or in the
arguments by which it has been supported,or in
that last argument of arms by which it is at-
tempted to be carried through. It has other ob-
jections tlmt our people in Tennessee will soon
feel if theyfall into the movement. Whatare they?
From the accounts which we get from South Caio-
lina, the people in that State are already gioaning
under taxation—a heavy,intolerable burden; and
if the people of the State of Tennessee are seduced
into this rebellion, they will soon find that the
tax gatherer will be at every door. If his visits
are not agreeable now, when we are taxed less
heavily than any other people, what will they be
when he comes, as it were, with a whip of scor-
pions in his hand ? Let the border States rush
to war to ovoid anticipated evils which may never
comc, and we will not only suffer in the matter
of taxation, but in every other respect in which
it is possible for a people to suffer.
I ask the people of Tennessee, when they see
this secession movement organized and carried
out by preconcert; when they rememberthat some
of its advocates declared, openly, (hat they had
meditated it for twenty years, and long before
the Republican party was dreamed of; when they
rcflect that the slavery question has been seized
hold of, not bceause of its intrinsic importance,
but because it could be aitfully used to favor
disunion, long contemplated on other grounds;
when they see that, notwithstanding all the wrong
that has been done us by the North, there has
been perversion and misrepresentation in the
South m regard to the purposes of a great polit-
ical party 111 the North; when they see alt that,
I ask them whether they are willing to submit to
heavy taxation m order to build up the rich na-
bobs of the South, and, perchance, to establish
a monarchy, with kings and lords and dukes
and grandees to ride, booted and spuircd, ovei
their prostrate liberty? No, sh; if war is to
come upon us, if civil discord is to reign where
peace so sweetly smiled before, the men who will
have to fight the battles will not be your partisan
leaders, who desire to be colonels and captains,
majors and generals,governors and ministers; but
it will be the farmers, the mechanics, and the la-
boring men of the country. 1 ask them—and I
would toGod that my voice could echo and reecho
fioin one end of mv State to the other—are thev
willing to submit to this in order to build up a
pampered aristocracy in the South ? [Applause.]
Are they willing to do it in order to establish a mil-
itary despotism in the South ? For, Mr. Speaker,
not the least of all the evils which threaten us in
the southern States, is the danger of military dom-
ination. Already we hear
 " the trump and the drum,
And ihe mournful sound of the barbarous liorn,
And the flap of the banners that flit a? they're borne,
And the neigh of the steed and the multitude's hum."
The clash and the shouts are yet to come 1
Beware of polished blades and gilded epaulets.
They may be used to crush yourselves. We have
seen a great political movement, which gentlemen
ludicrously call "peaceable secession," suddenly
assume' all the pomp and circumstance of glorious
war, by arming and proposing to arm the whole
of the southern States. How easy for ambition
to turn this movement against the liberties of the
people? Peaceable secession! and yet the whole
of the southern States in arms. This is the man-
ner in which they are attempting to carry out a
long premeditated plot; and now, throughout the
southern States, the despotism of military power is
beginning to be felt. Cockades are 111 the ascend-
ant, and the plowshares may rust. A reign of
terror is already beginning to trammel free speech
in the South; and I doubt not that in many places
the iron heel of military power is felt, and men
opposed to rashness and precipitancy dare not
speak as freemen should speak, and as they would
wish to speak, against secession. Let the people
of Tennessee awake, arouse ! Let them remem-
ber that" eternal vigilance is the price of liberty."
Let them open their eyes and beliold a danger at
their doors more imminent, if possible, than that
of Black Republicanism. Let them beware of mili-
tary conquerors—and let the whole land beware
of them; for, sir, if we shall overthrow the peace-
ful institutions which we have so long enjoyed;
if we shall dissolve the Union of the American
States, some Caesar or Napoleon will soon trample
down the liberties of the people and destroy the
last hope and the last vestige of freedom upon the
earth. How will the tyrants and despots of the
world, who have delighted to deride fice govern-
ment, "laugh at our calamity, and mock when
our fear cometh !" Let our people in Tennes-
see,and everywhere else, gather around our tem-
ple of liberty; and—determined to oppose taxa-
tion, military despotism, a war of the sections,
and strife such as earth has never seen—may
they, with their own mighty arms, sustain its
falling columns. Arc the people of Tennessee
willing to have it totter and fall, and crumble into
nothingness? Are you, gentlemen of the North,
disposed to drive us into the mad career of rebel-
lion by brute force? Remember that the Repub-
lican party was opposed by a largo party in the
North; that all the power is not in your own
hands; and that your laboring men, thrown out
of employment and begging for bread, may turn
upon you and refuse to light your battles. God
forbid that such determination should enter your
minds! May you all be inspired by an earnest
and ardent desire to save the border States, to save
the southern States—ay, to save even South Car-
olina ! for, notwithstanding her people have acted
wiekedly, notwithstanding I believe that wicked-
ness has been deliberate, yet I cannot forget that
South Carolina,although she professes otherwise,
is still one of the States of this Confederacy: I
cannot recognize her claim to secession. I re-
member something of her past glory. I remem-
ber that Fort Moultrie—not of the present day,
but of the Revolution—was gallantly and nobly
defended. I remember, orthink I remember, that
in the battles with Mexico the sons of South Car-
olina marched side by side with the sons of New
Yoik, and leaving their bones amid its burning
sands, covered their State with imperishable re-
nown. I would invite her back; I would woo her
to come back into this happy family of States by
every term of entreaty, by every invocation that
is suggested by her former glory or her present
gloom. Wiongly as she has acted, I would im-
plore her to return, without humiliation and with-
out dishonor, to our sisterhood of S'ates. What-
ever enors she may have committed, she is bone
of our bone and flesh of our flesh. Her daughters
hrivc married oui sour, and our daughters have
married her sons, and there should be no relentless
strife between us. That is the feeling I have, not
only toward South Carolina, but all the rebellious
States. Wrongly as I think she has acted—
wrongly as the other southern States have acted—
let them retrace their steps, and let us demean
ourselves justly toward each other as States, as
communities, and as individuals.
Mr. Speaker, I have, in my remarks, addressed
myself m part to the people of Tennessee; but I
would not forget that we are not the Representa-
tives merely of the States or districts from whence
we came. We arc the Representatives of the whole
American people; and to that great constituency
let me solemnly appeal. Why shall we destroy
this Government? Is it because it was an easy
matter to establish it? Go back to the days of the
Revolution, and behold your fathers proscribed
as traitors, abandoning their homes to the deso-
lations of their foes, now flying before them, and
then, half armed and almost naked, turning back
upon their pursuers, with the blood trickling* at
every step from their unshod feet upon the frozen
ground; and when you remember these and a
thousand other hardships they endured, consider
that liberty and union were purchased at too great
a cost to be madly thrown away. Ask the old
soldiers who fought in the war of 1812, was it for
this that they slept upon the damp, cold earth,
without tents to shield them from the pitiless pelt-
ings of the storm ? Was it for this that they suf-
fered hunger and thirst, and periled their lives in
many a battle t
Why shall we destroy our Government? It
has given us wise laws; and no nation has ever
prospered like our own. How wondrous has been
its growth! Go back in imagination but twelve
short years. Look out upon the broad prairies
beyond the Mississippi. Far as the eye can reach
behold the long procession of emigrants; and,
almost before the mind can conceive-the thought,
California becomes a State and San Francisco the
New York of the Pacific !
Now gaze upon the mighty ocean. See one of
our noble ships 4< careering over the waves."
" She walks the waters like a thing of life,
And seems to dare the elements to ante,"
Wherever she goes, whatever port she enters,
there is not a despot on earth who would dare to
interfere with crew or cargo. Whyisthis? Itisbe-
causeshecarries the star-spangled banner; and that
symbol of our Union and our strength bears wit-
ness to the whole world that we have the will and
the power to protect our citizens abroad as well
as at home:
" Forever float that standard sheet!
Wheie breathes the foe but falls before us ?
With freedom's* soil beneath our feet.
And freeodom's banner streaming o'er us."
Why should we destroy our Government? The
liberty we enjoy is not simply the work of the
seven years' war of the Revolution It is there-
suit of centuries of contest. Although the great
charter of British freedom Was granted ages ago,
it required the struggle of ages to secure it. The
memory of that struggle was handed down to our
fathers, and inspired them to the mighty work
which they accomplished. Thfere is not a provis-
ion in any of our bills of rights which may not
be said to have been purchased with the tears and
groans of a thousand years. If it be possible for
those who have " shuffled off this mortal coil" to
take an interest in the affairs of earth, how ear-
nestly are our departed patriots gazing upon our
country now ! Methinks I can almost see their
shadowy forms, and hear the rustling of their
angel wings. George Washington is looking down
upon us, and with solemn earnestness admon-
ishes us to cherish an undying love for the Union,
and frown indignantly upon every effort to dis-
solve it. Andrew Jackson sneaks to his friends,
declaring, "the Federal Union, it must be pre-
served." The gallant Harry of the West is hov-
ering over us, and, in trumpet tones, proclaims:
" I am called upon to say when I will consent to
a dissolution of this Union: my answer is, never!
Never! Never!"
My countrymen, let us heed these warning
voices. Let us settle all our controversies iu the
Union. Oh, trust not to that last delusive argu-
ment of the secessionists, that this Government,
otve d;.s?olved, ean be reconstructed. That will
