-694
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 1,
thfe contract. I suppose that the sole object for
which that commission was sent was to ascertain
whether the matter was practicable or important,
before weshould ratify the contract. Its object
was to see whether we should receive any ad-
vantage from a ratification of tKp contract. The
contract was one which was made to depend upon
its ratification by Congress, and the only means
Congress had to obtain information upon the sub-
ject was to send a commission there to make a
survey, and reportits conclusions. Congress with-
held its judgment until that report came in; and
upon the facts thus furnished, it will decide this
question. It is simply a matter of policy, and
not a question of good faith. My colleague says
thatthiscommissionhas established beyond ques-
tion the practicability of this route. It may be
so; but before that shall pass out of the mind of
the committee, I desire to call their attention to
two or three important facts bearing upon this,
the only remaining branch of the subjcct to which
I intend to speak. I have already said, in refer-
ence to the grant from the Government of Gra-
nada, there is nQ railroad contemplated therein.
It simply contains a right to improve an old pro-
vincial road. I have shown that the only right
to build a railroad is that which has been derived,
since our last session, from Costa Rica; and if
you will look into that you will find that the grant
itself only extends through a period of sixty years,
and that it is made to depend upon a provso, that
this road shall be built and put into operation,
with locomotives upon it, within six years from
last July. A failure in this respect works a for-
feiture of the grant; and there is a further condi-
tion, that no part of that grant shall be trans-
ferred—a transfer to work a forfeiture of all the
privileges therein named.
Now, when the committee shall have sur-
mounted all these difficulties; when they shall
have become satisfied that this Chiriquicompany
will and can build this road within five years from
July next; when they shall be satisfied that they
can mducctheGovernmcntofCostailiea to forego
a forfeiture, by reason of the transfer of a portion
of this grant to aforeign.Govcrnment—then 1 beg
that they will still turn back with me for a mo-
ment and look at the practicability of the con-
struction of this road as established by this sur-
vey. I do not say but that the report shows the
construction of tilts road to be entirely practicable;
but I say this, and I beg the House to note it, that
this report shows most conclusively that in vari-
ous places, and in one instance, for a distance of
six and a half miles, you cannot reduce the grade
below two hundred and seventy feet to the mile,
unless by tunneling through granite rock for a
distance of four and a half miles. Unlc ss you re-
sort to tunneling, the average grade of the road is
from iwo hundred and seventy to three hundred
feet per mile. And this grade ran only be ob-
tained by doubling or running back and forth. A
straight track would give a grade of five hundred
feet per mile. The report shows that there is no
chance to lower the grade by increasing the length
of the road.
I put the question to the very intelligent en-
gineer who made this survey, if he knew of a
single road, either in this country or Europe, that
was working upon such a grade? And I under-
stood him to say he did not; but he believed that
the working of such a road was practicable. I
do not know but it is. I do not put my opinion
against the opinions of the gentlemen who make
this report, but I put their opinions against the
practice of the whole world; and therefore X have
added to the amendment of the chairman of the
Committee on Naval Affairs a proviso, to make
sure that the experiment of overcoming such
grades shall be a successful one. To show that I
am not mistaken in regard to this thing, the House
will indulge me while I refer to the report; because
I desire to do justice to all parties in reference to
this matter. _ The gentleman who had charge of
this commission makes the point—very strangely,
it appears to me—that one of the grounds of the
practicability of thisjroad is, that there are some
capital places for building forts and fortifications
there. And he starts out,atpage23 of this report,
as follows:
"The manner in which such road, supposing it to be
completed and its haibors fortified and gainsoned, would
add to the defensive strength of the United Stares and in-
crease the cohesion between iis Pacific and eastern divis-
ions, and the facilities for aggressive warfare, in wither
hemisphere, that it would afford them, and the general con-
trol over the entire western continent, which rhey wotild
be in a position to acquire, are points which bear on the
question of practicability."
It may be so. I do not know how extensive
this thing is. If we are to buy the whole right
of aggressive warfare, and the entire control of
the western continent, with all the other advant-
ages of the Chiriqui company, for $300,000, I
should consider it exceedingly cheap, when we
have fairly entered upon that kind of speculation.
But, when our own Government is breaking under
our feet, and when the Treasury is bankrupt, I
submit, Mr. Chairman, that these dreams are a
little wild in regard to buying all the rest of crea-
tion, unless we buy it for the purpose of moving
out of this country into another.
Now, sir, in regard to the grade. I shall dis-
miss from the discussion this question of forts and
fortifications. J am unable to sec how the ques-
tion of fortifications, and of aggressive warfare,
has anything to do with themattcrof grades, and
shall therefore proceed at once to consider the
character of the country through which this rail-
road is proposed to be built. 1 read,again,from
pages 6 and 7, in the report.
<c In attempting to impartageneial idea of the topograph-
ical features of the countiy, I find it contributes to perspi-
cuity to mingle with the description some theoretical views
in regard to its foimation. It would appear that, at an
epoch not very remote, geologically speaking, the chain of
mountains which forms the backboneot this point of Cen-
tral America was upheaved fiom beneath the watei level,
and that the Isthmus of Chiriqui at fiist consisted simply
of the great longitudinal udgewith its oilVhoots or spuis,
whose rocky sides rose out of tiie sea, with no mteivemng
plain or swamp between their basso and deep water. The
ccutial ridge hasagencial direction of nearly eastand west;
it seems to be formed of a succession of cones or peaks,
fiom each of which tadiate spurs likewise fmnihlied with
their secondary offshoots. Where these mtericie with each
other, there results a complication of lavines and preci-
pices that defies descuption; but at two or throe points the
system is arranged with some lCgulanty, and the countiy,
though wild, is not impracticable. The lirtyes are, through-
out, exceeding!; shaip; on those of the mam *pui-. tin're l**
seldom moie room than is needed fur the double tiack of a
taihoad, while on the secondary one* tlieie )•; often hardly
width enough for a pathway for loot travelers.''
I cite this, Mr. Chairman, for the purpose of
showing the utter impossibility, as appears from
the report, of getting over the difficulty of these
grades by increasing the length of your track.
You must either take these grades as you find
them oil the survey, or you must tunnel through
the mountain, oi abandon the railroad scheme.
There is no way to avoid these difficulties.
Mr. ALDRICH. May I ask a question?
Mr. POTTLE. Certainly.
Mr. ALDRICH, The Chair stated yesterday
that the gentleman from Minnesota was out of
order. I rise for the purpose of inquiring if it is
in order for the Chair to read while the gentleman
from New York is addressing the committee?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks it cer-
tainly is. The gentleman from New York will
proceed.
Mr. I^OTTLE. If the gentleman from Min-
nesota will give, me his atreution, 1 will cheerfully
excuse the inattention of the Chair.
We have, at the very starting point on the Pa-
cific side, from twelve to twenty miles where the
land is mere oozy mud. Thcie the track would
have to be constructed on piles, and anyone who
is even slightly acquainted with railroad opera-
tions knows how expensive such a track would
be. Passing from that, the report says:
kk From this point the savanna has a natural average as-
cent of a hundied and ninety-live feet to the mile for three
andaquaitei miles,namely: to the stone wall bounding Don
Lorenzo's laud, marked station eight on the pioiile between
the latter point and the hacienda, another distance of tluce
and a quaiter miles, (if the bunk of the Caldeia canon is
followed,) the rise is two hundied and sixty-two leetpei
mile; from tho hacienda the line will be laid along the con-
tinuation of the savanna at the ban-c of the volcano, clos-
ing a ravine in its couise, a distance of fom and a half
miles, when it ai lives opposite the foot of the valley which
descends on the opposite side of the Caldera canon from
the pas>s ; the gtade on this division is a bandied and forty-
two feet per mile. It should be remarked that, as a higher
level is reached on the savannas, they become more undu-
lating and broken, and their declivity sweater; the lesser
grade on the last-mentioned part of the line being due to
the fact of the savanna being crossed obliquely to its great-
est slope, and lathei in a nan-veise than longitudinal direc-
tion. There K however, no doubt as to the practicability
of laying a track on any pan of the savanna*, oi m regard
to the line reaching the Caideia eroding without any un-
usual difficulties; the steepm^s of the guide between sta-
tion eight and the hacienda cannot be avoided, on account
of the savanna being confined within the two canons so as
to prevent a development of the hue, but this grade is not
higher than others which are equally necessitated beyond,
and which, it will be seen, are to be regarded as not excess-
ive or beyond tho limits of advantageous working.
"From the last-mentioned station, the line has to be
crossed over the Caldeiacaiion on a trestle-work viaduct;
it then enters the valley at whose nead is the pass, and can-
not ascend to the latter on an average grade ic^s than that
of the axis of the valley, which is two hundied and ninety-
one feet per mile, unless resoit is had to some other expe-
dient to gain length of lino than any generally used in rail-
roading. Winding up the summit on ordinal y grade.-, is
almost precluded on account of the declivity, not only of
Jekyll'srivei, which drains the valley, but of all the streams
in the tiact between the cafion and the summit, being greater
than the limit of such grades. As this difficulty is met with
in a much greater degree beyond the summit in the tract
which 13 comprehended between the watershed and the
line parallel to it, and about twelve miles from it, it will be
well to discuss it in connection with both these portions of
the road. For the present if will suffice to state that the
track on this, the upper six and a half miles of the Pacific
slope can be located on a grade of not over two hundred
arid ninety feet to the mile, and that such grade will con-
form to tiie higher grades on the other slope, so that the
same engines and trains can be worked without changes
over the contiguous poitions of both slopes; and that, a-* it
can be shown tiiat such grade is within the limits ofpiac-
ticability and piofitable woikinc, there is no necessity for
resorting to any expedients, much less unusual ones or of
doubtful advantage, to gain length of line in order to dimin-
ish the grade.
Here is a grade unknown to modern railroads,
which cannot possibly be avoided; but it is stated
in the report that there are other grades much
higher. The idea of building a road with such
grades, as a freight road, I regard as the veriest
chimera of the brain. Yet the engineer says that
that is nothing to the next grade, and that, he
says, "is to be considered as practicable," and
within tho line of advantageous working. Well,
we will pass on from this. What next ?
" Theie is a remarkable transition between the upper por-
tion of the Pacific slope, which subsides in the pass to a
dead level, and the contiguous pait of the Atlantic slope.
The stream which flows into Chiriqui lagoon, oait of the
swamp at the summit, descends at first with a declivity
which aveiages one thousand and fifty-five feet per mile,
and meeting the chief branch of the Culebra continues down
to the foiks of that river with an average fall of three hun-
dred and lorty-seven feet to the mile ; the whole descent,
in seven and a quarter miles, being tour thousand two hun-
died and nine feet, or five hundred andeighty feet permiie
on an aveiage, on tiie shoitest natural valley line between
the summit and the lorks. In this tract of country it would
prubablj be necess.uy, in Older to locate a line of oidmaiy
grade—savnot over one hundred andeighty feet to the mile—
to ie«oit to the expedient which was oiigmally, I believe,
practiced by ;Yjh. JLatrobc oil the tempoiary track fust laid
on the U.iltimore and Ohio railroad, namely: of 1 doubling*
tiie line on the sides of the valley. The chief difficulty of
this plan lies at the turns, where it is proposed by Etuopean
engineers to tunnel into the side slope on a shuueuive
whifh shall bung out the tiacic at a higher level than it
cntuied."
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. STANTON. I may desire to say a word
or two in regard to this subject before it is dis-
posed of; but in the absence of the chairman of the
special committee of thirty-three, I desire now, for
the benefit of some gentlemen who wish to speak
to the special order to-day, to move that the com-
mittee rise.
Mr. POTTLE. Will the gentleman give way
to me for a few minutes, that 1 may conclude my
remarks ?
Mr. STANTON. Certainly.
Mr. POTTLE. I shall not trespass on the pa-
tience of the House more than a few minutes. I
was entirely unaware of the length of time 1 had
consumed by these rambling remarks.
I wish, in conclusion, to say that I had not
reached the tunnel through the mountain of rock
of four and a half miles. I had just begun to con-
sider the difficulty of the grades when my time
expired. But I shall leave all this to be consid-
ered, as I know it will be, by those who are much
more com netent to present these facts to the
House. What I wish to say in conclusion is this,
and only this: I have no disposition to do injus-
tice to t his Chiriqui company, or to any person con-
cerned in this contract; and still less have I, as a
Representative of this Government, any disposi-
tion to do injustice to the Government whose in-
terests are, in part, placed in my charge. I be-
lieve this railroad to be utterly impracticable, if
there were any grant for it, and I do not believe
there is a grant; and if there be a grant, and if ihc
road be practicable, I know that the very terms
of the grant preclude the transferring of any of
its privileges to others. I hope, sir, that, however
I may differ on the general merits of this case
with the committee or the House, when this ques-
tion shall come into the House, members will, at
least, feel disposed to sustain the reasonable pro-
viso which I have attached as an amendment to
