1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
the enti, that we shall have some of these benefits
before we pay out this §300,000. We should not
make haste to pay to this Chiriqui company from
an exhausted Treasury $300,000, and leave it to
 them > as a moie point of lion oi, whether they will
make any return to us for the money.
Mr. STANTON. I understand the gentleman
from Texas [Mr. Hamilton1] desires to speak on
the special order to-day, and peihaps some other
gentlemen. "With a view of enabling them to do
so, 1 move that the committee do now rise.
Mr. HOLMAN. I wish to suggest an amend-
ment to the proposition of the gentleman from
New York.
The CHAIRMAN. No other amendment is
in order at this time.
The question was taken; and Mr. Stanton's
motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Burnett reported that
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union had had under consideration the special
order, being the Senate amendments to the bill (H.
No. 866) to supply deficiencies in the appropria-
tions for the fiscal yearending June 30,1861, and
had come to no conclusion thereon.
ENKOLLED BILL.
Mr. DAVIDSON, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that they had examined and
found truly enrolled a bill (S. No. 64) to author-
ize the extension and use of a branch of the Alex-
andria, Loudoun,and Hampshire railroad within
the city of Georgetown; when the Speaker signed
the same.
ADVERSE REPORTS.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, asked and
obtained consent to report back from the Com-
mittee on Commerce, the following bill and me-
morials; which were laid on the table, and the
committee discharged from the further consider-
ation theveof:
A bill to continue in force an act therein men-
tioned relating to the port of Baltimore;
Petition of Charles Sowles, praying for a grant
for a ferry over Lake Champlam Irom Allburgh,
Vermont, to Rouse's Point, New York; _
Memorial of ship-owners in Brunswick and
vicinity, State of Maine, asking for certain alter-
ations in the navigation laws;
Communications of State Department relative
to a recent change in the currency of Austria; and
Petition of John Wilder, for a change of law in
regard to steam-boilers.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. TIIEAKER, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported as truly enrolled a bill (H.
R. No. 670) granting an increase of pension to
William G. Bernard, late a soldier in the United
States Army; and a bill (H. It. No. 919) for the
relief of F. M. Beauchamp and Betsy D. Town-
send; when the Speaker signed the same.
PACIFIC RAILROAD BILL.
Mr. CURTIS. I ask unanimous consent to
have the Pacific railroad bill taken from the
Speaker's table.
Mr. GARNETT. I object.
Mr. CURTIS. And that it be made the spccial
order for next Tuesday week.
•Mr. GARNETT. 1 object to its being taken
from the Speaker's table, except in the regular
order of business.
Mr. CURTIS, Well, I ask that the amend-
ments may be printed. Does the gentleman ob-
ject to that?
Mr. GARNETT. No; I do not object to tha.t.
My desire is not to have the position of the bill
changed.
The amendments were ordered to be printed
STATE OF TIIE UNION.
The House then proceeded to the consideration
of the special order, being the report of the select
committee of thirty-three; on which Mr. Hamil-
ton was entitled to the floor.
Mr HAMILTON and Mr. STOKES ad-
dressed the House. [Their remarks will be pub-
lished in the Appendix.] t
Mr. K1LL1NGER obtained the floor.
The SPEAKER stated that, the hour of four
o'clock having arrived, under the oidei of the
House there would be a recess taken until seven
o'clock, p. m.
EVENING SESSION.
The House, at seven o'clock, p. ra., resumed
its session, Mr. Campbell in the chair tjg Speaker
pro tempore.
Mr. KILLINGER. Mr. Speaker, the Federal
Union was the fruit of the experience furnished
by the Articles of Confederation. The Federal
Constitution is the record of the contract entered
into by the people of the United States for purpose;
of mutual interest and domestic tranquillity.^/
This, our matchless system of Government
was established at much cost and large sacrifice.
It has come down to us baptized in the blood of
our revolutionary ancestors, and is associated
with the proudest memories that belong to our
history; it has withstood the corroding touch of
years, the assaults of faction, and the shock of
war. Mutual interests and mutual obligations
are the main pillars of the edifice, and these will
transmit it unimpaired to our latest, posterity. It
cannot expire until the power that breathed vital-
ity into its checks and balances is annihilated,
which was the American people. The echoes of
the thunder of the revolutionary battle-fields have
not yet died away, and the solemn pledges of
life and fortune and sacred honor to its mainte-
nance, still whisper their inspiration! Its author-
ity continues to be supreme on all subjects within
the sphere of its jurisdiction and the lange of its
granted powers; it craves permission from no
power on earth to fulfill its functions, or to per-
petuate its existence; it has no right to abdicate;
it cannot exclude any Slate from its protecting
jegis, nor permit any portion of the people to re-
volt against the duties of a common citizenship.
For the first time in our history wo have to
deal with a deliberate attempt, already partially
consummated, to disrupt the Federal Union.and
oveithrow the Federal Government. We are
daily moving in the midstof the revolution which
contemplates this dire treason to free institutions.
The question, then, which engages us, goes to the
very foundations of our political system, and
necessarily suboidmatcs all mere questions of
governmental policy and administrative reforms,
to its overwhelming magnitude and importance.
It involves the dissolution and reconstruction of
our political system; it threatens to resojve the
Government into its elementary forces; and this
is revolution.
What is our actual condition at this moment?
Several of the States have declared, by solemn or-
dinance, their secession from the rights and duties
reciprocally attaching to the Federal Union. Oth-
ers are likely to follow their example.^ Forts and
arsenals have been seized, and are in the occu-
pancy of the hostile States. The authority of the
laws has been defied; the national flag has been
insultingly trodden under foot; and preparations
are actually threatened to take possession of this
Capitol, and prevent the inauguration of the Pres-
ident elect. So far has the conspiracy progressed
that it is heard in open defiance on the floors of
Congress, and holds within its grasp the sworn
officers of the Government. Those who have
taken solemn obligations to maintain the Consti-
tution inviolate, and to execute the laws made in
pursuance thereof, have yielded a ready oar to its
syren songs of delusion, or been intimidated by
its brazen assurance and impudent menaces, it
has filched from the national Treasury, beggared
the finances, and paralyzed the industry of the
country. It has betrayed the property of the
General Government into the hands of traitors,
and has corrupted the fountains of public moral-
ity and private virtue. In open rebtllion in some
of the States, it has itinerant^ commissioners m
others, and invites revolution in all.
In the face of these things, what is the first step
to bo taken that suggests itself to every patriotic
citizen ? What is the first duty required of every
Representative of the people? Plainly to assert
the dignity of the Government, and to vindicate
the outraged majesty of the law. Wo man's prop-
erty, no man's life, neither our institutions nor
our liberties, are secure,exceptas we maintain the
Government in its integrity. If we had a bond of
fate that the mischief would stop where its limits
are now defined, we might acquiesce, with regret,
but without alarm. But we have 110 such secu-
rity. With the loss of a single State, the arch
tumbles to the ground. The withdrawal of a part
destroys the cohesion of all that remains. The
secession of one State is the signal of a catastrophe
which will leave scarce two States in political
affinity. The only thing possible, short of'an-
archy, is, the Republic, first and last, one antl
indivisible.
It is assumed that the act of secession has placed
the seceding State outside the Union, find that,
therefore, the laws and Constitution of the United
States are no longer operative within her limits.
I will not argue the entire insufficiency of any plea
for secession as a matter of constitutional right.
The concurring judgment of the great men who
framed our institutions, and illustrated them in
lives of honorable usefulness,has pronounced its
utter insufficiency. Washington and Madison,
Jefferson and Jackson, Clay and Webster, all
denied any such right or remedy. They who
hold the heresy misconceive the origin and char-
acter of our Government. It is not "in any sense
the creature of one or more States. It isemphat-
ically the offspring of the popular will. The peo-
ple established it; they gave it a written Constitu-
tion; they enumerated its powers, and they defined
its authority. It contains within itself the means
of self-protection, and the power of decision on
all controverted points, subject,like all popular
Governments, to its responsibility, to the source
of nil power 111 a free country—the people. The
recognition of this principle is the keystone of the
governmental arch. With it, yours is a constitu-
tional Government; without it, it is a mere Con-
federacy, a political partnership, to be dissolved
at the caprice of any one of the associated part-
ners. The Constitution itself, under such a con-
struction, becomes what Webster fitly character-
ized as "a collection of topics for everlasting
controversy, heads of debate for a disputatious
people." _ , .
All controversies, then, must be settled within
the Union; ami there is ample redress afforded for
all legitimate grievances under the Constitution,
which is the written evidence of the rights secured
to and the duties imposed upon the people. It
blesses every path and guards every home.^ It is
the highest law known to us in our capacity of
citizenship, and is entitled to obedience in all its
parts.
As between the border slave States and the free
States, I admit there has been some cause of com-
plaint; but none which cannot be arranged, and
which requires an appeal to the last resort, that
of armed rebellion—bullets instead of ballots!
With the seceding States, the present occasion
only serves as a pretext. We have to deal to-day
with the same spirit of insubordination which
President Jackson curbed by the exercise of his
strong will and the power of the Federal author-
ity. This heresy of secession was in full devel-
opment before slavery, then a matter of purely
local concern, became a part of our national pol-
itics. Jackson then predicted that the negro would,
in time, serve as a pretext for it; and the predic-
tion lias become history. From that day to the
present, the southern mind has been occupied
with vain theories of southern aggrandizement
outside of a Union—which is really the only pro-
tection left in the wide world for its peculiar insti-
tutions—and finally the southern heart has been
fired, and the Gulf States are actually precipitated
into revolution 1
If we intend to he true to our solemn oaths of
allegiance, we must establish the disputed tact
that the Government of the United States still ex-
ists, de jure, de facto, and is the only Government
to be recognized in this country. In the language
of Clay, in a similar exigency, " I am for ascer-
taining whether we have a Government or not-—
practical, efficient, and capable of maintaining its
authority, and of upholding the powers which
belong to a Government." So long as wo have
not asserted the dignity of the Government, we
cannot treat with those who have defied its au-
thority. While menaced with hostility and threat-
ened with violence, we cannot with propriety or
self-respect take a step backward. Until we roll
back the tide of rebellion which threatens to ingulf
us all in a common ruin, overthrow our free in-
stitutions, and subject the people to the iron rule
of a despotic minority, if nota mere military des-
potism, I cannot consent to turn aside from the
plain path of duty to weigh constitutional abstrac-
tions, or pass upon congressional compromises.
Any compromise to which I give my consent
must be accompanied with a distinct renunciation
of the doctrine of secession; otherwise, the se-
