THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 1,
curity which we thus provide for tho present will
guaranty us no indemnity for the future. Tho
civilized world, our own self-respect, our pros-
perity and future stability, are all interested in
that preliminary question. Assert your nation-
ality, and let the Government show itself strong
enough to resist insurrection at home, as well as.
defend itself against aggression from abroad. Do
these things, as it is your sworn duty to do, and
1 will meet the loyal men of the South in their pro-
posed measures of adjustment fully half way . To
disloyal men I have no terms of compromise to
offer. They spurn them in advance, and I will
not humiliate myself to that degree. They have
richly earned the halter and the gibbet; and if
they ever receive their deserts, they will be pun-
ished with the utmost rigor of the law.
It is far from my purpose to increase theirritation
prevailing here and elsewhere. It is not befitting
the dignity of the argument, nor the placein which
lam privileged to speak. Much of the peril which
surrounds us grows out of exasperated feeling;
and while insisting on the maintenance of Fed-
eral authority, and the enforcement of Federal
laws, I seek to inculcate moderation, and to in-
vite the Stales and people who continue loyal to
their constitutional duties, to measures of concil-
iation and peace. The stubborn fact confronts
us that disaffection is rapidly spreading in tho
border slave States, and threatens to overwhelm
otherwise loyal communities. The practical ques-
tion, regardlessof inquiriesinto the causesof dif-
ficulty, comes home to every public man who is
charged with responsibility, whether anything
can and ought to be done, and that speedily, to
stay the tide of rebellion, and check the current
of treason, by strengthening the hands and nerv-
ing the hearts of the true and loyal men in those
States. The importance of meeting this inquiry
in a spirit of fairness and conciliation cannot lie
exaggerated. On its decision may depend the
destinies of the Republic.
On this subject my views have been formed
with some deliberation; and I express them with
diffidence. They differ, in some respects, from
those held by political associates, for whom, per-
sonally, I have regard, and for whose opinions I
cherish respect.
The distinguished Senator from New York,
[Mr. Seward,] in his late able speech, said with
emphasis and propriety, " Republicanism, De-
mocracy, and every other political name,orthing,
are all subordinate and ought to disappear in the
presence of the great question of the Union."
This counsel may be pondered with profit by
such partisans as place party platforms above
constitutional duties. If I were disposed to treat
this discussion simply in the way of partisan
ship,l would counsel an acquiescence in the policy
here indicated; for I am persuaded that the people
at large, of all party attachments, who have to
bear the brunt of the distractions in the country,
who will be expected to carry the musketin case
of actual collision, and who are now unable to
find employment for their willing hands, will not
hold that political party and those public men
guiltless, who are obstinately bent on defeating all
measures of adjustment. "Peace hath her vic-
tories, no less renowned than war;" and if revo-
lution and civil war are indeed at our very doors,
let them not be precipitated upon us until the con-
viction is clear, and justified before God and the
civilized world, that the necessity for it is inevi-
table. Then, our people will meet it with reso-
lution and firmness, as our fathers met the clash
of resounding arms in the days that tried men's
souls as in a furnace of consuming fire. In that
dread extremity, those who bluster loudest now
will prove themselves arrant cowards. The brag-
gart will neither shoulder a musket nor wield a
sword! The Duke of Wellington, in justification
of the concessions which he was willing at one pe-
riod of his eventful life, to make in order to avoid
intestine commotions, said; '■ If 1 could avoid,
by any sacrifice whatever, civil war in the coun-
try to which I am attached, I would give my
life." These noble sentiments commend them-
selves to truly brave men in this emergency.
1 n my jt dgnvmt, the Repuhlican party can well
afford to meet the propositions submitted to this
Congress by the border State members, in a lib-
eiv.l and conciliatory spirit. These States are
Union-loving. Their Representatives, in good
part, are endeavoring by every honorable appli-
ance, to resist the aims and purposes of the se-
cession movement. They are loyal to the Con-
stitutiomp and they are faithful to the Union.
Will we, who represent the great North,encour-
age them to stand by their present proud, though
critical position; or will we by indifference, if not
actual opposition, allow them to be submerged by
the rolling wave of disunion?
v Ln reply to this inquiry, I have been told by
B^iublicans, in and out of Congress, that all com-
promises were finally ended, and that the day for
concession was over. I do not subscribe to any
such narrow and illiberal doctrine. Our-whole
system of government was founded, and continues
to rest, on the opposite theory. If compromise
established, why may not compromise preserve,
the Constitution? When Washington presented
that matchless instrument to Congress, he accom-
panied it with the remark, that it was " the result
of a spirit of amity and of mutual concession,
which the peculiarity of our political situation
rendered indispensable." Are we wiser, purer,
better, than were the patriotic men who framed
our institutions? Widely different as the habits,
institutions, and modes of life of the American
people then were, and continue to be, it is evident
that contrariety of opinion, and differences of all
kinds, must ever be expected to prevail through-
out the country. The patriotic and prudent states-
man will accommodate his legislation to these in-
evitable necessities, and view them from a stand-
point which will embrace all the States, and have
regard to the common brotherhood of all the peo-
ple. For seventy years and upwards this Gov-
ernment has maintained itself in the affections and
respect of the people; and although there have
been stormy periods in our history, there were in
every peril patriotic men found who rose superior
to the paltry instincts of locality and partisanship.
So I hope it may be again, in this the darkest
hour of our history.
The instincts of Pennsylvania prompt to pacific
counsels and moderation. The foundations of the
old Commonwealth were laid deep and enduring
on the basis of peace and good will. Her whole
history has been in keeping with the interesting
event which marked her treaty with the aborigines
beneath the spreading elm at Shackamaxon. As
she is geographically central, so is her policy con-
servative and just. She will mediate with and be-
tween contending States and sentiments, and will
not sacrificc the great interests of a common coun-
try to vain abstractions or idle theories.
I repeat, we can afford to meet the border States
in a conciliatory spirit. The resources of our
section are far greater than are those of their sec-
tion. The flood of emigration from the free States,
joined to that from abroad, is rapidly overflowing
the broad territories which lie beyond the Mis-
sissippi, and the question of territorial govern-
ment is practically settled in favor of free labor.
We are about inaugurating an Administration
which, to say the least, wiil see that fair play is
*shown to free-State men in the organization and
government of the Territories. Washington and
Nebraska, and various others, will soon knock
at our doors for admission as free States. Kan-
sas—her garments dripping with the blood of her
slaughtered martyrs, and her constitution free
from the blot of slavery—long a suppliant, has
been admitted. Her star now blazes on the na-
tional ensign, and justice, long deferred, has been
done to her liberty-loving yeomanry. We are
also on the threshold of the inauguration of the
homestead policy, which will secure tho free labor-
ing men their proper advantages in their conflict
with the privations of frontier life. Itcarries on
its face an ample guarantee that the prairies of the
furthest West will soon be converted into smiling
gardens, in which happy homes will be reared,
and contentment will abound. The passage of the
Pacific rail road bill cannot be delayed much longer;
and it will prove the dawn of a new era, the be-
ginning of an advancing civilization, which will
strengthen with bands of iron the Federal Union,
build cities along its line, delve in the mountains
through which it will pass for mineral treasures,
and make vocal the whole land with its songs of
labor and its hum of industry. To crown all,and
better than all, the Morrill tariff bill is on the eve
of its passage. In its recognition of the principle
of protection to the suffering industrial interests
of the country, I look with confidence as a meas-
ure of peace. Your Treasury is bankrupt, and
increased revenues are indispensable to the opera-
tions of the Government. Your industry is pros-
trate,and your operatives are out of employ. This
measure will bring relief, and that speedily.
All these measures and prospects await us in*
the near future. All we need to make them avail-
able for the prosperity of the country is the resto-
ration of peace and the continuance of the Federal
Union.
Any party that sets itself up obstinately against
any and all propositions which make for peace,
will go down before the indignation of an aroused
people. It is the duty of Republicans to give such
propositions a candid consideration. Not to do
so is virtually to disband the Republican organi-
zation in Pennsylvania, whatever may be its fate
elsewhere. Before Mr. Lincoln is inaugurated,
this District will be the theater of commotion, and
it may be, of violence; unless, before that time,
we can break the back of secession in Maryland
and Virginia. To encourage and sustain the
Union-loving men of those States seems to me to
be a solemn duty—a work of patriotism. I coun-
sel them to stand fast. The loyal men of Penn-
sylvania will lock shields with them; and the bor-
der States, slave and free, will say to the extreme
North and the extreme South: " thus far, and no
further!"
Sir, I deprecate changes of any kind, or for
any purpose, in the organic law of our country.
Nothing but an inevitable necessity will constrain
mo to yield to them. It is a dangerous expediency
to tamper with the Constitution. Once open the
door, and fools will speedily rush in where angels
fear to tread. Better far the gradual amendments
of time and construction than sudden and great
changes. It is by this safe process of innovation
that the British constitution has been gradually
modified and molded to correspond to the growth
of the kingdom and the expanded thought of the
people; and by this combined processof resistance,
and yielding to change, it has preserved itself.
This country has been safe under the Constitution.
Itand the Union, I repeat,are the only defense left
for slavery 111 the civilized world. Those who,
for the sake of slavery, are now endeavoring to
destroy the Union and the Constitution, in my
judgment, have
" Eaten of the insane root
That takes the reason prisoner."
And now to come to the apple of discord—the
territorial question. Practically, the border States
can have small interest in its final settlement.
They have no population to spare, and are more
nearly concerned in the other aspects presented
by the existence of slavery in their midst. The
North claim the right to exclude slavery from the
Territories. It claims this right on constitutional
and moral grounds, because Congress has supreme
power over the. Territories, and, as slavery is an
evil, that power ought to be exerted to keep it
forever out of any region over which the General
Government has jurisdiction. On the other hand,
the South says that the Territories are the national
domain, and as such belong equally to citizens
North and South; that southern men have prop-
erty in their slaves, and therefore it is the duty of
Congress to grant them the protection of the Gen-
eral Government. While it is an utter fallacy to
recognize this right of protection, inasmuch as sla-
very is simply a local institution, relying solely
upon the local law for its existence as well as its
protection, I do not propose to enter upon the ar-
gument'in detail. It is sufficient to say that these
views are diametrically opposite.
In times of great peril, arising from conflict of
opinion and interest, there is usually a happy
medium in which all well-disposed men can meet.
The Missouri line was that happy medium, and
gave peace to the country. It was a pledge of
peace, a compact of brotherhood, a bond of Union.
It said to our fellow-citizens, North and South,
the country is vast, and it is all ours. Let us
cultivate it; render it habitable; clothe its desert
places with harvests, and make its wilderness
laugh with joy. Let us build up here, in these
boundless regions, a great empire of peace and of
liherty for our own and our children's children;
for an example to struggling nationalities abroad;
for the honor of humanity, and the glory of God
No change has taken place in the condition of
the Territories since the adjustment of 1850, ex-
cept that passed at the instance of the slave States
in 1854, which repealed the Missouri compromise.
