1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
dered to be engrossed, and the bill to be read/a
third time. It was read the third time, andpassfed.
MRS. E. A. LINN. kf
Mr. HALE. T laid upon the table yesterday
a resolution in relation to the action of the Secre-
tary of the Senate; and as it is a matter relating
to the order of the proceedings of the body, I move
that it be taken up for disposition. I will indicate
to the Senate the disposition I propose to make of
it at this?time, which is to refer it to the Commit-
tee to Audit and Control the ContingentExpenses
of the Senate; but I propose to occupy the atten-
tion of the Senate about five minutes in stating
some facts.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the following resolution:
Resolved, That the reasons assigned by the Secretary of
tlic Senate for his neslect to obey the Older of the Senate,
made on the 20th of March last, in favor of Mrs. E. A. Linn,
are insufficient and unsatisfactory, and that he be in-
structed forthwith to execute the same.
Mr. HALE. I move that the resolution which
I submitted, and the report of the Secretary, in-
cluding the letterof Mr.Medill, the Comptroller,
be referred to the Committee to Audit and Con-
trol the Contingent Expenses of the Senate, and
upon that motion I wish to say a word or two.
Mr. COLLAMER. Allow me to suggest, as
it involves a question of law, whether it should
not go to the Judiciary Committee.
Mr. HALE. I prefer that it should take the
usual course; and that is my motion. If the Sen-
ate do not agree to it, they can vote it down. I
want to state the history of the case.
This is an order, peremptory on the face of it,
directing the Secretary of the Senate to pay from
the contingent fund a certain sum to Mrs. E. A.
Linn, widow of the late Dr. Linn, a member of
this body. Of the propriety or the impropriety
of the passage of the resolution, I do not propose
to say a single word, because it is a resolution
imperative upon its face, mandatory it its char-
acter, directed to the disbursing officer of this
Senate. The reason for not paying the money
is, that subsequent to its passage, the Secretary
applied to Mr. Medill to know whether, if he
obeyed the order of the Senate, he could be pro-
tected in it; and Mr. Medill answered, that he
could not, and the Secretary prefers to obey Mr.
Medill instead of the Senate; and this mandatory
order of the Senate stands there and is defied by
your Secretary under the advice of Mr. Medill.
Mr. Medill 1 do not know. I know the Secre-
tary, and have known him more than half the
time that lie has been Secretary of this body.
Towards him I have no feelings but those of the
utmost kindness and of the profoundest respect;
but I have a higher lespcct for the privileges of
this body than I have for any of its officers.
The question whethei a direction to pay money
out of the contingent fund of the Senate should
be made, was raised once in this body when Mr.
Whittlesey was Comptroller, and it was upon
this question of mileage, at a called executive
session. Mr. Whittlesey, as Comptroller of the
Treasury, refused to allow payments made by the
Secretary after they had been made. That being
the only time that the power of the Senate over
its own contingent fund was everinterfeied with—
for the House of Representatives had always re-
frained from doingso—upon the motion of one of
the best lawyers that ever had a scat upon the
floor, not now a member, Hon. Mr. Badger, of
North Carolina, this amendment was inserted in
the appropriation bill:
" It is hereby declared that, according to the true inter-
pretation of the third section ol the act entitled'• An Act
allowing compensation to the members of th(j Senate, uiein-
beis of the IIou^o of Representatives of the United .States,
and to the Delegates of the Teriitories, and repealing all
other laws on that subject;" approved *2\>d Januaiy, 1818,
all certificates which have been or may be gtanted by the
Presiding Officer of the Senate and Hou^e of Representa-
tives lei-peetivcfy to the amount of compensation due to
the members ot their >eveial Houses, and to &uch Dele-
gates, arc, and ought to bp, deemed, hold, and taken, and
aic hereby declared, to be, conclusive upon all the De-
partments" and othceis ol the Government of the United
States.""
Thus, sir, in the only instance in which the right
of the tody was questioned, Congress promptly
stepped in and declared that the decision of the
Presiding Officer of this body should forevei be
conclusive upon all the officers of the Govern-
ment. Whether this order comes dircctly within
the purview of that provision, I am not now to
say; but I wish to say that the law of 1858, un-
der which Mr. Medill undertakes to justify what
I consider his impertinent interference, is pre-
cisely the law which has existed for many years.
The law of 1844, to be found page 170 of Biight-
ly's Digest, is, in express terms, the same as that
of 1858, quoted in the letter from Mr. Medill to
the Secretary, which is that—
£C No part of the sums appropriated for the contingent ex-
penses of either House of Congress, shall be applied to any
other than the ordinary expenditures of the Senate and
House of Representatives ; nor as UAtra allowance to any
clerk, messenger, or other attendant of the said two Houses,
or either of them; nor as payment or compensation to any
clerk, messenger, or other attendant of the said two Houses,
or either of them, unless such clerk, messenger, or other
attendant, be so employed by a lesolution or order of one
of said Houses."
If Senators will take the trouble to look at it,
they will find that the law of 1858, quoted by Mr.
Medill, is precisely the law that has prevailed here
since 1844; and I now wish to call the attention
of the Senate to some of the disbursements which
have been habitually made by the Senate out of
its contingent fund. Under resolutions of .Tune
13 and December 26, 1844, both of them subse-
quent to the passage of the law that I have just
read, there was paid out of the contingent fund of
this body the funeral expenses of Hon. Abel P.
Upshur, and five other persons, killed on board
the United States ship Princeton, $839 55, and
an equal sum was paid by the House of Repie-
sentatives out of the contingent fund of that
House.
Under a resolution of May 14, 1846, there was
allowed and paid out of the contingent fund of
the Senate, $150 for the funeral expenses of James
Timms, a messenger of the body, his daily salary
from the day of his death, March 20, to the close
of the session, August 10, 184G, $429, and extra
compensation, months after he had been in his
grave, of $550, making in the whole a gross sum
of §1,129.
Under a resolution of June 12,1846, there was
paid to the representatives of Lewis Saunders,
messenger, out of the contingent fund of the Sen-
ate, daily pay from the day of his death, May 21,
to the close of the session, August 10,1846, $162;
and extra compensation at the close of the session,
§200; and $150 for funeral expenses.
Under resolutions of December 18, 1845, and
April 2, 1846, there was paid to the representa-
tives of Edwai d Dyer, late Scrgeant-at-Armc, the
" same amount that was paid to the representa-
tives of Stephen Haight, late Sergeant-at-Arms,"
$1,875. Stephen Haight died in 18±0; and under
a lesolution of January 12, 1841, the Secretary
was diiected to pay for transporting his body to
Vermont, and funeral expenses, $500; and also
his salary for the residue of the term for which he
was elected, $1,375; making in all, §1,875—all
paid out of the contingent fund.
Under the resolution of March 15, 1850, there
was paid to Owen Connelly, for injuries sustained
in discharging his duties as one of the Capitol
police, "a sum equal to the amount of his pay
from the time of his removal from office, 30th
April, 1849, to the date of the passage of the res-
olution, $956 38.
Under a resolution of February 21, 1856, an
allowance was made for the funeral expenses of
Michael Doolcy, late superintendent of the fold-
ing room, and three months5 salary from the day
of his death, paid to his widow, f?525.
Under a resolution of January 14, 1859, since
Mr. Medill has been Comptroller, there was al-
lowed to the representatives of J. F. Morton, Icite
a messenger, one quarter's salary and ^150 for
funeral expenses, amounting to $450. By resolu-
tion of May 3, 1848, there was paid to the widow
of Hon. Chester Ashley, of Arkansas, from the
contingent fund, the "balance due at the time
of his death for per diem compensation and mile-
age." There were various other orders of that
sort made—m the case of Mr. Calhoun, Mr. El-
more, and Mr. Clay. But, sir, I call the atten-
tion of the Senate now to a more extraordinary
one still, which has been repeated. Under a
resolution of March 3, 1845, there was paid to
Hon. W. P. Mangum, " the difference between
the salary of Vice President and the amount re-
ceived by him as Senator, and the additional pay
as President pro tempore," out of the contingent
fund of the Senate, and after this law that I have
read. Under a resolution of December 7, 1854,
there was paid out of the contingent,fund and
allowed by Elisha Whittlesey, Comptroller,.to
Hon. D. R. Atchison, "the difference between
the amount he has already received as President
pro tempore and the compensation of Vice Presi-
dent;" and under resolution of December 18*1855,
there was paid out of the contingent fund,.and
allowed by Mr. Whittlesey, as Comptroller, to
Hon. Jesse D. Bright, " the difference between
the amount now received by him and the compen-
sation of Vice President."
I have read a few of these cases. 1 will state
further, that from this very contingent fund, since
the passage of this law, there has been repeatedly
paid to the Secretary himself, and to his clerks
under him, donations amounting to as much as
§500; and I have never heard, nor has it been inti-
mated, that in a single instance a question has
been put to Mr. Medill, or anybody else on God's
earth, to know whether the Senate could protect
its own officer in executing its own orders.
Sir, if the resolution ordering this payment to
be made is not right, repeal it, rescind it; but do
not let it stand upon your records as a mandate to
your officer, and then let Mr. Medill, or anybody
else in any of the Departments, come up and tell
your officer not to obey your order, but to obey
his. And, sir, let me ask the Senate—if they have
been suddenly taken, they or their officers, with
such a fit of constitutional scruple—is this the case
and the instance in which to apply it? You have
made such payments to your own members, to
your Presiding Officers, to the families of your
deceased members. You have made them over
and over again, unquestioned by anybody, and
now, sir, when there is a solitary widow, whose
honored husband—one of the most honored that
ever had a seat on this floor, of whom Mr. Ben-
ton said (and I remember it, and shall never for-
get his eulogy) that he was a man who never
encountered a form of human wretchedness with-
out melting into tenderness before it; nor an ap-
parition of earthly danger without bidding it de-
fiance. Now, sir, when the widow of one of our
colleagues on this floor comes to the Senate, and
the Senate, under a sense of justice, or an impulse
of generosity it may be, have ordered that this
money should be paid to her, and the order stands
peremptory,! ask you if it is a time to bring your
constitutional scruples to bear in the case of this
lone widow, whose husband and eight of her nine
children have preceded her to the grave? Now,
in her old age, in her loneliness and her desola-
tion, she stands here in her poverty, asking you
to execute your own order in her behalf; and. you
ate taken with a fit of constitutional scruples, and
have to send up to the other end of the avenue,
to Mr. Medill, or somebody else, God knows
who, I do not care; and he tells you that your
Secretary cannot execute your own orders—or-
ders that you have been in the habit of making
years and years; and he tells you that if the pay-
ment is made, he will not allow it. Sir, I believe
that there was a day when, if such a letter as that
was sent to any officer of this body it would
have been treated, as I think it ought to be, as a
contempt, a contempt of the body; and the body
ought to vindicate itself with all its constitutional
power against such an impertinent interference by
this executive officer.
Sir, the House of Representatives have never
questioned the propriety ofany disposition that we
made ofourcontingentfund,and wenever have in
regard to theirs; and the Government has gone on.
It was supposed that this fund might be safely
trusted to the judgment and discretion of the dif-
ferent branches; and it is a new thing for an ex-
ecutive officer of this Government to come in to
direct it. Sir, does the Secretary, or anybody
else, suppose that this Senate and this Congress
will not protect its executive officers in carrying
out its own orders? No, sir. I am compelled
to believe—I shall not say what—but I was about
to say that I was compelled to believe that other
feelings than those of constitutional scruples min-
gled with the extraordinary neglect and delay
which have marked this course of your officers.
I close with a motion that the resolution, and
the letter of the Secretary of the Senate, and what
I consider the very impertinent letter of Mr. Me-
dill, be referred to the Committee to Audit and
Control the Contingent Expenses of the Senate.
Mr. BAYARD. 1 do not purpose now to enter
into any detailed reply to the remarks of the hon-
