1861.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
115
36tii Cong....2d Sess.
State of the Union—Mr. Ethericlge.
Ho. 03? Reps.
Mr. Speaker, I shall attempt no apology for
that portion of the Republican platform which
declares it to be the right and duty of Congress
to prohibit slavery in the Territories. I do not
hesitate here, as I have done elsewhere, to pro-
nounce this feature of their party creed to be
wrong, if for no other reason, because the exten-
sion or restriction of slavery, as they well know,
depends now on causes which are more control-
ling than any mere actof Congress. Ithasproved
a most unwise and unnecessary feature in their
political creed. It was inserted, I apprehend, for
a reason similar to that which has caused a cer-
tain dominant party in the South, for years past,
to make the negro issue paramount to all others—
to carry an election. And at last our southern
friends have found, to their sorrow, that this
Sambo game is one that two can play at. I hope,
as they have lost the stakes, they will resort to
no other means than the ballot-box to regain their
party power. I implore you to avoid the dire
alternative of disunion; trust to that reaction in
public opinion which is sure to come in every case
where wrong or error exists, and reason is left free
to combat it. And it is because I have faith in
the sober second thought of the people every-
where, that I propose to appeal from this Con-
gress to them. If, sir, you have grievances, are
you disposed to break up the Government rather
than ask the people of the free States, your breth-
ren and kindred, to consider them? No; let us
adjourn this unhappy quarrel to the people, the
real people, to whom this Government belongs.
It is but eighteen months until this whole dispute
will be transferred by the Constitution to the
whole people of the United States; but I implore
you to transfer it to them now; and I apprehend
those who persist in refusing so reasonable a de-
mand will be consigned to retirement and obscur-
ity. I am not afraid to trust the people, and I
shall be content to abide by their deliberate decis-
ion upon all these questions when made.
I ask, again, why destroy our country because
this Congress may fail to agree upon specific le-
gislative measures or constitutional amendments,
which have been before the country but a few
weeks, and upon which the people of the States,
North and South, have had no means of passing
a final judgment? I protest against it.
When, sir, and under what circumstances, was
this House of Representatives chosen ? The mem-
bers from the free States were nearly all elected
in 1858. They were elected amid the excitement
and indignation which pervaded all classes of peo-
ple in the free States, because the power and pa-
tronage of the Administration had been invoked,
not to coerce a State, not to expel a State from
the Union, but to coerce a Territory into the Unieii
with a constitution that its people abhorred. In
that indignant uprising of the people, when party
lines were eradicated, men who were most vio-
lent and.extreme in their views were chosen by
the people. They were elected, as I have said,
without regard to the specific measures now
before us. Other members fiom the free'States
were elected at that time, with a special reference
to the alleged extravagances, frauds, and corrup-
tions of the present Administiation and its ad-
visors. And how was it in the last presidential
election? Mr. Lincoln, it is well known, was not
elected solely because of his sympathy and con-
nection with the Republican party. All the odds
and ends, all the opposition which Mr. Buch-
anan's unfoitunate administration had aroused,
was invoked to the support of the Republican
candidate, to prevent the election of Mr. Doug-
las, who was regarded as the most formidable
rival. For Mr. Lincoln, it is known, every ele-
ment of opposition to the i uling power was most
earnestly and successfully invoked. The Dem-
ocratic party, it was known, had great resources.
Its leaders were artful and industrious, ready to
resort to every stratagem for success. The idea
geneially prevailed that they knew how to keep
open the ballot-box until they got votes enough.
[Laughter.] These things were known or believed
by every ono; and throughout the free States, with
rare exceptions, all who felt that the overthrow
of the present Democratic party was demanded
by the interests of the country, voted for Mr.
Lincoln.
There isanotherreason whydisunionists should
have no apologists or defenders. Were Mr. Lin-
coin the monster they afi'ect to regard him, it is
well known—and to none better than themselves—
that during his whole administration the Senate
would have been politically opposed to him. The
next House of Representatives, if the seceding
States are represented, will be also largely opposed
to the Republican party; while the Suprerpe Court,
heretofore claimed as the sheet-anchor of those
who are now disuniomsts, is composed almost
entirely of the political opponents of Mr. Lincoln.
With these facts before us, we behold the seced-
ers running away from dangers which they have
the power to avert, and cannot therefore truly
fear, in common parlance, they have " spiked
their cannon, burned their gun carriages, and re-
tired for safety" to Fort Disunion. [Laughter.]
There are gentlemen on the Republican side of
the House who refuse to agree to what I regard
as a reasonable proposition for compromise or
adjustment, because, as they say, it will not cor-
respond with their former political rccords. Po-
litical consistency is desirable only when it accords
with wisdom. There should be no hesitation
between apparent personal consistency and the
preservation of the country. Great emergencies
often demand a seeming sacrifice; and should that
sacrifice be demanded now, I trust we shall all be
found ready to offer it upon the altar of ourcoun-
try. I appeal, then, first to you; and should you,
as Representatives, fail to meet the just expecta-
tions of reasonable men, I will appeal from you
to the people—to those who are still your masters.
The people of the South, who have most at
stake, will be found to counsel prudence and
moderation. Wise men, conscious of that power
which is inspired by being m the right, will not
cmbrace the precipitation and madness of the
times. Whatever they may desire our northern
brethren to do, they will make known in a firm
yet respectful and fraternal way. Whatever
your politicians may do, I doubt not the people of
the North will meet us, if time isgiven, and mod-
eration prevails, in a reciprocal spirit. Inter-
change of opinion will load, no doubt, to the best
results, and we will yet preserve in all its glory
that country still so dear for its blessings.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I want to ask the
gentleman from Tennessee a question which may
control my vote upon4he pending propositions,
and I trust he will give me a candid answer.
Mr. ETIIER1DGE. I will.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. If Inn statement
of the case between the slaveholding and the non-
slnvehoiding States of the Union be true, ought
the people of the free States to humiliate them-
selves by proposing any constitutional amend-
ment, or any additional legislation?
Mr. ETHERIDGE. Mr. Speaker, so per-
sistent have been the misrepresentations of the
leading men m all sections of the Union—" mis-
appiehension " is perhaps a better term—so per-
sistent have been these misicpresentations, made
even at the North, and under which our people
aie laboring, in regard to what the Republican
policy is to be, that many of the people of the
South seem almost willing—pardon the expres-
sion—" to believe a lie that they may be damned."
[Laughter.] Now, sir, I will give the gentleman
a specimen.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Ought the people
of the free States to do anything inconsistent with
their self-respect?
Mr. ETHERIDGE. I will not ask them to do
anything which self-respect forbids. But it is
known that a portion of the people of the South
are like a tempest—I will not call them mad, otheis
have called them insane. I do not inquire why
they are so; they ought not to be so; but we arc
advised, m some pait of Iloly Writ, that it is
sometimes best to answer even a fool " according
to his folly." And if these people are excited to
so fearful an extent, and if they are thus misled,
is it not proper for the Republicans, for the Dem-
ocrats, for all the people of'the North, to saij that
they will not do that which we all know they do
not propose to do ?
I will read fiom a paper edited by a gentleman
now spoken of for the office of Clerk of the House
of Representatives for the great southern confed-
eracy, which disunion proposes to foim. Pend-
]n<r the election for delegates in one of the seced-
ing States, he perpetrated, among other things,
the following:
" Truth will save the Union.—' The plan of JLiacoln
and Ins advisers is to turn the negroes of the South loose,
and compel the poor people of the South to intermarry
with them. With this hybrid population, they—the Yan-
kees—expect to raise cotton for their looms; in fact, to
reap the harvest of the South. But the white people of
the South, however poor, are opposed to amalgamating with
negroes ; they Jeave that to the while people of Massachu-
setts. We are of the opinion Miat the attempt to force amal-
gamation on thenon-plavehokiersof the South will be the
most difficult job Mr. Lincoln ever undertook. He may give
his own daughters?, or his neighbors?', to buck negroes, but
"the sentiment is different here.'"
Why, sir, is it not a matter of history that R.
Barnwell Rhett stood in the streets of Charleston
a few weeks ago announcing to the enraged mul-
titude that the people of the North had elected a
mulatto for Vice President? And Mr. Memmin-
ger, too, went into the interior—to Greenville, I
think it was—and announced there, to the denizens
of the piny hills, to gentlemen, to lawyers, to doc-
tors, to loafers, to shortboys, to everybody that
stood around, that Hannibal Hamlin was a mu-
latto, and that the people of the North had elected
an Abolitionist forPresidentandawti/aMoforVice
President. Now everybody knows that what you
or I may say upon that subject will never reach
the ears of that misguided people.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. _ I desire simply to
inquire whether there is anything in the Critten-
den propositions, or in those known as the prop-
ositions of the border State committee, or in the
report of the committee of thirty-three, tending to
remove this singular " delusion ,r which the gen-
tleman says exists in the minds of the southern
people?
Mr. ETHERIDGE. I will answer that ques-
tion frankly. There is: I tell the gentleman from
Ohio, the true Union men of the South are stand-
ing to-day struggling with all their power to pre-
serve the Government; fighting, as they believe,
for the cause of religion, humanity, civilization,
and progress-, andall these things are involved in
the peace of the country. And I hat peace, may
depend upon the adoption of these propositions.
They are surrounded by a tempestuous despotism
—everywhere confronting a panic which is made
to feed itself. It is all-devouring. Why, sir, it
is well known to every gentleman who reads the
newspapers, that wherever this disunion senti-
ment piedomiuates, it is simply a reign of terror.
Go to the cities of South Carolina, and what
do you see? Men frantic and in arms. Go to
Charleston, to Tallahassee, to Montgomery, to
Jackson—to any place where those conventions
were assembled, and you see the military in full
control of everything. These conventions delib-
erated three or four hours only over the fate of an
empire. Everything that might have invoked
calmness or deliberation had disappeared, and
martial music and warlike demonstrations at-
tested the fallacy ©f a peaceful disruption of the
States.
Mr. LEAKE. Will the gentleman allow me
to ask him a question?
Mr. ETHERIDGE. Certainly.
Mr. LEAKE I merely wish to know whether
the gentleman is speaking on the side of the North
or the South?
Mr. ETHERIDGE. I am speaking on a side
that has few Representatives upon this floor. I
am speaking on the side of my country. [Great
applause in the gaileiies.]
Why, sir, as 1 was proceeding to say, what is
the state of affairs now in all the villages and
cities of the Gulf States? Sir, bold men, edu-
cated men, ambitious men, men of chivalry and
daring, are heading the military forces. Men,
women, and children arc excited,just as the pomp
and circumstance of war will excite everybody.
Thousands believe honestly that Lincoln and his
cohorts are coming down to apply the torch and
the knife to the dwellings and the people of the
South.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. LOVEJOY obtained the floor.
Mr. ETHERIDGE. I supposed 1 had the
unanimous consent of the House to proceed.
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Dawes in
the chair.) The gentleman can proceed, if there
: be no objection.
! Mr. WINSLOW. I object.
