THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 2,
orable-Senator from New Hampshire; the sub-
ject was only brought to my notice this morning;
"but his statementis so defective, in my judgment,
that it is right and proper, even before this reso-
lution is referred, that I should correct it in one
respect. The correction is due to the officer of
your body.
The Senate of the United States, after making
its order in this case for the payment of construct-
ive mileage—that is all that it was—had the grace
not to violate the law too openly, and placed, as
an amendment on an appropriation bill, a clause
providing for the appropriation of the amount of
the order. The House of Representatives rejected
that amendment, and the Senate receded from it.
That action called upon the officer to be cautious;
and he went before the Comptroller under those
circumstances; and the Comptroller, following the
opinion of the Attorney General in a parallel case,
told him it was impossible for him to allow it.
The recession of the Senate from that amendment,
in my judgment, shows that they did not intend
that order to be executed without the assent of the
House of Representatives; and if they did intend
it to be executed without the assent of the House
of Representatives, they intended to violate the
law of the land; and if one portion of this legisla-
tive authority, under the claim of the privileges of
the body, can violate the laws of the land, on what
basis is it that you are to expect the individual
citizen to obey them ? Here is the law cited in
the letter of Mr. Medill. We passed, in conjunc-
tion with the House of Representatives, this clause
on the 30th of June, 1858;
" That no part of the appropriations which may be at any
time made for contingent expenses of either House of Con-
gress, sliali he applied to any other than the ordinary ex-
penditures of the Senate and House of Representatives."
Mr. President, if one branch of the Legislature,
in the face of that law passed by both and sanc-
tioned by the President as part of the law-making
power, can make an order of its own appropriat-
ing money out of the Treasury of the United States
against law, where is it to end ? Is that the priv-
ilege of this body? Isitthe privilege of the House
of Representatives? Is it not rather true that the
object of the law was to correct that very loose-
ness which had often characterized our proceed-
ings here in passing many ofthe resolutions which
the honorable Senator has cited, and which may
beasubjectof comment hereafter? In other cases,
from abuses by either body of the existing law,
whether in relation to the distribution of books
or other things, we have been called upon to pass
statutes which would prevent those abuses.
Now, sir, I can see no ground for the censure
which this resolution implies on the Secretary of
the Senate, nor on the Comptroller. The Secre-
tary has been a faithful officer to you always.
The passage of this resolution will be a direct vote
of censure upon your officer. It does not touch
the Comptroller; the Comptroller has addressed
no letter to you. The Secretary found that the
Senate receded from this amendment which if had
placed on the appropriation bill, for the purpose
of satisfying its own order, to which the other
House objected; and under that state of things,
the Secretary inquired of the accounting officer if
ho could be at liberty, under the existing law, to
pay the money. The accounting officer referred
nim to the law under which it would be illegal for
him to pay, and impossible for the accounting
officer, consistently with his duty, to allow the
payment. I do not consider this as any breach
of the privileges of the Senate in any respect. I
know there is a great deal said here which is cal-
culated to excite sympathy. It is not uncommon,
where a case will not bear a moment's investiga-
tion when you come to examine it, to throw in a
widow,orhalfa dozen children, or somethingelse,
into the case, in order to catch the kindly feelings
of the Senate, and so use the funds of the Gov-
ernment directly in the face of the law. Such is
not my judgment of what is tho duty of a legis-
lator. With a man's own private funds, with
that which belongs to him to dispose of at his will,
I approve of benevolence, chanty, and a due re-
gard for widows and orphans; but standing here
as a Senator of the United States, I cannot agree
to give away the money ofthe people of the United
States in opposition to the laws ofthe United States,
011 the ground of the claimant being a widow or
having orphan children. I hold the principle to be
unsound m morals as well as in legislation
' I hope the resolution will be referred, and when
the case comes up, if the committee, instead of
reporting in favor of rescinding the resolution,
Which the Senate could not pass of its own mo-
tion without the assent of the House of Repre-
sentatives, should report in favor of enforcing this
order to make the Secretary of the Senate pay
out of his own pocket money which the Senate
chooses to pay as a gratuity—a strange kind of
charity, indeed—if that should be the report of
the committee, I shall beg leave to contest it at
length. It shall never pass without my protest,
and such comments ana further investigation of
the authorities as I think proper to make. It is
immaterial to me whether it is referred to one
committee or another.
Mr. HALE. I did not hear all that the Sen-
ator from Delaware said; but if he said what a
friend reports him to me as having said, he is
laboring under a great mistake. This was an
order peremptory on the face of it. Here is the
resolution as it passed the Senate. I understood
the Senator to say it was not intended to be paid
out of the contingent fund:
"Resolved, That the Secretary of the Senate be directed
to pay, out of the contingent fund of the Senate, to Mrs.
E. A. Linn, widow of Hon Lewis P. Linn, late a Senator
of the United States from tiie State of Missouri, the amount
of mileage at the special sessions m X837 and 1841, not
received by the deceased.
I take it that is pretty clear as to what the Sen-
ate intended. Now, sir, as to the legislation which
has been referred to: I have a distinct recollection
upon it, though I have not the record before me.
When that resolution was passed, the Secretary,
as I think'he says in the letter which he sent to
the Senate, which I now have before me, declined
to pay it solely on the ground that that portion of'
the fund out of which it had to come was ex-
hausted. He says so now. That was the reason,
and the only reason, lie asv^ned for not paying
it then. There was no question of the authority
of the Senate to pass such an order; but thatwas
the reason assigned, and assigned to me verbally;
for I went to the Secretary's office and saw him
and hisclerk under him, and they showed me that
the fund was exhausted. Then an appropriation
was added to the deficiency bill to supply this
sum, because thatfundwas exhausted. TheSen-
ate put it on, and the House stwck it oiF; and the
Senate receded, because, as was stated in debate
here, and as the honorable gentleman, who was
then chairman of the Committee on Finance stated,
if lam not-exceedingly mistaken in my recollec-
tion of his remarks, that a refusal to insert it in
the appropriation bill had nothing to do with re-
scinding it, or anything of that sort; but the pro-
priety of putting it into the deficiency bill was
what was discussed; and we refrained from put-
ting it into the deficicncy bill.
While I am up, I will say further, in regard to
that honorable Senator, for whose opinion in mat-
ters of this sort I have so much respect, that the
officer in charge of this fund, Mr. Fitzpatrick,
wrote a letter to the Secretary of the Senate, tell-
ing him that it was the opinion of tho honorable
Senator from Virginia [Mr. Hunter] that the
order was imperative.
Mr. HUNTER. All I can say is, that I do
not recollect those facts. I suppose I might have
said that the Senate had a right, if they chose, to
pay it out of the contingent fund; but on the pro-
priety of the claim, I am very certain I expressed
no opinion.
Mr. HALE. Of course I did not say the Sen-
ator did. I have not expressed any opinion about
it.
Mr. HUNTER. I may have expressed the
opinion that the Senate had the right to do it; but
as to the propriety of it, I do not think I ever said
I thought it proper.
Mr. HALE. I did not say you ever did, sir;
nor do I suppose you ever did. But the agree-
ment of the Senate to recede from their amend-
ment, according to the suggestion of the House of
Representatives, was placed on this floor upon
the express ground of the impropriety of putting
it into the deficiency bill. It was said in that de-
bate—and so the Globe containing the record of
the debate will show—that it did not affect the
order at all. The question was not for legislative
sanction or disapproval, but upon the propriety
of putting it into the deficiency bill; that was all.
Mr. HUNTER. As my name has been'called
into this matter, I will say that I ha\*c a very in-
distinct recollection of it; but I find there is a
positive law on the subject, and if I gave such an
opi&iJn, I could not have seen it. My attention
has jfist been called to it:
" That no part of the appropriations which maybe at any
time made for contingent expenses of eitherHouse of Con-
gress shall be applied to any other than the ordmaiy ex-
penditures of the Senate and House of Representatives."
It seems to me that tha£ law does covcr the case.
I do not remember the opinion which I expressed
then. I think it probable that I did express such
an opinion as is imputed to me; but I had not
adverted to that law.
Mr. PUGrH. Mr. President, if the Senator
from New Hampshire had simply permitted his
resolution and the papers to go to either of the
standing committees of the Senate, I should not
have trespassed on the patience of Senators at
all. This question has been frequently debated
in the Senate since I have been a member of it.
We have striven again and again and again, by
solemn laws enacted by both Houses and signed
by the President, to prevent exactly what the
Senatorjsnow attempting to accomplish. Sir, I
trust that I am as capable of sympathizing with
the case of Mrs. Linn, or any other widow, as
any Senator on this floor; but I will not allow an
appeal to my generosity as an individual to lead
me into a violation of the laws to which we have
solemnly and upon deliberation agreed. In the
first place, this matter itself was before the Sen-
ate at the last session. The resolution passed
the Senate in defiance of every safeguard of our
rules. It is provided in our rules that any res-
olution requiring a payment from the contingent
fund shall first pass through the Committee to
Anditand Control the Contingent Expenses of the
Senate; and, in the next place, thatit shall be read
three times, as a bill. Upon the suggestion of a
Senator that this mileage had been paid to every
one else, the Senate dispensed with the reference,
read the resolution three times, and passed it
without any debate or discussion. It was after-
wards discovered that the statement was untrue in
fact; the Senate erred; that no other Senator had
received any of this mileage; and our Secretary
certifies to us, in his letter, that Mr. Linn received
all the mileage of any other Senator for both
those sessions. It was discovered last session,
and I offered a resolution then for the purpose of
having it brought before the Committee to Audit
and Control the Contingent Expenses of the Sen-
ate, but never could get an opportunity to call it up
for consideration. Upon the representation of my
honored friend from Kentucky [Mr. Critten-
den] that persons had advanced a portion of the
money upon the faith of our resolution, we at-
tempted to make good our blunder by appropri-
ating the money, not, as the Senator from New
Hampshire says, out of the contingent fund, but
as a direct appropriation of money in the defi-
ciency bill, with the distinct declaration all over
that that should be the end of it. The House of
Representatives would not agree to it. It was
debated in the House. Itwas said that the Senate
had no right to go to the Treasury of the United
States in order to cover up its own blunder. The
House refused to agree to it; and it was not paid.
Now, sir, as to the case ofthe Comptroller. The
Senator from New Hampshire three times re-
peated the expression that it was an impertinent
interference. Sir, if there be any impertinence, ;t
is that of attacking a man behind his back. What
is his duty by the laws of the land ? To audit the
accounts of the Secretary of the Senate. He can-
not escape from it. The Secretary applies to him
to know whether, if he pays the money under this
resolution, it shall be credited in his account
What says the Comptroller? " Sir, I cannot credit
it under the law of the land; I am forbidden to
credit it." Why, sir, a discussion arose between
us and the House of Representatives in a precisely
similar case, when they undertook to charge upon
their contingent fund an expenditure to which we
had refused to agree. There were four confer-
ences between the Senate and the House on that
question. I know I was put on the third one my-
self, and, I think, my friend from Vermont, and
one of the Senators from Louisiana, not present,
were with me. I proposed, as a compromise, that
we should increase the contingent fund of the
House, and let them go in peace; but when we
came back and reported that proposition to the
Senate, the Senate instructed us to go back and
