1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB®.
Tfft
refuse, and it was refused; and, finally, at the last
hour, I think within ten or fifteen minutes of the
inauguration of Mr. Buchanan, we agreed to pay
the money, provided the members of the House
would deliver the books up to some library in
their district. We would not permit them to have
it. We defied the House for two years on that
question; and now the House has wisely defied
us on the same question. We had a long debate
on this subject, in reference, I think, to auditing
the account of the last Clerk of the House of Rep-
resentatives, (Mr. Cullom;) and we haveput pro-
vision after provision, since I have been in the
Senate, into appropriation and .other bills, that
neither House should charge upon its contingent
fund any of these things; and now there 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Ohio will pause. The Chair must call up the
special order at this hour.
Mr. PUGH. I shall be through, if the Senate
will permit me a few minutes longer. [" Go on."]
Here, then, is our own legislation designed to
prevent these very things; and because an exec-
utive officer obeys the law of the land, and per-
forms his duty, Senators rise up here to say of
him, behind his back, what they would not dare
to say to his face elsewhere.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. Mr. Presi-
dent 
The VICE PRESIDENT. By unanimous con-
sent the Senator from Tennessee can proceed.
The hour has arrived for the consideration of the
special order.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I shall only
consume a few minutes. I rise for the purpose of
saying a word or two in justification of the Sec-
retary of the Senate and of the pay clerk. It
seems to me that they have been unnecessarily
attacked in the discussion upon this resolution.
It is always best to understand the facts as they
are. Now, what are the facts in this case ?
In the first place a resolution was passed here,
directing the payment of a certain sum of money
out of the contingent fund, which was understood
to be constructive mileage, to Dr. Linn's widow.
We all remember the circumstances under which
that resolution passed, without much investiga-
tion, and in fact, upon an i^ppeal to the sympathy
of the Senate. I shall not go into it now; but 1
remem her the circumstances. The resolution was
passed, and went to the Secretary of the Senate.
He was anxious, and more than willing, if the
law would permit, to comply with the direction
of the resolution; but when the resolution passed,
there was no contingent fund out of which the
money could have been paid, even if the law had
authorized it to be paid. Before there was an
appropriation, the Secretary was desired to draw
an acceptance of the amount; and he manifested
every disposition to accommodate the parties, to
my own knowledge. Both the Secretary of the
Senate and the pay clerk, Mr. Fitzpatfick, put
themselves to great trouble; and as chaiimanof the
Committee to Audit and Control the Contingent
Expenses of the Senate, I put myself to trouble,
because my sympathies and feelings were with
the parties. I was anxious that they should have
the money, if it was due. I went myself to the
Secretary and to the pay clerk, and endeavored
to have the matter arranged. On examination,
however, the conclusion was arrived at that the
law did not authorize the Senate, by a simple res-
olution, to use the contingent fund for such a pay-
ment. Upon reference to the law, it was found
that it specified the purposes to which the contin-
gent fund should be applied and appropriated.
For the purpose of getting around this difficulty,
the Secretary of the Senate, in making up his es-
timate of the appropriations required for the ex-
penditures out of the contingent fund, made out
this item; he submitted it to the Committee on
Finance; and that committee were willing that it
should go into the appropriation bill; and it was
put in by the Senate. It went to the House of
Representatives for their concurrence, and they
struck it out of the bill, and refused to appropri-
ate the money to carry out the order of the Senate.
Is not this clear and conclusive that Congress
did not intend to pay this money, that Congress
did not recognize the act of tile Senate as being
legal? Now, why should the Secretary of the
Senate be held up to censure before the country,
because he would not pay an amount which the
law did not authoiize to be paid, when Congress
did not choose to appropriate the money ? I think
he has done his duty. I know he was anxious,
more than anxious to accommodate the parties,
if the law would authorize it to be done. I know
what were the feelings of himself and the pay
clerk. My sympathies and my feelings were with
them; but I thought then, and thinknow, that the
law authorized no such thing; for the Constitu-
tion is clear that no money shall be drawn from
the Treasury but in consequence of appropria-
tions made by law, and here was an attempt to
appropriate, and Congress positively refused to
appropriate the specific sum asked for. Is it not
clear thsg. Congress did not intend to pay it? I
merely Wanted to say this much in justification
of the Secretary of the Senate and of the pay clerk.
They did their duty, and their whole duty, as my
personal knowledge and cognizance of the facts
authorize me to say. I have as much sympathy
with the parties as anybody has, and would go
as far to oblige them; but these gentlemen have
discharged their duty, and done it faithfully.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Mr. President, I rec-
ollect something of what was said when the ap-
propriation was refused to be made at the last
session. It was supposed by all parties, so far as
I recollect, that the resolution of the Senate was
competent itself to entitle the grantee to the money
if there had been any money in the contingent
fund; but that was exhausted; and when theappro-
priation was refused here, and when it was under
debate, it was said: " Mrs. Linn must wait; the
order is good; let her wait until there is money
in the contingent fund, and then it will be paid."
That was repeated over and often. My recollec-
tion is distinct about that. " Whenever there is
an appropriation made for the contingent fund,
and there is money there to pay it, then she can
obtain the money;" that is what was said; and
it was said often by those who resisted the put-
ting of that sum in the appropriation bill.
There are some things, Mr. President, which
we must do, and do quickly; and, in order that
we may repent afterwards, we must go through
with them when we begin. You have granted to
this old lady the payment of a certain sum of
money out of the contingent fund. She, relying
upon that order and all that passed here, has
encumbered herself by borrowing money to the
amount. And now, upon some scruples" arising
as to your authority to pass the order, she is to
be refused the money Your bounty, if you
please to call it so, your decision on a matter of
law, if you choose to consider it so, has been very
ruinous to her, indeed, if she is to be dealt with,
and the resolution is to be dealt with, in this way.
We have embarrassed instead of benefiting her.
Y/hat was it that the Senate decided, and what
is the report of the Secretary of the Senate ? He
says that Mr. Linn had nothing due him. He
says that he received his pay—all that any Sena-
tor received. The Senate was perfectly apprised
of that when they passed this order. The Sena-
tors had not received the constructive mileage;
but a case having afterwards occurred in which
Senators did receive it—all of us pretty nearly—
upon a construction put by the Presiding Officer
of this House, it led the way to an application
by Mrs. Linn's friends that her husband, then
dead, should be allowed constructive mileage for
some anterior session, and the Senate decided
that she should have it. It was evasion, then,
it seems to me, with great respect, a mere eva-
sion of the order, to say there was nothing due
to Senator Linn. There was nothing due tohim
unless he should have constructive mileage, and
that wm the very thing that you intended to de-
cide thaThe should have. This body ordered this
payment of constructive mileage to Dr. Linn's
widow, the Presiding Officer of the Senate having
decided that a subsequent Senate was entitled to
it; and it having been paid, you having enforced
the payment by law, and the Secretary who had
paid it having been indemnified for it, and the Sec-
retary would have beenindemnified, if he had paid
this money. There is no doubt of it. The case
carried up to the Comptroller, has been an antici-
pated case—a moot question: "Now, if I pay
this, will you allow the account?"—not an actual
case; not a case of an actual payment and a pre-
sentation by the officer to be allo'wed credit for it;
but a case mooted between the different officers,
and out of these consultations comes an objection
to complying with the order of the Senate.
Now, sir, I think we cannot retreat from out-
act in this way ; we cannot retreat from an act of
which the parties have had the benefit and-enjay-
ment, and then leave them to all the consequences
and embarrassments that will result from our
error. Money has been, appropriated to the con-
tingent fund, as I understand; it is in the control
of the Senate under this.Yery law,.and your power
m using and applying it, is only limited by the -
section which has been read; but I will read it
again:
" No part of the appropriations which may be at any time
made lor the contingent expenses of either House of Con-
gress."
The appropriation is made for both Houses of
Congress; but neither House shall be allowed to
apply it " to any other than the ordinary expend-
itures of the Senate and House of Representatives,
nor as extra allowance to any clerk, messenger," •
&c. This is a limitation upon your power. Oth-
erwise, as soon as the appropriation had,been
made for the contingent expenses, the Senate-had
the right to determine, without limit, how that
money should be applied, and what should be con-
sidered as coming w,it<hin the term " contingent ex*
penses." But here is a limitation upon it; it shall
be applied to the expenses of the one or the other
of the Houses of Congress—the ordinary expend-
itures.. What are " the ordinary expenditures"
of the Senate? The payment of its members is
the most ordinary, I take it; and whether they
shall be entitled,.for this session or that session*
to mileage, constructive or actual ,.is a question for
the Senate, left So, us bylaw. Senators have not
been in the habit of taking this constructive mile-
age ; but you hadla,right to construe that law,.and,
if you considered! this to be within the ordinary
expenditures of the Senate, the Senate had the
right so to decidfe^and. the Secretary was bound
to pay it, if there- was^mmiey enough in the con-
tingent fund to pay.it. That is-the plain reading
of the law. That is a course of practice consisti-
ent with the dignity of the Senate.
If the Senate say it has been applied to objpets-
within the limits of the law,who shall question that?
We should have to go before the Comptroller and
before our own officer, at this rate, to argue andi
to vindicate every, application we make of the-
money. All the appropriation required by law
has been already made—that is, an appropriation*
to the contingent fund—and if. we should direct
extra mileage or constructive mileage to be paid,,
our order to that effect,.unless there is somebody
who can question our decision on that point,,
makes it become-part of the ordinary expenses-
of the Senate. The only question,is this:-is the
payment of extra- mileage within the construction,
of the Senate? Boes it depend.upon their con-
struction? May they decide it? Unquestionably:
they may. Who., is-there to question, it? One-
who preceded you:in,that chair, sir, decided,that,
it was the fair and,proper construction. An act.
of Congress has since said that that construction!
shall be given no- more,..and I. think very jpstljr
and properly; but-until that repealing clause, it
might have been given.
Now, sir, here is.a case recurring un<f6ra-piw-
vious law. The- Senate decided it; the Senate
resolved that this;money should be paid'; and the
person in whose-fav r you resolved it should be
paid, relying oo your order, has Sorrowed the
money, and is nefw a debtor, for it, unless this
amount be actually paid by your officer. Is this
the position for us to occupy? If we have com-
mitted an error,,is this the best way to get out of
it? Let us pay She money and sepent of what we-
have done, and do so no more. That is the only-
way to escape hike gentlemen,it seems to me,_from,
the error into which, we have got;-and I think that
is an argument that will be conclusive with my-
friend from Oh'b,.[Mr. Pugh.]
Mr. President,.this is all I hara- tc- say on-the-
subject. I do sot.appeal to gcntlfcmen's sympa,r-
thies; I only stste She facts of the case. T^is-is-.
a venerable old lady, to.be sure; but I jii>. o©£-tain)
she would not desire any appeal to Be qiade to
you oil that score. She has been very grateful for
the bountiful spirit, no doubt, in which this reso-
lution was first passed; but she will, have r,e occa-
sion to regard it as a- benefit, if she is now to bo
kept outof themoneyjbeeause she hashes!) made
a debtor for §3,000 of she money, that been
expendedin the exigencies of her family; &nd she
is left in old age beyond the hope of <jn,y otker
