1861.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
11T
36th Cong....2d Sess.
State of the Union—Mr. Harris.
Ho. of Reps.
inquisition of causes, when ruin is imminent upon
people and Representative alike.
Sir, I represent a people in such near and dan-
gerous connection with the great troubles of the
day, that I cannot afford to deal in generalities;
but I feel imperatively called upon to address my-
self, with whatever of earnestness of appeal 1 may
command, to the question which alone they con-
sider important. 1 say, sir, that the responsi-
bility of the decision of tins whole grave matter
rests upon this Congress in the first degree, and
with great and appropriate weight. It rests upon
the members of this House, iircspectivc of party,
from the southern portion of the Confederacy, to
which I belong; and it behooves them, when they
appeal to northern men, to do what is just under
the circumstances which environ us, to do what
is right and reasonable themselves. If I desired
to sum up these matters, I would have no desire
to lift from the shoulders of the men of my own
section who, in my humble judgment, have done
great mischief to the cause of American liberty
and to the stability of free institutions—I say 1
should have no desire to lift from their shoulders
whatever of responsibility properly rests upon
them. Sir,as a southern man, I am frank to ad-
mit, in the face of the country, that far too much
of this mischief has come upon us because of the
over-anxious desire of ambitious politicians of
the South to create a new political sphere in which
they could rise to greater cmincncc than they could
aspire to under the present system; that much of
the trouble now rending the country has sprung
fiom the unholy passions and the wild ambition
of southern politicians; and that far too much of
the aggravation which has aroused the spirit of
resistance in the North,and fed, as fuel, the flame
which is mounting up there, of sectional agitation
and prejudice, has been ministered to by some of
my own fellow-citizens of the South.
But, sir, while I make that admission,I would
appeal to the frankness of northern gentlemen
upon the other hand,and challenge them to deny
that far too much of substantial reason has been
given to the South by the people they represent,
if not by some of themselves, in their individual
and representative capacity; that far too many
reasonable grounds of complaint have been af-
forded to that spirit in the South, which they knew
stood ready to seize with avidity the slightest of-
fering to the passion it desired to feed, as well as
to that larger and more deliberate body of south-
ern people who see good causc^for alarm, and ask
only for relief from real gnevances. Ihold them,
and the country will hold both sections, responsi-
ble, in their several degrees, for its present troubles.
But, as i have said, this matter of crimination
and recrimination is neither valuable nor neces-
sary, under our circumstances; and [ pass to the
mam purpose that induced me to take the floor.
Ever since we assembled here, 1 have heard north-
ern gentlemen say, both publicly and privately,
andl have seen the statement day after day in
the columns of leading and influential northern
journals, that it was against the honor, that it was
against the dignity, of the noi them people to yield
anything to the demands of thu South, because
they were pressed in tones of menace; and that
while some extreme southern Representatives de-
clared that they neither asked nor would receive
any compromises, the peopieof othcrStates stood
with arms in their hands against the Federal Gov-
ernment. Now, sir, as a fair man, I desire to say,
just here, that the movement in some of the south-
ern States—which haw grown into the tremendous
significance of an approximate severance of the
Union and the secession of the States which have
gone out of this Confederacy—has none of my sym-
pathy, and no particle of my approval. I have a
right to talk of it freely, sir, because I stand here
as a southern man: and my State, a southern State,
hangs upon the brink of a precipice which we re-
gard as tending omy to inevitable rum, because of
the intemperate, the unnecessary action of an ex-
treme southern State, that has chosen to realize
her dream of thirty years in this matter of seces-
sion.
Mr. HUGHES. I have no objection to my
colleague speaking for his own district; but I must
dissent, when he undertakes to speak for the State
of Maryland, and especially of the district I rep-
resent.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. While I yield
with pleasure to the interruption of my colleague,
and doubt not he speaks what he believes to be
the sentiment of his people, I repeat my declara-
tion; and say now, that at this moment, accord-
ing to my honest, and I believe well-informed,
judgment upon the subject, the doctrine of seces-
sion cannot, in the State of Maryland, to-day raise
more friends than would make up a corporal's
guard. [Great applause in the galleries.] No,
sir; and I trust it never will.
Now, Mr. Speaker, if my friend thinks that
the secession element is more powerful in the State
of Maryland than is that sentiment which 1 shall
endeavor to give expression to, I trust he will be
afforded hereafteran opportunity of substantiating
his view.
Why] do I say, sir, that I have little sympathy
with this secession movement? I believe, m the
first place, Mr. Speaker, that it has no foundation
in constitutional right. I believe that no single
State in this Confederation has a right, of its own
motion, to break up the Federal compact to which
all are parties, upon an abstract and forccd idea
of inherent sovereignty. Sir, as I read the his-
tory of my country, these States that have seceded
do not draw the just distinction that exists be-
tween what I concede to be State rights, and the
idea that, because of them, there is the further
right of the absolute negation, at the will of any
single State, of all the authority of the Federal
Government. Sir, I might go further, and say
that none of the States ever had any sovereignty
exceptas United States. I read, in the early his-
tory of the country, that before they were United
Colonies, and then United States, they were col-
onics of the British, the Spanish, and the Dutch,
operating under charters to companies or individ-
uals. Georgia was ,an estate of Governor Ogle:
thorpe. Pennsylvania was the property of Wil-
liam Penn. It was as United Colonies they made
the great declaration, and maintained it in blood;
as such they became States all together, as rec-
ognized United States. I glance at this view
only m passing, for I do not propose to press it
further.
But, sir, I did not mean to talk about the doc-
trine of secession, and regret that I have been led
to do so even thus briefly. I do not admit it as a
constitutional right; and l trust, Mr. Speaker, that
when that unfortunate moment arrives, as arrive
it possibly may, according to the present current
of political events, when the Commonwealth of
Maryland may feel compelled to assert her rights,
I shall hear throughout the length and breadth of
that State no talk about " the constitutional right
of secession;" but that when her people have
made up their mind that the North does not and
will not give them such rights as, under the Con-
stitution, ihey are entitled to demand, they will
call the thing that they mean to do revolution,
and stand upon that; and that they will, when
that time does comc, rebel, 1 do not for one instant
doubt. I like, sir, the homelier phrase for the
act; I like the fair, frank word, that, outspoken,
tells the whole story without the necessity of hedg-
ing it around with constitutional ideas of consti-
tutional rights, and abstract notions of constitu-
tional abstractions. The right of a people to go
into a state of revolution is sanctioned alike by
nature and by the Constitution; and when any
people in this country feel that they are oppressed
by intolerable and grievous wrongs, which they
can not otherwise redress, they ought to lise
against them; and, so far as my own people are
concerned, I know they will promptly do so when
that dark day m their history arrives.
Mr. HUGHES. With the permission of my
colleague, I would state that I said nothing about
the abstract right of secession. I understood my
colleague as saying that the people of Maryland
weredenouncing thesecedmg Statesforthe course
they had pursued. I said nothing upon the sub-
ject of the right of secession as being constitu-
tional, or revolutionary, or otherwise. That is a
point which I will discuss, and give my own views
upon, if ever I have the good fortune to get the
floor. I simply meant to say to my friend that,
when he undertook to speak for the State of Mary-
land, denouncing and violently disapproving the
conduct of the seceding States, he might speak
for Ins own district; or, at any rjite, for the State
of Maryland outside of my district, Mr. Speaker,
I undertake to say that the people of the district
that I represent here, whatever may be their opin-
ion on the abstract question of secession or rev-
olution, do not use the language of denunciation
against the States which have withdrawn from this
union.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. I have been lib-
eral in yielding precious time to my friend; for I
do not mean, for an instant, to put him wrong.
He misunderstood mc; that is all. I use the lan-
guage of disapproval, which is enough for my
purposes. And I dare say that, as between my
friend and myself, when he comes to hear all I
propose to say, and I have heard his views when
lie gets that blessed opportunity of the floor,
which, I admit, comes to some here like '4 angel's
visits, fowand far between," [laughter,] he may
not find any great gulf between us. I say, then,
for myself, and to close the matter, that I express
my disapprobation of the secession of thoseStates;
and I believe that the sentiment of an immense
majority of the people of Maryland is entirely
against both the doctrine and the practice of se-
cession. [Applause in the galleries.] That, sir,
is what I mean to say.
Mr. Speaker, I had remarked, when this inter-
ruption occurred, that 1 had heard from north-
ern gentlemen that they could concede nothing to
the extreme South, because its demands were "en-
forced by men who either declined tocompromise
or were standing in hostility to the General Gov-
ernment. Now, without going into the reason-
ableness or unreasonableness of that plea, I desire
to say to northern men upon this floor to-day,
that this argument, whether sound or not, is ex-
clusive m its application .to the States that have
already assumed such position; and that, just in
proportion as northern gentlemen here condcmn
the action of those States, they ought to be anx-
ious to preserve the remaining southern States of
the Union from falling into the same gulf, by the
very necessities of the position that the failure of
conservative and sufficient action by the Repub-
lican side of the House forces upon them.
I stand here as a representative of one of the
border States of this Union. I am a southern
man, born so, and proud of the nativity. My
State is a southern State. Her sympathies of
blood, of sentiment, of geographical position; her
large possession of slave property, equal at this
time to some $40,000,000; the interests of trade
between her commercial emporium and the South,
amounting in the last year to over $100,000,000,
out of an aggregate trade of $168,000,000; the
great interests of her manufactures, of which
$45,000,000 went last year to the South and South-
west from the city of Baltimore alone; all these give
weight to ihe southern sentiment of her people, who
are also ofa warm blood^nd an active temperament.
And yet, sir, Maryland, alwaysnational, conserv-
ative, and just, has maintained, amidst all these
greatexcitements, an attitude of calmness, of hon-
orable and dignified tranquillity, and has, to her
best ability, with her whole energy of sentiment,
of purpose, and of action, breasted the tide of this
secession movement. If you, gentlemen ori the
northern side of the House, believe that it is in
the power of the conservative sentiment of the
State much longer to hold her in this condition;
if you believe that week after week is to pass
over this Congress and nothing in the way of
curative legislation is to be given; if you believe
that you can sit here and talk about the philoso-
phy of politics and the abstractions of secession
and coercion, and that State, one of the most con-
servative and just and devotedly Union of this
whole tier of border States, can be held in that
poise which, up to this time, she has maintained,
I tell you frankly, I tell you earnestly, and I tell
you, 1 believe truly, that you misread the record
of the times; and I believe, sir, that this state-
ment will apply with equal force to every one of
the border slave States of the Union. Why, sir,
there is the State of Tennessee, trembling to-day
upon the verge of secession. In Kentucky, m
North Carolina, and in Virginia—great mother
of States—this secession movement is making
progress day by day, and hour by hour; and I
say to you, in ail frankness and in all kindness,
it is making that progress because we have had
nothing in the way of healing legislation from our
