118
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 31,
36th Coxa....2d Sess.
State of the XJn{on~Mr. Farnsioorth.
Ho. of Reps.
friends of the North. And to-day, while the con-
servative element that is against secession, is the
dominant idea of Maryland, and nine tenths of
her people will do anything in honor and give
anything in reason to'be able to maintain their
status as one of the confederated States of this
great Republic, yet, under the surface of things,
there is a slumbering fire that may break out, and
that suddenly, and strive to hurry her from her
moorings-, and 'sweep her, too, into the current
and dritt of disunion. I say, then, to you, Repre-
sentatives of the free States, that if you propose to
do anything in the way of legislation upon these
subjects, let it be of the most conciliatory char-
acter; let it rise above the prejudices and dictates
of party; let it meet us, I pray you, upon some
high, statesmanlike, and satisfactory basis, that
will keep these border States fast anchored within
the circle of the Republic; ay, that will do even
more than that; that will so build up and strengthen
the conservatism of the people of other States
that we will be able, by your liberal legislation,
to rectify the whole structure of a now broken
Confederacy.
1 do notpropose—indeed, the time would not per-
mit, for with the interruptions of my friend, and my
ownforgetfulnessofitspassagejamrunningmore
rapidly "than I thought through my hour—to go
into any discussion of the several modes of pacifi-
cation that have been presented to this House. It
is not necessary that I should do so, for gentlemen
are fully posted upon the subject themselves, and
the propositions are familiar to us all, with their
merits and demerits, weakness and strength. The
great idea that I desire to present to my friends of
the northern States in this House is, th'at what we
want is immediate action upon this subject; we
want less of the eloquence of speech, and more
of the pertinenteloquence of votes. In the whole
tier of these border States, and greatly in my own
State, before the rush of events whirls us into
greater excitement, we want to know whether the
northern Representatives in this Congress, who
hold the power of this great salvation or this ab-
solute rum in their own haii,ds, are disposed todo
anything, mean to do anything, upon a basis that
will be saving and sufficient. I tiust that your
action will be enlarged in spirit, that it will meet
squarely the great trouble; and 1 pray you let it
comesoon. Onethmgin reference to these vauous
propositions is very sine, and that is: that if north-
ern gentlemen upon thisfloorwouldonly lift them-
selves above the prejudices of party; above the
necessities of party; above the pride of opinion;
above their conscious power and achieved success,
there is one proposition which, accepted, 1 be-
lieve" would not only keep cveiy single border
State in the Union, but would bring back those
which have gone out. If our northern friends
would only accept the proposition submitted by
the patriot Senator from Kentucky, [Mr. Chit-
tenden,] their action would be hailed with delight
by tens of thousands of their fellow-citizens
throughout the free States. If thoy would only
indorse and pass the propositions of that great
statesman, they would do infinitely more to
strengthen and build up themselves by thus sav-
ing their country than they will ever do by any
movement resulting in the non-pacification ot these
troubles, and they would in finitely gratify the hon-
est masses who stand behind them, and whose
good sense teaches them that it is nobler to save
a country than to stick to a party platform.
Sir, there are points in the history of political
parties when sometimes the people get a clearer
conception of the difficulties and dangers of their
position than the politicians who represent them
are willing to accord, and I see indications in vari-
ous sections of the free States, that the people
are beginning to realize the great fact that they
are in pen!; that their country is in peril; and
that the politicians, whom they have tiusted, are
not abreast with theru in their perception of the
fact, or are not bold enough to meet it as they
should.
Mr. Speaker, it may be a great thing to preserve
political consistency; but my word for it, in the
present condition of this country, he who rises
above the trammels of politics and party will find
that he has achieved a greatness more enduring,
infinitely, than he ever could have done within
the lower sphere of his partisan operations. Why,
sir, as an illustration of the direction which the
popular mind of the North is taking, I notice in
the newspapers, among other signs, the account
of an immense mass meeting of the sons of labor,
toiling men, artificers, and mechanics in the ma-
chine shops and factories of the city of Philadel-
phia, who turned out to the number of many thou-
sands, and assembled in Independence Square,in
spite of the inclement night, in spite of the driv-
ing snow storm, in spite of obstacles that would
have broken up any ordinary assemblage, to
renew their f Ilegiance to the union of the States,
and to urge upon you who have the power, to
grant, and grant speedily, measures of safety.and
conciliation. I am glad, also, to see that through-
out the .free States a returning sense of reason is
beginning to evidence itself; a desire, on their
part, begins to bo manifested, to a very general
extent, that something shall bo done which will
quiet and give peace to the country. I rejoice
that the State of Rhode Island has lead off in the
good work of repealing her personal liberty bill,
and that other States are following rapidly in her
footsteps. And I am especially glad to notice the
recent action of the Legislature of the loyal State
of New Jersey in the support of the propositions
of the Kentucky Senator.
Doubt not that, when you have accomplished
the return of peace and good will, you will bo
sustained by the people you represent, and that,
instead of holding yon to stiict account for over-
stepping the lines of party, they will praise you
forshowinghow nobleryou thought it,in thehour
of your country's need, to be patriotic rather than
partisan.
Let me say further, Mr. Speaker, that no mat-
ter to what extent the people of the South, who
still cling to the Union may deprecate the action
of those States which have gone out, it is a fact
not to be disguised from the country that, if there
is no wholesome and sufficient legislation within
a reasonable time, it may be difficult, if not im-
possible, to prevent the entire disruption of the
country upon ageographical line. What my own
State will do in such a dreadful emergency, I am
not authorized to say. What she will do, should
all her sister States on the border go out, and
the great neigh boring and cnlermmous sovereignty
ofVn^inia, with whom xhe is so intimately con-
nected, decide, that the moment has arrived when
she too must sunder the old bonds of the Federal
Union, and leave her sister States of the North,
I will not undertake to say; but I will say, sir,
that there will then be piesented to the consider-
ation of the people of Maryland by far the great-
estquestionm their national life, the gravest prob-
lem of their political history, upon which they
have ever been called to deliberate. 1 do not say
—1 am not authoii/.ed to say—what the decision
of my State will then be. In solemn convention
of her people, that question must be met; but I
do know, sir, that the sentiment of that State,
while it is strongly for the Union, and while the
determination of the people is to stay in the Union
so long as it is possible for them to do so in honor,
yet, at the same time, I cannot say that, when
Virginia has taken her position, Maryland may
nor feel heiselfalso pressed, by the various con-
siderations that will influence her, to join hands
with that illustrious sovereignty.
What her ultimate action will be, I repeat, I
am not authorized to speak; but I utter the sen-
timent that occurs to me m connection with her
position. She is placed in the mostembarmssing
attitude of any Stale m the Confederacy. With
a long line of two hundred miles of frontier bor-
dering upon Pennsylvania; with a line of eighty
miles bordermgupon Virginia; with hergreat rail-
road—in which she has §30,000,000—running into
Virginia, she issurioundi'd with the gravestcmbar-
lassments; and I can only rely upon her wisdom
and prudence, and accept her decision as my de-
cision, and her destiny as my destiny. Hut I
pray you to relieve her and her sister States from
this perilousembarrassmcnt. You can do it; and
if you will act wiselvand speedily upon the prop-
ositions before the House,you will be able to do
it successfully. It would crack the very heart-
strings of Maryland to be separated from the Union
of the States, the foundation-stones of which arc
cemented with the best blood of her gallant sons,
and to which alio has always clung with so much
loyal devotion and earnest reverence. Spare her,
I conjure you, the necessity of even debating a
proposition so painful.
I observe, Mr. Speaker, that my hour is nearly
out, and I must close, leaving unsaid some things
of which I had wished to speak. I have never been
able to regard with any favor this idea of a south-
ern confederation, even in its merely economic as-
pects; and I am not able with any complacency
to consider the possibility of my own State being
its frontier line. I cannot hope for us perma-
nency, based, as it must be,upon the recognized
rightofsecession,and the consequent ability ofany
of its component parts at any moment to destroy
it. Nor do I desire to see the great mechanical
and industrial interests of my State and city sub-
jected to the policy of the cotton States, which
are so likely to be its element of controlling power.
Free trade and direct taxation do not harmonize
with the interests, nor accord with the temper of
Maryland; and I have little faith in it. Born in
revolt; cradled in passion; nurtured upon excite-
ment; overriding freedom of opinion; disregard-
ing individual rights; buidened with taxation;
environed by feaiful perils in the present, and
destined to encounter more terrible troubles in the
future; based, as its foundation stone, upon the
right of anyone of its component parts at any
moment to secede from the structure, ai d thus
break it up, I regard its promises as delusive, and
its results as " Dead Sea fruits, that turn to ashes
on the hps;" and to me the "gorgeous palaces
and cloud-capped towers" that it presents to the
dazzled gaze of the youthful and the ambitious,
are as the sun-lit battlements and lengthening
vistas of some treacherous mirage, that flees into
airy nothing before the straining gaze and the ad-
vancing step of the desert traveler. Rather give
to me, and to my people, the Government that
has been tested by eighty years of successful trial.
Let not my ears be greeted with the music of the
" Marseillaise," that stirs no pulse of my Ameri-
can blood. Flaunt not before my eyes the flag
of a divided nationality, that rouses no emotion
of my American heart; but let me and my people,
I pray you, go down to our graves with the con-
secrated melodies of the nation ringing in our
ears, and over us the dome of the Union, glorious
with all its constellated stars. [Greatapplause.]
STATE OF THE UNION.
SPEECH OP H(5TSt.X F. FARNSWORTH,
OF ILLINOIS,
In the House of Representatives$
January 31, 1861.
The House having under ronsideiallon the repoit from the
select committee ol Uurty-tluee—
Mr. FARNSWORTH said:
Mr. Speaker: I take this method of address-
ing my constituents and the country. I do not
expect that anything which ma.y be said here will
influence the action of a single member of this
House. I yielded the floor this morning to the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Adams,] it
being quite indifferent to me whether 1 spoke in
the day to a House full of members or in the
evening to empty chairs and full galleries. I ad-
dress the reporters, and, through them, the peo-
ple of the second congressional districtof Illinois,
and the country generally; and it is my design,
in the few moments I shall occupy, to confine
myself chiefly to the report of the select commit-
tee of thirty-three, as that is the special order now
depending.
it is admitted on all sides, Mr. Speaker, that
this country has fallen on evil times; nor is it de-
nied that there is gre.it danger of revolution and
ultimate dismemberment of this Confederacy of
States. The only question for our consideration
seems to be what is the duty of patriots under the
circumstances which surround us. The pure pa-
triot used to be self-sacrificing. He would im-
molate himself upon the altar of his country. A
patriot in these days seems to be made of differ-
ent stuff. Instead of immolating himself, he has
only to shift his principles with every changing
political wind. Martyrs themselves used to be
burned at the stake. Now all they have to do to
acquire a crown of martyrdom is to burn their
principles, a much easier method than the old one.
