704
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 2.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. These are two
separate amendments, which, at the request of the
Senator from Arkansas, will be considered to-
gether, unless some Senator calls for their sepa-
rate consideration.
Mr. PEARCE. I would raise the question in
regard to these amendments, whether they arc
within the rule of the Senate ? If they come within
some general law, which makes them an excep-
tion to the rule of the Senate, I would like it to
be shown, 1 do not perceive, by the reading of
the amendments, that they are so,
-Mr. SEBASTIAN. They come literally within
the provisions of the sixteenth section—the Sen-
ator has the volume before him—of the act of the
30th of June, 1834. It is an act which is almost
tJhc .Bible of the Committee on Indian Affairs and
that department of the public service, which has
long since been construed, and is well understood.
By the sixteenth section of that act it is provided,
that wherever any white person goes on an In-
dian reservation, or in a part of territory reserved
for Indian purposes, and commits any depredation
or trespass, by stealing or destruction of their
property, ihe United States will become respon-
sible for it, in case the Indian does not seek any
private revenge, if they attempt to arrest the dep-
redators and bring them to justice, or else show
cause why they have not done it.
The testimony in this case, the certificate of
the United States agent, shows clearly that it was
utterly impossible for them to bring: the depreda-
tors of that day and place to public justice. There
was, unfortunately, a plentiful lack of both public
and private justice in Kansas at that day. It was
impossible for the Indian to enforce his own rights
against the strong arm of violence that pervaded
the whole Territory. To show this fact conclu-
sively, 1 will state that the United States marshal
arrested ten or fifteen offenders, and they were
bound over, but finally escaped. Many of the
depredators they were unable, of course, in con-
sequence of the character of the times* to identify.
Some they pursued, and satisfied themselves that
the depredators belong to white men; but who
tliey were could never be positively ascertained in
many of the cases; but when they did asceituin
it, the means for enforcing the law were so en-
feebled, in consequence of the disturbed state of
affairs, that it would have been idle to expect an
Indian to show that alacrity and energy in pros-
ecuting a white man for depredations upon a weak
and helpless tribe that would have been expected
from other persons.
The Commissioner of Indian Affairs, in his offi-
cial communication, says, that, in view of all the
circumstances, he thinks they have exercised all
the diligence and used all the energy which, un-
der the circumstances, could have been expected
of them; and therefore the strict literal terms of
this sixteenth section ought not to be enforced
against them. At the last session of Congress, in
the case ot*the Shawnees, from the same consid-
eration precisely,and fordcprcdationscommuted
upon Indians in the same way, and under the
same circumstances, we passed, without any diffi-
culty here at all, an act indemnifying them for
depredations committed upon them, and waived a
Strict compliance with the provision in the six-
teenth section.
Mr. PEARCE. The sixteenth section of the
act provides:
(< That whore, in the commission, by a white person, of
any crime, offer>s«„ or misdemeanor,within the Indian coun-
try, the pioperty of any friendly Indian ts taken, injured, or
destroyed, ;md a conviction is had for «uch crime, offense,
or misdemeanor, the person so convicted shall be sentenced
to pay," &c.
And then it further provides:
"That if such offender cannot he apprehended and
brought to trial, the amount of such property shall be paid
out of the Tieasury as aforesaid."
The only thing which appears to be definite in
the statement of the Senator is, that it has not
been sufficiently proven that any of these depre-
dations were committed by white persons. He
says they have satisfied themselves 
Mr. SEBASTIAN. The Indian agent is sat-
jigfied, and the office is satisfied.
Mr. PEARCE. It is necessary that that should
be r&ade to appear satisfactorily to the Senate, or
the right to reimburse them at the Treasury does
riot follow.
' Mr. FfeSSENDEN. Mr. President 
Mr, SEBASTIAN. The Senator will indulge
me a moment. The provision of the sixteenth
section, which has been read, has two aspects:
one in case of the apprehension and conviction of
the offender; or, if that cannot be done, in either
case they are entitled to indemnity at the Treas-
ury. In case of the apprehension and conviction
of the offender, of course that furnishes the high-
est evidence of the identity of the person; but it
naturally supposes that, where they have not
been apprehended and convicted, there must be
something else than that evidence, the character
of which carries absolute certainty with it. The
evidence, therefore, in this case is all that is re-
quired ; and that they have furnished by their own
affidavits, and by the certificate of the United
States Indian agent, that it was utterly impossible
to ascertain who the offenders were, or to bring
them to justice. The act of course contemplates
just such a state of facts as exists in the present
case; because the Indians are to be redressed,
whether the depredator is convicted and punished,
or they were unable to procure his conviction. Or
course, under the latter clause of the act, it would
be in vain that we should expect they could al-
ways identify the man, because when they iden-
tified him, they could use every exertion to bring
him to justice. The act does not contemplate it,
as the Senator will see.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 do not know anything
about the merits of this amendment. It may be
all very just and right; but I think the Senator
does not get rid of the objection made as a ques-
tion of order in relation to it. A very large num-
ber of our claims come under some general law.
There are a great many under the post office law
for services rendered. There are a great many
under other laws of d ifferen t descriptions; but that
is not what is meant by the rule, because in that
way you might put every claim against this Gov-
ernment, for services perfor/ned under a general
law, upon the appropriation bill. That is not
what is meant. There must be a law applying
to the particular subject, and a law passed with
reference to fixing the particular debt itself, and
an appropriation for that individual; otherwise
you will bring everybody on these appropriation
bills. So it has been held by the Chair in decid-
ing this question. Ilere is a law, to be sure, that
may cover a thousand cases, but there is no as-
certainment, no liquidation under this general law
at all; and therefore this claim is not entitled to
come in under that law, and be put on an appro-
priation bill.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. The premises of the Sen-
ator are right; he is only mistaken as to the fact.
He says that every claim, to come on an appro-
priation bill, must arise under some law. That is
true. Every claim to go upon a money bill must
arise under some existing law or treaty. It must
also be definite in amount*, and I imagine, as a
general principle, it must be made definite by the
authority that has a right to do so—the agent ap-
pointed by law for that purpose. That is pre-
cisely the state of the facts which are involved in
the question now before the Senate. It belongs
to the Indian department to ascertain and define
the amount which isdue uponproof under the law;
and it is under the estimates of that very depart-
ment, to which the law has confided this duty, that
we ask for a particular number of dollars and cents
to fulfill the stipulations of the law. It wants noth-
ing, according to the proposition of the Senator,
to make it a complete and existing——
Mr. BRAGG. Is it estimated for by the de-
partment?
Mr. SEBASTIAN. Yes, sir We reduced the
estimate about seven hundred dollars.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. These claims
are undoubtedly of a private character; but that
would not exclude them under the rule, neces-
sarily. The question then arises, are they in pur-
suance of the provisions of some existing law or
treaty stipulation? If so, they are admissible
under the rules. The Chair has barely heard the
reading of the treaty under which it is claimed
that these amendments come in order; and with-
out time for consideration, the first impression,
and the present impression, of the Chair is, that
these claims some equitably within the provision!
of that treaty; and therefore are admissible as
amendments to this bill. That is the ruling of the
Chair. The question is on agreeing to these amend-
ments.
The amendments were rejected.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I offer the following amend-
ment, to come in at the end of the bill:
For payment to the orphans and their heirs, provided for
in the first article of the treaty of 1832 with the Creek In-
dians, and to be in lieu of the investment of $200,000, re-
quired to be made by the sixth article of the treaty of-1856,
with the same Indians, the geneial council of the Creeks,
representing both the nation and the orphans, having pro-
posed and agreed to substitute the present invested fund of
the said orphan", arisingfrom the sale of their lands under
the treaty of 1832, tor and in place of the investment of
$200,000 for purposes of education, required by the sixth
article of the treaty of 1856, and that said amount shall be
paid to said orphans and their heirs, which arrangement
has been sanctioned and approved by the Department of
the Interior, payment to be made to the said orphans and
their heirs under such regulations or instructions as the
Secretary of the Interior shall prescribe, $200,000.
It is hardly necessary to explain the amend-
ment. It involves no appropriation; it is a mere
exchange of one Creek fund for another, which
suits the convenience of the Creek tribe of In-
dians, and which they ask for through their na-
tional council.
/The amendment was agreed to.
^gMr. SEBASTIAN. I offer one other amend-
ment, which I believe is the last that I have:
For carrying into effect the eleventh aiticle of the treaty
with the Choctaw tribe of Indians, made the 22d day of
June, 1855, and the award of the Senate made puisuant
thereto, on the 9th of March, 1859, the sum oi $1,202,560 85,
being the undisputed balance due them. So much thereof
as the proper authorities of the tribe shall determine to be
necessary for the payment of the claims which, by the
twelfth article of the treaty the Choctaws have assumed to
pay, and of such other liabilities of the tribe as they may
ascertain and determine to be just, shall be paid over, on
their requisition, at such time and in such manner as they
shall request; and the residue remaining, alter satisfying
such claims and liabilities, shall be held in trust for the
benefit of the Choctaws, accor^ng to the provisions of the
thnteentharticleof the &aidtreaty. In lieu of makingsuch
payments In money, the Secretary of the Treasury may,
at his discretion, issue to the Choctaws, on their requisi-
tion, as aforesaid, certificates ot stock in the name of the
United States, bearing interest at the rate of six per cent,
per annum, payable semi-annually at the Treasuiy of the
United States, said ceitificates to be redeemable in ten
years, or sooner, at the pleasuie of the Pi^sidentof the Uni-
ted States, and to be transferable by the proper authorises
of the Choctaw nation in such form as the Secretary of the
Tieasury shall prescribe: Provided, That the question
whether the undetermined balance not now appropriated of
$1,130,000 ot the sum reported by the Committee of Indian
Affairs as due to the Choctaws, under the treaty and award
atoiesaid, is a legitimate charge against the Choctaws by
the terms of said award, be reserved for the future decision
of the Senate.
This is an amendment with which the Senate
is somewhat familiar, which provides for the ful-
fillment of the treaty of 1855 with the Choctaws,
paying them the amount ascertained by the arbi-
tration of the Senate on the 9th of March, 1859.
It will be perceived by Senators who are familiar
with this claim, that the amendment abandons
any proposed action now upon anything cxcept
what is the undisputed balance. This is done m
order that nothing like a surprise or hasty action,
shall be had upon the whole amount of the claim.
The amount now asked for is undisputed every-
where, by all the departments of the Government,
and undisputed in any debate or criticism upon
this claim which has ever taken place heretofore
in the Senate. It is precisely the amount which;
no one questions and which every one admits to
be faithfully, fairly, and honestly due .to the
Choctaws now. It postpones the consideiation
of the balance of it to a future time when under
changed circumstances of affairs, or when, these
matters being better understood, it can receive a
hearing which shall not be even suspected of
being hasty or inconsiderate. It obviates the dif-
ficulty arising out of the financial condition of the
country now, by proposing to take as cash at par
the Government six per cent, bonds payable in
ten years. As a financial operation to the Gov-
ernment, that evidently would commend itself to
our serious consideration, because they take six
per cent, stock in lieu of money, for which we
are absolutely paying eleven or twelve per cent,
at this time. The Government therefore saves
this much ; and if there is any sacrifice, any de->
parture from what is strictly right, the Indians
are to be the sufferers of it, and voluntarily make
the concession now in consequence of their greats
need of the appropriation
The Choctaw nation is a large nation, a civil-
ized nation, of more than twenty thousand inhab-
itants; and the misfortune of the last season, the
I great drought, has operated with great hardship
! on them, and they need a large portion of this
amount for the purpose of relieving their physi-
