THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, P. C.
Thirty-Sixth Congress, 2d Session.
TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 5, 1861.
New Series No. 45.
cal necessities, and anticipating the wants which
wii! evidently come upon them the ensuing sea-
son. That is a reason why I ask, in somewhat an
importunate manncr,that the undoubted amount
due them shall be appropriated now, leaving for
future consideration all that has ever been ques-
tioned.
"With this brief explanation,arisingoutof con-
siderations which were not applicable to the case
at the last session, I do not consider it nccessary
to go into the merits of the claim—a kind of dis-
cussion which is more apt to complicate and mis-
lead than to enlighten the Senate. Every Senator
knows that what wc ask for here, is asked for to
be paid in a mode least inconvenient to the Gov-
ernment, by which the Choctaws alone lose, and
it is asked for as an amount that no one ques-
tions, and no Senator has ever disputed. The
most strenuous opponents of the claim have al-
ways admitted that what is asked in the amend-
ment is strictly and legitimately due.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I suppose it will be of
no use to laise a question of oider on this amend-
ment, as the chairman of the Committee on Fi-
nance [Mr. Hunter] last year did not deem that
he could do it; and 1 believe he was in the habit
of raising questions of order on every thing which
he thought did not come strictly within the rules.
Therefore I shall not attempt to do that; but I wish
to say, from the little examination—and I admit
the somewhat inconsideiable examination [have
given it—I am opposed to paying anything in
the present state of things, under this Choctaw
treaty and the subsequent action of the Senate
thereon.
The Senator from Arkansas says that this
amendment only provides for so much as is un-
disputed. No w, sir, taking the action of the Senate
twoyears ago to have been an understanding,sen-
sibleaction; supposingthe Senate perfectly knew
what it was about at that time, and did nolaufier
itsc-lf, by its own inattention, to be misled into
professing to do something which it did not do—
it might be very true that nobody could object to
this amount of money being paid. But, sir, last
year, when the proposition came up, it occasioned
a very considerable debate, and the debate went
to the whole matter from the beginning to the end.
I then said m the debate, after listening to it at-
tentively throughout, knowing nothing about the
specific claim, that it was evident to my mind the
Senate nevei had understood the question, never
had acted undei standingly upon it at all, and ought
not to be bound by its previous action. I remain
of that opinion to this day.
The state of facts is a very simple one. There
were certain treaties made with the Choctaw In-
dians, providing for an exchange of territory east
of the Mississippi river, for certain territory west
of the Mississippi river, in 1820 and in lb'30, the
two treaties were made. There were certain res-
ervations and certain stipulations on the part of
the Government with these Indians. It may be
true, and very probably is true, that some of these
stipulations were never performed; and on the
strength of the non-performance of these individ-
ual stipulations, the Indians, through their agents,
whoever they might have been, set up a claim to
be paid the whole amount of the proceeds of the
sales of the lands which they hau ceded east of
the Mississippi river, although they had a very
large portion of the territory, and a much moie
valuable one west of the Mississippi river ceded
to them m exchange. Now, sir, I have read tln-sc
treaties carefully, from beginning to end; and I say
that I am unable to perceive under them the lrast
shadow of foundation for the claim to the pro-
ceeds of the sales of these lands, if there were
anything in these treaties which gave color to the
idea that the Indians are not only to have the
lands which they received, and which they re-
ceived m fee if I am rightly informed, west of
the river, but in addition to that to have all done
for them that the treaties pn_sciibrd5 and then to
have the pioceeds of dl the lands which they con-
veyed east of the river besides, according to then*
pretension—they would be very singular and re-
45
markable treaties; but that is the ground on
which it is put.
Under these circumstances, that being so, and it
continuingalongfrom 3S30to 1855,andtherebeing
undoubtedly some infractions of the treaty—I do
not know how great—in 1855 a new treaty was
made, by which it was agreed that the whole mat-
ter should be left to the Senate of the United States
to settle whether they should receive the amount
of these sales, as claimed by them, or a gross
amount to be fixed by the Senate in full for
what they alleged they had suffered by the infrac-
tion of the treaties. The Committee on Indian
Affairs brought into the Senate, under that pro-
vision, a resolution reciting what had been agreed
upon, and providing that the amount should be
paid over. It was brought into the Senate by
the Senator from Arkansas, [Mr. Sebastian,] as
chairman of the committee, at the extra session,
and there were about a dozen words passed on
the subject. My friend from New York [Mr.
King] inquired what it meant. I have looked
into the debate. A very shoit explanation was
given. It was said by the Senator from Arkansas
that, in reality, it was taking nothing whatever
from this Government; because, if it did not go
in tins way, it would go out to pay for damages
which had never been ascertained and never ex-
amined by anybody in any shape—the claims for
injuries on account of the non-peiformance of cer-
tain conditions of the treaties. Thatpassed. I was
in the Senate at the time. I do not presume that
half a dozen members of the S< natc knew any-
thing about it. We know how these Indian treaties
pass here, and we know how these piovisions
under Indian treaties pass here. They come in
from the Committee on Indian Affairs; they are
stated to be all right, and undoubtedly believed to
be ail right. Had it been stated to me; had I been
given to understand at that time that this matter
was to be left to me to settle, as one of the arbi-
trators; to examine, to understand, and to award
upon it, it would not have passed without my
giving at least enough attention to it to under-
stand what I was acting upon; and I will venture
to say, you may put the question to almost any
number of Senators, and you will not find that
there were half a dozen who ever knew or ever
dreamed that anything of that sort was done, much
less that so laige an amountof money was parted
with, as it seems was parted with at that time.
The question was pat to the honorable Senator
how much it would amount to.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Can the Sen-
ator tell anything about the circumstances of any
treaty that has been passed and confirmed here,
and approved, of four years'standing? I have
never heard m my life of such a course of oppo-
sition taken towards anything as tiie Senator is
pursuing now. I would ask him does he recognize
at all that there is any termination to any measure
that is earer brought here? that there is any obliga-
tion that can be consummated and made perfect
upon us to discharge any duty by the legitimate,
official, approved action of both branches of Con-
gress and the Executive? And yet, he is going
behind the whole of that, and demanding know-
ledge from every one, when it is utterly impossi-
ble, it seems to me, that it can be properly fur-
nished, or required by him.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator from A rkan-
sas undoubtedly has his views on the subject, and
i have mine. It may be surprising to him; it is
not surprising to me. I must chum the ptivdege
of exercising my own judgment -ipon it in this as
well as in any other stage. I am stating why I
t«m opposed to the whole of it.
I stated, Mr. Piesident, the mode in which it
must have been passed; and I inferred that it
passed just ay Indian treaties have passed, with-
out notice on the part of Senators. Unquestion-
ably it is a very fault}* mode. We are respons-
ible for it ourselvis. I feel responsible for it.
I blame nobody else; I do not undeitako to find
fault with anybody but myst If in rela'ion to the
matter, so far as 1 am individually concerned: and
1 only speak fiom experience as to how these
things have gone through. If I read the debate
aright, the Senator from Arkansas, [Mr. Sebas-
tian.] when inquired of at the time by (he Sen-
ator from New York, [Mr. King,] said very
frankly that it was a large claim; that he could not
undertake to say how much it was;buthc thought
it would not exceed $800,000. When it came
in, however, it was nearly three million, as re-
ported; and it was afterwards struck down to
$2,200,000, or $9,300,000, showing the fact that
no sort of understanding was had with reference
to it here in any shape or form.
What is the ground upon which it is put? It
is put upon the ground that it is a thing settled,
an award made, that the Senate have awarded it,
and therefore we cannot go behind it, and make
any inquiry whatever. Now, sir, you cannot
apply to the Senate the rules of law, of practice
in the courts, where there is power to make de-
crees, and to enforce them. There is nobody to
compel the Senate to perform its award; and there-
fore you cannot argue m that way with regard to
it. The Senate cannot be compelled, Congress
cannot be compelled, because there is no power
big enough to do it, to perform this that is called
an award; ami the only question is: was the award
understanding^ made? If it was not—if we did
not know what we were about, and did not take
sufficient pains to inquire what wc were about—
wc have a right to reexamine the matter, and in-
quire now what we did; and it is not only a right,
but a duty. We are notactingforourselves; we
are not the parties who pay the money. The
money does not come out of our individual pock-
ets. If it were so, we might be argued with in
that way; but we are trustees for the public. Con-
gress manages the public money, as the trustee
of the people; and because the Senate, in thought-
lessness, and without information, and without
consideration, have made what is callcdan award
so monstrous in all its consequences and in its
amount, it is no reason why I should be bound
down by a rule of law, and be told " if an award
has been made against an individual, it can be
enfoieod by the court; and therefore you have
nothing to say in regard to it."
I do not hold to the conclusive character of this
award, as it is called, at all. It is my duty to
look into it again. I am willing to do justice to
these Indians; and if they are entitled to the pro-
ceeds of these .sales on a fair and thorough under-
standing and examination of the subject, I am
willing that they sha'l have the proceeds. I say,
however, they are no: entitled to them under those
treaties, unless I am very much mistaken in the
view I take of the law with reference to the sub-
ject. Moreover, it being manifest, to my mind,
speaking for myself a 3 one, and speaking for many
others who have told me the same thing on the
subject, that that matter passed without sufficient
examination, I ask, are we to be told, when we
are acting for the country in relation to millions
of dollars, that, beca.ise the Senate happened in
that mode to arrive at that conclusion, therefore
we must spend the money of the public in carry-
ing that out, and cannot review our own action ?
By no manner of means, in my judgment. 1
made the objection last year that this thing should
be thoroughly examined by somo competent tri-
bunal, to find out, u the first place, what the
amount of these claims was; and then, if the Sen-
ate should see fit, on a full examination, to repass
the resolution whicl came from the committee
las*- yi nv on the same subject, so be it. I am ready
to do it if it is just; but 1 will not be bound by it
individually without knowing that when I act, I
act understand ingly on the subject.
Now, sir, I disputi that this sum of $1,200,000
is due. It may be far aught 1 know; but I say
there has been no examination to ascertain the
fact. The chnhman of the committee last year
stated thatmithc-r hr nor any mortal man knew
what the amount of the claims on the part of
these Indians was, n<-r could they tell; and there-
fore it was jumped at. That is no way to settle an
account of this desciiption. I do not behove in
the idea that these Indians—who, I aminloimed,
