706
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 2,
are really the best off of any people in the coun-
try anywhere, white or colored, of any descrip-
tion—wefe to have, by the terms of this treaty,
all the great and valuable.territory that was con-
veyed to them by .the Government; have their
expenses paid for moving; several large reserva-
tions besides; and then, m addition to that, the
proceeds of every acre of land that was conveyed
to the Government as a consideration for what
they got west of the river. It does not strike me
as just. I do not believe it was ever intended.
Mr. GREEN. I shall not undertake to violate
the injunction of secrecy,by saying in whatmanner
Indian treaties are generally ratified. I think that
is a sealed book, and I shall not undertake to
penetrate it; but I will say this 
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator had bettor
bring in a vote of censure on me.
Mr. GREEN. Not at all.
Mr. FESSENDEN. He should not censure
me by implication.
Mr. GREEN. I am speaking for myself; but
I must protest against this idea that the condition
of the Treasury is to be a reason why we should
not vote this claim. I think during this session
more contradictory positions have been taken,
with regard to claims, than I ever heard before.
Honest creditors of the Government, who have
expended their means in its service, come and beg
for justice, and they cannotbe heard. When their
claim is admitted to be just, they are put off with
the plea that the Treasury is so empty that we
are not able to pay; and when they have been kept
here spending their money year after year for ten
or fifteen years, and at length you allow the claim,
you say, we will not pay interest because the Gov-
ernment is presumed at all times to be ready to
pay it. Now, these are contradictory positions;
one conflicts with the other; and I think, there-
fore, that the Senator from Maine is not right in
this, to interpose an objection because there is no
money 
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have not said a word
about that.
Mr. GREEN. But he is right in this; we ought
to go into the merits of the case.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator could not
have attended to what I said. I have not said a
word about there being no money in the Treasury.
I confined myself entirely to the merits of the
question.
Mr. GREEN. I understood the Senator to
commence his remarks by saying he was opposed
to it in the present condition of the country.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Not at all.
Mr. GREEN. If you did not make those re-
marks, I am mistaken. I think you will find them
in the reporter's notes before you. Whether that
is so or not, those remarks have been made fre-_
qucntly, and I desire at once to enter my protest
against that process of reasoning. We either
have a Government, or we have not. If we have
a Government, that Government must do justice.
If the Government is not able now to pay, it does
not prevent them from making the allowance,
and pulling it in a legal form, so that when we do
get the money, they can draw it without coming
here and petitioning and begging and praying
Congress to do what Congress ought at once to
do—pay your debts; acknowledge your debts.
If a man is poor, it does not prevent him from
being honest. If the Government is without funds
in the Tieasury, they can still make the appro-
priation, and provide the ways and means for
payment. It will raise the credit of your Gov-
ernment; and if you have to go into market to
sell your bonds, you will sell them higher by show-
ing that you are determined to do justice to all;
but if you turn off all, and do justice to none, and
you go into Wall street and undertake to nego-
tiate a loan, you will fincf that the money brokers
will be unwilling to trust you; and they ought to
be. I will vote taxes; I will vote duties; I will
vote a loon. I want the Government to keep up
its honor and its character; and adequate means
for that purpose I am at all times ready to vote,
provided you will do justice; but without that I
shall not do it.
Now, as respects this claim, I can only say this:
the little attention I have paid to it is in conse-
quence of the remarks of the Senator from Ark-
ansas. I view it a little differently from the Sen-
ator from Maine. My recollection is, that there
iva-: a treuty made by which they relinquished cer-
tain lands in Mississippi and received as a con-
sideration the lands west of Arkansas, reserving
certain other lands in Mississippi. These other
lands, by a subsequent treaty, were to be sold, and
the proceeds paid to them. This is my recollec-
tion of it; ana this inquiry is as to the amount of
the sales of this reserved land in Mississippi. An
award has been made. The Senatorfrom Maine
says we are not bound by technical rules as indi-
viduals would be on an arbitrament; that we can-
not be coerced. That is true; but there is a moral
obligation as strong upon the Senate as upon an
individual; and because the sheriff cannot come
and take us and put us in jail till we obey the writ,
is no reason why the moral obligation of honor
should not influence us. If we have provided a
mode for the purpose of ascertaining the amount
due them, and that mode has been followed up,
and the amount ascertained and laid before the
Department, I think there is a moral obligation
upon us to see that that is paid. Such I under-
stand to be the case in this instance; and I under-
stand further that the Department acknowledged
it to the extent proposed by the amendment of the
Senator from Arkansas, and I think, therefore,
we ought to allow it.
Mr. GWIN. The Senator from Missouri has
evidently fallen into some errors in connection
with this claim. He says that this claim arises
from certain lands which were reserved to the
Choctaw Indians in Mississippi, the proceeds of
which are to be paid over by this award. The
Senator is entirely mistaken. Now, sir, I suppose
there is no member of this body who knows more
about this subject of the treaties in Mississippi
than myself, for I was for a long time resident
there.
Under the treaty of 1890, the Choctaw nation
ceded a portion of their lands to the United States,
and received in consideration a large tract of land
west of the Mississippi river, the country they
now occupy; but they only got a possessory
title to it, such as the Indians had in other terri-
tories of the United States, which had created a
great deal of difficulty. In 1830 a further treaty
was made, owing to the difficulty between these
Indians and the government of Mississippi; and
it became a very serious question whether there
would not be a collision between the United States
and the State of Mississippi on the subject.
General Jackson sent his Secretary of War to
make a treaty with these Indians. Knowing the
difficulty between theUnited States and the people
of Mississippi, having shrewd and able men as
their chiefs, these Indians demanded for the ces-
sion of the balance of their country, not only
enormous grants for their chiefs, but a title in fee to
the magnificent empire, a possessory title to which
had been given them in 1820. They received a
patent—and were the first tribe of Indians that
ever did, so far as my knowledge extends—for
millions upon millions of acres of land more than
they ceded to the United States in 1830. Not
only that, Mr. President, but they have sold a
portion of this very land to the Chickasaws, and
received five hundred and forty or five hundred
and fifty thousand dollars for it. They have sold a
portion to theUnited States,and received$600,000
for it. Under the treaty of 1820, there were-re-
served hundreds of thousands of acres to those
who chose to remain on the laud which was then
receded. They were given the land they lived
upon. Magnificent provision was made for the
orphans. The lands reserved for them were some
of the best in Mississippi, and sold for enormous
sums of money. There never was a treaty under
which the Indians received such benefits as the
Choctaws did under the treaty of 1820. Subse-
quent disputes arose, and numerous acts of Con-
gress have been passed providing for protecting
the Indians in cases where their lands had been
taken away from them, and in those cases scrip
was issued to them under the fourteenth and other
articles of this treaty.
I was for many years a citizen of Mississippi;
and I never heard it whispered by any man, until
very recently, that there was a shadow of claim
in the Choctaws for the proceeds of the sales of
those lands. Enormous grants were given to
them. Their chiefs were given principalities; and
all the heads of families that chose to remain there
were given land. The years 1834, 1835, 1836,
1837, were agtcat speculative era ill the history
of this country in the purchase of public lands;
and under that speculation in the public lands, a
vast amount of these lands was sold at $1 25 per
acre. The money was paid into the Treasury of
the United States, and it was distributed out of
the Treasury to the several States. That money
is not in the Treasury. This is a claim for money
that was paid into the Treasury more than a quar-
ter of a century ago, and given away to the sev-
eral States in the Confederacy. It is not in the
Treasury now, nor has it been therefor a quarter
of a century.
This case is not similar to that of the Chicka-
saws, who were allowed the whole proceeds of the
sales of their lands. The Chickasaws had no
country to goto; no magnificent empire, as I may
call it, considering the number of persons that then
composed the tribe, as the Choctaws had. The
Chickasaws, having no country to go to, weregiveft
the whole proceeds of their lands in the State of
Mississippi; but an important provision was put
in there for the benefit of the people of that State,
by which the lands were graduated and brought
down to twelve and a half cents an acre; while
the Choctaw lands were kept up until the settle-
ments in the State should bring them into notice
and sell them; and they were held up, until very
recently, at $125 per acre. The proceeds of those
lands must be upwards of §7,000,000 or$8,000,000.
I have not looked into the figures at all; but I am
certain the proceeds of the sales of the Choc-
taw purchase made under the treaty of 1830 must
be upwards of §7,000,000. The claim is gradu-
ated. Last year it was $2,300,000; this year it is
$1,200,000; but I am confident the returns will
show that the net proceeds over all expenditures
amounted to §3,000,000, or in that neighborhood.
All the proceeds of the sales of the Chickasaw
lands were given to them for the reason I have
stated—they had no country to go to. They went
and bought a portion of the lands of the Choctaws,
and gave them $500,000 for the privilege of living
there. These Chickasaws and Choctaws have
since sold lands to the United States for which
they have received §800,000—§600,000 for the
Chactaws and §200,000 for the Chicasaws. The
United States paid that sum to them in order to
obtain the privilege for the Washita and other
Indians to occupy a portion of their country.
Sir, I undertake to say that you may take the
treaty of 1820 and the treaty of 1830, and there
is not a provision in either of those treaties that
gives them a shadow of a claim to the proceeds
of the public lands, within the cession of 1830,
in the State of Mississippi. It is an enormous
claim. It ought to be examined with a great deal
of care and attention. So far as I am concerned,
I never heard of any action of the Senate on the
subject, although 1 was a member of the body
until this matter was brought before the Finance
Committee, a year ago. I feel it my duty to make
this statement in connection with this matter from
the knowledge I have had of the affairs of those
tribes of Indians heretofore, and also to sustain
the action of the Finance Committee in opposi-
tion to this claim.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. The Senator
from California says he feels it his duty to make
this statement to the Senate in connection with
this matter. He also say3 that he has not looked
into it at all; and therefore I think he throws a
shadow over all that he says, in that respect, when
he makes an assault upon what is undoubtedly
and undeniably the action of this Government
under alt the highest sanctions that can be thrown
around it. That, I know, will not be disputed.
The Senator from California carries us back to the
treaties of 1820 and 1830. What are we consid-
ering now ? It is proposed that we shall make an
appropriation m accordance with the exact terms
of a treaty entered into under the fulf authority
of this Government, and maturely" considered by
this Senate in executive session, after previous
examination in the Committee on Indian Affairs,
after a reference of it to the Interior Department,
and full consideration of it there by as able an
officer as this Government has ever had at the
head of that bureau. Afterall this; after the treaty
has been confirmed by the Senate, and the award
made under the authority of this Government, and
the items and particulars all considered and re-
ported, and the award acted upon, objection is
made to giving it the sanction of the Senate. I will
ask the chairman of the committee what is the
amount of the whole award?
