1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
707
Mr. SEBASTIAN. Two million three hun-
dred thousand dollars.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Two million
three hundred thousand dollars is the award,and
it is in pursuance of a treaty. That treaty was
made in 1855. It is of recent date. Can it bo
possible that there is any truth in the suspicion
which is thrown around this matter, that it is en-
tirely baseless? The only construction you can
give to the language of the Senator from Califor-
nia is, that the whole thing is baseless, that it is
all unjust, that it is all unfounded; and you are
to believe that, though the Senator says he has
not examined the case. This subject was before
Congress for a great many years, until a treaty
was made recognizing it. It was then continued
before one department of this Government and
another, first the executive, and then the Senate,
until it has come to this pass, that they have had
a delegation here year After year, I think ever
since I have been in seiviee in the city of Wash-
ington, which has been somewhat lengthy. After
thus having the action of the Government in dif-
ferent departments on this subject, can we now
turn around and say we will not pay any part of
this award? You are not now asked to pay the
whole amount of the old award. That portion of
it which was disputed when it was last under
consideration in the Senate, is left off. You are
not even asked to consider it. Can Senators say
they will not pay that portion of the award which
no one objected to, which was clearly embiaced
by your tieaty, which was approved by the De-
partments and reported here for appropriation,
and which was undisputed and is undisputed, upon
these generalizations which come from the Sena-
tor from California and the Senator from Maine?
If the Senate were to agree to their argument, it
would seem to me to be unreasonable, in this:
that it would dechue the fact thatno action of this
Government can ever be conclusive, as to the
payment of any sum of money, for any purpose
or to any quarter.
Neither of the Senators, I am sure, can dispute
for an instant the confirmation of the treaty under
which this claim arises. No one, I presume, will
dispute the fait consideration of the award. No
one will dispute that it was approved, after a full
examination, by all the branches of the Executive
Department of the Government where it was ne-
cessary, prudent, or wise, that it should be exam-
ined or considered. There is only one difficulty
that exist d at the last time this subject was under
consideration, which was raised by the Secretary
of the Interior, Mr. Thompson, in considering it;
and that was to a portion of the award. He him-
self, after going on most laboriously to hunt up
and find every objection that could be arrayed,
could bring forward objection only to a part, and
that part is not included in this appropriation. If,
at the time this subject was under consideration
by the Senate before, a proposition had been made
towards the close of that debate by the Commit-
tee on Indien Affairs, who had charge of it, to
this effect: since the Chocktaws earnestly pray
the recognition and payment of some part of then-
claims, let us make an appropriation for the pres-
ent of the amount which is not contested—it would
have passed at once.
I have, thought i.t unfortunate, at the present
time, that this measure should be brought in with
this reduction, rather than with the claim of all
their rights—not their lights as they are under-
stood in this body to be generally declared, but
their generally acknowledged rights under treaty
stipulations confirmed by theSemite;underawards
confirmed by the Senate; under repeated examin-
ations of every branch of the Department, where
we know there is integrity, and where we know
there have been hostility and opposition of the
most rigid character brought to bear against the
admission of any part ot the claim. Does not
every Senator here know, or if lie does not know,
does he not feel, that the opposition that is made
to this matter is general; that it is not only gen-
eral, but it comes from a repugnance to paying
anything.' We hear much talk about the neces-
sity, before such sums are paid, of mature and
thorough investigation. That would be nicelan-
guage to hold to these tribes, who are, I have no
question, haunting this Hall now, as they have
been haunting Congress for many years, humble
petitioners to you, reverend Senators, for thirty
years, asking you to consider their claim, and re-
lieve them from bogging at your door, and from
the expense incident to the constant maintenance
of a delegation, which eats up a decided portion
of the means that they have, in asking you to
give them justice.
You must have a thorough investigation I Will
the Senator from Maine make it? No, sir; he
will not do it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. No.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Not a bit of it.
You are candid and frank in saying so; for I be-
lieve it. You will not. Who will? Will ama-
jority of this Senate make it? Did they ever
make it upon any question that ever came before
us, unless it was the slavery question? Never in
my day. How, then, shall we have a full inves-
tigation? I should be pleased to know. How
shall we have any action of this Government,
upon which one or two men cannot get up and
throw a stain and an imputation upon the char-
acter and integrity of the transaction? How can
we ever bring it to that position by anything of
sanctity that we can throw around it that will
enable us to cast a vote without great danger that
we arc doing absolute violence to truth and justice
and right?
Now, Mr. President, this ease is simply this:
these Indians, for a great many years, have been
claiming that this Government had not dealt justly
and settled fairly with them. That complaint has
been made by them for a great number of years,
as the lemaiks of the Senator from California
have shown. At length, some few yeais since,
Congress and the Government woke up, so far ns
to consider the question; and, upon full investi-
gation, they made that treaty. All of it has been
ratified, confirmed,and settled; and the only thing
that lemams to be done, is to pay the money.
The last time the matter came before us, the whole
amount of the award, which was some two mil-
lion three hundred thousand dollars, was deemed
to be undisputed. It came up to be considered
by the Interior Department, after it had been
passed in the Indian bureau, and was partly ex-
cepted to by the Secretary oft he Interior,reducing
it again; and now, when it is brought down to the
last point, when it is reduced to the balance always
before uncxcepted to and deemed unobjection-
able, and is brought befoie you m that shape, a
question is raised whether the whole claim, from
the beginning, has not been rotten; and whether
every branch of the Government has not falsified
and abandoned Us integrity and its intelligence;
whether all is not wrong, and whether we should
pay it to any extent, or not.
Now, sir, according to my memory of the re-
marks of the Senator from Maine, although he
has taken occasion to declare that he did not say
what I understood him to say, much of his oppo-
sition is due to the present condition of the coun-
try. 1 do not mean that the Senator intended to
say—I do not diaw that conclusion—that he
would not pay, or agree to acknowledge, a just
debt and provide for its payment, because of the
condition of the countiy; but the conclusion I
draw from it is, that the condition of the country is
just so far involved as the section of the country is
concerned where the matter is. 1 should be sorry
if, on account of the vacancy of so many seats
lately occupied by southern Senators, justice is
not to be had here. 1 .trust it is not intended as
a declaration from the other side, in the suprem-
acy of their power and the strength of their feel-
ings—that they do not mean that the condition of
the country shall be forgotten in their legislation.
It is no guarantee, no soothing satisfaction to my
soul, to know that I am here under such circum-
stances. I am sorry to think the condition of the
country has anything to do with the opposition
to this claim. It is a claim which has passed
through every branch of the executive depart-
ment, that has been through the ticaty-makmg
power,and been confirmed here; that has obtained
an award from the Senate on strict investigation.
When it came up, with all these sanctions, before
the Secretary of the Interior, he cut oil part of
the amount; and the Indians have now come for-
ward and said, " Take all the balance, if you will
only give us what nobody has heretofore ob-
jected to."
1 am soiry that the Senator from California
could lend himself to any opposition of this char-
acter; and I do not really believe that I could have
understood him rightly, because he does not ordi-
narily resist, those claims which are precluded
here from further investigation by our previous
, action, and particularly when it must be apparent
to him, as it is to every one else, that it is idle to
' talk about going into a thorough examination now
on these subjects, when the Senator from Maine
admits that iie has never made an investigation of
it, and when he frankly admits, as I understand,
that he would not take on himself at any future
time the investigation of this matter unless, indeed,
the Senate itself were to require itof him. When
this is the case, I take it that the Senator from
Maine and the Senator from California cannot
well and with justice totally refuse to pay any
part even of that which is undeniable, and whicli
throughout all our previous action has stood un-
disputed.
Are these Indians to come here forever? Is it
right to delay them in this way? I do not care
for the sanctity of character which economists
seek to throw around themselves. I do not have
an admiration for that kind of ambition, which
seeks distinction by denying debts, by denying
honest and acknowledged and recognized obliga-
tions. I do not admire that kind of ambition
which seeks reputation at the expense of the Gov-
ernment's own acknowledged obligation.
Mr. President, I do think that this is absolutely
the most palpable and glaring and the worst case
of evasion that I have met with here in all the
dealings with our Indian tribes. With them it is
famous and notorious that we have been a hard
taskmaster, to speak the best, and have been but
severe, close, and rigid traders. Gentlemen here
have spoken of these Indians receiving a great
deal of land of so much more value than that
which they parted with. With what justice can
such a point as that be brought before the Senate
when that was done in 1830, and they were sent
to a wilderness? I shall not add to the poetry of
the thing by talking about a howling wilderness;
but if there could be a worse one than that to which
they were transmitted, I do not know of it upon
the continent of America. They were sent off
there; that land was given to them in lieu of what
they coded east of the Mississippi. Now, sir,
when they have opened that wilderness and con-
quered it, as it were; when you have derived all
the benefits that you obtained by your treaty;
when thirty years of unequaled advance through-
out the woild have passed, Senators turn round
here and speak—not directly so, for it would be
too gross—of the immense empire that these In-
dians have west of the Mississippi, and that was
given to them for a lesser amount of lands situate
east of the river, and inside of the State of Mis-
sissippi 1 My God! what kind of respect for our-
selves can we have when wo seek to break our
obligation and disregard it, and thus defeat our
! own bargains with a helpless people, upon grounds
such as these! It is hardly worth while to com-
ment upon that further.
I am tolerably well satisfied that if the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairshad brought forward their
amend ment to this bill, which, fortunately for their
patient, chairman, has not been ruled out of order,
embracing all that was due to this tribe of In-
dians, there could have been easily obtained, from
those who now contestthe whole matter, a prom-
ise that they would pay what was undisputed, if
you would throw over the residue; butnow, when
the chance to make something in the shape of
throwing off what is disputed has ceased, and the
only question presented is as to the naked obliga-
tion, undisputed by any man except one here—
the Senator from Maine, who says lie does dis-
pute it; and it is now disputed by him for the
first time on the part of anybody on this floor—
when the committee bring forward this which is
undisputed, a contest is made on the whole mat-
ter, and we are referred back to the very begin-
ning, if not further back than we have ever been
referred before, to the whole of our intercourse
with the Choctaw tribe of Indians. I think if the
amendment had been brought forward, covering
! the whole amount, that which was undeniable
i and undisputed would be appropriated.
| I hope that Senators on the other side will con-
1 sider this matter, and that they will not vote
I against a case so plain and so fair. I trust that
| the condition of the country has nothing to do
! with this opposition. Prom the State of Maine
j it comes a little hard to mo, particularly so when
I I consider that I have always regarded the Sen-
