1861.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
123
58th Cong. ... 2d Sess.
State of the Union—Mr. Avery.
Ho. of Reps.
Chase said in this connection. On that occasion
lie said:
" We are, therefore, resolutely* inflexibly, at all times,
and under all circumstances, hostile to the longer continu-
ance of sJaveliolmng m our land. We believe that it* re-
moval can be effected peacefully, constitutionally, without
real Injury to any, with the greatest benefit to all. We
propose to effect this by repealing all legislation and discon-
tinuing all action in favor of slavery at home and abroad ;
by prohibiting the practice of slaveholdtng in all places of
exclusive national juiisdiction, in the District of Columbia,
in American vessels upon the seas, in forts, arsenals, navy-
yard*; by forbidding the employment of slaves upon any
public work; by adopting resolutions in Congress declar-
ing that claveholding in all States cieated out of national
Territories, is unconstitutional, and recommending to the
others the Immediate adoption of measures for its extinc-
tion within their respective limits; and by electing and ap-
pointing to public station, such men, and only such men,
as openly avow our principles, and will honestly cany out
our measures."
Another strong evidence that the Republican
party will give " the strongest guarantees to pro-
tect slavery in the States.'5 So you will see that
the Governor of Tennessee was not so very far
wrong when he made the declaration which was
denied by the gentleman from Maine, and which
denial was accepted by my colleague, [Mr. Nel-
son.] I am somewhat astonished that* my col-
league did not bring in the famous book, called
the Helper book, signed by sixty members of
this House of the Republican party, as another
evidence of the determination of this party to pro-
tect slavery in the States, especially as that book
gave such a complimentary notice of him in its
pages. These are some of the evidences of the
disposition of this party to protect slavery in the
States, that have called to its defense the able and
ingenious counsel for the defendants.
But, sir, my colleague goes on further to defend
that party, because he says the charges made
against them concerning the execution of the fugi-
tive slave law arc untrue; and he goes on to say,
in their defense, that that law has been faithfully
executed. How has it been faithfully executed?
It is true, that in many instances the law has been
carried out, but it has been at the point of the
bayonet, and at more cost to the master than the
slave was worth, and in spite of public sentiment
at the North.
For the accommodation of the gentleman from
Indiana, [Mr. Kilgore,] I will give the States
he called for awhile ago. In the following States,
officers and citizens arc prohibited by heavy pen-
alty from aiding in the execution of the fugitive
slave law: Maine, Massachusetts, Pennsylvania,
New York, Vermont, Wisconsin, New Hamp-
shire, Connecticut, Michigan, New Jersey, and
Rhode Island. But they say that Rhode island
has recently repealed her personal liberty bill.
Mr. JUNKIN. The gentleman from Tennes-
see must know that the decision made by the Su-
preme Court in the case of the Commonwealth
against Prigg, induced the State of Pennsylvania,
and many other States, to prohibit their officers
from taking any active part in the rendition of fu-
gitive slaves. That case decided that State officers
had no right to engage in such rendition, and these
personal liberty bills only carried out that decis-
ion—nothing more.
Mr. AYERY. But was not the object of pass-
ing these hills to prevent the execution of the fu-
gitive slave law, which was passed in obcdiencc
to the Constitution?
Mr. JUNKIN. Why, sir, the decision I have
alluded to was made before any fugitive law was
passed. The Supreme Court expressly decided
that the State officers had nothing to do with the
icndition of fugitive slaves.
Mr. RIGGS. Will the gentleman from Ten-
nessee allow me to correct him?
Mr. AVEIIY. I hope I will not be burdened
with interruptions. There always has been a fu-
gitive slave law. These statutes have been enacted
for the purpose of nullifying both the old law,
which was approved by Washington, as well as
the law of 3850. I only instanced them in reply
to my colleague's argument that the Republican
party had done moie in their platform to protect
slavery in the States than any other party. I in-
stanced them to show how this determination was
manifested
Mr. R'lGGS. With the permission of the gen-
tleman from Tennessee, I desire tp correct him
in respect to New Jersey having a personal lib-
erty bill. There is no such statute which has ever
passed the Legislature of the State.
Mr. AVERY. I was quoting from a report of
the Virginia Legislature, made in reference to the
Biown raid at Harper's Perry, not having had
time to hunt up the laws in which New Jersey is
included in the list. I had not heard it denied,
and did not know that such laws do not exist in
New Jersey.
Mr. RIGGS. They do not.
Mr. AVERY. Then of course I am pleased to
modify my statement so far as New Jersey is
concerned.
Now, sir, my colleague goes on to argue that
the charge is false against the Republican party,
that any member of that party seeks to establish
the equality of the races 
Mr. KILGORE rose.
Mr. AVERY. I cannot yield further. My
time is too rapidly passing away. My colleague
[Mr. Etheridge] next said thatthe charge against
the Republican party in regard to the equality of
the races was false. Let us see what Mr. Lin-
coln says upon this subject, the President elect
of the Republican party, authorized to speak, I
suppose, for them.
In a speech made by Mr. Lincoln, on the 6th
of May, 1842,at Cincinnati, on the occasion of the
presentation of a silver pitcher to Mr. Chase, by
some free negroes, as a token of their regard, Mr.
Lincoln was present-and said;
" Tn what X have done I cannot claim to have acted from
anv peculiar consideration of the colored people as a sep-
aiate and di-tinet class in the community, but fiom the sim-
ple conviction that all the individuals of that class aiemem-
beis of the community, and, in virtue of their manhood,
entitled to eveiy original right enjoyed by any other nit'iit-
bfi. We tool, theieiote, that all legal distinction between
individuals of the same community, founded in any such cir-
cumstances a^ color, ougin, and the like, arc hostile to the
genius of cm institutions, and incompatible with the true
hi'-toiy of Amenean liberty. Slavery and oppression must
cease, or American liberty must pensh.
" In Massachusetts, and in mo->t, il not all, the New Eng-
land State*, the coloied man and the white are absolutely
equal befoie the law.
'• Jn New Yoik the colored man is restricted as to the
right of Huffrage by a property qualification. In other re-
spects the same equality pievails.
" J embrace, with pleasure, this opportunity of declaring
iny dis.ippiobation ut th.it clause of the Constitution which
denies to a portion of the colored people the right of suf-
frage.
" True Dcmociacy makes no inquiry about the color of
the skin, or plaec ot nativity, or any other similar circum-
stances of condition. I regard, therefore, the exclusion of
the coloied people as a body ltom the elective franchise as
incompatible with true Demoeiatie ptmciples."
What says Mr. Seward, who is to be the head
of Mr. Lincoln's Cabinet? In a speech made in
the United States Senate, January 30, 1850, he
uses the following language:
'• I am in fa\ or of the equality of men—of all men, whether
they be born in one land or born in anothei I am in favor
of receiving the whole. I acknowledge them all to consti-
tute one great tamily, tor whom it is the busiuessof states-
men and the bu:-mo-,s of man to laboi and to live." *
* * * t£ Senatois will find that to the extent that
humanity beais the semblance which i< impiccsed upon us
by the hand of our Maker, it i« my design and my piupose
to labor and to bring about that equality in the land in which
I live, and, as lar as may be, in all other lands. And, going
upon this broad puneipie, 1 have no hesitation m saying,
that there is no distinction in myiespect or affection be-
tween men of one land and of another; between men of
one chine and another; between men of one race and
another; or between men of one color and anoiher; no
distinction but what is based, not upon institutions of gov-
ernment, not upon the consent of society, but upon their
individual and personal ment."
These arc the sentiments of the master spirits
of the Republican party—their President, their
first and their second Cabinet officer; and yet fre
are told no such sentiments belong to the party.
My colleague, in this connection, referred to the
past history of Tennessee, and declared that, from
1796 to 1335, that State has sanctioned and delib-
erately approved the principle of negro equality;
that Jackson had sanctioned and approved it.
Mr. Speaker, it is true that, in the formation of
the constitution of the State of Tennessee,in 1796,
in defining what should be the qualifications of
voters, it confined this qualification to " all free
male citizens over the age of twenty-one years;"
but no man, I presume, then thought of negro
equality or negro suffrage. The woid "white"
was left out in the formation of this constitution.
Advantage, however, is taken of this omission to
make the charge that negro equality once was the
doctrine of the State. Sir, no man there ever
thought of approving the infamous doctrine of ne-
gro equality. 1 repudiate and spurn it as the senti-
ment of that State now or ever. Does any man
believe that Andrew Jackson was an advocate of
negro equality ? And such a charge, too, to come
from a Representative from Tennessee,. It is true,
they found that defect in the constitution of 1796;
but when, in 1835,an opportunity was afforded for
amendment,the word44 white " wasinstantly sub-
stituted; 'and from that time it has been provided
that the qualification of voters shall be confined to
all free white male citizens over the age of twenty-
one.
My colleague went on to argue that every single,
solitary foot of southern territory had been ac-
quired by northern treasure and northern votes;
that they had willingly—yea, willingly—yielded
to the South every demand that had been made.
What are the facts in regard to this question of
the acquisition of territory and of the admission
of slave States into the union? Let the record
speak. It shows that every foot of slave territory
has been acquired with the aid of a few northern
Democrats, who have stood by us ever in the hour
of our peril, but against the great majority of north-
ern votes. It shows that every slave State that
has ever been admitted into the Union has been
admitted against the great majority of northern
votes, against the efforts of tho Republican party
now in power, who assume to take possession of
purse and sword, and administer this Govern-
ment. My colleague says that the South got the
Missouri compromise, and they repealed it. How
did they get the Missouri compromise? Why,
sir, it was taken as a poor boon to the South to
prevent the North from saying that Missouri
should only be admitted with slavery forever ex-
cluded from her territory, against the will of that
people, as expressed in their constitution; and
when they refused faithfully even to carry out
that, it was repealed. The record shows that after
the Missouri compromise was adopted, the very
next session, when she presented herself with a
slave constitution at the door of Congress for ad-
mission, sixty-one northern Representatives in
this House voted for the repeal of that compro-
mise, and for a proviso declaring that no slave
should exist within the limits of the State of Mis-
souri.
And so it has been with regard to every slave
State—Florida, Arkansas, and Texas. My col-
league says that we are indebted to northern Rep-
resentatives for the acquisition of all these Terri-
tories, and he refers particularly to the Territory
of Louisiana. Does he not know that the great-
est portion of that territory, slave territory as it
all was when we acquired it, is to-day free, and in
the hands of the Republicans?—this party planted
upon the declaration, too, that not another foot of
slave territory we shall ever have; upon the dec-
laration, in defiance of the Supreme Court, that
we cannot carry our property into this common
territory; with a President who declared in a
speech at Chicago, July 10, 1858:
" If I wcie in Congress, and a vote should come up on a
question whether slavery should be prohibited in a new
Territory, in spite of the Dred Scott decision, I would vote
that it should."
Sir, I was asked just now to specify some of the
charges against the Republican party. Allow me
to make some slight specification by substituting
a short extract from a most eloquent and powerful
speech of a. southern Senator the other day in
parting forever from that once august body. In
speaking of this fanatic spirit of the North, which
is the very breath of this Republican party, he
said:
11 It denied us Christian communion, because it could not
endure what it styles the moral leprosy ofslaveholdmg; it
refused us permission to sojourn, or even to pass through
the North, with our property ; it claimed freedom for the
slave if brought by his master into a northern State ; it vio-
lated the Constitution and treaties and laws of Congress,
because designed to piotect that property, iticfused u-=«wy
share of lands acquired mainly by our diplomacy and blood
and treasure; it refused our property any shelter or secu-
rity beneath the flag of a common Government; it robbed
us of our propei ty, and lefused to restore it; itrelusedto
deliver criminals against our laws, who fled to the Noith
with oui property or our blood upon tbeir hands; it threat-
ened us, by solemn legislative acts, with ignominious pun-
ishment if we pursued our property into a northern State ;
it murdered southern men when seeking the lecovery of
then property on noithern sod ; it invaded the borders of
southern State?, poisoned their wells, burnt their dwellings,
and muidered their people ; it denounced us by dehbeiate
