708
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 2,
ator from Maine to be among the fairest on this
floor. It' I could see any sort of apology for this
class'of opposition on the part of the Senator,
apart from the condition of the country; if the
Senator would avow that it was on account of the
condition of the Treasury, I should be disposed
at once to ascribe it to that. 1 do not think the
other Senators on the opposite side of the Cham-
ber can altogether concur with him. I hope very
much that the debate on this matfer may not be
sent back to the bargains and the trades that were
made anterior to the formation of our treaties, and
that we shall be confined now strictly to the sub-
ject itself; and that wc shall pay these people at
least some portion of the amount which we have
acknowledged to be justly due to them after full
consideration.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish merely to sot my-
self right as to one thing, if there is any necessity
for it, to relieve Senators of any mistake that may
aiise from my expression. I was very certain
that I said nothing about the condition of the
country, one way or the other; and 1 am informed
by the reporters, of whom I have inquired, that
there is no such thing to be found in any remarks
of mine. That is an idea that sprang up in the
brain of the Senator fiom Missouri,and has been
copied, it seems, by the Senator from Arkansas.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I am not dis-
posed to dispute the accuracy of the reporters,
and shall not be so discourteous, when the Sena-
tor has taken the pains to make the inquiry, as
to dispute what he says. I still assert, however,
that I so understood him; but 1 presume I am in
error.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It was a mere misunder-
standing, of course.
Mr. JOHNSON,of Arkansas. Yes; but! did
not copy.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not deem it a mat-
ter of any consequence one way or the other, for
the simple reason that I might appeal to the con-
dition of the countiy with great propriety, if I
saw fit to do so; but I based my objection to this
claim on other grounds, grounds that went to the
root of the matter entirely.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Yes, beyond it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 could not vuiy well go
any deeper than that. The Senator is mistaken
in supposing that, in the debate which sprang up
last year, there was no objection to the part of
thisclami now proposed to be allowed. The Sena-
tor from Georgia, [Mr. Toombs,] who argued the
question fully, went to the whole, lie stated,to
be sure, that two items of about one million one
hundred thousand dollars, which were alluded to
by the Secretary of the Interior, ought to be taken
into consideration, in his judgment; and he went
further than that, and inquiied whether the value
of the whole fifteen million acres ought not to be
taki'ii into consideration, and expressed the belief
that, it' a balance were struck, it would be found
largely against the tribe of Indians of which we
are"speaking. That is thegtound that was taken
by the Senator from Georgia last year; and the
Senator from Arkansas will find, if he looks at it,
that { am right. 1 have looked at the matter this
morning, and my recollection is fresh upon the
subject! 1 did not say that I knew nothing about
this question. Taking it on the giound on which
I have placed it, 1 did say that 1 knew nothing
about the accounts, which way the balance in
reality was; and 1 took that from the honorable
chairman of the Committee on Indian Afiairs, for
he said that no mortal man could tell what the
exact state of the accounts was. The Indians
claimed hugely; they claimed for a bie.ach of the
stipulations of treaties, and he expressed the opin-
ion that tliey had suffered largely, that their claims
were vciy great and extensive; but there was no
^pecificauon. It r.sted fiom 1830 to 1855, before
this last treaty was made, twenty-five years; and
during a portion of this time, and a very large
portion of it, it seems, from the testimony of the
Senator from California, nothing was heard m
reference u> those claims at all. Then they sprang
mi in the way that we have seen.
' 1 dun y entirely that the Senate passed upon this
matter, as an award of the particular sum that
v.'as named in the report of the committee made
The Senate passed upon the subje
say, without consideration—I speak for myself,
and I speak for others who have told me so
giving these Indians the amount of the sales of
the lands east of the Mississippi river—a claim
which, under neither of these treaties, have they
the slightest pretensions to make, in my judg-
ment, now, from an examination of them; and
when the Senate passed upon it, they did so un-
der a misapprehension; and that misapprehen-
sion might well grow out of what was said in the
debate at that time. It was said that the claims
were large; but that the amount would not, prob-
bly, exceed $800,000. In fact, the question which
was left to the Secretary of the Interior to settle,
was not the amount of injuries, not the amount
of claims, that the Indian's had, but the amount
of sales according to the public records that had
been received by the Government. That is all
that he settled, in any shape or form; and that is
the only mode in which it has been ascertained;
and the Senate will see that the whole thing is
delusive, from beginning to end.
What I rose to state was what I now restate,
that, believingasl do, that we, as tiustees for the
money of these people, acted under an entire mis-
apprehension, without knowledge, without un-
derstanding; and thus voted away (if we adhere
to it) millions of the public money without know-
ing what the amount of the claims was, we are
bound, now, to reconsider our action; at any rate,
not to pay the money until we know that there is
some rcaily just foundation for it. That is all
that I contended for; and 1 do so still. I have no
idea that these Indians are suffering so much as
is pretended. The testimony seems to be the other
way, in reference to that matter. I think the claim
will keep a few years longer; at any rate, long
enough for the active friends of this measure to
have an investigation into the real state of the
affair in regard to the amount actually due these
Indians. That amount I am ready to pay at any
moment.
Mr. GRIMES. One single word, sir, m ex-
planation of the vote I am about to give on this
proposition. At the last session of Congress 1
voted in favor of the allowance of this claim. I
then thought it was just and right; upon the rcc-
oid as it now stands, I still think that it is right;
but in consequence of the present condition ot the
country, (although it be such a grave offense in
the estimation of the Senator from Arkansas to
allude to that,) 1 shall not vote for its being in-
corporated into this bill.
1 believe that it is the duty of every Govern-
ment to protect itselt. ^Ve all know that our
Treasury is at this time in a bankrupt condition;
and if it be in that condition, it is our business to
see that its wheels be kept in motion; to see that
those shall bo paid whom it first becomes our
duty to pay. I turn to the record here—the re-
port of the Commissioner of Indian Affairs—and
I find that the Choctaw nation is the richest com-
munity on the face of this continent. I think,
therefore, that it is proper that we sliould allow
this claim to lie over, and that we should pay
those officers of the Government who have gieat
necessities, and great calls upon us for the pay-
ment.
Unless it shall be shown that this award, as
it is called, was improperly obtained from the
Senate, at some future time I shall be prepared to
votefor the allowance of the amounttliat isclaimed
to be due from the Government to thcChoctaws.
If it shall be shown that that was improperly ob-
tained, then I shall concur with the Senator from
Maine and vote against it; but as the matter now
stands, m the present bankrupt condition of the
Treasury, I think it is right that this subject
should lie over; and hence 1 shall vote against the
proposition, although I voted for it last year.
Mr. PUGli. This matter was debated at great
length in the Senate at the last session, and 1 gave
these treaties a very careful examination. I can-
not see any mistake in the award. I think it is
in pursuance of the treaties, and I think the claim
is indisputable. Despite the assertion of the Sen-
ator from California and the Senator from Maine,
I do not, believe there is a court of justice sitting
in the United States of America, anywhere, that
would hesitate about the construction of these
treaties. They may have been wise or unwise;
that 'v,vs committed to tiiem, in consequence oi' they were made. In order to avoid a contro-
a report made by the Committee on Indian Af- |j versy between the Choctaw tribe and the State of
fairs; and tbey adopted their recommendations, I !; Mississippi, wc provided for the removal of the
lust '
tribe, and we agreed to give them a certain consid-
eration. Subsequently, in 1855, we made another
treaty with them, in which the Senate of the Uni-
ted States was appointed the arbitrator, not, as
the Senator from Maine seems to think, to go into
any detail of accounts, but to settle the principles.
We did settle them. The Senate did. I was not
present on that occasion; but the Committee on
Indian Affairs, after an examination, reported to
the Senate, and the Senate made its award. Of
course it then went to the Commissioner of Indian
Affairs, or ^he Secretary of the Interior, to ascer-
tain the amount due according to those principles;
and when we find the amount to be a large one,
instead of standing by our treaty and standing by
our award, we begin to gag at it. If the Choc-
taws were a foreign nation, we should be com-
pelled to pay it; and if it were a claim by us
against a foreign natioQ, we would enforce pay-
ment by the Army and the Navy; but as it is an
Indian tribe, which has relied upon the faith of
tile Government, whose members have served the
Government, not only m the wars of the South-
west, but in the wars of the Northwest, even un-
der General Wayne, I think it is the more reason
why the faith of the Government should be kept.
Now, why not pay at the present time ? The
Senatorfrom Iowa says the condition of the coun-
try is such that we cannot pay it; and I believe
the Senator from California thought so too. Did
any body say anything about that when we were
voting over two hundred million the other day
for a Pacific railroad? We heard nothing about
economy then, from either of those Senators. That
might have staid over a year; it might have
staid over two or three years. W^e heard noth-
ingofthe condition of the Treasury then. This
is "a debt; it is our duty to pay it; and now we are
informed by the memorial of the Choctaw nation
that their people are in a suffering condition from
the loss of their crops, and in danger, many of
them, of starvation and hardship; and wc who, as
to this part of the claim, have no sort of defense—■
the fact is, there is very little as to the other; it is
more plausible than real—butas to this partof the
claim there is no defense; it ought to carry inter-
est from the day of the award by nil legal princi-
ples; and now, as 1 say, simply because it is a
large amount, and due to people who have not the
power to exact it from us, we, who can pass an
appropriation of $200,000,000 for a Pacific rail-
road, cannot vote to issue the bonds of the Gov-
ernment for the payment of a just and an ac-
knowledged debt—we ourselves having been the
tribunal m our own case—and have decided the
thing against ourselves. I shall give my vote for
the amendment without any hesitation.
Mr. LATHAM called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered; and being taken, resulted
—yeas 17, nays 27; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Biglo.r, Bracg, Clark, Doolittle, Fitch,
Gieen, Hemphill, Kennedy, Lane, Latham, Niehol&ou,
Polk, Powell, Pugh, Rice, Soba^ttan, and YVigfail —1~.
NAYtf—xMessrs. Bingham, Bright,Ohandlei, Clin?mnn,
Coll.tmer, Ihxon, Douglas, Durkce, Fe<setsden, Foot, Fos-
ter, Grimes, Givin, Ilarlan, Hunter, Johnson of Aikan&ao,
Kiii^, Moirill, Poaiee. SmiNbuiy, Sow a id, Simmons, Suni-
nei. Ten Eyck, Trumbull, Wade, and Wilson—27.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I voted for the
amendment at first; but, finding tin; direction it
was taking, I have chosen to change my vote to
the negative. I now stand recorded against the
amendment to pay the Choctaws that which wo
have acknowledged, through every branch of this
Government, is just and due to them. I ask per-
mission now, in making the motion which I do
make to i cconsider the vote just taken, that Ihm
bill may be laid over until Monday next, for the
purpose of considering this motion to reconsider.
Mr. GW1N. I hope the Senator will be grat-
ified in that respect. I hope the bill will go over
until Monday. We have made a good deal of
progress in our appropriation bills, and wc have
plenty of time.
Mr. JOHNSON, Arkansas. I thank the Sen-
ator very much for his support of this suggestion
of mine. I ask that the bill may be laid over for
the purpose of looking into this matter somewhat
moie myself, and bringing to light the condition
of the vote; the condition of the country; theeon-
dition of the claim; the condition of these people,
who will have to come here forever, if this Gov-
ernment stands at all, if gentlemen are consistent
in the vote which they have exist to-day, and vail
