1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
7:09
continue to cast it hereafter. This thing is an
outrage; an outrage upon yourselves; an outrage
upon the Chamber where it has transpired. Com-
mon honesty wifl forever raise its hand against a
thing like that. It is not characterized or dictated
by a regard for your equitable and honest obliga-
tion.
{ do not care what objections are now started
by gentlemen. I say, you have heretofore ac-
knowledged the justice of this claim; there is no
question of fact here. By every sanction of this
Government, you have acknowledged your duty
to settle fairly with a humble set of petitioners,
a tribe of Indians, the most civilized wo have upon
the continent, who have been waiting at your
doors, to my knowledge, for fifteen years, and who
are waiting: here now; and who, I believe, are
doomed—because the}'- know that there will come
a body of men some time who will deal justly and
rightly with them—to wait here for many years,
and still petition.
These tilings, I think, can be shown; and those
who have defeated it simply by generalities, and
by allusions, and by imputations, and by indirec-
tion, and by complications, and by disputing bar-
gains, and estimating as to the value of them at
the time they were made and their present value,
will also have time to consider the subject, and
see upon what better grounds they can place then
opposition. I have no question that they will
find some other ground; and when they have done
it, they can only do it with this reflection follow-
ing cach footstep: that they had failed to present
any such view before, and that afterthoughts are
presented to avoid an obligation which has been
sanctioned in all the forms that are known to
the establisbmentof law. I ask that the bill may
be laid over until Monday, on the motion which
i have submitted to reconsider the vote rejecting
the amendment.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I am in favor of the mo-
tion of the Senator from Arkansas. I have some
doubt about the propriety of my vote on this
amendment; I am not quite satisfied with it: I find
that there is great difference of opinion; and unless
there is some pressing necessity for action now,
I would rather it should go oter a day or two, in
order that I may look into the question.
Mr. PEARCE. I would suggest that we might
as well take the bill out of committee, and the
■chairman of the Committee on Indian Affairs can
offer his amendment again in the Senate on Mon-
day. We might as well pass the bill through the
Committee of the Whole now.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas I ask this favor
of the Senate; and I believe it has been rarely
denied. I cannot consent to yield to any more
little maneuvers—I do not say that the Senator
from Maryland makes any little maneuveis—but
these are advantages at least. I may not be here
when the amendment is next taken up and offered
in the Senate. I shall not piess it in the Senate
if it be defuati d in committee once more. I ask
the Senate that privilege—which I have never
denied by my vote to any one, and which I am not
disposed to believe the Senate will deny to me—
that this bill may now lie over for consideration.
Mr. PEARCE. I tlunk the Senator would have
precisely the same advantage under the sugges-
tion I have made; but if he thinks otherwise, I
shall not throw any obstacle in his way.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Arkansas,
that the further consideration of this bill be post-
poned until Monday next.
The motion was agreed to.
THE PRIVATE CALKNDAll.
Mr. LANE. I move that Friday and Saturday
of next week be set apart for the consideration of
nrivate bills.
Mr. FESSENDEN. In the present state of
the appropriation bills before the Committee on
Finance, I hope that Friday and Saturday will
not he set aside for private bills. We have a great
deal to attend to.
Mr. LANE. At the suggestion of many Sen-
ators, I will change my motion, and say Friday.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I shall make no further
objection. I have made the suggestion. The
Senate can act as they please.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Oregon modifies his motion, and now moves
that Friday of next week be set apart for the con-
sideration of private bills upon the Calendar.
The motion was agreed to.
POST ROUTE BILL.
Mr. GREEN. I now move that the bill for the
organization of the Territory of Idaho be taken
up.
Mr. GWIN. Will the Senator from Missouri
permit me to take up the post route bill, with the
amendments of the House ? He only wants his
bill to be left as unfinished business, I believe.
Mr. GREEN. That is all.
Mr. GWIN. I wish the post route bill to be
taken up, in order that the amendments of the
House of Representatives may be concurred in
by the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Fitcii.)
The Chair hears no objection to the proposition
of the Senator from California.
Mr. GWIN. The Post Office Committee have
examined the amendments; and they recommend
the Senate to concur in the amendments of the
House.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill (H.
R. 714) establishing certain post routes is befoic
the Senate, and the Secretary will read the action
of the House of Representatives upon the amend-
ments of the Senate.
The Secretary proceeded to road the House
amendments to the Senate amendments naming
additional post routes.
Mr. GWIN. I hope that the mail routes at
least will not be read m detail. There are two or
three amendments which are of some impoilance.
There is no necessity for readingthose whichaie
merely the establishment of mail routes.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The reading
of these amendments will be dispensed with by
universal consent, and they will not be read ex-
cept such as are called for by Senators.
The Secretary read the House amendment to
the eighteenth section, added to the bill by the
Senate. The House of Representatives strike out
the whole of the eighteenth section, and m lieu of
it insert:
Sec. 18. And be if further enacted, That the Postmaster
11 Gcneial ij> heieby authorized and directed to advertise for
'! propo-als for the daily tran-spoitation of the entire mail,
ovciland, between St. Joseph, or some other
point on the Mif!-out i river, connected by iadroad with the
e.-et, whu'h may bo selected by the coutjaetnr, and Plaeer-
vslie, (Jahloima, over the central route, the bids to be re-
e 'ived till tlie fn-t Monday ol April, Ibiil, and the service
to t uiuiiu'ikm' July I, It<>3. ut a.« M>on Ihcieailei as po^tiblc,
and to (cinifnate Julv 1, l-Suo. And the Pof-tma^cr Gen-
em! is hrieln dnceied toawatd the conn acts to the lowest
i ..-sponsible Imldct luuu-him? ample {luaiantoe.s of hi& abil-
ity and di> po itjon to perf-uin hi - eontiaft • Provided, That
\ he amount oi his bnj jdiall not exceed #800.000 pei year:
Ptovidah That the eontiactor shall f upph Denver (Jity and
; CJicat trait Lake City at least scmi-wei-kly without extra
1 oliaige : Jlnd piovuhul fuither, That the letter and news-
■ papct ma'l shall be can t<*d tluouirh m iwenty day.*, and the
i pamphlet, m,i?a/ane, penodical. and public ilociimcntmail
! in thnt\-live da\-. Put the Postma-t'') Goneial may au-
' thoi ize the enimny off-aid pamphlet, in:i«;t/ine. prnodical,
j and public douimont poition ot the mail by steanif-hip loute,
J at lea-t *-i;mi-ni<mlhl\ , to ^an Planner o? if denned by the
I ooriti actor, and if said <ei vice is pciioimed at the contiat t-
j or* expense: Jlnd provided further, That the contractor
! shall not be icqmied, in addition to the lerrei mail, to cany
I more of* the new-paper mail by the twenty-day schedule
; than will make the avejage weight of ihe whole mail one
. thousand pound? per day; and the n nianuler, if any. ot
| the new,-papei mail shall be carried on the thiity-fivc day
schedule above ptovided for.
Mr. HUNTER. Are we adopting amendments
to this bill?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The first ques-
tion will be on concurring in the House amend-
ments to the Senate amendments.
Mr. HUNTER. I think there ought to be some
explanation. I understand thattheaeamendmerits
put to the bill will involve the cxpendituie of a
good deal of money, for another overland route
in addition to the one we already have. I should
like to know how much we aio putting upon the
Post Office Department, how much we. add to the
postal expenses, already so heavy r
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
can call for a separate vote on each amendment.
Mr. HUNTER. I do not want to delay the
Senate, but I think we ought to have some expla-
nation of what we are doing.
Mr. GWIN. This is a Houmj bill which the
Senate passed at the last session, with amend-
ments. Those amendments went to the House
of Representatives and failed to receive the sanc-
tion of that body during the last session. It has
been taken up as unfinished business at this ses-
sion, and sent back the Senate amended. Vari-
ous post routes have been put on,nnd there is nu
amendment to the provision for a daily overland
mail to California. An amendment passed the
Senate during the last session to establish a dai ly
overland mail; but there was no limitation as to
the amount. Now the House of Representatives
has limited it, so that it shall not exceed $800,000.
The House of'Representatives also allow addi-
tional time to carry printed matter—thirty-five
days—instead of requirmgaUthe mail matter to be
carried in the same time. The Senate passed it dur-
ing the last session; it comes back to us amended.
This dispenses with the ocean scrvice entirely,
and carries the mail daily on the central route, as
proposed during the last session of Congress, and
passed by the Senate.
Mr. LATHAM. My colleague is mistaken
about one thing. The ocean service is to be dis-
pensed with when the overland route is put in
complete operation.
Mr. GWIN. Certainly.
Mr. HUNTER. But in the meantime, is there
not a limitation that you are not to send mail mat-
ter by this line of over one thousand pounds?
Mr. GWIN. All over one thousand pounds
they have thirty-five days to carry in, instead of
twenty. They have a thousand pounds to carry
daily, and they have a longer period in which to
convey the overplus.
Mr. HUNTER. I think this bill ought to be
referred to the Post Office Committee, and have
some examination.
Mr. GWIN. The Post Office Committee have
examined it, and they have authorized me to re-
port in favor of accepting the amendments.
Mr. HUNTER. Without examination ?
Mr. GWIN. They have examined it. Ithas
been before the Postdffice Committeesixmonths
during the last session and this, and every mem-
ber of the committee has authorized metorepoit
in favor of accepting the House amendments.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chan-
would remark that the bill does not appear to
have been referred, though it may have been ex-
amined.
Mr. GWIN. It was not referred; but I went
to the members of the committee, and they au-
thorized me to report in favor of accepting the
amendments of the House. Every member of the
committee is here.
Mr. HALE. I am on the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads, and I want to say this
in relation to this matter: the bill was brought
back, and what the Senator from California states
is exactly true; but the only point I think that the
Senator has consulted the committee upon, is the
overland mail route. My recollection is different
from the Senator's in regard to the proceedings
of the body at the last session. I have an im-
pression that this provision did not pass the Senate.
Mr. GWIN. It did.
Mr. LATHAM. Yes; it was put on the post
route bill.
Mr. GWIN. This very bill.
Mr. HALE. I know, when we had the discus-
sion up, there was a good deal of debate, and a
great many propositions were offered—one by
myself, one by the Senator from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Wilson] 
Mr. GWIN. I never heard an objection to
any portion of the bill, except that about the over-
land mail.
Mr. HALE. That is what I was going to say.
Of course, I supposed that was the reason. In
regard to the provision for the overland mail, I
was in favor of it last year, and I am in favor of
it now; but I was in favor then, and am now, of
dispensing with the Butterfield route. I thought
then, and I think now, that we ought not to pay
$600,000 a year for carrying that mail. The post-
age that was received upon that route, by the re-
port of the Postmaster General at the last session,
which Iexamined,jflrememberaright was some-
thing like twenty-seven thousand dollars for the
sum of $600,000 paid out; but it was suggested at
that time that, in consequence of the breaking off
of the ocean navigation, which was suspended for
a while, and other causes, that would be constantly
increasing; and I suppose it has increased. I have
not looked at the report this session to know the
