1861.1
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
125
36th Cong....2d Sess.
State of the. Union— Mr. Adams.
Ho. or Heps.
that the stiff-backcd old king had been right in
shutting the door of reconciliation?
For my part, Mr. Speaker, I am more inclined
to accord with that philosophical statesman, Ed-
mund Burke, who, during the same struggle, was
not afraid to bring forward his plan of concilia-
tion with America. And in the elaborate speech
which he made in its defense he used the follow-
ing language—not entirely inappropriate to these
times:
, " Now, in such unfortunate quarrels among th« compo-
nent parts of a great political union of communities, 1 can
scarcely conceive anything more completely impiovident
than for the heart of the empire to insist that, it any privi-
lege is pleaded against his will or his acts, Ins whole au-
ehouty is denied, instantly to proclaim lebeliion, to beat to
arms, and to put the offending provinces under the ban.
WiH not this, sir, veiy soon teach the provinces to make
no distinctions on then part? Will it not teach them that
the Government against which a claim of liberty is tanta-
mount to high tieason is a Government in which submis-
sion is equivalent to slavery?''
Mr. Speaker, it is not my custom to lean much
upon authority. As a general thing, it appears
to me to pass for more than it is worth. But there
are persons who are always more or less influ-
enced by the source from which anything comes,
and who are better disposed to believe in the tes-
timony of a witness tw© centuries old, than if the
same reasoning were issued from the hps of the
best of living cotemporaries. To such I will com-
mend a passage, drawn from the most profound
of British statesmen and philosophers, Francis
Bacon:
" Concerning the materials of seditions, it is a thing well
to be considered; for the surest way to pievent seditions
(if the times do bear it) is to take away the mattei of them ;
for if there be luel prepared, it is haul to tell whencc the
spark shall come that shall set it on fne." * * * *
"As for discontentment-?, they are in the politic body, like
to humois in the natural, which are apt to gather a pioter-
natina) heat, and to inflame; and let no piince measure
the danger of them by tin.-*, whether they be just or unjust;
for that were to imagine people to be too reasonable, who
do often spurn at their own good ; nor yet by this, whethci
the gi let's whereupon they i t*e be, m tact, gieat or small;
fortney arc the ino&t dangerous discontentments whoie thee
feai is greater than the feeling. Dolendi modus, tnnendi
non item; besides, in gieat oppressions, the same things
that provoke the patience do withal mete the couiage ; but
in fears it is not so. Neither let any prince or State be se-
cuie concerning discontentments, because they have been
often, or have been long, and yet no peril hath ensued ; for,
as it is ti ue that eveiy vapor or fume doth not turn into a
storm, so it is neveitheless true that stoims, though they
blow over diveis times, yet may fail at last; and," the
Sp.tnhh piovub notctii well,1 The coid breaketh at lust by
the weakest pull.5 "
Such deep sagacity as this convinccs me, if I
ever doubted, that the way to peace, in times of
disorder, is not always found by refusing to listen
to complaints. I differ, then, with some of my
rigid friends on this point, 1 prefer to consider
grievances, were it but to be sure that they have
no just foundation; much more if they prove to
merit attention for their reasonableness. My
notion of the duty of a public man is to watch
the growth of offenses, and not to neglect, still
less to despise them, i have, therefore, faith-
fully labored in my humble way to comprehend
the nature of the discontents actually prevailing,
and to judge of the extent to which they justify the
resort to so violent a mode of relief as the_ over-
throw of a Government. After a full hearing of
all that has been said in committee and elsewhere,
1 easily embrace the topics of complaint under
three heads, to wit:
1. The passage of laws, in some of the free
States, operating to discourage the recovery of
fugitive slaves.
2. The denial of equal rights in the Territories.
3. The apprehension of such an increase of
political power in the ftee States as to tempt an
invasion, under new forms of the Constitution, of
the right of the slave States to manage their do-
mestic affairs.
After a full and calm examination of the grounds
furnished to sustain these complaints, I am ready
to declare that if these are all that endanger the
continuance of the present common bond of as-
sociation between the States, in my opinion, no
similar sacrifice to mere abstractions was ever
before made among reasoning men. Let me pro-
ceed briefly to analyze them, one by one.
And, first, of the personal liberty laws. Their
origin is well known to have been in the enact-
ment of the last fugitive slave law; their true
purpose, to protcct innocent freemen from being
dragged under its stringent provisions, without
trial and without defense, into irredeemable bond-
age. If, in attempting to securc this object, some
of them should have overstepped the line so far
as to appear to obstruct the reclamation of fugi-
tive slaves, surely a little may be pardoned to the
spirit of liberty, justly wounded by the harsh and
revolting features of the law. So far from being
constructed with any view to effect its object, that
measure has always seemed to me to have the
appearance of being made purposely offensive,
in order to insure its non-execution, so that com-
plaint against the free States might grow out of
it. Mr. Speaker, if there be one error into which
the people of the United States most often fall, it is
that of legislating overmuch. In our eagerness to
remedy all sorts of difficulties, we are apt to forget
that, under every form of Government, the habits,
manners, modes of belief, and forms of education,
establish social barriers against which the best
constructed statutes are directed in vain. Some-
times thishappens because they want vigor; some-
times because they have too much. A collision
with a popular prejudice, however ill-founded,
will annul the most beneficent law. Dean Swift
once roused the passions of the Irish people to
such a degree as to banish from circulation anew
copper currency, against which time has shown
there was not a single solid objection. Thus it
happens that the codes of all countries abound in
obsolete laws. Such were the sumptuary laws of
antiquity; the often-repeated attempts to regulate
the price of labor and commodities; the stern se-
verity of the penalties for trifling offenses; the
constant efforts to fix the rate of interest for the
use of money; the well-meant endeavors to pro-
hibit the sale of spirituous liquors. Such was,
in fact, the fugitive slave law of 1850; and, for
different reasons, such are likewise the personal
liberty laws. In a very large section of the free
States, the former is inoperative, and always will
be; and the reason is, that its harshness against
innocent men runs counter to the sympathies of
the people. It is no matter how many laws you
make about it, the more cruel they arc, the less
will you be likely to find them efficient. This is
a law of human feeling, which every man made
with a heart can readily comprehend. It is this
which makes personal liberty laws of no use also.
The fugitive slave is never recovered, because
people who think it cruel to leturn him send him
forward; and not because he has any imagined
protection in the statute-book. If,then,you hope
to counteract this tendency, the right way to do
it is not to increase, but to soften the severity of
your law. Neither will it avail much to claim
the repeal of personal liberty laws, which have
never been of practical use to anybody, bond or
free. This would only leave you just where you
were. The difficulty is m the nature of the icc-
lamation. If you are proposing to dissolve the
Union because that difficulty cannot be removed,
the natural question will spring up whether the
right of reclamation in-some shape or other,spe-
cifically guatantied to you in the organic act of
Government, is not worth keeping at all. Of
course you will let it go, if you succeed m sepa-
ration. If you do, in my humble opinion, you
will never get anything like such security again.
Your mistake seems to me to have been the de-
sire to use it too fiercely. The measure now pro-
posed by the committee is based on a principle of
justice, the recognition of which is calculated to
soften the repugnance to the law in the free States,
and to a corresponding extent to facilitate the re-
covery of fugitives. But I frankly confess, Mr.
Speaker, my unwillingness to participate in the
responsibility for this kind of legislation. I am
willing to leave the question of modification or
otherwise to the Representatives of the border
States, who are most interested in it as a practical
regulation. With us m Massachusetts, I am free
to say thut I think both the fugitive slave Jaw of
1650 and the personal liberty law consequent upon
it are obsolete on the statute-books. If we are
quarreling about either or both, we make aground
of dispute out of a mere abstraction. I ask the
slaveholders, if you are going to dissolve the
Union about it on the one side, how are you likely
to improve your chances of recovery by that on the
other? I ask my own friends, if you are willing to
stake the Union upon adherence to your counter
legislation, arc you not risking substance for an
abstraction; sacrificing a beneficent system to
uphold a statute which has never prevented the
recovery of a single slave, nor secured the liberty
of a single freeman ?
And now, I come to the second, which has been
called the most serious cause of dispute of all, but
which seems to me more of an abstraction than
either, I mean the complaint of exclusion from
the Territories. And first, as to the matter of fact:
who excludes the slaveholders with their slaves?
Have they not obtained an opinion from the Su-
preme Court which will, in effect, override any
and every effort of Congress against them ? They
can; if they choose, now go wherever they like
on the public domain. There is no majority in
Congress itself to prevent their going, even if it
had the power. Why do they not use that right?
The reason is plain. It is not for their interest
to go so far North. They will not leave the rich
bottom lands still open for the profitable cultiva-
tion of the cotton plant in the South, to go to a
comparatively arid region further off. The slave-
holder follows his own interest in applying his
labor in that way that will yield the best result.
If he were compelled by law to remove to any
part of the Territory from which he now com-
plains that he is excluded, he would be apt to re-
gard the decree as a greater outrage than any he
now enumerates. The law of political economy
regulates this matter much better than any specific
statute. It guides this species of labor to the most
suitable place, and that place is not the Territory
of the United States. I understand the validity
of this reasoning to be so far conceded, that the
aggrieved parties are willing to surrender all of it
that lies north of the old compromise line, to a
perpetual prohibition of slavery therefrom. This
limits their complaint of exclusion to the remain-
ing region south of that line. If we exclude the
Indian reservations, which are covered by solemn
treaties, this leaves nothing but the tract of land
which goes under the names of New Mexico and
Arizona. It is from this tract that they complain
of exclusion. It is for this tract that they demand
a constitutional guarantee of protection to slavery,
and in case of refusal they are ready to dissolve
the Union.
Now,I would ask, how stands the fact? This
Territory has been organized more than ten years.
It has been freely open to slaveholders with their
slaves during all thai period. Slavery has en joyed
all the protection that a Government favorable to
it in all its branches has been able to extend over
it. The territorial organization has nursed the
bantling by every artificial process, even to the
concoction of a terrible slave code, which has but
one obstacle to its exercise, and that is, the ab-
sence of all desire to execute it, as well as the
want of slaves to whom to apply it. So it has
been stretched over upon white people. What
more could have been done for protection if your
constitutional amendmenthad been in operation ?
What more could be done if it were adopted now?
New Mexico is under the shield of the Supreme
Court. Congress cannot prohibit slavery there
in the face of that tribunal. New Mexico has now
twenty-two slaves on thesunaccof over two hun-
dred thousand square miles of her extent; and of
these only twelve are domiciled, the remainder
are but transient residents. New Mexico shows,
then, at this moment, all that ten yeaisof protec-
tion of slavery has made her. She has a slave
code, and twelve shaves. And yet you want more
protection, and you threaten a dissolution of the
Union if you do not get it; forgetting, I appre-
hend, that if you execute your threat, instead of
getting more, you may lose all that you have al-
ready obtained. If New Mexico has gamed only
one slave a year during all the time you have ha4
to put them there, it is scarcely Ukely that the
number will increase after youi protecting care
shall have been totally withdrawn. I think it
needs no further argument to show that the ques-
tion, whether tins shall or shall not be slave ter-
litory, is like that alluded to by the Roman poet,
de land caprina, or, in other words, of getting wool
out of a goat.
I say, then, in answer to the demand of a con-
stitutional guarantee of protection to slavery in
New Mexico, that you are asking for what in
substance you enjoy already, and what is good for
