1861.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
127
36th Cong....2d Sess.
State of the Union—Mr. Edgerton.
Ho. of Reps.
it to the Legislatures of the States to accomplish
the remainder. Why, then, is it that harmony
is not restored ? The answer is, that you are not
satisfied, with this settlement, however complete.
You must have more guarantees in the Constitu-
tion. You must make the protection and exten-
sion of slavery in the Territories now existing,
and hereafter to be acquired, a cardinal doctrine of
our great charter. Without that, you are de-
termined to dissolve the Union. How stands the
case, then ? We offer to settle the question finally
in all of the present territory that you claim, by
giving you every chance of establishing slavery
that you have any right to require of us. You
decline to take the offer, because you fear it will
do you no good. Slavery will not go there. But, if
that be true, what is the use of asking for the pro-
tection any how, much less in the Constitution ?
Why require protection where you will have
nothing to protect? All you appear to desire it
for is New Mexico. Nothing else is left. Yet,
you will not accept New Mexico at once, because
ten years.of experience have proved to you that
protection has been of no use thus far. But, if so,
how can you expect that it will be of so much
more use hereafter as to make it worth dissolving
the Union about?
But, if we pass to the other condition, is it any
more reasonable? Are we going to fight because
we cannot agree upon the mode of disposing of
our neighbor's lands? Arc we to break up the
Union of these States, cemented by so many
ycarsof common sufferings, and resplendent witli
so many years of common glory, because it is in-
sisted that we should incorporate into what we
regard as the charter of our freedom a proclama-
tion to the civilized world that we intend to grasp
the territory of other nations whenever we can do
it, for the purpose of putting into it certain insti-
tutions which some of us disapprove, and that,
too, whether the people inhabiting that territory
themselves approve of it or not?
I am almost inclined to believe that they who
first contiivcd this demand must have done so for
the sake of presenting a condition which they
knew beforehand must be rejected, or which, if
accepted, must humiliate us m the dust forever.
In point of fact, this proposal covers no question
of immediate moment which may not be settled
by another and less obnoxious one. Why is it,
then, persevered in, and the other rejected? The
answer is obvious. Youioantthc Union dissolved.
You want to make it impossible for honorable men
to become reconciled. If it be, indeed, so, then on
you, and yon alone, shall rest the responsibility of
what may follow. If the Union be broken up,
the reason why it happened shall remain on rec-
ord forever. It was because yon rejected one form
of settling a question which might be offered and
accepted with honor, in order to, insist upon an-
other which you Jcneio we could not accept without
disgrace. I answer for myself only when I say
that, if the alternative to the salvation of the
Union be only that the people of the United States
shall, before the Christum nations of the earth,
print in broad letters upon the front of their char-
ter of republican government the dogma of slave
propagandism over the remainder of the countries
of the world, 1 will not consent to brand myself
with what I deem such disgrace, let the conse-
quences be what they may.
But it is said that this answer closes the door
of reconciliation. The siaveholdmg States will
secede, and what then?
This brings me to the last point which I desire
to touch to-day, the proper course for the Gov-
ernment to pursue in the face of these difficulties.
Some of the friends with whom I act have not
hesitated to express themselves in favor of coer-
cion ; and they have drawn very gloomy pictures of
the fatal consequences to the prosperity end secur-
ity of the whole Union thatmustonsuo. For my
own sake, I am glad that I do not partake so
largely m these fears. I see no obstacle to the regu-
lar continuance of the Government in not less than
twenty States, and perhaps more, the inhabitants
of which have not in a moment been deprived of
that peculiar practical wisdom in the management
of their affairs which is the secret of their past
snrccss. Several new States will,before long, be
ready to take their places with us, and make good,
in part, the loss of the old ones. The mission of
furnishings great example of fiee Government
to the nations of the earth will still be in our
hands, impaired, I admit, but not destroyed; and
I doubt notour power to accomplish it yet, in spite
of the temporary drawback. Even the problem of
coercion will go on to solve itself without our aid.
For if the sentiment of disunion become so far uni-
versal and permanent in the dissatisfied Statesas to
show no prospect of good from resistance, and
there be no acts of aggression attempted on their
part, I will not say that I may notfavor the idea of
some arrangement of a peaceful character, though
I do notnow see the authority under which it can be
originated. The new confederacy can scarcely be
other than a secondary Power. It can never be a
maritime State. It will begin with the necessity
of keeping eight million of its population to watch
four million, and with the duty of guarding,
against the egress of the latter, several thousand
miles of an exposed border, beyond which there
will be no right of reclamation. Of the ultimate
result of a similar experiment, I cannot, in my
own mind, have a moment's doubt. At the last
session I ventured to place on record, in this
House, a prediction by which I must abide, let
the effect of the future on my sagacity bo what it
may. I have not yet seen any reason to doubt
its accuracy. 1 now repeat it. The experiment
will ignominlously fail. <
But there are exceptions to the adoption of this
peaceful policy which it will not be wise to over-
look. If there be' violent and wanton attacks
upon the persons or the property of the citizens
of the United States or of their Government, 1 sec
not how demands for immediate redress can be
avoided. If any interruptions should be attempted
of the regular channels of trade on the great water-
courses or on the ocean, they cannot long be per-
mitted. And if any considerable minorities of
citizens should be persecuted or proscribed on
account of their attachment to the Union, and
should eall for protection, I cannot deny the obli-
gation of this Government to afford it. There are
persons in many of the States whose patriotic
declarations and honorable pledges of support of
the Union may bringdown upon them more than
the ill-wiil of their infatuated fellow-citizens. It
would be impossible for the people of the United
States to look upon any proscription of them with
indifference. These are times which should bring
together all men, by whatever party name they
may have been heretofore distinguished, upon
common ground.
When 1 heard the gentlemen from Virginia the
other day so bravely and so forcibly urging their
manly arguments in support of the Union, the
Constitution, and the enforcement of the
laws, my heart involuntarily bounded towards
them as brethren sacredly engaged in a common
cause. Let them, said I to myself, accept the
offered settlement of the differences that remain
between us, on some fair basis like that proposed
by the committee, and then, what is to prevent
us all, who yet believe that the Union must be
preserved, from joining heart and hand our com-
mon forces to effect it? When the cry goes out
that the ship is in danger of sinking, the first duty
of every man on board, no mntfer what his par-
ticular vocation, is to lend all the strength he has
to the work of keeping her afloat. What! shall
it be said that we waver in the view of those who
begin by trying to expunge the sacred memory
of the 4th of July? Shall we help them to oblit-
erate the associations that cluster around the glo-
rious struggle for independence, or stultify the
labors of the patriots who erected this magnificent
political edifice upon the adamantine base of hu-
man liberty? Shall we surrender the fame of
Washington and Laurens, of Gadsden and the
Lees, of Jefferson and Madison, and of the myr-
iads of heroes whose names are lmperishably
connected with the memory of a united people?
Never, never.
For myself, 1 can only interpose against what
seems to rne like the madness of the moon, the
barrier of a single feeble remon^tiance. But in
any event, it shall never ho said of my share in
the action of this hour of danger, that it has been
guided by vindictive passions or narrow consid-
erations of personal or party advantage. I well
know what I hazard among many whose good
opinion has ever been part of the sunlight of my
existence in following what I hold to be a higher
duty. While at an jc and at all times I shall labor
to uphold the great principles of liberty, without
which this grand system of our fathers woubi
seem to be a mockery and a show, I shall equally
strive to give no just ground to enemies and trai-
tors to expand the circle of mischief they may do.
Although not very frequently indulging in the
profession of a devotion to the Union, which has
heretofore been too often associated with a public-
policy I deemed mostdangeroustoitssafety,I will
venture to add, that no man over the boundless
extent of our dominion has more reasons for in-
extinguishable attachment to it than myself. It
is inwoven in my affections with the faithful la-
bors in its support of two generations of my race.
It is blended with a not inconsiderable personal
stake in its continuity. It is mingled with my
earnest prayers for the welfare of those who are
treading after me. And, more than all these, it
colors all my visions of the beneficent spread of
republican institutions as well in America as over
the rest of the civilized world.
If, then, so great a calamity as a division be
about to befall us, it shall be hastened by no act
of mine. It shall come from the willful passions
of infatuated men, who demand it of us to destroy
the great principles for which our fathers strug-
gled in life and in death, to stain our standard with
the symbol of human oppression, and to degrade
us, in the very hour of our victory, before our
countrymen, before all the nations of the civilized
world, and before God. Rather than this,let the
heavens fall. My duty is performed.
STATE OF THE UNION.
SPEECH OF HON. S. EDGERTON,
of oiiio,
In the House of Representatives,
January 31, 1861.
The House having under consideration the report fiom
the select committee of thirty-three—
Mr. EDGERTON said:
Mr. Speaker: In times like the present, when
prejudice and passion have seized the minds of
men; when momentous questions are to be settled
affecting, not only the present, but reaching far
into the limitless future; when, in short, a great
nation is in the very throes and convulsions of
revolution, it behooves us to act with calmness, to
look about us, and see what is the disturbing
element; and when found, apply to it the remedy
which wisdom and patriotism may dictate. A
stranger to our Government and its history would
be at a loss to find an adequate explanation for
the wonderful excitement and headlong fury of
the hour. Pie would see a country prosperous,
abounding in material wealth; a Government re-
strained, mild, and paternal. But to one con-
versant with our history, that disturber of our
peace is well known: it is the fell-spiritof slavery.
For years it has controlled this Government, and,
like a virus, it has infused itself into the life-blood
of the nation; and now, grown strong under this
Government, it demands the perpetuity of its
power or the overthrow of Government itself.
Wo hear much said on this floor about southern
rights and southern wrongs. It would raise a
smile of derision should we talk about eastern
rights or western rights, as rights independent of
and paramount to our rights as American citi-
zens. But what are these wrongs of which the
South complain, of which we hear so much in
vague generalities? Is it the election of Lincoln ?
That we had an unquestionable constitutional
right to do, and for it we owe no apology; and I,
for one, shall make none. But he differs with you
on the subject of slavery. That he has a right to do;
and a majority of the people and of the civilized
world arc with him, and opposed to you. If it has
come to this, that a minority can dictate whatshall
be the peculiar views of a presidential candidate
on the subject of slavery or any other subject,
then we are slaves; and if we submit to such dic-
tation, we ought to be slaves. It is said—and this
I believe is the chief cause ©f complaint—that
slaveholders are not permitted to go into the com-
mon territory with tneir slaves. Our slaves are
our property, you say, and wchaveorshould have
