1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
711
terior for his decision; and there has recently been
some action upon it by that Department. Is not
that so?
Mr. TRIMBLE. It is. I have had the matter
in my hands since the last session of. Congress,
and during the present session. The result of
the deliberations of the Interior Department is the
recommendation of the adoption of this resolution,
which, as I said before, was drawn up by the Sec-
retary of the Interior.
Mr. PHELPS. Then it met with the approval
of the Commissioner of the General Land Office,
and of the late Secretary of the Interior, Mr.
Thompson ?
Mr. TRIMBLE. Accompanying the resolution
is a communication from the Secretary of the In-
terior, giving his reasons for recommending its
passage.
No objection being made, the resolution was
received, read a first and second time, and ordered
to be engrossed and read a third time; and, being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. TRIMBLE moved to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution was passed; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. SCOTT. On entering the Hall this morn-
ing, I found lying upon my desk an address to the
President and V ice President of the United States,
signed by W. C. Jewett, of Pike's Peak, whom
I suppose to be crazy and insane. I would like to
know by what authority this House is to be in-
sulted by laying such trash upon our desks?
The SPEAKER. The Chair would state to
the gentleman from California that he has no
knowledge upon that subject.
Mr. SCOTT. That is all 1 desire.
LARKIN TALLY.
Mr. STOKES. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to report back, from the Committee
on Invalid Pensions, a bill for the relief of Larkin
Tally, a citizen of my district, and a poor blind
soldier; and I ask that it may be put upon its
passage.
The bill, which was read fo r informatio n, directs
the Secretary of the Interior to place the name of
Larkin Tally on the pension rolls of the United
States, at the rate of eight dollars per month, from
and after the 1st of January, 1861, during his nat-
ural life.
Mr. BURNETT. I ask for the reading of the
report.
The report, which was read, shows that the
petitioner volunteered in the company of Captain
Thomas Ricks, ofMecklenburg county, Virginia,
in 1813, and was attached to the sixth regiment
commanded by Colonel William Sharp and Col-
onel Greig Green. He served six months as a
drummer at Norfolk. He swears that he tiien was
honorably discharged, but has lost or mislaid the
same, so that he cannot produce it. The evidence
further shows that he applied to the department,
and drew two land warrants for eighty acres each;
also that he is very old and very poor, and totally
blind, and not able to procure any support for
his family or himself, but, on the contrary, is
wholly dependent upon the charity of others.
These facts are fully substantiated by the deposi-
tions of a number of good citizens.
No objection being made, the bill was reported
by the Committee on Invalid Pensions, and
oidered to be engrossed and read a third time; and
being engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. STOKES moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
RESOLUTIONS 01' MINNESOTA.
Mr. ALDRICH, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented the resolutions of the Legislature of the
State of Minnesota upon the state of the Union;
which were referred to the select committee of
fii e, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. FENT03ST. I now call for the regular order
of business.
IIARRIS AND BUTTERHELD.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is the consideration of the bill of the Senate
No. 23, for the relief of Arnold Harris and Sam-
uel F, ButterfLeld.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri, obtained the floor.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the rules be
suspended, and that the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. The gentleman has
not the floor to make that motion.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mis-
souri has the floor.
Mr. FENTON. What is the regular order of
business ?
The SPEAKER. Private bills.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. Unless some gen-
tleman indicates a desire to debate this bill, I will
call the previous question.
Mr. BINGHAM. I move to lay the bill upon
the table.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri, called for the yeas
and nays.
Mr. BURCH. I move a call of the House.
Mr. SHERMAN. I would ask if my motion
is not now in order to go into the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union ? I hope the
House will not waste the whole day upon this
private bill.
The SPEAKER. The motion is not in order
now.
The SPEAKER ordered tellers upon the mo-
tion that there be a call of the House; and ap-
pointed Messrs. Vallandigiiam and Thomas.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes seven; noes not counted^
So a call of the House was refused.
The yeas and nays upon the motion to lay the
bill upon the table were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 97, nays 50; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Charles F. Adams, Aldricll, Allen, Ash-
ley, Babbitt, Beale, Bingham, Blair, Biayton, Bristow,
Buifinton, Burlmgame, Burnham, Bntteifield, Campbell,
Carey, Carter, Case, Coburn, John Cochrane, Covodo,
John G. Davis, Dawes, De Jamette, Duell, Dunn, Eihvaids,
Ely, Etheridgc, Fent'on, Feny, Foster, Gainett, Goocii,
Grow, Guilcy, John T. Harris, Iloaid, Holinan,\ViIliam A.
Howard, Hiitchins, Irvine, Junkin, Francis W. Kellogg,
William Kellogg, Kenyon, Kilgore, Killlnger, DeWitt C.
Leach, James M. Leach, Longnecker, Looillis, Lovojoy,
Marston, McKean, Laban T. Mooie, Moorhead, Moinil,
Edwaid Joy Morris, Morse, Nixon, Ohn, Palmer, Perry,
Porter, Potter, Pottle, Edwin R. Reynolds, John II. Rey-
nolds, Riggs, Christopher Robinson, James C. Robinson,
Royce, Scranton, Sedgwick, Slieiman, Wiiliam N. II.
Smith, Spmnei, Stanton, Stevens, Stokes, Stratum, Tap-
pan, Thayer. Tompkins, Trimble, Vance, Vandevcr, Van
Wyek, Wade, Walton, Cadwalader C. Washburn, Ellilia-
B. Waslibuine, Wells, Wilson, Wintlom, and Wood—97.
NAYS—Messrs. Green Adams, Adrian, Thomas L. An-
derson,William C. Anderson, Barr, Barret, Brabson, Briggs,
Brown, Uilrch, Burnett, John B. Clark, Colfax, Cox, James
Craig, Curtis, thnimick, EdnmiHlson, English, Florence,
Fouke, Hamilton, Hindman, William Howard, Hughes,
Lee, Logan. Maclay, Mallory, Mavnaid, "McCiernatid, Me-
Kenty, McKinght, Montgomery, Nelson, Niblaek, Noell,
Pllelps, Piyor, Uuailes, Scott, fickle*, S paulding, William
Stewait,Thomas,Vallandigiiam, Wakhoil, Webster, Wins-
low, and Woodruff—50.
During the roll-call,
Mr. HELMICK stated that he had paired off
with Mr. Haskin- on this bill.
Mr. ANDERSON, ofMissouri, stated that Mr.
Woodson was confined to his room by indispo-
si don.
The result of the vote having been announced,
as above recorded,
Mr. BINGHAM moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was laid upon the table; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider upon
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
LOAN BILL.
Mr. SHERMAN. I now desire to eall up the
loan bill, if it has been printed.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
the bill has not yet been returned from the Printer.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will move, then, that the
House resolve itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. PHELPS. I hope the gentleman from
Ohio will permit me to offer an amendment to the
loan bill; and if he does net propose to proceed
with the consideration of the bill to-day, I should
like to have my amendment printed.
Mr. SHERMAN. As soon as the loan bill is
printpd—and I expect it every moment—I desire
to call it up; and then the gentleman can offer his
amendment.
JOHN RANDOLPH CLAY.
Mr. NIBLACK. I ask that,, by unanimous
consent, the Committee of the Whole House be
discharged from the further consideration of joint
resolution (H. R. No. 5) authorizing the proper
accounting officers of the Treasury to revise and
adjust the accounts of John Randolph Clay, Uni-
ted States minister to Peru. The bill makes no
appropriation, and it ought to pass. Mr. Clay is
here in the city waiting for the settlement of his
accounts. *
Mr. SHERMAN. I will not object to anything
that can be done by unanimous consent.
Mr. BRANCH. I will not object to this joint
resolution, inasmuch as merely refers this matter
to the accounting officers of the Treasury. I am
Perfectly willing that it shall pass; but it is not to
e understood as an expression of the opinion of
the House that this party ought to be paid his
claim unless he can show to the accounting offi-
cers of the Treasury that he can bring himself
within the terms of the existing law.
There being no objection, the Committee of the
Whole House was discharged from the further
consideration of the joint resolution. Itwasthen
ordered to be engrossed and read a third time;
and being engrossed, it was accordingly read the
third time, and passed.
Mr. NIBLACK moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
BALTIMORE AND OHIO RAILROAD.
Mr. CARTER. I ask leave to report back
from the Committee for the District of Columbia
Senate bill No. 377, to authorize the Baltimore
and Ohio Railroad Company to extend the Wash-
ington branch of their road to the Potomac river,
and across the same, by an extension of the pres-
ent structure known as the Long Bridge, for the
purpose of connecting with the Virginia railroad
at that point
Mr. BARR. I object.
 . D. IIARRILL,
Mr. LEE. I am instructed by the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads to ask the
unanimous consent of the House that the Com-
mittee of the Whole House be discharged from
the further consideration of House bill No, 89G,
for the relief of D. D. Harrill, and that it be put
upon its passage.
The bill was read. It authorizes and directs
the Postmaster General to examine the claim of
D. D. Harrill, late postmaster at Shasta, Califor-
nia, for his necessary expenses, attorney's fees,
costs of court, and damages m the way of interest,
in defending the actions of the Post Office Depart-
ment against him as postmaster, and against his
sureties—the judgmcntsobtained in which actions
having been heretofore remitted by the Postmas-
ter General—and to allow Harrill a sum not ex-
ceeding $2,649 97 therefor.
Mr. BURNETT. Is there anything from the
Department in regard to that bill?
Mr. LEE. I ask that the report, which is very
brief, may be read.
The report was read. It discloses, first, that
Drury D. Harrill, a citizen of the United States,
was appointed postmaster at Shasta, California,
on the 1st of October, 1853, which office he held
until June, 1855, during which time he expended
$1,042 31 for necessary clerk hire in the transac-
tion of the business of the office; also fifty dollars
per month for office rent, making $1,050 for the
whole period for rent, which, with the amount paid
for clerk hire, amounted to the sum of $2,092 31;
which sum, in settling with the Department, Har-
rill withheld. For the recovery of this amount
the Postmaster General instituted suit, and ob-
tained a judgment, upon which execution was
issued; whereupon Harrill borrowed the neces-
sary amount to liquidate the claim, and paid the
demand, judgment, and costs in full. On the 19th
of March, 1859, the Postmaster General ordered
$2,092 31 to be passed to the credit of Harrill on
the books in the Department; it being the amount
of the original claim of the Government against
Harrill. It appears to be well established by ac-
companying papers that Harrill, in defending the
suit and in hiring money to liquidate judgment and
costs, incurred the following liabilities: attorney's
fees, $827 69; court fees, §397 28; interest on
money loaned to pay judgment, (three to four per
cent, per month,) $1,425; which is shown to have
