712
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 2,
been the usual rate of interest paid at that time in
that place on well-secured paper.
There being no objection, the Committee of the
Whole House was dischaiged from the further
consideration of the bill. I: wag then ordered to
be engrossed, and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third time",
and passed.
Mr. LEE moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
LOAN BIIjI*.
Mr. SHERMAN. The loan bill is now here;
and I call for the regular order of business. It
has been printed; and it is important that it should
be passed immediately, so that the Senate may
act upon it to-day.
The House proceeded to the consideration of
House bill No. 972, authorizing a loan.
Mr. CrAftJNJSTT. I rise to a point of order. I
desire to know how this bill comes before the
House.
The SPEAKER. It was received yesterday by
unanimous consent, with the understanding that
it should come up to-day as soon as printed. That
is the way in which it comes before the House.
The bill was read, and is as follows:
Be it enactcdt$c., That the President of the United States
bo,*8 (1 licieby is, authonzed, at any time before the of
July next, to borrow, on the credit or the United States, a
sum not exceeding $25,000,000, or so much thereof as, in
lit5; opinion, the exigencies of the public seivice may in-
quire to be used in the payment of the cuirent demands
upon the. Treasury, and fm the icdemptton of Treasuiy notes
now outstanding, and to replace m the Ti pumii v any amount
of said notes which shall have been paid and received lor
public dues.
Sue. 2. *And be it further enadejl, That stock shall be is-
sued foi the amount m> bmrowed, beating niteuvtnot ex-
ceeding six per centum per annum, and to be reimbursed
within'a period not beyond twenty yeais,nnd nor less titan
ten years; and the Sceretaiy of the Tien-any be, and is
heieby, MitboiiKud, with the i-oiwtit of the i'lesident, to
cause certificates of stock to be piopaicd, which shall be
signed bv the Registei and sealed with the son! ot the'J'ie,i -
iny Dep.u luieut, for the amount so bonowed, m lavoi ot
the panics lending the s:une  or then assigns, which cer-
tificate^ may Itransferred on the books ot the Treasuiy,
under such tegulanons as may be established by tlie Peeic-
taiy of the Treasury : Provided, That no eeitificate shall
be issued for a less sum than $i,0U0: Jlnd piouided, afco,
That, whenever required, the Monetary of tlie Tieasiny
may cause coupons of semi-annual inteuM paj'abje theioon
to bo attached to certificate-* i&stied under this act ; and any
certificate with such coupons of interest attached may be
assigned mid transtened by delivery of the same, instead of
being transferred on the. books? oi the Treasuiy.
See. 3. vflttd ha it further cnarted, That beiore awatdmg
said loan, the Secretary of the Treasury shall cause to be
inserted lu two of the public nmvspapeu of the city of
Washington, arid in one oi nunc public newspapers in other
cities of the United States, public notice that sealed pio-
poxftla for Ruoh will be received until a certain day, to be
fepecifted in such notice, not less than ton days from'its first
msettion in a Washington newspaper; and such notice
shall state the amount ot the loan, at what peuods the
money shall be paid, if by installment-^and at what places.
Snoli sealed piopo«aN^hall ho opened, on the day appointed
in the notice, in tin- pi«'M>nce of such persons us may choose
to attend, and the proposals decided by thejSecietai v of the
Tieasm\, wlio thai! accept the most t.ivoiable oiieied by
ic^poiisiblo bidders lor said stock. And the said decretal v
shall icpoit to Congress, at the commencement ot the next
sutton. the ainountof money bonowed underthis act,and
of whom find on what ternn it shall have been obtained,
with an absttactoi biief statement of ail the pioposuls sub-
mitted j or the same, distinguishing between those accepted
and those i ejected, with a detailed statement of the expense
of making such loan«=.
Src. 4. j-htdhe it further enae'ed, That the faith of the
United States is hereby pledged for the due p,i\ incut of the
interest and the redemption of the principal of said stock.
Mr. PHELPS. I offer the following amend-
ment to the bill:
Suiko out ail after the enacting clause, and insert as fol-
low.* :
That the provisions of the thi'd section of the act " au-
thorising a loan, and providing for the ledomprmnof Tioas-
uiy note.-," appioved June'2-2, 1560.be, and hereby arc, so
modified a<  to empower the Secietary of the Treasuiy to
nejiofate the b, dance of said loan not already di-pocod of,
on teims winch may appear to be most favoiable to the
United States, which shad be offered.on notice to be pub-
lished not less than ten days, at the discretion of said fc*ee-
K-truy or the Tiea-ury, in the manuct prescribed in said
fluid -section of the act; and the proceeds of said loan may
be applied in the discharge oi the current expenses of the
Go\ ci nment.
Mr. Speaker, the bill, as reported from the
Committee of Ways and Means, proposes to au-
thorize the Secretary of the Treasury to negotiate
a new loan of $25,000,000. At the last session of
Congress we authorized a loan of $21,000,000.
The whole of that loan has not yet been negotiated
by theSecretary of the Treasury. There isa bal-
ance of that loan of nearly fourteen million, which
he is now authorized to negotiate. The House
of Representatives, at its last session, embodied
in the tariff bill a loan of $21,000.000; and that bill
•is now pending in the Senate, with a probability,
I think I may say, that it will receive the sanc-
tion of that body. We have now a proposition
for a new loan, while we have still a law upon
the statute-book authorizing a loan of nearly four-
teen million dollars. I am therefore opposed to the
passnge of the bill as reported by the Committee
of Ways and Mgans.
I desire that money shall be placed at the con-
trol of this Government, to meet its current ex-
penditures, including the redemption ofTreasury
notes; but I think the best policy would be to ne-
gotiate the loan already authorized, before author-
izing; a new loan. The credit of the country is
already depressed, and we will still further de-
press that credit by inscribing a new loan upon
our statute-book. I think the true policy of the
Government would be to negotiate the existing
loan. My amendment obviates any difficulties in
relation to the law authorizing that loan, and gives
the Secretary of the Treasury power to make the
negotiation forthwith. The exigencies of the
Treasury Department are pressing. On the 21st
day of January last there was but lit tic over two
million dollars subject to bo drawn by the Gov-
ernment of the United States m the various de-
positories.
The Secretary of the Treasury has informed
us that before the #h of March next he will need
something like eight million dollars, in addition
to the receipts from the usual sources of revenue.
Tic says that, under the terms of the loan act of
22d Juno last, he is required to advertise for too
long a period of time, for at least thirty days, be-
fore the loan is awarded; and he needs that sum
of money between now and the 4th of March next.
The amendment which I have submitted proposes
to modify the act of 22d June last in that respect,
by allowing the Senetary of the Tieasuiy to ad-
vertise for not less than ten days in the newspa-
pers of tlie city, and in such other cities as he may
desire. It also lenioves another restriction con-
tamed in that bill. That is, that tlie loan shall
not be negotiated for jess than par. I propose, by
my amendment, to modify the act of &SM June in
that respect, so that the Secretary of the Treasury
may negotiate the loan at less than par. The
bonds are to bear interest at I he rate of six per
cent,; and if my amendment be adopted, they aie
to be negotiated on such terms as the capitalists
of the countiy are willing to furnish money to tho
Government. 1 am willing to havu this loan of
nearly fourteen million negotiated in tins way.
But do gentlemen expect that the Government can
obtain money on as favorable terms, with this
loan outstanding, with the $25,000,000 now pro-
posed in the bill, and the $21,000,000 loan con-
tained in the tariff bill?
To show the modifications proposed by my
amendment, I quote the section of the act of 23d
June last. The fust section of that act provides
that said loan shall " be used ni the redemption of
Treasury notes now outstanding, mid to replace
in the Treasury any amount of said notes which
shall have been paid and received for public dues,
ondfor no other purpose." The third section is
as follows:
" d he it further cvadc-1, That before awarding said
loan, tlie Socie taiy of the Tiea-ii'V shall cause to he nisei ted
in two of the public newspapers of the city of Washington,
and in one or moiepuhlie newspapers in othercities of the
United States, public notice that sealed proposals for such
loan will be loceived until a certain day,to be specified m
such notice, not less than thirty days from ltsfiist iiisemon
iu a Washington newspaper; and such notice shall state
the amount of the loan, at what periods the money shall he
paid, if by installments, and at what places. Such sealed
pioposats shall be opened, on tlie day appointed in the no-
tice, in the piesence of such peisons as may choose to at-
tend, and tiie propo<ais decided by the Secretary of the
Treasuiy, who shall accept the most faioir.bl^ offered by
i (sponsible bidders for said stock. And saulSecretaiv shall
icpoit to Confess, at the commencement of the next ses-
sion, the amount of money borrowed under this act, and of
whom, and on what terms it shall have been obtained, with
an abstract oi briet statement of all thepioposals submitted
for the same, distinguishing between those accepted and
tho^e rejected, with a detailed statement of the expense of
making such loans: And provided, That no stock shall be
disposed of at less than its par value; and the sum of $5,000
is lieieby appropiiated, out of any money mthe Tteasury
not otherwise appropiiated,to pay for engraving and print-
in? the ceitifieates, and other expenses of executing this
act; but no additional compensation shall be allowed to
any person receiving a salary by law.5*
Do gentlemen suppose that the Government can
obtain money on as favorable terms as it could if
the loan proposed in the bill reported by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means were not authorized?
I am aware that the answer will be made to the
proposition which I make, that the loan of 22d
June last was authorized to be expended m the
retiring ofTreasury notes, and for no other pur-
pose whatever. We have provided by law,passed
at this session of Congress, that the Secretary of
the Treasury may issue §10,000,000 ofTreasury
notes; and they have been already issued, for the
furpose of redeeming outstandingTreasury notes,
am aware it will be urged that the balance of the
loan of 22d June last is applicable only to the
redemption of the Treasury notes outstanding at
the date of the passage of the act, and of such
Treasury notes as were authorized to be issued
at th is session of Congress. These Treasury notes
bear a rate of interest at from ten to twelve per
cent. The first $5,000,000 negotiated was at the
rate of twelve per cent., except about two hundred
and fifty thousand dollars. The next $5,000,000
negotiated was made at an average rate of interest
of not quite eleven per cent. The Treasury notes
will not go into circulation. They will not be
redeemed by the Government, because the hold-
ers will not present them for redemption until
the twelve months shall have expired, and the
sixty days additional allowed by the terms of the
act. In other words, thete is no need of pro-
viding for the redemption of the Treasury notes,
authorized at this session, until the next Congress
shall have assembled. It will be ample time then
to provide for their redemption. Gentlemen on
the other side now propose to modify the tariff;
and they assert that the tariff bill which passed
the House of Representatives will, if it become
a law, yield us at least $6,000,000 of revenue
more than is received under the present tariff act.
I do not believe that it will be so. But the gen-
tlemen who make the statement du believe it; and
if so, why do they now propose to create so large
a debt?
It is expected that the tariff bill will go into
effect about the 1st of July next; in other words,
that we will commence to receive all the benefits
under this increased rate of duties before the end
of this fiscal year, or by the commencement of
the next fiscal year. You must recollect, Mr.
Speaker, that there is a large amount of goods
now in the bonded warehouses—stored under the
existing warehousing system—the importers hav-
ing three years from the time they are deposited
to withdraw them for consumption or reexporta-
tion. If this new tariff act, which proposes the
abolition of the warehousing system, shall go into
effect, you necessarily force into market a large
amount of goods now deposited in the bonded
warehouses; and thus you either increase the re-
ceipts of revenue, or drive the importers to reex-
port these goods. I see that for the last six months
the goods entered for consumption, and with-
drawn from the bonded warehouses, have been
small; and the revenues derived from them have
been insufficient to meet the expenses of the Gov-
ernment. The merchants in the interior, owing
to the pressure in the money market, affd to the
political difficulties of the country, are slow in
making purchases. If these political disturbances
be settled, you will find commerce and manufac-
tures reviving, and the importation of foieigu
goods will bo largely mcieascd, unless the higher
lutes of duties imposed under the new tariff bill
shall have the effect of restricting importation.
I repeat, Mr. Speaker, that if we desire to main-
tain the public credit,our proper course is to make
provision for the use of the loan already au-
thorized, by the modifications proposed in my
amendment, instead of authorizing a new loan of
$25,000,000. I now tell the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means that, if this bill pass
in its present form, no money will be realized
from it before the 1st of March next. In order
to carry the act into effect, new plates will have
to be engraved and notes printed, and that will
require time.
But if my amendment be adopted, tho plates at
present in use can be used in printing the bonds
to be issued; and, after ten days' advertisement,
the Treasury will be prepared to issue its bonds.
The information which I have given to the
House has been derived from the Treasury De-
partment; and the amendment submitted by me
receives the approval of the Secretary of the Treas-
