APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 31,
:)6TH Cong. ... 2d SESS.
State of the Union—Mr. Edgerton.
Ho. of Reps.
the s'ame • right to take them into tho territory
and hold them there, as you uf the North to take
your cattleana other property. If it be true that
Slaves are property as cattle are property, then
you have the right, and should be protected in
that right. How, then are slaves property? Not
by viriiK1 of any natural law.
' In thatgreat primal law of Jehovah which gave
man dominion over the fowls of the air, the fish
<)f:th«sea,;8bnd the beasts of the field, I find no pro-
vision ferxtavery. By the common law—that law
Whieii is everywhere acknowledged, and which
grows out of the fitness of things—slaves are not
property. Nearly all civilized nations deny that
man can hold property in man; but my right to my
horse is every where admitted. This right was not
created bylaw; it existed before constitutions and
laws, and cannot be impaired by them. If, then,
yourslavesare property, the same as other prop-
erty in this Government, they must be made so by
the Constitution of the United States. And, pray,
where in that instrument do you find the article or
section which ordains and establishes slavery;
which makes one man the property of another?
And it must be there in express terms, if at all; for
such a relation cannot be created by inference or
implication; and if you find it there, 1 am surprised
at the excessive modesty which demands so little.
You are entitled to all you ask, and far more. As
was well said by my able colleague, [Mr. Stan-
ton,] in his unanswerable argument the other day,
" you have the right to take your slaves into the
States and hold them there" by virtue of the su-
preme law, " anything in the constitution or laws
of any State to the contrary notwithstanding."
And more than this: if sltwes are property by the
Constitution, you have the right to take your
slaves upon the high seas, and trade and traffic in
them there, and it is the duty of Government to
protect you in that right. And yet more: you I
have the right to take your slaves into any pait I
of the world, and hold them there; and your Gov- i
ernment must protect you in that right. "The 1
propertyofan individual,"says Vattel," does not
cease to belong to him on account of his being in
a foreign country; and it is still a part of the to-
tality of the wealth of his nation. The- preten-
sions which the lord of the territory might form,
in respect to the wealth of a foreigner, would be,
then, equally contrary to the rights of the pro-
prietor, and to those of the nation to which he
belonged."
But there is nothing of the kind in tho Consti-
tution. It sedulously guards even against such
a suspicion; and whenever it speaks of slaves, it
speaks of them as persons, not as things. Your
slaves must be property, then, (if indeed they aie
property at all,) by virtue of some local State
legislation. And will gentlemen tell me by what
process slavery, the creature of local laifc, is made
national? It is a well-established proposition in
law, that property, made so by local legislation, is
only property while within the local jurisdiction.
The moment you take your slave beyond the bor-
ders of your State, upon free territory, that mo-
ment the fictitious and unnatural relationship
created by your local law ceases, and your skive
stands before you 110 longer a thing, but a man like
yourself. When you ask us to admit the mon-
strous proposition that slavery is national, you
ask us to admit what your own southern courts
have again and again denied; what a few years
ago no man was insane enough to claim. Here
Are some of the decisions of your own courts,
which I submit to your consideration.
The court of appeals of Kentucky, in the case
of Rankin vs. Lydia, says:
" Slavery is sanctioned by the laws of this State, and
the right to hoid them under our municipal legutations is
unquestionable. But we view this as a right existing by
positive law of a municipal chaiacter, without foundation
in the Jaws of nature, or the unwritten and common law."
—2 Marshall'Repo/ts, p. 476.
The same principle is also affirmed in the case
of Tom Davis vs. Tingle el «£., (8 B. Monroe, p.
543.)
In the case of Lunsford vs. Coquilla, the su-
preme court of Louisiana declares that—
t(Tlte relation of owner and slave is—in the States of
this IJuion in which if has a legal existence—a creature of
municipal taw,"—2 Martin, p. 402.
The supreme court of Mississippi, in the case
of Harry vs. Decker, uses this very emphatic
language:
" Slavery is condemned by reason and the laws of na-
ture; it exists and can only exist through municipal regu-
lations."— Walkers Mississippi Reports, p, 42.
Also, page 83, State of Mississippi vs. Jones,
the court says:
"The right of the master exists, not by the force of the
law of nature or of nations, but by virtue only of the posi-
tive law of the Stafe."
The Supreme Court of the United States, in
the renowned Prigg case, decides the same point.
It says:
"The state of slavery is deemed to be a mere municipal
; regulation, founded upon and limited to the range of terri-
• tonal laws."—16 Peters, 439.
j Here, then, wc find southern courts—courts of
j now seceding States—sustaining the very posi-
I tion which we now take, and for which we are
denounced as sectional, and as enemies to the
South.
The gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Millson,]
whose candor and ability always command the
attention of this House, advanced a new, and, as
I think, a most untenable argument, in behalf of
the right of tho master to take his slave into the
Territory. He says:
" A slave is a man. lie is a responsible man; lcsponsi-
ble to our laws, responsible to God. lie is n person ; a per-
son held to seivice; and it is because he is a peison, that
the position of the South before this Congics>> and in the
Constitution is impregnable. I say it i*. because he is a per-
son that gentlemen or the Republican paity aic foibidden
to pass a law piolnbiting Ins emigration into the Teinto-
ries. As mere propmiy, you might set up a plausible claim
to exclude him. Ay, as mere piop'-rty, there would be a
color of argument in favoi of his exclusion; but as a per-
son, a person held to service, a man holding a personal re-
lation to another, a member of the household, a part of the
family, you have no more light to exclude him lrom the
privilege of going into the Teiritones with his master than
you have to exclude a wife from going into the Terutories
with her husband. The wife, too, by Jaw, owe* seiviee
and labor to the husband. The relation existing between
husband and wife is the relation established by the laws of
the States; and the gentleman from Ohio cannot say that
these are laws which arc local, and do not extend beyond
the limits of the States where they were enacted; because
the same argument would force him to the conclusion that
it n within the power of Congiu>,s lo exclude lrom a Ter-
ntory a wife bound to her hu-.tnuid under the laws of any
State, and that the husband cannotcanya wife occupying
that relation with bun into the Tomtoi ie.-.? bccaiiae the law
under which that lelatxm was established or recognized
does not extend beyond the teiutoiy of the Slate in which
it was enacted."
1 thank the gentleman for the admission, that
"the slave is a man—a responsible man;" the
conclusion follows of necessity, that he is entitled
to all the inherent rights of man, moral, mental,
and physical.
But I will not dwell on this point. I am sur-
prised that any one should claim for slavery, which,
in tho language of a southern judge, "is con-
demned by reason and the laws of nature," the
same consideration and protection as the natural
and universal relation of husband and wife—the
one is founded in force, the other in voluntary
contract. It is true the husband may take his wife
into any country, and the relationship continues,
because the relationship of husband and wife is
everywhere recognized and established; and I sup-
pose the slaveholder may take his slave into any
country where that relationship is established by
law. But the marriage relation even is controlled
by the law of the domicii, and not by the law of
the State where the marriage was consummated.
When a man moves from the State of New Yoik
into the State of Ohio, he is yet entitled to the .ser-
vices of his wife, not by virtue of the laws of New
Yoik, but by the laws of Ohio. In the State of
New York he was entitled to the services of his
wife, and, by the laws of that State, he could only
be divorced and deprived of those services for the
crime of adultery. But when he moves to Ohio,
the wife may seek and obtain divorce for habitual
drunkenness, extreme cruelty, willful absence for
three years, and for a number of other causes.
Should Brigham Young move into Virginia with
four, six, or a dozen wives, would the Virginia
law prevail oi the law of Utah ? Clearly the law
uf Vnginia. And the gentleman from Virginia
would say to the man of many wives: " Sir, you
can have but one wife here!" The law under
which the relation was established or recognized
does not extend beyond the territory in which it
was enacted. I think the gentleman would see
the fallacy of his argument should Bngharn reply
with the gentleman'sown speech: " My wives are
persons, responsible persons, holding a personal
relation to me; they are members of my house-
hold, a part of my family, and you have no right
to exclude them from the privilege of coming into
your State with me." What would thegentleman
say? Would he admit the force of the argument?
Wouldhe notrathersay: " If yuu wished to retain
your wives, you should have remained where po-
lygamy is lawful; the unholy relationship cannot
exist here.,, He might apply the language of the
Mississippi court, when speaking of the " twin
relic:" "It is condemned by reason and the laws
of nature; it exists, and can only exist, through
municipal regulations."
No, gentlemen, you have no legal or constitu-
tional right to take your slaves into the Territo-
ries; it is contrary to the spirit of our Govern-
ment, and contrary to the advice and practice of
the fathers. The policy of restriction was their
policy, and wc adopt it from them. And yet, un-
less we will permit you to take your local and pe-
culiar institution into all our Territories, to blast
the soil, to banish enterprise, to corrupt their in-
stitutions, and sow the seeds of future discord and
strife, you will dissolve the Union. In the name
of the Constitution, you make an unconstitutional
demand. In the name of liberty, you seek to es-
tablish slavery; pleadingfor justice, you attempt
to build up and strengthen the most gigantic in-
iquity the world ever saw. To vote to extend
your institution is to vote for our own banishment.
In the slave States, northern men are in More dan-
ger of insult and outrage than in any other part
of the world, civilized or uncivilized. I admit the
necessity which slavery imposes. Where slavery
lives, liberty mustdie; for there is an interminable
conflict between right and wrong, freedom and
slavery, God and Belial.
Mr. Speaker, the South, which complains of
oppression and wrong, has had the control of this
Government for twenty years. It has made every
department intensely sectional. No man could
hold office under it for one hour unless he was
pro-slavery. If from the North, he wasexpected
to abjure the faith of his fathers, and swear fealty
to slavery; and yet they have been oppressed!
This cry of southern wrongs is a subterfuge un-
der which treason has sought to hide its wicked
designs. It has been most loudly proclaimed by
those who, living upon this Government, swear-
ing to support it, have'nevertheless dared to plot
its overthrow. The South has been the favored
section under this Government; it has no real cause
to complain. Ali its rights have been carefully
secured; and all our obligations to the South we
have faithfully observed. You ask for protection
to your peculiar property. You get all that the
Constitution gives, and more. But the North has
cause of complaint. Wc ask, and ask in vain,
for protection to our persons in your sla\e States.
Unoffending noi thern men are scouiged, branded,
murdered, and they have no protection from your
laws. How can men who have encouraged these
things, and who now justify the theft, robbery,
and treason in the southern States, talk of that
fiction of fictions—southern wrongs? How the
South has been oppressed—oppressed with pa-
tronage and office; and whenever it has feltpower
slipping from its grasp, it has raised the howl of
disunion ! disunion ! And weaicmethereagain,
and asked what we are going to do to save the
Union? Gentlemen, the Union is of far more im-
portance to you than to us. We do not propose
to disturb it; do you? We abide by the Consti-
tution and laws, and expect you to do the same.
If you will, the Union is safe.
We are called upon to compromise with sla-
very—to give it new guarantees. If guaranteesare
to bfcgiven, I demand them for freedom. Now,
when the souls of men are stirred as with the in-
spiration of liberty; when Italy—long oppressed,
down-trodden, classic Italy—has risen from her
night of cnth rallnient, and, vindicating her ancient
renown, has wrung from the bloody hands of the
Hapsburgs her long-lost freedom; when the auto-
crat of Russia strikes from the limbs of his serfs
the corroded fetters; when disenthralled millions
on the banks of the Oder, the Lena, the Volga,
and the Dnieper, are singing their songs of deliv-
erance, it is no time in this nation, which began
by avowing the sublime doctrine of man's ma-
