1861.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
129
36tii Cong....2d Sess.
State of the Union—Mr. Wilson.
Ho. of Reps.
lienable rights—it is no time, I say, to talk of new
guarantees to slavery. As we revere the memo-
ries of our fathers, we should see that their hopes
of freedom are here realized, and that their blood
was not shed in vain. The great interests of the
present, and the yet greater interests of the future,
demand of us that we stay the further aggressions
of slavery. I will not compromise!
1. I will not com promise, because I have no faith
that any compromise we could make would stand
one hour longer than it ministered to slavery
The people have not yet forgotten—and I trust
they will not soon forget—the fate of the Missouri
compromise. The treatment of Kansas, baptized
in blood that she might be enslaved, is yet ter-
ribly fresh in their remembrance. We have had
compromise after compromise, and each one was
a finality. The perturbed spirit of slavery, we
wore told, was finally put to rest by the ghostly
incantation of compromise. But hardly had the
shouts of exultation died away, before the black
gladiator stalks again into the arena, demanding
new compromises. What security, I ask, have
we that any compromise wc may make will be
any betterobserved ? Put it into the Constitution,
you say. But the Constitution has always been
just what slavery would make it; and to-day H is
openly, vauntingly violated by the men who de-
mand further concession to slavery. Slavery is
that higher law before which compromise and
Constitution arc as dust.
2. I will not compromise, because I would not
fun her strengthen slavery. It is already strong
enough to endanger, if not to annihilate, this Gov-
ernment. In many of the States it has already
obliterated every one of the ideas which inaugu-
rated the Revolution, and made it memorable in
the free States. In the free States, it has demor-
alized the sentimentof our people, both priestand
politician, Church and State. "The li ail of the
serpent is over them all."
3. I will not compromise, finally, because sla-
very is a sin,an outrage against humanity, and an
insult to God. Disguise it as you will, it is still
. the crowning iniquity, the most ghastly atrocity.
Beginning in violence, it can neither be hollowed
by time nor sanctified by law. With my consent,
it shall never curse another foot of God's fair
earth. By no vote of mine shall it ever be strength-
ened or countenanced. You may dissolve this
Union, if you can. If its existence depends upon
supporting, strengthening, and extendingslavery,
then the sooner dissolved the better. It was
formed for the noble purpose of promoting jus-
tice and securing liberty; and when your Union
and Constitution fail to promote these ends, they
are no longer the Union and Constitution of our
fathers; they are no longer worthy the supportof
freemen. It is not the formula of words in our
Constitution which I reverence, but the animating
spirit—the guarantees to freedom.
But, Mr. Chairman, we are threatened with
war, unless wc yield to this new demand. Very
well; if war must come, let it come. Peace is not
the first interest of a people. Better encounter
war, with ail its manifold horrors, than suffer the
sense of justice and humanity to die out of the
hearts of the people. War—fierce,, bloody, and
relentless war, is better than the perpetual war of
despotism, which slowly but surely drags nations
down to rum. And gentlemen should know that
the first blast of war will be the trumpet-signal of
emancipation.
If compromise was desirable, this is not the
time to think of it. When the Constitution and
laws are openly defied; whim forts and arsenals
are seized by rebels; when the flag of our country
is no longer a protection to its citizens, btit rather
a target for treason, it is no time to compromise,
not till treason is punished, our plundered prop-
erty restored, and the stars and stripes planted
again upon every fortress in the land. No people
ever yet bought a permanent peace. Th" hordes ;
of Alariek returned to demand new tribute after
they had expended the gold uxtoited from the '
fears of Rome. So, compromise now; and from
this vantage-ground of precedent they will demand j
new and ever-increasing guarantees to slavery.
It is full time that we met this subject like men,
like legislators acting for the future. We may
shade our eyes with our hands, and swear that
the sun is blotted from the heavens, yet there it
New Series—No. 9.
is; we may compromise now, and tell others, and
try to believe ourselves, that it is a finality, but
who does not know that the disease is yet left to
spread and rankle, and finally to break out with
deadly virulence?
Your concession nostrums and compromise
empiricisms will never settle this controversy; it
is past quackery, and can only be settled in accord-
ance with eternal right. To compromise now, in
my judgment, is most dangerous and disgraceful;
dangerous to the cause of freedom, and disgrace-
ful to our manhood. Fresh from the people, with
averdict triumphantly in ourfavor, shall we stand
and chaffer to know whether that verdict shall be
executed in all its significance, or be canceled by
compromise? If we attempt to ignore that ver-
dict, our party, like others that have gone before
it, will die. If we, as men, are not strong enough
to execute that verdict, the people will send those
here who will. Great men may falterandfailinthis
trying struggle; but I believe the cause is stronger
than any man or set of men; strong enough to
spare them; and they who were so strong and
great, standing abreast with truth, may feel how
weak and dwarfed they are fightingfor the wrong.
We are invited to this humiliation to save the
Union. When Spurius Postumius, the Roman
Consul, was about to pass under the yoke of the
Samnitcs, a subaltern cried to him, " Stoop and
lead us to disgrace for our country's sake." There
is an apparent sarcasm in these words of the Ro-
man. But we must stoop and go under the yoke
for the sake of slavery. For one I shall do no
such thing.
Mr. Chairman, we hear much talk here about
reconstruction, that the seceding States may come
back with new constitutional guarantees to sla-
very. Let no one deceive himself with such a
fallacy. The State which really gets out of this
Union will never return; she digs behind her a gulf
as impassable as that which separated Dives from
Paradise. And should any get out, when they
attempt to return they may realize the truth of the !',
old poet: " To go to hell is easy; but to come back [ |
again, that is labor, that is toil." ji
What a lamentable picture, Mr. Chairman, do !'
we now present to the world. Citizens are seized,
scourged, murdered; armed bands of traitors cap-
ture forts and arsenals; they fire upon our flag,
and flaunt defiance in our very faces; and yet Gov-
ernment, we are told—and told, too, by northern
men on this lloor—Government is powerless; we
cannot enforce the laws. What to me is singular
is, that these very men who now deny the power
of Government to vindicate its laws are the men
who talk loudest and longestabout law and order
whenever a fugitive, man or woman, is to be
returned to slavery. Then law is a sacred thing,
and its enforcement the highest duty; but when
law is invoked to arrest treason and robbery, then
we are asked if we intend to resort to coercion.
Is not coercion the essence of all government?
Not the coercion of unfeeling, intangible State
organizations; but the coercion of men who are
responsible to the law.
How long since our Government became so
feeble,so averse to force? When Anthony Burns
was siezed in Boston, Government did not stand
and hesitate. The ArmyandNavy were proffered
at once; and when, in the gray of the morning,
he was marched down to the wharf, to be sent
back to slavery, he was escorted by a band of sol-
diers. There was coercion; Government was then
prompt as thought—a very giant in the presence
of that poor, weak negro; to him it was, " fierce
as ten furies, teriible as hell." The Executive of
the nation was then a Mars panoplied for fight.
But now, when crime is rife and treason ram-
pant, the Executive, instead of using the power
intrusted to him. to stay the crime and arrest the !
treason, looks on aghast, and suffers it to gather ;
head and power nil, finally, m utter despair, like ■
a Dominican monk, he exclaims, "Ho! all ye ;j
good people of the United States, let us piav !" !l
and men that never thought of prayer before* j:
responded, "Amen: lei us pray.J* ||
I will confess, i feel humiliated and disgraced j
m this humiliation of my country. I lament its
fallen greatness, and blush for its loeifoancy and
shame. Our nation is now an tna) before the
nations of the earth and pa&ieyity. How it will
pass the trying orde&lj impartial history will
record. If we dare be true, relying upon justice,
which is ever strong, then all will be well; the
brightest page of our history is yet to be written.
But if, for material considerations or for peace, we
barter away truth and right, then will history
record our downfall and infamy, because we knew
our duty and we did it not. But whether in war
or in peace, whether in the Union or out of the
Union, 1 trust that that which is more than Union,
more than Constitution—the rights of man—will
come out of this struggle vindicated and unim-
paired. Though the clouds hang heavily around
us, narrowing our vision, yet I have an abiding
faith that beyond the murky cloud, in the calm,
serene majesty of Omniscience, "standeth God
within the shadow, keeping watch above his
own."
STATE OF THE UNION.
SPEECH OF HON. JAMES WILSON,
OF INDIANA,
In the House of Representatives,
Febmary 1,1861.
The House having under consideration the report from
the select committee of thirty-three—
Mr. WILSON said:
Mr. Speaker: It is seldom that I ask the atten-
tion of the House. I would not do so now, did not
the magnitude of the question and the deep interest
which pervades the whole country demand a full
consideration of the perils which surround the
Union, and which threaten its existence. Sir,
not more than three months ago the magnificent
spectacle was presented to the civilized world of
four million freemen assembled together quietly,
peacefully, constitutionally, to assert and main-
tain the great principle of self-government. Four
million freemen! It was a spectacle unsurpassed
in the history of all past or all present Govern-
ments. Citizens of all nations^ under the nobler
name of American, performed their respective
parts in the majestic drama. Hardly had oneact
closed when the curtain reascended upon another
—the appalling scene of a violated Constitution,
broken Union, disloyal States, and a disunited
people. Between admiration and amazementthe
world stands in silence.
Sir, what has caused all this? Why is it that
we this day deliberate upon the fate or America?
I lis proper that the interrogatory should be asked,
and it is proper that it should be answered; for
what party now, or what party hereafter; what
State, or what individual, can be able to stand
and justify before the people, before the bar of
nations, and before God, any act which severs
and destroys the American Union?
I repeat, then, what has caused all this extraor-
dinary condition of public affairs? Why do we
deliberate? Does a foreign foe stand upon our
soil? Does a foreign fleet threaten our ports?
Does a foreign flag float over one inch of our ter-
ritory5 No, sir; not at all. What then? Is it
the internal condition of the country ? Certainly
not. Nothing unusual or unwarrantable has oc-
curred. The Federal Government is to-day as it
was last year, and as it has been for four years.
It has not aggressed upon the rights of the States,
nor have the States aggressed upon the rights of
each other to the denial of all remedy. Without
and within, at home and abroad, upon land and
upon sea, on the day this Congress reassembled
we were stronger, happier, richer, more honored,
and more envied, than ever before in our national
existence.
Nevertheless, sir, the Union is in danger ; the
country is in a fearful commotion, and the foun-
dations of the Government are shaken to their
profoundest depths. A revolution, a great revo-
lution, the very plan of which a short t me ago
would have seemed impossible, has begun, is pro-
ceeding, and threatens to continue to the over-
throw o*' all our institutions. Sir, what do we
see ? What does each day bring forth « Rebel-
lion—anarchy everywhere; both at the capital
and in the States. And not only so, but vast mil-
itary preparations; trains of artillery hurried from
the frontier to the center; ordeis to the Army and
Navy; the seizure of forts and the erection of bat-
teries along the sea-coast; the unlawful appropri*
ation of the property of the United States-, the
