1861.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
131
36th Cong....2d Sess.
State of the Union—Mr. Wilson.
Ho. 01? Reps.
Sir, the whole complaint of South Carolina is
unjust. It has no foundation whatever. It is
absurd. Here I leave this question. It is use-
less to proceed any further. I will only say,
whatever may be the result of the action of South
Carolina; whatever may be the result of the action
of the other States who now stand in open oppo-
sition to the Government of the United*States,
still, I believe that the judgment of mankind and
the judgment of posterity will dcclare and indel-
ibly stamp it on the pages of history that there
never was so causcless, so unnatural, and so un-
justifiable a rebellion, as this which now convulses
the country,
I come now to the question immediately before
the House. On the second day of this session of
Congress, the President of the United States made
an especial reference to the alarming state of pub-
lic affairs, in his annual message. On the same
day, on motion of the honorable gentleman from
Vuginia, [Mr. Boteler,] a special committee of
thirty-throe was appointed to consider the dis-
turbed condition of the country. In the Senate
of the United States, the distinguished Senator
from Kentucky [Mr. Critte.vden] brought for-
ward a series of measuies for the permanent ad-
justment of the question of slavery. All of these
plans of ad justment are before us and the people.
We have the plan of the President, the plan of
the Senator from Kentucky, and the plan of the
committee of thirty-three. What of these plans
of adjustment? What Ls their object? Sir, we
are informed that it is to conciliate the South.
Why conciliator Has the South been wronged ?
Wherein, I ask? Has the South been oppressed
by any act of the Federal Government' Where
is the evidence? Where is the act? If any such
act of the General Government exists, let it be
produced. If there is none, then there is noth-
ing to concede or conciliate. But we are told that
these arc all measures of peace. With whom?
With the loyal States? Let the seizure of Fort
Moultrie, let the affair of the Star of the West,
let thee nvtron merit of Fort Pickens answer. Peace
measures indeed! We had a peace measure in
1800; we had a peace measure in 1850. Where
are they? Both have been sweptaside. Can wo
expect, is it reasonable to expect, thatanyadjust-
ment we may now agree upon will share any
better fate ? Let us not be precipitate in this mat-
ter. Let us not be in haste to adopt measures for
which we mav be justly reproached forever. Sir,
after all, the "difficulty is not in Congress nor in
the people. It is in slaveiy itself, and nowhere
else. But let us consider these plans. What, then,
is the plan of the President? It is this: an ex-
planatory amendmentof the Constitution on three
special points:
1. An express recognition of the right of prop-
erty in slaves in the States where it now exists
or may hereafter exist.
2. The duty of protecting this right in all the
common Territories throughout their teintorial
existence, and until they shall be admitted as States
into the Union, with or without slavery, as their
constitutions may prescribe.
3. A like recognition of the right of the master
to have his slave who has escaped from one State
to another restored and delivered up to him, and
of the validity of the fugitive slave law, enacted
for this purpose, together with a declaration im-
pairing or defeating this right,are violations of the
Constitution, and are consequently null and void.
Sir, this is the plan of the Executive. It is com-
prehensive at least. Besides, it has the virtue ot
being explicit. The President has not been de-
terred by words. I commend him in tins respect.
Other gentlemen, whose plans are before us, might
well have imitated his example. Again, the Pi esi-
dent may be commended in the fact that he has
proposed the proper mode by which an amend-
ment may be originated. That is, by Congress
or the Legislatures of the States. In this he dif-
fersfrom the Senator from Kentucky, whose plan
is wholly outside and independent of the Consti-
tution. Beyond this, sir, there is nothing in the
plan of the President I can approve. I know of
no contingency which would compel me to its
support. Of what value would be the Union itself,
with all its unnumbered blessings, after such an
abandonment and sacrifice of principle? Sir, m
my opinion, it would he worthless. Adoptit,and
where,on all this American continent,could there
be a nook or corner where liberty could fly for
refuge or hide her divine form ?
But I will not detain the House with the plan
of the President. It is a subversion of the prin-
ciples of civil liberty; it is despotism. Rut, we
may congratulate ourselves upon one thing; that
^vhile history shall record that the Piesidentof
the United States—peihaps the last President of
the United States—was so unworthy of his high
position as to offer and earnestly press such an
adjustment of the question which has disturbed
and revolutionized the country, still it will at the
same time record the fact, that the representatives
of twenty million people rejected the proposition,
and refused it sanction in any form.
I proceed to the consideration of the plan of
the distinguished Senator from Kentucky. I say
distinguished. Sir, the Senator from Kentucky
stands without a peer. He is the last of that race
of statesmen who have shed undymg luster upon
the Ameucan name. In public and in private life;
in the councils of the nation, or upon its battle-
fields: his long career has been without spot or
blemish. Sir, not only all Kentucky, but all
America, venerates his name. Here is the danger
in the resolutions of the Senator. I am afraid
that the influence of his great name may peisuade
the people of the United Suites to commit an irrep-
arable wrong. I am afraid that the affection
which the people everywhere bear for that Sen-
ator will control their judgment and shape their
action.
But what are the propositions of the Senator from
Kentucky? What is his plan ? At the very out-
set we are struck with a remarkable fact. That
is, that the proposition of the honorable Senator
is a violation of the Constitution itself. The Con-
stitution pi escribes the mode, and the only mode,
by which amendments may be made. Does it
pi esci ibe the mode of the Senator from Kentucky?
it does not. 1 will read it:
'• Resolved lm the Senate and House of Representative} of
the United States of .-hncucaw Conzics «$sc?rt6/e</, That
provision ought to be made by law, without delay, toi taking
the seine ot the people, and Mibimttmg to then vote the
following resolutions the for [lie final and perma-
nent settlement of tho<e di-putos that now di-Hut l> the paaco
of the country, and Uneaten the evihtcnce of the Union."
It is an unauthorized procedure. How can
the Constitution be amended? There are two
modes. First, Congress, whenever two thirds of
both Houses shall deem it necessary, shall propose
amendments; or, second, on the application of the
Legislatures of two thirds of the States, Congress
shall call a convention for proposing amendments,
which, in either case, shall be valid as part of the
Constitution, when ratified by the Legislatures of
three fourths of the States, or by conventions m
three fourths of the States, as maybe deteimmed
by Congress. Do^s the Senator from Kentucky
propose either of these modes? Sir, he proposes
an appeal to the judgment of the people. The
judgment of the people has been recently heard,
in one lespect. That judgment must first be re-
spected and obeyed beloie I shall in voke it again,
Then will he the time to consider this proposition,
if it should he considered at all. Why submit
these Resolutions to the people ? There is no au-
thority to do so. Because it is said there is a great
emergency? Well, sir, the Constitution has pro-
vided for all emergencies. I then insist upon the
constitutional remedy. Are amendments needed
to the Constitution ? Lettwo thirds of both Houses
of Congi ess propose them. Will Congress refuse
to do so ? Then , sir, let two thirds of the States,
through their Legislatures, apply to Congress to
call a national convention to propose amendments.
Will the Legislatures of the States refuse to do
so'1 Then the whole matter is at an end.
But aicain: I beg gentlemen to consider one
moment. If amendments are to be dictated by
the popular judgment, can gentlemen hope that
such amendments, so unconstitutionally obtained,
and thrust into the Constitution in accordance and
by virtue of its lesult, would be final and perma-
nent* ] f the opinion and judgment of the people
is proper now to obtain constitutional provisions
m favor of slavery, may lmt hereafter a similar
appeal be made and justified to overthrow every
vestige of slavery ? Would gentlemen admit then
that the judgment of the people should be ap-
pealed to and implicitly obeyed ? I think not.
Sir, it is a dangerous precedent. Besides, if the
character of the Constitution^ the United States
is to be determined by a popular vote whenever
appealed to, then its stability is gone. Instead
of a permanent and stable charter of rights, the
Constitution would become a mere patchwork of
whatever the passions and prejudices of the peo-
ple determined it to be in a popular vote. But it
may be said that neither Congress nor the con-
ventions of the States, are compelled to carry out
the judgment of the people in their vote. The
proposition of the Senator from Kentucky means
that it shall be an instruction not to be set aside,
or it means nothing, and is useless. It means
that if the popular vote of the people of the Uni-
ted States shall be in favor of the amendments,
they shall be incorporated into the Constitution.
That is just what the proposition does mean, and,
therefore, violates and overthrows the Constitu-
tion in its attempt to preserve and maintain it.
The Constitution of the United States was never
intended to be placed in the hands of the people
for their revision by a popular vote. I do not in-
tend to place it there now. I suppose if the joint
resolutions of the Senator from Kentucky should
pass, I would have a right to vote upon them on
their submission. I do not want the right; I do
not intend that any other person shall have the
right. It is an unconstitutional right; it should
be voted down, and I believe it will.
But if there was nothing in the mode proposed
by the honorable Senator, still I cannot support
the propositions; and therefore will not consent
to their submission in the manner prescribed. I
do not believe there is any necessity to incorpo-
rate such amendments in the Constitution. What
are they ? Seven amendments in favor of slavery;
seven evei lasting and irreversible amendments to
perpetuate slavery. Look at them: protection tt>
slavery in all the territory now held or that shaft
hereafter be acquired south of the line of 360 30';
protection to slavery in all the public property of
the United States situate within the limits of a
slave State; protection to slavery in the District
of Columbia; protection to slavery in the trans-
portation of slaves from one State to another or to
a Territory in which slaves by law are held; pro-
tection to slavery in the Treasury of the United
States, in the payment of the value of a rescued
slave; protection to slavery in the rendition of
persons held to service; protection to slavery in
the right of representation, and protection to sla-
very in all the slave States. Sir, these amendments
are to be unchangeable—irreveisiblo. No future
amendments, under any circumstances, nor atany
time, nor by all the millions which shall come here-
after, shall affect them in any way. Sir,can this
be done in America? Can this be written in the
Constitution of the United States? If so, lift not
to the dome of the Capitol the siatue of Liberty,
with her robe of stars. Place not another stone
on the rising monument to the peerless Washing-
ton. Let them stand as they now are, uncrowned
and unfinished, forever.
But, sir, 1 wish to examine these amendments
moie in detail. The first proposed amendment
is as to the condition of the Territories. As to
the territorial question, three propositions are
advanced: \
1. The right of future acquisition.
2. The idea of property in man in the Territo-
ries recognized in the Constitution.
3. The duty of protecting such property by all
the departments of the terntoiial government.
In my opinion, all of these propositions are
unwise, dangerous, and fruitful only of evil. Ac-
quisition of territory. Who does not know that
territory which has been acquired lias been the
source of great disquiet and disturbance. More
than once the integrity of the Union has been
menaced, and its perpetuity periled, in the acqui-
sition of territory and its government. The ac-
quisition of Louisiana, of Texas, of New Mexico,
and California, ought to warn us against the eager
desire for additional territory. Besides, all his-
tory warns us with its examples of nations who
have perished in their struggles for wider empire.
Sir, there is no necessity for additional territory.
It is not required eitherforthedevelopment of our
political system or our political power. _ Neither
do we need territory to extend the institution of
slavery. Sir, the States now in the Union,! meaa
