716
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 2,
Maine, [Mr. Morse,] the chairman of the Naval
Committee, desires to be heard.
Mr. PHELPS. Only one member of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means has spoken upon this
question.
Mr. SCOTT. Well, I do hope tho chairman
of tho Committee of Ways and Means will have
the magnanimity to extend the time an hour or
two longer.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no objection to the
debate being left open to-day, with the under-
standing that it shall closo at the adjournment of
the House.
Mr. SCOTT. I will agree to that.
Mr. MORSE. It seems to me very evident that
\vc shall not get through the debate on this ques-
tion to-night. If we agree to the proposition of
the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means that the debate shall run this evening, with
the understanding that no vote shall be taken till
Monday, members will go home, and we shall not
have the privilege of explaining to the House the
reasons which induced us to bring forwaid this
measure.
There is my friend from New York, who op-
posed this measure last year, and who wishes to
make some remarks.
Mr. SHERMAN. I withdraw my proposition.
I simply move that the rules be suspended, and
that the House resolve itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. MORSE. I have not given up the floor.
I want to say this 
The SPEAKER. No debate is in order.
Mr.MORSE. It seems to me that we had better
proceed to the debate on the report of the com-
mittee of thirty-throe to-day, and take up this
Chiriqui matter on Monday, and go through with
it and finish it then. If we take that course, we
will get along just as rapidly, and come to a close
just as quickly as wc would if wc were to go on
a little way to-day with it, and then go'to the
debate on the report of the committee of thirty-
three.
Mr. SICKLES. I suggest to the gentleman
from Maine that he hud better accept the propo-
sition of tho chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means, and go into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union now. If we can-
not finish this matter to-day, it can be resumed
on Monday.
Mr. MORSE. I hope not. I think the other
way is better.
The SPEAKER. The question is on the mo-
tion of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Sherman.]
The motion was agreed to.
The rules were accordingly suspended; and the
House resolved itself into the Committee of the
Whole 011 the state of the Union, (Mr. Burnett
in the chair,) and resumed the consideration of
the special order, being the Senate amendments'to
the bill (H. R No 866) to supply deficiencies in
the appropriations for the service of the fiscal year
ending June 30, lb61, the pending question being
on Mr. Morse's amendment to the third amend-
ment of the Senate, as follows:#
Add at the end of the amendment as follows :
Provided, That no part of the sum heteby appropiiated
shall be drawn Irom the Tieasury until aftet Mich conditions
and regulations have been established by the President in
reference to supplying coal under said eontiaet, and lor the
performance oi all the provisions of the satne, ad will fully
protect the United States againsr the failure or incapacity of
said Thompson or said Chiriqui Improvement Company
to fulfill its stipulations: Provided further, That the United
States shall Require no right of soveioignly over any terri-
tory in the Republic of New Gianada or Costa ltica, nor
any right to transport troops or munitions of war ovei such
territory under or by virtue of the contract recited m this
act, unI<2R<? die same be voluntarily consented to by said
Republic.
The Senate amendment being as follows:
To enable the Secretary of tho Navy to carry out the
conditional contract made by him with the Chiriqui Im-
provement Company and Ambiose W. Thompson, on the
21ct day of May, 1859, for the puiporc of cocuiing to the
f'mted States certain valuable privileges and rights speci-
fier! m -'aid contract, and which said eontiaet is hereby
appioved, £300.000.
On which Mr. Stanton was entitled to the
floor.
Mr. STANTON. Mr. Chairman, I propose to
occupy the attention of the committee for but a
few minutes. I have made no elaborate investi-
gation on the subject; and I desire simply to pre-
sent an idea or two that lie on the surface, and
# about which there cannot be any controversy. It
is proposed here to appropriate $300,000 for the
purpose of acquiring certain privileges for this
Government within thejurisdiction and territorial
limits of a foreign nation, which that nation has
expressly refused to grant, which we have no right
to claim, and theattempt to exercise which would
be an act of hostility against a friendly Power,
and in fact would be an act of war. I suppose,
Mr.Chairman,thattheonly valuable right which
this Government can acquire by virtue of this
contract with the Chiriqui company, is the right
to transport over this railway troops and muni-
tions of war, and whatever else the Government
may desire to transport over it; and to establish
naval stations, depots, at the two termini of the
road.
Now, if I can understand this contract at all,
these are rights which the grantees are expressly
precluded, by the terms of the contract, from giv-
ing to any foreign Government. They are rights
which this Government cannot claim without a
violation of the law of nations. We have friendly
lelations existing with this foreign Government;
and the moment we undertook to exercise rights
under this contract we would violate these friendly
relations. How that difficulty is to be avoided I do
not comprehend. Does not every gentleman see
that, as a matter of course, no nation can, in the
nature of things, permit a foreign Power to acquire
jurisdiction of this kind within her territorial lim-
its ? The right to transport troops, munitions of
war, articles contraband of war—the right to ex-
ercise jurisdiction in its harbors, to contiol all the
sovereignty of the State within whose jurisdiction
these rights are to be given—are things utterly
inadmissible and at war with the law of nations.
It is a right which cannot be conceded without an
essential surrender of the sovereignty of the na-
tion within whose limits it is to be given. These
rights are, as I understand it, the consideration
for which wc are to pay the sum of $300,000. You
are to pay this money on the promise of Messrs.
Thompson & Co. that they will acquire and trans-
fer these rights to this Government, and that they
will construct a railroad from the Atlantic to the
Pacific across the Isthmus. Yoii are to pay the
money; and if these gentlemen build the road,
why, it is all very well so far, if you can get the
privilege to transport troops across, it or to use it
at all; but if not,then there is an end to the whole
business, and the $300,000 is gone.
You are to pay this money on trust. I know
that the gentleman from Maine, the chairman of
the Committee on Naval Affairs, [Mr. Morse,]
proposes that it shall not be paid until the Presi-
dent shall take such security as he may think
necessary for the fulfillment of the contract by
Thompson & Co. I do not choose to trust it in
the hands of the President. It seems to me, Mr.
Chairman, that, in times like these—when the
Government is about falling to pieces; when the
Treasury is being plundered; when loan bills are
being passed by Congress—we ought to know
very well that wc arc acquiring something valua-
ble before we appropriate §300,000 for a purpose
of this kind.
That is all I have to say. These arc facts which
present themselves right on the face of the report,
and do not need any elaboration. How gentle-
men can support this measure, passes my com-
prehension. I am told that there is a good deal
of lobbying all around. 1 do not know how thgLt
is. Gentlemen from Pennsylvania are very anx-
ious to defeat it on account of their coal; and the
Panama Railroad Company are anxious to defeat
it because it might interfere with their interests;
and the Chiriqui company are anxious to get this
appropriation; and therefore it is said that there
is a good deal of lobbying about it.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I ask the
gentleman whether he has heard any member
from Pennsylvanialobbying against this measurer
Mr. STANTON. Not a word. I have heard
no lobbying onanyside. No one has approached
me to say a word about it.
Mr. SCOTT. Mr. Chairman, my remarks on
this amendment will be as brief and concise as
possible. It is very evident that the House is get-
ting tired of the subject. I shall not take a legal
or a constitutional view of it; nor will I even at-
tempt to answer the argument made by tho gentle-
man from Missouri [Mr. Phelps] a few days since.
That duty has been well and faithfully performed
by the distinguished gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Sickles;] and as far as that portion of the
subject is concerned, I would respectfully suggest
to members to read in the Globe of to-day the views
presented by the gentleman from Missouri, and
the overwhelming, demolishing, and crushing re-
ply of the gentleman from New York. In fact,
if I had a disposition to allude to the argument of
the gentleman from Missouri, my sympathy for
the bleeding wounds inflicted on fiim by the gen-
tleman from New York would forbid my doing
so. The gentleman from Missouri, without any
cause, without any charge being made, gratui-
tously denied that any lobby influence was at
work to defeat the Chiriqui route. This is rather
suspicious; or why this denial before a charge
was made ?
Now, in regard to the matter of lobbying, I here
declare, that I have it from the most undoubted
authority, that there is a monopoly at work—a
monopoly which has been the curse and bane of
my State; a monopoly which has ground down
and oppressed the seven hundred thousand inhab-
itants on the Pacific coast; a monopoly which has
defeated the Nicaragua mute; a monopoly which
has broken down the Tehuantcpec route, and
which now rears its brazen front to break down
this Chiriqui route. I allude to the Panama Rail-
road Company. I do not mean to say—and far
be it from me to intimate—thatanymemberof this
House has been improperly approached on this
subject; but I have reason to believe that there are
some persons from the city of New York, who
have " assumed the livery of Heaven to serve the
devil in," at work to perpetuate the Panama rail-
road monopoly and to break down this Chiriqui
route It is a monopoly of the most outrageous,
monstrous, and infamous kind, and stinks in the
nostrils of every honest man on the Pacific coast.
Mr. PHELPS. As the gentleman from Cali-
fornia is noticing some allusions I made the other
day, I desire to say that some of the friends of
this amendment approached me, and alleged there
was an influence at work on behalf of the Panama
Railroad Company to prejudice their rights and
defeat the amendment of the Senate. I remarked
at that time that, being upon the committee which
was charged with the examination of this subject,
I had yet to be approached by a single person out-
side of Congress who was opposed to the passage
of this amendment; but that 1 had met several
gentlemen outside of Congress who were urging
the adoption of the amendment of the Senate. I
alluded to the subjectin consequence of the remarks
I had heard, that agents of the Panama Railroad
Company were here for the purpose of breaking
down this contract with the Chiriqui Improve-
ment Company. I stated that, so far as my in-
formation extended, no opposition had been pre-
sented here to the confirmation of this contract
upon the part of the Panama Railroad Company.
Mr. SCOTT. I state it upon the most unques-
tionable authority that the Panama Railroad Com-
pany are opposed to the approval of this contract,
as they have opposed and broken down the op-
position on the Nicaragua route and on the Te-
huantepecroute. I do not blame them for it. They
have$10,000,000 invested in this road, which pays
them twenty per cent, per annum upon their in-
vestment. It is well known that they have a sink-
ing fund for the purpose of wiping out every at-
tempt that shall be made to establish an opposition
to their monopoly. Sir, with a capital of the sum
of $10,000,000, paying them an interest of twenty
percent., they can well afford to devote ten per
cent, for the purpose of crushing out all opposing
enterprises. And it is this Panama Railroad Com-
pany which raises its front here in opposition to
the confirmation of this contract with the Chiri-
qui company by the Secretary of the Navy; noth-
ing else.
But, sir, let us examine and see what the priv-
ileges of the Panama railroad are. As I said
before, for six long years, wc on the Pacific coast
have had our necks under the heel of the Panama
Railroad Company. It is true that the progress
of the Pacific coast has been unprecedented in the
annals of history; it is true that California has,
in the short space of eleven years, from a popu-
lation of less than twelve thousand persons, risen
to a State containing not less than five hundred
thousand freemen; but it is also true that, instead
of that number of inhabitants, we should have
exceeded a million, if our communication with
the Atlantic had not been blocked up by the out-
