1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
rageous monopoly of the Panama Railroad Com-
pany. As stated by the distinguished gentleman
from New York, [Air. Sickles,] that company
charges twenty-five dollars per head for every
human being who passes over that forty-seven
miles of road. They charge nine dollars per ton
for the transportation of coal. Why, sir, by pay-
ing them the liberal price of two cents per mile
per ton, the cost of freight would only amount to
ninety-four cents per Ion—the same as charged
by the Reading company, .Pennsylvania; yet for
every ton of coal this Government is required to
transport over that road, they require the pay-
ment of nine dollars; and they require the payment
of $1 84 per cubic foot for the transportation of
all other merchandise. The Government is com-
pelled to pay fourteen dollars per ton for the coal
it uses at Aspinwall on this side, or twenty dollars
per ton upon the Pacific side, for all that is used
for the supply of the Pacific squadron. Now, sir,
the fact seems to have been ignored in this dis-
cussion that this Government will save a heavy
expense in the cost of its coal by entering into the
proposed contract with Ambrose W. Thompson
and others.
Mr. SICKLES. I would like, with the consent
of the gentleman, to state a fact in connection
with the matter of the cost of transportation to
which he is alluding. 1 have taken pains to in-
form myself in regard to the point the gentleman
from California is now making; and the result
to which has been drawn from that information
is, that the price of fare for the whole route from
New York to California is the cheapest in the
world,considering the distance; and second, that
the railroad tariff across the Isthmus is the dearest
in the world; that thirty thousand is the average
number of passengers annually between the ports
of New York and San Francisco; that the aver-
age rate of fore is $100 each, of which $25 is paid
to the Panama Railroad Company for carrying
them over forty-seven miles of railroad; $2:2 50
is paid for the steamship route of twenty-five hun-
dred miles from New York to Aspinwall, and
$52 50 from Panama to San Francisco; and the
$22 50, for carrying them twenty-five hundied
miles, includes from eight to ten days' board.
At the period when the passengers were taken
for $50, during the existence of opposition routes
from New York to San Francisco, $25 out of the
$50 was still paid to the Panama railroad,leaving
only §25 for the carriage of passengers six thou-
sand miles. The Panama Railroad Company
would not listen to any appeal to reduce then-
fare. The question now is; will the House of
Representatives encourage the continuance of that
monopoly, or will they provide for breaking it
up? These are the facts.
Mr. SCOTT. 1 am much indebted for the sta-
tistical information furnished by the gentleman
from New York; and I here vouch for the correct-
ness of e\rry fact slated by him, for 1 have my-
self traveled the route seveial times.
Here is another point. In thirteen years the con-
tract of ihe Panama Railroad Company with the
New Cft aiutdiaii Government expn es. Under that
con ticiet, upon the payment by the New Granadian
Government of the sum of $5,000,000, the rail-
road goes in fee-simple, with all its privileges, to
that Government. Now,every gentleman knows
that st is perfectly easy for New Granada to raise
$5,000,000 in France, m England, orin this coun-
try, at six percent.; which, with thepresentearn-
jngs of the road, would give them a clear profit of
fourteen per cent, upon $10,000,000. In fact, the
citizens of this Government would have to pay a
profit of from one million five hundred thousand to
two million dollars annually to a foreign Govern-
ment for tin- right of transit across the Isthmus.
You will then have no inter-oceanic communica-
tion with the States upon the Pacific, and will be
dependent entirely upon the mercy or courtesy of
a fore'gn Power for the enjoyment of that right.
Now, sir, let us look at the facts of the case.
Last year, the legality and validity of tiie consti-
tutional power of this Government to establish
eoal depots at Chiriqui was never disputed. The
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] sug-
gested that there was no sufficient evidence of the
existence of coal on the Isthmus of Chinqui. That
was the point made against the distinguished chair-
man of the Committee on Naval Affairs last year,
when he advised the approval of this contract, as
recommended by the Secretary of the Navy. In
order to meet this objection, and to remove this
obstacle, an expedition was sent out under Cap-
tain Engle, with instructions to examine the har-
bors , and to examine the soil in respect to the ex-
istence of coal there. You have the report of the
officers of that expedition before you. In regard
to the harbors, they say they are sufficiently large
for the navies of the world to ride upon. You have
also the geological report, with specimens of coal
that have been excavated, showing that it exists
there in inexhaustible quantities. You have the
report of the expedition, and their surveys in re-
spect to the practicability of the route for the con-
struction ofurailroad. And now comes up, after
the explosion of the above statements, the ques-
tion, or the new dodge, in icgard to the legal title
of Ambrose W. Thompson and the Chinqui Im-
provement Company to the right of way for a
railroad across the Isthmus of Chiriqui. Mr.
Chairman,! have ever been taught to respect the
opinions of those who are older and have had a
latter experience than myself.
The gentleman from Missouri may be well
known as a good lawyer; if so, his reputation as
such was never known to me; but, sir, I think
that he is more distinguished as a politician.
However that may be, the fact is that the weight
of authority and of argument on this subject is
against him; and I must believe that the evidence,
authority, and arguments, spread out in our pub-
lic documents, are to be taken as superioi to any
dictum that he may throw out.
Who, sir, are the parties upon whom we rely,
and who report the immense importance of this
acquisition by the Government-5 They are our
own officers, who have acted solely m the line of
their duty. The Secretary of the Navy has rec-
ommended this purchase, and the Attorney Gen-
eral has examined all the title deeds, and has
passed his judgment that they are complete and
proper in form. The Senate of the United States
have sent this amendment to this House byavote
of 36 to 5. A distinguished gentleman of that
body, whose legal ability is unquestioned and un-
questionable—Hon. Mr. Fessekdex, of Maine—
is satisfied in regard to these title deeds. Mr.
Clark, of New Hampshire, another distinguished
member of that body, who opposed this question
at the last session of Congress, has since exam-
ined it, and is now m favor of carrying out the
contract of the Secretary of the Navy. And again:
one of the most astute members of the Senate, the
chairman of the Committee on Finance, who has
been the watchful guardian of the Treasury, and
never was known to recommend or vote a dollar
which would not be forthe benefitofhis country—
T allude to Senator Hunter, of Virginia—1ms
warmly advocated this Chinqui purchase. There-
fore, when upon the one side are these Senators,
the Attorney General, the Secretary of the Navy,
and the commission of the Government, and upon
the other merely the gentleman from Missouri, I
must be pardoned for prefening to follow the
former than to follow the meru ipse dixit of the
member from Missouri.
Now, Mr. Chairman, I will briefly sum up.
If these parties have the title to the land between
the Chiriqui lagoon and the City of David, as
they allege they have, I presume there is intelli-
gence enough in the Department to sec that every-
thing is gained by the Government stipulated by
the terms of the contract. 1 have no doubt that
it will be seen to that these parties have the power
lo eonfei the ptivileges they promise before the
final arrangements are made, and tins $300,000
paid over. It is a well-known rule of law, that
whenever a party to a contract fails to fulfill its stip-
ulations, then the contract becomes null and void.
In all contracts there must necessarily be a quid
pro quo; and therefore this Government is not
going to be drawn into a bargain where it gains
nothing for the money that is proposed to be ap-
propriated.
Everything, sir, has been done by the action of
Congress, so far as this matter lias proceeded.
The reports which have been laid before us in
favor of the contract are those of our own officers.
Will this House repudiate the expedition which
it sanctioned? Look at the saving, too, in respect
of the supplies of coal for our Navy on the Pacific. ,
This Government is now paying this infamous
Panama railway monopoly fifty cents per ton a
month for the privilege of storing its coal upon :
ene of the little islands belonging to that company
in the bay of Panama, in order that our vessels
may take in their supplies; and that, too, after
the enormous charges for transportation.
It is said that this will injure Pennsylvania. I
say that it will not. And let me say to the Rep-
resentatives of the New England Slates, of the mid-
die States, of the western States, and of the south-
ern States, that their people are directly interested;
ior, sir, the tariff fixed by the Panama Railroad
Company for transportation amounts almost to
a prohibition. Those engaged in trade, express
companies—everybody, indeed, who wishes to
send packages between the Pacific and the Atlan-
tic States—are interested in helping a competi-
tion to this oppressive Panama monopoly. What
is $j00,000, when we consider that we are now
paying fourteen dollars a ton on this side and
twenty dollars on the other, and that by appro-
priating it for this purpose by which the Govern-
ment will save at least $130,000 a year? If you
open these coal mines in the Chiriqui Isthmus, in
less than two years every dollar now appropri-
ated will be returned to the Government; and in
n few years Government will be repaid tenfold
for the present expenditure. I trust that the
House will concur in the Senate amendment.
Mr. PORTER obtained the floor.
Mr. HOLMAN. With the permission of my
colleague, I will give notice of my intention to
offer the following amendment:
Nor until the Republic of Costa Rica shall have confirmed
to tiie United States the lights of property and franchises,
which the srnrt Aminos W. Thompson, and the said Chi-
nqui improvement Company have, by their contiact with
the Sccietaryof the Navv, conditionally transferred and
pioposed to secure to the United States.
Mr. PORTER. Mr. Chairman, I could not
have been tempted to engage in the present dis-
cussion, but should have sat here silently and
voted against the pending Senate amendment,
were it not that the bankrupt condition of the
Treasury and the civil commotions with which
wc are threatened, admonish us that we ought
not to engage in any expenditures which are not
urgently and immediately required by the wants
of the Government.
The gentleman from California, [Mr. Scott,]
in the earnest remarks which he has just made,
has endeavored to persuade the House that the
question to be decided by voting for or against
the Senate amendment is, whether we will sup-
port and encourage the present monopoly of the
Panama Railroad Company or destroy that mo-
nopoly by granting moderate aid to a rival enter-
prise. If the appropriation sought would, if
made, really accomplish the latter object, there
would be little opposition to it in this House.
But, sir, that is not the question. The question
is, whether, if it shall be made, we shall receive
jj any equivalent whatever? Sir, it seems to me to
,j be demonstrable, that the Chiriqui company and
i" Mr. Thompson have no right to construct a rail-
road from the Chiriqui lagoon to the ^ulf of Gol-
>l fito, nor across the province of Chinqui, at all.
!. Nor have they even a right to construct a mac-
I1 adamized road across that piovince. The grant
i; from the Government of New Granada to the
.. Panama Railroad Company to construct their
|; railroad across the Isthmus of Panama confers
ji upon that company, in express terms, " the ex-
!j elusive privilege ofestablishmg a railroad between
|| the two oceans, act oss the Isthmus of Panama;"
' and further provides that, during the ninety-nine
i years of exclusive privilege thus conceded to that
| company for the establishment of railroads fiom
| one ocean to the other, the Government shall
: neither itself make, nor grant to any other com-
i pany whatever, under any title, the power to es-
| tabhsh another iron railroad or macadamized road,
: serving as a means of communication between the
two oceans, across the Isthmus of Panama. The
; Isthmus of Panama embraces not only the pro-
' posed route of this projected Chiriqui railroad,
; but the whole province of Chiriqui. If gentlemen
i will refer to our treaty with New Granada, made
' after the grant to the Panama Railroad Company,
I (9 United States Statutes at Large, p. 897,) they
I will see that the Isthmus of Panama is expressly
I recognized as extending to the southern bound-
■ ary of Costa Rica, winch is also the northern
boundary of the province of Chiriqui.
Sir, our approved geographies show the same
; thing. New Granada is divided into four cantons
; and thirty-six provinces. One of these cantons
i is denominated the "Isthmus"—that is,thelsth-
