720
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
' February 4.
have also a petition of citizens of Indiana, praying
for the adoption of the resolutions offered by my-
self. I also present a petition to the same pur-
pose and efifectfrom citizens of Michigan. Imove
that nil these petitions lie on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
MINT AT NEW ORLEANS.
Mr. WILSON". I submit the following reso-
lution; and ask for its consideration at this time:
Resolved, That the President he, and he is hereby, re-
quested to communicate to this body whether, in t,!;e .State
of Louisiana, any person or persons have unlawfully seised
any of tlie forts, arsenals, arms, or munitions of war, be-
longing to the United States, or other propeity of the United
-States; and especially whether the mint of the United
'States at New Orleans has been taken possession of unlaw-
fully by any personsffctod whether any potuon of the money
of the United States atNew Orleans, and how much thereof,
has been unlawfully appropriated by any person or persons,
and by whom and when.
Mr. BIGLER objected to the consideration of
the resolution; and it lies over under the rule.
COLLECTION OF DUTIES.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Committee on Fi-
nance, to whom was referred the bill (S. No. 545)
in relation to the collection of duties on imports
and for other purposes, have instructed me to re-
port it back with two amendments—trifling verbal
amendments—with the recommendation that it
pass; and I move that it be considered at this
time.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Maine reports the bill (S. No. 545) in relation to
the collection of duties on imports, and for other
• purposes, from the Committee on Finance, and
asks for Us consideration at this time.
Mr. HEMPHILL. I object to that altogether,
as I intend to offer amendments to the bill, which
I wish to have printed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If objection be
made, it will lie over.
Mr. HUNTER. I object.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Does a single objection
carry it over?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill being re-
ported to-day, it must lie over one day, if there
be objection to its present consideration.
Mr. BRIGHT. I wish to make an explanation
in connection with the biil justreportcd. I under-
stood the Senator from Maine to state that the
committee recommended the passage of the bill.
I do not know whether that stands upon my vote.
I consented, so far as I was concerned, that the
bill should he reported, leaving the question open
as to whether I would favor its passage or not.
If a majority of the committee is made dependent
on my Vote, then t do not favor the recommend-
ation as from the committee.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I can only say thofel dis-
tinctly put the question to the chairman whether
I wusAuthorizca to report the bill with the recom-
mendation that it pass, and he informed me that
1 might do so. I do not know whether it was on
the vote oftlie Senatorfrom Indiana, orsomebody
else.
MESSAGE FROM TUB HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Hats, Chief Clerk, announced that the
House had passed the following bill and joint
resolution, in which the concurrence of the Sen-
ate was requested: j
A bill (No. 925) granting an invalid pension j
to Larkin Tally, of Tennessee; and j
A joint resolution (No. 70) to quiet titles to 1
lands in the State of Iowa.
COUNTING OF ELECTORAL TOTICS.
The message further announced that the H^rnse
had ugiecd to the resolution of the Senate to ap-
point a committee to join such committee as may
be appointed by the House of Representatives, to
ascertain and report a mode for examining the
votes for President and Vice President of the Uni-
ted States, and notifying the persons chosen of
their election; and had appointed Mr. Ellihu B.
Washbitrne of Illinois, Mr. Garnett B. Adf.ain
of New Jersey, Mr. James Craig of Missouri,
Mr. Alfred Ely of New York, and Mr. Wil-
liam C. Anderson of Kentucky, the committee
ou the part of the House.
ADMISSION TO THE FLOOR.
Mr. FOSTER. I ask that the resolution I
offered the other clay in regard to the admission
of Governors and ex-Governors to the floor of
v7
ite of Lot
the Senate may be taken up. If it induces de-
bate, 1 shall not ask to have it considered; but I
do not think it will.
Mr. SLIDELL. Mr. President, I desire, on
the part of my colleague and myself, to occupy
the attention of the Senate for a very short time,
on a matter that is personal to us.
Mr. FOSTER. Will the Senator from Louis-
iana give way for a moment, that the resolution
which I called up may be actcd on ? If it leads
to debate, I shall not ask that it be considered;
bat I think it will not. I shall be obliged to him
if he will give way.
The Secretary read the resolution submitted by
Mr. Foster,'on the 29th of January, as follows:
Resolved, That in addition to those now entitled to that
privilege, Governors and ex-Governors of Suues be admit-
ted to the iloor of the Senate.
Mr. SLIDELL. I hope the Senator from Con-
necticut will not press the consideration of that
resolution now.
Mr. FOSTER. I will not, if it is to load to
debate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
withdraw his motion to take up the resolution ?
Mr. FOSTER. If objection is made to it, I do.
WITHDRAWAL OF SENATORS.
Mr. SLIDELL. I send* to the Secretary a
paper, which 1 desire to have read. J
The Secretary read, as follows:
Jin Ordinance to dissolve theunion betweenthe Statedf Lou-
isiana and other States united with her, under the cq mpact
entitled " The Constitution of the United Statesof Jlmcr-
ica."
We, the people of the State of Louisiana, in convention
assembled, do declare and oidain,and it is hereby declared
and oidamed, that the ordinance passed by us m convention
on the -22d day of November, in the year 1811, whereby the
Constitution of the United States of America, and the
amendments of said Constitution, were adopted, and all
laws and ordinances by winch the State of Louisiana be-
came a nicmbci of the Federal Union, be, and the same are
hetebv, icpealed and abrogated; and that theunion now
snb i>tinir between Louis-iana and othei States., under tiie
name ot the " United Stutcs of America," is heieby dis-
solved.
We do ftnther dechuo and oulain, that the State of Lou-
isiana heieb} resumes, all uirht^ and power* heietuiuic del-
gated to the Government ot the United States ot America ;
that hei citizen-, aie ab-olved horn all allowance to *aid
Government; and that she is in tail posies-ion and exer-
cise 01 all those lights of sovcicounty which appei tain to a
1'iee and independent State.
We do turtlierdeclareand ordain, thatall nchtsaequited
and vested undo the Constitution of the United States-, or
any act of Concurs, or tieaty, m under any law of this
State and not incompatible with tin.-. oidmance, shall le-
main in force and have the same effect as it this oidmance
had not been passed.
The undesigned heieby certifies that the above oidi-
nanccis a tine copy of the ou«uial oidtnance adopted tins
day by the convention ot the State ol Louisiana.
Given undet my hand and the gieat seal of Louisiana, at
Baton Rouge this"'25th day of the "month of January, m the
yearot our Loid, 1801.
[t  *>.] A. 3MOUTON,
President of the Convention.
J. Thomas Wheat, Secrctai-y of the Convention.
Mr. SLIDELL. Mr. President, the document
which the Secretary has just read, and which
places on the files of the Senate official informa-
tion that Louisiana has ceased to be a component
part of these once United States, terminates the
connection of my colleague and myself with this
body. The occasion, however, justifies, ifU does
not call for, some parting words to those whom
we leave behind, some forever, others we trust to
meet again and to participate with them m the
noble task of constructing and'defending a new
confederacy; which, if it may want at first the
grand proportions and vast rosouices of the old,
will still possess the essential elements of great-
ness, a people bold, hardy, homogeneous in in-
terests and sentiments, a fertile soil, an extensive
territory, the capacity and the will to govern them-
selves through the forms and in the spirit of the
Constitution under which they have been born
and educated. Besides all these, they have an
advantage which no other people seeking to change
the Government under which they had before
lived have ever enjoyed; they have to pass through
no intervening period of anarchy; they have in
their several State governments, already shaped
to their hands, everything necessary for the pres-
ervation of order, the administration of justice,
and the protection of their soil and their property
from foreign or domestic violence. They can con-
sult with calmness and act with deliberation on
every subject, cither of immediate interest or
future policy.
But, if we do not greatly mistake the prevailing
sentiment of the southern mind, no attempt will
be made to improve the Constitution: we shall
take it such as it is; such as has been found suf-
ficient for our security and happiness, so long as
its true intent and spirit lived in the hearts of a
majority of the people of the free States, and con-
trolled the action not only of the Federal but of
the State Legislatures. We will adopt all laws not
locally inapplicable or incompatible with our new
relations; we will recognize the obligations of
all existing treaties—those respecting the African
slave trade included. We shall be prepared to as-
sume our just proportion of the national debt: to
account for the cost of all the forts and other prop-
erty of the United States, which we have been com-
pelled to seize in self-defense, if it should appear
that our share of such expenditure has been greater
than in other sections; and above all, we shall, as
well from the dictates of natural justice and the
piinciples of international law as of political and
geographical affinities and of mutual pecuniary in*
terests, recognize the nghtof the inhabitamsof the
valley of the Mississippi and its tributaries to its
free navigation; we will guaranty to them a free in-
terchange of ail agricultural productions without
impost, tax duty, or toll of any kind; the free tran-
sit fi om foreign countries of every species of mer-
chandise, subject only to such regulations as may
be absolutely necessary for the protection of any
revenue system we may establish, and for pur-
poses of police.
As for such States of the Union as may not
choose to unite their destinies with ours, we shall
consider them, as we shall all other foreign na-
tions, " enemies in war, in peace friends." We
wish and we hope to part with them amicably;
and, so far as depends on us, they shall have no
provocation to pursue a hostile course; but in this
regard we, from the necessities of the case, can
only be passive; it will be for the people of the
non-slaveholding States to decide this momentous
question. This declaration, however, requires
some qualification. Could the issue be fairly pre-
sented to the people of those States, we should
have little doubt of a peaceful separation, with
the possibility of a complete, and the probability
of a partial, reconstruction on a basis satisfactory
to us and honorable to them; but, with the pres-
ent representations in either branch of Congress,
we see nothing to justify our indulging any such
expectation. We must be prepared to resist co-
ercion, whether attempted by avowed enemies, or
by a hand heretofore supposed friendly, by open
war, or under the more insidious,and, therefore,
more dangerous pretext of enforcing the laws,
protecting public property, or collecting the rev-
enue. We shall not cavil about words, or discuss
legal and technical distinctions; we shall consider
the one as equivalent to the other, and shall be
prepared to act accordingly. Utroque arbitrioparalL
You will find us ready to meet you with the out-
stretched hand of fellowship, or in the mailed pan-
oply of war, as you may will it; elect between
these alternatives.
We have no idea that you will even attempt to
invade our soil with your armies; but we acknowl-
edge your superiority on the sea, at present, in
some degree accidental, but in the main, natural,
and permanent, until we shall have acquired better
pons foi our nuiiine. You may, if you will it,
persist in considering us bound to you during
your good pleasure; you may deny the sacred and
indefeasible right, we will not say of secession,
but of revolution—ay, of rebellion, if you choose
so to call our action—the right of every people to
establish for itself that form of government which
it may, even in its fpliy, if such you deem it, con-
sider best calculated to secure its safety and pro-
mote its welfare. You may ignore the principles
of our immortal Declaration of Independence: you
may attempt to reduce us to subjection, or you
may, under color of enforcing your laws or col-
lecting your revenue, blockade our ports. Tins
will be war, and we shall meet it, with different
but equally efficient weapons. \Ve will not per-
mit the consumption or introduction of any of
yourmanufactures;every sea will swarm with our
volunteer militia of the ocean, with the striped
bunting floating over their heads, for we do not
mean to give up that flag v, iihout a bloody strug-
gle, it is ours as much as yours; and alrhongh for
a time more stars may bhine on your bunn-T. o^r
childien, if not we, will rally under a com-tella-
