1861.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
36th Cong....2d Sess.
State of the Union—Mr. StoTces.
Ho. of Reps.
old follow who had repeatedly been stalled in the
calaboose. I asked him to support Mr. Bell. Said
he, " 1 like Mr. Bell very well, and I like the Con-
stitution and the Union very well, but damn the
enforcementofthelaws." [Laughter.] Mr.Yan-
cey and these seceders, who met at Richmond and
nominated John C. Breckinridge, declared their
purpose to be to rule the country according to
their theories, or to break up this Government;
and when any one suggested the idea that the sup-
porters of Breckinridge were disunionists, they
indignantly denied it. They declared that every
insinuation of that kind was a libel upon Mr.
Breckinridge and the Democratic party.
I proclaimed it everywhere, during last year,
that if Abraham Lincoln was elected, the disu-
nionists intended to make an effort to overthrow
the Government. I had frequently heard them
say so upon this floor during the last session of
Congress. I proved by their own words that such
was their ultimate design, and that, in the event
of the election of a Republican President, such
would be the result. Yet they denied it before
the people. They declared that no such criminal
intention or scheme existed. Had the honest peo-
ple of Tennessee understood that such was the in-
tention of these Democrats and disunionists in the
event of the election of Lincoln; had it been so
understood everywhere in the South, Breckinridge
would have been beaten—overwhelmingly defeat-
ed—in States and communities where he was most
earnestly supported. He would have been defeated
overwhelmingly by the Union-loving masses of
the country everywhere. But it was denied by
his supporters; they denounced the charge as an
infamous slander. But history proves that we
were not mistaken. Everywhere around us we
meet the evidences of a deep-laid conspiracy, hav-
ing for its unholy object the destruction of the
best Government which has ever been vouchsafed
to man.
Why, Mr. Speaker, there are a number of dis-
union Democrats in my section of country who
have taken upon themselves a sort of paternal
care and supervision of the rights of the South.
They have established a standard by which they
test our sectional loyalty, and that standard re-
quires us to come out and denounce the Repub-
lican party as guilty of lying, treason,and every
other crime known to the criminal code; and if
we do not, we are submissionists and Abolition-
ists. I shall be charged, no doubt, when the re-
marks I am now submitting to the House are
published, with being a submissionist. But the
men who make these charges are not generally
those who own slave property, which they have
purchased by labor and industry. No,sir; they
are, as a general rule, those who own neither
slaves nor anything else, and who never will own
anything, for they have nothing now, and are too
lazy to work for anything. [Laughter.] Yet
theyassume to supervise the interestsoftheslave-
holders, and to take care of their property, But,
sir, there is another class of people in my State,
composed of honest, hard-working men. The
fanners, the mechanics, the merchants, and pro-
fessional men, who are loyal to the Constitution
and the Union, and who are now moving Heaven
and earth to arrest the tide of disunion, and, if
possible, to save this conn try from destruction, and
this Government from final overthrow. Nor will
I omit the old soldiers, who are pensioners upon
your bounty, and whose means of subsistence
depends upon the preservation of that Govern-
ment which owes its existence to their valor. They
are now at work in the border States, working
with a will and energy such as have never been dis-
played by them; with a will and resolution known
only to those whofeel that their liberties and their
country are involved. They love their country
for its blessings; they love this Government be-
cause it has protected them, and they will not be
driven from its protecting flag at the bidding of
disunion. And I should be untrue to myself and
to them if I were not to raise my voice with theirs
against this wicked scheme of my country's en-
emies.
Mr. HINDMAN made a remark which was
not heard by the reporter.
Mr. STOKES. 1 cannot yield. I say we are
straining every nerve to beat back the tide of
secession and disunion in the border States; and
while I have faith in the good sense of the peo-
ple, I shall not permit myself for a moment to
despair.
I understand that the most earnest and patri
otic efforts are being made in seven, at least, of
the slaveholding States, and I will not, as I said,
doubt the result. I can except Arkansas, if the
gentleman wishes me to do so.
Mr. HINDMAN again made a remark which
the reporter did not understand.
Mr. STOKES. Kentucky and Tennessee are
closely linked together by affection and interest.
Whatever misfortune falls upon Kentucky, falls
also upon Tennessee. We are, then, struggling
together, and our joint efforts will be directed to
doing all we can to hold this Union together, and
finally to rescue our whole country from the perils
which environ it.
Mr. Speaker, I speak what I am saying because
it is my duty. I speak, as I said, for the farmer,
for the old soldier; I speak for the mechanic, and
for the child of toil; 1 speak, also, for my wife
and my children; I speak no less for my slaves,
when I plead for the preservation of my country;
for its destruction will involve all finally in one
common ruin.
Gentlemen, I implore you, in the name of
Heaven, to come to the rescue of our country.
Forget your party prejudices while you do some-
thing that will strengthen the hands of the Union-
loving men everywhere—something which, with-
out injustice to any one, will enable us to beat
back the armies of disunion, and to reunite the
bonds which have so long held us together a happy
and united people. For I believe that nothing less
than the preservation of the Union can avert the
ultimate horrors of a civil war, and the consequent
destruction of all that is most dear to those who
have homes and families to cherish and defend.
Mr. Speaker, it has been sometimes said that I
am not a friend to the South. Why? I suppose
it is because I will not agree to go with South
Carolina in her mad career of destruction. Sir,
I have spoken here to-day because I feel that I
love my native South. I love the land of inybirth,
and the abode of my kindred. I love my people;
and, in my judgment, the only way to preserve
and protect their property, and to preserve the
peace and happiness of all, is to keep this Union
together, and live united like brethren.
Whenever you dissolve the Union, you bring,
as a necessary result, the Canada line down to
our borders, and you thereby increase the facili-
ties for the escape of our slaves. And when they
reach an independent, and perhaps a hostile coun-
try, how will you reclaim them? With the dis-
tance that there is now intervening, they some-
times escape, and they will continue to do so in
all coming time. But, sir, I repeat, that when
you dissolve the Union, you establish a hostile
border three thousand miles in length, touching
the boundaries of Maryland, of Virginia, of Ken-
tucky, of Delaware, of Missouri, and even of
Texas.
But, again: I say to the southern people, that
we now have millions of friends at the North who
are loyal to the Constitution and the laws, and
who have, through weal and through woe, stood
up for our rights—friends outside the Republican
party, and friends within that party; friends who
are willing to live up to the requirements of the
Constitution, and who, if we will be but patient,
can and will effectually aid us in securing all our
just rightsand reasonable demands. Then, I want
my constituents to know, that when they breakup
this Government, they not only aggravate every
real or imaginary grievance, but we are necessa-
rily alienated and estranged from our friends and
kindred in the North, who are willing now and at
all times, if needs be, to rush to our defense; but
we shall have then made them our enemies. I im-
plore gentlemen, then, to heal and harmonize these
difficulties now, while we may, while weare here
together as friends and as brothers, and while each
and all of us have still an interest in this glorious
Union. If we cannot do it now, tell me how it can
be done after the Government shall have been de-
stroyed, when we are without the Constitution
and without that unity of interestand feeling which
still make us one people ?
Sir, I have no hesitation in saying that if the
Union of these States is to be finally destroyed,
because of the existence of African slavery, it will ,
sooner or later result in the final destruction of
slavery. I repeat, it will result in abolishing it
finally and forever.
I do not for a moment doubt that the personal
Ifberty laws will be repealed, or properly mod-
ified, within a few months—at all events, so
soon as the people shall pass their judgment at
the polls. I see that Rhode Island has taken the
lead, and already repealed hers, and that steps
have been taken in other States to accomplish a
like result. It affords me pleasure to state that
the Republican and Democratic parties in the free
States are ready and willing so to amend the Con-
stitution as to render it impossible for any one
to believe that the people of the North desire to
interfere with slavery in the States. This will
do much good, and will greatly tend to the res-
toration of peace between the sections.
The Constitution declares that you shall sur-
render such persons as have escaped from service
or labor from one State into another. We can
alter and change the present fugitive slave law so
as to make it, if possible, more effective, and at
the same time to render it less offensive to the
people of the free States.
We are told in the South that it is the intention
of the Republican party to abolish slavery in the
States where it now exists, and that therefore pro-
tection to our property, to our families, requires
us to resist that party to the extent of overthrow-
ing the Government! Our people are made to
believe this charge. You can allay that fear, you
can remedy this cause of complaint, without the
sacrifice of principle or consistency. You have
it now in your power to do it, and I appeal to you
with the utmost confidence to give us an amend-
ment to the Constitution to meet this cause of
complaint. You declare the complaintunfounded,
and insist that the Constitution is sufficient as it
is. Then justice to yourselves requires that you
should not hesitate in giving us this amendment,
which we all admit is only rendering the present
Constitution more specific and plain. By so doing
you will put this branch of the controversy for-
ever at rest. Do this, and adjust the territorial
question, and you will not only restore peace to
the country, but you will, as was said by my
friend from North Carolina, [Mr. Gilmer,] fur-
nish a political winding-sheet for disunionists,
fanatics, and traitors, North and South.
There are various ways of adjustingthe vexed,
yet abstract, question of slavery in theTerritories.
It matters but little how it is settled so far as the
extension of slavery is concerned. Yet the prin-
ciple involved has been the cause of much of our
present trouble. I have always believed that it
mattered not so much how you settled the ques-
tion if you would adhere to the adjustment after
it was made.
My honorable friend from North Carolina [Mr.
Gilmer] gave you a few days ago an illustration
of this territorial question, which, for fairness,
was, in my judgment, unanswerable. Suppose,
said he, there was on the one side of a certain line
eighteen farmers, and on the other side fifteen,
and not having land sufficient to carry on their
farming operations, they should purchase another
tract of land with their common money; would it
be right for either party in such case to deny par-
ticipation in the cultivation of that land to the
other? Certainly not. Why not, then,since the
Territories of the United States belong alike to the
people of the North and the people of the South,
grant that there shall be a line run like that of the
Missouri compromise of 36° 30' north latitude—
such a plan as is proposed in the original Crit-
tenden resolutions? I speak particularly of the
Crittenden resolutions, because they have appa-
rently aroused more public attention than any
other pending plan of adjustment. They have
been read and considered by the people, North,
South, East, and West. The general impression
seems to be that they will satisfy reasonable men
everywhere. I can vouch for the fact that this
plan will satisfy the border States, Tennessee and
North Carolina, in which the decisive battle for the
Union is now being fought. Whynot, then, adopt
this plan of settlement ?
