THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. BIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Sixth Congress, 2d Session.
TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 5, 1861.
New Series No. 46'.
tion more numerous and more resplendent than
yours. You may smile at this as an impotent
boast, at least for the present, if not for the future;
but if we need ships and men for privateering, we
shall be amply supplied from the same sources as
now almost exclusively furnish the means for car-
rying on, with such unexampled vigor, the Afri-
can slave trade—New York and New England.
Your mercantile marine must either sail under
foreign flags or rot at your wharves.
But, pretermitting these remedies, we will pass
to another equally efficacious. Every civilized
nation now is governed in its foreign relations by
the rule of recognizing Governments " de facto."
You alone invoke the doctrine of the " de jure,"
or divine right of lording it over an unwilling peo-
ple strong enough to maintain their power within
their own limits. How long, think you, will the
great naval Powers of Europe permit you to im-
pede their free intercourse with their best cus-
tomers fortheirvariousfabrics,andtostop the sup-
plies of the great staple which is the most important
basis of their manufacturing industry, by a mere
paper blockade? You were, with all the wealth
and resources of this once great Confederacy, but
a fourth or fifth rate naval Power, with capacities,
it is true, for large, and in a just quarrel, almost
indefinite, expansion. What will you be when
not merely emasculated by the withdrawal of fif-
teen States, but warred upon by them with active
and inveterate hostility?
But enough, perhaps somewhat too much of
this. We desire not to speak to you in terms of
bravado or menace. Let us treat each other as men,
who, determined to break off unpleasant, incom-
patible, and unprofitable relations, cease to bandy
words, and mutually leave each other to determ-
ine whether their ditferences shall be decided by
blows or by the code which some of us still rec-
ognize as that of honor. We shall do with you
as the French guards did with the English at the
battle of Fontenoy. In a preliminary skirmish,
the French and English guards met face to face;
the English guards courteously saluted their ad-
versaries by taking off their hats; the French re-
turned the salute with equal courtesy. Lord Hay,
of the English guards, cried out, in a loud voice:
" Gentlemen of the French guards,fire." Count
D'Auteroche replied in the same tone: "Gentle-
men, we never fire first." The English took them
at their word, and did fire first. Being at close
quarters, the effect was very destructive, and the
French were, for a time, thrown into some dis-
order; but the fortunes of the day were soon re-
stored bv the skill and courage of Marshal Saxe,
and the English, under the Duke of Cumberland,
suffered one of the most disastrous defeats which
their military annals record. Gentlemen, we will
not fire first.
We have often seen it charged that the present
movement of the southern States is merely the
consummation of a fixed purpose, long enter-
tained by a few intriguers for the selfish object of
personal aggrandizement. There never was a
greater error—if we were not about to part, we
should say a grosser or more atrocious calumny.
Do not deceive yourselves; this is not the work
of political managers, but of the people. As a
general rule, the instincts of the masses, and the
sagacity of those who, in private life, had larger
opportunities for observation and reflection, had
satisfied them of the necessity of separation long
before their accustomed party leaders were pre-
pared to avow it. We appeal to every southern Sen-
ator yet remaining here, whether such be not the
case in his own State. Of its truth, we can give
no stronger illustration than the vote m theLou-
sianaconvention. Of one hundred and thirty mem-
bers, every delegate being in his seat, one bun-
dled and thirteen voted for immediate secession;
and of the seventeen who voted against it, there
were not more than four or five who did not ad-
mit the necessity of separation, and only differed
as to the tune and mode of its accomplishment.
Nor is the mere -.lection, by the forms of the
Constitution, of a President distasteful to us, the
cause, as it is so often and so confidently asserted,
46
of our action. It is this: we all consider the elec-
tion of Mr Lincoln, with his well-known antece-
dents and avowed principles and purposes, by a
decided majority over all other candidates com-
bined in every non-slaveholding State on this side
of the Pacific slope, noble, gallant New Jersey
alone excepted, as conclusive evidence of the de-
termined hostility of the northern masses to our
institutions. We believe that he conscientiously
entertains the opinions which he has so often and
so explicitly declared; and that, having been
elected on the issues thus presented, he will hon-
estly endeavor to carry them into execution.
While now we have no fears of servile insur-
rection, even of a partial character, wc know that
his inauguration as President of the United States,
with our assent, would have been considered by
many of our slaves as the day of their omanci-
pation; and that the 4th of March would have
witnessed, in various quarters, outbreaks, which,
although they would have been promptly sup-
pressed, would have carried ruin and devastation
to many a southern home, and have cost the lives
of hundreds of the misguided victims of northern
negrophilism.
Senators, six States have now severed the links
that bound them to a Union to which wc were all
attached, as well by many tics of material well-
being, as by the inheritance of common glories in
the past, and the well-founded hopes of still more
brilliant destinies in the future! Twelve seats
are now vacant on this floor. The work is only
yet but begun. It requires no spirit of prophecy
to point to many, many chairs around us that will
soon, like ours, be unfilled; and if the weird sis-
ters of the great dramatic poet could here be con-
jured up, they would present to the affrighted
vision of those on the other side of the Chamber,
who have so largely contributed to " the deep
damnation of this taking off," a " glass to show
them many more." They who have so foully
murdered the Constitution and the Union will find,
when too late, like the Scottish Thane, that, "for
Banquo's issue they have filed their minds;" "they
have but placed upon their heads a fruitless crown,
and put a barren scepter in their gripe, no son of
theirs succeeding."
In taking lea\e of the Senate, while wc shall
carry with us many agreeable recollections of
intercourse, social and official, with gentlemen
who have differed vviih us on this, the great ques-
tion of the age, we would that we could, in fitting
language, express the mingled feelings of admir-
ation and regret with which we look back to our
associations on this floor with many of our north-
ern colleagues. They have, one after the other,
fallen m their heroic struggle against a blind fanat-
icism, until now but few—alas! how few—remain
to fight the battle of the Constitution. Several
even of these will terminate their official career in
one short month, and will give place to men hold-
ing opinions diametrically opposite, which have
recommended them to the suffrages of their States.
Had we remained here, the same fate would have
awaited, at the next election, the four or five last
survivors of that gallant band; but now wc shall
carry with us at least this one consoling reflec-
tion, our departure reah/.ing all then predictions
of ill to the Republic, opens a new era of triumph
for the Democratic party of the North, and will,
we firmly believe, reestablish its lost ascendency
in most of the non-slaveholding States.
Air. BENJAMIN. Mr. President, if we were
engaged m the performance of our accustomed
legislative duties, I might well rest content with
the simple statement of my concurrence in the
remarks just made by my colleague. Deeply im-
pressed, however, with the solemnity of the occa-
sion, I cannot iomam insensible to the duty of
recording, amongst the authentic reports of your
proceedings, the expression of my conviction that
the Stnto of Louisiana has judged and acted well
and wisely in this crisis of her destiny.
Sir, it has been urged, on more than one occa- '
sion, m the discussions here and elsewhere, that
Louisiana stands on an exceptional footing. It |
has been said that whatever may be the rights of j
the States that were original parties to the Con-
stitution—even granting their right to resume, for
sufficient cause, those restricted powers which
they delegated to the General Government in trust
for their own use and benefit—still Louisiana can
have no such right, because she was acquired by
purchase. Gentlemen have not hesitated to speak
of the sovereign States formed out of the territory
ceded by France as property bought with the
money of the United States, belonging to them as
purchasers; and, although they have not carried
their doctrine to its legitimate results, I must con-
clude that they also mean to assert, on the same
principle, the right of selling for a price that which
for a price was bought.
I shall not pause to comment on this repulsive
dogma of a party which asserts the right of prop-
erty in free-born white men, in order to reach its
cherished object of destroying the right of prop-
erty in slave-born black men—still less •shall I
detain the Senate in pointing out how shadowy
the distinction between the condition of the ser-
vile African and that to which the white freemen
of my State would be reduced, if it indeed be true
that they are bound to this Government by ties
that cannot be legitimately dissevered, without
the consent of that very majority which wields its
powem for their oppression. I simply deny the
fact on which the argument is founded. I deny
that the province of Louisiana, or the people of
Louisiana, were ever conveyed to the United States
for a price as property that could be bought or
sold at will. Without entering into the details of
the negotiation, the archives of our State depart-
ment show the fact to be, that although the do-
main, the public lands, and other property of
Fiance in the ceded province, were conveyed by
absolute title to the United States, the sovereignty
was not conveyed othenvise than in trust.
A hundred fold, sir, has the Government of the
United States been reimbursed by the sales of
public property, of public lands, for the price of
the acquisition; but not with the fidelity of the
honest trustee has it discharged the obligations as
regards the sovereignty)
1 have said that the Government assumed to act
as trustee or guardian of the people of the ceded
province, and covenanted to transfer to them the
sovereignty thus held m trust for their use and
benefit, as soon as they were capable of exercis-
ing it. What is the express language of the
tieaty ?
"The inhabitants of the ceded Territory shall be incor-
porated m the Union of the United States, and admitted as
suon us possible, iiccoidmg to tho principles of the Federal
Constitution, to tin* enjoyment of all the rights, advantages,
and immunities of citizens of the United States; and in the
mean time they shall he maintained and jrrolectul in the
enjoyment of their hbeityj_pr<3perty;>and the religion which
thry profess.5'
And, sir, as if to mark the true nature of the
cession in a manner too significant to admit of
misconstruction, the treaty stipulates no price;
and the sole consideration for the conveyance, as
stated on its face, is the desire to afford a strong
proof of the friendship of France for the United
States. By the terms of a separate convention
stipulating the payment of a sum of money, the
precaution is again observed of stating that the
paymentisto be made, not as a consideration or a
price or a condition precedent of the cession, but it
is carefully distinguished as being a consequence
of the cession. It was by words thus studiously
chosen, sir, that James Monroe and Thomas Jef-
ferson marked their understanding of a contract
now misconstrued as being a bargain and sale of
sovereignty over freemen. With what indignant
scorn would those staunch advocates of the in-
herent right of self-government have repudiated
the slavish doctrine now deduced from their
action !
How were the obligations of this treaty fulfilled?
That Louisiana at that date contained slaves held
as property by her people through the whole
length of the Mississippi valley—that those peo-
ple hud an unrestricted right of settlement with
their slaves under legal protection throughout the
entire ceded province—no man has ever yet had
