122
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 4,
the hardihood to deny. Here is a treaty promise
to protect that property, thatsta? property, in that
Territory, before it should become a State. That
this promise was openly violated, in the adjust-
ment forced upon the South at the time of the ad-
mission of Missouri, is matter of recorded history.
The perspicuous and unanswerabloexposition of
Mr. Justice Catron, m the opinion delivered bv him
in the Dred Scott case, will remain through all
time as an ample vindication of this assertion.
If, then, sir, the people of Louisiana had a right,
^ which Congress could not deny, of the admission
into the Union with all the rights of all the citi-
zens of the United States, it is in vain that the
partisans of the right of the majority to govern
the minority with despotic control, attempt to es-
tablish a distinction, to her prejudice, between her
rights and those of any other State. The only
distinction which really exists is this: that she can
point to a brcach of treaty stipulations expressly
guarantying her rights, as a wrong superadded to
those -which have impelled a number of her sister
States to the assertion of their independence.
The nghts of Louisiana as a sovereign State,
are those of Virginia; no more, no less. Let those
who deny her right to resume delegated powers,
successfully refute the claim of Virginia to the
same right, in spite of her expiess reservation
made and notified to her sister States when she
consented to enter the Union. And, sir, permit
me to say that, of all the causes which justify the
action of the southern States, I know none of
greater gravity and more alarming magnitude than
that now developed of the denial of the right of
secession. A pretension so monstrous as that
which perverts a restricted agency, constituted by
sovereign States for common purposes, into the
unlimited despotism of the majority, and denies
all legitimate escape from such despotism, when
powers not delegated arc usurped, convexts the
whole constitutional fabric into the secure abode
of lawless tyranny, and degradessovercign States
into provincial dependencies.
ft is said that the light of secession, if conceded,
makes of our Government a mere rope of sand;
that to assert its existence imputes to theframers
of the Constitution the foily of planting the seeds
of death m that which was designed for perpetual
existence. If this imputation were true, sir, it
would merely prove that their offspring was not
exempt from that mortality which is the common
lot of all that is not cieated by higher than hu-
man power. But it is not'so, sir. Let facts an-
swer theory. For two thirds of a century this
right has been known by many of the States to
be, at all times, within their power. Yet, up to
the present period, when its exercise has become
indispensable to a people menaced with absolute
extermination, there have been but two instances
m winch it has been even threatened seriously:
the first, when Massachusetts led the New Eng-
land Slates in i?n attempt to escape from the dan-
gers of our last war with Great Britain; the sec-
ond, when the same State proposed to secede on
account of the admission of Texas as a new State
into the Union.
Sir, in the language of our declaration of seces-
sion from Great Britain it is stated, as an estab-
lished tiuth, that " all experience has shown that
mankind are more disposed to suffer while evils
are sufferable, than to right themselves by abol-
ishing the forms to which they have been accus-
tomed." And nothing can be more obvious to
the calm and candid observer of passing events
than that the disruption of the Confederacy has
been due, in great measure, not to the existence,
but to the denial of this right. Few candid men
would refuse to admit that the Republicans of the
North would have been checked m their mad ca-
reer, had they been convinced of the existence of
this right,and the intention to assert it. The very
knowledge of its existence, by preventing occur-
rences which alone could prompt its exercise,
would have rendered it a most efficient instrument
in the preservation of the Union. But, sir, if the
fact were otherwise—if all the teachings of ex-
perience were reversed—better, far better, a rope
of sand, ay, the flimsiest gossamer that ever glis-
tened ju tiie morning dew, than chains of iron,
and shacklesof steel; better thewildestanarchy,
with the hope, the chance, of one hour's inspira-
tion of the glorious breath of freedom, than ages
of the hopeless bondage and oppression to which
our enemies would reduce us.
We are told that the laws must be enforced;
that the revenues must be collected; thatthe South
is in rebellion without cause, and that her citi-
zens are traitors.
Rebellion 1 The very word is a confession; an
avowal of tyranny, outrage, and oppression. It
is taken from the despot's code, and has no terror
for other than slavish souls. When, sir, did mil-
lions of people, as a single man, rise in organized,
deliberate, unimpassioned rebellion against jus-
tice, truth, and honor? Well did a great English-
man exclaim on a similar occasion :
" You might as well tell mc that they rebelled against the
light of heaven ; that they rejected the fruits of the earth.
Men do not war against their benefactors; they are not
mad enough to ropel the instincts of pclf-pretorvation. I
pronounce feailes&ly that no intelligent people ever rose,
oi over will rite, against a sincere, rational, and benevolent
autiionty. No people vvcie evei bom blind. Infatuation
is not a law ot human nature. When there is a revolt by
a fiee people, with the common consent of all classes of
society, there must be a criminal against whom that revolt
is aimed."
Traitors ! Treason! Ay, sir, the people of the
South imitate and glory in just such treason as
glowed in the soul of Hampden; just such treason
as leaped in living flame from the impassioned lips
of Henry; just such treason as encircles with a
sacred halo the undying name of Washington !
You will enforce the law.s. You want to know
if we have a Government; if you have any au-
thority to collect revenue; to wring tribute from
an unwilling people? Sir, humanity desponds,
and all the inspiring hopes of her progressive im-
provement vanish into empty air at the reflections
which crowd on the mind at hearing repeated,
with aggravated enormity, the sentiments against
which a Chatham launched his indignant thun-
ders nearly a century ago. The very words of
Lord North and his royal master arc repeated
here in debate, not as quotations, butas the spon-
taneous outpourings of a spirit the counterpart of
theirs.
In Lord Noi tli's speech, on the destruction of
the tea in Boston haibor, he said;
'4 Wo aio no longer to dispute between legislation and
taxation; weave now only to consider uhcther ornotwehace
any authority there. It is vi'iy cleat we have none, if we
suifer the pioperty of oui subjects to be de^tiojed. We
must punish, contiol, oi yield to them "
And thereupon he proposed to close the port of
Boston, just as the Representatives of Massachu-
setts now propose to close the port of Charleston,
in order to determine ivhethcr or not you have any
authority there. It is thus that,in 1801, Boston is
to pay her debt of gratitude to Charleston,which,
m the days of her struggle, proclaimed the gener-
ous sentiment that44 the cause of Boston was the
cause of Charleston." Who, after this, will say
that Repubhcsarcungrateful? Well,sir, the states*
men of Great Britain answered to Lord North's
appeal, "yield." The courtiers and the politi-
cians said, " punish," "control." The result is
known. History gives you the lesson. Profit
by its teachings.
So, sir, in the address sent under the royal
sign-manual to Paihament, it was invoked to
take measures "for better securing the execution
of the laws," and acquiesced in the suggestion.
Just as now, a senile Executive, under the sinis-
ter influence of insane counsels, is proposing, with
your assent, " to eecurc the better execution of the
laws," by blockading ports and turning upon the
people of the States the artillery which they pro-
vided at their own expense for their own defense,
and intrusted to you and to him for that and for
no other purpose. Nay, even in States that are
now exercising the undoubted and most precious
rights of a free people; where there is no seces-
sion; where the citizens arc assembling to hold
peaceful elections foi considering what course of
action is demanded in this dread crisis by a due
regard for their own safetyand their own liberty;
ay, even in Virginia herself, the people are to cast
their suffrages beneath the undisguised menaces
of a frowning fortress. Cannon are brought to
bear on their homes, and parricidal hands are
preparing weapons for rending the bosom of the
mother of Washington.
Sir, when Great Britain proposed to exact trib-
ute from your fathers against their will, Lord
Chatham said;
Whatever a man's own is absolutely his own; no
man has a ri?ht to take it from him without his consent.
Whoever attempts to do it, attempts an injury. Whoever j
does it, commits a lohbeiy. You have no right to tax Ainer- j
icu. I sejoice that Amenea 1ms leslsted." * * * i
* "Let the sovereign authority of tins country over the
colonies be asseitedin aa strong terms as can be devt?ed,
and be inade to extend to every point of legislation what-
ever, so that we may bind their tiade, confine their manu-
factures, and exeicUe every power, except that of taking
money out oj'their own'pocket!) without their consent,"
It was-reserved for the latter half of the nine-
teenth century, and for the Congress of a Republic
of freemen, to witness the willing abnegation of
all power, save that of exacting tribute. What
imperial Britain, with the haughtiest pretensions
of unlimited power over dependent colonies, could
not even attempt without the vehement protest of
her greatest statesmen, is to be enforced in aggra-
vated form, if you can enforce it, against independ-
ent States.
Good God ! sir, since when has the necessity
arisen of recalling to American legislators the les-
sons of freedom taught in lisping childhood by
loving mothers; that pervade the atmosphere we
have breathed from infancy; that so form part of
our very being, that in their absence we would
lose the consciousness of our own identity?
Heaven be praised that all have not forgotten
them; that when we shall have left these familiar
Halls, and when force bills, blockades, armies,
navies, and all the accustomed coercive appliances
of despots shall be proposed and advocated, voices
shall be heard from this side of the Chamber that
will make its very roof resound with the indignant
clamor of-outraged freedom. Methinks I still hear
ringing in my ears the appeal of the eloquent Rep-
resentative [Hon. George H. Pendleton, of
Ohio] whose northern home looks down on Ken-
tucky's fertile borders: " Jlrmiea, money, bloodf
cannot maintain this Union; justice, reason, peace,
may."
And now to you, Mr. President, and to my
brother Senators, on all sides of this Chamber,
I bid a respectful farewell; with many of those
from whom I have been radically separated in po-
litical sentiment, my personal iclations have been
kindly, and have inspired me with a respect and
esteem that I shall not willingly forget; with those
around me from the southern States, I part as men
part from brothers on the eve of a temporary ab-
sence, with a cordial pressure of the hand and a
smiling assurance of the speedy renewal of sweet
intercourse around the family hearth. But to you,
noble and generous friends, who, born beneath
other skies, possess hearts that beat in sympathy
with ours; to you, who, solicited and assailed by
motives the most poweiful that could appeal to
selfish natures, have nobly spurned them all; to
you who, m our behalf, have bared your breasts
to the fierce beatings of the storm, and made will-
ing sacrifice of lifers most glittering prizes in your
devotion to constitutional liberty; to you, who
have made our cause your cause, and from many
of whom I feel I part forever, what shall I, can I
say? Nought, I know and feel, is needed for my-
self; but this I will say for the people in whose
name I speak to-day: whether prosperous or ad-
verse fortunes await you, one priceless treasure is
yours—the assurance that an entire people honor
your names, and hold them m grateful and af-
fectionate memory. But with still sweeter and
more touching return shall your unselfish devo-
tion be rewarded. When, in after days, the story
of the present shall be written; when histoiy shall
have passed her stern sentence on the erring men
who have driven their unoffending brethren from
the shelter of their common home, your names
will derive fiesh luster from the contrast; and
when your children shall hear repeated the famil-
iar talc, it will be with glowing cheek and kin-
dling eye, their very souls will stand a-tiptoe as
their sires are named, and they will glory in their
lineage from men of spirit as generous and of
patriotism as high-hearted as ever illustrated or
adorned the American Senate.
MISSION OF PEACE FROM VIRGINIA.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The special order
for to-day is the message of the President of the
United States, communicating the resolutions of
Virginia. The Chair willstate, however, that the
unfinished business of the last adjournment is
the bill to provide a temporary government for
the Territory of Jefferson.
Mr. GREEN. I suggest that that territorial
bill be passed over informally, in order that the
Senator from North Carolina may proceed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair hears
no objection. The Chair will then take up the
