1861.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
36tii Cong....2d Sbss.
State of the Union—Mr. Quarles.
Ho. 01? Reps,
to remain there, and afterwards taking them from the Dis-
trict.
Art. 4. Congressman have no power to prohibit or hinder
the ttansportauon of slaves from one State to another, or to
a Territory in winch slaves are by law pel nutted to be held,
whether that tiansportation be by land, navigable rivers, or
by the sea.
Art. 5. That in addition to the provisions of the thiid
paragiaph of the second section of the fourth aiticle of the
Constitution of the United States, Congress shall have
power to piovide by law. and it shall be its duty so to pro-
vide, that the United States shall pay to the owner who
shall apply lor it the full value of his fugitive slave, in all
eases when the marshal, or other officer, whose duty it
was to arrest said fugitive, was prevented troni so doing by
violence or intimidation, or wnen after ariest said fugitive
was rescued by force, and theowncrtheicby prevented and
obstructed in the pursuit of his remedy for the recoveiy of
his fugitive slave, under the said clause of the Constitu-
tion and the laws made in pursuance thereof. Arid in all
such ca^es, when the United States shall pay for such fugi-
tive, they shall have the right, in their own name, to sue
the county, city, or town, in which vud violence, intimi-
dation. or icseue was committed, and to lecovei Ijom it,
with inteicsr and damages, the amount paid by them for
said fugitive slave. And the said county, city, or town,
after it has paid said amount to the United States, may, lor
its mdenmiiy, sue and recover ftom the wrong-doeis, or
rescuers, by whom the owner was prevented from the re-
covery of Ins fugitive slave, in like manner as the owner
himself might have sued and recovered.
Art. 6. No future amendment of the Constitution shall
affect the five preceding articles, nor the third paragraph of
the second section of the first article of the Constitution,
nor the third paragiaph of the second section of the fourth
article of said Constitution; and no amendment shall be
made to the Constitution which will authorize or give to
Congress any power to abolish or interfeie with slavery in
any of the States by who&c laws it is or may be allowed or
permitted.
The first and most important of these proposed
amendments to the Constitution establishes the
old Missouri compromise line by constitutional
amendment—the Supreme Court having decided
that it could not be done by congressional enact-
ment. Mr. Speaker, m order that we may prop-
erly understand and appreciate the present status
of the slavery question, as connected with the
Territones, it is neecssary that we shall take a
hurued glance at our territorial policy since the
formation of our Government, and see if we can
deduce from it any principles of equitable com-
promise, on winch we can all honorably and con-
sistently act, and settle our present differences.
In 1783, when our treaty of peace was made
with Great Britain, by which our independence
as a nation was secured to us, and acknowledged
by that Power, no State now free owned one acre
of' land outside of its then boundaiy as a Statu;
nor did one of them cede to the General Govern-
ment one foot of land. The States now known
as the slave States of the Union, owned an aggre-
gate territory of 638,016 square miles; and the
States known as the free States an aggregate of
territory of 1G9,GG2 square miles—the now slave
States owning 468,354 square miles more terii-
tory than the now free States; the slave Stales
owning nearly four times as much territory as
the free States.
Now, sir, let me ask my northern brother, how
the slave States disposed of this vast domain?
Did they retain it with the view of extending sla-
very into it, and, upon the idea of slavery exten-
sion , take control of the Government, to the entire
exclusion of our northern brothers ? They might
have done it. The South was then strong, and
you weak. Did they use their strength to retard
the growth of any of your material interests ? No,
sir/ But with a lavish and munificent hand they
gave you of their abundance—Virginia alone giv-
ing to you 239,558 square miles, and forever pro-
hibiting slavery in it, thereby swelling your ag-
gregate of territory from JG9,6G2 square miles to
409,220, and reducing the aggregate of slave ter-
ritory from 638501G square miles to 398.458; from
which generous cession you have since erected
the great States of Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, Mich-
igan,and Wisconsin. And yet, sir, I hear men of
my own section on this floor, as well as from the
North, declare that the whole foiee of the Govern-
ment has heretofore been wielded for the exten-
sion of the institution of slavery, and against the
North. Sir, it is grossly erroneous, and wholly
unsustained by the facts.
But I beg gentlemen of the North to follow me
yet further m the investigation of this question,
to the next partition of territory; for we have
always, until the last acquisition—that under the
treaty ofGuadaloupe Hidalgo—divided ourterri-
torial acquisitions between the JNoith and the
South. By the treaty of Paris, made on the 30th
day of April, 1803, we purchased from the Gov-
ernment of France the Louisiana territory, ex-
tending from the mouth of the Mississippi to
Vancouver's Island, and containing an area of
1,136,496 square miles; every foot of which was
slave territory, and by the terms of the purchase
made so; and our Government was pledged to
protect it. Article three of said treaty is in the
following words:
" The inhabitants of the ceded territory shall be incor-
porated in the Union of the United States, and admitted
as soon as possible, according to the principles of the Fed •
eral Constitution, to the enjoyment of all the rights, advant-
ages, and immunities of citizens of the United States;
and, in the mean time, they shall be maintained and pro-
tected in the free enjoyment of their liberty, propprty, and
the religion which they prol'ess."
No one doubts or questions, sir, that in all this
vast extent of territory, wherever settled — and
thjere were many settlements on it—slaves were
held as property; and this article of the treaty of
Paris has always been understood, both cotem-
poraneously and since, to pledge our Government
to the protection of this species of property in the
Louisiana Territory while its territorial condition
remained. But in 1820 we established the line of
36° 30' north latitude, and prohibited slavery in
all that portion of this vast empire north of that
line; which gave to the North 977,602 square
miles, retaining for the slave States only 158,894
square miles. Thus, in the partition of a terri-
tory all slave by the terms of the treaty by which
it was acquired, the South relinquished to the
North 818,708 square miles more of territory than
she retained to her own use. Can it be asserted
that this is illiberal—that this is using the power
of the Government for the aggrandizement of the
South, and to the detriment of the North? The
South might have retained all this. Nor did our
fathers think, when they confidingly yielded to
you this vast preponderance over them in the Gov-
ernment as a section, that it would ever be used
to crush the South and destroy its most cherished
institution.
But, sir, I must hurry on, for my hour is fast
expiring.
By the Florida purchase, the slave States ac-
quired a territory of 59,268 square miles; and by
the annexation of Texas, 274,350 square miles,
making a total of 333,624 square miles. By the
treaty of Gaudaloupe Hidalgo, qui* total acquisi-
tion of territory was 665,486 square miles. Of
this the North has already acquired California,
containing 188,981 squaie miles; leaving now un-
disposed of New Mexico and Utah, which con-
tain 476,505 square miles.
1 ask, sir, to recapitulate the statistics which I
have collected, fiom the report of the Commis-
sioner of the Land Office.'
Square mites.
In 17^1 the Fouth owned    638,016
Virginia ceded  239,558
Leaving the South but   398,458
Ftom the Louisiana purchase the South ac-
quired but  158,896
Florida  59,268
Texas    274,356
Present South   890,978
Total increase of the South  252,962
In 1783, the North had  169,663
Vugmia cession  239,558
Louisiana purchase  977,602
Mexican treaty  188,981
1,575,803
Total increase of the North since 1783 1,406,1-41
In the seventy-seven years which have elapsed
since our independence as a nation of the earth
was acknowledged by Great Britain, the southern
or slave States have gained, in territory, 252,962
square miles, while the North, or free States, have
gained, since the same period, 1,406,141 square
miles. The South has increased the area of slave
territory about 33 per cent., while the North has
increased the area of free territory over 1,000 per
cent. In 1,217,100 square miles of the territory
thus acquired by the North, slavery existed by
law at the time of its acquisition by our Govern-
ment, and from which it has been abolished. In
the 252,962 square nnles of territory acquired by
the South, slavery existed at the time of the ac-
quisition, and continues yet to exist. Now, sirs,
with these facts before us—and they are reliable
—how can gentlemen say that the powers of the
Federal Government have been used to foster,
protect, and extend slavery at the expense of the
free States. The statement is wholly untrue, and
cannot be sustained. Thus much I desired to say,
sir, in defense of my section, which has been
grossly misrepresented upon this subject.
The question now for our immediate action is,
howshall we disposeofthe fourhundred andseven-
ty-six thousand five hundred and five square miles
of territory embraced in the Territories of Utah
and NewMexice? I think, sir, the proposition
of the distinguished Senatorfrom Kentucky [Mr.
Crittenden] disposes of this question justly,
fairly, and honorably to both sections, and should
therefore be adopted. It protracts the time-hon-
ored Missouri compromise line through the Ter-
ritory of New Mexico; prohibiting slavery on the
north of that line and protecting it on the south
of the line, while it is a Territory; leaving the
people on each side of this line of partition the
option to have slavery or not, as they may choose,
when they form a constitution, preparatory to
admission into the Union. Does this not strike
gentlemen of the North as equitable, as reason-
able ? You of the North will by this have the
lion's share of that which remains. Bat I am an-
swered by (ho gentlemen of the Republican party
that this would be inconsistent with the platform
of their party as pronounced at Chicago last June,
and that they cannot consent to protect slavery
anywhere. I would appeal to gentlemen of that
party to sink the partisan in the patriot, to lift
their heads above the murky atmosphere of party
politics, and remember that they have a country
to serve as well as a party to obey. In every com-
promise, each party and each section must yield
some of its claims. It was in this spirit our
fathers formed our Constitution and organized our
piesent form of government.
Now, let us see what each will gain and lose
by the adoption of this amendment. You of ihc
Republican party claim that you have the con-
stitutional right, and it is your duty, to exclude
slavery from all the common Territories; and you
say so in your platform, upon which you have
elected Mr. Lincoln. This right is denied by all
parties at the South, and by many at the North;
but we are not left in doubt about it, for the Su-
preme Court of the United States has expressly
decided that a citizen may go to any Territory of
the United States and take with him his slave,
and that the General Government is bound, under
the Constitution, to protect him in liis right of
property in the slave so carried to the Territory,
as long as its territorial condition remains.
Chief Justice Taney, in the case of Died Scott
vs. Sanford, thus decides:
" Every citizen of the United States has a right to taite
with hun into tile Territory any article of property whicll
the Constitution of the United States recognizes as prop-
erty. The Constitution of the United States recognizes
slaves as property, and pledges the Federal Government to
protect it. And Congiess cannot exercise any more author-
ity over property of that description than it may, constitu-
tionally, over property of any other kind."
Thus we see that a slave owner now has the
right, under the Constitution, to go with his slave
property to any part of our common territory and
keep his slave there, and it is the duty of the Fed-
eral Government to protect him in tho right of
property in his slave so carried. Now, if the
South give up this right north of this line, in
more than half of the territory now under consid-
eration, is it too much for us of the South to ask
you of the North to agree and consent that this
principle of constitutional law, as expounded by
the highest tribunal known to our laws shall re-
main in force south of the line of partition ? We
ask for no new right south of this line; but yield
to you our right, judicially established by the court
of last resort, in more than half the territory, in
consideration that you will not abolish our consti-
tutional rights south of the line. Surely, a fair-
minded man will accede to this proposition.
But you say this territory was free when ac-
quired from Mexico. Granted. But 1 beg you
to remember that every other acquisition of terri-
tory was slave, and we have three times divided
slave territory with you. Can you not now, for
the sake of peace and quiet, and for the preset--
