1861.
message of the President; and the Senator jfrom
North Carolina is entitled to the floor.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Mr. President, afror the
very interesting occurrence which has just taken
placc, it is difficult for mc to address the Senate
as I would wish to do. It is not my purpose, to-
day, to attempt anything like an elaborate speech
upon the questions thathave been so much debated.
The whole country so thoroughly understands
them, that that is now unnecessary. I shall rather
direct my remarks to some of the practical ques-
tions which arc daily presented, for the phase of
things is constantly changing, and new issues are
continually presented. The message of the Presi-
dent is commendable in its spirit and tern per, what-
ever gentlemen may think of its specific recom-
mendations.
I have, myself, regularly voted with the honor-
able Senator from Kentucky [Mr. Crittenden]
for his proposition to compromise existing diffi-
culties; and I shall continue to vote for any meas-
ure that may improve the existing status, whether
it, in my judgment, be all that the South is entitled
to ask or nor, leaving to my constituents and other
southern States the right to determine how far it
satisfies them. But I have felt all the time, that
unless some movement came from the other side
of the Chamber, or was atleast taken up by them,
any effoit on onr part would be futile. Even
though every Democratic member should vote for
a proposition, and that should chance to be a ma-
jority, yet we could not here pass a proposition
for an amendment to the Constitution by the ne-
cessary two-thirds vote, nor carry any proposition
through the House of Representatives, much less
cause its adoption by the free States.
The whole country looked to the speech of the
honorable Senator from New York, [Mr. Sew-
ard,] made some two weeks since, in the hope that
it might present a basis for adjustment. Thouph
that speech was conciliatory in its tone, in us
practical recommendations it failed to meet, I am
sorry to say, the anticipations of the people of the
South. I understood him only to say, m substance,
that he was willing, in the first placc, to provide
that slavery never should be interfered with in the
States—a point about which no great anxiety is
feltat this time; next, that he was willing that that
provision of the Constitution which relates to the
return of fugitive slaves should be made a perma-
nent and irrepealable one; (that is a provision
which heretofore has been,in fact, very inefficient.)
But, upon the great question of the Territories, 1
understood him to say that he would be disposed
to vote for the proposition of the honorable Sen-
ator from Minnesota, [Mr. Rich,] provided there
weie a repeal of the existing organic laws, if it
were not that the proposition of that Senator,
makingarrangements for the future division of the
Stetes, was,in his judgment,unconstitutional;and
if that division did not take place, the mischief
would be greater than that under which we now
labor.
In otherwords—and I do not wish to do injus-
tice to the Senator from New York—I understood
him to state three formidable objections to that
proposition. First, requiring the repeal of the
organic laws, by which, I presume, he meant that
the New Mexican slave code should be repealed;
and even if this were done, there stood a consti-
tutional objection which he cannot get over, and
if it were modified so as to provide that these
States are to be permanent, then he holds they
will be so vast that they will bring greater mis-
chief on the country than it is already laboring
under. Upon other points, I do the Senator the
justice to say that he eulogized the Union hand-
somely, and showed'that it might be productive
of great mischief to dissolve it; and he also de-
clared that, after this eccentiic secession move-
ment had come to an end, one, two, or three years
hence, he would be disposed to see a convention
called to amend the Constitution. It struck me
that the position of the honorable Senator on the
pie^ent crisis was like that of a man who, when
a city was on fire and the flames were spreading
far and wide, instead of advising means to stop
the fire immediately, should enter into an elabor-
ate speech upon the inexpediency and mischief
of having a city burnt, and suggests that when
the heat and fury of the conflagration had come
to an end, it might be well to have an assemblage
of the people and see if there could not be made
some provision to prevent similar evils.
/THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
723
Mr. SEWARD. The honorable Senator from
North Carolina, in endeavoring to state my posi-
tions, has perhaps come as near to accuracy as
one standing in his position would be apt to under-
stand them. If he will allow me, I wish barely to
correct him in one or two points. I required the
repeal, not of the laws of New Mexico, but of all
the organic laws of all the Territories of the Uni-
ted States that were to be created into States, ac-
cording to the proposition of the Senator from
Minnesota [Mr. Rice] to organize States. I then
stated that I did not see how provision could con-
stitutionally be made at this time which would
secure a proper subdivision of two such vast
States at proper times, and that it seemed to me
the embarrassments that would resultif this were
not done would be as great as the advantages to
be derived from adopting the measure. There is
not much misunderstanding about that.
When the honorable Senator says I suggested
a national convention, he means to state the prop-
osition fairly, but gives it the effect of a proposi-
tion for a national convention one, two, or three
years after these secession movements could have
been arrested. So I understood him. What I
said was, when these erratic movements of seces-
sion or dissolution shall have been arrested one
year, two years, or three years hence; that is,
whenever arrested within one year, and suppos-
ing that the disuniomst might require more than
one, I stated two, three, just so long—meaning
justsolongas the seceding States should require,
before being ready to go into convention—as that,
I could wait in oider to have a proper consulta-
tion whether any of the States have such griev-
ances as require relief by amendments of the Con-
stitution.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Mr. President, I am very
happy to afford the honorableSenatorfiom Now
York an opportunity of making this explanation.
I did not greatly misunderstand his position,
though I may not have been felicitous in stating
it. My purpose was to call the attention of the
honorable Senator to the present emergency, with
a view of showing him that the remedy which lie
indicated would not reach the case. I greatly
fear, sir, that the Senator from New Yoik, and
gentlemen on that side of the Chamber, if they
are candid in stating then-impressions—and I do
not question their candor—altogether misunder-
stand the nature of this movement. Before speak-
ing directly to those points to which I wish to
call the attention of Senators, if they will pardon
me, 1 will endeavor to state, m as few, plain sen-
tences as I can command, what I deem it to be that
is now operating on the mind of the southern
States, and driving them into resistance.
The honorable Senatoi fiom New York, in one
of his speeches last fall in the Northwest, said
that the Government of the United States had
been, in 1820, diverted from its former course,
and thrown into a wrong direction; in other words,
that, for forty years past, it was moving upon
an improper track, and that its course was now
to be essentially changed. Well, sir, during that
time our Government has been administered by
Monroe and John Q,uincy Adams, by Jackson
and Van Buren, by Harrison mid Tyler, by Polk
and Taylor, and by Fillmore, Pcarcc, and Buch-
anan. During these forty years, therefore, ad-
ministered in that way, the honorable Senator
and those who act with him hold that the Gov-
ernment has been wrong, and they now propose
to reverse its action. Wrong m what respect?
Why, in admitting, by the act of 1820, that the
southern States were" entitled to go with their
property into a portion of the public territory.
The whole puipose, as I undeistand it, and as
the people o*f the South understand it, of this Re-
publican movement, is to pioduce a new condi-
tion of things. They say, m effect, " j'ou of the
South are not to have the influence or the privi-
leges of the Government that you heretofore had/'
It cannot be pretended that, during this period,
we have had an undue power over the Adminis-
tration; for the presidential office has been fairly
divided between the sections; and, for the last
twelve years, during, which the sectional troubles
have been aggravated, it has been entirely in the
hands of northern nn,n. I say that the whole
purport of the movement, as understood at the
South, is this: " Your institutions are not equal
to ours, and you must accept an inferior position
under the Government/' lam free to say, sir,
even if they menaced us with no practical wrong,
in my judgment, s^ch a policy would justify re-
sistance; for I knowof no nation,no community,
that ever consented to accept an inferior position
without, in the end, being ruined.
But the practical measures which these gentle-
men propose arc, in my judgment, in the highest
degree dangerous. Look, Mr. President, over
the southern country, and ask yourself what would
be the greatest injury that could be done to it ? It
would not be the establishmentof amonarchy,or
a military despotism, because we know that mon-
archies and military despotisms often afford a high
degree of security and civil liberty to those sub-
ject to them. The greatest possible injury would
be to liberate the slaves, and leave them as free
negroes in those communities. It is sometimes
said that they are worth $4,000,000,000 in money.
This, I suppose, is true; but that is only a portion
of the pecuniary loss, if we were deprived of them.
In the North, for example, if the horses and work-
ing cattle were removed, in addition to their other
property, such as vehicles and working utensils,
the lands themselves would bo rendered value-
less to a great extent; and so, in fact, if you were
to liberate the slaves of the South, so great would
be the loss that financial ruin would be inevitable.
And yet, sir, this is not the greatest evil. It is
that social destruction of our society by infusing
into it a largo free negro population that is most
dreaded. Northern gentlemen may realize the
evil, perhaps, by considering this case, which I
put to them. The negroes of the South are, in most
of the States, worth more than the lands. Sup-
pose there was a proposition now to abolish land
titles through the free States, that, if adopted,
would produce immense mischief; but,in addition,
suppose there were to be transferred to those States
a free negro population, equal to half their own,
or, as they have eighteen million people, turn
loose among them a population equal to nine mil-
lion free blacks, and that accompanied with the
destruction of the land titles and abolition of the
landed property: would not the people of those
States at once rise in rebellion against such meas-
ures?
The British newspapers seem at a loss to ac-
count for the excitement and revolution prevailing
in this country. It is very natural that they should
not understand it, because they draw their ideas
altogether from opinions expressed in the North,
which are unjust to our section, and partly, also,
fiom the condition of things prevailing in Europe.
There, revolutions do not occur except from ex-
treme physical suffering. The consequence was
that Great Britain, before our Revolution, could
not understand that our people would make a rev-
olution upon what Mr. Webster declared was a
mere preamble—a mere assertion of the right of
Great Britain to tax us; and they never did real-
ize, until the war had actually begun, that we
would fight merely to escape a contemptible tea-
tax of three cents a pound. So, seeing that the
United States is one of the most prosperous coun-
tries upon the earth, they do not seem to realize
the idea that we should go to war upon a mere
question of right, before actual suffering had be-
gun. Now, Mr. President, our slave property
exceeds the national debt of England in value,
flow long could a ministry stand that was for the
abolition of that nntional debt? Remember, too,
that the population of the British Isles is three
times as great as ours; and it would have to be
inci eased threefold to make the losses there pro-
portionately as great as those the abolition of
slavery would inflict upon us.
But again, sir, this is only a partial statement
of the case.
In England they arc very hostile to a Catholic
monarch. If there were a Catholic monarch on
the throne, it might produce a revolution. But
suppose England were united with a country like
France, greater in population; and that that coun-
try had the power to impose a Catholic monarch
on England against the wish and feeling of the
entire body of the people in the British Isles; and
that it was known that that monarch favored the
abolitionofthe national debt: does any man doubt
that the British Isles would be in a blaze of revo-
lution ? And yet, sir, that is not as strongacase
as that which is now presented to the South.
I am told, however, bygentlemen, with a great
deal of seeming plausibility, that this is a condi-
tion of things that cannot be carried out; that,
