140
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 1,
36th Cong....2d Sbss.
State of the Union—Mr. Quarles.
Ho. of Reps.
vation of our common Union, divide even free
territory with us ? But if it was free when ac-
quired, it is now slave, and we do not even ask
you to changc the condition of that portion of the
territory south of the line; but to take it as we
find it, with the laws which the people of New
Mexico have chosen to enact for themselves, for
Slavery has already been established by a law of
the Territory, which is now in full force. Is this
unreasonable ? Cannot our northern friends give
to us of the South this fair, equitable, and just
demand? If not, then I fear the days of our Repub-
lic are numbered; and the greatest, best,and freest
Government on earth will be destroyed, and for-
ever. I will ask, sir, to be permitted to read the
law of New Mexico, establishing slavery in that
Territory:
" An act to provide for the protection of property in slaves
in this Territory.
(i Beit enacted by the Legislative Assembly of the Territory
of New Mexico, That every person who shall be convicted
of the unlawful killing of a slave, or other offense upon the
person of a slave within this Territory, whether as principal
or accessory, shall suffer the same pains arid penalties as if
the party upon whose person the offense was committed had
been a free white person.
" Sec . 2. Every person who shall steal any slave with the
intent that the owner, or any one having an interest in such
slave, present or future, vested or contingent, legal or equi-
table, shall be deprived of the use or benefitof such slave,
shall, upon conviction, suffer imprisonment for a term not
more than ten nor Jess than four years, and be fined in a
sum not more than $2,000 nor less than $500. And every
person who shall, by violence, seduction, or other means,
take and carry, or entice away any &lave with the like
intent, shall be deemed and held, for every purpose what-
ever, to have stolen such slave, within the meaning of this
act. And every person who, knowing any slave to have
been stolen as aforesaid, shall aid, assist, or advise in or
about the carrying away of such slave, shall suffer the like
penalties as aie above prescribed against the person steal-
ing such slave as afoit-said.
"Sec. 3. Every person who shall carry or convey, or
willfully assist in cariymgoi conveying any ?-lave, the prop-
erty of another, with the intent or lor the purpose ot aid-
ing or enabling such slave to escape out of this Tenitory.
or within this Territory, and beyond the control or recov-
ery of his owner or master, or who shall willfully secrete or
conceal such slave from his owner or master, shall, upon
conviction thereof, suffer the same penalties as are pre-
scribed in the foregoing section of this act. And, in any
indictment preferred against any person for the violation of
any of the provisions of this act, tho property in the slave
shall be well laid, if charged to belong to any person hav-
ing an interest in such blave, whether such interest be
legal or equitable, presentor future, joint or several, vested
or contingent."
But here, sir, I am met with another objection
by gentlemen of the Republican party. They say
they never can agree to any amendment of the
Constitution which admits the right of property
in a human being—that you cannot by any law
chattelize humanity, to use a favorite expression
of the gentleman from Connecticut, [Mr. Ferry.]
Now, sir, let us go back and see what your
fathers, as well as mine, thought in regard to this
right of property in slaves. In the laws of Mas-
sachusetts, i find the following, passed in 1698:
" A law forbidding to trade or truck with any In-
dian, mulatto, or negro servant or slave, or other
known dissolute and disorderly person, of whom
there is justcauseof suspicion;and such person to
be punished by whipping for so trading. I read
from Hunt's Law of Freedom and Bondage, a book
written and published in Boston, pages 262 and
263. In 1703,samepage, Ifind"Anactrestraining
the emancipation of mulatto ur negro slaves with-
out giving security to the town that they should
not becomcchargcable." And chapter four, " An
act thatlndians, mulattoes,and negroes, shall not
be abroad at night after nine o clock." And we
find this character of legislation running through
the legislative proceedings of r.ll the northern
States, treating negro slaves, as we now do, as
property; regulating their action, and keeping a
wholesome espionage over their habits and con-
duct. Thus thought and acted your Puritan fore-
fathers on this subject.
But I now desire, sir, to call the attention of the
members on this floor from New England to a
very curious fact in their history. 1 read, sir,
from the same volume, note on pages 268 and
2G9. In May, 1643, a confederacy to be known
as the United Colonies of New England was en-
tered into at Boston by delegates from Plymouth,
Connecticut, and New Haven, and the general
court of Massachusetts; and among the articles ot
agreement, a portion of the eighth is as follows:
" It is also agreed that if any servant run away from his
master into any of these confederate jurisdictions, that, in
such case, upon certificate of one magistrate in the juris-
diction out of which the said servant fled, or upon other due
proof, the said servant shall be delivered either to his mas-
ter or to any other that pursues him, and biings such certifi-
cate or proof."
This, sir, was the first fugitive slave act adopted
on the continent of America, giving the right to
the master to reclaim his fugitive slave upon the
simple certificate of one magistrate, and enacted
by yourPuritanfathers. Did they not think there
could be property in man? And the fugitive
slave law which some States of the North now
nullify, is not half so stringent in its terms as this.
And acting upon this right, I find in 2 Hazard,
from page 57 to page 69, in 164G, a correspond-
ence between the commissioners for the United
New England Colonics, and Governor Keift, of
New Netherlands, in which the commissioners
hold the following language:
"An Indian captive, liable to public punishment, fled
from her master at Hartfoid, is enteitained in your house
at Hartford, and though required by the magistrate, is, under
the hands of your agent there, denied; and we hear &he is
either married or abused by one of your men. Such a ser-
vant is part of her master's estate, and a more considet able
part than a bca-st. Our children will not long be secure if
tliis be suffered."
To which Governor Keift said, in reply:
" So far as concerns the barbarian handmaid, although
it be appreheded by some that she is no slave, but a fiee
woman, because she was neither taken in war, nor bought
with a piiee, but was in former time placcd with mo by
her parents for education."
Now, sir, we find no such thing urged here as
that there can be no property in man; but we find
your fathers and mine holding slaves as property;
enacting laws by which thoy might be recaptured
if they should escape from one colony to another;
and actually demanded, not as a person, but in
the very language of the demand, as apart of their
master's estate. Are you more conscientious than
your Puritan fathers? It will be hard for you to
convince the civilized world of that fact. But,sir,1
find in the treaty of peace with Great Britain, in
1783, signed by Richard Oswald, John Adams,
Benjamin Franklin, John Jay, and Henry Lau-
rens, a distinct recognition of the right of property
in slaves. The seventh article of that treaty con-
cludes as follows:
t£ All prisoners on both sides shall be. set at liberty, and
his Britannic Majesty shall, with all convenient speed, and
without causing any destruction, or carrying away any ne-
gioes or other pioperty of the American inhabitants with-
draw all his armies, garrisons, and fleets from the said Uni-
ted States, and from every port, place, and haiboi, within
the same."
I would ask gentlemen of the North if Frank-
lin and Adams and Jay could admit, in the very
treaty of ourindepcndence, that the right of prop-
erty m slaves existed, in order to secure our liber-
ties, if they, their descendants, cannot now recog-
nize the same right in order to perpetuate them ? Or
have you sunk to such an unfathomable depth be-
lowthe lofty and ardent patriotism of your fathers
that you are incapable of the sacrifice? If this be
so, then indeed, sir, do I despair of the Union.
Sir, that Representative who hears me on this
floor to-day, and is not willing to yield up every
partisan feeling which he may have heretofore
entertained; who is not willing to incur political
annihilation to give peace to this distracted land,
is unfit to represent the rights of freemen. For
myself, sir, I am willing to do anything which will
not sacrifice the honor or material and vital inter-
ests of those I represent, to settle these differences.
As to any poor opinions which I may entertain, I
will yield them without a moment's hesitation.
Let us confer together, not as members of this or
that party, not as representatives of this party plat-
form or that party platform, but as Americans—
the representatives of the greatest, freest, most cul-
tivated, and intelligent people of the earth—dis-
carding all party ties and shackles, and make a
fair and honorable adjustment of this dispute be-
tween our respective sections.
I ask permission, sir, to call the attention of
gentlemen to the concluding part of the first article
of the treaty at Ghent, signed by John Adams
and others, where slaves are again solemnly rec-
ognized as property. And I again appeal to the
Representatives of New England, can you not
safely sanction what both the Adamses have done?
" Shall be restoicd without delay, and without causing
any destruction, or carrying away any of the artillery, or
other public property, originally captured in the said forts
or places, and which phall remain therein upon the ex-
change of the ratifications of this treaty, or any slaves or
other private property."
I would also call to the noticc of the House, in
this connection, an opinion of Chief Justice Par-
sons, of Massachusetts, decided in 4 Massachu-
setts Reports, (p. 127,) in the case of Winchc-
don vs. Hatfield, in which the learned judge holds
this language:
" Slavery was introduced into this country soon after its
settlement. The slave was the property of the master,
subject to his orders and to reasonable correction for mis-
behavior."
And, as the last and crowning authority upon
this point, I give an extract from the opinion of
the chief justicc of the United States, Judge
Taney. He says, in delivering the opinion of
the court in Dred Scott's case:
uNow, as we have already said in an earlier part of this
opinion, upon a different point, the ri%ht of property in a
slave is distinctly and expressly affirmed in the Constitution.
And no word can be found in the Constitution which gives
Congress a greater power over slave pioperty, or which
entitles property of that kind to less protection than piop-
erty of any oihcr description. The only power conferred is
the power coupled with the duty of guarding and protecting
the owner in his rights."
And upon these authorities I think we may
safely assume that this is not now an open ques-
tion; it has been settled in every possible way,
by solemn treaty with foreign nations, by the le-
gislation of both the colonies and the Congress,
and by the adjudication of our courts. Then,
sir, I ask why may we not at once adopt this prop-
osition as a compromise of our differences in re-
gard to the Territories? If adopted, the territory
of the whole United States would be divided very
nearly in proportion to their respective popula-
tions between the North and the South. To the
North would be given 1,795,965 square miles for
a population of nineteen million, and to the South
1,203,7! I square miles for a population of twelve
million; the partition being as follows:
Free. Sq. Miles. Slave. Sq. Miles.
Maine  35,000 Delaware  2.120
New Hampshire.... 9,200 Maryland  11,12-1
Vermont  10,212 Virginia  61,362
Massachusetts  7,800 North Carolina  50,704
Rhode Island  1,306 South Carolina  34,000
Connecticut  4,7,30 Guoigia  58,000
New York  47,000 Alabama  50,700
New Jersey  8,300 Florida 59,268
Pennsylvania 46,000 Kentucky  37,080
Ohio.....  39,904 Missouri.. G5,350
Indiana  33,809 Arkansas 52,195
Illinois 55,410 Tennessee  45,000
Michigan  56,451 Mu-M^ippi 47,156
Wisconsin  53,924 Louisiana 41,346
Iowa  55,045 Texas 274,356
Minnesota  83,591  
Oregon  95,274 890,382
California 188,981   —
832,017
Territories.
Kansas  126,283 New Mexico 256,309
Nebraska 342,438 Indian  67,020
Minnesota  81,960  
Washington 193,071 313.329
Utah 220,196 890,382
903,948
832,017
1,203.711
Total.
Population 12,000,000
Population 19,000,000
Mr. Speaker, we can never have peace between
the North and the South, in my judgment, on
this question of slavery, without a line of parti-
tion, on the north of which slavery shall be pro-
hibited, and on the south of which it shall be
allowed and sustained. Then the agitators in
both sections would be silenced; for there would bo
no debatable ground; there could be no dispute.
Our fathers seeing this radical difference of opin-
ion between the North and the South, divided
the original territory, at the close of our war of
independence, or soon thereafter, giving to the
North five States—Ohio, Indiana, Illinois,Michi-
gan, and Wisconsin—and giving to the South four
States—Kentucky,Tennessee, Alabama, and Mis-
sissippi. We have seen that they again parti-
tioned the Louisiana purchase by this very line,
in 1820, and again ran this line through Texas;
and now it is proposed to run it through to Cali-
fornia from the Rio Grande, and thus forever
settle this dispute. Neither party can say it has
conquered in this unhappy strife; for you of the
Republican party get the old Missouri line reaf-
