1801.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
725
would impel the country into civil war; but I am
free to say, that if a war begins down in the South,
it ts as likely to come up here as to any other point
that 1 know of. It cannot be confined to Charles-
ton harbor-, it cannot beconfined to Pensacola; but
when it begins there, it will find its way perhaps
to this very city.
Gentlemen will sec that, with these two thou-
sand miics of frontier, it is practicable to have
war, and it would certainly occur, a regular old-
fashioned war, if the present line of policy be con-
tinued. There can be no doubt about it. It is so
clear to any gentleman who reflects, that I do not
think itnecessaiy to enlarge upon it.
Out it is sometimes said that, if a war begins,
the North, being the mote powerful of the two
sections, will certainly be able to overrun the
South. Mr. President, there aie a million and a
half of men in the slaveholdmg States capable of
bearing arms; and it is generally supposed that
a country can maintain permanently m the field
one sixth of its able-bodied men. That calcula-
tion would afford two hundred and fifty thousand
men for a fighting force. You must recollect,
however, that among our four million slaves there
are at least two million laborers. This circum-
stance would largely increase the force we could
Icoep m the field. 1 have no doubt that a million
of men at home, with all the slaves, would carry
on our industrial occupations, while wc might
have at least four or five hundred thousand men
capable of being kept in the field. Such a force
would certainly require an immense sum ofmoney •
to maintain it; but a community struggling for
existence will not count the cost of armaments.
How will it be in the North? You ought to
have a larger force than this to enable you to carry
on war abroad. Suppose it is no larger: how are
you to keep in the field a body of four hundred
thousand or five hundred thousand men? Atthe
outset, 1 grant that your bankers might come for-
ward, and enable you to begin the war on credit;
but all wars of any length cannot be maintained
in that way. The exports of the free States are
generally less than one hundred millions; and
your imports con be no greater, without draining
you of specie. Any tariff you can impose will
give no more money than you will want to sup-
portyour Government in time of peace. 1 put this
matter to gentlemen seriously, because it is well
enough to look at these things now; for ma few
weeks we may have them upon us as actual real-
ities. 1 ask Senators to exercise no greater lore-
sight than any farmer mam us ts when, m the spring
of the year, he provides fur the coming autumn
and winter. These issues may be upon us in a
few weeks.
Now, do you believe that you can get your peo-
ple to consent to support an enoimous system of
taxation for the mere purpose of subjugating us?
From the very nature of your population, your
iml ustt lal occupations rnubt suffer more than ours.
A huge portion of your people are engaged m
coimmrce, and others m manufactures; and they
depend partly upon us for freights, and partly,
also, for maikets. Deprived of these, you mur^t
have a large, idle, discontented, and sufiei nig class.
Theic ns,besidis, a still greater difficulty to be
■encountered before you. A large portion of your
people believe that you are wrong in this move-
mi en t.
When, Mr. President, the war broke out in
-Aint■ i ica, Lord Chatham said, on the floor of the
ih i.is'i Pji hament:
ee t'lat Aimeuca lias tested; three million peo-
ik'.ui to a!! ;r!i-e ot vimm" jo consent to bermuc
w.ui.il MiUii tu'comc the wstiumciitrf ot' making
pie r
hi u V
'a 1v('- of m-- .
You will find hundreds and thousands of men
rising up in the Noith and holding this huignage
and rufusmj; a cordial support to your war meas-
ures. After, perhaps, a long, expensive, and
bloody war, a peace would be made, leaving: the
two sections wuh iy separated m feeling. When
the peacc of 1763 was made with Great Britain,
these States would have united with any civilized
Power upon earth sooner than with her; and you
may make, by such an attempt, a permanent sep-
aration and lasting enmity.
i say, then, Mr. President, that one of three
contingencies is inevitably before you: either a
settlement of these difficulties such as will be sat-
isfactory and arrest the movement; or a recogni- j:
tion of a pcaceable separation; or thirdly, war. ii
No human ingenuity can find any other result.
The best course, undoubtedly, would be to adjust
things now, if possible, on a satisfactory and per-
manent basis. The next best is a peaceable rec-
ognition of the independence of the seceding States;
and the worst of all, but inevitable if neither of
the others be taken, is war. I tell gentlemen, if
they sit still war will make itself; it will come of
its own accord. Look now at the condition of
forts in the South. They were originally built,
mainly to protect those States in which they are
situated, as a portion of the Union, but there were
some additional reasons for their erection. When
States secede, the Government is entitled to be
paid for its property, undoubtedly; but the States
have a moral and a political right to occupy, and
they will hold those fortifications in the end. I
may say, in relation to the manner in which they
came to be taken, something by way of explana-
tion. On the last day of December, there were
orders issued from the War Department, for the
purpose of sending troops South. It is tiue, that
late in the. evening, perhaps as late as eleven
o'clock, these orders v/eie countermanded; but
m the mean time, telegraphic dispatches were sent
to the South, and a number of forts were taken.
In my own State, on the day following, the 1st
of January, we were advised there was a similar
movement on foot, and a dispatch went down
which pievented it, by giving assurances that the
orders had been countermanded. Not long after-
wards, however, the sending down of the Star of
the West occurred, other reports of hostile move-
ments went abroad, and our own people occupied
some of the forts in North Carolina; but they
were informed again that there was no purpose
on the part of the Government to reinforce them,
and they were abandoned.
I mention this in order that Senators may un-
derstand the animus of our people. They do not
want to interfere with the Government property;
they do not mean to interfere with its rights while
it may be disposed to do them justice; but they
do not intend that these forts shall be used for
their oppression. Of what use is Fort Sumter
to the Government of the United States, unless
it be to vex and harass Charleston? If things
remain as they are now, with the understanding
that these places arc to be held by the Govern-
ment, or retaken, of course you will have war; it
is obliged to come on. And this question presents
itsell to honorable Senators: had you rather have
this war; or do you prefer doing something to !
avoid it? If you let things remain as they are,
until Air. Lincoln comes into power, with the
well understood purpose of holding the forts in
the South, to compd those States to pay taxes j
to, and obey the laws of, what is now a foreign
Government, you leave them no alternative but to
take those forts by force. I repeat, if under these
circumstances you stand still, all the world will 1
know that you mean to have war. j
I am sorry to see, Mr. President, that many on !
the other side, instead of meeting these questions \
as I think they ought to do, are laboring under i
| stiange delusions. WhenSenatois—I refer par- |
! riculurly to the Senator fiom Mississippi, [Mr. !
Davis,] who has left, and the Senator from Vir- ,
ginia [Mr. Hunter]—spoke of the evils of war, !
and deprecated them, it. was trumpeted far and [
wide through the North that the South was afraid j
of the result, and was begging for peace. There j
never was a greater mistake. 1 have yet to sec the i
first southern man who believes that his section \
could be conquet < d; but in spi akmg of the evils ; j
of war, these genth-men show that they have ij
counted the costof the enterprise,and are willing e
to hazard all its consequences. j
But another and a still greater delusion under !
which I think Republicans are laboring is, that a !
southern confederacy would not be recognized by
the great Powers of the earth. Do they not know ,|
that it is a well-settled principle to recognize dt , j
facto Governments? Oh, yes; but they suppose r
that the humanity of Great Britain will prevent
her recognizing a shareholding community. Let ''
us look a little to the acts of that Government. '
Its humanity did not prevent its waging war with -
China to compel the Chinese to take opium for j
the benefit of her India colonists. She isjust now
concluding a war with China; and one of the very
objects—if the newspapers are to be relied on—to .
be effected is the right to take coolies from China, '
and transport them to the P>ntish Colonies. Re- !
member, that China had earnestly resisted the
seizure of her people by British agents, and done
all in her power to suppress this trade in the
bodies of her subjects.
Of this coolie trade I need not speak. Every-
body knows that it is vastly more inhuman than
the slave trade was in its worst days; that the
proportion of Chinamen who are destroyed in
Cuba, and other countries to which they arc sent,
is vastly greater than that of Africans who perish
under the slave trade, and in the countries to which
they are carried; but yet, if the papers are to be
relied upon,Great Britain is improving on the old
coolie traffic; and instead of holding them to labor
for eight years, she is going to work them for
twenty years. Eight years was sufficients destroy
three fourths of them, I think; and they are now
going to try i t for twenty years; and my friend from
Missouri [Mr. Polk] suggests that she makes
them pay their own passage back. That is, she
will take Chinamen, bring them to her colonies
to work for twenty years, and then let them pay
their passage home, if they survive till that time.
I do not say these things with any view of creat-
ing ill feeling against Great Britain; but look at.
her line of policy. Her humanity does not pre-
vent her allowing the enforcement of the collec-
tion of rents in India by torture. A commission
of the British Parliament has shown that thou-
sands of Indian people were tortured to death by
the most infernal devices that the wit of man ever
imagined; yet that does not stop, because they
say they cannot collect the rent without resort-
ing to this mode, and their Indian empire would
be valueless. Great Britain's hatred of slavery
does not prevent her recognizing Turkey, a coun-
try where they hold slaves of all races and all
colors. In fact, Great Britain went to war with
Russia to prevent the destruction of that very
slaveholdmg Government.
But it is supposed that Great Britain has such
a sympathy and fiiendship for the North, and
that there is such a feeling upon this slavery ques-
tion, that she would not recognize a revolting
slaveholdmg southern confederacy. Great Brit-
am and Portugal had been on the most friendly
terms for a century. Little Portugal was a pro-
tege of Great Britain; and Great Britain took many
a fight on her hands for the sake of little Portu-
gal. She loved her like an orphan child; but her
love for Portugal did not prevent her recognizing
Brazil, when that country revolted, and estab-
lished its independence. England and Brazil (the
grcatestslaveholdmg country in the world, except
our own) are now on terms of the closest friend-
ship.
But Senators will, perhaps, tell me that she has
abolished slavery in Jamaica and the West Indies.
It would be an old story for me to argue that that
was a political movement. However, just to re-
fresh the minds of Senators, let me read a short
extract from svhat Sir Robert Peel said in 1841;
for what was said twenty years ago is likely to be
a reality now. In the debate on the sugar duties
he said:
" It wa  impossible to look to the discussions in the Uni-
ted States ot'Amcnca, and especially to tile conflicts be-
tween the northern and southern States, without seeing
that slavery m that nation &tood upon a ptecarious looting."
That was his view in 1811; and in less than
twelve months after, you find him making this
declaration:
" That the £20,000,000 sterling expended in the West
India emancipation would be well repaid by the effect the
abolition oi slavery would have in the United States*, Cuba,
and Biaztl."
These deelarationsexplam thepolicy which dic-
tated the West India emancipation. Now, Mr.
President, I beg gentlemen not to be deluded by
all they see in the English papers. There is, no
doubt, a great deal of ignorance in England about
this country. 1 read the other day, and have
read it again and again in the English papers,
that the plantations at the South were all mort-
gaged to the North; and that the negroes and
lands were, in fact, owned by the North, and if it
were not that the North supplied the means, no
cotton could be made. Any opinion of British
papers founded on such delusions as these is not
worth much to anybody. But I do say there is
now a great deal of intelligence among the well
informed in England in relation to our country,
and they evidently understand things far better
now than they did formerly.
Suppose, then, it was the purpose of Great Brit-
