1861.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
141
36th Cong....2d Sess.
State of the Union—Mr. Quarles.
Ho. of Reps.
firmed and reestablished, the repeal of which gave
birth to your party; and the principles of the Chi-
cago platform will be applied to all that portion
of the common territories lying north of the line
of 36° 30' north latitude, while the South gets
slavery protected in all of the Territory lying
south of the line during its territorial existence.
Nor are those who advocated the doctrine of
popular sovereignty, as applicable to the Tcrrito-
nes, precluded from the support of this proposi-
tion because of its inconsistency with that doc-
trine. This proposition proposes to make an
amendment of the Constitution,so as to make that
constitutional in express terms which you have
heretofore denied was warranted by that instru-
ment; whilst we of the constitutional Union
party get that which we have long and earnestly
labored for-—a final settlement of the slavery agita-
tion upon teims fair and honorable to all sections.
Then, sir, why can we not all, with one voice, sus-
tain and support it as a fair adjustment and com-
promise ? This, sir, will give quiet to a distracted
and agitated land, and peace, like a Halcyon, will
again sit on our waters.
The second, third, and fourth propositions mere-
ly forbid Congress to do that which the Repub-
licans profess not to desire to do—to abolish sla-
very in the forts, arsenals, and dock-yards; to
abolish slavery in the District of Columbia, and
the inter-State slave trade; and this proposition
is to place it out of your power, so as to relieve
you of the temptation and us of the apprehension
in regard to these matters.
Article live is to give to the owner pay for
slaves forcibly or fraudulently taken from him
by mobs; to which I hear no serious objection.
These are the leading features of this proposition.
It is not, sir, what each individual man would be
willing to accept, that should engage our deliber-
ations; but what propositions will heal the wounds
that now afflict our common countiy, call back
our sisters who have, in a moment of anger, be-
come estranged, and once more form the family
circle around our national hearthstone. Sir, I
am not wedded to any set phrases, or to any man's
proposition. I am willing, ready, and eager to
accept substantial justice at the hands of the
.North at any moment. I care not who makes
the proposition; nor will I cavil about words; this
I prefer to any which has yet been offered. It
would be political empiricism in us to pass as a
compromise that which would not reconstruct our
shattered Union, and hush the wild storm which
now sweeps over the land. And this proposition,
or some proposition with this as a basis, must be
passed to effect that desired object.
Mr. Speaker, I now pass to the consideration
of the piopositions of the majority of the com-
mittee of thirty-three, as reported by their chair-
man, [Mr. Corwin,] not stopping to' consider the
first amendment—that of Mr. Buitcn, of Califor-
nia, which is a proposition for a convention of all
the States. As a compromise of our differences,
I regret that a conscientious discharge of what I
regard as my duty to my constituents will compel
me to withhold my assent from many of the meas-
ures offered by the committee. I stand with my
distinguished colleague, who served on the com-
mittee, [Mr. Nelson,] m opposition to the prop-
ositions of the committee, and m favor of that
offered by Mr. Crittenden". I would state, sir,
that 1 can never give my assent to the following
resolution, which is one of the series offered us
by the committee of thirty-three:
" Resolved, That we recognize slavery as now existing
in fifteen of the United States by the usages and laws of
tho^e States; and we lecojrmzc no authority, legally or
otherwise, outside of a State where it so exists, to interfere
with slaves or slavery m such States, in disregard of the
rights of their owners or the peace of society."
This, sir, expressly excludes slavery from even
a recognition in the Constitution of the United
States; although the Supreme Court declares, as
we have heretofore seen, that it is expressly rec-
ognized in the Constitution as property, and that
it is the duty of the Federal Government toguard
and protect the owner in his right to his property
in his slave, and places even the right of properly
exclusively in the laws of the State. Now, sir, it
is true, that slavery existed in some of the States
before the Constitution was formed, and conse-
quently exists independently of it; but when that
instrument was formed, it expressly recognized
it as a portion of the property of the citizens, and
which the Government is bound to protect and
defend.
In regard to the right of the General Govern-
ment to abolish slavery in the District of Colum-
bia, or in places under the exclusive jurisdiction
of Congress, situate in slave States, and the inter-
State slave trade, they say that the committee
does not deem it necessary to take action, as there
are no propositions from any quarter to interfere
with slavery therein.
Now, sir, I submit to the distinguished gentle-
men who compose the majority of that commit-
tee, if this is meeting the question fairly. Surely
it cannot have been forgotten by the gentlemen of
this committee that,at the last session of this Con-
gress, Mr. Blake, of Ohio, introduced a resolu-
tion, affirming not only the right, but the duty of
Congress to abolish slavery wherever it had ex-
clusive jurisdiction; and it was voted for by a con-
siderable portion of the Republican party. And
then, sir. if the fact that no one is proposing to
move in the subject be reason sufficient for the
committee to withhold any proposal in regard to
it, I would inquire who is proposing to abolish
slavery in the States? And yet the committee pro-
pose an amendmentto the Constitution to prevent
this—a right which is not claimed by any one on
this floor, but expiessly repudiated. The pro-
posed change in the present law for the rendition
of fugitive slaves is, in my judgment, ill-timed;
and can have no other effect than to create in the
minds pf southern men bad feeling and excite-
ment. And it not only lessens the efficiency of
the law, in myjiulgment, butadds very materially
to the trouble and costs of reclaiming a fugitive
slave. But my time will not permit me to go more
fully into this matter, and I must pass on to the
last proposition of the committee—the proposed
amendment of the law for the rendition of fugi-
tives from justice—which is as follows:
"Amendment ot the act tor the rendition of fugitives from
justice.
" Be it cnacted by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United States of Jimcrica in Congress assembled, That
every person charged, by indictment or other satisfactory
evidence, in any State, with treason, felony, or other crime,
committed within the jurisdictioriof such State, who shall
tiee or shall have fled trom justice and be found in another
State, shall, on the demand of the executive authority of
the State from which he fled upon the district judge of the
United States of the district in which lie may be found, he
arrestee) and biousht bcfoie such judge, who, on being sat-
isfied that he is the person charged, and that lie was within
the jurisdiction o( Mich State at the tune such crime was
commuted, of which such charge shall be 'primafacie evi-
dence, shall deliver him up to be removed to the Stat4* hav-
ing jurisdiction of the crime; and if any question of law
shall an.ce dunn<r such examination, it maybe taken on
exemptions hy writ of error to the ciieuit court."
Now, sir, I will read the provision in the Con-
stilulion in regard to the rendition of fugitives
from justice. It says:
" A person charged iu any State with tieason, felony, or
other crime, who ^hali floe fiom justice, and be found in
another State, shall, on the demand of the executive au-
thority ot the State from which he fled, be delivered up to
be removed to the ^tatc having jurisdiction of the crime."
Now, sir, it is proposed not to deliver the fugi-
tive upon a charge, as is provided in the Consti-
tution, but it must be proven that he was in the
State at the time the crime is alleged to have been
committed. Can gentlemen have forgotten that
at this very time there is a controversy between
the States of Virginia and Ohio, growing out of
the John Brown raid? One of Brown's sons and
a Mr. Mcrriam are charged as accessories before
the fact to the murders committed at Harper's
Perry. The Governor of Ohio refuses to give
them up to Virginia, because he alleges that the
defendants were not in Virginia at the time of the
Harper's Ferry murders; and this amendment
comes very opportunely in support of Governor
Dcnnison. Sir, whatever may be the strict rule
of criminal lav/, we cannot long be at peace with
a coterminous Government, much less a confed-
erate State, which will permit its citizens to fit out
armed bands of marauders against our peace, or
furnish poison to our slaves, and be shielded by
their State from punishment. I can never vote
fortius amendment, sir, which, if adopted, will, I
fear, lead to much mischief and infinite trouble.
But there are many of the propositions of the com-
mittee for which i thank them, and for which I
shall vote with cheerfulness. 1 hail them as the
Arctic voyager does thu first gleam of the return-
ing light, as the harbinger of the full and complete
day. But, sir, taken as a whole, and as a settle-
ment of our differences, I am forced in candor to
say it is not equal to the emergency, and w&l iiot
settle our differences.
Mr. Speaker,much ofthis unhappy disturbance
grows out of the fact that slavery, as it exists at
the South, is misunderstood and misrepresented
at the North. You of the North are*told,and
some of you no doubt believe, that slaves at the
South are held to be and treated as mere property
—as brutes. This is a mistake-, and I here chal-
lenge a comparison with you,as to the treatment
of your laborers and ours. Sir, in Tennessee it
is murder to kill a slave; it is a penitentiary of-
fense to maim him. If tried for crime, he is en-
titled to as many peremptory challenges as a white
m^n, and to counsel in his defense. His owner
is indictable if he does not properly feed and
clothe him. "We have no paupers, whether from
age or misfortune; the young and the old, the
valuable as well as the worthless, are alike cared
for and protected. How is it with you ?
Mr. BINGHAM. I desire to ask the gentle-
man from Tennessee a question: suppose a white
man maim a slave in your State, is he allowed to
be a witness against the person who has maimed
him ?
Mr. QUARLES. No, sir; a slave is not per-
mitted to testify in any case in Tennessee against
a white person.
Mr. BINGHAM. In Ohio any man who is
maimed by another has the right to testify against
him in court.
Mr. QUARLES. Well, sir, that only shows
that you have a different rule in your State in re-
gard to who shall be witnesses in court from that
which we have in Tennessee. We seek not to
disturb those rules, and will not in any wayinter-
fere with your State policy. That is a matter for
each State to regulate for itself. But I would ask
the gentleman who caves for your poor, unfortu-
nate operatives, when sickness, old age, or phys-
ical misfortune overtakes them—the orphan and
the widow—among your laboring closs?
Mr. BINGHAM. I answer the gentleman, the
whole community. We have infirmaries in every
county.
Mr. QUARLES. So have we, sir; but there
are no slaves in them. We have no pauper slaves.
The owner is forced by law to give them every-
thing that is necessary for their comfortable sub-
sistence.
Mr. BOULIGNY. With the permission of the
gentlemen from Tennessee, in connection with the
remark he has just made, I will cite an example
in my own State, Louisiana. While 1 was in New
Orleans last November, a planter residing in my
district was arrested,and brought before the court
for the ill-treatment of his slaves; and he could
not find bail in the whole district, and was sent to
prison; and was, after a time, admitted to bail in
the sum of $1,000 to answer the charge.
Mr. QUARLES. Similar cases, I have no
doubt, could be cited from every slave State. You
misunderstand our system of labor; it is not the
harsh, barbarous thing it has been represented to
you to be. Sir, after the relationships of husband
and wife, parent and child, guardian and ward,
and the collateral relations growing out of the ties
of consanguinity, the next nearest with us is that
of master and slave. They are the happiest, best
clothed and cared for laborers that the sun of
heaven shines upon.
Mr. Speaker, in one hour I cannot discuss all
the questions of high and vital interest presented
in those reports and resolutions; but I cannot take
my seat without making an earnest appeal to gen-
tlemen of the Republican party to come forward
like men capable of grappling with and control-
ling the events by which we are surrounded, and
make an honorable ad justment of these matters.
Gentlemen say I will not grant any terms of
compromise to South Carolina. Sirs, it is not
South Carolina who asks if; I ask it in the name
of Virginia, the mother of States and of states-
men, in whose sacred bosom lie entombed "Wash-
ington, Jefferson, Madison, and Monroe; in the
name of North Carolina, who even now, amid the
excitement which rages on her southern border,
sits firmly enthroned on her lofty conservatism,
conscious of her own strength should occasion
