142
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 30,
36th Cong. ... 2d Sess.
State of the Unions—Mr. Stevenson.
Ho. of Reps.
call for its exercise. I ask it in the name of Ken-
tucky, who is ready, in defense of the Union, to
rebaptize her soil with the name of the dark and
bloody ground. I ask it in the name of my own
noble and gallant State, every pulsation of whose
great heart is for the Union.
Sirs, let us go back to the purer days of the
Republic, and catch the spirit of our fathers. Let
us remember that southern blood gushed in living
streams down the slopes of Bunker Hill, and that
the bones of northern patriots whiten the field of
Yorktown; that hand in hand our fathers tracked
the snows of the Delaware with the blood that
trickled from their unshod feet. Let us recall the
hallowed memories that hang around the heights
of the Hudson and linger along the shores of the
Schuylkill and the Brandywine. Let us forget this
bitter feud that has grown up between our sections,
and banish forever this apple of discord from our
halls of legislation. Sir, can it be that our glo-
rious Union is to be dissolved ?
''Say, can the South sell out its share in Bunker's hoary
height?
Or can the North give up its boast of YorJctown's closing
fight?
Can yo divide with equal hands a heritage of graves?
Or rend in twain the starry flag that o'er them proudly
waves?"
No, sir; no. May the God of our fathers for-
bjd it! For when thatdireful event shall happen,
the sun of our glory will have set, and it wjII set
without a twilight. Pass these propositions of
the distinguished Senator from Kentucky, [Mr.
Crittenden,] and you will send a thrill of joy
through the national heart, from the "pearly
strand of the Atlantic to the golden hp of the Pa-
cific;" and every heart will leap with gladness as
the glorious old banner floats out to the free
breezes of heaven with every star gleaming on it.
But I am asked, what will Tennessee do in
this crisis? Sir,she will exhaust every honorable
means of compromise; she will appeal to you, as
she is now doing through her commissioners sent
here to confer with those of other States; and if
she finds you incapable of the sacrifice of your
party prejudices to save our glorious Union, she
will appeal to your constituents—" from Philip
drunk to Philip sober;" her action will be deliber-
ate, conservative, patriotic, and temperate. No
State values more highly the inestimable bless-
ings of the Union. She will do everything except
tarnish her unsullied honor to preserve it. No
rashness will mark her counsel^; but she will be
guided in all she may do by a hfgh sense of duty to
herselfand a fervid and glowing love of her whole
country. She will stand as the "day's man" be-
tween the fierce and contending extremes of North
and South; and with the olive branch of com-
promise in each hand, she will say in accents of
affection, " Let there be no strife between you."
But, sir, if, in an evil hour, led on by rash, in-
considerate, and extreme men, you should attempt,
under any pretext, however plausible, to subju-
fate her, or one of her sister States of the South,
y force of arms,
" At once there'll rise so fierce a yell,
As all the fiends from Heaven that fell
Had pealed the banner cry ot hell."
And she will stand the dread arbitrament of the
sword. This, in my opinion, is her position; and
in this position, I am proud to say, I concur,
with my whole heart; but, sir, whatever may be
tier choice or her fate in this dnrlc hour, T, as one
of her sons, will abide it; and, in the language of
Ruth to Naomi, say to her: " Whither thou goest
I will go; where thou lodgest I will lodge; thy
people shall be my people,and thy God my God/'
STATE OF THE UNION.
SPEECH OF HON. J. W. STEVENSON,
OF KENTUCKY,
In the House of Representatives,
January 30, 1861.
The House having under consideration the report from
the select committee of thirty-three—
Mr. STEVENSON said: _
Mr. Speaker: Kentucky is one of the central
States of this Confederacy, and she sympathizes
with no feeling, north or south, whicli looks to a
disruption of her confederate ties. Her big and
loyal heart is now palpitating with anxiety at the
gloom and dangers which have been so suddenly
thrown over and now enshroud this hitherto uni-
ted and happy people. Though she has suffered
most and suffered longest from the infraction of
her guarantied rights under that compact which
recognizes her as acosovereign ty in this Union, she
has still fondly looked for some beaming light of
returning justice in the North to recognize those
rights, and to uphold that equality. If the speech
just delivered by the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Conkling] be a faithful reflection of north-
ern sentiments, then that hope would be forever
extinguished.
We stand, sir, in the midst of momentous and
stunning events. For the first time in the history
of our country, the fear which has sometimes
agitated the patriotic heart, that the links of the
Confederacy might be sundered, is to-day a stern
and sad reality. Six sovereign States have,
through State conventions regularly called, re-
sumed the powers delegated to the Federal Gov-
ernment by their respective ratifications of the
Federal Constitution, and thus sundered the ties
of their Federal allegiance. Their gallant and dis-
tinguished Representatives, bound to us by so
many tics of official intercourse and personal re-
gard, and who met with us in this Hall on the 1st
of last December, have, by the mandate of their
respective States, ceased to be our peers. I pause
not now to inquire whether the act of withdrawal
by a State from our Federal sphere be constitu-
tional secession or merely revolution. The solu-
tion of the question cannot lessen our responsi-
bility in meeting it as a pregnant fact of actual
dismemberment, or diminish its influence on the
peace, happiness, and prosperity of the remain-
ing States of the Confederacy.
Toapply theremedy, weshould ascertain clearly
the extent and character of the disease. Various
projels looking to unity and peace are before the
Senate and this House. The senior Senator from
Kentucky, now, 1 believe, the father of the Sen-
ate, full of years, and full of honor, proposed, at
an early day in the session, certain amendments
to the Constitution, which, if they had been
adopted, would, it is confidently believed, have
afforded the basis of a satisfactory adjustment.
Had Republicans received them at once in the
spirit in which they were offered, and promptly
adopted them, five States now out of the Union
would have been probably still with us engaged
in the generous work of winning back the only
pleiad then missed from our national galaxy. Ju-
bilant in tone, defiant in triumph, and indifferent
to the pending crisis, the Republicans have, for
seven long weeks, refused even a vote upon them.
They have met with no better success in this Hall.
Approved warmly in the border States, indorsed
by immense petitions in the free States, where
they seemed to have struck a responsive chord in
the popular heart, eminently just to the free States
as a basis of settlement, the greater portion of the
Republican party have witnessed State by State
sever the bonds of their Federal allegiance, with-
out concession, and with seeming and stolid in-
difference.
The position of the leader of the dominant party
in a country like ours upon this floor, and at a
period like this, is, I grant you, sir, a distinguished
honor. It attaches to its distinction, however,
proportionate and perilous responsibility. 1 con-
fess I listened, therefore, with deep-felt anxiety to
hear with what favor the Crittenden propositions
would be received by the distinguished chairman
of Ways and Means. I was pained to hear him
announce, and that, too, it seemed to me, as a
representative man, that the proposed amendments
could never receive his support. Indeed, he went
further, and told us frankly that he could never
sustain the ** border-State propositions," or any
other that recognized slavery as the existing status
of any of the Territories. Many leading Repub-
licans upon this floor have gone further. One
[Mr. Washburn, of Wisconsin] boldly told us
he was against all compromise, and would never,
himself, vote for the admission of another slave
State.
If such doctrines had prevailed in the earlier
days of our history, no one will assert that the
Constitution could ever have been adopted or the
Union formed. If the dominant party intend to
attempt to administer the Government upon any
such basis, it must divide and separate the sec-
tions forever. Such opinions, and such a policy,
when rendered practical, are at war with the fun-
damental principles on which the Government
was constructed, and which must forever consti-
tute the basis of its perpetuation. It has been
wisely said, " that the frequent recurrence to fun-
damental principles is essential to the preserva-
tion of liberty." In a Government duplicate in
its form, like ours, if we would prevent antago-
nisms between the State and General Govern-
ment, we cannot too often recur to the respective
orbits which the illustrious framers of that match-
less instrument, our Federal Constitution, in-
tended and prescribed for the revolution of each.
No one will deny that the States were equal,
sovereign, and independent, when the General
Government was formed by the adoption of the
Federal Constitution. This fact was proclaimed
in the Declaration of Independence; and by the
second clause of the Articles of Confederation, in
1777, each State expressly " retained its sover-
eignty, freedom, and independence." By the
treaty of peace with Great Britain, in 1783, the
States are named, and each State expressly recog-
nized as equal, sovereign, and independent. As
free, equal, and sovereign States, they formed a
Federal Government; and, as States, framed and
ratified the Federal Constitution. The conven-
tion which framed that instrument did not ema-
nate from, and was not called by any, vote of the
people. The old Congress of the Confederation
recommended the appointment of delegates by
State Legislatures to form such a Constitution;
and when formed, it was ratified, not by the people
of the States, or of the United States, but by each
State in convention respectively called for that
purpose. The Constitution, by its own terms,
required a ratification of it by nine States. Had
six States refused to call conventions for the pur-
pose of passing on its adoption, the Constitution
would have failed, without even a consideration
of its merits. It was in this way the Constitu-
tion was formed, and the General Government
erected.
What were its objects,and what considerations
induced its fbrmation? Certainly not the annihi-
lation of the States or a State government. Its
declared objects were " to form a more perfcct
Union, establish justice, insure domestic tranquil-
lity,provide for the common defense,promote the
general welfare, and secure the blessings of lib-
erty to ourselves and posterity." Certain powers
and duties which, for the public defense and gen-
eral interest of all the States, could be better per-
formed by the Federal Government, were con-
fided to it, and it became the agent ofali the States
for such purposes. The exclusive powers neces-
sary for the execution of such trusts were dele-
gated to it by the States, as well as others, to be
exercised by it in conjunction with the States,
and which are set out in the Constitution. Two
governments, each representatives of the separate
and independent States, were thus created, and to
which, within their respective delegated spheres,
obedience was due. The States, with theirState
governments existing prior to the adoption of the
Federal Government, clearly parted with no more
of their sovereignty than was essential to carry
out the objects of their confederation, and which
was expressed in the Federal Constitution. All
power not conferred was expressly reserved to
the States or the people. The power thus parted
with was delegated to be exercised by the Fed-
eral Government, as the joint agent of all the
States, for their common protection and benefit.
It was partly Federal, and, in some particulars,
national; but, as the term Federal Union eleaily
indicates, it was a Confederation of sovcreign-
tiesjand not a popular consolidated Government,
The origin, formation, and objects of the Federal
Government, not less than the express and im-
plied limitations on its power, as set out in the
Federal Constitution, abundantly establish that,
while popular sovereignty was the base on which
the respective State governments rested, it did not
and could not underlie the substratum on which
the Federal Government rests. As each govern-
ment was intended as the instrument for the ac-
complishment of separate and distinct ends, so
the powers and limitations of each were peculiar
and distinct. They were, in some instances, to
