1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
727
deny your right to make improvements. Those
who admit the right, doubt very much whether
you ought to go to the expense of making a single
railroad across a thousand miles of desert and un-
inhabited country; and this proposition for build-
ing three railroads, under these circumstances,
and incurring a debt, perhaps to be increased to
two or three hundred million, (for the best in-
formed men say it cannot fall below $300,000,000,)
will drive many of the most sagacious and reflect-
ing men of the South, men of philosophical minds,
to acquiesce in dissolution.
Again, sir: here is this tariff bill, likely to be
adopted, which passed the House by a large vote,
containing most iniquitous provisions for the ben-
efit of particular classes; and then there is another
measure which, with due respect to those who in-
dorse it, to my mind, is the most indefensible of
all propositions hitherto advocated—I mean the
homestead bill. The idea of giving up the public
property by wholesale at any time to men, many
of whom arc the least meritorious of the commu-
nity, is wholly indefensible, in my judgment; but
now, with a ban kruptTreasury,boi rowing money
at the rate of forty or fifty million a year, the
policy of giving up these public lands in a body,
to any one who chooses to take them, shocks the
whole community.
Our people arc coming to the conclusion that
this Government has become so vast that it is an
impracticable one. I am not sure of this. I think,
large as the country is, that the Government
might be well administered, but for the anti-sla-
veiy excitement. When a family is divided into
two sections, who are warring against each other,
of coursc household duties must be neglected.
We have had a struggle for the last ten years;
the North pressing, and the South struggling for
its honor and safety against the movement; and
such measures are its results. In fact, they are
directly traceable to that hostility of the northern
anti-slavery men. Why, sir, the people of the
Northwest do not want high protective tariffs—
by no means;and many Republicans do not want
them; and yei you find the Republicans in a body,
almost, in the House and on this floor; we see
them coming up and voting for a most enormous
tariff". Why? It is to secure the support of the
tariff men of Pennsylvania and elsewhere.
Again, sir: New England does not like this
homestead bill. At any rate, when 1 came here
fifteen years ago, I found the men from New Eng-
land were in favor of holding on to the public
lands, and so far from wishing to encourage settle-
ment in the West, they used to object strenu-
ously to opening that territory because it took off
their laborers from them. They wished to retain
them at home and thus keep down the price of
wages. Now you find the solid vote of New
England, I believe, for this homestead bill to tempt
their people to go away. Why is this 5 They
want to satisfy the West; and you find the north-
western Republicans going for this high protective
tariff to secure the votes of Pennsylvania and the
East. The anti-slavery men form the gicat nu-
cleus of the party, and they spread out their arms
in all directions and gather in allies.
Now, I am free to say, Mr. President, if, when
this homestead bill was up, I could substitute for
it a proposition giving the lands absolutely to the
new States in which they lie, I would piefer it.
It is a less evil to the Government. If they choose
to give them out to the landless, let them do it. I
would in that way, if I could, cut them loose from
this combination. In the same way, sir, if you
present to me a well-guarded Pacific railroad bill
for a single track, I will vote it through, if it is on
the cheapest and best line; but if you ask me to
tax my people outrageously to benefit a few man-
ufacturing capitalists, I will not do it. What I
desire, then, is this: we should, even if this Gov-
ernment is to endure, dissolve this combination.
Remember, sir, the South has no share in this co-
partnership. The Northeast is to get the tariff;
the Northwest the Pacific railroad and the home-
stead bill; and the Republicans, or Abolitionists,
are to get anti-slavery. These are the parties to
the combination. The sagacious men of the South
see the danger; and sooner than submit to be
cheated and plundeiedin this mode, with the pros-
pect in the future of the abolition of slavery and
the utter destruction of their section, they are
coming resolutely into the struggle. Nor will they
pause now unless full justicc be done them on this
| slavery question. The Legislature of my own
State, as well as that of Viigima, has planted it-
self firmly on the basis of the Crittenden piopo-
sitions, with certain additions, and they will not
be satisfied with less. •
I am astonished thatthe North hesitates to take
the proposition of the honorable Senator from
Kentucky. What is it? Why, of the existing
territory, it gives the South about one fifth and the
North four fifths. We arc entitled to have two
fifthsaccordingto population. They sayit is car-
rying out the platform on which Mr. Breckinridge
was nominated; I allude to the presidential can-
didate. All that is a mistake. By that platform,
as they understand it, slavery was to be protected
in all the Territories; and the people of the South
honestly believe that it ought to be so, and that,
according to the true intent of the Constitution, it
is protected; and the opinions of the Supreme
Court sustain this view. Now, instead of carry-
ing it out, that proposition proposes to give the
North four fifths of the territory, and only one
fifth to the South. Why, sir, a man who claims
a tract of land, and offers, as a compromise, to give
up four fifths of it, would not obtain his claim,
certainly. It seems to me, therefore, the Repub-
licans ought not to hesitate one moment, but ought
at once to have taken it.
They say, however, that their platform requires
that they shall have the whole of the territory,
and exclude us altogether. I submit to honorable
Senators as just men, (for I know that in the or-
dinary transactions of life they are just men,) there
is not a Senator on that side of the Chamber that
docs not know thatthe South has contributed its
money fairly with the North; that in every war
we have turned out more than our proportion of
men; and I ask them if it is just that our people
should altogether be excluded fiom those acqui-
| sitions which we jointly made?
I But some of them object to that provision which
' applies it to future Territories. They say we will
take Mexico, Central America, &c. Why, Mr.
President, if none of the States had seceded, the
North would have a majority now of eight Sen-
ators on this floor. With all the States repre-
sented in the other branch, she has fifty-seven
majority, and under the incoming apportionment
will have over sixty. They know that no terri-
tory can ever be acquired without a lare:c support
from them; and the new States of the Northwest
coming m will very soon swell still more their
majorities. It is idle, therefore, for these gentle-
men to try to convince any one that they are
afraid of acquisitions against their wishes. No,
sir; I apprehend that they want to keep this ques-
tion open. I fear they want to have materials to
electioneer at home, and putdown those men who
are just enough to recognize ourright. I fear that
they want to keep an open question, by which
they can crush out such northern Democrats as
my friend from Ohio. If not, why object to set-
tling the whole territorial question for all time to
come r
Again, sir: why not agree that slavery shall be
protected m the District of Columbia, the foits
and arsenals in the slave States, and the slave
trade between the States ? They can do that with-
outinterferingwith nny northern interest. If they
do that—if they place this entire question where
it cannot be reached, you may,perhaps, end this
agitation; otherwise it cannot be ended; and, for
the sake of our northern friends, 1 think we ought
now to take a stand and leave the Union atoncc,
unless a complete adjustment can be made.
Ten years ago, Mr. President, I became appic-
hcnsivc that we should have a dissolution of the
Union between these States. Up to that time I
had not thought it possible. I think there was a
great error committed then. I have always re-
gretted that Mr. Clay and Mr. Webster, patriotic
as they were, did not seem to appreciate the mag-
nitude of the question, and did not place that set-
tlement on its proper ground, if that Missouri
line had been run through, ns was demanded by
the South, (and if they had gone for it, it could
have been done,) possibly we should have had
peace. Nay more: after it was determined that i
we should try non-intervention, I earnestly en- j
deavored to induce them to repeal the Missouri i
restriction, and let non-intervention apply to Kan- j
sas and all of the territory north of the line of 36° j
30'. If thc-y had done that at that time, we should j
have avoided the excitement and discussion grow- |
ing out of the application of the principle to Kan-
sas, and possibly we might have had peace. But
ever since then, looking at the future, I have had
apprehensions; and in examining the map of
America I have often been brought to the conclu-
sion that it seemed as if Providence had marked
out on it two great empires, one lying on the Mis-
sissippi and around the Gulf of Mexico: the other
upon the basin of the St. Lawrence. We know,
Mr. President, that natural boundaries control
very much the form of nations. A great and pow-
erful force may sometimes carry a nationality
over boundaries; but nature conquers in the end.
Italy has extended itself into France and Spain,
and Franco and Spain have each extended them-
selves into Italy; but-tke A-ips and thePyrcnnees
still stand as the boundaries of those empires.
Now, sir, there are States which lie partly upon
the waters of the Mississippi, and partly upon
the St. Lawrence. Which empire they will go
with, if this division occurs, is a matter of spec-
ulation. Whether they will be divided, I know
not; but it would seem that political feeling now
is tending to such adivision. The section nearest
the St. Lawrence is anti-slavery strongly, while
in the southern borders of those States there are
opposite sentiments. It would seem, sir, as if
the political and social feelings of the northern
and southern sections of the Union were moving
in the direction of the flow of these immense
rivers, and that future nationalities were to have
their forms determined by these natural divisions.
Mr. President, we have had thirteen Presidents
of the United States elected by the people. I mean
Mr. Buchanan is the thirteenth man thus chosen
who has presided over all the States. At the time
the Confederacy was formed, was it written in
the book of fate that it should endure until there
had been a man elected for each of those States?
Senators on the other side of this Chamber will
determine that question.
The honorable Senator from New York spoke
with regret of a division of the Union when the
dome of this Capitol was almostcompleted. The
tower of Babel was not finished when the nations
of antiquity were divided. There was a provi-
dential purpose in that movement—to humble the
pride of man, and to extend humanity over the
eastern continent. Whether there is such a pur-
pose now, by dividing this Union, to send two
streams of civilization over America, or whether
this unfinished tower is to stand as a monument
of human folly and dissension upon a continent
strown far and wide with the immense ruins of a
gigantic political and social fabric, time alone can
disclose. If evil should happen, the finger of his-
tory will fix the responsibility on those who com-
menced and carried out this anti-slavery revolu-
tion. When Julius Caesar looked over the field
of Pharsalia, and saw it strown with the bodies
of his slain countrymen, he exclaimed, " They
would have it so." Posterity will say of those
who persist in this warfare, *' You would have
these results."
The most impressive ceremony, Mr. President,
which I have witnessed in this Chamber was on
the occsxsion when anumber of Senators from the
seceding States took leave of us. It reminded me
of the funernl ceremonies when a Senator has
died, but was far more impressive, because the an-
nunciation of the death of a Slate of this Confed-
eracy is more momentous than that of Us repre-
sentative. "1 use the term, because there is an anal-
ogy between the cases. When a Senator dies, his
spirit goes from one state of existence to another;
it may be a brighter and a better one. When
those States no longer live to this Government,
they pass into a new Confederacy. The Israelites,
with wailing amHamentation, deplored the loss
of one of their tribes. When recently the annun-
ciation of the departure of a single State was made
here, it was met with strange levity on the other
side of the Chamber. How will it be, sir, when
the ten tribes have gone, when fifteen States have
departed? In those States were born and nour-
ished such slaveholders as Washington and Jef-
ferson and Madison and Henry and Marshall
and Jackson and Clay and Calhoun. They are
filled at this day with such slaveholders and "poor
whites," as our non-slaveholdersare stigmatized
by abolition speakers, as formerly went up with
George Washington to defend Massachusetts and
New York and Pennsylvania and the Jerseys, and,
at a later day, stood upon the Canada line with
