1861.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
143
36tii Cons..,.2d Sess.
State of the Union—Mr. Stevenson.
Ho. of Reps.
bo mutual and dependent, revolving in separate
orbits. So long as they were kept within their
prescribed and designed spheres, the danger of
collision was prevented, and the great objects in-
tended by the Federal Government were signally
and successfully carried out.
Equality underlaid the whole Federal structure;
and protection to persons and property within the
Federal jurisdiction was the price of the allegiance
of the States to such General Government, as del-
egated and prescribed in the Const] tution. Where
ever the American banner floated upon sea or land,
all beneath it was entitled to the protection of that
flag.
For the first time in our history, a political
party has acquired possession of the Government
whose acknowledged policy, if carried into prac-
tice, must upturn the foundation of our Federal
structure by destroying this recognized equality
of the States. The Chicago platform proposes to
exclude slavery from all territory now held, or
hereafter to be acquired; and wc are defiantly in-
formed that this policy is not only to be firmly
earned out, but slavery is to be abolished in our
dock-yards, arsenals, and in the District of Co-
lumbia.
On what basis does this doctrine of occlusion
of slave property from our public domain rest?
It is at war with the spirit and letter of the Con-
stitution, as expounded by the Supreme Court of
the United States. It saps and undermines the
theoiy of the Constitution, and would, if it had
been insisted on in the earlier days of the Govern-
ment, have prevented the formation of the Union.
It presupposes an antagonism between the free
and slave States, which is denied by the past ex-
perience of our common progress and renown,
and which would cast an undeserved opprobiium
on the memory of the illustrious founders of this
matchless system of free institutions. We are
met with the dogma that the normal condition of
our Territories is always freedom; and from this
mischievous heiesy flow the dangerous and sec-
tional corollaries which so long disturbed our
peace, and now dangerously threaten the subver-
sion of the Government. I publicly repudiate it
as totally unsound in theory and destructive in
practice.
The Federal Government, as the agent of all the
States, can only acquire territory sub modo, under
the limitations of the Constitution. The moment
territoryisacquired, all public law, and the polit-
ical impress of any foreign nation upon the terri-
tory thus acquired, would, at the moment of ac-
quisition, eo inslanti, give way to the genius and
character of our own institutions. This distinction
between public political rights and mere municipal
ones, which are always upheld after acquisition,
is so well established by the law of nations as to
require no comment. Is it doubted that if we
acquired territory from any nation recognizing
Church and State, that at the instant of acquisition
it would give way to the religious freedom stamped
upon our institutions? So, too, if we acquired
Canada, with the impress of freedom upon it, can
it be questioned that the Federal Government, as
the trustee of slave States and free States equally,
would, at the moment of acquisition, hold it free
from such impress, and as the joint property of
each and every State, to be settled equally by the
people of all the States?
Again: if this position be denied, if we keep
constantly before us the true federative character
of our Government as contradistinguished from a
social consolidated nation,as already pointed out
by me, I think wc can have no difficulty in a safe
solution of this question of slavery m the Ter-
ritories. The emigrants to our Territories go
generally from our various States, slave and free.
Each State is equal, but each has its own muni-
cipal law. These systems of law differ in many
of the States, and are often in direct antagonism.
The early pioneers to the Territories from the
various States are supposed to carry with them
the law of the State from which they emigrate, to-
gether with every species of property sanctioned
by it. The emigrant from the free State, with his
chattels, meets his brother from the slave State,
with his property, on the public domain of a com-
mon country, and there they retain the law, usages,
and customs of their respective States, until anew
form of government is ordained forthatTerritory
by the law-making power of the General Govern-
ment. Why should not the same communion and
fraternal regard bind these early settlers and em-
igrants from sister States in these Territories
which bound their common ancestry, when they
fled from despotism and cast their lot together in
the wilderness, to vindicate the right of man's ca-
pacity to govern himself? Is anyrightof person
or property invaded by such a fellowship?
Besides, sir, when the Constitution was adopted
there were twelve slave. States, and but one free
State. If the Territories were, from analogy, to
become impressed wholly with the features of
slavery or freedom, looking exclusively to the
States, to which domain belonged, that impress
would have been slavery and not freedom. This
is not, however, true, and has never been claimed
by any slave State. When theslaveocracy,as we
are now contemptuously styled by those toward
whom we have always fulfilled our covenant vows
of Federal fealty, controlled the Government, they
stood then, as they stand now, on the broad basis of
justice and equality. The Federal Government,
under their administration, was the agent equally
of all the States. The Territories were equally
open to emigration from free and slave States.
The broad basis of equality on which our fathers
placed this Federal Government was jealously
watched and faithfully preserved. Under such
administration we have made matchless progress
in the race of nations. It is only when a party,
whose avowed policy is to war upon this equality,
culminates into power, that our federative system
totters and declines.
It is insisted upon the other side that this insti-
tution of slavery is against humanity; proscribed
by Christendom; denounced by the the law of na-
tions; and that we are asking the free States to
surrender their religious opinions and moral con-
victions to our peculiar institution.
Republicans,are you better than your fathers?
When did you bccomc so? Where do you ad-
duce your ethereal views of religion and morality,
that you cannot respect the rights of the descend-
ants of those who, as slaveholders, with your
fathers, sundered, through "a red baptism of.
blood," the fetters of despotism; and, with their
garments yet wet, upon the altar of that common
country, erected the noblest Government ever
blessed by God? Will you suffer your fanati-
cism to become the instrument of its destruction ?
It pained me to hear the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Stanton,] for whom! entertain the highest
respect, both as a, lawyer and a man, assert that
slavery was never sanctioned by the common law
or law of nations, but was the creature of local
law. Sir, 1 differ with him lolo ccelo. Where can he
show mc a statute in any State establishing sla-
very? Our ancestors brought the common law
with them, and it is an admitted historical fact
that African slavery existed in the thirteen ori-
ginal States. JXow, if the common law does not
sanction slavery, and no statute can be found
establishing it, how was it recognized, and how
did it originally find a footing in the free States?
Whence the necessity of statutes for its abolition ?
Why did not the pernicious thing perish in the
pure atmosphere of puritanism of New England,
denounced by the common Jaw, and unsupported
by any statute? Yet it continued for years; and
strange to say, opposition to the abolition of the
slave trade, insisted on by southern men, came
from the ancestors of Republicans who wish us
now to become their pupils in the school of morals.
Nay, more, Mr. Speaker: I doubt noteven at this
day, in New England, that a note given in New
Orleans for the price of a slave, and transferred to
some Boston merchant, could be recovered before
a Republican jury, with a plea impeaching its
consideration as vicious. If so, then slavery is
not contrary to the law of nature or of morals,
since " ex turpi causa, non oritur actio," and I would
cite Republican action against Republican theory.
Mr. Speaker, I deny that slavery is the crea-
ture of municipal law. It is one of the erroneous
corollaries which has been deduced from a loose,
noxious obiter dictum of Lord Mansfield in Somer-
set's case; and which,I regret to say,butfrankly
admit, has crept into the opinions of many able
judges in our American courts. 1 may be par-
doned for saying it is, nevertheless, a legal her-
esy. After the lucid exposition of Senator Ben-
jamin on this subject, three years ago, I am spared
the necessity of any lengthened notice of theierrot
that the common law does not sanction slavery,
I cannot, however, forbear making England her-
self, well known to be no apologist for slavery, a
witness against the position of the gentleman, from
Ohio [Mr. Stanton] on this point. He -is, I
know, familiar with the case of the slave Grace,
decided by Lord Stowell, and reported in 2 Haz-
zard's Reports, page 94. The facts of that case
were, that Mrs. Allen, of Antigua, came to Eng-
land in 1822, bringing her female slave Grace.
She remained with her mistress until 1823, when
she returned with her voluntarily to Antigua.
She continued as a domestic slave with Mrs. Al-
len until 1825, when she was seized by the waiter
of the customs at Antigua as forfeited to the King
on having been illegally imported in 1823. The
vice-admiralty court or Antigua decreed the slave
to her owner, Mrs. Allen; from which an appeal
was prayed.
Lord Stowell affirmed the judgment, in a
learned,lengthy, and able opinion. I commend it
to the gentleman from Ohio. In it he reviews
Lord Mansfield's opinion in the Somerset! case,
with a spice of ironical satire. Lord Stowell says:
"The real and sole question which the case of Somer-
set! biought before Lord Mansfield, was, whether a slave
could be taken from this country in irons, and earned
back to the West Indies to be restored to the dominion of
lus master? And all the answer, perhaps, which that ques-
tion required was, that the party, who was a slave, could
not be sent out of England in such a manner and for such
a purpose, stating the reasons of that illegality. It is cer-
tainly true that Lord Mansfield, in his filial judgment, am-
plifies the subject largely. lie extends Ins observations to
the foundation of the whole system of the slavery code;
lor in one passage he says, ' that slavery is so odious that
it ciimot be established without positive law.'
" Far be the ^resumption of questioning any obiter dic-
tum that leli from that great man on that occasion ; but I
trust I do not depart from the modesty that belongs to my
situation and, I hope, to my chaiacter, when I observe
that ancient custom is generally recognized as a just foun-
dation lor all law; that viilenageof both kinds,which is said
by some to be the piototype of shivery, had no other origin
than ancient custom ; that a great patt of the common law
itself, in all its relations, has little other foundation than
the same custom; and that the practice of slavery, as it
exists in Antigua and several other of our colonies, though
regulated by iaw, has been, in many instances, founded
upon a similar authority,"
Lord Stowell adds, in regard to the suggestion
in the Somersett case, that the air of the island
was too pure for slavery:
(( How far this air was useful for the common purposes
of respiration during the many centuries in which the two
systems of vilienage maintained their sway in this country,
history has not recorded."
Again, he says, as to the revival of slavery in the
colonies:
" I have first to observe, that it [slavery] returns upon the
slave by the same title by which it grew up originally. It
never was in Antigua the creature of law, but of that custom,
which operates with the force of law; and when it is cried
out, that malus ttsus abolcndus sit, it is first to be proved that,
even in the consideration of England, the use of slavery is
consideied as a malus usus in the colonies."
Here is a direct authority as to the usage and
common law of England m tolerating slavery, and
from a most eminent English jurist. This opin-
ion, if I am not mistaken, was commended by the
late Justice Story.
Allow me to read another short opinion by the
same distinguished judge, in the case of Derna-
rara and its dependencies. (6 Admiralty Reports.)
The question arose as to the character of slaves
in the arsenals and forts of Dcmarara on 31st
September, 1803, when it surrendered to Great
Britain:
"Tne slaves are in number three hundred and ninety-
nine, of whom two hundred are no longer the subject of
contest, but are now admitted to have belonged to the es-
tate on which they were employed as glebee ascriptitii: they
were attached to the soil as part and parcel of the realty,
and upon that account, the question with respect to them
has very properly been given up by the captors."
**********
" The first question is, whether slaves are at all given to
the captors by the piize act, that is, whether they pass by
the woids 'stores of war, goods, meichandise, or treasure,'
which, by the third section of the statute, are to be deemed
prize, and to be apportioned by his Majesty between the
Army and Navy, when acting in conjunction. Now, tho
fact is, that slaves have generally been considered as per-
sonal property. The woid mancipia, as it has been well
observed, signifies qua manu capiuntur. This is unques-
tionably the meaning of the woid according to the civil
iaw. fn our West India eolonies, whcie slavery is con-
tinued, and i* likely to continue longer than in any of the
countiies of Europe, slaves have been foi some purpo&es
considered as real property; but I apprehend that, where
