728
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 4,
Forsyth and Scott and Harrison and Johnson.
When pressed by a formidable foe, thr North did
not refuse the aid of these southern " barbarians."
If it has now grown to be so great that it regards
a further association with them an encumbrance
or a disgrace, then,for the sake of past recollec-
tions, why not let them go in peace?
The Senator from New York said on one occa-
sion, not long since, that, in this dispute beween
the North and the South, it was a matter of con-
science with the North, while with the South it
was only a matter of interest; and therefore the
South ought to yield. By this mode, thfc con-
science of the North can be relieved without sub-
jecting the South to financial bankruptcy, politi-
cal degradation, and social ruin. The anti-slavery
current can then run its course unchecked and
untrammeled. It has already demanded, at Bos-
ton, the removal of the statue of Daniel Webster
because he was willing to compromise with the
South. IIow long will it be until it reaches that
stage when it will require that the statues of such
slaveholders as Washington and Jackson shall
be thrown into the Potomac, the monument of
the former razed to the ground, and the very
name of this city changed to one of harmony with
the anti-slavery feeling? Hereafter, if the North
should meet adverse fortune, and again change its
views, then there might be a reunion and a recon-
struction of the Government. Twice did the Ple-
bians secede, and twice did the haughty Patricians
make such terms of conciliation as rendered Rome
the foremost empire upon earth.
If the States were now divided into two con-
federacies, and their interests required a union,I
do not know why it might not occur. But war
places an impassable gulf between them. A Ro-
man embassador, addressing those to whom he
was sent, said: " 1 carry in my bosom peace and
war; which will you have?" Iteversing his dec-
laration, I say to Senators on the other side of
this Chamber, " You carry in your bosoms, for
the country, pcacc or war; which do you mean
to give it?" If you say war, then our people will
meet you, and struggle with you all along the
lines, and wherever else you come; and they will
defend their honor and the safety of their wives
and children, with the same spirit and resolution
which was exhibited at Sullivan's Island and at
King's Mountain, at York town and at New Or-
leans, and over the many battle-fields of Mexico.
I have no doubt the South will make a triumphal
defense if assailed; but sooner than submit to dis-
grace and degradation, she would, if fall she must,
rather go down like the strong man of the Bible,
carrying with her the mam pillars of the edifice,
the edifice itself, and the lords of the Philistines,
into one common rum.
Mr. HALE. I only wish to say a word or two;
but 1 desire to notice one or two things that the
honorable Senator from North Carolina has said.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. Mr. Presi-
dent 
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Fitch in
the chair.) The Chair understands that the Sen-
ator from Tennessee is next entitled to the floor
on the special order.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I was about
to move that 
* The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from New Ham pshire is entitled to the floor, unless
he yields it.
Mr. HALE. I do not want to occupy the floor
more than ten minutes; but if there was any ar-
rangement by which the Senator was to have it,
of course I will give way.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I will yield to
the gentleman.
Mr. HALE. I simply wanted to call attention
to one or two things that dropped from the hon-
orable Senator from North Carolina. I want to
protest here, for one of the northern States, against
the tone of the Senator's speech, in which, look-
ing to war, he talks to us as if we were the war-
making power. Have we seized upon any forts ?
Have we taken any arsenals, and seized upon any
mints5 Have we done one single act looking to
aggression ? Have we fired into any flag, State
or national? On the other hand, is not the con-
dition of the northern States one that subjects
them, in the eyes of the world, to the charge of
pusillanimity and reproach for wanting manliness
in repelling the attacks that have been made upon
them ? Gentlemen come here and preach peace
to us as if we were the aggressive party; as if the
responsibilities of war must rest on us. Why,
sir, if we have any of the responsibilities of war
resting upon us, it will be by a course of conduct
which subjects us, in the eyes of the world, to the
imputation of cowards—that lies still and invokes
aggression.
The Senator was eloquent; but I want to cor-
rect one other misapprehension; onlyone. Speak-
ing of the contingencies of war—and I was sorry
that the Senator went so far into that matter, be-
cause talking about such things has a tendency to
bring them on; it is said the Devil is never so near
as when you talk about him; and this devil of war
never will be so near as when he is constantly
talked about—in speculating upon the contin-
gencies that await the state of war, the honorable
Senator dwelt upon that force which would be
found in the northern States favorable to him and
adverse to the country where they lived. Sir, I
would do anything to avoid war that any honor-
able man could do; but let not the Senator lay that
flattering unction to his soul. I tell him, if wc do
have war—God, in lus providence,avert it!—the
first thing we will do will be to dispose of north-
ern traitors. We shall not go South.
Mr. LANE. Mr. President, if the Senator will
allow me, I should like to know whom he calls
traitors ?
Mr. HALE. I was about to state.
Mr. LANE. I should like to know whom he
means when he speaks of northern traitors.
Mr. HALE. I will tell him exactly, so that he
can know every one of them: I mean just exactly
the men who. as the Senator from North Carolina
said, would be found in the northern States fight-
ing against their own States if war came.
Mr. LANE. Fighting for the Union, Mr. Pres-
ident—for the rights of the States; and let not
him or any other man call them traitors. I do
not allow any gentleman to use the term. I say,
the northern men that he will have to fight belong
to that portion of the North that stands by the
Constitution, by the rights of all the States, by
the equality of the States, and the right of every
man from every Stale to go into the Territories
with his property: and neither he nor any other
man must call them traitors.
Mr. HALE. Mr. President 
Mr. CLINGMAN. If the honorable Senator
will allow me, I think he is laboring under quite a
misapprehension. I did not state that any man
in the North would fight on our side. I referred
to what Lord Chatham said in England—that he
rejoiced America hud resisted; and I said that
many men in the North would entertain those
sentiments, and would not cordially cooperate in
any movementagainstus. Thatwasalll said, sir.
Mr. HALE. I am glad to hear that explana-
tion. I think the Senator went a little further;
but however, I do not want to press him. I do
not want to have any controversy with the Sen-
ator from Oregon. I am not going to define any
man 's position, nor am I going to define it before
he selects it, or after. I leave every man to choose
for himself; but I repeat what I began with, that
if we arc forced into a war, I tell you we will deal
with all domestic questions without any advice
from anybody.
Now, I have but a single word more to say,
in reply rather to the Senator's rhetoric than to
his logic. He says the most imposing thing that
he has seen in this body was when those Senators
announced that they were about to retire the other
day. Sir, 1 saw a ccremony simpler than that,
and vastly more imposing, about the same time.
It was when my friend from the State of Maine,
[Mr. Morrill,] coming here under an election of
his State, walked up to that desk, and held up his
right hand and callcd God to witness that he would
support the Constitution of the United States.
That was vastly more imposing to me. The hon- !
orable Senator asks, in that overflowing rhetoric .
with which he has delighted the Senate so long,
"What will you say when the ten tribes go out?"
Sir, I was glad to hear that. Ten tribes did go
out from the kingdom of Israel, but the ark of
the covenant of the living God remained with the
tribe of Judah. [Applause in the galleries.]
The PRESIDING OFFICER called to order.
Mr. HALE. 1 think the galleries ought to be
excused for applauding a reference made to the
Scriptures. [Laughter.] I say, there is where the
ark of the covenant remained. What became of i
the ten tribes? They have gone God only knows
where, and nobody else. It is a matter of spec-
ulation what became of them; whether they con-
stitute the Pottawatomies, or some other tribe of
American savages. 1 recollect a friend said to me
the other day, when the Japanese were here, " I
am glad the Japanese came; for," said he, " I
have learned more history from them than I did
from all the books I ever read: I now know what
became of the ten tribes; they settled Japan."
[Laughter.] Well,sir,thatisaspcculation. Now,
this was suggested by the honorable Senator from
North Carolina; and it is full of meaning. There
were ten tribes went out; and remember, they went
out wandering. They left the ark and the empire
behind them. They went, as I said before, God
only knows where. But, sir, I do hope and pray
that this comparison,so eioquentand instructive,
suggested by the honorable Senator, may not be
illustrated in the fate of these other tribes that are
goingoutfrom the household of Israel.
Mr. GREEN. I hope the special order will
now be taken up, the unfinished business of last
Saturday.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The special or-
der is now before the Senate, which is the ques-
tion of printing extra numbers of the President's
message transmitting to the Senate certain reso-
lutions of the Legislature of the State of Virginia.
Mr. GREEN. That was taken up by common
consent, without displacing the other.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I will move
that it be postponed until to-morrow.
Mr. GREEN. Let it postponed until to-mor-
row, because it was taken up by common con-
sent without displacing the other order, which is
a bill to establish a territorial government for
the Territory of Idaho.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. With the per-
mission of the Senator from Missouri, I will move
to postpone it until one o'clock to-morrow, and
make it the special order for that hour.
The motion was agreed to.
TERRITORY OF COLORADO.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
observe that there is another special order which
appears to have been informally passed over, rel-
ative to which there is no motion made. It is the
bill declaratory of the acts for carrying into effect
the ninth article of the treaty between the United
States and Spain.
Mr. GREEN. The unfinished business has
priority over that.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The unfinished
business is the bill (S. No. 366) to provide a ter-
ritorial government for the Territory of Colorado;
and that is the business now before the Senate.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
bill.
Mr. GREEN. There is a slight change in the
boundary suggested by the friends of the adjoin-
ing Territories of New Mexico and Utah; and as
it seems to meet with general acceptance, I send
it to the Secretary's table to be read. j
I will briefly explain it, and the Senate will un-
derstand it in a moment. It proposes only two
changes. The reason for that is, that a portion
of the inhabitants of Utah Territory have settled
there, and this would have a tendency, if the bill
remains as it now is, to divide them. They had
better all remain together. I have no objection
to that modification. The other change is to take
off that notch above 37° of New Mexico. Iam
opposed to that; but still I move it, because I want
the thing all settled; and I see no good reason
why it should not be adopted. The only thing
lean say is this: the Delegate from thatTerritory
says a portion of his people—natives of New
Mexico, speaking that language—have settled up
there, and he wants a homogeneous people all
kept together. There is some force in that; but
still, I think, in parceling out and shaping Terri-
tories and States, we ought to have reference to
the permanent good of the Territory, rather than
a temporary accommodation.
The Secretary read the amendment; to strike
outin the first section the following words: " The
said boundary line of New Mexico to the point
of intersection of its easterly part with the thirty-
seventh degree," and to insert in lieu thereof,the
words,*" the thirty-seventh parallel of north lat-
itude," so that it will read :
Thence south on said meridian of New Mexico ; thence-
