1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
729
along the thirty-seventh parallel of north latitude; thence
easterly on t>aul parallel, &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GREEN. I believe there are no other pend-
ing amendments.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair un-
derstands that there is a pending amendment on
which no vote has been had.
Mr. GREEN. There was a pending amend-
ment proposed by the Senator from Texas, [Mr.
Hemphill;] but I thinkl can make a slight mod-
ification in the bill that will satisfy him, and ren-
der his amendment unnecessary; and I think he
will withdraw it. I wish to call the attention of
the Senator from Texas to a suggestion that I
have to make, which will render his amendment
unnecessary. I ask the Secretary to read the sug-
gestion that I marked on the margin of the bill.
It is in the sixth section to insert the words "prop-
erty subject to," which will just cover the case.
The Secretary read the amendment: in line eleven
of section six, after the word " all " to insert the
words " property subject to;" so that it will read:
But all property subject to taxation shall be in proportion
to the value of the property taxed. •
Mr. GREEN. It leaves it to the Territory to
say what property shall be taxed. They can
exempt any they wish.
Mr. HEMPHILL. My only object in making
the motion I did was, inasmuch as 1 perceivcd the
system of ad valorem taxation was to be adopted
in that Territory, that every person that was taxed
at all should have a certain amount of property
exempt from taxation; that no man should be
taxed in liis property unless he possessed over
two hundred and fifty dollars'worth of property.
I am not familiar with the organization of Terri-
tories, and I do not care about insisting upon the
the amendment.
Mr. GREEN. This will just cover the case.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment as modified.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. I move to amend the name of
the Territory by striking out " Idaho," and in-
serting " Colorado." I do it at the request of thfe
delegate from that Territory, who is very anxiouS
about it, and came to see me to-day to have thatf
change made. He said that the Colorado river
arose in the Territory, and there was a sort of
fitness in it; but this word " Idaho" meant noth-
ing. There is nothing in it.
Mr. GREEN. The name of" Idaho" was put
in at the instance of the Delegate from the Ter-
ritory.
Mr. WILSON. He has changed his opinion.
Mr. GREEN. But I prefer Colorado. It is
more appropriate and more harmonious.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
suggest that that will more properly come up as
an amendment to the title of the bill.
Mr. WILSON. It has got to be changed in
the body of the bill.
Mr. GREEN. Yes, sir; wherever it occurs in
the body of the bill. I prefer that name, and will
vote with the Senator.
The amendment was agreed to.
The amendments made as in Committee of the
Whole were concurred in. The bill was ordered
to be engrossed and read a third time. It was
read the third time.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Fitcii.)
The question is: " Shall this bill pass?"
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I wish to say one word
only on this subject. If the information which I
have received be correct, there is not only a very
inconsiderable population in what has been here-
tofore called Arizona 
Mr. GREEN. This is not Arizona; but the
Pike's Peak region—Colorado.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I beg pardon.
The bill was passed.
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. PEARCE. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Finance, to whom was referred the bill
(H. R. No. 915) making appropriations for the
naval service for the year ending the 30th of June,
186*2, to report it back with amendments. The
amendments arc few, and it will not be necessary
to reprint the bill. I ink, therefore, only that the
amendments lie printed.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The order to
print will be made by common cunsent.
LOAN BILL.
Mr. PEARCE. I am also instructed by the
Committee oil Finance, to whom was referred the
bill (H. R. No. 972) authorizing a loan, to report
it back with two amendments. I ask that the
amendments may be printed.
It was so ordered.
Mr. PEARCE. I give notice that to-morrow
I shall ask the Sentate to take up the loan bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Move to make it a special
order at half past twelve o'clock. There is a
special order at one.
Mr. PEARCE. I move to make it the special
order for to-morrow, at half past twelve o'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
ADMISSION TO THE FLOOR.
Mr. BIGLER. I offer the following resolu-
tion, and ask for its present consideration:
Resolved, That the commissioners appointed by the sev-
eral States to attend a convention to be held m this city,
to-day, be admitted to the tloor of the Senate during the
sitting of the said convention.
Mr. TRUMBULL, Mr. FESSENDEN, and
others, objected to the consideration of the reso-
lution; and it was laid over under the rule.
REPORT ON COMMERCIAL RELATIONS.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a letter from the Secretary of State, commu-
nicating, in obedience to law, the annual report of
the commercial relations of the United States with
foreign nations, for the year I860.
Mr. LATHAM. I move that it be printed,
and that it ho on table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. LATHAM submitted the following order;
which was referred to the Committee on Printing:
Ordered, That five thousand extra copies of the annual
report ot tlie commercial lolations of the United States with
iotcign nation?, lor the jeur l£60, be punted.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The following bill and joint resolution from the
House of Representatives were severally read
twice by their titles, and referred as indicated
below:
A bill (H. R. No. 925) granting a pension to
Larkin Tally, of Tennessee—to the Committee
on Pensions.
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 70) to quiet title
to lands in the State of Iowa—to the Committee
on Public Lands.
Mr POWELL. I move that the Senate ad-
journ.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, February 4, 1861.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas Ii. Stockton.
The Journal of Saturday last was read and
approved.
BRANCH OF BALTIMORE AND OHIO RAILROAD.
Mr. CARTER, by unanimous consent, report-
ed back from the Committee for the District of
Columbia Senate bill No. 277, supplementary to
an act entitled "An act to authorize the exten-
sion, construction, and use of a lateral branch of
the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad into and within
the Districtof Columbia," with a substitute. The
bill and the substitute were lecoinmitted to the
Committee for the District of Columbia, and or-
dered to be printed.
COLUMBIAN INSTITUTION.
Mr. CARTER also, by unanimous consent,
reported back from the same committee a bill to
amend anacttomcorporatetheColumbian institu-
tion for the Instruction of the Deaf and Dumband
the Blind, and to make an appropriation therefor;
which was read a first and second time, recommit-
ted to the Committee for the Districtof Columbia,
and ordered to be printed.
PRIVILEGE OF TIIE FLOOR.
Mr. BRANCH. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to offer the following resolution:
Resolved. That the eouimt^iouertf of States who assem !
hie in this nty to-day be allowed admission to the floor of ,
thf Ilon^e. j
No objection was made; and the resolution was !
agreed to. i
Mr.«KUNKEL. I send up a resolution relat-
ing to the same subject, and ask leave to offer it.
The Clerk read the resolution, as follows:
Resolved, That the use of the Hall of the House ot Rep-
resentatives or other suitable apartmont in the Capitol be>
and the same is hereby, tendered for the use and accom-
modation of the commissioners now present in this city,
with authority and instructions from the several States rep-
resented, to consult upon the best means of settling the
unfortunate difficulties between the two sections, and re-
storing peace, tiauquillity, and fraternal union to the whole
country.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Oh, I object to that.
Mr. BRANCH. My resolution only allows
the privilege of the floor to these commissioners.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I object to that. We do not
want them upon this floor. I wish they would
go home.
Mr. BRANCH. Does not the objection of the
gentleman from Illinois to my resolution come
too late.
The SPEAKER. The objection comes too
late. The resolution of the gentleman from North
Carolina has been agreed to.
CRITTENDEN COMPROMISE.
Mr. WILSON. I ask leave to present a peti-
tion of five hundred citizens of Montgomery
county, Indiana, asking the Senators and Repre-
sentatives from that State to vote for the Critten-
den compromise. I will only say that, with lii^h
rcspect to these my neighbors, 1 cannot vote for
the measures which they seem to favor.
The petition was laid on the table.
Mr. BRIGGS. I ask leave to introduce a me-
morial from the citizens of Chester, in Orange
county, in the State of New York, asking Con-
gress to compromise our national difficulties on
the principles of the border State committee prop-
osition. It is a good sign, Mr. Speaker, to see the
citizens of the rural districts sending up petitions
here asking for compromise to save the country
from dissolution.
The memorial was laid on the table.
Mr. BURNETT. I call for the regular order
of business.
MILITIA AND ARMS, ETC.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication fiom the War Department, transmit-
ting a return of the militia of the United States,
and of arms and accouterments for the year 1860,
according to the act of 2d March, 1803; also a
transcript of the official Army Register for I860,
in compliance with the resolution of the House of
Representatives of June 14,1848; which were laid
on the table, and ordered to be printed.
VARIOUS PROPOSITIONS.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. There is a
private bill before the House which came up last
Monday. I desire to have it taken up and passed.
Mr. SHERMAN. I propose that the rules be
suspended, and that the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union; and I move that the debate on the pend-
ing amendment in that committee shall terminate
in two hours after the committee shall resume its
consideration.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I ask the gentle-
man from Ohio to allow me to give notice to the
House that I intend, at an early day, during the
morning hour, to bring before the House for us
consideration, the hill reported back from the
committee of five (H. R. No. 969) further to pro-
vide for the collection of duties on imports. I
wish gentlemen to examine the bill.
Mi\ McCLERNAND. When does the gen-
tleman propose to bring it up?
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. At an early day.
Mr. BURNETT. I dusire to say to the gen-
tleman from Ohio, [Mr. Siicrman",] that there are
some gentlemen on this side who desire to dis-
cuss the leport of the committee of thirty-three.
One of them is now entitled to the floor; and I
suppose we might as well take up that matter
now, and let the Chinqui matter go over.
Mr. SfXERMAN. 1 tlunk it better to get
through with the deficiency bill at once. There
are many persons waiting for their money appro-
priated in it.
SErZUKE OF TIIE NEW ORLEANS MINT.
Mr. McCLERNAND. I ask the gentleman
from Ohio to waive his motion for a moment until
! olFer a resolution to winch I think there will be
no objection.
