1861.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
145'
36tii Cong....2d Sess.
State of the Union—3Ir. Stevenson,
Ho. of Eeps.
cannot listen to traitors; and rebellion must be put
down. Was that the reply of Washington, Jef-
ferson, Clay, Webster, Calhoun, Cass, in our
trials of the past, and m former national exigen-
cies ? Was that the course of skiveholding Pres-
idents when the free States rebelled against the
Governmentof theUnited States? We have been
refreshed with expletives of denunciation against
the treason and rebellion of South Carolina by
gentlemen from Pennsylvania, Connecticut, and
Massachusetts; but are the skirts of their own
States free from what they term these " damnable
heresies?" Did not Pennsylvania openly rebel
against the United States in the Olmstead case?
Did not the Legislature of that venerated old Com-
monwealth, in 1809, impose upon her Governor
the responsibility of calling out the entire militia to
resist the execution of a judgment of the Supreme
Court of the United States ? Did not Massachu-
setts openly rebel against the requisition of the Uni-
ted States for troops in 1812? When the war against
Great Britain was declared in that year, and the
motto of "free trade and sailors' rights" was un-
furled upon our standard; when many a brave
heart trembled at the apprehended havoc upon the
ocean which would follow a collision with the
prowess, superior armament, and boundless re-
sources of the then acknowledged mistress of the
sea, how did Massachusetts act? How did Con-
necticut act? God forbid that I should reproach
either State! My heart is big enough and national
enough to take in all New England as a part of
my country, arid exult in all that is bright and
glorious in her annals.
When, however, I heard the gentleman from
Connecticut, [Mr. Ferry,] and the gentleman
from Massachusetts, hurling their thunderbolts
against the treason and rebellion of the South,
it occurred to me they were oblivious of the
fact that both their States had, in their history,
set South Carolina memorable examples of re-
sistance to the Federal Government, which was
practical in its character, and was claimed by Mas-
sachusetts to be " one of the reserved rights of the
Stale." What are the facts? On the 12th of April,
1812, a requisition was made on the several States
for onehundred thousand volunteers,and to beap-
portioned in a certain ratio among the States, for
the purposes of the war. Under this requisition
of the War Department, General Dearborn made
a requisition upon Connecticut and Massachusetts
for their ratio. Caleb Strong was then Governor
of Massachusetts. When the requisition was
made on him by General Dearborn, under the act
of Congress, to furnish troops, he sent a letter to
Mr. Eustis, the then Secretary of War, claiming
that the President of the United States was not
authorized, under the Federal Constitution, to
judge of the exigencies in which the miiitia should
be called out; that he had consulted the supreme
court of Massachusetts, and that that court con-
curred with him in opinion; that Massachusetts
had, under the reserved rights in the amendments
to the Federal Constitution, a right to resist the
Federal Government; that she had determined to
do so, and that to yield an acquiescence would be
to make this a grand military despotism, to which
she never intended to submit, but would resist
at all hazards For the sake of history, I propose
now to read what these judges said; and I would
remark here, that no Representative from the State
of Massachusetts can say that South Carolina
has ever gone further in the claim of resistance
under the reserved rights of the States, to nullify
or abrogate the tics that bind her to this Confed-
eracy.
I will read first the opinion of the judges of the
supreme court of Massachusetts given to the Gov-
ernor:
To his Exccllenci/ the Governor and the honorable the Coun-
cil of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts :
The undersigned, justices, oi the supieme judicial court,
have considered tluMjtie^tions proposed by your Excellency
and honors for their opinion :
iiy the constitution of tins State, the authority of com-
manding the milma of the Commonwealth i=< vested exclu-
sively in the Governor, who has all the poweis incident to
the office of command* r-iu-chief, and is to exeici-^e them
personally, or by snboidmatc oflieer^ undei Ins command,
agroeahly to the rules and regulations of the Constitution
and the law? of the land.
While the Govemoi ot the Commonwealth remained in
the cceicise of these powci*, the Federal Constitution was
ratified, !>v which win vested in the Congress a power to
provide lor calling faith the militia to execute the laws ol the
New Series—No. 10.
Union, suppress insurrections, and repel invasions, and to
provide tor governing such parts of them as may be em-
ployed in the sci vice of the United States, reservingto the
States, ic«pectivcly, the appointment of the officers.
The Federal Constitution further provides that the Pres-
ident tshall be commander-in-chief of the Army of the Uni-
ted States, and of the militia of the several States, when
called into the actual service of the United States.
On the consti action ot the Federal and State constitu-
tions mu-t depend the answers to the several questions
pioposed. As the militia of the. several States maybe em-
ployed m the service of the United States, for the three
specific purposes of executing the laws of the Union, of
suppressing insurrection*, and of repelling invasions, the
opinion ot the judges is requested whether the command-
ors-in-chief of the miiitia of the several States have a right
to deteimme whether any of the exigencies aforesaid exist,
so as to require them to place the miiitia, or any pait of it,
in the service ot the United States, at the request of the
rresulent, to be commanded by him pursuant to acts of
Congicss.
It is the opinion of the undersigned that this right is
vested m the commanders-in-chief of the militia of the
seveial State-.
The Federal Constitution provides that, whenever either
of these exigencies exist, the militia may be employed, pur-
suant to some act of Congress, in the service ot the United
States; but no power is given, either to the Prcsidentorto
the Congress, to determine that either of the said exigen-
cies do in fact exist. As this power is not delegated to the
United States, by the Federal Constitution, nor prohibited
by it to the States, it is leserved to the States, respectively ;
and, from the nature of the power, it must be exercised by
those with whom the States have, respectively, intrusted
the chief command of the mihtia.
it is the duty of thpse commanders to execute this im-
poitant trust agreeably to the laws of their several States,
respectively, without refeicnco to the laws or officers of
the United States, m all cases except those specially pro-
vided in the Federal Constitution. They must, therefore,
determine when either of the special cases exist, obliging
them to lelinquish the execution of this trust, and to ren-
der themselves, and the mihtia, subject to the command of
the President. A different construction, giving to Congress
the right to determine when these special cases exist, au-
thorizing them to call foith the whole of the militia, and
taking them tiom the commanders-in-chief of the several
States, and subjecting them to the command of the Presi-
dent, would place all the militia, in cliect, at the will of
Congress,and produce u military consolidation ot the States,
without any constitutional lemedy, against the intentions
ol the people when latifymg the Constitution. Indeed,
cilice passing the acl ot Congress, of February 2b, 1795, chap.
101, vesting m the President the power of calling forth the
militia, when the exigencies mentioned in the Constitution
shall eust, if the President has the power of determining
when those exigencies exist, the militia of the seveial States
i«, in effect, at his command, and subject to his control.
No inconveniences can leasonably be presumed to result
from the consti uction which vests in the commanders-in-
chief ot the militia of the several States the right of determ-
ining when the exigencies exist, obliging them to place the
militia in the service of the United Slates. These exigen-
cies aie ot such a nature, that the existence of them can be
easily ascertained bv, oi made known to, the eommander-
in chief of the militia, and, when ascertained, the public
intciest will pioduce pionipl obedience to the acts ofCon-
giess.
Another question proposed to the consideration of the
judges is, whether, when either oi the exigencies exist au-
thorizing the employing of the rnihtin in the service of the
[Tinted States, the mihtia thus employed can be lawfully
commanded by any officer but ol the militia, except by the
President of the United States ?
The Federal Constitution declares that the President
shall be commander-in-chief of the Army of the United
States. He may undoubtedly exercise this command by
otli'-'er^ ol the Army of the United States, bv him commis-
sioned aeeoiding to law. The President is also declared to
be the commaniler-m-chiet of the militia of the ^eveial
States, when called into the actual service of the United
States. The ofiieeis of the militia arc to bo appointed bv
the States; and the President may exeieise his command
of the militia by officers of the milma duly appointed.
But we know uf no constitutional provision authorizing
anv ollieei of the Arniv of the United States to command
the miiitia, or authorizing any officer ot the militia to com-
mand the Aimy of the United States. The Congiess may
piovide laws for the government oi the mihtia, when in ac-
tual service, but to extend thn power to the placing them
under the command of an officer not of the militia, except
the Picsident, would lender nugatoiy the piovi«ion, that
the mihtia are to have otiiceis appointed by the Stales.
The union of the militia in the actual service of the Uni-
ted Stares with tioops of the United States, so far as to form
one Army, seems to he a csv>e not provided for or contem-
plated in the Constitution. It is, theiefore, not within our
depaitment to determine on whom the command would
devolve on such an emeigency, m the absence of the Pres-
ident; whether one officer, either of the militia, or of the
Aim> ot the United States, to be settled according to mil-
itary rank, should command the whole; whethci the corps
must be commanded by theii tespectivc officeis, acting m
conceit iis allied forces; or what other expedient should he
adopted, are questions to be answered by otheis.
The undersigned regret that the distance of the other jus-
tices of the supieme judicial court rendeisit impracticable
to obtain their opuuons, sea^onablv. upon the questions
submitted. TflEOPUILUS PARSONS,
SAMUEL SRVVALL,
ISAAC PAUKElt.
Now, sir, that is the opinion of the judges of
the Supreme Court. Here is the answer of the
Governor, acting on that opinion, declining to
furnish the quota of men of Massachusetts, which
quota never was furnished during the«6tire war.
What does he say?
"Although many of the most important attributes of
sovereignty are given by the Constitution to the Govern-
ment of the Unued States, yet there are some which still ,
belong to the Statcgovernments. Of these, one of the most
essential is the entire control of the militia; except in the
emergencies above mentioned, this has not been delegated
to the United States. It is therefore reserved to the States
respectively; and whenever it shall be taken from thorn,
and a consolidation of the military force of the States shall
be effected, the security ot the State governments will be
lost, and they will wholly depend for their existence upon
the moderation and forbearance of the national Govern-
ment.
<c X have been fully disposed to comply with the require-
ments of the Constitution of the United State*?, and the laws
made in pursuance of it, and sincerely regretted that any
request could be made by an officer ot the national Govern-
ment to which I could not constitutionally conform* Bu>
it appeal 6 to me that the requisition aforesaid was of that
character ; and f was under the same obligation to main-
tain the rights of the State as to support the Constitution
of the United States. If the demand was not warranted by
the Constitution, I should have violated my duty in.a most
important point, if I had attempted to enforce it, and had
thereby assisted in withdrawing the militia from the right-
ful authority of the State."—Niles's Register, vol. 3, p. 117.
I hope the Representatives from New England
will therefore find, in the solemn adjudications
of the supreme court of Massachusetts, and in the
answer of herGovernor to the Government of the
United States, in a time of war with aforeigrc na-
tion, that if Massachusetts and Connecticut were
sensitively jealous of the rights reserved to the
States,slaveholding Representatives on this floor,
with threats of coercion, and United States troops
guarding the District, with prepared force bills,
&c., must be excused. for exhibiting at least as
much sensitive jealousy for our respective States
in times like these, where are now the com-
punctions of conscience of New England, when
the attempt is made to strike down State rights
and deny either a revolutionary right or a consti-
tutional right of secession—the despotic heresy,
boldly claimed by some, of a rteht to force States
into the Union at the point of the bayonet? We
heard of none of these threats of force from Mr.
MadisonagainstMassachuscttsand Connecticut,
although they never did obey the requisition. Re-
publican Representatives, this is all wrong. This
spirit of force dishonors your ancestry and ours,
who looked to popular love, popular necessity,
and popular safety as the basis of their Union.
Let the spirit of love and forbearance which ani-
mated them inspire us. Let us accept the Crit-
tenden propositions; let us compromise these
questions now and forever. Then, sir, we shall
prove ourselves worthy of this great heritage.
But I am told that the Republican party cannot
take these propositions, because your platform
will not permit you. Gentlemen, burn on your
country's altars all allegiance to party platforms;
and if you still have the same sort of pride that
inspires South Carolina to reject all efforts to
bring her back, let the peace congress, which is
soon to assemble here, adopt these amendments
as a common basis of settlement, in which North
and South can meet without a sacrifice of pride
or principle. Let this ultimatum be presented in
the spirit of a genuine fidelity to the Constitution
and the Union; and let us all meet again around
a common altar, and devoutly praise God and
rejoice at our preservation.
But I am told that to recognize and adopt these
amendments would open all Mexico to filibuster-
ing, and that the whole of Mexico would be ulti-
mately brought in as slave States. Let me beg
you to add another amendment to the proposi-
tionsofthe distinguished Senatorfrom Kentucky.
Its adoption would obviate every difficulty. Let
the Senate be divided into two classes, one from
the slave States and the other from the free States.
Whenever five States demand a vote by classes
on measures involving the acquisition of territory
or the status of slavery, let a majority of both
classes be required for the passage of the measure.
Then you check one class with the other; then
there can be no imposition, no injustice. Then
we shall stop all fanaticism, nil force, in our Ter-
ritories, because no injustice can be done, no
matter who people the Territory first. There will
be no indecent legislation with the view of an in-
crease of political power. We shall have a mutual
confidence in each other; and by the amendments
to the Constitution, we will have a mutual check
on cach other. Then we shall go on in this noble
