1861.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
36tii Cong....2d Sess.
State of the Union—Mr. Hughes.
Ho. of Reps.
will with your hosts, and you will never find our
backs upon the foe ? Downstricken wc may be—
you may cast these vestures of flesh to your vul-
tures of fanaticism; but the spirits which animate
them can never be enslaved.
STATE OF THE UNION,
SPEECH OF HON. G. W. HUGHES,
OP MARYLAND,
In the House of Representatives,
February 5, 1861.
The House having under consideration the report from
the seiect committee of thirty-ttiree—
Mr. HUGHES said:
Mr. Speaker: Wc are in " the midst of a rev-
olution, as yet, thank God, bloodless." How long
it may continue peaceful will depend, in no small
degree, upon the wisdom, patriotism, and mod-
eration of this House. We arc here, however
humble and unimportant many of us may be—
as all of us are in comparison with the great events
now transpiring—enactinghistory, with the world
for an audience; and depend upon it that not
only our cotemporaries, but posterity, will hold
each and every one of us to a fearful accounta-
bility.
The torch of civil discord flares balefully and
malignantly over a distracted land; States are sepa-
rating from the Confederacy; men arc organizing
and arming in every part of this Union, and the
unusual sounds of war are heard in every peace-
ful glen; and yet nothing is done to avert the im-
pending calamity, which threatens to become the
greatest that has ever befallen the human race.
Day by day we sit in this Hall,passing the ordi-
nary appropriations for the support of Govern-
ment, and squabbling over unimportant amend-
ments, givingaway, with lavish hands, our vast
domain of public lands, and, with a bankrupt
Treasury, incurring debts to the amount of hun-
dreds of millions of dollars, as if peace and tran-
quillity and prosperity reigned supreme within
our borders.
It would be an easy task now—easier some
weeks ago—to compose existing difficulties; but
even as it is, I much fear, paradoxical as it may
seem, that it is nearly impossible. It would be
an easy task if the members of this House would
bring to its performance self-abnegation, sound
sense, and calm reflection, divested of prejudice
and of passion. It is only necessary that they
should do that which is right, and avoid that which
is wrong; that they should act under a sense of
the high responsibility devolved upon them as the
Representatives of the people. In a word, that
we should all of us conscientiously discharge our
duty. It was well and eloquently said, on a mem-
orable occasion, by our own great orator,ii a sense
of duty pursues us ever. If we take to ourselves
the wings of the morning, and dwell in the utter-
most parts of the sea, duty performed or duty
violated is still with us for our happiness or our
misery. If we say the darkness shall cover us,
in the darkness, as in the light, our obligations are
still with us. We cannot escape their power or
fly from their presence."
When Admiral Lord Nelson was about to en-
gage the allied fleet at Trafalgar, the signal flew
from the mast head of his ship," England expects
every man to do his duty;" and in response to
that appeal, there rose from sea to sky one wide
wild hutrah—the harbingerof victoiy. With how
much more propriety may the appeal be made to
the Representatives of the American people, in
the hour of danger to come forward and do their
duty; for never in the history of our country, in
peace or in war, has she stood more in need of
the best services of her sons; for never before have
more important questions been agitated, and more
serious consequences likely to flow. The prob-
lem to be solved is not less momentous than the
preservation of the Union. The experiment is to
he finally tried whether or not the people of this
country are really capable of an intelligent self-
government; whether we shall remain a great, a
powerful, and a united people, or be shattered into
fragments; whether peace and prosperity and or-
der shall roijjn throughout the land, or " chaos
come a^ain." Upon the speechesand votcsofthc
gentlemen on this floor these grave consequences
may depend.
I much fear, sir, that we are fast drifting to-
wards the verge of that fearful cataract beyond
which lies inevitable destruction; which the sa-
gacious mind of Washington apprehended, and
against the approach to which he raised his warn-
ing voice. Should the plunge be taken, all is
over. The history of free governments will be
closed, never to be reopened. The cause of hu-
man rights and of human liberty will have per-
ished forever. I express mysfclf thus strongly
bccause I am gloomily impressed with the future
Of our country, if the threatened disruption of our
Government should not be arrested; or, if itmust
needs be dissolved into its original elements, a
peaceable separation should not be effected. And
I confess that I now have little hopes of either.
It has been said "that those whom the
mean to destroy they first strike with judicial
blindness, and then drive them mad." It is to be
feared that we may offer a striking illustration of
the truth of that saying in our own history. It
may be that God, in His anger, is about visiting
us with a just chastisement for sins committed or
for duties unperformed ! It may be that wc have
fallen short of our high mission, and have failed
to accomplish our allotted destiny; that, while
we enjoyed the inestimable blessings of our po-
litical system, we had forgotten that we held a
precious trust for the benefit of posterity. This
trust we can honorably discharge only by re-
specting the example of our fathers, and trans-
mitting it unsullied to our descendants. Wemust
inculcate in our children their glorious precepts;
cherish their republican principles; imitate their
simplicity and economy; and strengthen the in-
stitutions which they established. These institu-
tions form a wise and safe system of government,
to which we should adhere with a religious devo-
tion. And above all, let us not forget that our
national Constitution, under the shadow and pro-
tection of whose wing we have grown to be a
mighty people, was the result of a mutual com-
promise of various and conflicting interests, feel-
ings, and jealousies; and that it can be sustained
only by the same sacrifices and compromises; by
a steady adherence to the great and immutable
principles of justice; and by preserving inviolate
its conditions and guarantees.
It is not too much to suy that the ingenuity of
man could not possibly devise a form of govern-
ment better adapted, m all its parts, to the geo-
graphical position of the States to each other, in
reference of the whole to other nations, to our
wants and to our necessities. It presents the har-
mony and order of the solar system, in which
each particular planet, keeping within its own
prescribed limits, and moving within its own
orbit, revolves around the common center; nor
can one " shoot madly from its sphere" without
disturbing the equilibrium of all. By such an
eccentric course on the part of a State, our whole
confederate system might be destroyed. And
where is the masterspirit, where the creative mind,
that could again call it back and restore it to its
natural position? As well might we attempt to
" provoke the silent dust" or expect true life from
galvanizing a corps!
Our Union, by leaving to each State the unre-
stricted regulation of its internal and domestic
affairs, and admitting each to a fair participation
in the power and honors of the General Gov-
ernment, is capable of infinite exjiansion without
incurring the danger, on the one hand, of central-
ization, or on the other, of breaking asunder by
the weight of its extremities. By this reasonable
arrangement the centripetal and centrifugal forces
of our political system are held in justequilibrium;
and a perfect harmony of interest and action may
thus be maintained between different members of
the Confederacy, notwithstanding an occasional
perturbation which may for a while cxertits dis-
turbing influences. The federation can as well
embrace within its fraternal arms a hundred as
thirteen States, and with each sovereign increment
gain in dignity and power.
Before proceeding to a discussion of the rem-
edies to be applied for the correction of the evils
that surround us, it may be well to pause for a
moment to ascertain the nature of the causes which
have led to this perilous condition of our public
affairs. When a man is ill, " sick, and nigh unto
death," when there is not breath enough remain-
ing in him to disturb a feather or to dim the bright
surface ofa mirror, the physician may yet cling to
the liope that, by discovering and removing tho
cause of the disease, by skillful treatment, he tnay
restore the patien t (i f h i s constitulion be unimpaired)
to his former health and vigor. When we see, as
at present, almost universal disaffection pervading
fifteen out of the thirty-three States of the Con-
federacy, whose people have been ever loyal to
the Government, devoted to its political institu-
tions, and proud of its wealth, its glory, and its
power, who have shown their loyalty and devo-
tion on a hundred fields of battle, consecrated by
the best blood of their sons, from the Canadasto
the halls of the Montezumas, and from tho At-
lantic to the Pacific ocean, it is worse than idle—
it is mischievous—to pretend to believe that there
is no real cause for this wide-spread discontent.
There are, no doubt, lawless men to be found
in every portion of our country, as there have been
in all times and all countries, of broken and des-
perate fortunes, ever ready for civil strife and rev-
olution, impelled by the same motives that lead
the incendiary to apply the torch to a building in
the hope of snatching plunder from beneath the
falling rafters, even at the peril of his own worth-
less life. But this cannot be said of the great mass
of our countrymen, who are law-loving and law-
abiding, and too intelligent not to know that their
true interests lie in the cultivation of the arts of
peace, in which they have been surpassed by no
other people since the world began. It was said
by Hobbs that" the natural state of man is a state
of war of all against all;" but we rejected that
infidel philosophy at the commencement of our
Government. With us, war is but an episode,
to be resorted to only as a last resort, whilst peace
is our normal condition and established policy.
One of the worst signs of the times is to sec gath-
ering around us, in full activity, the class of men
to whom I have referred, as the ominous bird of
oceiin is seen only in storms, and finds her tiue
clement in tempests.
Mr. Speaker, it is my disposition to deal with
all questions fairly ana frankly. The times are
too momentous, the issues too important, the crisis
too grave and imminent, to be treated otherwise
than by an appeal to intelligence, to conscience,
and to patriotism. It is neither my habit nor my
taste to abuse individuals, much less bodies of
men; for I desire to believe the masses of all par-
ties are sincere, and that they arc only carrying
out their real convictions to their legitimate con-
clusions. But they may even be sometimes right
in the abstract, and yet wrong in the concrete;
and we know that honest prejudicesare often made
use of by designing demagogues to effect great
private injuries and public wrongs. The gentle
Isabella of Spain, whose womanly feelings re-
volted at the idea of cruelty in every form, was
induced to believe that she was doing God's work
when she introduced the accursed Inquisition into
her vast dominions, a fatal gift which has clung to
her succcssors like the shirt of Nessus. James II of
England, tyrant, profligate,fanatic, and imbecile
as he was, was honest in his religious convictions;
for, as the jeering courtiers of Louis XIV said,
when they met him in exile at St. Germains, he
gave three Crowns for a mass.
History abounds with such examples. The
great historian of England, in speaking of the
Master of Stair, the contriver of the brutal mas-
sacre at Glencoe, says:
" We daily see men do for their party, for their sect, for
their country, for their favorite schemes of political and
social reform, what they would notdo to enrich or to avenge
themselves. At a temptation directly addressed to our pri-
vate cupidity, or to our private animosity, whatever virtue
wc have take-? die alarm. But virtue itself may contribute
to the fall of him who imagines that it is in his power, by
violating some general rule of morality, to confer an import-
ant benefit onaChurch,on a Commonwealth, on mankind.
He silences the remonstrances of conscience, and hardens
his heart against the most touching spectacles of misery, by
repeating to himself that his intentions are pure; that his
objects are noble; that he is doing a little evil for the sake
of a great good. By degrees, he conies altogether to forget
the turpitude of the means in the excellence ol the end ;
and at length perpetrates, without one internal twinge, acts
wbich would shock a buccaneer. There is no reason to
believe that Dominic would, for the best archbishopric in
Christendom,have incited ferocious marauders to plunder
and slaughter a peaceful and industrious population ; that
Everaul Digby would lor a dukedom have blown a l?uge
