732
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 4,
privilege of navigating and using; ail ports and
harbors in that neighborhood. Who believes that
he has any control over them? Nobody can be-
lieve that he can confer any such privileges. No
doubt Mr. Thompson has been induced to make
this offer by the example of the ancient speculator
who, from the top of a high mountain, offered the
kingdoms of the earth, which he did not own an
inch of. [Laughter.]
But he has granted something more. He has
granted the right to transport troops and muni-
tions of-war across this road. Does not the grant
from New Granada provide that troops and mu-
nitions of war belonging to a foreign Government
shall not pass over that road unless with its con-
sent? Certainly it does. Butmyfriendsays,why,
to be sure, we had better pay this and then get
permission from the Government of New Gra-
nada. My idea is, that we had better get permis-
sion first, and when we have obtained it, in my
opinion, we are in a condition to know exactly
what we are getting for our money. When we
buy from Mr. Thompson, or this company, we
get no privilege. By the language of his grant,
any infraction of its provisions, it is stated, shall
be its revocation. That is not all. Mr. Thomp-
son is fully authorized to transfer his privileges
to any person orpersons, company or companies,
with the sole condition that that road shall be
improved; but in no case can he transfer any of
them to any foreign Government. After that,
will anybody tell me what we are after ? [Laugh-
ter.] Will anybody tell me what it is we are
to get ?
1 admit- that Costa Rica, which lies north and
adjoining New Granada, has granted to Mr.
Thompson, since the contract was first drawn
out, the right to make a railroad, and put it into
operation, from the gulf of Golfito to the Pacific
ocean, about one hundred miles. In the first
place, has he any title ? By the terms of the grant,
he was to build that road and put it into opera-
tion before he got a title. Not only that. He
was, at the expiration of six months from the time
his contract was approved, to deposit $100,000 in
the treasury of Costa Rica. Six months have ex-
pired, and §100,000 remains yet undeposited. The
honorable gentleman from New York said that
the grant had not been approved by the Congress
of Costa Rica; and that, therefore, the six months
yet remained. If that be so, then why are we
asked to buy the grant as good, if it has not yet
been approved ? It has never been before the Con-
gress of Costa Rica; and we do not know that it
will be approved. We are asked,sir, to pay the
$300,000 before it is pretended the grant has any
validity.
Not only that. By the very terms of the grant,
we have no right to it. Why do I say that ? In
the grant of Costa Rica, (page CO of the report,)
theie are a few essential clauses. 1 will read:
" Art. 14. The gianteest-hal! not at any time be permitted
to disembark 01 truii^ poi t, nor consent to the tr.mspoitatiori
or disembarkation, at any time whatsoever ncior^ the rail-
aoad, ot troop,, arms, munitions ot w,ir belonging to any
foreign Government, or to individuals or private societies,
[companies.J The Republic oi Costa Kica only shall pos-
sess this l iglit.5'1
That excludes the United States Government,
as well as filhbuster expeditions, from acquiring
the rights under the grant to Mr. Thompson. 1
will read further:
"Tin; infraction of this article by the grantee*, their
agents, or those charged with the direction and adminis-
tration of the enterprise, thai! forthwith woik as a complete
nullity and forfeiture ol tiie pi e-^ent contract m all and every-
one of it? parts, and the confiscation, not only of Mich arms
and munitions of war, but also of the raihoad and all its
works and hxtuie^'5
Mr. Thompson has consented that we shall dis-
embark troops there; that we shall disembark
munitions of war; and, by the clause I havejust
read, it will be seen, by so consenting, he has
forfeited alt light* and privileges under the grant ;
himself. That is not ail. X will read again:
" Art. IS The grantees at no tune shall he at libeitv,
under penalu ot foiieii.ng all the privileges of this contract,
to tranM.-r 01 to cede to any foreign Go\ eminent the erant
ot cuncc^ion* and pwvilegus, made to the.m by virtue ot the
present contract."
Can a member in Congress, having the public
money in charge, vote to purchase that? Let the
yeas and nays show such members to the coun-
try. I read again:
" Akt. 20. Tiie giantees, as a guarantee for the fulfill-
ment ot the obligations inclined by the present connact.
shall deposit in the national trcasuiy of the Republic, six
months after the approval thereof by Congress, the sum of
$100,000 in cash, which amount shall be returned to them
in the same form, and without interest, on the completion
of the railroad."
The time fixed has expired, and yet not one
dollar of that sum has yet been deposited. I do
not think it ever will be. What do we get by the
purchase, then? Nothingatall. If we pass this
appropriation, then we will pay out the public
money without getting anything for it.
But suppose he had the right to grant the privi-
lege to Congress: is there a railroad there? Not
at all. Has the first spadeful of earth been thrown
up? Has it been located ? Not at all. What are
we buying? We are buying the privilege of trans-
porting our troops and munitions of war over a
railroad, which we are prohibited from doing by
the contract itself. The railroad has never been
begun, never been located, and there is no guar-
antee that it ever will be located or laid out and
finished. I>nt whether that be so or not, it is
enough for us, I think, to propose buying the
privilege when it is worth buying.
I do not know that I know anything about rail-
roads myself, although it has been my fortune to
be president of one for about six or seven years.
I do know that some of these little Republics of
Central America know more about railroads upon
paper than anywhere else. Anybody who knows
anything about railroads, however, knows from
the report of this engineer that it is the emanation
of a man who is deceived, or of an ignorant man.
He states that the average of the grades between
the two oceans is five hundred and eighty feet;
but that it can be reduced to two hundred and
ninety feet by doubling—that is by running twenty
miles this way then twenty miles that, and so on.
Does anybody believe a railroad can ever be put
into operation upon such grades? Why, sir, you
cannot erect a railroad with any advantage with
curves of a radius less than five hundred feet, and
then only when the grade docs not exceed forty
feet to the mile. So say all the authorities upon
the subject. An attempt to make a railroad with
two hundred and ninety feet grade by doubling,
or cutting it off by tunneling to reduce it to that
grade, is a matter of the imagination. You might
as well attempt to make a railroad to a place where
I hope to go, but which I never knew worked to
advantage but by one individual, who had both
fiery steeds and. an iron chariot, as to attempt to
scale such mountains by any power which man
possesses.
But we are told by the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Sickles,] that now is the accepted
time, and now is the day of salvation; that if we
lose this opportunity, we shall never again get
such an offer; that there are moneyed men in New
York willing to give four or five times as much
for this privilege; that England will get it; that
France will get it; and that we must get it now
or never. Why, if gentlemen will look at it, they
will see that Mr. Thompson does not grant to the
United States an exclusive right; and that if we
were to buy this ptivilege for $300,000, the same
privilege may be sold to-morrow to these shrewd
men in New York, and the same privilege could
be sold to England or to France, because the right
they propose to sell us is not an exclusive one.
And there will be room enough over those mount-
ains for all of us. This cry about other Govern-
ments is the same.cry that annexed Texas, and
may yet seize Cuba. It is one of those fallacies
which ought not to operate upon a sensible Con-
gress. The gentleman from Maine, with great
and laudable zeal, is for an extended commerce,
and he has painted to you in glowing colois the
advantages of commerce. Why, sir, Eve was to
make a great deal of eating by partaking of for-
bidden fruit; and we are to make a great deal by
stealing a grant which we have no right to buy,
and a privilege which then can never be enjoyed.
Who believes that the commerce from ocean to
ocean will cross at this point? Who, while the
Isthmus has twenty places narrower than this,
believes that anybody in the intercstof theChiri-
qui company grant will lay out a dollar of the sum
we propose to give to them ? The gentleman from
Maine said we would go on and improve it. The
gentleman shakes his head. That is right; because
there is no power given to the United States. If :
Thompson and St. James Agnew do not make :
this road, there will be no improvement of it, be- |
cause the United Suites has no such power. We j
gain nothing but the right to use a road which
is not in existence, and which never will be in
existence.
I submit to the House whether the statements
I have made are not founded upon the testimony
in this report; and whether, if there be one disin-
terested man here—and I know they are all dis-
interested—he can cast his vote for this monstrous
measure?
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. Mr. Chairman,
it has been my purpose, since this matter has been
under debate, to take some part in the discussion
before the House, and I had hoped to do so when
I should have the opportunity to occupy a whole
hour; and I am especially sorry that it falls to my
lot to have only the last half hour allowed to this
discussion, because,following the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens,] whohas just taken
his seat, I feel that a little more ought to be de-.
voted to the subject.
I am a young man, and one of my great duties
as such in a deliberative assembly, is to learn; and
I feel that I ought to express, in all humility, my
gratitude to the gentleman from Pennsylvania for
the specimen which he has afforded to me of an
able and pertinent debate, upon a question of
large commercial importance. 1 have known va-
rious processes by which subjects in this House
have been killed. I have seen them struck down
by the strong hand of argument; I have seen them
overcome by bursts of eloquence; but I have never
before seen a subject so attempted to be stung to
death by small ridicule as this has been by my dis-
tinguished friend from Pennsylvania. Now, sir,
I owe it to myself, as one of the Committee on
Naval Affairs, who assented to the report of this
bill; as one of the members of this House, who
at the last session took part in the debate and ad-
vocated this measure; and I owe it to my self-re-
spect, after the attack of the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, to bring to the attention of this House
the real points of this case, which, for some pur-
pose or other, he has not presented, except to place
them in an absurd light, and for the purpose of
attacking them with ridicule.
Why, one would suppose there was really
nothing in this question; that there was nothing
of merit to commend it to the judgment of mem-
bers; and that there was too little of honesty in it
to allow conscientious members to vote for it. This
measure has passed the other branch of Congress
by thirty-eightagainsteightnegative votes. It has
received in the Senate the consent of me very best
men in that body—the oldest, the gravest, and
most reputable Senators of the United States. It
has received, both as to its title and as to its com-
mercial importance, upon which it appeals to us,
the sanction of this nearly unanimous vote. It
has received the sanction of the Navy Depart-
ment. Its title papers have been submitted to the
examination of the Attorney General of the Uni-
ted States, and the Attorney General has pro-
nounced them to be in all respects competent and
valid. The whole question, by the direction of
Congress at the last session, has been subjected to
examination by a commission appointed for that
purpose, upon which Congress has expended
$10,000. That commission has returned; and its
report, made by scientific gentlemen, and compe-
tent gentlemen, who have not been assailed upon
this floor, gives entire indorsement to every claim
which this matter made to Congress at its last
session.
There is not a single point of objection made
upon this floor at the last session 'of Congress
against this Chiriqui grunt which has not been
entirely met, and conclusively met, by the report
of this commission. And yet, when the Attorney
General has certified to the validity of the title;
when the Government of the United States has
deliberately contracted with the parties upon the
faith and validity of that title; after a commission
ofthe United States Government has gone out and
made an examination into the practical value of
the matter; after that commission has returned,
fully certifying each and every point refericd to
them; and after the Senate has, by an almost unan-
imous vote, indorsed the scheme, gentlemen gut
up here and, between a sneer and a laugh, whistle
it down the wind; and honorable gentlemen, it
does seem to me, are almost afraid, under the in-
fluence of the sneer and because of the laughter,
to bring themselves up to the question in the fair
light of the facts and the law which relates to it,
