348
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 5,
36th Coxg....2d Sess
State of the Union—Mr. Hughes.
Ho. of Reps.
assembly of people into the ail; or that Robespierre would
h;\ve murdered tor lure one of the thousands whom lie mur-
dered from philanthropy."
Something like such a man, 1 fancy to be a
celebrated northern philanthropist; able, religious,
(according to his own standard,) and benevolent,
whose very virtues arc sometimes vices, and who
lends his talents, character, and money to the ac-
complishment of purposes which, ill his cooler
moments, he could not himself contemplate with-
out a shudder. From such considerations, we
may arrive at the conclusion that nothing can be
mnre dangerous than fanaticism in morals, in re-
ligion, or in politics; and that no man can be cer-
tain of" being right, unless his actions are based on
the eternal principles of justice and of truth
The origin of the difficulties which now environ
us, and threaten the violent disruption of our Gov-
ernment,may be traced back for many years; and,
indeed, may be said to be coeval with the forma-
tion of the Constitution. In the beginning they
were slight, and such as might have been natu-
rally expected to arise after the organization of a
new Government, whose powers were not yet
clearly ascertained, extending over a wide range
of territory; whose inhabitants, although derived
mainly from a common stock, were by no means
homogeneous, and operating upon complicated
and, in many cases, diverse interests. Nothing,
however, occtu red seriously to endanger the Fed-
eral Government, or to paralyze its power, until
1812, when a Democratic Congress, with a south-
em President, declared war against the most pow-
erful monarchy of modern times, not only to
resent repeated insults to the national flag, but
to protect the peculiar interests of New England
against the wanton and persistent aggressions of
the British Crown. Then was heard for the first
time this fearful cry of disunion; then, for the
first time, was the authority of this Government
derided and set at naught. It is well known—it
is a matter of history—that during the adminis-
tration of Mr. Jefferson, a distinguished states-
man of Massachusetts charged the dominant party
of New England with a design to dissolve the
Union and form a separate confederacy. And it
is also well known that that same distinguished
gentleman, when President, and a candidate for
reelection, in 1828, with manly independence, not
only emphatically reiterated the clmrge, but adds
that that design was entertained for ten years,
from 180-1 to 181*1; and further says:
That piojrt t, I repeat, ["of a nonhci n confedeiaey] had
gone to the length of fixing upon u niiUtiuy leader tor its
execution.''
And what was the principal grievance of which
they complained ? Why, simply the acquisition
of Louisiana.
Tiie first disunion speech ever delivered in Con-
gress was by Josiah Q.uincy, of Massachusetts,
in ivlation to the Louisiana enabling act of* Jan-
uary 14, ISll. He then said:
" 1 inn compelled to declare it a<? my deliberate opinion
that, if tliN hill passes, the bond-, of this Union are virtu-
ally dissolved; that the States which compose U are fiee
from their munil obligation*; and th.it, a-* it will be ilio
right of all, so it will he the duty of some, to prepare defi-
nitely for a separation—amicably if they can, violently if
they muat."
Those who feel curious on this subject arc re-
ferred to a letter treating of these matters in the
fullest detail, from John Gluincy Adams, dated
Washington, December 30, 1828, in reply to W.
G. Otis and others, citizens of Massachusetts, to
which I have briefly alluded, as I shall to some
other matters, in no spirit of unkindncss to any
portion of the country, but as a historical illus-
tration of some of the causes, more or less re-
mote, which have led us to the brink of dissolu-
tion, and for the purpose of showing: our New
England brethren that this cry of treason, rebel-
lion, and the enforcement of the laws, comes with
an ill grace from that section of the Union.
Mr. Gallatin, one of the negotiator of the treaty
of Ghent, in a long and interesting communica- ||
tion to Mr. Monroe, soon after the signing" of the !!
treaty of peace, amongst other things, sa}rs: j|
" It was t'ifi State of Massachusetts. ttie State by eon- jj
stunted authority, which, by vittual rebellion and sedition, |l
thwarted the national Government, and eneomaged the i*
enemy.'1—1 Ingersoll, second series, vol. 2, p. 61. |j
So far was this feeling of hostility carried, that
a high Federal authority threatened that—
"On the 4th July, [1814,) if James Madison Unot out ot
office, a new foim of government will be m operation in
the eastern section of the Union.'"—Federal Republican.
1&14.
Passing down to a later period—and I have time
only to glance at the transaction—we find Mas-
sachusetts declaring, substantially, that, if Texas
should be admitted into the Union, she would go
out of it. Well, sir, Texas is in; and I suppose
Massachusetts, according to her own resolve, is
outside..
Then, again, we find her general court legis-
lating a judge of the probate court, who happened
to be a commissioner of the United States, out of
office, because he had executed the fugitive slave
law. This same gentleman had previously been
expelled from the chair of law professor at Har-
vard for the same offense. Not satisfied with
this, she nullifies an act of Congress by passing
what is called a personal liberty bill; the effect,
and probably the intention, of which is to inter-
rupt or prevent the execution of the fugitive slave
law within her boundaries.
Some of the most eminent jurists of Massachu-
setts have pronounced the personal liberty bill
as being in direct conflict with the actof Congress
passed in pursuance of the Constitution; and yet,
she obstinately refuses to repeal it, and still claims
to remain in the Union. X^o carry out this de-
termined resistance to the laws ofthe United States,
and to exhibit by unmistakable actions her hos-
tility to the South, she commanded her lawyers
not to engage in the service of a slaveholder in
reclaiming his fugitive, under pain of being thrown
over the bar and subjected to heavy penalties of
fine and imprisonment. I am happy to say that
tins most odious provision has been repealed.
Mr. Justice Story, in delivering the opinion of
the Supreme Court in the case of Prigg ds. the
Statu of Pennsylvania, says, after grouping to-
gether the two provisions of the second section of
the fourth article of the Constitution relating to
the rendition of fugitives from justice and from
labor:
" The olamo manifestly contemplates the existence of a
positive, unqualified light on the pint of the ownei of the
Mave, which no State law or regulation e;tn, in any way,
qualify, leynlate, conhol, or ic-tiain. The >dave is not to
be diM-haisred I'toni i-emce oi labor in consequence of any
Slate law or logulntiou Now, eeitauiK, without indulg-
ing in anv meet) ol < i iu< imii upon woul^, it may faitly and
iea-onably be said that anj Stale law, oi .State legnlation.
whieh nitemipt-, hunt--, delays, oi postpones the right of
the ownei to tuc immediate pow^ion ot the slave, and
tlie immediate command ol his mm-vicc and l.iboi, opeiates
pro tunto a dischaige ot the slave theief ioni. The que-1ion
can nevci he, how much the slave is discharged fioni; but
Whether he is dl-ehaiged fimn anv by ihc natuiaJ or neces-
sary opeiation of Stale lawsoi State i emulations. The ques-
tion is not one of quantity <>' degiee, but oi withholding oi
eoutiolling the incident* of a po.-ative and absolute uglit.1'
llere it will be seen that the highest legal tri-
bunal in the land, one especially charged to pro-
nounce judicially on ail cases arising under the
Constitution of the United States or of the several
States of the Union, declares that any State law
whieh interrupts, limits, delays, or postpones the
right of the owner to the immediate possession of
the slave, operates, pro tanto, a discharge of the
slave.
Will any one undertake (o say that the personal
liberty bills ofthe northei n States generally, how-
ever specious may be the reasons assigned for
theiradoption, do not hinder, interrupt, postpone,
or delay the lendition of the slave to the claim-
ant? Why, sir, the very purpose of those bills,
as every one knows, was to throw obstructions
in the way of the execution of the fugitive slave
laws of the United States, passed under the au-
thority of the Constitution, which says, not that
"a person held to service or labor in one State
under the laws thereof/' ought to be, or should
be, or may be, "but shall be delivered up, on
claim of the party to whom such service or labor
may be due." it is mandatory in its tone, and not
recommendatory. If it were not intended to in-
terrupt, limit, or m any way to interfere with the
act of Congicss for the reclaiming of fugitives
from labor, why were these personal liberty bills
enacted? And why aie they not now repealed ?
Sir, we know well at the South that these bills
effect the very purposes for which they were so
cunningly devised.
But the distinguished gentleman from Ohio, the
chairman of the committee of thirty-three, some-
times called" the committee ofpublic safety," says
if these personal liberty bills are in conflict with
an act of Congress, pronounced by the Supreme
Court to be constitutional, they aie ipso facto null
and void. What cause, then, he asks, " hasthe
South to complain?" Is there nothing,sir,in the
animus of these bills? Is there no cause to com-
plain that they arc sustained by public opinion in
these States, and that all efforts to repeal them
have been in vain, except in the solitary case of
Rhode Island ? We have been told, here and else-
where, by the more moderate leaders of the Re-
publican party, in excuse orin palliation of these
personal liberty bills, and of the obstructions
thrown in the way by mobs to the execution of
the fugitive slave law, that that act of Congress
was too rigorous in its exactions, and that it could
not be effectually canied out, because it was in
opposition to public opinion in some of the States;
and we know that the leader of that party coun-
seled resistance to the law. Well, sir, let us ac-
cept this explanation, and what then? Has it
come to this, that the public opinion of the North
will not permit the execution of an act of Con-
gress, passed in pursuance of the very letter of
the Constitution, and pronounced to be constitu-
tional by the Supreme Court of the United Slates?
If this be so, then your Government is powerless;
nay, sir, if not alteady broken up, the sooner it
is terminated the better.
But what a change has come over New England
since the palmy days of the Puritan theociacy,*
who held that the Church was the vicegerent of
God on earth; that all Governments, so far from
being based on universal fianchise, were derived
from the Almighty, and were oligarchical in sub-
stance. Following out these pnnciplcs, they ex-
cluded from citizenship peisons of inferior race,
(Indians and negroes, )immoi aland irreligious per-
sons, (the test of which was non-communion with
the Church,) and uneducatcd persons. Ilence,
they reduced the Indian and the negro to a state
of vassalage. They held that, as the Israelites
were commanded to enslave the gentile Canaan-
ites, so were they commissioned to enslave the
heathen Indian. Cotton Mather wrote an able
essay to prove how much better it were to bring
the Afucan to a (Jhuslian country, as a slave, than
to leave him to roam like a wild beast m his native
land, ltis asserted tluuPiesident Styles, of Yale
College—without the fear of the Maine liquor law
before his eyes—shipped a barrel of rum to the
coast of Africa, wherewith to pay for a negro.
And the celebrated Jonathan Edwaids,one ofthe
greatest minds of his day and generation,insisted
that the slave trade, properly conducted, tended to
the civilization ofthe negro race. Besides these
ecclesiastical authorities, in the celebrated case of
Wmchenden vs. Hatfield, (4 Massachusetts Re-
ports, page 123,) Chief Justice Parsons judicially
decided "that slaveiy was introduced into this
cuuntiy soon aftei its fust settlement," and that
during the Puritan Commonwealth " the slave
was a chattel."
Believe me, sir, I do not refer to these circum-
stanccs with any, the slightest, disposition to dis-
parage the Puritan fathers. They were a sturdy,
and,in some respects,a noble lace; and whatever
may have been their faults and deficiencies, as
viewed from our stand-point of to-day, I can but
hold them in respect for their smceiity, their
courage, and their manly independence of thought
and action.
Weare often told that the disturbance of our po-
litical a flairs is a mere question of political power;
and that the South, having failed to elect a Pres-
ident of its own choice, is now determined to sub-
vert the Government. Tins sentiment has been
repeated substantially by the distinguished gen-
tleman from Ohio, the acknowledged leader of his
party on this floor; but I have too much respect
for his intellect to believe that this is his deliber-
ate and well-considered opinion. In our politi-
! cat contests heretofore, we have witnessed much
[ of bitterness and acerbity, which was always to
; be regretted and deplored, and yet they were often
I the mere excess of patuotic zeal or the healthy
| effervescence of public opinion. Ever since the
* While Judge Story ,-uui^ up the matter by saving f\the
; civil govfuim^nt was i onsiantly employed m support of the
' denunciations of the Chuich ; and, without its tonus, the
inquisition existed in substance, with a full share of its
terrois and its violence."
