150
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 5,
36th Cong....2d Sess.
State of the Union—Mr. Hughes.
Ho. of Reps.
have had some legal opinions of my own to oppose
to those of the Supreme Court of the United States;
but as a mere citizen, and as a Representative of
the people, it is sufficient for mc to know the opin-
ions expressed by the highest judicial tribunal of
our country, without undertaking to investigate
the differences between its decrees and its dicta,
to bow to them as I do with respect and veneration.
It is a settled dogma of the Republican party
that no more slave States are to be admitted into
this Union; thus not only superadding to the
conditions prescribed by the Constitution of the
United States for the admission of new States,
which only requires that their constitutions shall
be republican in form; but striking at the very
theory of a confederated government, which is
necessarily based on the equality of sovereign
States—a principle universally recognized by the
law of nations. In New York slavery once ex-
isted; but in the exercise of her undisputed sov-
ereign rights, she abolished it. But by the exer-
cise of the same powers, she may reestablish it
to-morrow. If you should admit a new State into
the Union on the condition precedent of an anti-
slavery form of government, is she on an equal
footing with the other States who have formed
their domestic institutions in accordance with the
wishes of their people ? Suppose a State should
be broughtinto the Union under such conditions,
and should immediately afterwards establish sla-
very: would you expel her from the Confederacy?
It has also been proposed by prominent Re-
publicans to interdict the slave trade between the
States, to abolish slavery in the District of Colum-
bia, and in all forts, arsenals, and navy-yards,
within the southern States, and to reform the Su-
preme Court by ousting as many of the present
)udges as had the manliness and independence to
decide a case in a manner not acceptable to their
party. And all these things are to be done, they
tell us, under the Constitution, as they understand
it. Some go even further, and declare that the
Constitution itself is anti-slavery, and confers the
power on Congress to abolish slavery in the
States.
Sir, it is this fell spirit of abolitionism, conjured
up from its dark dwelling place, by prominent
statesmen and the self-called ministers of God,
and which has so strongly possessed the mind of
the North, that has created all our difficulties.
Why, sir, I might occupy my allotted hour in
quoting from their speeches, lectures, and ser-
mons, and newspaper editorials. I will, there-
fore, confine myself to a few.
Mr. Wade, now a Senator from Ohio, said:
" lie thought there wai but one issue before the people,
ana that was the question of American slnveiy. lie MU<1
the Wing parly is not only dead, but sunks. It shows signs
occasionally of convulsive spasms as is sometimes exhib-
ited in the dead snake's tail after the liead and body have
been buried."
I ought perhaps, Mr. Speaker, to apologize to
the House for even quoting such language, and
nothing but the political position of the person
who used it would justify its repetition here
or elsewhere. And again: the same person, on
another occasion, expressed the following senti-
ment:
" There was really no Union now between the North and
South, and lie believed no two nations upon the earth en-
tertained feelings of more bitter rancor towards each other
than these two sections of the Republic. The only salva-
tion of the Union, theiefore, was to be found in divesting
it entirely from ail taint of slavery. There was no Union
with the South. Let us have a Union, said ho, or let us
sweep away this remnant which we cali a Union."
And Mr. Wilson, Senatorfrom Massachusetts,
says:
"lam in favor of relieving the Federal Govetnmcntfiom
all collection with, and responsibility for. the existence of
slavery. To effect tins object, I am in iavor ot the abo-
lition of slavery in the District of Columbia and the pro-
hibition of slavery in ali the Territories."
And Mr. Seward says:
" Slavery is not and never can be perpetual. It will be
overtlnown, either peacefully and lawfully, under this Con-
stitution, oi it will work the subversion of the Constitu-
tion, together with its own overthrow."
Adopting the illustration, with a slight change
of language, from one of our most eloquent his-
torians, "As on the shining plains of Sicily,
when the sun is rising, the vast pyramidal shadow
of Mount Etna is definitely and visibly project-
ed—the phantom of that ever-present evening,
which holds fire and devastation in its bosom—
so the shadow of abolitionism is cast from afar
across the smiling fields of the sunny South—-a
specter menacing fiercer fires and wider desola-
tion than any mere physical agencies could ac-
complish."
Mr. Speaker, it is the impression made on the
public mind of the South by the pretensions, to
which I have briefly alluded, urged by many lead-
ers of the now dominant party, and the belief
that a feeling of deep-rooted hostility exists at thfe
North against the persons, the interests, and in-
stitutions of the South, that have produced the un-
happy condition of affairs which threatens to break
up our Government.
The eloquent gentleman from the twentieth
congressional district of New York, a few days
agd, used the following language:
" It is charged upon the North, sir-and I am going to
continue to speak with greatfranknessupon this subject—
it is charged upon the North that at the fneside, on the
pavement, in the school-house, slavery is held to he amoral,
social, and political evil. The charge is true, sir; every
word ot it. A large majority of the people ot the North, no
matter of what political paity, look upon slavery as an in-
satiate master. They do not see it in its patriarchal aspects;
but they see an iron-heeled, marble-hearted oppressor, de-
manding always three victims—the slave, the muster, and
the Jand!"
If this statement be true, and I have long sus-
pected that it was, then this Government cannot
long hold together, under any contingency. The
people of the North and South cannot remain
united in a confederated and fraternal Govern-
ment. But if these assertions are untrue, if you
entertain no such projects, and if this feeling of
hostility lias no existence, disabuse the southern
mind, by some authoritative declaration of your
intentions and future policy. Do this, and the
tempest will be stilled, the dark clouds that now
lower over an unhappy land will bo dispelled into
thin air, and the sun of tranquillity and prosper-
ity again shine out upon us in its former splen-
dor, scattering " healing" in its beams.
The southern people are generous and confid-
ing, and will lend a willing ear to words of peace
and friendship. But they must not be the words
that fell from the lips of Joab when, taking Ab-
ner aside peaceably, he smote him under the fifth
lib. It must not be the peace that the wolf shows
to the lamb. It must not be the peace meant by
the Emperor Nicholas, when, having trampled
out, under his iron heel, the last spark of liberty
in Poland, he dictated his celebrated dispatch,
"Order reigns in Warsaw." It must not mean
the peace understood by the chairman ot the Ju-
diciary Committee, when he threatened to pre-
cipitate eighteen million people on eight million,
to render the South a solitude and a desert.
Sir, we of the South begof the North no favors,
ask no concession, and will accept of no congres-
sional compromises; fur compromise involves the
idea of mutual concessions. We simply ask for
our rights under the Constitution. Give us these
and we are content. We will not quarrel with
you about the mere election of a President.
In this connection, I will say, in oider that my
position may not be misunderstood, that I believe
the Crittenden resolutions would be satisfactory
to Maryland as a reasonable basis for the adjust-
ment of existing difficulties by a constitutional con-
vention of the States; that we cannot accept the
construction placed by the Republican party on
the power of Congress to interfere with slavery
in the Territories; and that it is no argument with
us that the right to carry slaves into the present
territory of the United States is an abstraction, (as
practically it may be,) for the reason that we be-
lieve that the Constitution confers that right upon
us, and that we cannot be deprived of it by legis-
lative action. If it be an abstraction with us, is
it not one also with you? If it be true, as you
have so satisfactorily proved, that slavery cannot
and will not be introduced into any of tlie^Terri-
toriesof the United States, why do you insist that
it shall not go there? But we have a stronger
reason. We hold that it is a dangerous doctrine
to regard any constitutional provision as a mere
abstraction, to be violated at the pleasure of Con-
gress.
I have always believed, and still believe, that a
united South is perfectly able to assert and to
defend its rights in or outside the Union; and,for
one, would have preferred that the contest should
have been waged within the Union; but that was
a matter I could notcontrol. Unfortunately, there
is no united South, and attempts arc making to
drive us still further asunder. Let me warn the bor-
der slave States against the cunningly-contrived
scheme for separating us from the'' cotton States,''
for we are essentially one people, with a common
interest, " bone of their bone, and flesh of their
flesh." It is a common device of the enemy "to
divide and conquer." This effort to divide us is
a delusion and a snare. It was thus the Devil,
" squat like a toad," poured his "leprous distill-
ment" into the ear of ourmother Eve. Forone,I
take my stand on the Constitution and the rights
of the South, and will not
 " crook the pregnant hinges of the knee
Where thrift may follow fawning."
As it regards the oft-repeated warning from the
other side of the House, and sometimes hinted at
on this side of the Chamber, that in case of the
separation of the States, we should lose the ines-
timable boon of the fugitive slave law, which haa
effectually protected our property,! have only to
say that I believe our rights could be better pro-
tected by treatystipulations than by constitutional
obligations. The northern people seem to think
that, by some occult and mysterious operation of
the Government, they arc, somehow or other,re-
sponsible for the existence of slavery. If we should
peaceably separate, their tender consciences will
be relieved from the weight of the sin that now
bears so heavily upon them.
We hear much of the obligation imposed on the
President by his oath of office to see that the laws
are faithfully executed. This is all very well;
but let us inquire what is meant by the execution
of the laws, and how they are to be enforced.
The construction of law is one tiling—the exe-
cution of it is another. The Constitution does
not confer this prerogative on the Chief Magis-
trate, of construing the laws, unless it be, perhaps,
in cases of political power; but devolves that duty
on a coordinate branch of the Government. When
the Federal courts are powerless to enforce their
decrees; when the marshal with his civil posse,
(as in the case of the fugitive Burns, in Boston,)
cannot execute a process of the courts, and is re-
sisted by a mob that threatens to overpower him
in the discharge of his duty, then the executive
arm is invoked, with all the physical force with
which it is invested, to sec that the laws are car-
ried into effect. But he cannot assume that duty
at his discretion, nor can he undertake to over-
rule the decisions of the judiciary.
Many of the Kings of England, down to the
last of the Stuarts, claimed to dispense with the
laws of the realm, to override the decisions of the
judges, or to enforce the laws according te their
own good will and pleasure, regardless of the opin-
ions of the courts. I trust we shall see no such
pretensions advanced in our country, without re-
buke.
It is contended that the President is bound to
collect the revenue in the ports of South Caro-
lina, notwithstanding her withdrawal from the
Union; and that he must see that our revenue
laws are faithfully executed within her waters,
if needs be, by physical force, by the Army or
the Navy, at his discretion; and it is understood
that a collector has been, or will be, appointed to
collect the customs in Charleston harbor, assisted
by armed vessels placed at his disposal for that
purpose. Where does he find authority for these
proceedings—for this summary process of exe-
cuting the laws? It may be well to consult the
law on the subject, I will read from Brightly s
Digest of the Laws of the United States, page
411. sections three hundred and ninety-three and
three hundred and ninety-four:
" All penalties accruals by any breach of this act shall
be sued for, and recovered with costs of suit, in the name
of Hie United States of America, in any couit competent
to try the same; and the trial of any fact which may be put
in i*sue shall be within the judicial district m which any
such penalty shall have accrued ; and the collector, within
whose district the seizure shall be made, or forfeituie in-
curred, is hereby enjoined to cause suits for the same to be
commenced without delay,and prosecuted to effect; and
is moreover authorized to receive from the eonrt within
which such trial is had, or from the proper officer thereof,
the sum or sums so recovered, after deducting all proper
charges to be allowed by the said court; and on the receipt
thereof, the said collector shall pay and distribute the same
without delay, according to law, and tiansmit quaiter-
yearlvto the Treasury an account of ail moneys by mm
received for fines, penalties, and forfeitures, during sucil
quarter.
