1881.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mi
36th Cong....2d Sess.
State of the Union—Mr. Harris.
Ho. of Reps.
u And all ships or vessels, goods, waresormerchamtise,
which shall become forfeited in virtue of this act, shall be
seized, Hbeled, and prosecuted as aforesaid, in the proper
court having cognizance thereof; which court shall cause
fourteen days' notice to be given of such seizure and libel,
by causing the substance of said libel, with the orderof the
court thereon, setting forth the time and place appointed
for trial, to be inserted in some newspaper published near
the place of seizuie, and abo by posting up the same in the
most public manner, for the space of fourteen days, at or
■near the place of trial; for which advertisement a sum not
exceeding two dollars shall be paid; and proclamation shall
be made in such manner as the court may direct; and if no
person shall appear and claim any such ship or vessel,
goods, wares, or merchandise, and give bond to defend the
prosecution thereof, and to respond the costs in case he
shall not support his claim, the court shall proceed to hear
and determine the cause according to law."
Now, I should feel greatly obliged to any gen-
tleman " learned in the law" if he would inform
us how any penalties incurred by this act arc to
be enforced, and how vessels, goods, wares, and
merchandise, which may be liable to forfeiture
under the revenue laws, are to be seized, libeled,
•and forfeited, exceptas specially provided for by
this act of Congress-? You have no Federal dis-
trict judge, no district attorney, no United States
marshal, in South Carolina, How then will you
proceed ? Will it be by court-martial, or will the
whole matter be left to the discretion of the col-
lector, under instructions from the Secretary of
the Treasury? Why, sir, a collector has no right
to hold a vessel that he has seized longer than he
has time to notify the fact to the district attorney,
when, under an order of the court, she must be
turned over to the custody of the marshal.
The three hundred and ninety-fifth section of
the same act reads as follows;
" And upon the prayer of any claimant, to the court, that
any ship or vessel, goods, wares, 01 merchandise so seized
and prosecuted, or any pait theieof, should be delivered to
such claimant, it shall 'be lawful for the court to appoint
three proper.persons to appraise such ship or vessel, goods,
wares, or merchandise, who shall be sworn m open court
for the faithful discharge ot their duty ; and such appraise-
ment phall be made at the expense of the paity on whose
prayer it is granted; and on the return of such appraisement,
if the claimant shall, with one or more sureties, to be ap-
proved of by the couit, execute a bond in the usual form
to the United States foi the payment of a sum equal to the
sum at which the shipoi vessel, goods, wares, or merchan-
dise, so prayed to be delivered, are appiatscd; and more-
over produec a certificate from the collector of the district
wherein such trial is had, and of the naval officer thereof,
if any there be, that the duties on the goods, wares, and
merchandise, or tonnage duty on the ship or vessel so
claimed, have been paid or secured m like manner, as if
the goods, waios, or merchandise, ship or vessel had been
degally entered, tlte court shall, by lule, order such ship or
vessel, goods, wares, or merchandise, to be delivered to the
said claimant, and the said bond shall be lodged with the
proper officer of the couit, and if judgment shall pass in
favor of the claimant, the court shall cause the t>aid bond
to bo canceled; but if judgment shall pa^s against the
claimant,as to the whole 01 any partot such ship or vessel,
goods, wares, or merchandise, and the claimant shall not
within twenty days thcieatter pay into the court, or to the
ptoper officer thereof, the amount of the appraised value of
.such ship or vessel, goods, wares, or merchandise so con-
demned, with the costs, judgment shall and may be granted
•upon the bond, on motion in open court, without further
delay."
Will any one tell us how, under the foregoing
section, the fact of the forfeiture of ships and mer-
chandise is to be decklcd*, and how the rights of
■claimants are to be secured within the territory of
seceding States? Are all the questions to be set-
tled , not by the judiciary as provided for by law,
butby the Executive, who must usurp authority if
he undertakes to enforce the laws under existing
circumstances? Nor can Congress invest the
President with these powers, for the reason that
they are essentially judicial, and forbidden by the
Constitution.
And again-: to further illustrate the utter absurd-
ity of this pretension to enforce the laws in this
particular instance, lei us view it in another phase.
It is well known that the revenue officers collect
the customs under instructions from the Treasury
Department. Under our complicated tariff sys-
tem, nice questions frequently arise*, and if the
importer thinks himself aggrieved, he brings suit
against the collector in the district court of the
United States having jurisdiction over the collec-
tion district in which the alleged illegal customs
are received; and very often the court reverses the
construction of the Secretary of the Treasury.
Now, if the Executive undertakes to enforce the
revenue laws in South Carolina, without regard
to the judiciary, what check is there on the exac-
tions of the collector, or on even the most obvi-
ously illegal construction of the laws by the head
of the Treasury Department ? And what remedy
has the unfortunate importer against the cupidity
or rapacity of the revenue officers of the Govern-
ment?
Sir, in my judgment, the President cannot un-
dertake to collect the customs in South Carolina
without trampling under foot the judiciary, the
laws, and the Constitution itself, cut I have too
much confidence in the sound judgmentand patri-
otism of our venerable Chief Magistrate to be-
lieve that he really intends to pursue the course
that has been indicated.
It may be said, as it has been asserted, that the
President may, if necessary, proclaim martial law
in a seceding State; but 1 can find nowhere in the
Constitution that that power has been conferred
on any department of the Government. It is true,
however, that Congress may suspend " the priv-
ilege of the writ of habeas corpus in cases of re-
bellion or invasion, when the public safety may
require it."
As it regards the right of a State to withdraw
from the Confederacy, it may be admitted that the
Constitution provides for no such contingency.
The founders of all Governments, however ephem-
eral they may prove to be, contemplate their per-
petuity, and cannot recognize an inherent prin-
ciple of dissolution. Ouis hoped, and no doubt
believed, that the Government they were about
to establish would be a permanent one, consoli-
dated and strengthened by time, and rendered per-
petual by its justice and the protection it would
afford to every portion of its people. They did
not foresee that it might, by the madness of party
and the insolence of power, be wrested from its
beneficont purposes and converted into an instru-
ment of injustice and oppression. It must also
be borne in mind that most of the members of the
convention who formed our Constitution were
active participants in the Revolution, and we can
scarcely suppose that they were willing to brand
themselves as traitors because they resisted the
aggressions of the BritishCrown; that they denied
the right of the colonies to revolt; or that they
repudiated the declaration that" when along train
of abuses and usurpations, pursuing invariably
the same object, evinces a design to reduce them
(the people) under absolute despotism, it is their
right, it is their duty, to throw off such Govern-
ment, and to provide new guards for their future
security."
In the eloquent appeals which are daily made
on this floor to save theUnion, it seems to be for-
§otten that the Union is a mere compact between
tates; that it existed under the old Confederacy;
that it may exist under any form of government,
under a military dictatorship or a monarchy, and
be held together by physical force. It is the
present Constitution of the Government in all its
integrity that gives it value; that forms the foun-
dation of which the Union is the superstructure.
So long as the foundation is secure and free from
crack or flaw, wo need feel no uneasiness about
the building erected on it. The lightning may
strike it, or the tempest unroof it, or the hand of
man impair its walls, and the injuries may be
repaired; but if the foundation be undermined,
although the superstructure may have been raised
with care and built on arches of stone, and the
whole held together by bolts of steel and rods of
iron, it cannot resist the first blast of the hurri-
cane, but will topple into ruins.
As it regards the policy of coercing States to
remain in theUnion, nothing can be added to the
forcible language of Andrew Jackson, in his fare-
well address:
" The Constitution cannot be maintained nor the Union
preserved by the mere exertion of the coercive powers con-
tided to the General Government. The foundation must
be hud in the affections ot the people ; in the security it
gives, to life, liberty, character, and property m every quar-
ter of the country; and in the fiaternal attachments which
the citizens of the several States bear to one another as
members of one political family, mutually contributing to
promote the happiness of each other; hence the citizens
of every State should studiously avoid everything calcu-
lated to wound the sensibility oi offend the just pride of tlte
people of other States; and should frown upon any pro-
ceedings within their own holders likely to disturb the
tranquillity of their brethien in other portions of the
Union."
Sir, I profess to be a sincere lover of the Union,
as we received it from our fatherss and yield to
no one in my devotion to it, as I have endeavored
to show by every act of my life. Few men can
comprehend the bitterness of the agony with which
I contemplate the mutilation of that glorious flag
under whose folds I was reared, and which I have
followed in the melee of the battle.
STATE OF THE UNION.
SPEECH OF HON. JOHN T. HARRIS,
01? VIRGINIA,
In the House of Representatives,
February 6, 1861.
The House having under consideration the report from
the select coionittee of thirty-three—
Mr. HARRIS, of Virginia, said:
Mr. Speaker: Many questions of grave con-
sideration, and a variety of themes for fruitful
speculation, present themselves to the observer of
current events. Issues are involved which not
only affect the present, but their consequences
will reach far into the future, and determine-, for
weal or woe, the destiny of republican institu-
tions. Sir, under such circumstances, and in view
of such consequences, I conceive it to be the part
of wisdom, as well as the command of duty, for
every member of this body, in the discharge of
his representative trust, to do all in his power to
avert the calamity which now threatens our com-
mon country. In doing this, I will "sing no
peans to the Union." I prefer that its present
greatness, its proud position before the world,
the hitherto unrivaled prosperity of its people,
its own grandeur and sublimity, shall speak its
praises. Nor will I arraign any member on this
floor or impugn his motives. The time for crim-
ination is past. The evil is upon us. The crisis
is at hand. We must meet it as becomes men
and patriots. Neither looking to the right nor to
the left, but with an eye single to the preserva-
tion of civil liberty and religious toleration, each
should march up to the discharge of his duty,
without regard for the consequences to himself.
No personal sacrifice can be too great to preservo
and perpetuate the only model on earth of a free
representative Government; the only Government
on whose legislation the will of the people is im-
pressed, and'which guaranties to all equal rights
and privileges; a Government in which the high-
est position is open to the humblest freeman; a
Government in which merit, not birth or wealth,
is the sure guarantee of success and preferment;
a Government, and the only one, whose laws ex-
tend over a territory which produces every variety
of the necessaries, as well as the comforts and lux-
uries, of life. Truly, sir, no people were ever so
favored by a kind Providence. Unless the hand
of destruction bo stayed, none will deserve it less.
The question is presented to us, and we are
broughtto the issue, shall thisUnion bedissolved?
We can neither avoid it, nor evade it, if we would.
Each and every man in this country must take
his position. Each lias his part to play in this
great drama—I fear tragedy—of human affairs.
I have never had any hesitation as to the part,
however humble, I sh'ould play. I shall use every
exertion in my power to preserve this Govern-
ment. I am for the Union even now, bleeding,
torn, shattered as it is. I pray I may be enabled
to be so forever!
When a people have been injured and insulted,
as the South has been, I know they are apt to
go too far in their endeavor to resent and redress
the wrongs which have been inflicted upon them.
They look only on one side of the picture. They
think only of the injury which they have received,
and thus press their determination to avenge it
without regard to the consequences which may
follow. Before a step so important and fatal as
a dissolution of the Union be taken, we ought to
stop,pause, reflect—reflect upon the dangers and
difficulties which attend its dissolution, as well as
the evils which mustresultafteritis accomplished.
I know, sir, it is said southern men should not
speak of these things; that it only emboldens the
North, and makes them the more determined.
The calamities attending and following a disso-
lution of the Union bear equally on both sections,
and to each are boundless. Therefore, I think a
free, full, and frank statement of our views is be-
fitting the importance of the crisis. We should
