736
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 4.
do so by his vote, say that the Government of the
United States should, uniler no circumstances, get
its coal where it might find it cheapest; that it was
wrong in principle for the Government to enter
into any sort of business. Now, the Committee
of Ways and Means recommends that the Gov-
ernment shall enter the printing business; that it
shall buy a printing office; that it shall employ
hands; that it shall buy presses; and that it shall
establish a complete printing office in this city, to
the exclusion of all private enterprise and compe-
tition. And, in order to commend that proposi-
tion to the House, the chairman of the Committee
of Ways and Means tells us it has been approved
by high authority in the Senate, and cites the
names of certain distinguished men in the Senate
and the Finance Committee, as having favored this
proposition; and therefore we ought to pass it.
Now, I would like to hear from the chairman of
the Committee of Ways and Means the reasons
which'justify this Government in going into the
printing business, and yet prohibits it from buy-
ing coal where it can get it cheapest, when the
latter measure has been recommended by the same
high authority which he quotes in favor of the
former proposition ?
Mr. BURNETT, (Mr. Branch in the chair
temporarily.) I am opposed to this amendment
of the Senate. I have opposed, from its incep-
tion, the idea of the establishment of a Govern-
ment printing office, being satisfied, for reasons
I gave at the last session of Congress, that it was
wrong, and would involve a much heavier ex-
penditure than even our present system of having
the printing done.
That question I do not now propose to discuss.
But the chairman of the Committee on Printing
tells us that this office cost$185,000, and that the
Superintendent of the Public Printing proposes to
pay only $135,000 for it. The question, what was
the original cost of the building and the materials
now in it, is one that is not practically presented
to us; because we know that when an establish-
ment like this has been in use for a number of
years, a large amount of the material in it is unfit
for the use for which it was originally purchased.
1 ask the gentleman, how much type there is in
this printing establishment? I believe there is
about fifteen tons; I do not remember the precise
amount, but I undeitake to say here, that you
may send any practical printer you can find in
this city to examine that office, and he will tell
you that not one third of the typ£ in it is worth
one cent for practical printing purposes.
We are told here—and an extract to the same
purport, from a speech made m the Senate, has
been read—that this is the most perfect printing
establishment in the country or in the world.
Now, it is a well-known fact, and it must have
been known to the members of the Committee on
Printing, that a large number of the printing
presses in this establishment are not only unfit for
use, but it is problematical whether any expend-
iture of money upon them would render them fit
for use.
Mr. Chairman, when the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Stevens} was talking, the other
day, tohis Republican friends about economy, 1
felt like congratulating him. The chairman of the
Committee on Printing [Mr. Gurley] tells us that,
if this public printing office had gone into opera-
tion last year, we should by this time have saved
the entire cost of the establishment. The gentle-
man, 1 believe, is no practical printer; he belongs
to another profession, and to a better one than 1
do. I am no printer, but I would like to know
how he arrives at that conclusion.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I must call
the gentleman to order. What profession is bet-
ter than ours—the law? [Laughter.]
Mr BURNETT. That, sir, of the Gospel.
[More laughter.] I should like very much to
know how the gentleman from Ohio makes his esti-
mate of the economy of this public printing office.
Now, I will make a prediction to gentlemen here,
and I want it to be remembered. I predict that
when you get into operation this mammoth print-
ing establishment under the control of the Gov-
ernment, tt will be an asylum where broken down
printers and politicians and country editors and
that class of men will find places under the Gov-
ernment and diuw pay from the Treasury of the
United States; and not only will the public print-
ing costmore, but the corruption which is charged
to exist under the present system of public print-
ing will be increased fourfold under the new sys-
tem.
There is another point to which I desire to re-
fer. I take it for granted that if my friend—the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means
—had a piece of property, he would understand
what he paid for it, and its market value, better
than any one else; and so I take it for granted
that the proprietor of this printing establishment
knows what he paid for it, and can estimate its
worth better than any one else. Well, there is a
law in this District which requires parlies to re-
gister their property for taxation. There were
two printing offices examined by the Superintend-
ent of the Public Printing—one belonging to John
C. Rives, and the other this one of Wendell's—
and Wendell himself, in valuing his own property,
puts the amount largely below what the Superin-
tendent of Public Printing has agreed to pay for
it. That is a matter of record. Was the chair-
man of the Committee on Printing advised of that
fact? And more than that, it was valued for a
less sum than the other printing establishment,
when the proprietors themselves estimated the
value of the respective establishments.
But the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means says that this is an executed contract.
With all due deference to his legal ability, I beg
leave to differ from him. I say it is not an exe-
cuted contract. Why? Because the provisions
of the law passed at the last session of Congress
have not been complied with,and until Congress
carries out the entire provisions of that law, it
does not become an executed contract.
Now, sir, I have no hope in the world that any-
thing any man could say here would stop this
thing. The recommendation of the Committee
of Ways and Means will be adopted. I have
no doubt of that; for the Committee of Ways
and Means is omnipotent here; and when they
recommend anything, a majority of the House
will vote for it. But I want to say to gentlemen
upon the Republican side of the House: buy this
printing establishment, pay $135,000 to Cornelius
Wendell & Co., and these men who have shin-
gled it over with mortgages, and are endeavoring
to lobby this amendment through the House, and
next session you will have to make appropria-
tions for new presses and new type; for the pres-
ent material of the establishment is not fit for the
purposes for which we require it.
Mr. SICKLES, by unanimous consent, with-
drew his amendment to the amendment.
Mr. STANTON. I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out " $135,000,}J and inserting
" §100,000 "
Mr. Chairman, ever since I have been a mem-
ber of this House there has been no scheme con-
nected with tin; plunder of the public Treasury
and tho printing, upon which the shadow of Cor-
nelius Wendell has not been cast. I am, there-
fore, very reluctant to vote for an appropriation
to ratify any contract to which he is a party. I
have no great confidence in this contract, not only
on account of the party who is to sell the prop-
erty, but I have not the utmost confidence in the
party that is the buyer. I know that the Com-
mittee on Printing, at the last session, gave for the
binding of this House $25,000 more than it might
have been done for by another party equally well
qualified, for the benefit of political favorites; and
that fact is proved in public documents, and by
sworn testimony. For that reason, Mr. Chair-
man,! want to scrutinize this con tract very closely
1 want to know certainly that the property for
which it is proposed to give $135,000, is worth the
money; and 1 have no such evidence before me.
I agree,sir, with the gentleman from Kentucky,
[Mr. Burnett,] that this whole scheme for the
establishment of a Government printing bureau
originated in corruption, and that it will result in
increased corruption and in an enlarged expendi-
ture for the public printing. The whole thing
ought to be abandoned at once, and some honest
mode of doing the public printing ought to be re-
sorted to. That is my judgment. But you have
got a printing bureau now, and you want to buy
a printing office. Well, I will go into the market,
and buy new materials from the manufacturers at
fair, honest market prices; but I will not bargain
■ with a gentleman who has been engaged in cor-
ruption about this Capitol for ten years for an old,
broken down establishment. I am opposed to this
amendment of the Senate, and I hope the House
will vote it down
Mr. McCLERNAND. I desire to offer an
amendment to the amendment now pending.
The* CHAIRMAN, (Mr. Burnett in the
chair.) There is now an amendment to :he amend-
ment pending, on which the question must first
be taken. It is the amendment of the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Stanton,] to strike out$135,000
and insert $100,000.
The question was taken; and the Chair an-
nounced that it was decided in the affirmative.
Mr. FLORENCE. I apprehend, Mr. Chair-
man, that a debate, in opposition to the amend-
ment offered by the gentleman from Ohio, is in
order.
The CHAIRMAN. If the gentleman from
Pennsylvania had risen and expressed a desire to
oppose it, the Chair would have heard him.
Mr. FLORENCE. I incited the Chair's at-
tention by a loud vociferation, [laughter;] but the
Chair paid no attention to it.
Tho CHAIRMAN. The gentleman did not do
so till after the Chair had propounded the ques-
tion.
Mr. FLORENCE. I did not care very much
about getting the floor, as I conceived the chair-
man of the Committee on Printing would have
taken it; but I will now take the floor in opposi-
tion to the proposition of the gentleman from
Ohio.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will state to
the gentleman from Pennsylvania that the Chair
will certainly determine, in his own discretion,
who is entitled to the floor. The gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. McClernand] is now entitled to the
floor. The Chair stated there was an amendment
to an amendment pending, and then the Chair
propounded the question upon it 
Mr. FLORENCE. Just then, at that very
moment, I rose and 
The CHAIRMAN. Will the gentleman from
Pennsylvania permit the Chair to proceed ?
Mr. FLORENCE. Certainly, sir.
The CHAIRMAN. The vote was announced;
and the amendment of the gentleman from Ohio
was decidcd to be agreed to. The Chair did not
hear the gentleman from Pennsylvania till after
the result was aftnounced.
Mr. FLORENCE. Well, it was not the fault
of the gentleman from Pennsylvania that the Chair
did not hear him.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair presumes not.
[Laughter.] The gentleman from Illinois is enti-
tled to the floor.
Mr. McCLERNAND. I offer the following
amendment as a proviso to the amendment:
Provided, That no part of said sum shall be paid until a
committee of not less than five piactical pnnteis to be ap-
pointed by tlu- Pres-idmt, &lmll icpoit that the matenats
are in good order, and that the establishment is worth the
said amount.
Mr. Chairman, I agree with you in opinion
that nothing you may say, or I may say, or any-
one el'sevmay say, would avail anything to defeat
this app'ropriation. 1 take it that it is predes-
tined to pass. Nevertheless, I have some objec-
tions to it, which I beg leave to state in the hear-
ing of the committee.
We have heard from the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Public Printing that a joint resolution
was passed at the last session authorizing the Su-
perintendent of the Public Printing to erect or pur-
chase a printing establishment, and declaring that
the contract of purchase should become binding
when approved by the Joint Committee on Print-
ing of both Houses. #Now, I understand that the
lots on which this printing establishment—the one
bargained for—stands, are not owned by Mr.
Wendell; that he possesses no valid title to them;
nor have I heard the contrary asserted by any
gentleman on this floor. Indeed, the gentleman
fiom Ohio, the chairman of the Committee of
Waysand Means, by implication, admits the fact.
His amendment suspending the completion of the
purchase until the Attorney General shall have
approved the title to the property, is evidence of
such admission.
Mr. SHERMAN. Will my friend from Illi-
nois allow me to correct lum? Upon the estimate
of the Secretary of the Interior, we put an appro-
priation of $135;000 on the regular civil appropri-
ation bill, and there we inserted a provision re-
quiring the title to be approved by the Attorney
