THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Sixth Congress, 2d Session.
WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 6, 1861.
New Series No. 47.
General before the money should be paid. When
that bill went to the Senate, they transferred this
section to the deficiency bill; and in that way it
comes here as an amendment from the Senate.
This identical proposition has already passed the
House once this session by a unanimous vote.
Mr. McCLERNAND. That does notchangc
the facts. I ask the chairman of the Committee
of Ways and Means why he inserted the proviso
requiring the title to be approved by the Attorney
General ?
Mr. SHERMAN. Because we had heard that
there was some question as to the title to this
property—a question about mortgages—and to
avoid all controversy, we all thought it better to
guard the Government by this provision before
any money was to be paid out.
Mr. McCLERNAND. That is exactly what
I was saying: that the chairman of the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means had, by his amendment,
furnished us with authority—at least by implica-
tion—that the title to this property was defective.
Is it not, then, a matter of surprise that the Joint
Committee on Public Printing should have ap-
proved such a contract, and should have commit-
ted the Government to pay $135,000 for a defect-
ive title i I charge here, upon information which
I believe to be reliable, that the lots on which this
establishment is erected are not the property of
Mr. Wendell, but of a Mr. McGuire, or,at all
events, that Mr. McGuire has an incumlDrance
upon them; nor can the United States, as 1 under-
stand, ootain a clear title to the lots until the in-
cumbrance is paid off.
The Chairman [Mr. Burnett] has also urged
another objection, that the establishment is not
worth the price agreed upon for it. If 1 mistake not,
that gentleman said Mr. Wendell himself had val-
ued the property, for the purpose of assessment
and taxation—and perhaps under solemn oath—
at a much less sum than he has asked for it, and
which is promised to be paid for it. I understand
that he has valued it, for the purpose of assessment
and taxation, at $78,000. And yet the Superin-
tendentofthe Public Printing and ihe Joint Com-
mittee on Public Printing have agieed to pay him
§135,000 for it, and tor a defective title to theground
on which the office stands.
More than that: 1 understand that another es-
tablishment m this city, which was valued by its
proprietor, for the purposes of assessment and
taxation, at §102,000, was offered to the Superin-
tendent for the sum of $100,000—an establishment
unincumbered by mortgages—to which there was
a clear title; an establishment complete m all
of its appointments. I undeistand that such an
ofiiee was offered for the sum of $100,000; and yet,
another, appearing to be inferior, was bought for
a higher price. Why so? I impute no bad motive,
only a bad bargain.
We are told that there are some twenty-six
printing presses in Mr. Wendell's office; but we
are not informed that all of them are in good
order, or are capable of being used. On the con-
trary, 1 am informed that a number of them are
broken and unfit for use. I am also further in-
formed that a considerable portion of the type of
the office is unsuitedfor the printing of the House,
and that other type will have to be purchased.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. FLORENCE. Useems to me, Mr. Chair-
man, that gentlemen have not looked at the ques-
tion as practical legislators ought to have looked
at it, [A Member. Practical printers.] or as
practical printers either. [Laughter.] The gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Stanton] reterred to the
fact thatMr. Wendell's name had been associated
with jobs for the last ten or twelve yeai s, and he
said that ho always suspected anything that had
Wendell's name in it. Now, I do not propose to
be Mr. Werulrii\s defender; but I must &i\y to gen-
tlemen that if they will take occasion to exam-
ine this report, they will find on the face of it, that
Mr. Wendell has not a farthing of interest m it;
that the property is owned by Mr. Joseph T.
Crowell, and that it has been purchased from Mr.
Ci'owell under the authority given to the Super-
47
intendentof the Public Printing and the Joint Com-
mittee on Printing of both Houses, with the ap-
probation and consent, unofficially, of the Secre-
tary of the Interior. "Well now, X am willing to
believe, and I have no hesitation in declaring it,
that I repose confidence ill the integrity of those
gentlemen. I do not believe they would desire
to fasten upon the Government an improper pur-
Mr.' JOHN COCHRA NE. Will the gentleman
yield to me for a moment?
Mr. FLORENCE. I have no objection to
yielding to the gentleman. I only desire the truth.
I wish, however, to finish what I have to say upon
the subject.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Before the gentle-
man finishes what he has to say, I wish he would
enlighten us upon this point. If the gentleman,
with his knowledge upon the subject, were about
to purchase a printing establishment for his own
private use, taking the present value of real estate
in the locality, what would he be willing to give
for the whole establishment as it stands?
Mr. FLORENCE. That depends very much
upon the ability to purchase; and as I have not
the ability to purchase, I am not competent to
make an offer for it. 1 will say, however, that if
I could bo the Printer of Congress for a couple of
years at the rate they have been paying, I could
afford to make a pretty large advance upon the
price the Government pays for this establishment,
out of the profits of the job, judging by the profits
made by those who have eiijoyed that lucrative
position.
When interrupted by the gentleman from New
York, I was going to say that I had confidence
in the integrity of those gentlemen who had made
this thorough investigation and agreed to purchase
this establishment.
Now, sir, the gentleman from Illinois remarked
that he had reliable information that the assess-
ment of this real estate was only $78,000; and
that it was given under the sanction of an oath.
Mr. McCLERNAND. I said I supposed it
was.
Mr. FLORENCE Well, the gentleman sup-
posed it. Now, sir, every one knows that assess-
ments are made very much below the real value
of property. 1 know such is the fact in the city
of Philadelphia. Indeed, I know many instances
where it is not assessed at half its value.
Mr. McCLERNAND. When the assessment
is made under oath?
Mr. FLORENCE. It was not made under oath
on the part of the owner.
Mr. McCLERNAND. Does the gentleman
assert that the assessment is not made under oath?
Mr. FLORENCE. I believe it is not. The
assessors may be sworn; but the valuation is not
made by the owner under oath. Every one knows
that the assessment of property is made at the
lowest possible figure.
But the gentleman says the types are worn out.
Why, sir, gentlemen who have had any sort of
experience at all can observe the difference be-
tween the public printing under the new and under
the old arrangements. Here are the types daily
used in the printing of our bills and public docu-
ments; and they are ample, as every gentleman
will see, for all the purposes for which they are
intended.
If gentlemen will read the estimates of the com-
mittee, upon which the purchase has been made,
and take into consideration the fact that it was
assessed at only one half its original cost, they
will see the fairness of the transaction. S
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. PHELPS. I move to amend by striking
out half a dozen lines—anything to make one or
two remarks in order
Mr. Chairman, as a member of the Committee j
ofWays and '■■■ n(-. I gave my assentto the rec- ji
ommendation of that committee that the House ;|
concur in this amendment of the Senate; and I j!
desire to state to the House briefly the reasons |!
which brought me to that conclusion. |[
At the last Congress we found that much com- li
plaint was made at the prices which were paid for
the execution of the public printing. It was al-
leged that the Printers for the Senate and the
House of Representatives made enormous profits
out of their contracts, under the prices established
by the acts of 1852and 1854. The proposition was
then brought forward that the Government should
establish its own printing office, to do not only the
printing ordered by the Senate and by the House,
but also thajdordered by the executive depart-
ments of th<yGovernmeDt. I was then, as I am
now, opposed to that proposition, which was
brought forward by the Committee on Printing.
But, sir, the first section of the joint resolution
adopted at the last session, seems to have determ-
ined and settled the whole matter. That section
is as follows:
"Tlmt the Superintendent of Public Printing be, and is
hereby, authorized and directed to have executed the print-
ing and binding authorized by the Senate and House of
Representatives, the executive and judicial departments,
and the Court of Claims. And to enable him to carry out
the provisions of this act, lie is authorized and directed to
contract for the erection or purchase of the neeessarv build-
ings, machinery, and materials for that purpose; said con-
tract to he subject to the approval of the Joint Committee
011 Piintinnol'the two Houses of Congress: Provided, That
the sum so contracted to be paid shall not exceed $1150,000."
When the bill was under consideration in the
Senate, the attempt was made to modify this sec-
tion so as to require the approval, also, of the Sec-
retary of the Interior, before the purchase of a
printing establishment should be consummated;
but the amendment was either not adopted in that
body, or if adopted there, was not concurred in
by the House. The Superintendent, in the exe-
cution of this law, made a contract for the estab-
lishment knownas the "Wendell printing office."
I am informed that, before the contract was made,
while negotiations were going on, he consulted
the Secretary of the Interior, and informed him
that he would make no conditional contract for the
purchase except with his approval. The Secre-
tary of the Interior did examine the establishment
and inform himself thoroughly of its value, and in
pursuance of his advice and approval, the Superin-
tendent of the Public Printing made a conditional
contract to purchase the building, with all the fix-
tures of the printing office, for thesum of §135,000
That contract was, as 1 am informed, in pursuance
of this law, submitted to the approval of the Joint
Committee on Punting, and received the unani-
mous approval of that committee, all the members
being present except one gentleman on the House
committee. It received the confirmation, there-
fore, of the three members of the Senate commit-
tee, and of two of the members of the House
committee.
In this state of facts the question was presented
to us. Here is the law which requires the Super-
intendent of the Public Printing to contract, pro-
vided the sum paid shall not exceed $150,000
This contract is to be conditional. It is to be sub-
mitted to the Joint Committee on Printing. If not
approved by them, it is null; but if approved by
them, it then becomes valid and binding upon us.
Considering these facts, I could do no other way
than recommend the appropriation which was
proposed to be made. As to the propriety of the
purchase, that was not a matter within the prov-
ince of the Committee of Ways and Means to in-
vestigate. That was the piovinceof the Commit-
tee on Printing, and they discharged that duty.
[Hero the hammer fell.]
Mr. GURLEY. .Mr. Chairman, it has been
suggested by my colleague that this printing office
was owned by Mr. Wendell, and that, therefore,
it should not be purchased by the Government.
Sir, the committee never asked the question, in
their preliminary examination, who owned the
office. What they wished to know, and the point
to which they first directed their inquiries, was:
is it a suitable oilice for the purposes of the Gov-
ernment? Is it reasonable in price? Isit fair, is
it just, is it equitable^ As to ownership, that was
of no consequence to us. Who cares whether
Mr. Wendell or anybody else owns it, if we call
purchase it at a fair price?
Now, sir, I undertake to say that Mr. Wen-
