1861.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
153
36th Cong....2d Sess.
State of the Union—Mr. Harris.
Ho. of Reps.
that every Slate which has passed laws in viola-
tion of the Constitution, having violated the com-
pact, is virtually out of the Union; and the indi-
viduals who participated in their passage deserve
the severest punishment known to civilized Gov-
ernments. They are the offending States, and
themselves ought to be required to repeal their
unconstitutional laws, or leave the Union. These
laws, howevermischievous was their design, are
null and void. They are an insult to the South,
but of no practical injury.
I believe there is but one other question which
is assigned as a reason for immediate disunion;
and that is, the Republican party deny to the South
her just rights and equality in the common Terri-
tories. This is true; but ldo think, as statesmen
and patriots, discarding all passion and prejudice,
we ought to take a practical view of every ques-
tion which presents itself for our consideration.
There is no Territory now open, to which their
doctrine of congressional prohibition can apply.
Does not prudcnce require us to wait until a case
arises, when our constitutional rights are denied,
before we break up a great and good Government
like this? I will never consent to do it because a
party hold opinionsagainstmy section, unless they
undertake to execute them.
I believe, sir, I have noticed all the prominent
causes of complaint which we of the South allege
against the Republicans and Abolitionists of the
North, except their interference with our social
institutions by incendiaries, armed traitors, and
fiendish book-writers. I shall not stop to resur-
rect the bones of John Brown. A sheriff of my
State erected a monument to his memory the day
before his death which stands as a warning more
potent than anything I could say. Nor will 1
bringto light that infamous Helper book. Itsday,
I hope, is past. Its introduction in this House
killed one Speaker, made another, filled the pock-
ets of its felon author, and accomplished for him
the real object he had in view. This is enough.
Sir, having surveyed the whole field, is there
any evil of which we so justly complain which
would be remedied by disunion? Disunion will
not execute the fugitive slave bill. On the con-
trary, it will wipe it out. Disunion will not repeal
those obnoxious laws. Dissolution willnotgive
us any more rights in the Territories than we have
now. Dissolution will not stop the mails or the
printing of books. These evils will all existafter
dissolution, and, I fear, in a more aggravated form
than now.
Amid the great excitement which pervades the
whole South, I think it well to give expression to
these thoughts, that we may not act too hastily
in a matter of such thrilling and vital importance;
but act coolly, calmly, thoughtfully, and wisely,
as considerate men directing the destinies of con-
stitutional liberty, and the fate of a great people.
Permit me to say to you of the Republican
party, that you hold, as I believe, the Union in
your liands. You can save it; and you alone can.
The cotton States are gone. They want no com-
promise, if we are to believe what some of their
Representatives on this floor said. On the second
day of the present session, when an effort was
being made to raise a committee with the view of
compromising the difficulties which now beset us,
Mr. Hawkins, of Florida, said he would not vote
to raise a committee for that purpose, " for I am
opposed, and I believe my State is, to all and
every compromise. The day of compromise is
past." Mr. Singleton, of Mississippi, said: "I
was not sent here to make any compromise, or to
patch up existing difficulties." Mr. Miles, of
South Carolina, announced that South Carolina
would go out of the Union on the 17th instant.
Mr. Pugii, of Alabama, said: " As my State uf
Alabama intends following South Carolina out of
the Union by the 10th of January next, I pay no
attention to any action in this body." Mr. Breck-
inridge said, in December, 1859: "The Repre-
sentatives from Georgia, from South Carolina,
from Alabama, from Mississippi, not to speak of
other southern States, say that they represent
their constituents; nay, say that they do not go
as far as their constituents, and they declare that
tkey arc ready at any moment for a separate confed-
eracy.' ' I cannot refrain from using his own patri-
otic language which next follows, 'God forbid
that such a "thing should take place I'" Thus it
appears that these States were ready at any mo-
ment, as far back as 1859, for a separate confed-
eracy. Therefore, I see no hope of prevailing on
them to pause now.
But you, gentlemen of the Republican party,
by coming forward like men, and rendering justice
to the South, can prevent any further rupture in
the Government until the border States, by a firm
and conciliatory course, can adjust with you ail
the pending difficulties. This being done, I think
those States would return. The Union would
then be on a more permanent basis than ever be-
fore. The ever-glorious flag of the stars and
stripes, with its " red, white, and blue," would
once more float in triumph from our Capitol;and
from every State-house and every hill-top, with
every star and every stripe, would wave over the
happiest and freest people on earth. But if you
persist that you have done no wrong, will make
no compromise or concessions, mark what I tell
you, that, right or wrong, the day is not distant
when every slave State will be out of this Union,
Does the South make any demand inconsistent
with your rights ? Does she ask you to yield any
principle or right of property? Does she ask you
to yield or sacrifice any opinion you hold? She
only asks that her property, her constitutional
rights, and her institutions, may be respected and
preserved, and that you shall not so exercise your
opinions as to do injustice to her. But you say
there is no cause for this excitement at the South.
Admit you so think: yet you must confess, the
South just as honestly believes there is such cause.
Then, is it not your duty to rally to your coun-
try and save it from total destruction, when you
can do it without yielding any principle or right
you hold dear? Does not your own self-preser-
vation require it? Does not the unsettled condi-
tion of your section, as well as mine, require it>
Does not the reduction of the price of every staple
you produce require it? Do not your idle facto-
ries and your working classes require it? Do not
your closed banks, your stagnated commerce,
require it? Yea, does not every consideration of
patriotism, as well as duty to your people, demand
it? I trust you will meet this question as its im-
portance demands, not stopping; to inquire the
cause or want of cause for the existing difficulties,
but come forward in a prompt and patriotic man-
ner to apply the remedy, and thus preserve the
life of the Constitution and the Union—a Union
which, despite theassaultsof foes within andfoes
without, has gone on in its rapid strides to glory
and grandeur unprecedented in the history of na-
tions. Sirs, the world looks to this Republic as
the only living and, so far, successful experi-
mentoffrecgovcrnment. Greece,Rome,Poland,
France, have all failed and passed away. I pray
that this, our own free and happy country, may
not share the direful fate of alt others, and thus
prove the tyrant's maxim that" man is not capa-
ble of self-government."
It is said all the States should go out with a
view to reconstruction. I prefer that the remain-
ing States should adjust all questions of dispute,
and the States now out will soon return. Recon-
struct! Reconstruct! As well try to reconstruct
the shattered vase or to tie up Niagara m a hand-
kerchief, and put it in your pocket, or reconstruct
the earth after it shall have been consumed by fire,
as to attempt to reconstruct this Government after
it shall have been divided by Mason and Dixon's
line. Tear down to build up; go out to come in;
destroy to preserve; shatter to reconstruct, are
theories beyond my comprehension. Sir, they
arc mere delusions or fascinating arguments to get
us out of the Union. That being accomplished,
we will be answered as the cotton States now an-
swer Virginia's appeal: "We are out forever;
we want no guarantees; we will nevercome back."
Let the friends of adjustment and Union stand
firm, and all our troubles will yet be settled. If
not here, then let the conventions of the remain-
ing slave States present a fair basis of .settlement
to the people of the North. It would, I am sure,
be accepted; and peace would once more reign su-
preme in our land. Let the people, North and
South, have control of the question, and it will
he settled. Sir, wc arc now brought to consider if
there is any plan by which those unhappy defer-
ences can be adjusted. I confess I can see none
which better commends itself to all sections than !
that offered by the venerable Senator from Ken-
tucky, [Mr Crittenden.] I think both sections
can come to this proposition without any sacri-
fice of a practical question, and I shall endeavor
to show this. It provides, first, that the Consti-
tution shall be so amended that slavery can never
be interfered with in the States. I shall not stop
to discuss this branch of the question, as a large
majority of the Republicans, as I am informed,
are willing to vote for it, and, of course, all south-
ern men and northern Democrats will. The next
is, it proposes to divide the Territories by the line
of 36° 30'—all north to be free; all south, slavery
to be protected.
By the decision of the Supreme Court, the South
has a right to carry slaves into all the Territories,
and have them protected. The South is willing
to give up the right to carry slaves north of 36°
30', if you gentlemen of the Republican party will
agree to protect slavery south of that line. True,
slavery n^ver would go north of that line; but
the South surrenders the right to take them there.
It is equally true that slavery will never need pro-
tection south of that line in any of our territory.
Then, the South agrees to yield the right to carry
slaves where, by the laws of nature, slavery never
can go; and she asks you, in turn, to agree to pro
tect slavery where it never will need it. Then the
surrerder of principle is mutual. The surrender
of any practical, useful right, is made by neither.
For, by your Chicago platform, you only propose
to prohibit slavery " where necessary; and, as
it can never be necessary, you donoteven violate
your party platform, about which you have said
so much. Mr. Breckinridge said, m December,
1859, "the territorial question is nearly fought
out—yes, fought out." Since then, Kansas has
been admitted; which, I think, determines all that
is practical in regard to the Territories. Kansas
is a free State. You have got the flesh and the
marrow of the Territories, will you not divide the
bone ? Or will you break up the Government
rather than agree to protect slavery where it will
never be required? Will you not come to this
fair and equitable division of an abstraction, and
give peace to the country ? I think the judgment
of the people, north as well as south, will say
you ought to do it.
The Crittenden amendment, then, proposes to
incorporate it into the Constitution, that slavery
shall not be abolished in this District, in the forts,
dock-yards, navy-yards, &c. You of the Repub-
lican party say you have no idea of interfering
with slavery in these places, but they are matters
too insignificant for a constitutional amendment,
and that you are willing to pass resolutions ex-
pressive of your feelings on this subject, to assure
the South. But, sirs, the South have fears on
these points, and she only asks you now to place
it beyond your power to do what you say you
havenoideaofdoing,byinsertingsuch an amend-
ment in the Constitution. When you can give
us this, and not even violate your party creed, as
you state it, will you do it? Ought you not to do
it? Is it asking too much, that you shall put it
beyond your power to do that which you say you
have no idea of doing ? Surely not. Then, gen-
tlemen, come forward in a spirit of brotherly love
and give these guarantees to the South. The dis-
tinguished gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Sherman]
said, if this Government was broken up, it would
be divided into more than two Governments; that
the man was now living who would be the Na-
poleon of some military despotism in this coun-
try. If this be true, I ask the gentleman, who
now sits before me, when that awful period ar-
rives, and his neighbors and friends appeal to
him to know if that state of things could have been
avoided, what will be his answer* His answer
will be, sir: " We could have avoided them if it had
not been for the Chicago platform. But we had
to stick to the platform, and in sticking to the
platform we lost the Government." Yes, stand to
the platform, while the pillars of the Government
are giving way beneath us. Destroy the Govern-
ment, and what becomes of you and your party
platform? Your platform will fall with your
country; while you may rise to be the44 Napoleon
of a despotism." No parties then; no platforms
then. No, gentlemen, no; lotus not contemplate
such scenes as these, but aveit the terrible calam-
ity ere it be too late. We can do it; we ought t<fc
