154
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 5,
36th Cong....2d Sess.
An Undivided Country—Mr. Moore.
Ho. of Reps.
doit; we must do it. If I had the power, I would
say, you shall do it.
In 1850, when the country was convulsed from
center to circumference on this very question, Mr.
-Webster, rising to the dignity and importance of
the crisis, voted against the Wilmot proviso. He
said he was the author of that measure, but that
he would never exercise it when it would have no
practical effect, but only wound and insult his
southern brethren. Can you not do as he did—
that man of patriot heart, whose mind so far soared
above his peers, that where others halted, weary
in their flight, "he stooped to touch the loftiest
thought?" Will you, like the sage of Marshfield,
come to the rescue of your country, and save it
from total destruction? Or will you, under the
name of " executing the laws,"
" Let slip the dogs of war?"
If you fail to do the former, but do the latter, I
have no threats, no prophesies, to make. I only
ask you to remember that u the race is notalways
to the swift, nor the battle to the strong.3" Vir-
ginia calls upon Massachusetts—the same Mas-
sachusetts to whose relief she fled 44 in the clays
that tried men's souls." Let the spirit which
animated the elder Adams, when he arose in the
continental Congress and said: " Mr. President,
I nominate George Washington, of Virginia, as
commander-in-chief of the armies of the United
Colonies," but animate his descendants now. Yes,
let us be governed by the patriotism of that man,
Who, with the sage of Monticello, gave to the
world the Declaration of Independence. Let us
preserve the rich legacy given to us by those pa-
triots who lived together, who worked together,
and who, under the providence of God, on the
same day—the anniversary of American inde-
pendence—died together. Virginiacalls upon you,
her sons of the great Northwest, to rally to the
rescue of your country. She gave you an em-
pire. She gave you the sturdy sons who felled
the forest and tilled the field. She gave you all
you possess. She has a right to command your
services; and she does command them. Will you
obey? Or will you, in the spirit of black ingrat-
itude, like the adder, turn upon her and sting her?
Or will you,likeSamson,to show your strength,
tear down the pillars which support the temple,
and bury all in one undistinguished ruin? Then,
will you force the old mother to exclaim:* "Hear
O heavens! and give ear, O earth! I have nour-
ished and brought up children, and they have re-
belled against me !"
Mr. Speaker, let us think of the honest millions,
the support and the pillars of the Government,
who, unobserved, watch with such deep solici-
tude the condition of their country. "None see
their pure devotion, none their tears, their faith
and love which burn within them "fortheircoun-
try. Think, oh! think, I entreat you, think of
them ! But if you will have no regard for the hon-
est people who have made you what you arc, and
who arc not responsible lor the burdens with
which they are now afilicted, then think of our
great Government, now the pride of America, the
admiration of the world. Divide us, disseverour
States and erect petty confederacies, warring with
cach other, in their stead, and none will be found
so poor as to do us reverence. Sir, I confess it
grieves my heart when 1 sec gentlemen on that
side of the Chamber sit, with so much indifference,
as State after State is shooting from its sphere-,
when they must well know that unless something
be done, and that promptly, too, there is danger
that every slave State, whether right or wrong, will
be gone—gone, and forever. Nor can I witness
with less feeling the glad smile which is produced
on others as the lightning's flash brings the same
sad intelligence, it is to me like the smile which
plays upon the face as " the blood conies gurgling
forth from out the throat of the wild suicide."
Sir, my own State, Virginia, has elected her
delegates to deliberate upon her welfare and hei
destiny; and while her action may be against my
judgment, yet, when it is taken, then her lot be-
comes my lot; her fate my fate; her destiny my
destiny. Her will, not mine, he done. But my
prayer is that we may yet heal the breach; that
some Ararat will swell above the flood, or some
dove will bear the olive branch of peace;
" And all the clouds that lowered upon oui house,
In the deep bosom of tlie ocean buried,"
and that the bow of promise, of peace, of pros-
perity, of happiness, of unity and love, may once
more span our political heavens.
But, when all efforts at compromise fail, and
all be lost; and when the wickedness of men has
destroyed the best Government on earth, and
plunged a nation into blood; when the American
eagle shall drop the olive branch of peace, and
" grasp only the arrows of war;" when brother
shall rise against brother, and father against son,
and anarchy and "confusion worse confounded''
shall reign supreme; when, from an innocentand
outraged people, the sound will ring in the ears of
the guilty, "ye knew your duty, but ye did it
not;" and when, from a thousand guilty tongues,
it will be echoed back, in the language of the mur-
derer Macbeth, "Thou canst not say I did it;"
let us trust in Him who holds the destinies of men
and the destinies of nations in His hand; in Him
who creates the storm and directs the whirlwind;
for it is sweet to know,
" There's a divinity that shapes our ends,
Hough-hew them how we will."
Heaven and earth will witness, if my country
must fall, I am innocent.
AN UNDIVIDED COUNTRY.
SPEECH OF HON. L. T. MOOEE,
OF KENTUCKY,
In the House of Representatives,
February 5, 1861.
The House having under consideration the report from
the sciect committee of thirty-three—
Mr. MOORE, of Kentucky, said:
Mr. Speaker; During all the general debates
in this House which have occurred since I have
been a member, I have been silent; because I
believed that nothing which I could say would
have any influence on the members of this House;
and, so far as my constituents are concerned, I
prefer to address them face to face. Fearing,
however, that those generous constituents who
have honored me with the position which I hum-
bly hold here us their Repiesentativc might re-
gard my silence at this time as the result of culpa-
ble indifference to the sad drama which is now
being enacted in our national theater, I shall at-
tempt, from an imperative sense of duty, to say
.something for the preservation of my country,
if it be alone faintly to articulate, " God save the
Union !" In pronouncing this benediction, I but
feebly utter the devotion of my people to the Union
of these States.
Kentucky, sir, cannot be disloyal to this Union
while there is impressed upon her bosom the les-
sons of her most,gifted son, by the monument which
marks the resting place of his mortal remains.
The eloquent Clay, when speaking on an occa-
sion somewhat similar to this, when our Union
was trembling from " turret to foundation stone"
under thesevero pressure of the slavery agitation,
said:
" It may be asked me when I shall be for a dissolution
of tins Union. I answer, nevei ! nevui! never
In thus speaking he contemplated this Govern-
ment as a beneficent protector, not as an engine of
oppression and wrong. He believed that its pow-
ers would be exerted for the vindication of rights
and the demolition of wrong. He contemplated
it as fulfilling the designs of its founders, as they
arc marked out in the Constitution, and not as an
agent to execute the behests of party. This con-
stitutional Union he would never consent to de-
stroy. Kentucky, from her patriotic heart, gives
a responsive echo to the sentiment of her eloquent
dead.
1 am not one of those, sir, who believe that a
State has a constitutional right to sccede from this
Union. The claim of such a right is an unjust
animadversion upon the wisdom and patriotism
of the founders of the Federal Government. It is
an insult to their sagacity, to pretend that they
implanted in the Constitution, which they de-
signed as the vital agent of this Government, and
to be immortal, the seeds of its own destruction.
An examination of the debates, cotemporaneous
with the adoption of the Constitution by the sev-
eral States, will, I think, satisfy any mind in the
impartial searchfor historic tjuth,thatsuch a right
was never contemplated by any of the States, at the
time they formed the Union. Take, for instance,
the exposition of the mode for destroying the
General Government, given in the Virginia con-
vention by one of its bitterest opponents—I mean
Mr* Hcn?y  He said:
"1 have said that I thought this a consolidated Govern-
ment. 1 will now prove it. Will the great rights of the
people be secure by this Government ? Suppose it should
prove oppressive: how can it be altered ? Our bill of rights
declares 'that a majority of the community hath an indu-
bitable, inalienable, and indefeasible right to reform, alter,
or abolish it, in such manner as shali be judged most con-
ducive to the public weal.5 T have just proved that one
tenth, or less, of the people of America, a most despicable
minority, may prevent this refonn or alteration. Suppose
the people of Virginia should wish to alter their govern-
ment: can a majority of them do it ? No; because they are
connected with other men; or, in other words, consolidated
with other States." ****<  xhis Gov-
ernment is not Virginia, but an American Government."
From this, it is plain to see that Mr. Henry
regarded the Constitution of the United States as
the formation of an independent and sovereign
Government, so far as the powers were granted
to that Government by that instrument, and one
which could be dissolved or destroyed alone by
the same powers that created it—the people—the
sovereign people. There being nothing in the
Constitution warranting the right of secession,
the politicians of the Calhoun school claim that
the right is inherent in State sovereignty; and as
an argument to sustain this position, they contend
that the Constitution was formed as a compact
between coequal sovereign States; that having no
common arbiter to whom they can refer the ques-
tion of the violation of that compact, the States
must necessarily judge of its infractions and adopt
their own measures of redress; and those States
which have passed ordinances of secession justify
their unconstitutional acts by charging upon cer-
tain northern States of this Union a violation of
the Constitution, or the " compact of Union," as
they term it, by the enactments of personal lib-
erty bills; and that a violation of a compact by
one of the parties relieves the other from its obli-
gations.
Now, sir, how stand the facts in this particular?
There are some of the northern States who have,
in a spirit of malignity, and m criminal disregard
of their constitutional obligations, passed laws to
prevent the execution of the fugitive slave law.
These States, though, form but a portion of the
parties to this compact. A vast majority of the
parties have been faithful to their engagements;
yet the secessionists, with a bald sophistry un-
worthy the name of argument, contend that they
have a right to abolish the General Government;
they have a right to violate all the engagements
which they have entered into with the Federal
Union and the States forming it; they have a right
to deprive the faithful States of their share of the
blessings resultiugfrom the Union, because some
others of the States have been faithless to their
constitutional duty. This, sir, is visiting the in-
iquities of the sinful upon the heads of the inno-
cent. This is ix heresy finding no apology except
in the radicalism of the times.
I contend that the States have, in the Constitu-
tion, chosen a common arbiter to settle the ques-
tion arising under that instrument, which, from
its organization, is eminently proper to decide
between the separate States or the contending sec-
tions. That arbiter is the Supreme Court, the
judges of which are appointed by the President,
with the advice and consent of the Senate. That
they might have no political paitialiiy to serve,
and no partisan malice to satisfy, they are ap-
pointed for life, that they may be independent of
President and Senate. That this is the chosen
arbiter of the States and the people, the Consti-
tution and the fathers of the Republic both estab-
lish. In section one of article three of the Con-
stitution, will be found the clause which \ ests the
judicial power of the Government. It is as fol-
lows:
"The judicial power of the United States bhall bo vested
in one Supreme Court and in such inferior court? as the
Congress may from time to time oidain and establish,55 &e.
In the second section, it says:
"The judicial power shall extend to all cases in law and
oqmiyaii«ing under this Constitution, the laws of the
United States," &c.
Is it not plain, from this, that the Supreme Court
must decide upon the constitutionality of the laws
