788
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 4,
dell has not one cent interest In the concern, or
rather he will not receive a cent of the purchase
money. I say it on the authority of those who
hold the controlling interest in the building. But,
suppose he did own it, what was that to us? We
were looking simply to the interests of the Gov-
ernment. 1 care not who owns the office. I un-
dertake to say that it is the best printing office m
the United States; and if gentlemen wish to verify
that fact, let them jump into a carriage when they
leave the House and visit it with this report of the
Superintendent of the Public Printing in their
hands. The measurer of the Capitol extension
examined the building and estimated its present
value, and the result was as follows: He says
the building would now cost $54,000 to erect to-
day. What did the Superintendent pay for it?
Forty thousand dollars, a saving upon this esti-
mate of $14,000 upon the building alone.
One gentleman has referred to the binding. I
shall be glad, indeed, when this binding shall be
transferred to this Government establishment; but
when he remarks that $25,000 could have been
saved if other parties had received the binding, I
deny it. It is not true. I am aware that a certain
gentleman of his acquaintance put in an offer to do
the work at a lower rate, after the work was given
out; an irresponsible man, a bankrupt, as I am
informed, pecuniarily; not a binder, and therefore
not a proper person to do the work. If the binding
had been given to him, I have no doubt it would
have been done in some sort of a way at some soit
of a price.
Mr. KUNKEL. I will say, now, what I en-
deavored to say a short time since in reply to the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Stanton,] and that
is, that the House Committee on Printing made a
contract for the binding at the rate of forty cents
per volume quarto, while the Senate made a con-
tract for its binding at seventy-live cents p'er vol-
ume quarto. It is proper, therefore, in connection
with the remarks of the gentleman from Ohio,
that the ConmiiLtee on Printing of this House
should be vindicated from the charge made against
it in reference to this specific contract for printing.
Under that contract, the House pays much less for
the same work than is paid by the Senate.
Mr. GURLEY. The Senate gave out the bind-
ing at seventy-five cents and twelve and a half
cents; while the committee of the House gave it
out at forty cents and twelve cents, or nearly one
hundred per cent, less, taking the two works,
than the Senate. The members of this House
will bear testimony that ours is the best binding
that has ever been done in this city. It is so cer-
tified to by all connected with the Superintendent's
office and others.
Now, a word in reference to the printing office
that has been purchased. I am assured by the
Superintendent that every press in that office is in
good working order to-day; and as to the type,
we need not dispute about it here, for each mem-
ber has before him the bills, leports, and other
documents, which have been oidered to be printed
upon it from time to time. They will decide for
themselves whether the type is good or not. For
myself', I say that the type is excellent; and that
no printing need be better than that now done for
this House.
I am aware, Mr. Chairman, that there is com-
petition in this matter. I am aware that there is
another printing office, the owner of which would
be glad to sell it to the Government. The Super-
intendent and the Secretary of the Interior, I be-
lieve, looked carefully into that office, and found
insuperable objections to it.
Mr. PHELPS, by unanimous consent, then
withdrew his amendment.
Mr. BRANCH. Mr. Chairman, at the last
session of Congress—in consequence of the fact
that we had heard for several years, as was re-
marked by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Stan-
ton,] the name of Cornelius Wendell and others
connected with allegations of great impropriety,
in respect of our public printing—Congress passed
a bill to establish a Government printing office.
I voted for that bill; andl have not as yet had any
reason to doubt the propriety of the vote I then
gave. Under the law, we authorized theSuperin-
tendentof the Public Printing either to purchase
materials for an establishment or to purchase an
establishment already erected, and to make a con-
tract for it, subject to the approval of the Joint
Committee on Printing of the two Houses. It
has been officially reported to us that the Superin-
tendent of the Public Printing has, in pursuance of
lav/, entered into a contract which has received
the sanction, not only of the Joint Committee on
Printing, but also of the Secretary of the Interior.
The question now presented to us, sir, is not
whether the law was a good one which the last
Congress passed, or whether this contract is favor-
able to the Government; but whether we shall
abide by a contiact, and carry it out, which was
made under a law passed by ourselves.
Gentlemen say that the contract is an injudi-
cious one. If that be so, the Committee on Pub-
lic Printing and the Superintendent of the Public
Printing are responsible to Congress for what they
have done. If there was any corruption in the
purchase, investigate it and ascertain the fact. If
it can be shown that there has been corruption,
then I will go as far as the furthest in the pun-
ishment of all those connected with such corrup-
tion.' But no allegation of that sort is made. No
proof is brought forward even to excite a suspi-
cion that there has been corruption on the part of
anybody in this transaction. The Superintendent
of the Public Printing has done what we author-
ized him by law to do. He has made a contract
which is a subsisting and binding contract on the
Government. Congress, according to my view of
it, is in honor bound to carry out that contract, and
pay the money under its provisions. If gentlemen
think there has been anything improper aboutit,
let them institute an investigation, and we can
suspend this appropriation long enough to ascer-
tain whether the party owning this office has been
guilty of corruption. If he has been guilty, and
it can be shown, then we may annul this contract.
Until such charges are made, 1 hold that it is the
duty of Congress to make this appropriation to
pay for the office that has been purchased, and in
every way to carry out this contract, which ap-
pears to have been made in stiict conformity to
the authority which we ourselves conferred. It
appears to me, under the present circumstances,
without some further allegations than those made
here in this debate, we are consuming time unne-
cessarily in discussing whether it was a judicious
contract or not, because; under the law, we are
bound to carry it out.
Mr. STANTON. Mr. Chairman, I regret very
much that my colleague has seen fit to endeavor,
in thisde.bate.ashehas done heretofore, to cast an"
imputation or aspersion upon the character of the
gentleman who made the bid to which he refers.
I know that gentleman well; and if poverty be a
crime in the estimation of my colleague, perhaps
the people who sent him here would like to know
it. I know, as I have said, the gentleman he re-
fers to well; and, without meaning any disparage-
ment to my colleague, I will say to him that he
ought to be proud to be regarded as socially and
intellectually his equal.
In reference to the contract to which he refers, I
have something to say which 1 know, and which
is established by sworn proof. 1 do not know
what the Senate contract is. It may be worse
than the House contract. But I know that the
House committee was offered, by a responsible
party, a bid abundantly guarantied to do the bind-
ing for the House at forty cents per volume, quar-
to,and ten cents per volume, octavo. I know that
that bid was made at three o'clock, the day after
the Committee on Printing was appointed. I
know more. I know that John C. Rives offered
to do the House binding at eight cents and seven
mills per volume, octavo, and thirty-five ccnts
per volume, quarto. 1 know that those bids were
refused, and that the contract was awarded to a po-
litical editor, residing at Columbus, the capital of
my colleague's own State, and the organ of adis-
tinguishod politician of that State, and awarded
at a price amounting m the aggregate to $25,000
more than it was bid for by a competent and re-
sponsible party. That I know; and there is no
controversy about it. I know more. I know
that, at the last session of Congress, the gentleman
from Maine offered a resolution in this House in-
structing the Committee on Printing to inquire
into the expediency of letting the contract for
binding out to the lowest bidder. It was sent to
the Committee on Printing,of which my colleague
is chairman; but it has never yet been reported
back. The reason why, I do not know.
Mr. BRANCH, by unanimous consent, with-
diew his amendment.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope we will now have
a vote on the amendment.
Mr. FOUKE. I move to amend by increasing
the appropriation five dollars.
Mr. GURLEY. I wish to say a word.
The CHAIRMAN. Thegentleman must have
an amendment.
Mr. GURLEY. I move to increase the appro-
priation one dollar. I want to say a word inreply
to my colleague. We had given out the binding
before the proposition to which my colleague al-
ludes came in. The author of the proposal first
bid at a higher rate than we gave the binding out
at; but finding that the contract was given to an-
other, afterwards sent in a lower bid from pure
malice, as subsequent development showed.
Mr. FOUKE. I have not yielded the floor.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair understood the
gentleman to yield.
Mr. FOUKE. Only for an explanation.
Mr. GURLEY. I will not occupy the floor
long. The Senate gave out the binding at a much
higher rate than we did. The gentleman who did
the binding for the session previous to the last,
complained that he lost money on his contract,
and he came to the Senate with an extra claim -
for losses sustained in doing the binding. Yet he
received more than is now allowed to the binders
for this House. To cut the matter short, I say
you can get the binding done in this town for
almost any price. At least, men will agree to do
the binding at any price; but, sir, before they get
through they will come to Congress and ask for
extra pay, with a good prospect of receiving it.
Wo gave out the binding at 51 fair and honest rate,
as every man knows who is in that business, and
as was demonstrated before the Senate committee
last year.
Mr. McCLERNAND. I desire to ask a ques-
tion right there. Wasitbecause other contractors
asked an advance upon their contract prices that
the committee offered to contract at a higher price
than was bid by others?
Mr GURLEY. The Senate binders came back
for extra pay, although they received a higher
price than we gave the binder of the House. They
undertook to show, and did show, before a com-
mittee of the Senate, that they lost money. If
you would have good binding, you must pay a
fair price. Many of your books which have been
heretofore bound come to pieces by very slight
handling, and in passing through the mails. We
can get such binding done at almost any price.
Irresponsible men are willing to take work of the
Government below cost, do it badly, and come in
for extra pay. The very man who made tlje bid
for binding referred to by my colleague, came to
my own house last winter and demanded the bind-
ing for partisan services, at old prices, seventy-
five cents and twelve and a half cents, almost a
hundred per cent, more than we now pay for it;
and threatened that if we did not give it to him,
he would send in a bid for it below cost, and then
call for an investigating committee, and expose ihe
whole thing. An investigation of this subject was
made before the Senate King committee "last ses-
sion, and his doings were exposed to his own
damage, instead of ours, as any one can see by
the report of that committee.
Mr. FOUKE. I know nothing about the mat-
ters which have been discussed upon this floor in
reference to the expenditures of the two branches
of Congress. I wish merely to state that, at the
first session of the present Congress, I opposed
and voted against the proposition that this Gov-
ernment should go into the business of public
printing, and establish a public printing office for
the printing of the two branches of Congress. But
as that proposition has been carried,and a bill is
now before us making an appropriation for the .
purpose of establishing a printing office for the
Government, and the purchasing of this particu-
lar property for that end, I am m favor of the ap-
propriation, and in favor of purchasing the iden-
tical office which is named 111 this bill. I am in
favor of it for the reason that if we were to go to
work to establish a new office for thisGovernment,
by erecting buildings and entering into contracts
with employes, we would find, in the end, that
the expenditure would amount to more than the
$135,000 which it is proposed now to appropriate.
I will admit—and I have no doubt of it—that
the amount proposed to be appropriated is more
than the property is worth; but this building,
