1861.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ist
36tii Cong....2d Sess.
State of the Union—Mr. Humphrey.
Ho. of Reps.
lecogmzes the condition of each; and they would
tear it in fragments to accomplish the purpose of
freeing both. Others, and a still larger class, are
ambitions for fame and position. Finding they
have no chance in a Government of the magnitude
of ours, they seek to diminish its size to the cal-
iber of their intellectual standard.
And, Mr. Speaker, the means they are using
to effect their ungodly work must succeed if not
arrested. How shall we arrest it? I say, by con-
cession. It was by concession our Government
was founded; and nothing but compromise will
perpetuate its existence. Starving and languish-
ing industry implores us to concede; stagnant and
cnppled commerce invokes us to concede; an out-
raged and indignant people demands that we con-
cede; a provoked yet merciful God in thunder
tones commands us to concede. A God was sacri-
ficed that a world might be saved. Can we not
sacrifice the demon of sectional hate to save a
country like this ?
it has been suggested by some that disunion
may be prevented by a resort to force. This is
using the wedge to connect the log. It is keeping
the peace by declaring war. I submit, sir, that
an attempt to coerce recusant States would so-
lidify the South, and bring upon the plains of
war, fighting for their section, Kentucky's sons,
whose deeds of valor have heretofore been dis-
played alone for the honor of the whole nation.
To say that no vein of Kentucky would bleed in
such a war, is to ignore the history of her gallant
dead in all of the past; for their valor is written
in blood upon the sands of the northern lakes,
and traced in fossil records on the ariddeseits
of the far-off South. Her acute ear has always
caught the first note of the tocsin of war, and her
agile feet have always been found in the path of
battle. If war must come, in the vanguard look
for her troops; and where the fight is fiercest, and
the missiles deadliest, may be seen the white
plumes of her chivalrous boys, waving like Ney's
annd the legions of France. No army can be
marched through her borders to invade a sister
State, without making every plain therein a battle
field, and every mountain pass a Thermopylae.
Other means mustbeusedto save the Union. Can
they not be found? I hope, I trust, they can.
Let it not be said of the American people, as was
rccoidcd of ancient Israel, "The ox knoweth his
owner, the ass his master's crib; but Israel doth
not know; my people doth not consider."
STATE OF THE UNION.
SPEECH OF HON. J. HUMPHREY,
OF iNBff YORK,
In the Hobse of Representatives,
February fi, 18g1.
The House having under consideration the report from
the select committee of thirty-three—
Mr. HUMPHREY said:
Mr. Speaker: The debates of this session of
Congress present a most extraordinary spectacle
to the world. We are here in the Capitol of the
United States. This is the Congress of the United
States—the great central, controlling department
of the Federal Government. We constitute the
popular branch of that Congress, standing nearest
the people; their immediate Representatives, com-
missioned by them to exercise for them that sov-
ereignty which they, in the plenitude of their
power, have conferred on the Federal Govern-
ment. And each of us is bound by the most sol-
emn act winch can be performed in this world—
by that pledge which makes God its witness, and,
if violated, its avenger—to maintain the Constitu-
tion of that Government in our own hearts, by our
own acts, and against all enemies. And yet, sir,
it is here, in both Chambers of this Capitol, that
we have had the strange, sad spectacle of men to
whose protecting care this Government has been
committed, who still bore its commissions, and
had not yet abjured their allegiance, tasking the
powers of intellects trained in the subtile schools
of legal casuistry to drain and exhaust, one by
one, the vital forces of the Constitution; rustling
their senatoiial robes, and jostling each other in
their cage rand indecent haste to surrender its fran-
chises, to cripple its powers, and to sully its honor_
Sir, the question which has been cast upon this
generation to decide, and which confronts us now,
is, whether this national Government of ours is
a splendid delusion or a reality—a house of caids,
to be demolished by a breath, or an enduring
structure, resting on immovable foundations,like
the great stones of the Capitol, laid far down
out of sight, by Cyclopean builders. For one, I
| have lived and expect to die in the latter faith,
j We have not gone on for seventy years exercis-
| ing all the highest functions of a great nation,
| levying war, concluding peace, making treaties,
j borrowing hundreds of millions of dollars, in all
i the maikcts of the world, to confess at this late
| day that we have been an impudent, though till no w
a successful pretender.
Mr. Speaker, I regard all other questions as
utterly insignificant in the presence of this new
heresy of State supremacy and State secession.
The moment that principle is acknowledged, our
whole political system is pronounced a failure,
and this great Government, so long the wonder
of the world for its admirable union of flexibility
and strength, of individual liberty and national
power, falls into hopeless ruin. Nothing will
then remain for us but an immediate choice be-
tween two inevitable alternatives: to be broken up
into petty discordant Republics, or to address our-
selves to the task of organizing a new consolidated
Government, in which the liberties of the citizen
or the subject must be subordinated to the power
and greatness of the State.
I do not now propose to discuss at length these
new doctrines. These fatal errors all rest, in my
judgment, upon false ideas of State sovereignty.
Thcie has been so much loose talking 011 this
subject that it may not be a waste of the time of
the House to subject it for a few moments to the
test of historical scrutiny.
The popular phrase of the day is, that the States
are about to " resume theiroriginal sovereignty!"
Sir, I will not stop to ask when it was that such
a State as Florida, which we first bought with
our money, and then rendered habitable by vast
expenditures; which we found a wretched pro-
vincial dependency of Spain, and, with generous
bounty, raised to the name and dignity of a State—
a rank which, to this hour, she could not sustain
a month, unprotected by a stronger power—every
man, woman, and child in which has cost this
Government a round thousand dollars per capita;
I will not stop to inquire when it was that such a
State was ever, in any proper sense of the term,
an independent sovereignty.
I turn from those States which now lift their par-
ricidal hands against the author of their being,
the time-honored thirteen. Sir, if South Caro-
lina be now, indeed, a sovereign and independ-
ent State, 1 take leave to say that she has enjoyed
that transcendentdignity and power but two short
months in all the tinie since the colonists sent out
by Ashley Cooper, Earl of Shaftsbury, landed
upon the banks of the rivers to which his names
were given. Sir, at what moment of time did South
Carolina ever stand among the nations of the earth
as a sovereign State, exercising the supreme pow-
ers which pertain to that condition? When did she
achieve for herself that independence of which she
boasts? Nay, sir, that I may not seem to rest this
argument on any comparison of services in the
revolutionary struggle, when did even Massachu-
setts, whose flaming sword shone ever far in the
front of that struggle; who contributed to it more
men and munitions of war than all the southern
States united; when did even Massachusetts de-
clare, or achieve, or possess a separate independent
nationality ? Gentlemen speak of this Union as if
thirteen separate States or Republics, each pos-
sessed of all the attributes of highest sovereignty,
long used to the exercise of all supremo powers,
accustomed to declare war, to conclude peace, to
negotiate solemn treaties, and to confer with co-
equal potentates through stately embassies, had
met at Philadelphia in 1787, each represented by
grave plenipotentiary ambassadors, and there had
formed a league for ceitam commercial and mili-
tary purposes, revocable at the will of either of
the high contracting powers.
Mr. Speaker, these thirteen independent nations
never existed except in the brains of political the-
orists. Pie is a superficial student of our consti-
tutional history who does not recognize the idea
that union long preceded the ideaofindependency,
and that nationality had its origin long before
State sovereignty was dreamed of. The germ of
our American unity was planted almost as early,as
the first seed-corn was cast into the quick and vir-
gin bosom of the New World. This sentiment of
nationality found its outward expression at the
earliest periods, in formal confederacies of the col-
onies.
In 1643, the four New England colonies, Plym*
outh, Massachusetts Bay, Hartford, and New
Haven, only five years after Davenport set up his
"seven pillars" in the latter beautiful plain, en-
tered into a "union," which they styled "afirm
and perfect league," comprised in twelve articles
of confederation, and providing for an annual
"congress" of two commissioners from each col-
ony. There is no time in this short hour to trace
this ever-growing principle of nationality through
the succeeding century of colonial existence; but
no fact stands out more clearly than that when,
at last, the people began to gird themselves for the
assertion of independence, it was as one nation.
The first movements looked to united action.
It was for "our American liberties "that James
Otis spoke, with his tongue of fire, in Faneuil
Hall; while, from out the heart of Virginia, Pat-
rick Henry thundered back his denunciations of
the " Boston port bill." On the Gth of June, 1765,
Otis advised, in the House of Representatives of
Boston, the calling of a Congress in New York
in October following, which motion was adopted.
Mark the language of this forerunner of the Rev-
olution, whose words seemed sometimes to par-
take of a prophetic extacy:
" We must have a Union which shall knit and work into
the very blood and bones of the oiiginal system every re-
gion as fast as settled."
Sir, the first State to respond was South Caro-
lina, through Christopher Gadsden; the next was
Georgia; then followed Pennsylvania, Rhode
Island, Delaware, Connecticut, Maryland. The
Congress met in October, 1765; and it was then
that Christopher Gadsden uttered the sentiment
of all hearts:
" There ought to be no New England man, no New
Yorker, known on the continent; but ail of us Americans.'*
Hear again the noble words of this South Caro-
linian of the olden time:
" Nothing will save us but acting together. The prov-
ince that endeavois to aet separately must foil with the
rest, and be bianded besides with everlasting infamy."
Ten years passed away, and this complete na-
tional oneness was announced to the world in the
most solemn act of union ever proclaimed by
any people. The Declaration of Independence
was also a declaration of indivisible nationality.
In its own very first words, it was "one people"
which then assumed their " separate and equal
station among the Powers of the earth," and, as
such, demanded and obtained recognition. Read
the immortal State papers of that revolutionary
Congress, which drew forth the fervent praises
of Chatham and Burke, and see how instinct they
are with nationality.
Mr. Speaker, I think a more careful historical
review than I have time now to make, will vin-
dicate the truth of the following propositions:
1. The colonies, prior to'the Revolution, were
dependencies of the Crown of Great Britain, own-
ing allegiance to it, and asserting no separate sov-
ereignty.
2. During this colonial existence, the people,
while preserving the separate franchises contained
in their charters and certain distinct municipal in-
stitutions, grew naturally togetherinto one nation,
comprising not a league merely, but an integral
organization.
3. When the time came to assert a distinct na-
tionality, the erection of twelve or thirteen petty
republics entered into no man's imagination, but
the people established the first rudimentary form
of a national Government. They organized a
power, which they called a Congress, investing
it with some of the highest prerogatives of sover-
eignty.
4. This power, representing the national will,
declared the colonies to be independent, not of
each other, but of the Kingdom of Great Britain.
It levied war, achieved the independence thus
declared, and concluded peace.
5. The independence thus achieved was that of
