1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
741
week since, extending the privilege of the floor of
the Senate to Governors and Ex-Governors of the
States; and after two successive trials, I could not
even get the resolution taken up It was objected
to, by gentlemen who had a perfect right to ob-
ject. If we cannot allow the admission of those
who are at the head of our Suites, especially in
the present aspect of our national affairs, as it re-
gards the power of the States over this Govern-
ment, i certainly do not think we ought to extend
it to others, however honorable or however mer-
itorious. I must therefore vote against the prop-
osition.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas *21, nays 17; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Rigler, Bragg, Cameron, DLx-
on, Douglas, Fi!cli, Gwin, Hunter, Jolin.xm of Tennessee,
Kennedy, Latham. Mason, Nicholson, Peaice, Powell,
Pugh, Rice, Saulsbuiy, Sebastian, and Wigfall—21.
NAYS—Messrs. Bingham, Chandler, Clark, Collamer,
Fcsjsemlen, Foot, Foster, Halo, Hemphill, Johnson of Aik-
an<-a-, King, Polk, Seward, Sumner, Ttumbu)!, Wade,
and Wilson—17.
So the motion to take up the resolutkrfi was
agreed to. 1/
LOAN BILL. V
The VICE PRESIDENT. The hour of half
past twelve o'clock having arrived, it is the duty
of the Chair to call up the special oider, which is
the loan bill.
The Senate accordingly, as in Committee of the
Whole, proceeded to consider the bill (H. R. No.
972) to authorize a loan. It proposes to authorize
the President of the United States, at any time
before the 1st day of July next, to borrow, on the
credit of the United States, a sum not exceeding
$25,000,000, or so much thereof as, in his opinion,
the exigencies of the public service may require,
to be used in the payment of the currentdemands
upon the Treasury, and for the redemption of
Treasury notes now outstanding, and to replace
in the Treasury any amountof notes which shall
have been paid and received for public dues.
Stock is to be issued for the amount borrowed,
bearing interest not exceeding six per centum per
annum, and to be reimbursed within a period not
beyond twenty years, and notlcss than ten years;
and the Secretary of the Treasury is to be author-
ized, with the consent of the President, to cause
certificates of stock to be prepared, which shall
be signed by the Register, and sealed witlfthe seal
of the Treasury Department, for the amount so
borrowed, in favor of the parties lending the same,
or their assigns, which certificates maybe trans-
ferred on the books of the Treasury, under such
regulations as may be established by the Secre-
tary of the Treasury. No certificate is to be is-
sued for a less sum than §1,000; and whenever
required, the Secretary of theTreasury may cause
coupons of semi-annual interest payable thereon
to be attached to certificates issued under this act.
Any certificate with such coupons of interest at-
tached may be assigned and transferred by deliv-
ery of the same, instead of being transferred on
the books of the Treasury. Before awarding the
loan, the Secretary of the Treasury is to cause
to be inserted m two of the public newspapers of
the city of Washington, and in one or more pub-
lic newspapers in othercities of the United States,
public notice that sealed proposals for such loan
will bo received until a certain day, not less than
ten days from its first insertion in a Washington
paper, the amountof the loan, at what periods
the money shall be paid, if by installments, and
at what places. The sealed proposals are to be
opened, on the day appointed in the notice, in the
presence of such persons as may choose to attend,
and the proposals decided by the Secretary of the
Treasury, who is to accept the most favorable
offered by responsible bidders for the stock; and
the Secretary is to report to Congress, at the com-
mencement of the next session, the amount of
money borrowed under this act, and of whom,
and on what terms it shall have been obtained,
with an abstract or brief statement of all the pro-
posals submitted for the same, distinguishing be-
tween those accepted and those rejected, with a
detailed statement of the expense of making the
loans. The faith of the United States is pledged
by this enactment for the due payment of the
interest and the redemption of the principal of the
stock.
The first amendment of the Committee on Fi-
nance was to insert the word " loan" in section
three, line six, after the word " such;" so as to
read, " sealed proposals for such loan will be
received," &c.
Mr. PEARCE. It is merely a verbal amend-
ment.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert as a new
section:
Sec. 5. Jind be it further cnactcdf That the act of June
23, 1860, entitled An act authorizing a loan, andpioviding
for the redemption of notes," be, and the same is, hereby
repealed.
Mr. PEARCE. It is proper that I should make
to the Senate a brief statement, showing the neces-
sity for the speedy passage of this bill. By the
act of the 22d of June of last year, we authorized
a loan of $21,000,000, to bear six per cent, inter-
est, and to be issued at not less than par, the pro-
ceeds to be used only in redeeming Treasury notes
or in replacing in the T roasury the amountof notes
otherwise paid or received for public dues. Only
about seven million and twenty thousand dollars
have been negotiated. It has been found that the
remainder of the loan authorized by that act can-
not be effected upon the terms prescribed. The
act required that tiie money should be loaned at
not less than par. It has been found impossible
to borrow money at par. It therefore has become
absolutely necessary that some other bill should
be introduced, either by way of remedying the ob-
jection to that bill which makes it impossible to
procure money under it, or authorizi ng a new loan.
In the mean time, it appears that more money will
be required for the support of the Government,
before the 30th day of June next, than the balance
which has not yet been negotiated under the act
of June 22, 1860. The Secretary of theTreasury,
on the 18th day of last month, addressed a letter to
the Committee of Wdys and Means of the House
of Representatives, from which letter I have ob-
tained the following information: I find that the
amount which will be required at the Treasury to
the 30th day of June, for the support of the Gov-
ernment, and the payment of Tieasury notes, will
be §44,077,524. Tl\e receipts to the same time are
estimated far below the usual average. In October
last, it was supposed that the revenue from cus-
toms would give about fifteen million dollars for
thatquarter. Instead of that, it yielded butabout
eight million dollars. Six million dollars of goods
imported into the port of New York were thrown
into warehouses and bonded, and, of course, do
notenterinto consumption, oradd totherevenueof
the quarter. To that extent the anticipated rev-
enue was diminished. This furnishes us a means
of calculation as to the future. In these times of
monetary derangement, and what is still worse,
of political convulsion, it. is impossible to make an
accurate calculation, or an estimate approaching
to what the reality may piove to be, or at least to
make one which can be relied upon with anything
like confidence. The Secretary, however, with
all the lights before him, says he has estimated
that it is not at all probable that wo can derive
from the revenue from customs from the 1st of
January to the 30th of June, 1861, more than six-
teen million dollars. The duties from customs
may not amount even to that much; but that is the
largest amount which he thinks it safe to expect.
Then, the revenue from public lands is very much
less than was anticipated. It was supposed, six
months ago, that the revenue from public lands
would amount to some two and a half million per
annum. Instead of that, the revenue for the last fis-
cal quarter was but $250,000; and the Secretary, I
think very prudently, estimates that we cannot
realize more, at the most, than one million dollars
from that source piior to the 30th of June next..
From miscellaneous sources, he estimates that
$400,000 may be expected. The very largest
amount, then, of revenue from all sources upon
which we can calculate up to the 30th of June
next, is about seventeen million four hundred thou-
sand dollars; and even this may be reduced. Now,
the demands upon the Treasury up to that time
are estimated at §44,077,000. The demand for
this sum will be occasioned, not merely by the
ordinary and current expenditures of the Govern-
ment, but by the necessity of providing lor over
nine million dollars of Treasury notes, under the
act of 1857, which are now outstanding. On the
1st January there were between eleven and twelve
million dollars outstanding and liable to be pre-
sented. Of these, §2,500,000 were redeemed be-
tween the 1st and 14th of January, Nine mil-
lion two hundred and eleven thousand dollars
remained on the latterdayoutstanding,and liable
to be presented at the Treasury. To pay these
notes, and meet the ordinary expenditures of Gov-
ernment, will require nearly twenty-two million
dollars during the fiscal year, in audition to the
estimated receipts of §17,400,000.
The loan is for §25,000,000. That will leave
nearly three and one third million more than the
Secretary hasat present estimated; but unforeseen,
demands upon the Treasury may come in. The
estimates have been made, not upon the actual
appropriations, but the estimated expenditure
under these appropriations. A larger sum, there-
fore, than thus estimated may be called foratthe
Treasury. It is but proper that we should have
a margin, a surplus to enable the Treasury to get
along decently. The bill is for §25,000,000. The
time of advertisement is ten days, instead of thirty
days, as was provided under the act of the 22d
June last, and the stock may be negotiated at less
than par. It is obvious that, if the Secretary be
restrained to an advertisement of thirty days, he
cannot receive any money during the continuance
of this Administration; and this Administration
will go out in disgrace, and the next come in with-
out a dollar to carry on the Government.
I apprehend, sir, that some Senators are of the
opinion that the amount of this loan is too large.
I think I have shown that it is not so. I am very
well satisfied that it is not the desire of any mem-
ber of the Committee on Finance, or of tne Sec-
retary of the Treasury, or of the President, that
any part of this loan should be appropriated to
purposes of coercion. I do not see, indeed, what
portion of it could be so used; since the amount
to be retained in the Treasury, if these estimates
are altogether accurate, would be less than the
amount which it lias been usually considered
proper to have at the command of the Govern-
ment to meet unforeseen demands. At all events,
it is a very small excess above what will be abso-
lutely required in all human probability; certainly
not such an amountas would justify the suspicion
that it was intended to carry on war against the
acceding States. I am very free to say that, if I
believed so, I should not have assented to the bill.
I have no idea that this Union can be maintained
or restored by force. Nor do I believe in the value
of a Union which can only be kept together by
dint of military force I have not, therefore, given
my consent to this bill, except as I believe that it
is necessary for the ordinary expenses of the Gov-
ernment, without reference to unusual military
operations.
If any explanations are necessary,which I have
not given and which I can give, I will do so with
pleasure.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr. President, I sup-
pose the immediate question is on the-amendment
proposing an additional section?
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is the ques-
tion.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Of that the Senator has
not spoken. I presume there is no very consid-
erable dilFerence of opinion between the two sides
of the Chamber, with reference to the propriety
of the loan itself. After the statement made by
the chairman of the Committee on Finance, every-
body must understand that the amount of money
asked for is necessary to the ordinary working of
the Government. The actual appropriations will
take about twenty-two million dollars, as stated,
and §3,000,000 is not a very large margin for un-
expected calls that may be made, and always are
made, upon the Treasury, especially in the present
state of the revenues of the country. Therefore,
so far as the §25,000,000 are concerned,! suppose
no one can doubt the propriety of passing a bill
to borrow that amount of money.
The question arises—the only question that
there was in the committee, and which arose, in
fact, after the committee had agreed to report the
bill—whether it is expedient to repeal the previous
loan bill—the act of last June, authorizing a loan
of §20,000,000—or to leave that as it stands. With
reference to that, the explanation is very simple.
The expenditure of any money that may be ob-
tained under that bill is limited to one specific ob-
ject, which is the retiiemcntof the §30,000,000 of
Tieasury notes then outstanding. Itcanbeappro-
priated to nothing else. As we all know, we failed
to get the money under that bill, for reasons which
are very well understood by ail. Consequently,
