158
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February C>,
36th Cong....2d Sess.
State of the Union—Mr. Humphrey.
Ho. of Reps.
" the United States," not of any separate State.
The States were called sovereign; but the sover-
eignty of neither was inherent, self-derived, nor
did it ever exist in severalty. It was achieved
and upheld by the United States, was qualified by
its relations to that organization which represented
the whole nation,ana was,inanimportantsense,
dependent upon the confederated Power to which
it owed such attributes of sovereignty as it did
6. No State, therefore, even under the old Con-
federation , could in good faith, after the peace, have
repudiated its connection with the rest, and thus
have deprived the whole of that national unity
•which alt had fought to establish. Thus it was
properly callcd a " perpetual Union."
7. The old Congress exercised the highest at-
tributes of sovereignty—forming alliances with
foreign Powers, accrediting embassadors, nego-
tiating loans, issuing bills of credit, signing and
confirming treaties, declaring and conducting war,
and concluding peace. And the citizens of the
whole country sustained its supremacy, transfer-
ring, in effect, their allegiance from the Crown of
Great Britain, in all matters of national concern,
to this new Government of the United States, as
an integral political power.
8. At last, when the nation outgrew this organ-
ization, the people formed " a new and more per-
fect Union" under our present Constitution.
Mr. KUNKEL. Will the gentleman from New
York yield the floor a moment?
Mr. HUMPHREY. Certainly.
Mr. KUNKEL. So far as Maryland is con-
cerned, the gentleman from New York is in error.
That State declined to ratify and sign the Articles
of Confederation,and remained out of the Confed-
eracy long after independence was declared.
Mr. HUMPHREY. True; but during those
two years Maryland was in no sense independent.
"The honorable gentleman refers to the Articles of
Confederation, signed by most of the States in
1779. These articles did not create the Union,
They simply defined the powers of the existing
Union, and made itperpotual. Maryland had for
years been a member of that Union. Her dele-
gates sat in Congress during the whole of this
period in which she withheld that formal ratifi-
cation, and iiad joined in that most solemn act of
Union, the Declaration of Independence. I need
not say how well that noble State performed her
part in supporting this united declaration. Sir,
I have a right to speak on this subject, for in the
city in which I live, in a beautiful wood, now
happily perpetually reserved for a public park,
there is a quiet ravine which once resounded with
the clash of arms. There, sir, in the disastrous
battle of Long Island, an entire Maryland regi-
ment, the flower of the youth of tlmtgallant State,
surrounded by overpowering numbers of British
and Hessian troops, were literally cut to pieces,
disdaining to surrender, and fighting to the last
for the liberties of the United States, upon the
soil of New York. Sir, I cannot accept a dis-
claimer which would separate Maryland for a
single day ftom that Union in behalf of which
she offered up this precious sacrifice.
Thus, Mr. Speaker, this national germ, shoot-
ing up at first almost unobserved among those
other precious growths, liberty, learning, civ-
ilization, religion, in the earliest spring time of
our history, growing, by the inward forces of its
organic life, developing gradually from rudiment-
ary to more and more perfect forms, striking its
tenacious roots more deeply into its native earth
as it wrestled with revolutionary storms, at last
attained its mature proportions and its full, con-
summate flower,
1 do not enter upon the argument drawn from
the language of the Constitution and the declared
opinions of its framers. That argument was ex-
hausted thirty years ago, in this Capitol, in those
great orations which have been rescued by their
genius and eloquence from the quick mortality
which waits upon congressional debates, and will
live so long as the Constitution lives, which we
fondly hope will be immortal.
Sir, I do not mean to waste my short hour in
discussing the right of secession. I designed only
to suggest how idle it is for States to be solemnly
" resuming" a sovereignty which they never for
an instant possessed.
But, sir, it is no longer an issue to be met by
argument. Six States of this Union have already
declared their purpose to maintain it by an appeal
to arms. Others assert the same right, and threaten
to exercise it, unless certain demands are complied
with. The question, then, which confronts us is:
shall this right be conceded? Before this issue all
other questions vanish out of sight. On its de-
cision the very existence of the Government hangs
suspended. Questions of slavery and anti-sla-
very; of territorial occupation; of fugitive slave
laws and personal liberty bills are all trivial and
temporary in the comparison of this. They re-
gard the policy and the administration of the State.
This touches its life. Compromises, concessions,
are of small importance now, except as they affect
this overshadowing issue. When they are pro-
posed, I have but one question first to ask: will
their discussion concede this right of secession?
Ifit may be so construed, then I dare not take one
step in that direction. What seems to some the un-
yielding attitude of the Republican party in this
great crisis, may perhaps find some apology with
generous minds who appreciate this exigency of
its position. The distinguished gentleman from
North Carolina, whose eloquent appeals the other
day on this floor touched all hearts, referred, re-
proachfully but kindly, to what seemed to him
almost indifference on this side of the Chamber.
Nay, nay, say not that it is a" cold icy stoicism "
that repels your warm appeals. If wc are motion-
less amid this convulsion, it is not from insensi-
bility; but because, standing now upon the Con-
stitution of our fathers, we can find no other solid
ground on which to plant an advancing footstep.
Believe me, this is no" sullen silence "that reigns
on this side of the Chamber, when you appeal to
us to offer concession to save the Union. It is a
solemn fear that such concessions may prove its
speedy and comphtc dismemberment.
I speak not now of the States which have already
revolted, which have seized our forts, fired upon our
vessels, plundered our treasuries, and are in armed
rebellion. I have yet to see the fust loyal citizen
who proposes to offer any terms to these men
till they have returned to their allegiance. True
men do not negotiate with traitors. Government
does not compound with treason. But for those
States which remain loyal, which abide by the
Constitution and the Union in this hour of peril;
which falter not in this time of trial, I know not
what rational demand they would make which I
could refuse. I know not what generous conces-
sions which did not involve the surrender of some
vital principle could be withheld from them. What
we cannot yield to menace without dishonor, we
may gracefully offer to a friendly hand. We can-
not avert secession by compromise, because that
would be the most distinct recognition of secession
as a right. We cannot purchase allegiance, for
that would be to admit the right to withhold it.
Mr. Speaker, I believe that 1 speak the senti-
ments of the Republican party, when I say that
so long as we were left free to act with the just
respect due to ourselves and to the Government,
we were inclined to give the most favorable consid-
eration to every complaint of injury, from what-
ever quarter it might come. To those who sought
redress within the Union, and under the Consti-
tution, for real or fancied wrongs, we were ever
ready to listen,and no grievance would be unheard
or unredressed.
It was in this spirit that the committee of thir-
ty-three entered upon its duties. It was in this
spirit that I, as a member of thatcommittee, gave
my consent to a portion of its measures. But
since those votes were taken, events more rapid
than our careful steps have completely changed
the aspect of the question. With the Gulf States
it has become simply a question of power; with
the other slavehokhng States, I hope it is still a
question of loyalty; but with neither, I fear, is it
longer a question of compromise. This is not the
time for nicely weighing adjustments and meas-
uring out reciprocal concessions. Other elements
have now entered into the problem, and must
control its solution.
Mr. Speaker, before we enter upon any plan of
adjustment of these unhappy controversies, it
would seem to be most important to be well as-
sured that the proposed measures will be accepted
as a complete and satisfactory adjustment. If, in
the face of those menaces of secession, but pro-
testing against any recognition of that fatal prin-
ciple, we should adopt the measures of this com-
mittee, what encouragement have we to believe
that they will be satisfactory even to the border
States? The territorial proposition—the consent
to admit New Mexico as a State, and thus for-
ever to extinguish the whole subject of contro-
versy by disposing of all the territory to which
a question can attach, the only mode of adjust-
ment, I fear, which will not compromise the prin-
ciples on which a great party has just been in-
trusted with power, and which will not shock the
moral sense of more than half the people of the
Union—this proposition met too little favor, I
thought, with southern gentlemen in committee,
and f fear finds less in this House. Two distin-
guished members—the gentleman from Virginia
and the gentleman fromTenncssee—reject it here
as they did in committee. If even those gentle-
men, so patriotic, so devoted to the Union, cannot
lend to the measure the sanction of their celebrated
names and wide influence, what can we hope to
effect by it?
Sir, I feel sensibly the objections which are
urged on this side of the House to the adoption of
this measure, growing out of the present condition
of this Territory; but after resorting to all means
of information to which I have had access, I am
satisfied that these objections have been over-
stated; and at all events, 1 am sure that this Ter-
ritory is in a far better condition for admission
than Florida was when she was received, and I
might perhaps extend the parallel to other States.
Sir, this mode of settling this vexed territorial
question seems to me to be complete and final in
itself, and consistent with the honor and dignity
of all parties and sections. I do not regard it as
a" concession" or a " compromise," words to the
sound of which my friends are so nervously sen-
sitive. It simply is a mode of removing the cause
of quarrel. It effectually relieves the Federal Gov-
ernment from all complicity with slavery. It calls
for no recognition,extension, or protection of this
institution. It submits the question to be decided
at once by the parties to whom, by universal con-
sent, its final decision is to be referred—the people,
in the formation of their State constitution. Aside
from the conceded right of every State to detei m-
ine this question for itself, this right is specially
pledged to this people by the provisions of the
organic act of 1850, by the condition of the cession
of the territory by Texas, by a law which par-
takes also, in a degree, of the faith of a contract
and the sacredness of a treaty. Surely, if New
Mexico were now at our doors, with her constitu-
tion in her hand, we could not refuse her admis-
sion, whatever might be the. provisions of that
constitution on the subject of slavery. Nor is it
now a point to be considered, either by the Noi th
or by the South, how the people may decidc this
question. If they decidc it in favor of freedom—
as I confidently believe they will do—they will but
exercise a right which no one denies to them.
As was well said by the gentleman fronj Texas,
nobody now proposes to force slavery upon an
unwilling people. If the soil and climate are not
adapted to slavery, and if the people arc not friend-
ly to it, (as after much careful inquiry I feel well
assured they are not,) the South will submit with-
out complaint to the inevitable result.
But, Mr. Speaker, at this critical time 1 cannot
agree to present any proposition which is not in-
vited and accepted m a friendly spirit, which does
not restore the ancient fraternal feeling, which
does not settle forever these questions which dis-
turb our peace, and restore the authority and in-
sure the perpetuity of the national Government.
I greatly fear that this is not the time to accom-
plish these great results.
Here, again, the doctrine of secession confronts
us. This must beabandoned,asafirstcondition;
for I take it, sir, we do not propose to admit New
Mexico as a State to-day, to enable her to walk
coolly off with Texas to-morrow. Two condi-
tions should attend all measures of conciliation
intended to remove popular dissensions:
First, they should reach the true causes of com-
plaint. I believe, sir, no one supposes that any
propositions of compromise, which have come
from any quarter, would propitiate South Caro-
lina, or perhaps any of the seceded States. To
