742
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 5,
in December last, we were obliged to pass another
bill authorizing an issue of #10,000,000 more of
Treasury notes, to meet demands upon the Treas-
ury, principally occasioned—in fact altogether
occasioned—by the failure to get the money under
the previous loan bill. When that bill was passed,
in December, it provided that the money which
mightbe obtained under the loan bill of June last
should be appropriated, as well to the retirement
of those notes—the $10,000,000—which we then
authorized, as the others. That was provided for
distinctly.
The question now arises, as the $25,000,000
which we now propose to borrow will take up all
the outstanding Treasury notes now due or which
may become due within a very short period—
about nine million dollars of them—and is de-
signed to cover that amount: whether we should
repeal the bill of last June or leave that to operate,
in order to meet the #10,000,000 which will become
due next December. That is the simplequestion.
The answer to that will depend simply upon
whether we believe, in the present condition of
things in the country, and as the country will un-
questionably remain for a very considerable por-
tion of the year in an unsettled state, so far as
our revenues from importations are concerncd, it
is probable that the present tariff, if it stands, or
any new one that we may pass, will be likely to
produce revenue enough, not only to meet the
current expenses of the Government next year,
but also to pay this debt of the present Adminis-
tration, which is left open, of $10,000,000. The
House of Representatives thought it was best to
leave this, in order, if the credit of thecountry im-
proves, to pay the $10,000,000, to have something
provided to meet them when tlicy come due to save
the necessity of future legislation; and they ac-
cordingly left that bill as it is. The amendment
is to repeal that bill, and to leave these $10,000,000
of Treasury notes to take their chance on the
Treasury hereafter—next December—when they
become clue. 1 think it would bo very unwise to
d# it; there is no necessity for doing it; on the
contrary, the necessity is rather for letting it re-
main as it is. I am, therefore, opposed to the
amendment.
Mj. PEARCE. As for the Treasury notes
which were issued in December last, and inJan-
uary of the present year, it will be recollected that
they bear a very extraordinary rate of interest—
twelve per cent. 1 think, most of them, though
some are at a loss rate. It is not to be supposed
that these Treasury notes will come upon the
Treasury for redemption at the close of the pres-
ent year. They will be redeemed when the Gov-
ernment shall have funds to redeem them, and the
Treasury shall advertise that it is ready to do so.
No one that holds a Treasury note of the United
States Government, bearing eleven or twelve per
cent, interest, will think of presenting it until re-
quired to do so. The other Treasury notes—
tliose issued under the act of 1857—now in mar-
ket and outstanding, amounting to over nine mil-
lion dollars, are provided for in the $25,000,000
loan bill, which is now before the Senate. 1 do
not think any loan at all is necessary at this time
to provide for the Treasury notes issued last De-
cember and January, since it must be obvious to
every one that they will remain out.
The act of June 22, 1860, was required only
for the purpose of paying off the Treasury notes
which had been issued under former acts; and I
have shown that they have all been redeemed al-
ready, except these $9,000,000, and provision is
made for them by this loan of $25,000,000. Then,
sir, if the service of the Government beyond the
30th of June next be taken into consideration, it
must be remembered that there is another bill
pending in which there is provision for another
large loan—a bill reported by the Senator from
Rhode Island, [Mr. Simmons.] The act of June
82,1860, besides, is impracticable; in the present
condition of the country, or in any condition in
which it is likely to be for some months, it
cannot be of any avail. It seems, therefore, to
be unnecessary to let it remain on the statute-
book.
If peace be restored to the country; if our po-
litical relations resume their former condition,
prosperity will return, too; and, under any tariff,
either that which now exists, or even the one pro-
posed by the Senator from'Rhode Island,I take it,
there will probably be enough revenue for the cur-
rentsupport of the Government; and Ido not think
itis advisable for Congress to be making provisions-
for loans beyond the evident necessity and uses
of the Government. I think, therefore, that while
this bill is intended as a substitute, in part, for the
bill of June 22,1860, we should repeal the act of
June 22d as useless, and as indicating a condition
of things not actually existing. We substitute
for it what is much better, because it is efficient;
because we can probably realize the money at
some rate under it, unless the blindness of polit-
ical hostility shall still further impair the credit
of Government. I take it for granted that before
the end of this session, if it be necessary, though
I can hardly anticipate that, it will be competent
for Congress to provide additional loans, and
those who have the power in both branches of
Congress will be able to effect it at any time they
may desire. I think, therefore, it is better to pass
this amendment.
Mr. HUNTER. I have no objection to this
loan bill, provided the amendment of the Senator
from Mary land be adopted, although it be notgiven
precisely in the shape in which the Secretary of the
Treasury asked for it. He asked that Congress
should make the authority that now exists for bor-
rowing the $13,000,000, not yet negotiated, of the
loan of last year available, and to provide for the
residue of this fiscal year in another bill. The
House of Representatives did not choose to give
it to him in that form, but sent up a loan bill for
$25,000,000; still leaving this authority existing
on the statute-book. Inasmuch as this $25,000,000
is more than he asked for—because what he did
ask for was between twenty-one and twenty-two
million, which he said would be enough till the
1st of July—it seems to me that this is enough to
give him; and I think we ought to repeal the ex-
isting authority which is upon the statute-book.
At this time it cannot be used. It requires that
five per cent, stock shall be put out at par, which
cannot be done. ]n that shape, it cannot be avail-
able to redeem the Treasury notes, as the Senator
from Maryland has said: because every man
would rather hold on to a Treasury note at twelve
per cent, interest than take stock at live per cent,
in exchange for it, which would not probably sell
for more than eighty-three or eighty-four. It is
therefore of no use in that regard; but we leave
an authority upon the statute-book which is of no
use in time of financial difficulty, and which, if it
ever becomes of use, will be atatimevvhen things
are restored; and then there will be this authority
to the Secretary, when, perhaps, he ought not to
haveit. It is better, therefore, I think, to repeal it.
I believe we ought to give him what he asks lor,
and nothing more. I am willing to give him a loan
of $25,000^000; Because I do not suppose, as it
will be sold to the lowest bidder, that he will get
more than $22,000,000. I suppose he will hardly
get more than ninety or ninety-one for it, which
would bring the sum he wants. I am willing,
therefore, to agree to the loan of $25,000,000, pro-
vided the other is repealed.
Mr. SIMMONS obtained the floor
Mr. FESSENDEN. Will the Senator from
Rhode Island allow me a moment to make an
explanation?
Mr. SIMMONS. Yes, sir.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr. President, if it is true,
as the Senator from Virginia supposes, that the
act of June last, as it stands now, will not raise
the money at the rate of interest fixed, it certainly
can do no harm. It cannot become operative until
the Government shall be in better credit, or money
more plenty.
. Mr. HUNTER. When it is in better credit,
the Government does not want it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I am in hopes it will be
in better credit by that time. Now, sir, although
itis not likely that a man would exchange a Treas-
ury note bearing ten or twelve per cent, interest
for a bond bearing five, I suppose the Senator is
aware that we have the power, if we choose, to
i-edeefn those notes at the end of one year, and
then the interest ceases. They do not go on in-
definitely, as long as a person chooses to hold
them. To be sure, they are issued for a year,
and for that period they bear this rate of interest;
but it will be our interest to have the money, and
to retire those notes as early as practicable; and
if we can then exchange an instrument bearing
five or six per cent, for one bearing ten or twelve,
I suppose it would be a good bargain
Mr. HUNTER. Does the Senator suppose
that we would exchange a bond bearing five per
cent, for a Treasury note? He would have to
give money for it whenever he redeems it, and he
can only get money through this loan by selling
it for money; and he cannot sell it except below
par.
Mr. FESSENDEN. And if we cannot sell,
except at a ruinous rate, we ought not to sell at
all. What I contend for is the power to raise the
money, in case it should be found necessary and
practicable to raise it, at a reasonable rate of in-
terest; that is all.
Now, sir, I believe, or at any rate I hope—yes, I
say I believe—the country will be in a condition,
before these notes become payable, in which the
money can be raised, and raised without diffi-
culty; for the credit of this Government will be
better. I think, in that case, it would be quite
as well to provide the power to raise the money
as it would to let these notes remain out. To be
sure, Congress will meet again at that particular
time; but I should greatly prefer to have the books
properlyijAsted. Let the debt of this Administra-
tion be provided for by this Administration, and
not take this off the statute-books and compel the
incoming Administration to pay a debt that you
contracted. That is the simple question about it.
Mr. HUNTER. Is not a Treasury note as
much a debt as a bond ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Undoubtedly; but it will
be under the law you pass for your purposes. It
does not change the nature of the debt; but the
statement of the account will be more readily and
easily made and understood; and certainly,accord-
ing to the Senator's own showing, it does no harm
with reference to that matter. I do not suppose
it to be of very great importance, for you can pass
a bill at any period. There is no difficulty in pass-
ing bills to borrow money, if anybody is willing
to loan it, to pay the actual debts pressing upon
us; but one argument made by the chairman of
the committee is, that here are $20,000,000 of a
loan provided for in the new tariff bill that has
come here. Will not the same objection be made
to that? Does the Senator intend to say he means
to vote for those $20,000,000?
Mr. PEARCE. Perhaps not.
Mr. FESSENDEN.. Or does the Senator from
Virginia mean to say that he will vote for the
$20,000,000 provided for there ? Not at all. We
shall find them opposing that proposition in that
bill precisely in the same way. What I want to
do, if possible, is to provide for this in advance,
or let it stand provided for, if this will do it. If
it will not, we must find some other mode. I am
not certain that it will; but, at any rate, it can be
tried. It can do no harm. If the money cannot
be raised at that rate, of course it cannot be had
and cannot be expended, and we must try some
other way. If it can, it is proper the incoming
Administration should have the power to raise it
to meet these notes at the time they become due,
by exchanging money procured at the rate of five
per cent, interest, for notes for which we are pay-
ing ten or twelve per cent. That is all there is
about it.
Mr. MASON. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Rhode Island yielded the floor to the Senator from
Maine.
Mr. SIMMONS. I yield to the Senator from
Virginia.
Mr. MASON. I only want to say a word. I
wish to understand this subject, ft" I do under-
stand it, the matter presents itself thus: in June,
1860, Congress passed a law authorizing the loan
referred to by the chairman of the Committee on
Finance. If that loan had been made, a large por-
tion of the present loan would not be wanted. If
that loan had been made, they would not have
asked for the money they now ask for, or a large
portion of it. Why was it not made ^ It was not
made because it was found that the provisions of
the bill would not invite bids for the loan. The
state of the country became altered; and money
could not be obtained upon the terms which the
act of June, 1860, contemplated. Therefore, as
I learn from the chairman of the committee, the
present bill is reported in truth as a substitute pro
tanto for the law of June, 1860. If that law had
done the office expected of it, a large portion of
this loan would not have been asked for.
Mr. FESSENDEN. And the $10,000,000
