1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
743
which we have been obliged to put out since De-
cember would not have been put out.
Mr. MASON. That may be; but to theextent
of $10,000,000, new loans have supplied the func-
tions of this other law of last year. But the Sen-
ator from Maine asks that we shall not only pro-
vide these $25,000,000, butthatwoshall allow that
law to remain upon the statute-book until, by some
reviving condition of the country, it can again be
called into life. Now, he says, as I understand
him, it ought to remain there as a memorial of the
doings of the present Administration, when it shall
cease to exist.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Oh, no; I said no such
thing.
Mr. MASON. In substancc.
Mr. FESSENDEN. No; not in substance.
Mr. MASON. A debt this Administration had
created.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Exactly.
Mr. MASON. Thatitis a memorial of whatthis
Administration did. Sir, it will be a memorial
that will be illusory, and mislead those who rely
upon it; because the truth will be that, becoming
dead by the altered condition of the country, we
supplied its pkice by living matter.
Now, sir, I confess I do not like the plan of
providing these large sums of money at the ruin-
ous rates at which money is now provided. The
condition of the country is altered. The propor-
tions of the Government have been curtailed, and
very materially and seriously curtailed. There is
a high degree of probability that that curtailment
will goon,and thatbythe 4th ofMarch this Gov-
ernment will not exhibit the dimensions that the
Government had on the 4th ofMarch last. The
consequence is, the public mind is unsettled as to
the condition of the Government, as to its ability,
its solvency. The simple fact appears that not
only is State credit far superior to the credit of
the combined States, but individual credit is supe-
rior to both. Any individual can go into the mar-
ket, as I understand, offering substantial private
security, and obtain money upon better terms than
any of the States or the Federal Government. In
that state of things, it seems to me that the ex-
penditures of the Government provided for ought
to be most seriously guarded in making new loans.
I have the assurance of the chairman who reported
this bill, in whom I have great confidence, that
under no circumstances will any part of the money
now asked for be used for any new measures of
the new Administration, if such should be devised,
for the purpose of coercion, force, underthe idea
of executing the laws in the States that have se-
ceded. I shall, therefore, as at present advised,
vote for the bill, provided the amendmentprevails
which will extinguish the existing law authoriz-
ing an additional loan.
Mr. PEARCE. I will add one word. The
amount which remains to be negotiated under (he
act of June 22, I860, is nearly fourteen million
dollars. Wo propose, in this bill, a loan of
$25,000,000. That is $39,000,000. The Senator
from Rhode Island proposes, in his bill, another
loan of $2},000,000. That makes, altogether,
$60,000,000, and that, too, without reference to
the Treasury notes issued since the beginning of
this session of Congress. Does the Senator from
Maine think that the crcdit of the Government
of the United States will be improved and strength-
ened by such an exhibit as that?
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will answer the Senator
in a few words. In an ordinary time, I do not
think the borrowing of $100,000,000, or the at-
tempt to borrow it, by the Government of the
United States, would shake its crcdit at all. It
could go into market, and get it without the slight-
est difficulty in the world, and on favorable terms.
At the present time, under the existing state of
things, I thinkit makes very littledifference. Wo
can get what wc want; but I suppose we shall have
to pay heavily for it.
Mr. PEARCE. This is an extraordinary time.
The Government of the United States has had to
issue its Treasury notes at a rate of interest more
than double that which we paid on Treasury notes
in 1837, and certainly the exhibit of so great a defi-
ciency of means as now requires these extraordi-
nary supplies by loans amounting to §60,000,000,
besides the §10,000,000 of Treasury notes issued
within the last two months, is not calculated at all
to strengthen the credit of the Government of the
United States. The very loa*i which we are now
proposing to authorize can be negotiated on bet-
ter terms if we repeal the act of June 22, 1860.
It will startle capitalists to see that this Govern-
ment is obliged to borrow everything with which
to support the Government for the next year, and
that it is obliged to provide now in advance for
expenses which will not come upon us for a year
or two. I think this will stagger the faith of cap-
italists and impair the credit of the Government;
and looking at it only in that light, it seems to me
that it is eminently proper that we should repe'al
the act of June 22, 1860. But I do not think that
any such amount of loans will be necessary, un-
less the interest and passion of political strife over-
come all prudence and patriotism. Let Congress
adjust pending political difficulties, and the full
tide of general prosperity will seon be in return-
ing flow. For any further loan necessary for the
ordinary operations of Government, I will cheer-
fully vote hereafter.
Mr. SIMMONS. I should prefer not to have
this amendment put in this bill. I intended, after
the passage of this bill, when the other bill which
has been alluded to, reported from the select com-
mittee, of which I was a member, should come up,
to make provision in it for the repeal of this very
law of last June. 1 see now a disposition to re-
peal the law that authorizes the issuing of bonds
for the payment of the Treasury notes which will
be due next January. It is proposed now to re-
peal it when we pass a bill for tne redemption of
the notes which are due from this time to June;
and, at the same time, I see a disposition not to
grant anything to pay those which will be due,
at twelve per cent, interest, in January next.
Now, I should like the chairman of the Commit-
tee on Finance to give his opinion whether, in
case the loan portion of the bill reported from the
select committee should not be passed, he does
not believe it will be indispensable to have money
from some other source to redeem those notes, or
else let them remain at an interest of twelve per
cent.? There is no possibility, by any means,
that the new bill, or the bill we have now on the
statute-book, as a revenue measure, can be ex-
pected to bring in enough to support the Govern-
ment, under the present aspect of affairs.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Will the Senator
from Rhode Island pause a moment? The Chair
had forgotten the special order which was made
for one o'clock, and to which he must call the
attention of the Senate.
Mr. SIMMONS. I hope that will be allowed
to remain a while, until we dispose of this bill.
I shall not occupy five minutes.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair must
call up the special order. It is subject to the
action of the Senate.
Mr. PEARCE. I hope we shall postpone the
consideration of that subject, and proceed with
the present bill. 1 make that motion.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. How does the
Senator get the floor?
Mr. PEAIICE. I take it for granted the dis-
cussion of this bill cannot consume a great deal
more time; and that there will be ample opportu-
nity for the Senator from Tennessee to make his
speech after we shall have disposed of it. If the
Senator desires it, I will move that we proceed
with this bill until two o'clock. I suppose in an
hour's time we can dispose of it. There cannot
be a large discussion.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I understand
that there was a special order for one o'clock, on
which 1 was er t'tied to the floor.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is so.
Mr. PEARCE. I hope the Senator will allow
me to make the motion which I have suggested,
that we be allowed until two o'clock to-day to
continue the discussion of this bill.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I would rather
go on.
Mr. PEARCE. I hope the Senator will con-
sider thatitis very important that this bill should
be passed speedily. The old law requires thirty
days' advertisement. Here we are on the 5th of
February, and we ought to have this loan adver-
tised at once, if it is to be made at all. If the
Government is to be supported, the loan ought to
be advertised promptly, and ten days is the very
least time.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I will make
a compromise. I will say half past one. *
Mr. PEARCE I hope, then, the discussion
will cease, and that we shall pass the bill. I mod-
ify my motion accordingly.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If that be the gen-
eral understanding, the consideration of the pres-
ent bill may be proceeded with until half past one
o'clock. ["Agreed!"]
Mr. SIMMONS. I was saying that the chair-
man of the Committee on Finance can have no
hope that, by any revenue bill wc may pass, we
can expect to get enough money to meet the ex-
penses of the Government in the next ten months.
jNow, I would ask the chairman of the commit-
tee, if he would have any objection to accepting
the pledge that I will give him, that, if he will
waive this amendment for the present, I will agree
to insert it in the other bill when it comes up?
Mr. PEARCE. I do not hear the Senator.
Mr. SIMMONS. I say, if the Senator from
Maryland will withdraw this amendment, to-
morrow, when the other bill comes up, I will agree
to renew it on that, and to provide in that bill that
the loan bill of last year shall be repealed j and if
I cannot convince thatSenator that the loan which
the bill referred to provides for, is wanted, by facts
and figures, I will agree to reduce it to his satis-
faction.
Mr. PEARCE. I have no authority to with-"
draw the amendment. It is by the direction of the
committee that I have submitted it. If the Sen-
ator will allow the vote to be taken, I suppose we
shall soon dispose of this bill, and he can modify
his bill accordingly. I do not see that it will
make much difference.
Mi. SIMMONS. If this is stricken out, I agrea
that this loan is not wanted, and will not proba-
bly be wanted, if the bill thatl reported last week
be passed. Unless it is, you leave yourselves
without any provision. If the chairman of the
committee would agree to withdraw this amend-
ment, I would consent to renew it in that bill.
Several Senators. He has not the power.
Mr. SIMMONS. Very well; let us take a vote
on it. I wish, however, to make one statement
about the amountof this loan, which I think was
omitted to be made. The Secretary of the Treas-
ury estimated that he would "want about twenty-
two million dollars. Since then we have passed
appropriations which he did not include in the
estimates—one of nearly a million dollars for the
return of captured Africans, and other appropri-
ations of that kind not estimated for, amounting
to about three million dollars. They were not
included in his estimates of the 18th of January;
and that is the reason he asks for $25,000,000 now,
to cover those appropriations that have been made,
or that are pending in one House of Congress or
the other, over and above what he estimated for
two weeks ago; and this loan is calculated to sell
at par, and will sell at par, in my judgment.
Mr. HUNTER. Does the Senator say that the
Secretary of the Treasury asks for $25,000,000? S
Mr. SIMMONS. I say that this was made
$25,000,000 to cover the appropriations which
have been made since his estimates.
Mr. HUNTER. The Secretary has only asked
for a sum between twenty-one and twenty-two
million. He has never asked for $25,000,000.
Mr. SIMMONS. He asked for $22,000,000,
without knowing that these appropriations would
be made.
Mr. FESSENDEN. He may not have asked
it in a communication to Congress; but the chair-
man of the Finance Committee knows what the
wishes of the Secretary are on the Subject.
Mr. HUNTER. I think he has never asked
it. The Senator is mistaken.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator from Vir-
ginia had better appeal to the chairman, before he
makes these statements.
Mr. PEARCE. The Secretary of theTreasury
has never asked it, that I know, by any formal
communication; but in his letter of the 18th of
January, he shows the necessity of it, I think; and
I communicated to him on Saturday the fact that
a loan bill for $25,000,000 had been introduced,
and I received an answer from him in which he
makes no objection at all; on the contrary, his
letter of the 18th sejsmsto show, I think, that it is
necessary.
Mr. SIMMONS. I was merely going to explain
how these other §3,000,000 came to be added. It
was not with any view of making a discount of
§3,000,000 on this loan, as the Senator from .Vir-
ginia suggested, for the Secretary calculates to get
