1861.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
159
36tii Gong....2d Sess.
State of the Union—Mr. Humphrey.
Ho. of Reps.
those who have revolted, or propose to revolt,
because a President has been elected who is not
their choice, or because the power and patronage
of the Government is for a time passing into other
hands, it is idle to offer proposals of concession
which do not touch the real grievances. This rea-
son is disowned by some, but not by all who have
entered upon this revolt. If I do not greatly err,
I have heard it avowed in this debate by more
than one member representing a State which has
not yet abjured her allegiance. I must confess,
sir. that the votes of many gentlemen in the com-
mittee upon a resolution introduced by the honor-
able member from Massachusetts, [Mr. Adams,]
which I find omitted in the printed proceedings, but
is sufficiently stated in his minority report, that
these very significantvotesproduced in my mind
a painful fear that the committee had wasted its
time on unimportant issues, while the true causes
of complaint remained, not only untouched, but
unavowed. At all events, sir, we should certainly
lenow, before any action is taken, whether this is
the governing reason; for if it be, then it is not a
question of conciliation, but of surrender. There
is but one mode of completely relieving the con-
troversy of this element, which no compromise
can reach. Let the elected President be regularly
and peacefully inaugurated; and then let us ad-
dress ourselves to those subjects of difference
which shall be presented ill good faith for adjust-
ment.
A second condition which should apply to all
propositions of conciliation is, that they shall be
consistent with the honor and the dignity of the
Government. A majority of the people have just
elected a Chief Magistrate, and elevated the Re-
publican party to power. The very existence of
the Government depends upon the acquiescence
of the minority in that election and the inaugura-
tion of the elected President. No concession can
be granted as a condition of such assumption of
power without the complete dishonor of those who
yield it, and the utter prostration of the authority
of the State. The very fear of such a construc-
tion may prevent propositions in themselves just
and honorable. What must be refused to menace,
might be gracefully yielded to loyal request.
For these reasons, Mr. Speaker, I have very
great doubts whether these grave difficulties can
be settled by this Congress. I think that the great
duties of pacificat'ng the country and reinvigorat-
ing the Government must both be cast upon the
incoming Administration. I believe it will prove
itself equal to the delicate arid difficult task. It
will bring to the work harmonious counsels, en-
ergetic purposes, patriotic impulses, and large
wisdom. It will act freely, without suspicion of
fear or consciousness of weakness. It will have
power which is now everywhere wanted to con-
centrate and to lead public opinion. It will act
independently of the petty prejudices of the day,
for it will move in the domain of history. It may
have at an early day the aid of a Congress fresh
from the people, not embittered as we have been
by two years of intensest conflict. I look forward
to that Administration with steadfast trust and
cheerful hope. But thirty days now intervene
before it assumes the vast responsibilities which
await it. On it will then rest the awful duty of
saving the Republic from impending ruin. Letus
hope it may prove equal to the task which we re-
linquish and worthy of the glory which is denied
to our distracted counsels. When the authority
of the Government is reestablished; when order
is restored; when the tone of the popular mind is
recovered, then will come the time for new and
nice adjustments of constitutional guarantees; and
then let every grievance be redressed in conform-
ity with dignity and honor, and what is far higher
than either, the principles of eternal justice. Thus
and thus only can this great nation be preserved
in its integrity. Then generosity will not be mis-
taken for fear, and liberal, mutual concessions will
strengthen the Government which they might
now demoralize.
Mr. Speaker, I think the difficulty of arriving
now at a practical plan of adjustment has been
greatly increased by the character of the propo-
sitions which have been insisted on in the com-
mittee and in Congress. The most prominent of
these is that which is commended to the favor of
the country by the distinguished name it bears—
the Crittenden proposition. Sir, what is called
by many very influential southern gentlemen the
vital feature of this plan—the provision for future
acquired territory—has been sufficiently com-
mented on by the distinguished gentleman from
Massachusetts.
Mr. Speaker, when was it ever before suggested
in the history of the world that a Christian nation
should incorporate into its fundamental law a
provision declaring the terms upon which it would
divide up the territories of neighboring and friend-
ly States ? Sir, when did a great and prosperous
and happy people ever before break up their own
Government and rush into civil war in a quarrel
over the anticipated spoil of foreign provinces not
yet invaded ? Why, sir, the banditti of southern
Italy first plunder the traveler before they fall out
over the booty. The robber-chiefs of the middle
ages, the founders of European despotism—Henry
the Hawker and Rudolph of Hapsburg—first
overran the weaker provinces around their strong-
holds before they parceled out their conquests by
the sword which had won them.
But, sir, if you strike out this provision, this
proposition can never have my vote. Never, with
my consent, shall the Constitution of these United
States ordain and protect human slavery in any
Territory. Where it exists by law I will recog-
nize it, and defend the rights of the master; but
never, by any act of mine, shall it be extended
over one acre of free territory. But gentlemen
say it already exists by the Constitution in all
the Territories. The gentlemen from Virginia and
from Tennessee say that this bill, in fact, involves
a concession from the South to the North, for it
proposes to exclude the already existing institu-
tion of slavery from all the vast Territories north
of latitude 3GO 30', and they cite the authority of
the Dred Scott case. Mr. Speaker, I am not going
to weary anybody with a discussion of that case.
What it in fact did or did not decide, is of no mo-
ment with me. When cited here, in this House,
as a decision upon a point of constitutional con-
struction, I simply deny its authority.
I listened, last evening, with great pleasure, to
the able and eloquent speech of the honorable
gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Moore,] and I
was so much delighted with its excellent tone and
patriotic devotion to the Union that I am unwill-
ing to take exception to any portion of it. But
I will venture to say that, if I rightly understood
his argument in relation to the province and au-
thority of the Supreme Court, in the construction
of the Constitution, and the duty of Congress to
be governed by those decisions, in all cases, I
differ widely from his conclusions. The result of
his argument would seem to me to erect this tri-
bunal into an arbitrary and absolute political coun-
cil, holding office for life, without responsibility
to the people; with power to change the Consti-
tution at will, and to issue its decrees like the
rescripts of an emperor.
Mr. SIMMS. My colleague is not in his seat;
and it is but just for me to say that the gentleman
does not state his position correctly.
Mr. HUMPHREY. This heresv is not, by
any means, peculiar to the gentleman s colleague.
I do not confine it to him. It formed an import-
ant part of his speech.
Mr. SIMMS. I ask that the gentleman will
allow me for a single moment.
Mr. HUMPHREY. With pleasure, if it is
not to be taken out of my time.
Several Members. It will be
Mr. HUMPHREY. Then I cannotyield. The
gentleman must excuse me. I have much more
to say than I have time to say it in.
Mr. SIMMS. Well, sir, the gentleman mis-
represents the position of my colleague.
Mr. HUMPHREY. I listened to the speech
of the gentleman from Kentucky, last night, with
very great attention, and I do not intend to mis-
represent him. I shall not again refer to him, as
he is not present, but will comment on this doc-
trine—not anew one here—which would regulate
the action of this Government by the decisions of
the Supreme Court, a moment further.
Sir, I desire to speak with great respect of that
venerable court. The habits and studies of my
life have taught me to defer to the authority of
thejudges. I recognize the great power which the
Constitution has conferred upon them. I yield
to their absolute authority over individuals who
are rightfully before them for judgment; but their
power, supreme as it is, is limited to the parties
and the case. It can reach no further. The prin-
ciple involved may be overruled by themselves,
or their successors, and it may be reexamined
when it touches the meaning of the Constitution
by every other department of the Government. It
isnotof very great importance in itself what polit-
ical opinions these very learned gentlemen may
choose to form and express; but the question as
to the power and extent of the authority which
these opinions carry with them, has become one
of the vital issues of the day. If this wide-reach-
ing jurisdiction over the whole sweep of public
affairs shall be acknowledged by the people, as
it seems to have been by some statesmen, then
the people will have found a master; for the power
to change the fundamental law of a nation at will
is equally supreme and despotic, whether placed
in the hands of a single emperor at Paris, a council
of ten in Venice, or a court of nine in Washington.
Mr. Speaker, I yield to no one in my respect
for that court, when acting in its appropriate
sphere. I recognize on that bench judges of great
learning and worth. As a citizen, or a litigant, I
am obliged to submit to their judgment in all cases
to which I am a party, within their jurisdiction.
As a lawyer pleading at their bar, I bow to the
authority of their adjudged cases; but as a legis-
lator, when the construction of that great charter
from which we both alike derive all our power,
and which we are equally bound to maintain, is
involved, as a member of a coordinate and at least
an equal branch of the common Government, their
opinions with me, like those of all others, must
stand or fall by their rendered reasons. Sir, I have
an abiding faith that the people will never submit,
nor allow their Representatives to submit,to any
such doctrine of final and infallible authority; that
they will never suffer this Constitution of theirs
to be overlaid and smothered with legal prece-
dents; will never permit its. fair page to be scrib-
bled over with the glosses of old lawyers, like a
palimpsest, in which some grand ana simple old
classic is obliterated by the black-letter subtilties
of a chapter of chattering monks.
I conclude, at all events, the principle of res ad-
judicata does not govern here. We at least can
so far sink the technics of the lawyer as to banish
from this House the conventional notion that the
last ad judication is therefore the best. Sir, if we
are indeed to accept the opinions of the Supreme
Court as absolute authority to control our votes
here, I for one should prefer to choose the master
by whose words I am to swear. I would go back
to other days—to the Thompsons, the Wash-
ingtons, the Storys, and above all, to the great
Chief Justice. Sir, when I compare the constitu-
tional judgments of thatillustrious jurist, who for
so many years shed upon that tribunal the illu-
minations of his great mind, with the decisions of
some more recent judges, in a late most celebrated
case, I am almost tempted to exclaim with Cicero,
when he compared the Sophists and Sciolists of
his day with his own greatmasterin philosophy,
Malo errare, mthcrcle,cum Platone quamcum isiis
vera sent ire.
Recovering from this digression,! find my inex-
orable hour will not permit me to remark, as I had
intended, in detail, on the other propositions of
this report. I proceed to another topic.
Mr. Speaker, the fashionable phrase of the day
now is reconstruction. Gentlemen speak with a
coolness, which ought in these times to be refresh-
ing, of violently breaking up thisgreatGovernment
for the purpose of reconstructing a better out of its
shattered fragments. Sir, in myjudgmenttherecan
be no more fatal delusion than this. Once make the
separation complete,and youmake it final. If the
spirit of patriotism is so far extinct, if the ancient
fraternal feeling has so utterly died out, that we
are ready to overturn ^his structure, where and
when shall we look for such a revival of both as
shall suffice forits rebuilding? Sir,if this Union
were but an alliance, a league, a partnership, or
whatever other epithet of dishonor you choose to
apply to express the lowest form of contract, such
a reconstruction would be impossible; for it could
not take place without war, immediate or proxi-
mate. When once kindred States have been torn
asunder, and their borders have become battle-
