1861.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
161
36th Cong. ... 2d Sess.
State of the Union—Mr. Trimble.
Ho. of Reps.
difficulty in inciting a rebellion which would make
good their threats. Six States have already se-
ceded from the Confederacy—not peacefully, but
violently. Nearly all of the forts, arsenals, dock-
yards, arms, ammunition, and other property of
the Government within their limits, have been
seized. Armies are raised; troops are marching
to the assault of the only posts still held by the
United States; a vessel of the Government, with
the stars and stripes unfurled, whilst carrying re-
lief to the gallant Major Anderson at Fort Sum-
ter, is fired into; the Federal courts are dissolved;
the revenues seized; and every step taken which
can mark a state of revolution and war.
Thus far have these desperate and desperately
wicked men proceeded in tne execution of their
threat to tear down the fairest temple of liberty
the world has ever seen. The work of destruc-
tion will go on, unless the power of the Govern-
ment, and that greater power, the voice of the peo-
ple, is exerted to arrest it.
The Government has made no attack upon a
single right of these men, or of the States which
they have instigated to rebellion. They, them-
selves, boast that the South has controlled the
Government for fifty years. In all of its depart-
ments, for the last eight years, they have ruled
supreme. And even now, they cannot complain
of any want of sympathy in its Executive for
their treason. No specification of wrongs has
been presented, although there has been no lack
of invective for the purpose of deceiving their
people. In fact, southern men who deny the
justice of the Government towards their section
and its institutions, simply reproach themselves
with infidelity to their own rights and their own
interests.
Mr. Speaker, it has been alleged that the per-
sonal liberty bills, so called, of some of the north-
ern States are a sufficient cause for a disruption of
the Union. Some of these laws were enacted prior
to the passage of the fugitive slave act of 1850;
and all of them, I believe, have been in existence
during at least two Democratic Administrations.
"Why were they never discovered to be a cause
for the dissolution of the Union until now ? Their
ostensible object is to prevent kidnapping; but
our southern brethren allege that they are intended
to interfere with their constitutional right of rc-
claimingtheirfugitive slaves, ltso happens, how-
ever, that the States enacting such laws are neither
troubled with fugitives nor kidnappers, and those
complaining most against them are States from
which few or no slaves escape. While I have no
sympathy with the spirit which prompts to resist-
ance of any Federal law, I must think that undue
importance is given to these personal liberty acts.
If any of them (lo conflict with the constitutional
rights of slaveholders, to that extent they are void;
and it is the fault of those complaining of them
that they have never tested their constitutionality
in the proper courts. Itoughttobe remembered,
Mr. Speaker, (and I was glad that the venerable
Senator from Rhode Island brought the subject to
the notice of the Senate,) that the first personal
libelty bill of Massachusetts, the State against
which Democratic stump orators in the free States,
and disunion Democrats in the South, hurl their
bitterest anathemas, was first introduced and
passed, in 1842, by a Democratic Legislature,and
approved by a Democratic Governor. And fur-
ther, that this Governor was nominated three years
afterwards by a Democratic President to the best
office in JNew England, (collector at Boston,) and
every Democrat then in the Senate of the United
States voted for his confirmation. I think, sir, we
shall find that other evils complained of have a
similar origin.
A change of northern sentiment, as indicated by
the rapid growth of the Republican party, has
excited apprehension that this party may, in the
future, use its power to hem in slavery, and even
to interfere with it in the States, ana is made a
cause of secession. Frivolous and false as such
pretexts are, they have been used both North and
South to awaken fear and arouse sectional ani-
mosity. Who does not know that the Constitu-
tion protects slavery in the States where it exists
" unaer the laws thereof." The protection is am-
ple and complete as that of any right of the citi-
zen. No party or power, under any circum-
stances, (except just such as secessionists are now
New Series—No. 11.
inaugurating,) could interfere with it. Mr. Lin-
coln has 110 more power, as the Executive of the
nation, over this matter than any other citizen.
His political friends are in the minority in both
Houses of Congress, and have neither the incli-
nation nor the power to interfere with it.
Possessing now the best portion of the Ameri-
can continent, in richness of soil, salubrity of
climate,variety and value of products, unsurpassed
by any part of the globe, these wild and crazy
men stretch out their arms to grasp not alone the
barren plains of our own country, but the lands of
our weak and helpless neighbors. The passion
for expansion is caused less by a desire for an en-
larged area for slavery than for an extension of
political power.
The free States have a population of eleven per-
sons to the square mile, while the slave States
have but nine, showing that the North needs ex-
pansion more than the South. There are now
four million slavesin the slaveStates; and, accord-
ing to the estimates presented to this House by
my colleague, [Mr. Corwin,] it will require sixty
million to cultivate the cotton lands alone in these
States. Mom than a hundred years must pass,
away before that period can arrive in the South
when the declaration we so often hear, " we must
expand or die," will be at all appropriate.
The sentiment of the northern people on the
subject of slavery has undergone no change, and
cannot, therefore, be made a pretext for secession.
While "they have never proposed or desired to
interfere with it in the States where it exists,"
they have always been opposed to it, always be-
lieved it to be an evil, and have ever resisted its
extension. Any man reared in the free States,
who professes to love the institution and to advo-
cate its expansion, is regarded in the South with
suspicion, and his honesty doubted. Inthe North
we lcnow him to be apolitical demagogue.
What has been the history of this subject of
slavery? Ofthc original thirteen States composing
the Confederacy, twelve were slaveholding. That
it was regarded as an evil, cannot be doubted.
One of the complaints against the mother country
was, that she had forced it upon the colonies against
their will. With zeal and determined purpose,
the great and good men who achieved our inde-
pendence and framed our admirable Constitution
and system of Government, labored for its extinc-
tion. Most prominent among those who sought
the removal of the evil, were the patriots and states-
men of Virginia. They desired to give to the world
a practical demonstration of the principles which
they had embodied in their Declaration of Inde-
pendence. In conformity with this wish, and the
sentiment of the country, the ordinance of 1787
was passed, which prohibited slavery in all the
territory then belonging to the Government. It
was permitted in the territory from which the
States of Kentucky, Tennessee, Alabama, and
Mississippi were formed, because, either by agree-
ment or express provision in the acts of cession,
Congress was prohibited from interfering with
the institution. State necessity required that the
mouth of the Mississippi should be controlled by
this Government. To secuie this, the Territory
of Louisiana, in which slavery already existed,
was purchased of France for i*>15,000,000. State
necessity demanded the possession of Florida,
where slavery also existed; and it too was pur-
chased of Spain in 1819, for $5,000,000, and has
since cost us more than §50,000,000 to reclaim it
from the Indians. Louisiana was admitted as a
slave State m 1832; but when Missouri, in 1818,
applied for admission, a pait of th«j Representa-
tives from the southern States, and nearly all
from the northern States, resisted her application.
Up to this time,slavery had existed by law in
all the territory the General Government had ever
acquired, at the time of its acquisition. The
Northwestern Territory, at the time it was ceded
by Virginia, was, in law, slave territory—if we
admit that Virginia had a valid title to it—although
slavery did not exist there in fact, because it was
uninhabited. Up to this time, also, it had been
the policy of the Government to permit slavery
to remain in territory where it existed in fact y but
to exclude it from uninhabited country where it
had no existence in fact. But now\ on the appli-
cation of Missouri to come into the Union as a
slave State, the first serious attempt was made to
enforce the ultimate abolition of slavery in terri-^
tory where italready had an actual existence, and
to prohibit its further introduction therein. The
contest assumed a sectional aspect; and so tierce
was the strife in Congress and throughout the
country, as to threaten the safety of the Union,
When the bill to authorize the people of Missouri
to form a constitution and State government came
up in the House of Representatives oh the 13th
of February, 1819, the following amendment was.
offered:
" Jlnd provided also, That the further introduction of
slavery or involuntary servitude be prohibited, except for
the punishment of crimes, whereof the party shall be duly
convicted, and that all children of blaves born within s?U<I
State after the admission thereof into the Union, shah be
free, but may be held to service until the age of twenty-five
years."
On this amendment the vote was—yeas 87, nays
76. Of the eighty-seven yeas, all were from the
free States but one. Of the seventy-six nays,
sixty-six were from slave States, and ten from
free States. In the Senate this amendment was
lost; but, on the final vote in that body for the
admission of Missouri without restriction as to
slavery, the vote was—^yeas 23, nays 21. Of the
yeas, twenty were from slave States, and three
from free States. Of the nays, nineteen were from
free States, and two from Delaware, a slave State.
Among the nays I find the name of my paternal
uncle, Colonel William Trimble, who then rep-
resented Ohio, the State of his adoption, in the
United States Senate. Though reared in a slave
State, and an inheritor of slaves, he had imbibed
the sentiments of a large minority of the people of
the then border slave States, ana in all this strug-
gle, vindicated his convictions by voting against
the further extension of this evil. Some of those
who approved his votes then, would, I fear, de-
nounce him as an Abolitionist now. During the
three years of this Missouri contest, the votes
of northern men exhibit great unanimity, both
against the admission of Missouri with slavery
and the organization of Kansas as a slave Terri-
tory.
These facts, Mr. Speaker, show that public sen-
timent at the North, in opposition to slavery, has
not progressed since 1820. It then manifested
itself against the continuance of slavery in terri-
tory where it already had an actual existence. It
now manifests itself only in opposition to theea-
tension of slavery into free territory, where it has
no existence in law or in fact. In other words,
it manifests itself now in precisely the same phase
that it manifested itself, in the South as well as
the North, at the time of the formation of the
Government, when both sections concurred in
excluding slavery from the great Northwestern
Territory.
The Missouri controversy was practically and
wisely settled, in 1820, by the admission of Mis-
souri without restnetion, and the establishment
of the parallel of 36° 30' as a dividing line through
our then territorial possessions; north of which
slavery was prohibited, and south of which it was,
by implication, allowed. The South then claimed
this compromise as a triumph. The North has
ever since cheerfully yielded to them the fruits of
that triumph, and cordially acquiesced in a com-
promise reluctantly entered into on their part. If
it had been permitted to stand; if it had not been
wickedly abrogated, at the instance of bad and
wicked men, the difficulties which nowafflictour
country, and threaten us with the horrors of civil
war, would never have been visited upon us. If
the reenactment of that compromise, preciselyas
oui fathers made it, and the extension of that line
through all our present territory, would restore
peace and harmony to a distracted country, the
North, I believe, would again acquiesce in such a
settlement. But, Mr. Speaker, those gentlemen
on this floor who claim to be Whigt—Clay Whig*
—whose party existence has. been preserved by
denunciations of Democratic corruptions and the
repeal of this time-honored compromise"—
will not now either offer or accept this measure
of peace.
Mr. Speaker, from this first serious controversy
on the subject of slavery, so amicably adjusted,
to this, which, I trust in God, may be the last,
the people of the North have occupied the same
position of opposition to its extension. Look
through all the legislation of the country, on the
