746
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 5,
introduced authority which had no application to
the question under consideration. The proof that
he gave to show that I had not examined the sub-
ject carefully, was contained in the very extract
that I had quoted and which he said declared that
General "Washington had been informed by the
marshal that he could not execute the laws; and
from the fdct of the marshal being incapable to
execute them, General Washington was called
upon to employ the means, under the Constitution
and the laws, which were necessary to their en-
forcement. it may have been necessary for the
distinguished Senator to inform the Senate and
ihe country that I was not a lawyer; but it was
not necessary to inform anybody that read his
speech and that had the slightest information or
sagacity, that he was a lawyer, and that he was
making a lawyer's speech upon the case before
him; not an argument upon the great principles
of the Government. The speech was a complete
lawyer's speech, and the authorities were summed
up simply to make-out the case on his side; and he
left out all those that would disprove his position.
It required no very great acumen or sagacity to
discover that he was a lawyer; and, on that occa-
sion, I think he showed himself to be a lawyer in
the proper sense of the term, for he made a law-
yer's argument, just suiting the case, leaving out
and not noticing all authorities on the otherside.
That Senator yesterday seemed to be very seri-
ous in regard to the practical operation of the
doctrine of secession. I felt sorry myself, some-
what. I am always reluctant to part with a gen-
tleman with whom I have been associated, and
nothing had transpired to disturb between us those
courteous relations which should always exist be-
tween persons associated on this floor. I thought
the scene was pretty well got up, and was acted
out admirably. The plot was executed to the
very letter. You would have thought that his
people in Louisiana were borne down and seri-
ously oppressed by remaining in this Union of
States. Now, I have an extract before me, from
a speech delivered by that gentleman since the
election of Abraham Lincoln, while the distin-
guished Senator was on the western slope of the
Rocky Mountains, at the city of San Francisco.
He was called upon to make an address; and I
will read an extract from it, which I find in the
New York Times, the editors of which paper said
they had the speech before them; and 1 have con-
sulted a gentleman here who was in California at
the time, and he tells me that the report is correct.
In that speech—after the Senator had spoken some
time with his accustomed eloquence—he uttered
this language:
"Those who prate of, and strive to dissolve this glorious
Confederacy of States, are like those silly savages who let
fly their arrows at the sun in the vain hope of picrcing it!
And still the suit rolls on, unheeding, in its eternal path-
way, shedding light and animation upon all the world."
Even after Lincoln was elected, the Senator
from Louisiana is reported to have said, in the
State of California, and in the city of San Fran-
cisco, that this great Union could not be destroyed.
Those great and intolerable oppressions, of which
we have since heard from him, did not seem to be
flitting across his vision and playing upon his
mind with that vividness and clearness which
were displayed here yesterday. He said, in Cal-
ifornia, that this great Union would go on in its
course, notwithstanding the puny efforts of the
silly savages that were letting fly their arrows with
the prospect of piercing it. What has changed
the Senator's mind on coming from that side of
the continent to this? "What light has broken in
upon him? Has he been struck on his way, like
Paul, when he was journeying from Tarsus to
Damascus? Has some supernatural power dis-
closed to him that his State and his people will be
ruined if they remain in the Union? Where do
we find the distinguished Senator only at the last
session? On the 22d of May, last, when he
made his celebrated reply to the Senator from Illi-
nois, [Mr. Douglas,] the Senator from Louisi-
ana, alluding to the contest for the Senate, be-
tween Mr. Lincoln and Mr. Douglas, saifl:
" In that contest, the two candidates for the Senate of the
United States, in the State of Illinois, went before their
people. They agreed to discuss the issues; they put ques-
tions to each other for answer; and I must say here—for
1 must be just to all—that I have been surprised in the
oxaminauoH that I made again, within the last few days,
of this discussion between Mr. Lincoln and Mr. Douglas,
to find that, on several point*, Mr. Lincoln is a tar more
conservative man, unless he has since changed his opinion,
than I had supposed him to be. There was no dodging on
his part. Mr. Douglas started with his questions. Here
they are, with Mr. Lincoln's answers."
The impression evidently made on the public
mind then, before the presidential election, was
that Lincoln, the rank Abolitionist now, was more
conservative than Mr. Douglas;and he said fur-
ther, after reading the questions put by Mr. Lin-
coln, and his answers to them:
" It is impossible, Mr. President, however we may differ
in opinion with the man, not to admiio the perfect candor
and frankness with which the answers were given; no
equivocation; no evasion."
Since that speech was made, since the Senator
has traversed from California to this point, the
grievances, the oppressions of Louisiana, have
become so great that she is justified in going out
of the Union, taking into her possession the cus-
tom-house, the mint, the navigation of the Mis-
sissippi river, the forts, and arsenals. Where are
we? " Oh, consistency, thou art a jewel, much
to be admired, but rarely to be found."
Mr. President, I never do things by halves. I
am against this doctrine entirely. T commenced
making war upon it—a war for the Constitution
and the Union—and I intend to sink or swim upon
it. [Applause in the galleries.] In the remarks
that I made on the 39th of December, I discussed
at some length the alleged right of secession. I
repudiated the whole doctrine. I introduced au-
thorities to show its unsoundness, and made de-
ductions from those authorities which have not
been answered to this day; but by innuendo and
indirection, without reference to the person who
used the authorities, attempts have been made to
answer the speech. Let those who can answer
the speech, answer the authorities; answer the
conclusions which have been deduced from them.
I was more than gratified, shortly afterwards, when
one of the distinguished Senators from Virginia
[Mr. Hunter] delivered aspcechupon this floor,
which it was apparent to all bad been studied
closely; which had been digested thoroughly;
which, in the language of another, had been conned
and set down in a note-book, and got by note;
not only the sentences constructed, but the lan-
guage measured. .In the plan which lie proposed
as one upon which the Government can be con-
tinued and administered, in his judgment, he
brought Ins mind seemingly, irresistibly, to the
conclusion that this doctrine of secession was a
heresy. "What docs he say in that able, that
methodical, that well-digested speech? He goes
over the whole ground. He has been reasoning
on it; he has been examining the principle of seces-
sion; he has gone to the conclusion to which it
leads; and he is seemingly involuntarily, but irre-
sistibly forced to admit that it will not do to ac-
knowledge this doctrine of secession;for he says:
"I have presented this scheme, Mr. President, as one
which, in my opinion, would adjust the differences between
the two social systems, and which would protect cach from
ihe assault of the other. If this were done, so that we were
made mutually sale, I, for one, would he willing to regu-
late the right of secession, which I hold to be a right not
given in the Constitution, but resulting from the nature of
the compact. I would provide that belore a State seceded,
it should summon a convention of the States in the section
to which it belonsed, and submit to them a statement of
its grievances and wiong-:. Should a majority of the States
in such a convention decide the complaint to be well
founded, then the State ought to he permitted to seeede in
peacc. For, whenever a majouty of States in an entire
seetjon shall dcelaie that good cause for seee&sioii exists,
then who can dispute that it ought to take place ? Should
they say, however, that no good cause existed, then the
moral force of such a decision, on the part of confederates
of those who are bound to the complaining State by iden-
tical and homogeneous inteiests, would prevent it fioin
prosecuting the claim any further."
Sir, I quoted the Old Dominion extensively be-
fore. I took the foundation of this doctrine and
traced it along step by step, and showed that there
was no such notion tolerated by the fathers of the
Republic as the right of secession. Now, who
comes up to my relief? When the States are se-
ceding, when they are going off, the distinguished
Senator from Virginia says, in so many words,
that he admits the error, and the force of the prin-
ciple that a State ought not to be permitted to go
out of the Confederacy without the consent of the
remaining members. He says, however, that the
right to secede results from the nature of the com-
pact. Sir, I have read Mr. Jefferson, and I am
as much inclined to rely on the former distin-
guished men of the State of Virginia as I am on
the latter. In the old Articles o? Confederation,
when the revenue required for the support of the
Federal Governmentwas apportioned among the
States, and each State had to raise its portion, the
great difficulty was, that there was no means by
which the States could be compelled to contribute
their amount; there was no means of forcing the
State to compliance; and yet Mr. Jefferson, in
view of that very difficulty, said, in 1786:
"It has been often said that the decisions of Congress
are impotent, because the Confederation provides 110 com-
pulsory power. But when two or moie nations enter into
compact, it is not usual for them to say what shall be done
to the party who infringes it. Decency forbids this, and it
is as unnecessary as indecent; because the right of com-
pulsion naturally results to the party injured by the breach.
When any one State in the American Union refuses obe-
dience to the Confederation by which they kave bound
themselves, the rest have a natural right to compel them to
obedience."
The Senator from Virginia says a State has the
right to secede from the Union, and that it is a
right resulting from the nature of the compact;
but Mr. Jefferson said that even under the old
Articles of Confederation, no State had a right to
refuse obedience to the Confederacy, and that
there was a right to enforce its compliance:
" Congress would probably exercise long patience before
they would rceur to force; but if the cate ultimately re-
quired it, they would use that recurrence. Should this
case ever arise, they will probably coerce by a naval f<,rce,
as being more easy, less dangeroiis to liberty, and less likely
to produce much bloodshed."-MJcfferson's Works, vol. 9,
p. 291.
When was this? I have stated that it was un-
der the old Articles of Confederation, when there
was no power to compel a State even to contrib-
ute her proportion of the revenues; but in that
view of the case, Mr. Jefferson said that the in-
jured party had a right to enforce compliance with
the compact from the offending State, and that
this was a right deducible from the laws of nature.
The present Constitution was afterwards formed;
and to avoid this difficulty in raising revenue, the
power was conferred upon the Congress of the
United States " to lay and collect taxes, duties,
imposts, and excises," and the Constitution cre-
ated a dircct relation between the citizen and the
Fedeial Government in that matter, and to that
extent that relation is just as direct and complete
between the Federal Government and the citizen
as is the relation between the State and the citi-
zen in other matters. Hence wc find that, by
an amendment to the Constitution of the United
States, the citizen cannot even make a State a
party to a suit, and bring her into the Federal
courts. They wanted to avoid the difficulty of
coercing a State, and the Constitution conferred
on the Federal Government the power to operate
directly upon the citizen, instead of operating on
the States. It being the right of the Government
to enforce obedience from the citizen in those mat-
ters of which it has jurisdiction, the question
comes up as to the exercise of this right. It may
not always be expedient. It must depend upon
discretion, as was eloquently said by the Senator
from Kentucky [Mr. Crittenden] on one occa-
sion. It is a matter of discretion, even as Mr.
Jefferson laid it down before this provision ex-
isted in the Constitution, before the Government
had power to collect its revenue as it now has. I
know that when, on a former occasion, I undertook
to show, as I thought I did show, clearly and dis-
tinctly, the difference between the existence and
the exercise of-this power, words were put into
my mouth that I did not utter, and positions an-
swered which I had never assumed. It was said
that I took the bold ground of coercing a State. I
expressly disclaimed it. I stated, in my speech,
that, by the Constitution, we could notputaState
into court; but I said there were certain relations
created by the Constitution between the Federal
Government and the citizen, and that we could
enforce those laws against the citizen. I took up
the fugitive slave law; I took up the revenue law;
I took up the judicial system; I took up the post
office system; and I might have taken up the power
to coin money and to punish counterfeiters, or the
power to pass laws to punish mail robbers. I
showed that under these we had power, not to
punish a State, but to punish individuals as vio-
lators of the law. Who will deny it; who can
deny it, that acknowledges the existence of the
Government? This point, I think, was settled in
the decision of the Supreme Court in the case of
Ableman vs. Booth. When the decision of the
Supreme Court is in our favor, wc are very much
for it; but sometimes we are not so well reconciled
