102
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 5,
36th Cong. ... 2d Sess.
Stale of the Union—Mr. Trimble.
~e<>. of Eeps.
annexation ofTexas, the Wilmot proviso contcst,
and thatgrowingoutofour Mexican acquisitions,
which resulted in the compromise of 1850; and,
with but few exceptions, northern Representatives
of all parties have exhibited a uniform opposition
to the spread of slavery. This sentiment, I say
again, has not changed, unless in this regard—that
it is less exacting now than it was in 1820. If
the South ever had any reason to apprehend dan-
ger to its institutions from this cause, it has less
now than it had then. It is not, therefore, good
cause for secession.
Mr. Speaker, the most serious ground of com-
plaint on the part of our southern brethren is, that
they aredenied " equal rights in the Territories."
Is this well founded? Are not the Territories open
alike to the citizens of the slave and the free States ?
Every one of the six million non-slaveholders in
the slave States has the same rights in any Ter-
ritory which you or I possess—no more, no less;
and even the four hundred thousand slaveholders
have the full benefit of the Dred Scott decision,
unreversed and unaffected by any subsequent
legislation. What more do they want?
Have they not carried their slaves into Kansas
and Nebraska and New Mexico > The Govern-
ment has not excluded them; Congress has nut
excluded them. True, the people of Kansas pre-
ferred freedom to slavery; and after a long and
bloody contest have adopted a free-State consti-
tution and been admitted into the Union. Ne-
braska, as was her right, has, through her Legis-
lature, followed the example of Kansas, while
New Mexico has established slavery and passed
laws for its protection. "Where is the Territory
from which the South has been excluded? There
is none; and all the denunciations of disnnionists
and the lamentations of their northern sympa-
thizers amount to just nothing at all. New Mex-
ico was organized in 1850, under the compromise
bill of that year, and has been open to emigration
from the South for ten years. No obstacles have
been interposed; and yet the southern people have
not found the inducements sufficient to transfer
their slaves from the cotton and sugar plantations
to the barren plains of this Territory. In ten
years only about twenty have reached there, and
in ten more this number is more likely to be
diminished than increased.
Mr. Speaker, the simple, plain facts in regard
to the Territories are, that in 1850 New Mexico
and Utah were organized without restrictions as
to slavery,the question being left with the people
to determine for themselves. Democrats in Con-
gress from both the South and North voted for
this law; and the party indorsed it in the conven-
tion which nominated Mr. Pierce in 1852, In 1854
the Democratic party in Congress repealed the M is-
souri compromise of 1820, which had excluded
slavery from all territory north of 36° 30', and
organized the Territories of Kansas and Nebraska
under the principle of squatter sovereignty.
The object of this legislation was said to be
the removal of the slavery question from Con-
cress. The country now understands it to have
been the introduction of slavery into Territoiics
from which it had been excluded by the compro-
mise of 1820 Now, sir, under Democratic law,
slavery has been carried into all these Ten itories;
under Democratic law, the people in Kansas and
Nebraska have chosen free institutions, and in
New Mexico slave institutions. These Dem-
ocratic laws arc now on the statute-books, un-
changed. The status of all the Territories is set-
tled; and if the South has been deprived of any
of her rights, it is no fault of the North, for the
South has made the laws and had their execution
in her own hands. All this outcry, therefore,
about the North depriving the South of equal
rights in the Territories, is a miserable sham, suc-
cessfully used by northern demagogues and south-
ern secessionists in producing strife and discord.
It now remains to be seen whether the sober
second thought of the people of this great and
prosperous country will deem these causes suffi-
cient to justify the dismemberment of their Gov-
ernment, and the inauguration of the deadly strife
of war.
Mr. Speaker, propositions have been presented
to Congress and the country, by the distinguished
Senator from Kentucky, [Mr. Crittenden,] as a
panacea for the great evil of secession My sup-
port of them has been requested by a portion of my
constituents; and I wish to state some of the rea-
sons which will compel me to decline the request.
It is greatly to be iegretted that sack propositions
should have been introduced by aucftaman. Hon-
ored and revered as is his name in all the middle
and western States, anything emanating from him
in a time of peril to the Union would be received
with favor, and without scrutiny. In this instance,
thousands of intelligent men, everywhere, sup-
posed that he had merely proposed the restora-
tion of the old Missouri compromise, and, without
examination, gave their approval. It is now ap-
parent that the great name of this venerable pa-
triot way used to give weight to the devices of other
men. It would be unjust to him to Suppose that
his better judgment, uninfluenced by fear for his
country, could have approved a scheme so hope-
lessly impracticable. The emergency which called
it forth is now upon us; but before it can be made
available, it must leceive the sanction of two
thirds of both Houses of Congress, and the vote
of three fourths of the States. This requires time.
Before California and Oregon could be reached
and heaid fiom,the hour would have arrived and
passed at which we are told the Union is to be dis-
solved, unless these measures arc adopted. But,
sir, if there was time for this action of the States,
their extraordinary character would insure their
rejection, and thus increase the evil they were
proposed to remedy.
What are these propositions? They consistof
six amendments of the Constitution ,and four de-
claratory resolutions. I shall only notice those to
which I have the most serious objection.
The first proposes to divide the Territories of
the United States, u now held or hereafter ac-
quired," between slavery and freedom, by a geo-
graphical line of 30° 30'. All north of the line to be
free; but " in all the territory south of the line,
now held or hcrectjler acquired, slavery of the Afri-
can race is hereby rceognized as existing, and shall
not be interfered with by Congress, but shall be pro-
tected as property by all the departments of the territo-
rial government during its continuance." When the
Territories either north or south of the line have
acquired the requisite population, they may bo ad-
mitted info the Union, with or without slavery,
as their constitution may provide.
I object to this proposition, first, because I am
satisfied with om* Constitution as it is—just as our
fathers made it. We have lived under it and
prospered for eighty years. Kvery tight of the
States, and of the citizens of such States, has been
protected, and no necessity has yetarisen,as I be-
lieve, to demand a change. 1 object to it because
it undertakes prospectively to establish slavery
in foreign countries—in territory which we do not
own, and have no right to assume that we ever
shall own. It is to be held out as a bribe to ma-
rauders and fillibusters, who would involve us in
wars of conquestagamst all the weak neighboring
States whose lands might be adapted to slavery.
I object again, because it " recognizee" or estab-
lishes and protects slavery in Jict territory, and
against the will and Irishes of the people.
1 object again, because it virtually excludes my
constituents, and all other men who prefer free-
dom to slavery, from all the Territoues that may
hereafter be acquired south of 36° 30', except at
the hazard of a Ions:, and it might be, a bloody
contest, such as disgraced our annals in Kansas.
I object again, bccause it is in violation of the
principles of all free government; and lastly, sir,
because it demands a sacrifice of my convictions
of right, and of my principles, inherited fiom a
Virginia ancestry, and strengthened by the teach-
I ings of southern statesmen. 1 believe slavery to
be an evil; and I believe it more firmly now than
ever before. I believe, too. that it is a local insti-
tution, and wholly dependent upon local law for
its maintenance, I cannot, then, consent to pro-
vide by constitutional amendment for its nation-
alization, and for the acquisition of territory into
which this evil is to be extended and perpetuated.
I stand, sir, where Mr. Clay stood in 1850, when
he declared :
kC And now, sir, onniiii<j from a slave State, si*? t ilo, I owe
it to myself, I owe it to truth, I owe it to the subject, to
state that no earthly power could indue? me to voie for a
specific rnea&uie t'oi tliu nitioduetion of j-l.iveiy vvhcie it
had not before exMcd, either  "outh oi north ot that l«ne
Comma, ac I do.fiom 3 slave S3tate,it is my solemn, <l*-'ib
erate, and well-matured determination that no power—no
earthly power—shall compel nie to vote for the positive in-
troduction of slavery either .soul h or north of that I me. Sir,
while you repioach, and ju^tlj, too, our British ancestor*
for the mtioduction of this institution upon the continent
of America, I am, tor one, unwilling that the posteuty of
the piescnt inhabitants of California and New Mexico &lialj
reproach us for doing just what we reproach Great Biitam
for doing to us. If the citizens of those Territories choose
to establish slavery, I am for admitting them with such pro-
visions in their constitutions ; but then it will he their own
work, and not ours; and their posteiity will have to re-
proach them, and not us, lor forming constitutions allow-
ing the institution of slavery to exist among them.,;—Hemy
Clay's speech in the Senate, January 29, lb50.
This, sir, is the position of my constituents.
The question was fairly submitted to them at the
last presidential election, and decided by the em-
phatic majority of twenty-two thousand in a vote
of twenty-two thousand five hundred. Republi-
cans and Douglas Democrats agreed, not only in
their opposition to the disunion dogma of slaveiy
protection, but also as to the power to excludc
slavery from aTerritory; the former claiming the
power for both Congress and tho Territoiial Le-
gislature, the latter for the Territorial Legislature
only. The delegates from this district at the
Charleston and Baltimore Democratic conventions
preferred the rupture of their party to a surrender
of these principles. They were sustained by their
party friends at home, and one of them chosen
as their candidate for Congress. But a more
emphatic indorsement may be found m the presi-
dential vote—Mr. Douglas receiving over ten
| thousand, while Mr. Breckinridge received four
i hundred and fifty. To a public sentiment thus
fairly and fully expressed by the people of my
district, on the 6th of November last, I cannot
prove recreant.
Article three. This article is intended to pro-
tect slavery in the District of Columbia. Mr.
Speaker, I know of no party that proposes to in-
terfere with it, and would deem it a violation of
good faith in any party to do so. While I am
willing, therefore, to unite with men of all parties
in a declaration that Congress shall not abolish
slavery in the District so long as it exists in the
State of Maryland, nor without the consent of the
inhabitants, i am not willing to deprive the people
of Maryland and the District of the exercise of
their discretion, by requiring the consent of Vir-
ginia, who has no greater interest than any other
slave State.
Article five. It is well known, Mr. Speaker, that
the fugitive slave law of 1830 is obnoxious to the
noi them people, and that it was drawn up by its
author with the express view of making it so. The
occasional resistance to its execution, and the en-
actment of personal liberty bills in some of the
States, arc chiefly due to some of its harsh and
unjust provisions. In proposing a modification
of the law, it was reasonable to expect that some
regaid would be had to the feelings and sentiments
ot the people among whom it was to have its oper-
ation. In one of Mr. Chittenden's* resolutions,
two changes are proposed which arc proper to ho
made—one making the fee of the commissioner
equal in amount, 44 whether his decision be in
! favor of or against the claimant;" the other lim-
iting the authority of the marshal to summon to
his aid the posse comitatus only in cases in which
there shall be resistance, or danger of resistance
or rescue. But, sir, while these two changes are
proposed m the law, which is subject to repeal by
Congress at any time, other provisions more ob-
jectionable are proposed to be incorporated in the
Constitution, which are to be irrepealabic forever.
The first makes it the duty of Congress to pro-
vide by law that the United States shall pay to
the owner who shall apply for it the full value of
his fugitive slave in all cases where the marshal or
other officer whose duty it was to arrest said fugi-
tive was prevented from so doing by violence or
intimidation; or when, after arrest, said fugitive
was rescued by force
The second provides that when the United States
shall pay for said fugitive, they shall have the
right in their own name to sue the county in which
said violence, intimidation, or rescue was com-
i mitted, and to recover from it, with interest and
' damages, the amount paid by them for said fugi-
i tive slave; and then that " the county shall sue
; and recover from the wrong-doers or rescuers.''
; It is impossible to conceive of a measure more full
li of mischief, more liable to abuse, more certain to
