1861.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Ifi3
36th Coxg....2d Sess.
State of the Union—Mr. Trimble.
Ho. of Reps.
excite angry discussion in and out of Congress.
Every rescue of a fugitive slave, or attempt at in-
timidation or rescue, renews the agitation of the
slavery question in Congress; for the Government
cannot pay for the negro until Congress appropri-
ates the money. In every county of the northern
States where a rescue oi attempt at intimidation
or rescue is charged, the people are either to be
taxed for the value of the negro, or burdened with
the expense of resisting the suit of the United
States. Angry discussions, sectional animosity,
and hatred to the Government, will be the natural
fruits of such an enactment. The people in the
free States will never consent to be harassed by
expensive law suits, or taxed for the value of run-
away negroes, upon the testimony of a worthless
and cowardly deputy marshal, who fails, from
mere intimidation, to execute a Federal law. In
my district there has been no opposition to the
execution of the present fugitive slave law, and
less complaint made of it than 111 New England
and the northern portion of the western States;
but we, no less than our northern friends, think
the law objeciionable, and liable to great abuse.
It has been abused in my district, as it has been
elsewhere; and it may justly be claimed as proof
of the loyalty of our people, that so few cases of
successful interference have occurred.
The President declares in his message that the
law has been executed in every contested case
during his administration. Mr. Etiieridge, of
Tennessee, stated in this House, a few days since,
" thatnotadozen slaves have been rescued within
the last forty years from the custody of the offi-
cers of the United States." The Senator from
Illinois, Mr. Dotrfins, and the Senator from Ohio,
Mr. Pugh, both testified on the floor of the Sen-
ate, this session, to the fact of its uniform execu-
tion. And, Mr. Speaker, though a class of un-
scrupulous politicians, even in my district, as
well as elsewhere in the North, for political pur-
poses, have defamed their own sections about the
enforcement of this law, I affirm here that scarcely
any law upon the statute-book of any free border
State of the Union has been so uniformly and
faithfully executed as this. I deem this, then, a
good reason why the present law should not be
made more stringent, oppressive, and unjust. If
the object be to defeat the purpose of the law by
making it more obnoxious to public sentiment,
then it is accomplished by this constitutional
amendment of Mr. Crittenden.
But, sir, to make these propositions still more
objectionable and impracticable, the very founda-
tion of all free government is violated by provid-
ing, in the sixth article, that the five preceding
articles and two articles in our present Consti-
tution shall never be amended. Whatever pro-
priety there may be in closing the door against
any amendment of the Constitution authorizing
the General Government to interfere with slavery
in the States where it exists, against the will of
their citizens,! never can consent, and my con-
stituents never will consent, that this untried ex-
periment of compelling the people of a country
in which a slave may be rescued, by violence or
intimidation, to pay the value of such slave, shall
be made an irrepealable article of the Constitution,
as unchangeable as the laws of the Medes and
Persians.
Nor can I consent, nor will my constituents
consent, that a perpetual and irrepealable guar-
antee shall be given to the establishmentand pro-
tection of slavery in all the territory which we
may acquire for all time to come. The proposi-
tion is a monstrous one. No matter what changes
time may make in the affairs of men, their moral
sentiments, their interests, or political necessi-
ties, so far as this Government may extend its
jurisdiction southward, even if it shall stretch
forth its arms and cmbrace all Central and South
America, it is to carry slavery with it and fasten
it upon the inhabitants, whether they desire it or
not by ail irrevocable law.
And these are the propositions which have been
brought into the Congress of the United States,
and pressed upon us by southern Democrats and
northern Democrats and Bell men, as a remedy
for defects in our Constitution; as a measure of
peace—a bribe to traitors. They are the propo-
sitions which party leaders and a debased partisan
press throughout the land are urging the people
to indorse in Union meetings, which they get up
for the purpose. If they are just and right, what
a terrible responsibility must fall upon the Dem-
ocratic press, the Democratic leaders, and the one
million five hundred thousand men who cast their
votes for Mr. Douglas at the last presidential elec-
tion, for the immense losses and suffering brought
upon the country by the derangement of its com-
merce and trade and industry! Who but they are
responsible for the rebellion and treason that
threatens the total annihilation of the Government?
If they are just and right, then the demand of the
southern disunion Democracy at Charleston and
Baltimore was not unjust and improper. What
did they ask? Far less than these propositions
concede: simply the adoption by Congress of a
slave code to protect slave property in the Terri-
tories which we now own. But rather than yield
to such a demand, the Douglas Democracy suf-
fered their slave code brethren to secede from the
convention, break up the great Democratic party,
and thus secure an easy triumph for Mr. Lincoln.
They professed then to believe that popular
sovereignty was the only principle upon which
the rights of the States, the peace of the country,
and the perpetuity of our Government could be
sustained. Though agreeing to leave the question
to the decision of the Supreme Court, they yet
maintained that protection to slave property in the
Territories would be unconstitutional and against
the spirit of free institutions.
These same men now throw away as a worth-
less thing the principle for which, ninety days
since, they professed so much devotion. Then, a
congressional slave code for theTeiritories was an
abomination; now, the protection of slavery, not
only in the Territories we now have or may here-
after acquire south of 3(1° 30', but all places under
the jurisdiction of the. United States, m its transit
through free States, by all the powers of the ter-
ritorial and General Government, is proper and
right. Were these men sincere? Was popular
sovereignty a great principle before the election,
and a great humbug and cheat after the election :
Practice, it is said, makes perfect; but the frc-
quentshifts and changes of the Democratic creeds
in the last few years will hardly account for the
facility with which thisabandonmentof a favorite
doctrine of the party has been made. A sudden
inspiration of patriotism explains it all. The
country is in danger; Lincoln has been elected;
the South is displeased; and as she has rewarded
us well for our devotion to her interests hereto-
fore, so now we will surrender our principles,
save the Union, reconstruct the great Demociatic
party on a slave basis, pure and simple, and once
more hope to revel in the honors and spoils of
office.
Mr. Speaker, every department of this Gov-
ernment—executive,judicial, and legislative—has
been in the hands of the Democratic party for the
last eight years. Its policy and legislation have
been directed and controlled by that party. What
they have been is matter of history, and I shall
not now speak of them; but the verdict of con-
demnation by the people was emphatically pro-
nounced in November last. Sir, bad as the ad-
ministration of Mr. Buchanan was believed to be,
the half had not been told. The developments of
corruption in high places; the complete bank-
ruptcy of the Government; the indictment of a
, Cabinet officer by the grand jury of this District
for embezzlement; the conspiracy of some of the
! President's own advisers to overthrow the Gov-
; eminent; and the complicity of the President him-
self, as shown by his own statements, are facts
that amaze and alarm the country. And now,
when this party has succeeded in its work of de-
struction, and our once glorious Union is declared
by themselves to be drawing its last gasp, they
throw up their hands in holy horror, and call upon
Republicans to avert, if possible, the disaster
which they have produced. How? Is not the
Government still in the hands of those who have
sought to destroy it?
The rebellion of the six seceding States is openly
justified by Democrats, even in the North, and
resistance to the execution of the laws encouraged.
, The President seeks only to preserve peace and
l! avoid collision by surrendering the Federal prop-
jjertyto the rebellious States. Republicans are
!! perfectly powerless, except to sustain the Presi-
dent and vote supplies. How, then, are they to
save the Union ? Democracy prescribes the mode:
adopt the Crittenden propositions by a two-thirds
vote, help us to nationalize slavery, and the work
is done. No matter if the voice of two thirds of
the people has declared agaisst this thing; no
matter if Republicans do violate pledges to con-
stituents, and sacrifice their principles and views of
policy in the Government, the Union is in danger
by our act, and if you do not help us save, in this
way, it shall not be saved at all.
Mr. Speaker, this is the spirit in which these
propositions have been pressed here and pre-
sented by some of the Statesas an ultimatum for
the adjustment of our unfortunate troubles. From
the hour of their introduction it.musthave been
known to gentlemen here that they were imprac-
ticable; and it is therefore to be regretted that the
discussions here should have inspired hope of
their passage in the breasts of honest Union men
of the border States. The Union, sir, cannot be
saved by these amendments to the Constitution.
Every member of this body knows that, and the
country ought to have known it long since.
Mr. Speaker, having accomplished my purpose
in stating the reasons which would compel me to
oppose the Crittenden propositions, I have but
little more to say. A number of other proposi-
tions have been submitted to the House, with the
view of providing an escape from thedangerinto
which our country has fallen. Of their merits,
their practicability, or their necessity, I do not
propose to speak. They will be subject toamend-
ment, and may be so modified as to render any
criticisms upon them now, inapplicable then.
We cannot conceal from ouselves the fact that
our country is undergoing a great revolution;
that open war and resistance to the authority of
the Government exist in several of the southern
States of the Confederacy. It is too apparent,
also, that those to whom the authority and honor
of the Government had been committed, have
been, both openly and secretly, aidingand abetting
the rebellion. Equally clear is it now, that the
purpose of the leading spirits in some of the se-
ceding States to break up this Government has
been maturing for thirty years, and they only
waited a favorable opportunity to strike the fatal
blow. I need not refer to the speeches of gentle-
men in the late conventions of these States, in
which the avowals are made of their long-con-
cealed designs. They are familiar to the House
and to the country. These declarations are also
accompanied by disclaimers of sudden passion or
disappointed ambition having anything to do with
the grave step which they have taken. Personal
liberty bills; the non-execution of the fugitive
slave law; equal rights ill the Territories; the elec-
tion of Lincoln; and all such causes of disaffection
in the South, heretofore so industriously used
upon the stump, by the press, and in Congress,
are indignantly scouted as unworthy causes of so
great an event as the birth of an empire.
Now, sir, under such circumstances, "what
would you do?1' is a very inappropriate question
to put to mo. If Abraham Lincoln was in the
presidential chair, instead of James Buchanan, I
would answer that question as other gentlemen
have answered it, and, I am most happy to say,
as some Douglas Democrats have answered it. I
would treat tiiese erring States with great forbear-
ance; but I would reinforce Forts Sumter and
Pickens—the only defenses now left in the pos-
session of the Government—and defend them at
all hazards. I would collect the revenue in all the
ports on board of vessels stationed in the harbors;
and when it could not be done, I would ask Con-
gress to repeal the laws making them ports of
entry. I would stop the mails, or leave them, and
the expense of carrying them, to the care of the
seceding Slates.
But, Mr. Speaker, we are told here every day,
and, if I am not mistaken, the Legislatures of all
the southern States still in the Union have form-
ally resolved, that this would be regarded as coer-
cion, and would unite alt the slaveliolding States
in resistance. If these resolves should be made
good; if such a united opposition as that of fifteen
States should be made to the enforcement of the
laws of the Federal Government; then, in my
judgment, ourGovemment isafailure, and should
'be abandoned or remodeled. I would not test this
