1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
747
to it when it is against us. In that case the court
decided:
"But, as we have already said, questions of tliis kind
must always depend upon the Constitution and laws of the
United States, and not of a State. The Constitution was
not tanned merely to guard the States against danger from
foreign nations, but mainly to secure union and harmony at
home; for if this object could be obtained, there would be
but little danger from abroad ; and to accomplish this pur-
pose, it was tclt by the statesmen who framed the Constitu-
tion, and by the people who adopted it, that it was neces-
sary that many of the rights of sovereignty which the States
then possessed should be ceded to tl\c General Government;
and that, in the sphere of action assigned to it, it should be
supreme, and strong enough to execute its own laws by its
own tribunals, without interruption from a State or from
State authorities. And it was evident that anything short
of this would be inadequate to the main objects for which
the Government was established; and that local interests,
local passions or prejudices, incited and iostered by indi-
viduals foi sinister purposes, would lead to acts of aggres-
sion and injustice by one State upon the rights of another,
which would ultimately terminate in violence and force,
unless there was a common aibiter between them, armed
with power enough to protect and guard the rights of all,
by appropriate laws, to be carried into execution peacefully
by its judicial tribunals."—Howard's Supreme Court Re~
ports, vol. 21, p. 51G.
When the fugitive slave law was executed in
the city of Boston,by the aid of military force,
was that understood to be coercing a State, or was
it simply understood to be an enforcement of the
law upon those who,itwas assumed, had violated
it? In this same decision the Supreme Court de-
clare that the fugitive slave law, in all its details,
is constitutional,and therefore should be enforced.
Who is prepared to say that the decision of the
court shall not be carried out? Who is prepared
to say that the fugitive slave law shall not be en-
forced? Do you coerce a State when you simply
enforce the law? If one man robs the mail and
you seek to arrest him, and he resists, and you
employ force, do you call that coercion? If aman
counterfeits your coin, and is arrested and con-
victed, and punishment is resisted, cannot you
execute the law? It is true that sometimes so many
may become infected with disobedience, outrages
and violations of law maybe participated in by so
many, that they get beyond the control of the
ordinary operations of law; the disaffection may
swell to such proportions as to be too great for the
Government to control; and then it becomes a
matter of discretion, not a matter of constitutional
right.
In this connection, I desire to introduce an au-
thority from Virginia, for I do delight in author-
ity from the Old Dominion; and from the indica-
tions that are now visible—although it is possible
that before the setting of the sun I may receive
news that will convert my present hopes and my
present exhilarated feelings into despair—she is
going to make a stand for the Union and the Con-
stitution. I delight in calling upon herforauthor-
ity. In 1814 the doctrine that I am trying to
inculcate here to-day was inculcated from Vir-
ginia; and I ask my friend from California to read
an extract which I have from the Richmond En-
quirer of the 1st of November, 1814.
Mr. LATHAM read, as follows:
"The Truf Qjtfstion.—The Uirionisindanger. Turn
to the convention of Hartford, and learn to tremble at the
madness ot its authors. How far will those madmen ad-
vance? Though they may conceal fiom you the project of
disunion, though a few of them may have even concealed
it from themselves, yet who will pretend to set bounds to
tlie rage of disaffection? One false step after another may
lead them to resistance to the laws, to a treasonable neu-
trality, to a war against the Government of the United
States. In truth, the first act of resistance to the law is
treason to the United States. Are you ready for this state
of things? Will you support the men who would plunge
you into this rum ?
" No man, no association of men, no State or set of States
has a light to withdraw itself fiom this Union, of its own
accord. The same power which knit us together, can only
unknit. The same formality which forged the links of the
Union, is necessary to dissolve it. The majorityof States
which form the Union must consent to the withdrawal of
cm/oncbranejiofit. Until that consent has beenobtained,
any attempt to dissolve the Union, or obstruct the efficacy
of its constitutional laws, is treason—tieason to all intents
and pui poses.
" Any other doctrine, such as that which has been lately
held forth by the Federal Republican, that any one State
may withdraw itself from the Union, is an abominable
heresy—which strips its author of every possible preten-
sion to the name or character of a Federalist.
" Wc call, therefore, upon the Government of the Union
to exert its energies, when the season shall demand it—and
seize the first traitor who shall spring out ot the hotbed of
the convention of Hartford. This iilustiious Union, which
has been cemented by the blood of our forefathers, the
pride of America and the wonder of the woild, must not
be tamely sacrificed to the heated brains or the aspiring
hearts of a few malcontents. The Union must be saved,
when any one shall dare to assail it.
" Countrymen of the East! we call upon you to keep a
vigilant eye upon those wretched men who would plunge
us into civil war and irretrievable disgrace. Whatever be
the temporary calamities which may assail us, let us swear,
upon the altar of om country, to save the Union."
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. Mr. Presi-
dent, I subscribe most heartily to the sentiment
presented by the Richmond Enquirer of Novem-
ber 1, 1814. Then it was declared by that high
authority that the Union was to be saved; that
those persons who were putting themselves in op-
position to the law were traitors, and that their
treason should be punished as such. Now, sir,
what is treason? The Constitution of the United
States defines it, and narrows it down to a very
small compass. The Constitution declares that
" treason against the United States shall consist
only in levying war against them, or in adhering
to their enemies, giving them aid and comfort."
Who are levying war upon the United States?
Who are adhering to the enemies of the United
States, giving them aid and comfort? Does it re-
quire a man to take the lantern of Diogenes, and
make a diligent search to find those who have been
engaged in levying war against the United States ?
Will it require any very great research or obser-
vation to discover those who have been adhering
to those who were making war against the Uni-
ted States, and giving them aid and comfort? If
there arc any such in the United States they ought
to be punished according to law and the Consti-
tution. [Applause in the galleries, which was
suppressed by the Presiding Officer, Mr. Fitcii
in the chair.] Mr. Ritchie, speaking for the Old
Dominion, used language that was unmistakable,
that treason should be punished, springing out of
the hotbed of the Hartford convention. It was ail
right to talk about treason then; it was all right to
punish traitors in that direction. For myself, I
care not whether treason be committed north or
south; he that is guilty of treason is entitled to a
traitor's fate.
But, Mr. President, when we come to examine
the views of some of those who have been engaged
in this work, we find that the foundation of their
desire to break up this Government dates beyond,
and goes vciy far back of, any rcccnt agitation of
the slavery question. There are some men who
want to break up this Government anyhow; who
want a separation of the Union. There are some
who have got tired of a government of the people.
They fear the people. Take the State of South
Carolina. Although she has had Senators on this
floor who have acted a portion of the time with
the Democratic party, and sometimes with no
party, there is,in that State, an ancient and a fixed
opposition to a government by the people. They
have an early prejudice against this thing called
democracy—a government of the people. They
entertained the idea of secession at a very early
day; it is no new thing with them; it has not arisen
out of the slavery question and its recentagitation.
Even to this good day, tire people, the freemen
of South Carolina, have never been permitted to
vote for President and Vice President of the Uni-
ted States. They have never enjoyed that great
luxury of freemen, of having a voice in the selec-
tion of their Chief Magistrate.
I have before mc an old volume. In the front-
ispiece I find a picture of "William Moultrie,
Esq., late Governor of South Carolina, and major
general in the American revolutionary war." The
book is entitled, " Memoirs of the American Rev-
olution, so far as it related to the States of North
and South Carolina and Georgia;" and the author
is William Moultrie. The Articles of Confeder-
ation, it will be remembered, were adopted July
9, 17T8. South Carolina was one of the mem-
bers of the Confederacy—a party to the compact.
Charleston was besieged during the revolutionary
war, in 1779, by the British. The defense of the
town had been kept up for a considerable length
of time, and at last General Moultrie senta mes-
sage to the British commander, desiring to know
"on what terms he would be disposed to grant a
capitulation." The answer of General Provost
was submitted to the Governor, who summoned
a council of war, and the result was the follow-
ing message to the British commander:
Cuariestown, May 10, 1779.
Sir: I cannot possibly agree to^o dishonorable a propo-
sal as is contained in your favor of yesterday i but if you
will appoint an officer to confer on terms, 1 will send one
to meet him. at such time and place as you fix on.
I have the honor to be, &c. WILLIAM MOULTRIE.
Brigadier General Provo&>*.
This is to bo found on pages 431 and 432 of
Moultrie's Memoirs. On the latter page he says:
t{ When the question was carried for giving up the town
upon a neutrality, I will not say who was thr the question ; *
but this I well remember, that Mr. John Edwards, one of
the Privy Council, a worthy citizen, and a very respectable
merchant, of Charlestown, was so affected as to weep, and
said,' What I are we to give up the town at last?'"
He says that he endeavored to get a message
carried from the Governor and Council to General
Provost. Those to whom he applied begged to
be excused; but finally he pressed them into a
compliance. Tlie message was:
" To propose a neutrality during the war between Great
Britain and America, and the question whether the State
shall belong to Great Britain, or remain one of the United
States, be determined by the treaty of peace between those
two Powers."
The Governor, who was a major general, pro-
posed a neutrality, and proposed to withdraw
from the Confederacy, to desist from resistance
to Great Britain, and leave it to the two Powers,
in making a treaty, to say whether they should
remain a colony of Great Britain or be one of the
United States. At this early day, South Carolina
was willing to go back and be subjected to the
Crown of Great Britain under King George III.
Mr. WIGFALL. 1 ask the Senator merely to
permit me to correct him as to a fact.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I do not yield
the floor.
Mr. WIGFALL. 1 do not intend to interrupt
you 
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I do not yield
the floor.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Fitch.)
The Senator from Tennessee is entitled to the
floor.
Mr. "WIGFALL. The Articles of Confedera-
tion were formed in 1781; that is all.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I have them
before me: "Articles of Confederation and Per-
petual Union;" and they end: "Done at Phila-
delphia, in the State of Pennsylvania, the 9th day
of July, in the year of our Lord 1778."
Mr. WIGFALL. They were ratified in 1781.
If you will read history and inform yourself, you
will not fall into so many errors: 1781 is the
time; I know it.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I will just refer
to the document.
Mr. WIGFALL. While the Senator is look-
ing over it, I will merely observe that I made the
correction out of kindness to him.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I always pre-
fer having correct ideas, and selecting my own
sources of information. [Laughter.]
Mr. WIGFALL. The year 1781 was the time
the Articles of Confederation were ratified. You
were simply mistaken; that is all.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I do not accept
the correction, nor have I very much respect for
the motive that prompted it. Let that be as it may,
however, it does not change the great historical
fact that at that day, instead of holding out with
the other colonies who were members of the Con-
federacy and engaged in the war, South Carolina
was willing to enter into an agreement of neu-
trality and go back under the protection of King
George III. X have another document that I wish to
read from; a book called "The Remembrancer, or
Impartial Repository of Public Events for the
year 1780." In that year the people of Charles-
ton, a large number of them, in view of the dif-
ficulties then upon the country, prepared an ad-
dress, which I ask my friend from California, who
reads so much better than I do, to read for me.
Mr. LATHAM read, as follows:
To their Excellencies, Sir Henry Clinton, Knight of
the Bath, General of his Majesty's forces, and Mariot
Ardi'rthkot, Esq., Vice •Admiral oj the Blue, his Ma-
jesty's Commissioners to restore peace and good govern-
ment in the several colonics in rebellion in North America;
The humble address of divers inhabitants of Charles-
town :
The inhabitants ofCharlestown, by the articles of capit-
ulation, are declared prisoners of war on paiole; but we,
the underwritten, having every inducement to return to
our allegiance, and ardently hoping speedily to be read-
mitted to the chaiactPr and condition of British subjects,
take this opportunity of tendering to your Excellencies our
warmest congratulations on the restoration of this capital
and province to their political connection with the Crown
and Government of Great Britain ; an event which will add
luster to your Excellencies' characters, and, we trust, en-
title you to the most distinguishing mark ot the royal favor.
Although (he rightof taxing America in Parliament excited
considerable feiment in the minds of the people of this
province, yet it may, with a religious adherence to truth, be
