748
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 5,
affirmed that they did not entertain the most distant thought
of dissolving the union that so .happily subsisted between
them and their parent country; and when, in the progress of
that fatal controversy, the doctrine of independency (which
originated in the more northern colonies) made its appear-
ance among us, our nature revolted at the idea, and wo look
back with the most painful regret on those convulsions that
gave existence to a power of subverting a constitution for
which we always had, and ever shall retain, the most pro-
found veneration, and substituting in its stead a rank de-
mocracy, which, however carefully digested in theory, on
being reduced into practice has exhibited a system of ty-
rannic domination only to he found among the uncivilized
part of mankind or in the history of thedaik and barbarous
ages of antiquity.
Wo sincerely lament that, after the repeal of those stat-
utes which gave rise to the troubles in America, the over-
lures made by his Majesty's Commissioners, from time to
■ time, were not regarded by our late rulers. To tbis tatal
inattention are to be attributed those calamities which have
involved our country in a state of misery and rum fiom
which, however, we trust it will soon emeige, by the
wisdom and clemency of his Majesty's auspicious Govern-
ment, and the influences of prudential laws, adapted to the
natuie of the evils we iabor under; and that the people will
be restored to those privileges, 111 the enjoyment whereof
their former fchcity consisted.
Ammatedwith these hopes, we entreat your Excellen-
cies' interposition in assuring his Majesty that we shall
glory in every occasion of manifesting that zeal and affec-
tion for his person and Government with winch gratitude
can inspire a free and joyful people.
Charlestown, June 5, 1780.
["Signed by two hundred and ten of the principal inhab-
itants.]—The Remembrancer, part 2,3780; page 84.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. It will be seen,
from these two documents, what the early notions
of the people of South Carolina were. There
never was, and I doubt very much whether, with
a large portion of them, there ever will be, any
ideas of the people governing themselves. They
had a great aversion at that day to the idea of a
government of the people. It was repudiated;
and in the document which litis just been read,
signed by two hundred and ten citizens of Charles-
ton, they proposed to pass back under the British
Government. This carries out the previous prop-
osition to remain with Great Britain by treaty
stipulation, and not go through the revolutionary
struggle with the colonies with whom they had
formed a confederation.
Again: in 1833, under the pretense of resist-
ance to the operation of our revenue system and
to a protective tariff, they wanted to break lip the
Government. They were overruled then. Their
pride was wounded by that failure; and their de-
termination was increased, whenever it was in
their power, to break up this Union, or go out of
the Government. This feeling, I have no doubt,
has existed there from that period to the present
time. When we turn to the debates which re-
cently took place in the South Carolina conven-
tion, we find-that Mr. Maxcy Gregg, Mr. Rhett,
and others, said that their reason for going out of
the Union now dates as far back as forty years;
some of them said thirty years, and some twenty.
Mr. Gregg said, in the South Carolina conven-
tion, on the 21st of December last:
" If wc undertake to set forth all the cnusps, dn wf not
dishonor the memory of all the statesmen of South Caro-
lina, now departed, who commenced foity years ago a war
againsst the tariff and ngainstinternnl improvements, raying
nothing of the United States Bank, and other measure^
which may now be regarded as obsolete."
Mr. Rhctt, on the 24th of Dccembcr, said:
£k The secession of South Carolina is not an event of a
day. It h not anything produced by Mr. Lincoln'-; elec-
tion, 01 by the non-execution of the fugitive .slave law. It
has been a matter which has been gathering head for thirty
years."
Hence wc see that there is a design with some
to breakup this Government without reference to
the slavery question; and the slavery question is
by them made apretense for destroying this Union.
They have at length passed their ordinance of
secession; they assume to be out of the Union;
they declare that they are no longer a member of
the Confederacy. Now what are the other States
called upon to do? Are the other States called
upon to make South Carolina an exemplar? Are
those slave States who believe that freemen should
govern and that freemen can take care of slave
property, to be "precipitated into a revolution"
by following the example of South Carolina?
Will they do it ? What protection, what security
will Tennessee, will Kentucky, will Virginia, will
Maryland, or any other State, rcceivc from South
Carolina by following her example ? What pro-
tection can she give thorn ? On the contrary, she
indulges in a threat towards them—a threat that
if they do not imitate her example and come into
a new confederacy upon her terms, they are to be
put under the ban, and their.slave property to be
subjected to restraint and restriction. What pro-
tection can SouthCarolinagiveTennessee? Any?
None upon the face of the earth
Some of the men who are engaged in the work
of disruption and dissolution, want Tennessee
and Kentucky and Virginia to furnish them with
men and money in the event of their becoming
engaged in a war for the conquest of Mexico.
The Tennesseeans and Kentuckians and Virgin-
ians are very desirable when their men and their
money are wanted; but what protection docs
South Carolina give Tennessee? If negro prop-
erty is endangered in Tennessee, we have to de-
fend it and pay for it—not South Carolina, that
has been an apple of discord in this Confederacy
from my earliest recollection down to the present
time, complaining of everything, satisfied with
nothing. I do not intend to be invidious, but I
have sometimes thought that it would be a com-
fort if Massachusetts and South Carolina could be
chained together as the Siamese twins, separated
from the continent, and taken out to some remote
and secluded part of the ocean, and there fast
anchored, to be washed by the waves, and to be
cooled by the winds; and after they had been
kept there a sufficient length of time, the people
of the United States might entertain the proposi-
tion of taking them back. [Laughter.] They
seem to have been the source of dissatisfaction
pretty much ever since they were in the Confcd-
cracy;and some experiment of this sort, I think,
would operate beneficially upon them; but as they
are here, we must try to do the best we can with
them.
Somuch.Mr. President,for South Carolina and
Louisiana in this struggle. I do not think they are
sotting examples very worthy of imitation. But,
sir, the speech that 1 made on the 19th of Decem-
ber seems to have produced some little stir; and
among other distinguished Senators, the Senator
from Oregon [Mr. Lane] felt it his duty, late in
the evening, to make a reply to me. I uo not see
why it was called for from the Senator from Ore-
gon. I did not know that I had said anything
that was oiFensive to him; it was not my inten-
tion to do so; it was an inadvertence, if I did. I
felt that I had just come out of a campaign in
which I had labored hard, and in which I had ex-
pended my money and my time in vindicating
him and the present Vice President, who was a
candidate for the Presidency, from the charge of
favoring secession and disunion. Through the
dust and heat, through the mud and ram, 1 trav-
ersed my State, meeting the charge of the Opposi-
tion that secession was at the bottom of this move-
ment; that there was a fixed design and plan to
break up this Government; that it started at
Charleston, and was consummated at Baltimore;
and the charge was made that my worthy friend
—if I may be permitted to call him such; I thought
I was his friend then—was the embodiment of
disunion and secession. 1 met the charge. I
denied it. 1 repudiated it. I tried to convince the
people—and I think I did succeed in convincing
some of them—that the charge was untrue; and
that lie and Mr. Bieekinridge were the two best
Union men in the country. I did not see what
there was in my speech that should extort reply
from him, who resided away North. I had not
come m conflict with anything that he had said or
done. When he was striking these blov/s at me
without cause, I thought it was, at least, unkind.
1 may not have defended him to his entire satis-
faction. It so turned out that we were unfortu-
nate; wc were defeated; but I was willing to stand
like a man; to stand upon the Constitution and
the Union, and, if 1 must fall, fall decently. Af-
ter I had gone through the canvass; after I had
defended the Senator, and sustained him with my
voice and my vote, I thought it was strange that
he should attack me in the manner he did/ I felt
like replying to him, on the spur of the occasion;
but it was late in the evening, and by the time he
had concluded, the Senate was tired out, and I
declined going on. I preferred to let it pass, and
submit to ail the wrong and injury inflicted upon
me. In his speech upon that occasion, the Sena-
tor from Oregon made use of the following lan-
guage:
" He [alluding to myself] ha* spoken very handsomely
of the gallant conduct of that glorious band, the noithem
Democracy of the country, who, though in a minority at
home, have struggled for the rights of then southern bieth-
ren—tor the equality and rights of all the States. I belong
to that portion of the people of this country; and I will say
to that honorable gentleman that while they struggle for the
constitutional rights of the other States of the Union, as
they have always done, and as they will continue to do,
theie is one thing that they will not do : they will not march
under Ins banner to strike down a gallant, chivahous, and
generous people contending for rights that have been le-
tused them by the other States of this Union. They will
not march with him under his bloody bannei, or Mr. Lin-
coln's, to invade the soil of the gallant State of South Car-
olina when she may withdraw from aConfederacv that has
refused her that equality to which she is entitled, asamem-
berof the Union, under the Constitution. On the contrary,
when he or any other gentleman raises that banner and at-
tempts to subjugate that gallant people, instead of march-
ing with hnn, wc will meet hiui theie, ready to repel him
and his forces. He shall not bring with him the northern
Democracy to strike down a people contending for rights
that have been refused them in a Union that ought to rec-
ognize the equality of every member of the Confederacy."
I do not know that I used any argument that
should have caused a reply like that. Did any-
bodyhcar me talk about a bloody battle ? Did
anybody hear me talk about going down upon
South Carolina? Did anybody hear me speak
about coercing a State ? No.
Mr. LANE. Will the Senator allow me a
word ?
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I would rather
go on, sir. Why, then, answer positions I did
not assume, or attribute to mc language that I did
not use? Was it in the speech? No. Why, then,
use language and assign a position to me which,
if not intended, was calculated to make afalsc im-
pression? What called it forth? What reason
was there for itJ 1 saw the consternation which
was created. J looked at some of their faces. I
knew that I had stirred up animosity, and it was
important that somebody from another quarter
should make the attack. If the attack had been
upon what I said or upon the position I had as-
sumed, I should have no cause to complain; and
1 do not complain now. Sir, as young us I am,
I have lived down some men. 1 have survived
many misrepresentations. I feel that I have a
conscience and a heart that will lead me to do it
again. But when I had said nothing, when I had
done nothing, to be struck by him whom I have
vindicated, I might well have exclaimed, " That
was the unkindest cut of all,"
Again: the Senator said:
i( If it should come unfortunately upon this country, in-
auguiated by a tyrant, who would like to eonquet and hold
American citizens a«: vassals, then 1 will say to that coward
who would do it,5 You will walk over your humble ser-
vant's body hist.' 1 shall never cooperate with any poition
of this country, North or South, that would strike down a
people contending for their rights."
I march down upon South Carolina! Did I
propose any such thing? No. War is not the
natural element in my mind; and, as I stated in
that speech, my thoughts were turned on peace,
and not on war. I want no strife. I want no war.
In the language of a denomination that is numer-
ous in the country, I may say I hate war and love
peace. I belong to the peace party. I thought,
when I was making that speech, that I was hold-
ing out the olive branch of peace. I wanted to
give quiet and reconciliation to a distracted and
excited country. That was the object I had in
view. War, I repeat, is not the natural element
of myrnind. I would rather wear upon my gar-
ments the tinge of the shop and the dust of the
field, as badges of the pursuits of peace, than the
gaudy epaulet upon my shoulder, or a sword
dangling by my side, with its glittering scabbard,
the insignia of strife, of war, of blood, of carnage;
sometimes of honorable and glorious war. But,
sir, I would rather see the people of the United
States at war with every other Power upon the
habitable globe, than to be at war with each other.
If blood nmst be shed, let it not be shed by the
people of these States, the one contending against
the other.
But the Senator went on still further m that dis-
cussion. Why it was necessary to follow up his
attack upon mc, I cannot tell. Alluding to the
Senator from Tennessee, he said:
"He took occasion to give an account of the action of the
Senate upon certain resolutions introduced here, setting
forth the principles that were made the issue in the late
contest, and that were overridden and trodden down. He
called the attention of the Senate to a proposition intro-
duced by the honorable Senator from Mississippi [Mr.
Brown] to declare that now is the time for action ; that a
law ought to bo passed at this time protecting property m the
Territories. Though it was my opinion then that H would
have been well to pass such a law, yet that Senator knew,
and so did every other one, that it was impossible m this
Congress to pass such a law. We might have passed such
a bill through this body, but it could never have passed the
