750
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 5,
recede within five or seven years in the event cer-
tain amendments were not adopted to the Consti-
tution. I should have remarked, before passing
to this, that they adopted it, not wanting delay,
and then went in the same committee to report a
long list of amendments to be submitted, and
some of them were ratified afterwards by the dif-
ferent States. Mr. Madison writes, in reply to
Mr. Hamilton, and tells liim, if the Constitution
is adopted, it must be adopted in toto, without
reservation or condition. I am inclined to think
Mr. Madison had some idea of this ordinance. I
think he understood it. Here is his letter. That
ordinance was adopted in Virginia, on June 26,
1778, ^nd, in reply to Mr. Hamilton, in the fol-
lowing July, Mr. Madison said:
" The idea of reserving a right to withdraw was started
at Richmond, and considered as a conditional ratification,
which was itself abandoned as worse than a rejection."
Does not that show that I have put the correct
interpretation upon it? James Madison under-
stood it as being an abandonment. I would as
soon rely upon his construction of the ordinance
that brought Virginia into the Union as I would
on that of the distinguished Senator from Oregon.
I am inclined to think he was quite as familiar
with the history of that transaction and with the
whole subject as the Senator from Oregon, with
all his familiarity and astuteness on the subject.
So much in answer to that portion of the Sena-
tor's argument. We find upon an examination,
as I before remarked, that nine States had ratified
the Constitution before Virginia came in. New
York, North Carolina,and Rhode Island came in
afterwards. Mr. Madison so understood it. The
fathers of the Republic so understood it. The
country so understand it. Common sense so un-
derstands it. Practicability so understands it.
Everything that pertains to the preservation and
salvation of the Government so understands it, as
contradistinguished from the admission of this
doctrine of secession.
But let us see how this matter travels along a
little. The Government.was formed; the Con-
stitution was ratified; and after the Constitution
was ratified and the Government in existence,
there is provision made, for what? New States
may be admitted into this Union, not upon an
equality, at all; but, new States may be admitted
into this Union. It being an express grant to
admit, the exercise of a power, I say the Federal
Government can exercise incidents that are nc-
ccssary and proper to carry the admission of
States into existence upon such a basis as they
believe the good of the Government demands. I
am not so sure but the admission of a new State
is placed upon a different ground to what was the
admission of States coming in originally ratifying
the Constitution. As the Senator seems to be so
familiar with things of this sort, 1 will refer to
the act admitting the State of Alabama:
An act to enable The people of Alabama Terntory to form
a constitution and State government, and for the admission
of Midi State into the Union on an equal footing with the
original States. (Approved Mai eh 2, J HID.)
Be it enactcd, <$c., That the inhabitants of the Territory
of Alabama be, and they are hereby, authorized to form for
themselves a constitution and State government, and to as-
sume such name as they may think piopei ; and that the
said Territory, when formed into a State, shall be admitted
into the Union upon the same footing with the original
States, in ail respects whatever.
Here is the ordinance of Alabama accepting the
term! of the above act; passed 2d August, 1839:
"This convention, for and in behalf of the people inhab-
iting this State, do accept the proposition* offi-jed by the
act of Congress under whieh they are assembled; and this
convention, for and in behalf of the people inhabiting this
State,do ordain, agree, and declare." " *■
" And this ordinance is hereby declared irrevocable with-
out the consent of the United States."
This act was declared irrevocable. They agreed
to the conditions offered to them in the act of Con-
gress with reference to the public lands and other
subjects, and then the act of cominginto the Union
was declared irrevocable without the consent of
the United States. Congress then passed an act
accepting them upon the terms they imposed.
That was the compact. What has been done to
Alabama? What great complaint has she ? Why
should she leave the Union m such hot haste?
So much for that, sir. In the remarks that I
made when I last addressed the Senate, I referred
to the constitution of the State of Tennessee,
which wasadop ted in 1796, and their bill of rights,
in which they declare that they would never sur-
render or give up the navigation of the Missis-
sippi to any people. The Senator from Oregon,
on that occasion, in reply to me, used the follow-
ing language:
" Then he is concerned about the navigation of the Mis-
sissippi river. He says that the great State of Tennessee
and he, himself, arc concerned about the navigation of that
river. I believe it is recognizcd as the law of nations, as
the law ot all civilizcd nations, that a great inland sea run-
ning through several Governments shall be open equally to
ail of them; and besides, as the honorable Senator from
Louisiana said, there is no man in Louisiana that would
think for a moment of depriving Tennessee of the right of
navigating that great river. No, sir, nor Kentucky either,
nor Indiana, nor Illinois, nor any other State whose waters
flow into that mighty stream. No such thing would ever be
done."
That was the Senator's declaration then, that
nobody would question the right of those States
to navigate that great inland sea. He seemed to
show great familiarity with international law. I
took it for granted that he had read Grotius and
Wheaton upon international law, and all the other
authorities on the subject, for ho spoke about it
with great familiarity, as if he understood it well.
How does the matter stand, sir? Before the
printer's ink that impressed his speech upon the
paper is dry, we find an ordinance passed, as I
remarked before, to-day, by the State of Louis-
iana, declaring negatively that she has the right
to control the navigation of that river under her
act of secession. If the Senator had put himself
to the trouble, as I presume he did, or ought to
have done, to examine this subject, he would have
found that the navigation of the Mississippi river
has been a subject of negotiation for years upon
years. He would have found that the navigation
of various rivers throughout the world has been
the subject of long, angry, and contested negotia-
tion. While upon this point, I desire to present
to the Senate an extract from a leading authority
on this subject. I read from Wheaton's Elements
of International Law:
"The terntory of the State includes the lakes, seas,
and nveis, cnttioly inclosed within its limits. The rivers
winch flow through the territory also lorm a pait of the
domain, from their souices to their mouths, or as far as
they flow within the teriitnry, including the bays or estua-
ries foimed by their junction with the sea. Where a navi-
gable river forms the boundary of coteinnnous States, the
middle of the channel, oi thalweg, is generally taken as the
line of sepaiation between the two States, the piesumption
of law being that the i jglit ot navigation common to both;
but this presumption tnav be desuoved by actual proof ot
prior occupancy and Ions undii-tuibed pob&es^ion, giving to
one of the ripauan piopnctors the exclusive title to the
entire river.
" Things of which the use is inexhaustible, such as the
sea and running water, cannot be so appropriated as to ex-
clude others from u.-ing these elements in any manner which
d >es not occasion alo&sor inconvenience to the piopnetoi.
This is what is called an innocent utc. Thus we have seen
that the jurisdiction possessed by one nation over bounds,
straits, arid other arms of the sea leading ttnough its own
teiritoiy to that of another, or to other seas common to all
nations, does not exclude othcis from the lightof innocent
passage through these communications. The same prin-
ciple is applicable to rivers flowing tiom one Statethrough
the territory of auotlier into the sea, or into the tciritory of
a third State. The light of navigating, for commercial pur-
poses, a river which flows thiough the tcnitoues ot dilFer-
ent States, is common to all the nations inhabiting the dif-
ferent paits of its banks ; but tins i ight of innocent passage
being what the text writers call an imperfect right, its ex-
eici>e is necessarily modified by the satety and convenience
of the State alfectcd by it, and can only be effectually se-
cured by mutual convention regulating the mode of its ex-
ercise.
" It seems that this right draws after it the incidental
rignt of using all the means which me necessaiy to the se-
cure enjoyment of the principal right itself. Thus ih e Ro-
man law, which considered navigable rivers as public or
common piuperty, declared that the right to the u*e of the
shores was incident to that ot the water; and that the right
to navigate a nvei involved the right to moor vessels to its
banks, to lade and unlade caigoes, &c. The public jurists
apply this principle of the Roman civil law to the same ca&e
between nations, and infer the right to use the adjacent
land for these purposes, as means necessary to the attain-
ment of the end lot which the free navigation of the water
is permitted "—Wheaton's Elements of International Law,
part 2, chap. 4, pp. 2o2, 253, 254.
Now, what are we told? That Louisiana, for
which we paid $15,000,000, whose battles we
fought, whose custom-houses, forts, arsenals,
dock-yards, and hospitals we built,—in the exer-
cise of the plenitude of her power, declares that she
has control of the Mississippi, and such States
may navigate that stream as are on friendly rela-
tions with her, she being the judge. Is not tkis
what the dogma of secession leads us to ? We see
where it carries us; we see in What it will end—
litigation, war, and bloodshed. As I remarked
before, as we approach and advance in the inves-
tigation of the subject, we discover its enormities
more and more. I repeat, it is the prolific mother
of anarchy, which is the first step to despotism
itself. The Senator from Oregon seems not to be
apprehensive at all; and yet, before his voice has
done reverberating in the Hall, we have the open
declaration that they intend to exercise the con-
trol of the navigation of the Mississippi. Would
it not have been better for Louisiana 
Mr. LANE. I think the Senator ought to
allow me to say a word.
Mr. JOHNSON, ofTennessee. I do not want
to be interrupted. I certainly mean no discour-
tesy at all to the Senator.
Mr. LANE. I only wish to say, in the way
of explanation, that the people of New Orleans
have had police regulations by which they have
collected taxes to improve their wharves ever since
New Orleans belonged to this country.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. It is a very
common thing in all cities where there are wharves,
either on the river or ocean, to have what is com-
monly called a wharfage tax. We understand
that. The navigation of the high seas and rivers
is a different thing from paying wharfage and a
little tax to defray the expense of keeping wharves
and docks up. We understand all about that.
That is a very different affair from placing bat-
teries at this early day upon the banks of that
great stream.
Mr. LANE. That was against the common
enemy.
Mr. JOHNSON, ofTennessee. I did not know
we had any enemies in these States. 1 thought
we were brothers, and were entitled to free trade
from one extremity of this Confederacy to tho
other. I did not know that the people of Indiana
and Illinois and Kentucky and Tennessee, going
along down that river, had got to be enemies. I
suppose, however, when we look at these things
our minds change and vary by varying circum-
stances. When we are candidates for the Presi-
dency, we feel more like brothers; but when we
have made the experiment, and signally failed, I
suppose the enemy's line begins just at the line
where our defeat was consummated. [Laughter
and applause in the galleries.]
The PRESIDING OFFICER called to order.
Mr.JOHNSON,ofTennessee. How long has
it been since we were prepared to go to war with
the most formidable Power upon earth because
she claimed the right of search ? We would not
concede to Great Britain the right of searching
our ships on the high seas; and yet what do we
now see? Batteries placed upon the banks of the
Mississippi to enforce the right of search. Do we
not see where it will lead? Do we not all know
in what it will end ?
Mr. HEMPHILL. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
"Mr. WIGFALL and Mr. LANE addressed
the Chair.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Fitch.)
Does the Senator from Tennessee yield the floor
to the Senator from Texas, [Mr. Hemphill?]
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I do, for the
purpose of making amotion to adjourn.
Mr. LANE. I should be very glad if the Sen-
ator could finish Ins speech to-day. The session
is very short now.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. That is all
very true; and I do not ask any unreasonable in-
dulgence from the Senate. ["Let us adjourn."]
I have spoken and occupied as little time in the
Senate as any other member in it. The Senator
ft om Oregon has been on the floor at least four
times to my once.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Texas has moved that the Senate adjourn;
and that motion is not debatable.
Mr. HEMPHILL. I made it simply because
the Senator is fatigued.
Mr. LANE. I ask the Senator to withdraw
the motion.
Mr. JOHNSON, ofTennessee. I only yield
for a motion to adjourn.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion to adjourn. With the permis-
sion of the Senator from Texas, the Chair will
lay certain communications before the Senate be-
fore the question is put.
Mr. WIGFALL. Is the motion to adjourn
withdrawn ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is not with-
drawn. It is pending, as the Chair understands.
Mr. WIGFALL. There is a motion to adjourn
pending, then?
