1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understands the motion perfectly well; but the
Chair desires to have certain communications
presented to the Senate before the motion is put.
KESOLUTIONS OF KENTUCKY.
The PRESIDING OFFICER laid before the
Senate the following message from the President
of the United States:
To the Senate and House of Representatives:
I have received from the JJovernor of Kentucky certain
resolutions adopted by thc'Genernl Assembly of that Com-
monwealth, containing an application to Congress for the
call of a convention for propo&mjj amendments to tlie Con-
stitution of the United States, with a request that I should
immediately place the same before that body. It aftords
me great satisfaction to perform this duty; and I feel quite
confident that Congress will bestow upon these resolutions
the carelul consideration to which they aie eminently en-
titled, on account of the distinguished and patriotic source
fiom which they pioceed,as well as the great importance
ot the subject which they involve.
JAMES BUCHANAN.
Washington, February 5,1861.
The message and accompanying resolutions
were ordered to lie on the table.
COURT OF CLAIMS.
The PRESIDING OFFICER laid before the
Senate a letter from the chief clerk of the Court
of Claims, transmitting decisions of the Court of
Claims advcise to the claim of Thomas 0. Self-
ridge; the claim of Thankful Neagle, administra-
tor of Enos Grannis; the claim of James Paxton,
executor of John Jordon; and the claim of Moses
Yale.
Also, decisions of the Court of Claims in favor
of the claim of Constance Batcman and others;
the claim of Jacob P. Leese, assignee of Thomas
O. Larkin, accompanied by the following bills:
A bill for the relief of Constance Bateman and
others; and
A bill for the relief of Jacob P. Lecse, assignee
of Thomas O. Larkin.
The reports and bills were referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims.
RECONSIDERATION OF A BILL.
On motion of Mr. BAYARD, that the Senate
reconsider the vote on the passage of the bill (H.
R. No. 554) to extend the right of appeal from
decisions of circuit courts to the Supreme Court
of the United States—
Ordered. That the further consideration thereof be post-
poned to to-moirow.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
fromTexas moves that the Senate do now adjourn.
Mr. BIGLER. I ask the Senator to withdraw
the motion for a moment. [" Oh, no."]
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, February 5, 1861.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas H. Stockton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
REPORT ON FOREIGN COMMERCE.
The Speaker, by unanimous consent, laid be-
fore the House a letter from the Secretary of
State, transmitting the annual report on foreign
commerce for the year i860; which was laid upon
the table, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. FLORENCE moved that five thousand
extra copies of said report be printed.
The motion was referred, under the rules, to
the Committee on Printing.
CHARLES GORDON.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
communication from the clerk of the Court of
Claims, returning, in compliance with the order
of the House, the papers in the case of Charles
Gordon, heretofore referred to said court.
The papers were laid upon the table
FREDERICK VINCENT.
Mr. "DUELL asked the unanimous consent of
the House to offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee of the Whole on the Pri-
vate Calendar be discharged from thp further consideration
ot Senate bill No. 275, tor the relief of Frederick Vincent,
administrator of James La Cazo, surviving partner of the
firm of La Caze Sc. IVIallet, and that the same be recom-
mitted to the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. THOMAS objected.
DELEGATE FROM IDAHO.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I rise to a question of
privilege. I desire to present the certificate of
Hon. Charles L. Morgan, elected as Delegate
from the Territory of Idaho; and I ask that it be
referred to the Committee on Territories.
Mr. COX. I object. There is no such Terri-
tory in existence. *
The SPEAKER. It can be received under the
rules, and will be referred to the Committee on
Territories.
Mr. SICKLES. As a memorial ?
The SPEAKER. Yes, sir; as a memorial.
STATE OF THE UNION.
Mr. FRENCH presented the petition of sundry
citizens of Thomaston, Maine, in relation to the
present condition of public affairs; which was laid
upon the table.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri, presented the peti-
tion of sundry citizens of the State of Missouri,
praying the adoption of the Crittenden proposi-
tion; which was laid upon the table.
LIABILITIES OF SHIP-OWNERS.
Mr. ELY, by unanimous consent, introduced
a bill to amend an act entitled " An act to limit
the liability of ship-owners, and for other pur-
poses,"approved March 3, 1851; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
MOWRY BATES.
Mr. BRAYTON. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to discharge the Committee of
the Whole House from the further consideration
of a bill (H. R. No. 785) for the relief of Mowry
Bates, of Rhode Island.
Mr. FENTON I call for the regular order of
business.
SECESSION OF LOUISIANA.
The SPEAKER. The Chair asks the permis-
sion of the House to give the floor to the gentle-
man from Louisiana, [Mr. Taylor,] who desires
to make a few observations.
No objection was made.
Mr. TAYLOR. Mr. Speaker, I send to the
Clerk's desk, in order that it may be read, a copy
of the ordinance of the State of Louisiana, by
which she declares her connection with the Union
now existing between the States to be dissolved.
That ordinance was, I am told, received by the
Senators from the State of Louisiana, on Satur-
day last. It was not communicated to me, nor
had I any knowledge of its having arrived in this
city, till it was casually mentioned by a gen tie-
man whom I motin the court-ioom ofthc Supreme
Court of the United States, yesterday morning.
I then went into the Senate Chamber, and there
the fact was announced that the ordinance had
been passed, and an official copy of it was sent to
the Secretary's desk and was read. I have taken
the liberty of obtaining from the Senate an exact
copy of that instrument, and I now ask permis-
sion of the House, that the copy which I have pro-
cured be read, and that when read, the House will
indulge me in saying something on this most ex-
traordinary and momentous occasion.
The Clerk read, as follows:
An.ordinancc to dissolve the union between the State of Lou-
isiana and other States united with her, under the compact
entitled " The Constitution of the United States of Amer-
ica.'*
We. the people of the State ofLouisiana, in convention
assembled, do declare and oidan^and it is hereby declared
and oidained, that the oidinance passed by u-; in convention
on the 22d day of November, in the year 1811. whereby the
Constitution of the United States of America, and the
amendments of said Constitution, were adopted, and all
laws and ordinances by winch the State of Louisiana be-
came a member of the Federal Union, be, and the same are
hereby, repealed and abrogated; and that the union now
subsisting between Louisiana and other States, under the
name of the " United States of America," is hereby dis-
solved.
We do further declare and ordain, that the State of Lou-
isiana hereby resumes all rights and powers heretofore del-
egated to the Government of the United States of Amenca;
that her citizens aie absolved from all allegiance to t^aid
Government; and that bhe is in full possession and exer-
cise of all tho e rights of sovereignty which appertain to a
free and independent Siate.
We do lurther deolaie and ordain, that all rights acquired
and vested under the Constitution of the United States, or
any act of Congress-, or treaty, or under any law ot this
State and not incompatible with this otdmunee, bhall re-
main m force and have tile same effect as if this ordinance
had not been passed.
The undersigned hereby ceitified that the above ordi-
nance is a true copy of the original ordinance adopted tbs
day by the convention of the State of Louisiana,
Given under iny hand and the great seal of Louisiana, at
Baton Rouge, this 26th day of the month Of January, in the
vear of our Lord, 1661. -
[l. s.] A. MOTJTON,
President of the Convention,
J. Thomas Wheat, Secretary of the Convention.
Mr. SPINNER. Has that paper been re-
ceived, Mr, Speaker? and does it go on the Jour-
nal ?
The SPEAKER. It does not. It is read as
part of the remarks of the gentleman from Lou-
isiana.
Mr. SPINNER. Well; I think it is high time
to put a stop to this countenancing of treason in
the Halls of legislation. If I can object to it, I
certainly do.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Lou-
isiana will proceed, by unanimous consent.
Mr. TAYLOR. Mr. Speaker, and gentlemen
of the House of Representatives, the act which
it is my purpose to perform, of withdrawingfrom
this assemblage of the. Representatives of the
American people,in obedience to the willof the
people of my State, is one of no ordinary occur-
rence, and it is one which impresses me with feel-
ings of the gravest and most profound anxiety.
With the permission of the House, I will take the
liberty of saying that which occurs to my mind
in regard to the condition in which we are now
placed as a people, and in regard to what is before
us in the future. I shall not cast any look back-
ward. I shall make no observations on the occur-
rences that have produced the results now before
us. 1 shall only speak of the present position of
this great country, and the future which is about
to open upon us.
We, the Representatives of the greatest Repub-
lic which the world has ever yet seen, the Repre-
sentatives of a people who, in the ordinary course
of Providence, were destined to become the great-
est the world has ever yet known, are now wit-
nessing the dissolution of a mighty frame of Gov-
ernment. Within the last few weeks, we have
seen State after State leaving this Union formed
by our fathers for the common good of all. We
know that that has been caused by differences of
opinion between the inhabitants of two portions
of this Confederacy—differences of opinion that
have grown out of the change of sentiment aris-
ing out of a change in the situation of the people
of a portion of the States. Without speaking of
those circumstances, without speaking of the facts
that have led to the display of these differences,
it is enough for me to say that these differences
are of such a character that the people of a large
portion of the United States, the people of a num-
ber of the sovereign States, have arrived at the
conclusion that they can no longer remain mem-
bers of this Union with safety to themselves and
to their rights of property, unless changes are made
in the constitutional law of the land which will
meet the changes that have taken place in the sit-
uation of a portion of our people—which will meet
the changes that have taken place in the feelings
and views of a portion of the States, and restore
the Union to the condition in which it was when
it was framed, by erecting positive barriers which
will restrain the action of the people, and of the
departments of the Federal Government, within
the boundaries set to that action by the public
sentiment of the country when the Government
went into operation.
There are now pending before this House a
variety of propositions reported from a committee
composed of members of all the States of which
this Union consisted when this Congress assem-
bled. Their passage has been urged on this House
by different individuals, under the influence, un-
doubtedly, of the most patriotic motjyves, in the
expectation that their passage would be attended
with public advantage, and would be likely to
compose the differences that now divide us. Mr.
Speaker, I was a member of that committee. I
was one of those who dissented from the minority
that reported these propositions to the House.
In a report which I presented as the organ of the
minority, I expressed the grounds of my dissent
from the views of those who supported them in
the committee, and now favor their adoption. My
belief to-day is what it was then; and, in my judg-
ment, standing in the position which I now oc-
cupy, I owe it to myself, I owe it to the people
of Louisiana, I owe it to you, and to the people of
