168
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 7,
36th Cong....2d Sess.
State of the Union—Mr. Allen.
Ho. oe Eeps.
confidence removed; our merchants have failed;
ourbankssuspended; our mechanics are out of em-
ployment; ouragricultural interests are paralyzed;
and thousands of our honest, toiling citizens sud-
denly rendered almost destitute. Financial dis-
tress and ruin stalk throughoutour hitherto happy
and prosperous land, while revolution lias raised
its hideous form, and is marching with gigantic
strides to the destruction of the noblest fabric of
government ever dedicated to the freedom of man.
The foundations of this proud edifice, erected by
the hands of the patriots of 1776, consecrated to
the freedom and happiness of their descendants,
and as an asylum for the oppressed of all lands,
are being sapped, and the mighty structure is.
shaken from center to circumference; and the pa-
triotic millions, with hearts devoted to the institu-
tions of the Government, and ever cherishing the
memories of the fathers who framed it, with ago-
nizing countenances and uplifted voices are cry-
ing, " God save the Union !"
In the midst of this perilous crisis, is it not our
duty, as Representatives in whom have been con-
fided important trusts by our countrymen, to pause
and inquire the cause of all this distress and
alarm, and, if possible, to propose a remedy be-
fore our nation's history is closed ? Sir, we are
recreant to every confidence reposed in us, if we
remain with folded arms and calm indifference to
these momentous events, and a fearful responsi-
bility awaits us before the " bar of public opinion"
and the " bar of God." Perhaps the real cause
of the misfortunes and perils by which we are
surrounded is to be found in the spirit of discon-
tent, avarice, and selfishness of certain reckless
demagoguesm both sections of the country, whose
motto is " rule or ruin,"and who are ever ready
to sacrifice the interests of their countrymen to
advance their unrighteous schemes for wealth and
power. But the. means by which they have so
fareffected the object of their country's ruin is by
the agitation of the subject of slavery. This has
been for a number of years the all-absorbing ques-
tion with politicians in all parts of the country,
and about the only ground upon which men sought
or obtained political preferment. Nearly every
great question of national policy which formerly
occupied the attention of the people and their pub-
lic servants lias become obsolete, or regarded of
little importance, compared with this one, which,
practically, has served no useful purpose to any
person but that of political capital to those who
could obtain by it political power.
But politicians of each section have dwelt long
and loud upon it; they have exhausted the vocab-
ulary in coining popular phrases by which they
might the more bitterly denounce those who an-
tagonized with them. While the northern agi-
tators have, in the most bitter and severe man-
ner, denounced the slaveholders of the South, and
those who refused to join in waging war against
their institution, the southern agitators have been
equally vigilant in their denunciations of the peo-
ple of the North, whom they denounce as Aboli-
tionists without distinction. Fanatical harangues
and sentiments of impracticable men in either sec-
tion, have been heralded forth by those of the
other as reflecting public opinion in the entire
North or entire South.
Southern agitators have warned their people to
beware of northern aggression; and northern agi-
tators have, in like manner, admonished theiis to
guard vigilantly against southern aggression. And
thus, these two classes of ultra and unreasonable
men, without influence in the beginning, have, by
incessant inflammatory appeals to the people, cre-
ated thatalienation and distrust which has brought
about the deplorable state of affairs we now wit-
ness. The fanatics of the South have hereto-
fore styled themselves Democrats; but they were
Democrats for the purpose of destroying Democ-
racy. The majority of the people of either sec-
tion, as I believe, are naturally conservative. I
know those of the North are; and southern poli-
ticians know this. But some of them have ever
been ready to furnish northern agitators with ma-
terials by which they might overpower conserva-
tive northern men—those who have periled their
political success, and, amid storms of fanaticism,
advocated for southern people their rights, as
guarantied by the Constitution.
The mad harangues of southern agitators have
been scattered over the entire North by northern
interventionists, with the design of making the
northern Democracy responsible for all the odious
doctrines advocated at the South—such as the right
of secession, the revival of the African slave trade,
and other propositions which never were con-
curred in by the Democracy of the North, and by
very few at the South. Again: the ultra portion
of the Republican party at the North have, with
their inflammatory appeals, not only perverted
northern sentiment, but placed in the hands of
southern interventionists weapons for an unjust
warfare against conservative southern men. The
two extreme classes of politics have gained the as-
cendency in their respective sections, the northern
predominating over the southern section; and, in
the election of Abraham Lincoln President of the
United States by the Republican party, aided by
southern disuniomsts, who contributed to the re-
sult by dividing the Democratic party, this in-
flamed state of public feeling is about to culminate
in the destruction of the Government. The irre-
pressible conflict is about to be realized, not as
the natural result of the institution of slavery, as
recognized by the Constitution, but the result of
a perversion of public sentiment by mad parti-
sans; not a conflict between freedom and African
slavery, but a conflict between order and anarchy,
between Government and revolution, which in-
volves not the welfare of the four million of slaves
in this country, but the weal or woe of the mil-
lions of our own race, whose liberties are jeop-
ardized thereby.
It is useless to pursue this subject. It is enough
to know that this conflict exists, and that if it is
not soon suppressed, it will consummate the na-
tion 's destruction. A number of the people of the
southern States claim the right, for causes the
sufficiency of which they declare their right to be
the exclusive judges, of withdrawing from the
Government, and severing their connection with
it; and in pursuance of this claim, seven of the
States, so far as they can by their own action, have
placed themselves beyond the pale of the General
Government. It is useless to consume time in
controverting so preposterous a claim as that of
the secessionists. No such right as secession
exists—at least as a constitutional right. No such
right is anywhere recognized by the provisions
of the Constitution; but both the instrument itself,
and the history of its adoption, show that the
Union was designed to be perpetual; and that 110
State could become a parly to that instrument ex-
cept under the bonds of a perpetual Union. The
General Government, being the repository of cer-
tain powers delegated by the people of the several
States for their common welfare, has no right to
permit the people of any State to absolve them-
selves from allegiance to it, without the consent
of the people of the remaining States, or at least
without the concurrence required for an amend-
ment of the Constitution. TI10 preamble to the
Constitution of the United States recites the fol-
lowing language:
" We, ilic people of the United States, in order to form a
moie [leif'eet Onion, e^tabiedljui-tiee, insure domestic tran-
quillity. provide lm the common defence, pi emote the gen-
eral uvlfare, ;md yeeuie the blos-m;;-- of liberty to our^elvoa
and 0111 po-ti'i !t\, ilu ordain and estAhlHi tln  C'oiistitation
for the United Statesof Ameilea."
If the people of any State have a right to with-
draw from the Federal CJnion, and sever all con-
nection with it, ut such time and for such cause
as they may deem proper and sufficient, our Gov-
ernment is the sheerest system of humbuggery;
and the patriots who laid its foundations, as has
been supposed, upon a firm and enduring basis,
instead of bein ; venerated and honored by the
American people, as they have been for eighty
years, are worthy the execrations of the millions
of people upon whom they have entailed the direst
calamities thatcver befell mankind. The doctrine
of the rightof scccssion isabsurdand ridiculous.
The Union of the original States was formed by
the people of each, in which they, in the language
of the preamble just recited, u in order to form a
more perfect Union, insure domestic tranquillity,
| and provide for the common defense," delegated
to the General Government certain enumerated
powers, which the Government has the right to
exercise; and to thatextent its power is sovereign
and paramount. As to those powers which are
not delegated, they remain with the people of the
States, and to the extent of these powers the peo-
ple therein are sovereign.
The Constitution is a compact binding upon the
States of the Union who have become parties to
it, and binding upon the people in their collective
and individual capacity; and none can avoid its
provisions without a violation of that compact.
No more striking instance of the absurdity of this
doctrine is to be found than that of the secession of
the State of Florida. The people of Florida, like
the other seceding States, have passed an ordinance
of secession, by which they claim to resume the
sovereignty which they have heretofore vested in
the General Government. The territory which
comprises the State of Florida was purchased by
the United States at a cost of §5,000,000. After the
Government acquired the territory, it cost the sum
of $50,000,000 to quiet the Indians and protect its
citizens. A large amountof money has been ex-
! pended by the General Government in the erection
of forts, public buildings, &c., for the common
defense and common benefit. Previous to the ac-
quisition of the territory its citizens were the sub-
• jects of one of the most despotic Governments
of Europe—the Government of Spain. They
I were thus relieved from despotic power. Now,
j with a mere handful of inhabitants—less than the
I population of the district which I represent—after
• the Government has paid the price of their free-
dom, and expended millions of money for their
benefit, this little band of disorganizers talk about
j resuming their sovereignty, and propose to walk
! out of the Union and take the public property
i with them. This is the position of Florida; and
the same inconsistency presents itself, in part, as
| to Louisiana and Texas, the last two States which
! have seceded.
I The Louisiana purchase, of which the State of
1 Louisiana isa part, cost the Government the sum of
; $15,000,000. Thepurchasewasmademainlytoac-
quire control of the Mississippi river, and to afford
| an outlet for the commerce of the great West.
Louisiana has received her full share of the pub-
1 lie expenditures; her great metropolis has been
built up and enriched by our trade. She, although
intimately connected with the North commer-
, ciully, has attempted to sever her connection with
j us, and has placed herself in a hosiile attitude to
! the Government. We are not only to lose the
I price paid for her territory, the money expended
! smcc, but the free navigation of the Mississippi
river, the paramount object in making the pur-
chase. It is true, she declares in her proceedings
of secession that the navigation of the river is to
befree toStates maintaining friendly relations with
her, but we will not be considered in that attitude
unless we consent to her unreasonable demands.
In the acquisition of Texas w« were involved
in a bloody war with Mexico, which cost us mil-
lions of dollars and hundieds of lives; in addition
to expenditures for public property within the
State, large expenditures have been incurred in
transporting and sustaining troops in part for tho
protection of her frontier. Only last session Con-
gress was asked to provide for two mounted regi-
ments for the protection of her frontier.
As a reward to the Government of the United
States for extend mg its protection over them, those
States propose appropriating the public property
to their own use, and to use the forts and public
arms in the destruction of the lives of our people,
if they attempt to resist their unjust demands. The
territory of the other seceding States was withm
the limits of the Confederacy as first established;
but the fortifications, custom-houses, and other
property which they have seized, were paid for out
of the common treasure for the common benefit;
the people of these States have an interest in them
as citizens of the United States, but not simply as
citizens of the seceding States. This property was
not only purchased and paid for at an extravagant
price in many instances, but the title of the ground
upon which the public buildings are situate was,
by the legal and rightfulowners, vested in the Uni-
ted Stales, and no claim ran be set up that it re-
verts to these States in any event. Not only has
the Government jurisdiction over it, but it is the
absolute property of the Government, and those
States have no more right to it than the highway-
man has to his booty. These facts render the
whole doctrine of secession so preposterous, that I
am surprised it should find an advocate
