1861.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
169
36th Cong....2d Sess.
State of the Union—Mr. Allen.
Ho. of Eeps.
But it is said the right of revolution exists when
the oppression of a Government becomes too in-
tolerable to be borne. Of this there can be no
doubt. In such case, revolution becomes justifia-
ble; but is the revolution now going on of that
character? What is the alleged cause ? The tri-
umph of a sectional party, and the election of a
sectional candidate to the Presidency; by which it
is claimed a war will bo waged by the Federal Gov-
ernment against slavery until it is exterminated.
Those fears, however honest and well founded, do
not justify such an extraordinary resort as yet.
Let them wait for some overt act of aggression on
the part ofthe new Administration before appealing
to this remedy. The Republican party have accom-
plished their object; they have elected their Pres-
ident; they can now afford to be generous to their
southern brethren. TheirPresiden twill be anxious
to be President of the whole country, and not a
fragment of it, and to close his official career, as far
as possible, with the respect of his countrymen
everywhere. He has been elected according to the
forms of the Constitution and laws of the United
States, and should be installed as the Chief Ma-
gistrate. If he violates the Constitution, or deals
unjustly with the people of any section, there is
a remedy under the Constitution. In such case,
if the remedy be not applied before, the people,
at the expiration of his term, will hurl him from
power.
The people of the South are unnecessarily
alarmed. Their grievances are much magnified.
It has been claimed that their cause for rebellion
is equal to that of the heroes of the Revolution;
but the analogy does not hold good. One of the
chief causes of complaint on the part of the col-
onists was, that they were taxed without being
allowed representation. But the seceding States,
so far from being deprived of the right of repre-
sentation—their representatives, at their instance,
have withdrawn from-this Hall—refused to par-
ticipate in the deliberations of this body. Their
names are yet retained on the roll, and as often as
it is called, they are called upon to cast their votes
upon such measures as receive the consideration of
the House. The colonists rebelled because ofactual
oppression; the cotton States because they fear op-
pression , as they allege, in the election of a sectional
candidate to the Presidency. The colonists were
resisting actual grievances; the secessionists are
resisting imaginary or apprehended grievances.
There is certainly no great similarity between
their condition and that of their brave ancestors.
Their security and prosperity, in my opinion, are
in the Union, and in the strict observance of the
Constitution and the laws made in pursuance
thereof.
But the people, or atleast those who assume to
control public sentiment in the seceding States,
declare differently, and act accordingly; and we
are compelled to deal with what we believe to be
their follies rather than the justice of their de-
mands; and crimination and recrimination, at this
point, can do no good. We are called upon to
deal in stern realities. Seven States have seceded,
and are in a state of revolution. Others threaten
to follow; and unless some action is had, and that
speedily, the latter States, from their position and
relation with the institution of slavery, although
disposed to be loyal to the Constitution, may be
precipitated into the awful vortex of revolution.
I have ever been hopeful that this secession move-
ment would, by some means, be arrested before
the border States, as they are called, should take
their position with the cotton States; for, the Con-
federacy once dissevered, the South united in a
southern confederacy, and I have no hope of a
reconstruction. I look upon such a proposition
as totally impracticable. The Confederacy once
broken, it is broken forever. Therefore, I cannot
consider propositions of any kind which look to
a division of the Confederacy. We hear schemes
for northern, southern, border, western, and Pa-
cific confederacies. Such propositions are ill-timed.
It will be time enough to consider these proposi-
tions when all hope of maintaining the present
Confederacy shall have failed. Until that time,
I will not so far relax my energies in support of
this glorious Union as to look at it in a dismem-
bered attitude.
The people of my district are firmly and im-
movably attached to the American Union. They
behold in its maintenance, under the spirit ofthe
Constitution, the great bulwark of their safety and
happiness. They can never consent to its disso-
lution, but will cling to it through every storm of
fanaticism and revolution that rages in the land,
as the unfortunate mariner clings to the last wreck
ofthe sinking vessel. They will make every con-
cession that honor can grant or justice demand
to give permanence to the Government and peace
to the country. They will ever vindicate the
nation's rights and defend its honor. They will
never countenance an insult from a foreign foe or
an unfaithful citizen, to that glorious flag which
has waved in triumph over so many victories,
protected our commerce upon every sea, and com-
manded for us the respect of the civilized world.
They will ever denounce those who would trample
upon the nation's ensign, or raise the arm of rebel-
lion against one of the best systems of Govern-
ment ever established among men. They are a
law-abiding people, and will not countenance dis-
obedience to the laws of the country by the'people
of any portion thereof.
This leads me to say something upon a subject
which has been so much discussed here, about
which there exists a diversity of opinion, and
upon which, from the artful language sometimes
employed by those who discuss it, there is much
misapprehension—1 mean the power and duty of
the Government to enforce such laws as may be
indispensable to its existence. None but those
who believe in the right of secession will deny
the right of the Government to enforce such laws.
But the policy of doing so is questioned by many
who deny the constitutional right of secession, on
various grounds. One is, that it is an attempt to
coerce the seceding States; and that this cannot
be done without involving the country in a civil
war; and that States thus coerced would be but
conquered provinces, and not willing and loyal
subjects. The venerable President, in his annual
message, tells us that we cannot coerce a seceding
State, for to do so would be to wage a war against
a State by the General Government, which the
Government has no right to do. I do not claim
that the Government has any power to levy war
against a State; nor can a State, as such, violate
the Federal laws, and be guilty of treason to the
Government; but her citizens may. A State, as
such, is presumed to be loyal to the Constitution
and laws of the United States; and when, by her
Legislature, or convention called in pursuance
thereof, she nullifies Federal legislation, such ac-
tion of the State Legislature is simply void; but
her citizens, who thus attempt to pervert the pow-
ers of her Legislature, and under color of State
legislation trample upon Federal laws, are respons-
ible, and are amenable to punishment, whether
those citizens be few or many.
But the judicial officers of the General Govern-
ment having resigned in some of the seceding
States, many of the laws, at least without further
legislation by Congress, cannot be enforced; and
some of them, indeed, cannot be enforced at all;
but these are such as more particularly concern
the people of the seceding States as to rights
and remedies existing between them; if they
choose to deprive themselves of the benefits of
the laws, the misfortune is their own; it is their
privilege to do so, if the rights of the citizens of
other portions of the country are not impaired
thereby. But the forts and public property may
be protected, and the public revenue collected—
at least by proper legislation—without the aid of
the Federal courts; and while this can be done, I
am for it; and not until it is demonstrated that the
Government has not the strength to defend its
property, and collect its revenue, can the Execu-
tive, under an oath to support the Constitution,
surrender either to the secessionists. While the
Government can perform these functions, it is a
Government. When it fails to do so, it is at an
end. The Executive cannot lightly throw off the
obligations the Constitution imposes. As Rep-
resentatives, we cannot do so. And the northern
people, and many of the South, will not consent
to a quiet surrender of the public property to
those who are attempting the overthrow of the
Government. Their brave hearts and strong
arms will ever be arrayed against a movement of
this kind. A people who would willingly wit-
ness the last prop of their Government removed,
without an effort to prevent it, would be incapa-
ble and unworthy of self-government anywhere.
I do not care how small you reduce the area of.a
Government, there will always be rebellious sub-
jects, who would overthrow it, if they could quiet
loyal citizens by threatening civil war if they .were
not allowed to consummate their designs.
The idea of peaceable secession, however de-
sirable, when secession becomes inevitable, is, in
my opinion, utterly impossible. Does any one
suppose that, if the sections cannot now agree
upon a settlement touching the question of slavery
in the Territories, they will amicably adjust the
important differences which must arise upon a
separation? Will not the demands on the one
side, and the determination to resist them on the
other, be rather increased than diminished, when
once all hope of conciliation has failed ? To my
mind, most certainly such will be the case. All
fraternal feeling will then be dissipated; all regard
forconstitutional obligations will then have ceased;
respect by one section for the rights, feelings, and
interests of the people of the other, will no longer
exist. But in the maddened frenzy, fraternal
hatred, unrestrained ambition and avarice which
will have control of the public mind, in that dark
day of anarchy, which 1 shudder to contemplate,
all sections, in a mad strife to obtain as much as
possible of the cargo of the deserted and sinking
ship, will ultimately seek, in an appeal to arms,
the final arbitrament of their differences, and a
means of revenge for their real or supposed griev-
ances. Let separation for the time be peaceable,
with two independent Governments carved out of
the same common territory, the subjects of each
fresh from scenes of strife, their bosoms rankling
with hatred and jealousy toward each other—as
would be the people of the northern'and southern
confederacies in the event of their construction—
and how long would the Governments cherish
friendly relations toward each other?
Sir, when wc talk about a peaceable separation
ofthe two sections ofthe Confederacy, an amicable
division of public property, and an amicable ad-
justment of the relations that are to exist between
the two confederacies as two distinct nations, we
deceive ourselves and attempt to misguide others.
We should not suffer ourselves to be deluded with
the belief that this mighty Republic—the boon of
our fathers, cemented with their blood, and con-
secrated by their memory, with its internal rela-
tions with its States and the people of each; with
all its vast relations and intercourse with nations
abroad, with thirty-four sovereign States revolving
around its constitutional center, and bound by the
affections of thirty million people, taught from
their infancy to regard it as the palladium of their
liberty and safety, and who cherish with fond and
prouu recollection the valor and patriotism of their
brave ancestors who established it—can dissolve
and pass away withouta struggle. No, sir; while
patriotism can predominate over passion and pre-
judice, it will stand a proud monument of the wis-
dom of its founders; and when it falls, if fall it
must, it will go down beneath a sea of blood. I
do not desire to indulge in too great a stretoh of
imagination on the terrific scenes which I believe
must surround the Republic as itdeparts from its
place among the nations of the earth; but the his-
tory of other nations, as well as the nature of our
Government and character of our people, corrob-
orate my position, whether in this instance I am
correct or not.
Is it not of the utmost importance that every
effort be made to avert the calamities of a disso-
lution,^ whatever form, and by peaceable meas-
ures preserve, if possible, the rich inheritance?
Will we not be held responsible by the people we
represent, and by generations to come, if we fail
to use every effort within our power to avert these
evils? It will not be a sufficient excuse for us that
we could not compromise the difficulties by which
we are surrounded with out a sacrifice of some
favorite dogma, by which we have been promoted
to the places we occupy. The various abstractions
upon the subject of slavery will be found of no
consequence when compared with the weal or woe
of the thirty million people we represent.
We should rise above all party prejudice and
party considerations. If we cannot do this, we are
unfit to occupy the places we now hold. But if
we ever compromise, it must be by mutual con-
