THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN 0. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. 0.
Thirty-Sixth Congress, 2d Session
THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 7, 1861.
New Series No. 48.
same product of the southern portion of these
States, is not less than $400,000,000. Now, sir,
this single southern staple forms the basis of such
a portion of the products of the industry of the
whole civilized world, that their value derived
from the labor and capital employed in their cre-
ation, taken in connection with the original cost
of the raw material, reaches the amazing sum of
upwards of twelve hundred million dollars!
The fabrics which are made from it enter into
the consumption of every family upon the globe
that is within the reach of the operations of
trade. They are essential to the comfort of mil-
lions upon millions of the inhabitants of this earth.
And I would ask, what will happen if these two
great sections go to war? Why, sir, a great por-
tion of the labor now given to the cultivation of
cotton would be withdrawn. The production of
cotton in the southern States would fall off at
once to one half, perhaps one third, of what it
now is. And why? The supplies of various
kinds which they have heretofore drawn from the
pastures and fields and from the mills and the
workshops of once friendly States, then become
enemies, would have to be supplied by our own
labor, and thousands of strong arms and busy
hands, now engaged in the culture of cotton,
would have to be diverted to the growth of corn
and wheat, and to the production of all the innu-
merable articles that enter into the daily consump-
tion of a people.
But this would not be all. Another portion still
would have to be diverted from that culture for the
production and supply of the munitions and mate-
rial of war, and for the erection of works required
for the purposes of defense at important strategic
pointsin their territories. The sea would no longer
be covered with the ships employed to carry food
to the spindles and the looms of other lands. And
what would be the result? Such a wide-spread suf-
fering among those who depend upon labor, such
a wide-spread suffering among those who depend
upon the interest of capital, as the world never
witnessed since the world began. It would give
a shock to the industry of the whole world. It
would disturb all of the currentsof trade. It
would overwhelm all civilized communities in
bankruptcy. It would subject every class of so-
ciety, not only throughout America, but through-
out Europe, to every species of suffering. If that
state of things were to continue, what would be
the condition of the world ?
I know it has been suggested on the other side
that there was an easy way of obtaining a supply
of cotton in place of that now furnished by the
southern States. I know that one gentleman [Mr.
Wasiiburn, of Wisconsin] referred to discov-
eries made, as ho said, upon the continent of
Africa, which would open the way to obtaining
an ample supply from that quarter of the world.
I have given much attention to this subject, and
I will venture to say that all the land that can be
found upon that continent adapted to the profita-
ble production of cotton, and which can be brought
into cultivation forthe next century, will not sup-
ply as much cotton for the markets of the world
as is yielded to-day by the labor of a single county
in the district represented by my friend from Ark-
ansas, [Mr. Rust.] I know it is said by some
that the world may obtain a supply from India;
but it is idle to say so. Do we not all know that
for a third of a century the Government of Great
Britain has been engaged in unsuccessful attempts
to supply herself with that great staple from her
possessions there? Persons experienced in the
culture of cotton have been taken there from the
southern States and large amounts of capital have
been employed. The care and attention of the
most intelligent cultivators have been called into
their service. But, with what effect? Why, all
efforts for its production in such quantities and of
such qualities as would, in any material degree,
enable them to supersede the necessity for Amer-
ican cotton, by supplies to be obtained from that
quarter, have been altogether abandoned. And it
is now said by many that the invasion and con-
quest of China will terminate in such a way as to
48
give the Powers engaged in that enterprise the
means of making that country an instrument for
the supply of the deficiency which would follow
any diminution in the crops of America. But can
anyone having any discourse of reason suppose
that will be so? China is a country now filled
with hundreds of millions of people. China is a
country in which that portion of the labor of its
population which can be devoted to that purpose
to-day, is scarcely sufficient to supply it with the
food necessary for the sustenance of her people.
No year passes by in which famines do not occur
in differentportionsofthat vast Empire. A change
may be made, it is true, in the character of the cot-
ton which is now produced there; but its quantity
cannot be materiallyincreased, because the addi-
tional labor which would be necessary for that
purpose cannot be spared from the work of pro-
viding the articles of food constantly required for
the subsistence of the teeming millions of her peo-
ple who are engaged in all the other pursuits of
life.
But if I am mistaken with respect to the pros-
pective capacity of Africa or of China to afford
supplies of cotton hereafter, to take the place of
that now derived from the South, what then?
Why, it will be years and years before the work
of providing for that supply can be accomplished.
And what is Europe to do m the mean time, if the
supply from the southern States should be cut off?
Do you, gentlemen of the northern States, who
believe in the existence of imperial powers in the
Federal Government, and who talk so compla-
cently of enforcing the Federal laws within the
limits of the seceding States, suppose that that
supply is to be kept up, if, as is proposed in the
bills you have reported to this House, you should
blockade the ports of the seceding States ? How
is it to be done? Is that measure only designed to
make the cotton bales of the South pass over your
railroads, and thus find an egress through your
cities on their way to Europe? Are blockades to be
resorted to to enrich your railroad companies and
the various agents employed in such inland trans-
portation, with freights and tolls and commissions?
If that be so, Hatter not youiselves with any such
results. If you fulfill your menaces, and blockade
southern ports, the southern States will lay an
embargo upon all cotton seeking transportation
through the northern channels open to it. Not a
bale will be permitted to be moved inland in that
direction until the commerce of their poits is
freed from your impediments. And if your people
could stand this state of tilings, how long do you
suppose that England and France would stand by
in silence and inaction ? And if the two sections
are engaged in actual war, so that the cotton is
not only arrested in our ports, but not made,
will they stand idly by and see you, who have
heretofore been the partisans of the right of self-
government,engaged in the despotic work of com-
pelling us to submit to be governed at your mere
will and pleasure; and that, too, when, by this
most gross and palpable violation of the funda-
mental principle of your own Government, you
inflict on them, in common with other countries,
all injury which will shake the whole social sys-
tem of Europe to its very center ? I, forone, think
they will not. If those evil times come, to which
you seem to look forward, they will be compelled
to interpose in their own interest, and you and
we will be at their mercy; for our greatness and
strength will have been lost in our contests and
divisions. And what will be the position then of
any American, no matter from what State he may
go, if he ventures to go abroad ? Why, he will be
pomtedateverywhereas belongingto aracewhich
were incapable of maintaining the mighty fabric
of empire which their fathers had reared. And
what would be the position of one going from the
North? Would he not meet with the additional
reproach, where popular freedom was held 111 re-
spect, that his people, when they had become
strong, had thrown aside all respect for the prin- j
ciple of self-government to engage in a most tin- i
justifiable war upon their alienated kindred of the I
South > . I
But, Mr. Speaker, it was not my purpose to
go to any length in this line of remark. It was
not my desire to do sag and but for the repeated
interruptions, I might not have done it. I desired,
however, to present to the Representatives of the
American people such considerations as occurred
to my mind, showing it to be not only required
by patriotism, but that it is required by the in-
terest of trade, and for the comfort and the hap-
piness of the masses of our own people, and
of the masses of mankind, that our separation,
if it is to take place and,become permanent,
shall be followed by peace between the two sec-
tions.
And it is with that view that I now call on north-
ern Representatives to pause, and to weigh well
what they are about to do. I would ask them if
they are not laboring undor great misconceptions
as to the nature of the existing Federal Govern-
ment? They seem to consider—if one may judge
of their views from what is constantly thrown out
by them in disconnected remarks—that there is a
serious and fatal defect in that plan of Govern-
ment if it does not have the power to compel sub-
mission to its will, everywhere within the Fed-
eral limits, by the exercise of physical power.
Why, sir, to my mind, the abscnce of such a
power is of the very essence of the republicanism
which was professed and practiced by ourfathers.
They believed in the right of every distinct peo-
ple to govern themselves. They belonged to sep-
arate States, each of which was then in the full
enjoyment of this very right; and when they
formed the Federal Government, they so consti-
tuted it that it would become the strongest Gov-
ernment in the world while it retained the affec-
tions of our people, and the very weakest of all
when they were alienated. It was erected all-pow-
erful for good, in everything that concerns the gen-
eral interest, and absolutely without any strength
for the purposes of local or sectional oppression. ■>
The States were left in existence; and so long as
their people continue to regard the General Gov-
ernment as their Government, its powers are un-
controlled and uncontrollable within them all. But
if, on the other hand—no matter from what cause
—the people of any State come to lo k upon it as
a Government, no longer theirs, butono unfriendly
to them, then, as I understand the Constitution,
when that fact is made manifest, by the filling of
all the departments of the State government with
men determined to act upon that idea, the Fed-
eral Government is actually without the means' of
doing any act within their limits, in a constitutional
or legal manner, without their consent. And is
this a defect? It would be, indeed, a defect, and
a great one, in a despotic Government which ac-
knowledges the existence of no rights m opposi-
tion to its own will. I doubt if it will ever be con-
sidered so by those who hate oppression and who
desire that existing rights shall never be violated
Will you not, then, pause in the careerupon which
you seem about to enter, and, if you cannot bring
yourselves to consent to an adjustment of our sec-
tional differences, at least determine to make, the
separation now taking place between the sections
peaceful ?
To-day, sir, there are but six States that have
seceded. To-morrow, perhaps, another State will
be added to that number. But if those gentlemen
who take the views of their duty, to which I have
alluded, and pursue the course which we are
induced to believe from their remaiks they will
attempt, where will it end ? "In a few short weeks
the Navy of the United Stales may be made use
of to blockade our ports. In a few short weeks
the military power of the United States may be
made use of for the purpose of taking possession
of portions of our territory. What then? Let
me tell these gentlemen that the blockade of a
southern port is war; that the entry of an army
into the territory of a seceding State is war. Then
a new condition of things will be seen. The first
blow struck will cause the spirit of southern
nationality to leap from the very hearts of her
people.
Mr. SICKLES. Will the gentleman from Lou-
