1861.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
171
36th Cong....2d Sess.
State of the Union-—Mr. Hatton.
Ho. of Reps.
no, gentlemen; I would not have you do anything
under threats. I would, however, have you repeal
them under your own sense of what is right; under
your own sense of the sacredness of compacts;
luuler your own consciousness of the necessity of
domestic peace and tranquillity, which these laws
are so well calculated to disturb. Let these laws
be speedily repealed, and it will go very far in
allaying the excitement of our people. The adop-
tion of the resolution upon this subject, recom-
mended in the report under consideration, will
facilitate this end.
There are other causes of disturbance between
the .North and South. Ithas been alleged by men
liigh ill position in the South, and by a largo por-
tion of the southern people it is believed—with
what degree of reason I will not stop to inquire—
that the ultimate purpose of the Republican party
is, to destroy the institution of slavery ill the
States.
I am glad to know that it has been proposed
by that pai ty, that, by an amendment of the Con-
stitution, this source of apprehension and irri-
tation shall be put forever at rest. The proposi-
tion of the distinguished gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Adams,] reported by the committee
of thirty-three, would, if adopted, effectually do
this.* It is not pretended that, under the Consti-
tution, as it is, Congress has any right to disturb
slavery in the States. The proposed amendment
to the Constitution is simply to put it out of the
power of the North ever to acquire such right, by
an amendment by them of the Constitution.
The questions of slavery in the District of Co-
lumbia, in the dock-yards and aisenals, and of
the inter-State slave trade, have been subjects of
much discussion. It is confidently asserted in the
South that the Republican party, so soon as it
shall have the power, will abolish slavery in this
District, in the dock-yards and arsenals, and pro-
hibit the inter-State slave trade. The exercise of
such a power, if you had it, much more its usurpa-
tion, would be regarded by the whole South as a
flagrant wrong on that section. You say you
have no intention of exercising any such power,
if you have it. In the debate last nigJit, the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Junkin] dis-
claimed for his party any such intention. This
disclaimer has beenoften made during this debate.
The committee of thirty-three say, in the report
before us, that there is no proposition, from any
quarter claiming or proposing the exercise of such
a right. Still, gentlemen, if you have no such
purpose, would it harm you to place in the Con-
stitution an amendment that would free our peo-
ple from any such apprehension Ill doing it,
you would surrender no right which, you say,
you intend or desire to exercise.
But, Mr. Speaker, the most serious ground of
difficulty, at least the one which seems to be the
most difficult to adjust, is the subject of slavery
in the Territories. Not that it is the most im-
portant. No, sir. Practically, so faras any Ter-
ritory we now possess is concerned, there is liter-
ally nothing in it. But the politicians of both sec-
tions of the country have so long and so angrily
quarreled over it, that the people have got it into
their heads that there is something vitally con-
cerning them in it. Hcnce, they arc obdurately
tenacious of their respective views.
Gentlemen of the. Republican party have said to
us: would you have us surrender our principles.'
I reply, must we abandon ours? You say you
are light; may you not be in error? You say that
we are wrong; may we not be in the right? Sup-
pose, then, that this question as to the power and
Moint icsolution to amend tne Constitution of the Uni-
ted States, reported by Mr. Corwin. from the committee of
thufy-three:
Be it re*olved by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United States of .dmcricatn Congress assembled, (two
thuds of both Flours concurring.) That the following arti-
cle be proposed to the Legislatures of the several States as
an amendment to the Constitution of the United States,
which, when ratified by tlnee touiths of said Legislatures,
shall be valid, to all intents and purposes,as paitof the said
Constitution :
Article 12. No amendmentof this Constitution having
for its object any interference within the States with the
re'.ition between their c;li?tns and thoso described in sec-
tion second of the first article of the Constitution as k-'nil
other persons," shall originate with any State that does not
recognize that relation within its own limits, or shall be
valid without the assent of every one of the States compos-
ing the Union.
duty of Congress in the Territories was an open
one: I ask you, ought you not to defer to some
extent to our opinions? But we say it is not an
open question. We say that it has been adjudi-
cated by a competent tribunal, deciding that we
are right and that you are in error.
You say the opinion of the court to which I
refer was a mere obiter dictum, and consequently
has none of the weight of the judgment of a court.
For the sake of argument let us grant it. Still you
must confess that seven out of nine of the judges
of the Supreme Court have, inelaborate opinions,
declared that we were right and that you were
wrong. This being the status of the legal argu-
ment between us, I submit to you, gentlemen,
whether the proposition which we make to you
is not a fair one: that we compromise our difficul-
ties by an amendment to the Constitution provid-
ing—what? Thatin all the territory ofthe United
States north of 36° 30' north latitude, your theory
shall be recognized, and be put into practical op-
eration, and that in all the territory south of that
line, our theory shall practically prevail.
Certain gentlemen of the Republican party have
said, in answer to this view of the subject, and
by way of apology for their obstinate refusal to
counsel concession and compromise, that they are
hut following in the footsteps of Washington and
Jefferson and other distinguished men ofthe South,
who, at an early day, expressed opinions unfa-
vorable to the extension ofslavery. Mr. Speaker,
if this argument were not otherwise unsound, its
fallacy would be made apparent by the fact that
I might refer not only to what distinguished men
of the North, at an early day, said, but what they
did, to prove not only that African slave!y was
right, but that the foreign slave trade was a traffic
to be fostered and protected. Your ancestors
held slaves so long as they were profitable, and
insisted on (he light of carrying on the slave tiade
for twenty-one years after the adoption of the Con-
stitution. The most rigorous fugitive slave law
ever in existence on the American continent was
enacted by the ancestry of the gentlemen of New
England, by which fugitive slaves were captured
and returned to their masters at the public expense,
and with as little reference to the formalities of the
law as are observed, to-day, in my State in the case
of a horse posted as an estray.
Now, Mr. Speaker, with all deference and kind-
ness to gentlemen, whether of the North or South
—separating the arguments of gentlemen from the
gentlemen themselves—I will be excused for say-
ing that all such reasoning, as to what is now ex-
pedient and proper to be done, predicated on any
such facts, is shallow and dangerous sophistry.
If persisted in by gentlemen, and made the basis
of their action, amidst the complications that sur-
round us, all hope of restoring harmony and good
fellowship between the sections, will prove illu-
sory.
The brief hour allowed me will not permit me
to dwell longer here. I have merely glanced at
some of the most prominent sources of difference
between the North and South. There are other
causes of disagreement; but they are such as I
believe can be easily adjusted. Cannot these like-
wise be arranged? If we are not recreant to the
holy trust imposed on us by our fathers, they
can be, and will be, arranged, and that, too, with-
out further delay.
Suppose, Mr. Speaker, that you and I are trav-
eling in opposite directions along a narrow path-
way crossing a fearful chasm. Bycareand mutual
assistance we may pass each other. Shall each
insist that he is entitled to the whole space, and
determine to drive the other back ? And that if
we cannot do this, we will engage in a struggle
that will precipitate us both into the depths below?
If we are lneconcilable and deadly enemies, wo
may. We will not, if we are friends, sincerely
anxious for each other's good.
Then, Mr. Speaker, I again ask gentlemen on
my right whether this exciting and dangerous,
though empty quarrel about slavery in the Terri-
tories, shall not, m a spirit of fairness and friend-
ship, be set forever at rest?
Among the youngest members of the House, it
would ill become me to make any reflection on
the manner in which gentlemen upon this floor
perform their duties to the country. I must be
pardoned for saying, however, that I have been
pained, from the first day of the session till the
present time, at tb- seeming indifference of Rep-
resentatives,from both Northand South, in regard
to propositions which vitally concern the very ex-
istence ofthe Government.
Gentlemen from the North say: "What have
we done to bring about this angry and dangerous
excitement in the country, that we should now be
expected to come forward with sacriliccs to allay
it?" Gentlemen, there are those—and I am among
them—who think you have largely contributed to
creatc it. There are those who charge that you
are responsible for it all. How this is, it is not
essential to my argument to inquire.
Three of you reside beneath the same roof The
building is on fire. Reposing in it are your wives
and children. It contains valuable stores belong-
ing to you. The flames are rapidly spreading-.
If not speedily stayed, the whole will be burned
to the ground, your property destroyed, and the
lives of your families put in jeoparay. Which
one of you will quietly fold his arms and refuse
to make an effort to extinguish the flames, satis-
fying himself by declaring to the others, that the
fire did not originate in his part of the House?
You, Mr. Speaker, and I, your constituents and
my constituents, your family and my family, are
the peaceful dwellers in the fairest fabric of Gov-
ernment that was ever devised by man. In it are
deposited our ancestral glory, our peace and se-
curity for the present, our most chcrishcd hopes
of peace and of prosperity and of honor in the
future. It is on fire. Flames, fierce as hell, are
consuming it. Men of the North, would you
prevent its destruction? You have it in your
power. Without risk, without sacrifice, without
dishonor, you can do it. You have but to speak,
and it is done. In the name of those by whose
blood it was cemented; in the name, not of Ten-
nessee, but of a common humanity; in the name of
the people of these States, whose servants you are,
I demand to know if you will longer stand in-
differently by, and sec it tumble in ruins before
you ?
In the debate on yesterday it was remarked by
a distinguished gentleman, thatif the concessions
now asked for, by the South, were granted by the
North, it would mar the beauty of our Govern-
ment and injuriously affect its character for use-
fulness and stability. Mr. Speaker, I do not
believe such would be the case. I totally dissent
from any such opinion. But suppose he is right:
still, would he be justified in his purpose to refuse
terms of concession and adjustment? No, sir.
Your house is on fire: will you say to the firemen,
"do not cast water upon my dwelling, you will
injuic the furniture within?" Such conduct,
Mr. Speaker, were arrant madness. Yet, sir, in
all kindness to gentlemen, let me say, if they will
sit by and sec this Government destroyed, lest
perchance, in their effort to save it, some feature
they may admire or think material in its struc-
ture should be injured or destroyed, their con-
duct will have still less of reason in it.
But there arc those here from the South who,
I fear, instead of being disposed to castwaterupon
the fire, are industriously adding fuel to the flames.
With such gentlemen 1 would earnestly remon-
strate. Gentlemen, in the name of God, I ask you
to stop and consider. What arc your constitu-
ents—whose rights and whose interests you are
bound, by every obligation of honor, jealously
and fearlessly to guard—what are they to gain,
what may they not lose, by your hasty destruc-
tion of the Government? The dissolution of this
Union ! Will it remedy a single evil? Will it not
aggravate those now complained of, and to their
number add thousands, which, in the Union, can
never exist?
We complain of the personal liberty laws.
Will our withdrawal from the Union repeal them ?
Will it not add to their number others more in-
jurious and offensive?
We complain that our slaves escape to the free
States, and that the laws of Congress intended for
their recapture arc not faithfully executed. Will
a dissolution of the Union restrain them from
escaping? Will (he abrogation of the laws—con-
sequent upon disunion—intended to return them
to uk, cause these laws to ho faithfully enforced ?
We complain that our slaves escape through the
!i free States to Canada, whence we have no hope of
