1*72
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February
36th Cons....2d Sess.
State of the Union—Mr. Hatton.
Ho. of Reps.
getting them back. Will our condition be im-
proved when the free States shall, by our act, be
convertedinto another Canada, differing only from
the other, in that it will be immediately upon our
borders, and to reach it the slave will have no need
of the underground railway r
We complain that we have not the right of
transit through, and temporary residence in, the
free States with our slaves. One northern State
now gives to us these rights. Others, we have
reason to hope, may follow her example. One
thing is manifest, we are not more likely to get
them out of, than in, the Union, as it is a privilege
granted us by no foreign State.
We complain that the soil of one of our States
has been invaded by armed men, whose fiendish
purpose was to incite insurrection among our
slaves. When Virginia shall constitute a portion
of a southern confederacy, will the danger of a
repetition of this mad and most wicked undertak-
ing be lessened ? By whom were Brown and his
fellow-conspirators captured and placed in the
hands of the law, that they might expiate upon
the gallows the guiit of their most unnatural
crimes? By the forccs of the Federal Govern-
ment. Will these forces prove more efficacious
for our protection when we shall have renounced
all allegiance to the Government and forfeited all
claim to its interposition? Shall the hordes of
northern fanatics, whose impudent interference
with what docs not in the least concern them, we
so justly complain of, and from whom is our only
danger of invasion to be apprehended, shall they
be restrained by the strong arm of the States uni-
ted, or shall they be let loose upon us, as were
the Goths and Vandals upon southern Europe?*
We complain that northern Governors refuse
to promptly deliver up, as they should, fugitives
from justice-—persons who have stolen our slaves,
for example. When the North shall become to
us a foreign nation, we will not have, in such a
case, under any extradition treaty we will be able
to make, even a pretext to demand such fugitive.
We have reference made in the papers of this
morning to a case now pending in Canada, where
a fugitive slave, who slew a man in Missouri who
was attempting to capture him, has been de-
manded. And although the authorities of Canada
were disposed to surrender the murderer, so fa-
natical are the English people in their hatred to
slavery, a writ of habeas coipushtxx been issued
by the British courts to remove him to England,
in order that he may be discharged.
We complain that ec|ual and exact justice is not
done us in the Territories; at least,that there is a
powerful party in the North that have declared
their intention to prevent us carrying our slaves
there.
The adjudication of the Supreme Court in the
Dred Scott case, has put it out of the power of
that party to do this, if they would. But if sm h
a power existed and was exercised, 1 submit to
gentlemen from the South if a remedy for this
flagrant injustice to us is to be found in the abso-
lute surrender of the Territories, for c\cty pur-
pose, to the North? Would this repair the wrong,
or heal our wounded honor?
A leading journalist of Virginia, in an elabo-
rate article—marked and sent to my address—
urging the immediate secession of his State, be-
cause, as he s.*ys, " the North has deliberately,
unjustly, and tyrannically driven us from the Ter-
ntoi ics," concludes one of his paragraphs with
this heroic announcement:
" We go foi th tviih only the soil beneath our (Vet lor oiu
inheritance, a-skmg but tu be let alone by those who have
pioved themselves otn enemies, and detei mined to light if
we a e not let alone."
Is this the spirit of "the Old Dominion?" Cer-
tainly it is not. It is not the spirit of the men
whom I represent. They are not prepared toic-
treat and suirender to the North our vast public
domain, purchased with their blood and treasure.
I do not comprehend, sir, that character of chiv-
alry which, in one breath, recommends the break-
ing up of the Government, bccause of an appre-
* The adoption of the following resolution is recom-
mended by the cornmittec of thirty-three :
u Resolved, That each State be also respectfully requeued
to onnctsuch laws as will prevent and punish any attempt
whatever in such State to recognize or set on toot the law-
less invasion of any other State or Territory."
hended denial to the people of the South of the right
to carry slaves to the Territories; and in the next,
announces its readiness to timidly abandon every
character of right in and to such Territories, be-
cause, as the writer just referred to says, " the
North have decided against slavery at the ballot-
box,"
If our connection with the Government is
broken, Tennesseeans will feel that they have
brought humiliation and not honor upon them-
selves, if their interests in the Territories are thus
to be surrendered to the North.
But, does any advocate of secession say we will
have a part of the Territories, if need be, by force?
What becomes, in that event, of the feast to which
you invite my people, of a "peaceable secession?''
The truth is—and 1 want my people to know it—
the purpose of the leaders of secession, who would
seem to imagine that they had exclusive custody
of southern rights and southern honor, is to shame-
fully surrender all the TerritoricstotheNorth. There
is neither honor or profit in such a course. As
the Representative of a people who have made as
great sacrifices and shed as much blood in the ac-
quirement of these Territories as any in the Union,
1 protest against it.
What do they promise us in lieu of the vast do-
main thus givenup? The privilege, sir, of getting,
if we can, portions of Mexico and Central Amer-
ica. Howitis to be done, has not been explained.
By force, and without provocation? If so—were
it practical—I denounce it as unworthy of a civ-
ilized people. Shall we imitate the example of
the bandit and savage, who fight for plunder, and
not for glory or honor5 I repeat, how is it to be
done? By purchase? We have neithcrmoney or
credit to buy. Sir, it is childish fatuity to dream
of our getting it either by force or with money.
The British Government, whose recognition the
seceding States arc now so earnestly seeking, and
without whose aid they cannot hope to maintain
themselves, will never permit it. That Govern-
ment is, of all others, the most fanatical in its
opposition to African slavery. She exercises
sovereignty over the greater portion of Central
America; and upon Mexico, in which Government
she is known to have procured the abolition of
slavery, her citizens hold a debt of over two hun-
dred million dollars. She will never permit us to
touch one foot of it.
Iw it not, then, your duty to stay your hands,
and see whether the evils complained of may not
be remedied in the Union, and those which will
certainly be consequent upon dismemberment,
avoided?
Appeals are addressed to us in soft and winning
phrase about "our sister States of the South."
Eulogies are pronounced upon the "glorious little
South Carolina;" and we arc asked if wc can hes-
itate to follow " her noble example."
Mr. Speaker, I have nothing unkind to say of
South Carolina. No one of her sons is here to
speak for her, to-day. Within her borders, under
the lead of Marion and Sumter, my ancestry suf-
fered and sacrificed much that she might be free.
Her soil was wet with their blood, and m it, to-
day, repose the bones of those who fell in her
service. Her commercial metropolis was the birth
place and early home of my father. Let no hos-
tility to her people be attributed to me. Though
she has acted most precipitately, wronged the
Government, and injured my people, still my wish
is, whether united or not with Tennessee, that
"length of days may be in her right hand, and
in her left riches and honor; may her ways be
ways of pleasantness, and all her paths be peace."
But whatever may be my feelings personally to
her people, I owe it to the generous men who sent
me here, to warn them against the folly of being
controlled by her mad counsels, or in the least in-
fluenced by her example of weakness and wicked-
ness. She advises rebellion against the best Gov-
ernment, on earth; I say rebellion, for that is the
true and manly word.
The doctrine of peaceable secession I utterly
repudiate. As a remedy, under the Constitution,
I believe it to be wholly without warrant. We
have, however, reserved to us the great inherent
right, that overrides all constitutions, of revolu-
tion. When it is no longer tolerable for Tennes-
seeans to remain in the Union, I trust they will
boldly proclaim themselves in rebellion, and meet
its responsibilities like men. The right and the
duty of rebellion usually go together. Govern-
ment is instituted for the benefit of the governed.
When so perverted that the aggregate good is
more than overbalanced by the injuries it inflicts,
it is the right, and, generally, then it becomes the
duty, of the people to throw off such Government.
This is, however, a question which it is unprofit-
able to discuss. Whether the withdrawal of a
State is called secession or revolution, is now un-
important. The practical question is, "what
profit" shall we have in doing what South Caro-
lina advises?
Let us hear one of her own citizens upon the
subject of secession:
" It is no redress for the past, it is no security for the
future. It is only a magnificent sacrifice of the piesent,
without in anywise gaining in the future. Such is the
intensity of my conviction on the subjcct, that if secession
bhouh) take place—and of which I have no idea, fori can-
not believe in such stupendous madness—I shall consider
the institution of slavery as doomed, and that the great God,
in our blindness, has made us the instrument of its de-
duction."
This is the language of Mr. Boyce, late a Rep-
resentative upon this floor from South Carolina,
in an address, but a few years 3incc, to the people
of his State who were then threatening secession.
He thought it " stupendous madness"—(( only
a magnificent sacrifice of the present, without in
any wise gaining in the future." If it took place,
he said, lie would " consider the institution of
slavery doomed, and that the great God in their
blindness had made them the instruments of its
destruction."
The idea of making a nation out of South Caro-
lina seemed to strike him as absurd. In the same
address, he said:
" South Carolina cannot become a nation. God makes
nations—not man. You cannot extemporize a nation out
of South Carolina. It is simply impossible ; we have not
the resources. We could exist by tolerance; and what that
tolcrance would b<j, when we consider the piescnt hostile
spirit ot the age to the institution of slavery, all may readily
imagine. I trust we may never have to look upon the pain-
ful and humiliating t-pcctacle. From the weakne.-^ of our
national Government a feeling of insecurity would arise,
and capital would take the alarm and leave us. iiutitmay
be said," Let capital go!" To this? I reply, that capital is the
life blood of a mode) n community ; and in lo&ing it, you
lose the vitality of the State."
He could see no profit in secession—nothing but
ruin.
The leaders in this movement in the cotton
States, and others who are aspiring to position
with them, tell us that they " loved the Union as
our fathers made it." What is it now? Just
what our fathers made it. If not, in what has it
been changed ? We have the same Constitution.
There is not a law—not one—upon our Federal
statute-book of which we complain. The adjudi-
cations of the Supreme Court, upon all questions
affecting southern institutions, are precisely as we
would have them. The statesmen of the South
have dictated the entire policy of the Federal
Government upon slavery since the formation of
the Constitution. If there is an exception to this
rule, I would ask to be informed of it. There is
none, sir. What then becomes of this twaddle of
gentlemen about their love of " the Union as it came
from our fathers?"
As I have said before, there are serious grounds
of complaint on our part against the North. No
one of them, however, has its origin in the Con-
stitution, in the Union, or in any law enacted by
Congress. Mostofthem,allthatare serious, may
be remedied in the Union. All of them more
effectually in it than out of it.
But as a reason for our hurrying out of the
Union, we are told by the leaders in South Car-
olina and other cotton States that we aic " op-
pressed, md have been for years;" that" the yoke
of bondage must be thrown off;" " that wc must
be free." We, of the border States, have not been
aware of our sad condition. Men of all parties,
in Tennessee, at least, have innocently been of the
opinion that they were "free." Until this storm
of disunion broke over their heads, they were cer-
tainly happy and prosperous; as contented with
their Government as any people on earth. But,
it seems our contentment was the result of our
ignorance and stupidity.
The chivalry of the cotton States have kindly
stepped forward and informed us that we had not
the sensibility to feel an insult, nor the sense to
