18G1.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
36th Coitg. ... 2d Sess.
State of the Union—Mr. jRation.
Ho. of Reps.
know when we are wronged. They have gen-
erously assumed, gentlemen of the border States,
the guardianship of both our interests and our
honor; and, for the protection of the one, and the
vindication of the other, they counsel that we put
in jeopard y our every material interest, and then—
commit suicide! How, Mr. Speaker, shall we of
the border States ever be able to repay our south-
ern brethren for this unselfish and considerate
advice? Should we, after respectful consideration
of their counsels, inform them that the remedies
proposed are worse than the evils complained of,
and beg to be permitted to choose our own mode
and measure of redress of all grievances, and " to
regulate our own domestic concerns in our own
way," I trust we will be pardoned.
Mr. Speaker, I do not think I have mistaken
the motives of South Carolina. Her purposo has
jiot been the redress of southern grievances, but
the total and final destruction of the Union, and the
establishmentof agovcrnment, the policy of which
she expects to control. Disunion, which has, in
the language of Mr. Rhett, been " a matter which
has been gathering head for thirty years;" dis-
union for the purpose of reopening the African
slave trade, or some other imagined advantage to
herself,having been determined on, her policy was
to secure the speed y cooperation of the other cotton
States, and then coerce the bolder States to follow,
by forcing upon them, in the language of Governor
Gist, the alternative of " emancipating their slaves
or going into the southern confederacy," a con-
federacy in which her favorite theory of free trade
and direct taxation will be put into practical ope-
ration. Sir, Tennesseeans cannot be driven. As my
colleague [Mr. Nelson] said most truthfully a
few days since, " Tennessee will never be coerced
by men North or South." She will do what she
believes best to comport with her dignity and
honor, and most effectually protect the interests
of her citizens. As one of her Representatives
upon this floor, I protest against all attempts to
bully her into terms, come from what quarter they
may.
"Without assuming to have a monopoly of all the
courage and sensibility in the land, her people have
a just appreciation of all that concerns either her
rights or her honor; and should the evil day come,
when a resort to arms shall be necessary to the
vindication of either, " my head upon it," sir, her
sons will prove quite as fearless and as ready for
the conflict as those who, of late, have been so
profuse in the praises of their own courage.
Mr. Speaker, the great question the people of
the border States have to consider, is: will they
take their own interests into their own hands and
dare to defend them from attack from every quar-
ter, or shall they permit themselves to be brow-
beaten into submission to the schemes of the selfish
and ambitious leaders of a disastrous revolution;
"whether they shall take time to ascertain what
guarantees they can secure for their safety and
for the full enjoyment of their rights in the Union,
or whether they will tamely submit to be dragged
—inconsiderately dragged—without the remotest
possibility of advantage to themselves, into a cot-
ton confederacy, in which they are to constitute
the exposed frontier. I say, without the remotest
possibility of advantage, sir, for the reason, that not
even the veriest Utopian projector of a southern
confederacy, has ever yet had the ingenuity to
suggest any possible good that will accrue to us,
in any degree compensating for the almost innu-
merable ills that every informed and reflecting
man knows will inevitably follow upon our sep-
aration from the Union.
Itis my opinion this day—and if,for any con-
sideration, I should fail to express it, I would be
guilty of unfaithfulness to my people—that the
leaders of the disuniomsts of the cotton States, in
their reckless selfishness, their utter disregard of
what may be essential to our interests and safety,
are practically our enemies, as truly as are the
most unprincipled fanatics of the North. Already
ihey have reduced the value of our property more
than all the efforts of abolitionism combined; and
it is now for us to determine whether we will per-
mit them to consummate our ruin.
Mr. Speaker, the suggestion has been made
that, as southern Representatives, it is unwise in
us, in the hearing of men from the North, to speak
of our apprehensions of evil in the event of dis-
union. I confess, sir, to the weakness of having
too long acted upon such considerations. As sen-
tinels, we are false to our duty if we fail to ap-
prise those we represent of dangers which, if
seen, may be avoided. It is folly in us, anyhow,
to delude ourselves with the idea that the Aboli-
tionist of the North does not comprehend fully
what will be the effect of disunion upon the whole
South, especially upon us of the border States.
Hear Lloyd Garrison :
" At last the covenant with death is annulled, and the
agreement with hell broken, by the action of South Caro-
lina herself, and eie long by all the slaveholding States, fir
their doom is one. Hail the approaching jubilee, ye mil-
lions who arc wearing llie galling chains of slaveiy,tbr as-
suredly the day of your redemption diaws nigh, bringing
liberty to you and salvation to tho whole land."
Phillips prays for the utter destruction of the
Union, in order that its restraints may be got rid
of, and that tho protection it affords to slavery
may be withdrawn. He says:
" All hail, disunion ! Sacrifice everything for the Union?
God forbid! Sacrifice everything to keep South Carolina
in it? Rather build a budge of gold, and pay her toll over
it. Let her march off with bannois and trumpets, and we
will speed the parting guest. Let her not stand upon the
order of her going, but go at once. Give her the lorts and
arsenals and sub-treasuiies, and lend lier jewels of silver
and gold, and Egypt will lejoice lhat she has departed."
Again: in tho same liarrangue, he declares:
"We are disunionisls, not from any love of separate con-
federacies, or as ignorant of the thousand evils that spring
fiom neighboring and quarrelsome States; but we would
get rid of this Union, to get rid of slavery."
Sir, the Garrisons and Giddingscs, the Yanceys
and Rhetts, are practically conniving together in
a wicked conspiracy, to result in the ruin of the
most vital interest of my State. Shall 1 applaud
it? No. Should I condemn and denounce it? I
should. I do.
Mr. Speaker, among the many cunning devices
resorted to by " the precipitators" of the day to
accomplish their ends, the employment of the term
submissionist is becoming quite common. " Shall
Tennessee submit to be ruled over by Lincoln?"
Sir, no President lias ever yet ruled overTenncs-
see. Our Presidents are not the rulers, but the
servants of the people.
Elected according to all the required forms of
law, it is but a sickly and disgusting affectation
of sensibility and spirit, for any man to assume
that there will be humiliation or dishonor to any
State, in the rightful performance by Mr. Lincoln
of all the functions of the Presidency.
I submit to the Constitution. I submit to the
high sanctions of a most solemn oath, adminis-
tered to me at that desk, to support it—yes,sir,s p-
port it, not destroy it. Is there one here who would
more lightly estimate the obligations of his oath ?
tc If any,spfak :
For linn have I offended."
Mr. Speaker, I am determined not to be driven
from the faithful performance, of what I conceive
my duty, by the mad cry of crazy enthusiasts;
nor shall 1 be seduced from its discharge, by the
artful appliances of unscrupulous and interested
disturbers of the public tranquillity.
On walking with a friend through the Rotunda
this morning, looking upon the magnificent paint-
ings that adorn its walls, illustrative of scenes in
the early history of our country—its battles, its
sacrifices, and its victories—and thinking of its
present greatness, my heart swelled with patriotic
emotion; and as I gazed into the majestic face
of that god-like man—our Washington—a vow
leaped unbidden from my heart to my lips—may
it stand recorded in Heaven!—that never, so long
as I was permitted to live upon the earth, would
I do one act, or utter one sentiment, intended to
alienate the feelings of one section of my coun-
try from the other, or to weaken the sacred bonds
which bind together its various parts ! If there be
those upon this floor who think that the expres-
sion of such feelings and sentiments is evidence
of disloyalty to the South, I can afford to despise
their opinions. If there be one here who can look
upon such scenes, and in their presence contem-
plate the present disastrous condition of the coun-
try unmoved, without pain, mark him well; "he
is fit for treason."
" Let no such man be trusted."
[Applause.]^
I shall not follow tho example of gentlemen in
making protestations of my devotion to the South
or to my State. If my home, my wife, my child-
ren, my property, my honor—all I most love and
most prize—if these are deemed insufficient guar-
antees of my loyalty to Tennessee, and of my will-
ingness to share whatever of burdens or dangers
may be in store for her people, no empty declama-
tion in which I might indulge here, would be more
satisfactory. *
I will not say that I am wholly free from that
shameful weakness which leads mankind to watch
and follow the popular breeze. No, sir, but if,
at this time, with my convictions of duty, I should
bend before the angry storm that is sweeping over
my State, I would despise myself, and bring dis-
honor upon my children. I will not do it. I may
be overwhelmed. Such is the probable result. Be
it so. The cause is worthy of sacrifice. In no
event, however, though those whose approbation
and good opinion I should regret to lose shall,
upon my return to them, frown upon me; in no
event, 1 repeat, can I be robbed of that richest of
earthly blessings—the consciousness of having
done what my carefully informed judgment tola
me was right.
Mr. Speaker, tho voice of passion is not always
the voice of duty, and the public good is often sac-
rificed to an unreasoning impulse. During the
second term of George Washington as President,
you remember that the French Government de-
clared war against England, and it became her
undisguised purpose to draw us into an alliance
with her in her stupendous schemes of revolution.
The popular mind became excited. Sympathy
for France was enthusiastic, and threatened to
sweep to destruction every opposing sentiment,
and to immolate upon the altar of popular ven-
geance all who dared to pause, ere they yielded
their plaudits to the bloody actors in that tragedy
of mankind.
Washington stood almost alone, yet he stood
firmly His cool penetration detected the true
character of tho sanguinary assassins of France.
Rebuking faction from his presence, spurning
from him its venom and its vengeance, enthroned
in virtue and conscious rectitude, he breasted and
weathered out the storm, emphatically stood in
the breach, and saved his country from the curse
of a wanton war with England, alike securing the
peace and safety, and maintaining the dignity and
good faith, of the nation. When passion had sub-
sided , the whole American people commended his
course.
Mr. Speaker, because General Scott has refused
to give countenance to what his judgment con-
demns, men who were
" Mewling and puking in the nurse's arms,"
when he, amidst showers of bullets, led our forces
to victory at Chippewa and Lundy's Lane—yes,
political fledglings, who were not born for a score
of years afterward, are now perverting his lan-
guage, ascribing to him opinions and purposes
which he has emphatically disclaimed, and de-
nouncing him as " a traitor to the South."
As an American, having a property in the riches
of this old soldier's glory, 1 thank God, that, as
in physical stature, like Saul of old, he towers
above any of the people "from his shoulders and
upward," so in the attributesof virtue and integ-
rity and patriotism, he rises so inconceivably above
his silly and malicious revilers, their poisoned
arrows fall harmlessly at his feet.
But my time is nearly exhausted. I have spoken
freely,candidly—I will not say boldly—my hon-
est convictions. It has been my purpose, if pos-
sible, to th row into this great argument some word
or thought—in the same spirit in which the widow
cast her single mite into the treasury—that per-
chance might result in good to my country.
Convinced that anything like a reconstruction
of the Government, if the further progress of dis-
solution is not checked, is impossible, my object
has been to implore Representatives from all sec-
tions on this floor to moderation and liberality,
forbearance and justice.
To my ardent and excited friends of the South
let me say, in conclusion, as the liberties and free
institutions which we have so highly prized, were
acquired by one Revolution, they may be lost by
another.
To the men of the North let me say, if you in-
tend conciliation and compromise with your breth-
