758
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 5,
law would be executed in North Carolina by dis-
continuing the mail service. What I said was
this, and the position which I took—and the one
to which the gentleman from New York must
address himself, if he desires to reply to me—was,
that when this law has been executed in the State
of Mississippi, for instance, a citizen of North
Carolina, who has property in Mississippi, or who
has family connections in Mississippi, or who,
from any other cause, has occasion to have com-
munication by letter with the State of Mississippi,
cannot have his letter transmitted to its destina-
tion, because, when it comes to the border of Mis-
sissippi, this Government refuses to carry it any
further itself,and will make no arrangement with
Mississippi for carrying on such letter, as the
merchant of New York has arrangements made
for him, to carry his letters into the interior of
Canada.
Mr. SICKLES. I am obliged to the gentle-
man from North Carolina for calling my atten-
tion to the distinction which he has made. It es-
caped my notice, though I gave his remarks that
attention which I always pay to whatever falls
from his lips. The argument, then, of the gen-
tleman from North Carolina is one of mere per-
sonal inconvenience; but that does not operate
upon North Carolina in any degree approaching
the inconvenience which would operate upon my
own constituents. We send thousands of letters
to Louisiana, Georgia, and Mississippi, where
North Carolina sends one. 1 deprecate that in-
convenience; I regret it, and could wish it were
otherwise; but it is unavoidable. By and by,
should there be no reconciliation,should the peo-
ple of the different sections agree to separate, hav-
ing found it impossible to get along together—un-
doubtedly, when that state of things arises, postal
arrangements will be entered into, like the postal
conventions with foreign nations, like the postal
convention which exists in the Zollverein,or like
the postal arrangement which exists between this
country and Canada, and to which the gentleman
refers. At the proper time, when the real char-
acter of our relations with these States becomes an
established fact, it would be folly to refuse toenter
into convenient stipulations of the ordinary char-
acter which enters into the conventions between
independent and distinct people.
But that is not the question now. This Con-
giess is in no position to recognize anything but
the normal condition of these States; the Presi-
dent is in no condition to recognize any new rela-
tions. It must be derived from some new grant
of authority, and in the mean time what will you
do ? Will you make a failure of your Govern-
ment ? Will you preserve and enforce the respect
duo to its flag, and give the protection which
rightfully belongs to its property, or not? That
is the simple question. Certainly, sir, I am sure
that the chivalrous men who are leading this move-
ment in the southern States will scorn to receive
the benefits of our postal laws while they repudi-
ate our revenue laws and insult our flag. They
must mean one thing or another. They cannot
intend to remain, like Mohammed's coffin, between
Heaven and earth, neither m or out of the Union,
getting all t|ie benefits that they can secure, and
subjecting us to all its burdens. What do they
say ? They say they are willing to accept the
postal service, we paying for it; but they will not
allow us to collect the revenue, which would go
towards defraying the expenses.
Mr. BRANCH. I would ask the gentleman
from New York to specify in what State they
have refused to allow the collection of the revenue
from postages ?
Mr. SICKLES. Oh, sir; from postages ? I do
not know.
Mr. COLFAX. With the gentleman's per-
mission, I will state tlmt some of the postmasters
in Alabama, when drafts have been drawn upon
them by the Sixth Auditor of the Treasury for the
T'ost Office Department,have answered that they
would wait until they could ascertain the action
of their State before paying the drafts.
Mr. BRANCH. Those are cases of individual
postmasters; but I would ask the gentleman from
Indiana, if he has any information that, in any
instance, in the States that have attempted to se-
cede, the public authorities have interfered with
the collection of the revenue from postages? I
would ask him this additional question, while 1
am up: whether the Postmaster General has not,
under existing laws, full power to discontinue the
service in all such cases as he has alluded to, by
abolishing the offices, or even discontinuing the
mail service entirely?
Mr. COLFAX. I will answer the gentleman,
that there is evidence in the Post Office Depart-
ment that the mails are tampered with in the
States that claim to have seceded; and there is no
authority by which you can protect the letters
against being tampered with. A man may take
letters that do not belong to him from the mail, in
the public streets,and open them, and there is no
tribunal before which he can be brought for that
offense. I will add that it is well known that the
correspondence between this Government and
Major Anderson, at Port Sumter, was stopped by
the authority of the-Governor of South Carolina,
until the Governor saw fit to allow it to continue;
and it is now continued only by his toleration.
Mr. SICKLES. I suppose, sir, that gentlemen
holding public stations, as postmasters, in those
States, pay over what they receive to theSub-Treas-
uries in their vicinity; an5 then, sir, as we have seen
in Louisiana, the State authorities, after it has been
collected in one mass, appropriate it to the local
government. In that way,all the revenues from
the postal service, and all the deposits belonging
to the United States in those sub-Treasuries, are
secured to the insurgent States. Now frequently,
sir, in the sub-Treasuriesand mints in those States,
there are large amounts of money and bullion be-
longing to private individuals, which are placed
there upon deposit, or for coinage,or to be assayed,
or to be stamped for exportation. We have no
means of protecting private or public property in
any of those States; and for the same reason that
I would have suspended the mint at New Orleans
a month ago, if a proposition had been brought
forward for that purpose—because I could not
anticipate the security of the public and private
property there—for that very identical reason I
will now, in view of these acts of spoliation, with-
draw the mails from a jurisdiction where they are
not safe.
Mr. Speaker, we must not close our eyes to the
new phases which events have successively put
upon the secession movement. It originated, sir,
as a peaceful remedy for grievances. As such, it
had thousands and tens of thousands of friends at
the North who were disposed to meet it on mid-
way ground, and say, " if you cannot abide with
us, bitter as the lesson may be, we will yield to
your appeals for a separation." That was the
December phase of the secession movement. In
January it assumed a new attitude. No longer
peaceable; no longer disposed to await the consent
or even the deliberations of the Government; forci-
ble possession was taken of our forts and arsenals
and arms, and we were menaced, in advance, with
all the terrors of civil war; our flag was insulted
and the authority of the Government contemned.
When this new phase of the secession movement
was presented, those partisans of the southern
cause who, up to December, defended it manfully,
became only the apologists of the erring acts of
their friends. In February, it assumes yet a new
phase. I can only characterize it as the Mexican
method of revolution. When Robles and Mira-
mon and Santa Anna are engaged in revolutionary
movements, and a Government conducta of specie
comes within their reach, it is seized upon; and
they say, "we will count every dollar of the coin,
and when we settle our quarrel with you, why
then the money will all bo safe, and we will pay
it over."
Mr. W1NSL0W. I would ask the gentleman
if he has any information that any money what-
ever belonging to the Government of the United
States has been seized by the governments of the
seceding States?
Mr. SICKLES. Yes, sir; I have it from the
Treasury Department.
Mr. WINSLOW. 1 speak now with reference
to the sub-treasuries.
Mr. SICKLES. I speak of the bullion be-
longing to the United States—about nine tons of
silver—seized the other day in New Orleans.
Mr. WINSLOW. Does the gentleman rely
upon newspaper reports ?
Mr. SICKLES, No; upon officialinformation.
Mr. WINSLOW. The same as that published
in the newspapers?
Mr. SICKLES. Substantially the same; but
worse, I aro sorry to say. There has been an-
other mint seized in Georgia, which is to be held
for our benefit at some future day in the general
settlement. Now, that may be very proper, but
I am not disposed to put the mails in the same
process of liquidation; because the receivable
drafts and warrants on the sub-treasuries, and
war^nts on the postmasters in the seceding
States, and all the machinery of the Government
which relates to the public funds, would not be
in a good condition of administration under such
circumstances.
But, sir, to resume at the point where I yielded
to my esteemed friend from North Carolina, and
to bring these remarks to a close, I want to call
the attention of gentlemen again to these new
phases which this movement, in the progress of
events, yielding: entirely to the passions of the
hour and repudiating reason, has assumed. In
November it was peaceable secession. We cotild
agree to that. I am for it. Ill January, it was
forcible secession; and then, sir, your friends in
the North were transformed into timid apologists.
In February, it is spoliation and war. And I
say, in the presence of this new and last phase
of the secession movement, that it can have no
friends in the North; it can have no apologists in
the North; and there will soon be no exception
to the general denunciation which it must en-
counter from the loyal and patriotic citizens of this
country.
STATE OP THE ONION.
The SPEAKER stated that the morning hour
had expired, and that the House would now pro-
ceed to the consideration of the special order, being
the report of the special committee of thirty-three
on the disturbed condition ofthe country, on which
the gentleman from Maryland [Mr. Hughes] was
entitled to the floor.
Mr. HUGHES addressed the House for an
hour. [His speech will be published in the
Mr. LOGAN obtained the floor.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
A message in writing was received from the
President of the United States, by Mr. Gloss-
brenner, his Private Secretary.
LOAN BILL.
Mr. HOLMAN. As it wants but a few min-
utes of the hour when the House will take a re-
cess, and as it might not be pleasant for the gen-
tleman from Illinois to be interrupted in his sppech
at that time, I move that the House do now take
a recess till seven o'clock.
Several Members. That motion is not in order.
Mr. SHERMAN. The gentleman's object can
be accomplished by allowing me to call up the
loan bill with the Senate amendments, so that it
can be disposed of in the morning. I will notask
for a vote on it to-night.
There being no objection, House bill No. 792,
authorizing a loan, was taken up, and the Senate
amendments read.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Committee of Ways
and Means recommend non-concurrence with the
Senate amendments. If they are non-concurred
in, then they can go to a committee of conference.
I would ask the vote to be taken upon them now,
but that I am informed that the gentleman from
Missouri [Mr. Phelps] desires to make some
remarks upon them.
The SPEAKER. Then the understanding is,
that this bill shall be taken up in the morning.
THE M'CORMICK PATENT.
Mr. LOGAN. I ask to have put upon its pas-
sage a bill to which I am satisfied there will be no
objection.
Mr. STANTON. If the gentleman from Illi-
nois will permit me, I have a matter here in which
he has as much interest as I. It is a joint reso-
lution extending the time for taking testimony oil
the application of Cyrus H. McCormick for an
extension of his patent. I wish to have it put
upon its passage.
The joint resolution was read a first and second
time. It allows the further time of ninety days
to parties interested in resisting the extension of
the patent of Cyrus H. McCormick, for his pa-
tent reaper, or his improvements or modifications
of the same, to enable them to take testimony in
opposition to said extension, to be used bcfoic
the Commissioner of Patents, on the hearing of
