1861?
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
750
the application of said McCormick for the exten-
sion of said patent.
The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed. and read a third time; and being en-
grossed, it was accordingly read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. STANTON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
SALINE LANDS IN ILLINOIS.
Mr. LOGAN. There is a bill on the Calendar
which I wish to ask the House to have put upon
its passage. I will make a brief statement in re-
gard to it. Tiie ordinance admitting Illinois into
the Union provided that the saline lands in the
State should be reserved to the State for the pur-
pose of being leased. In 1847, Congress passed
a law authorizing the Legislature of the State of
Illinois to pass a law to sell these lands to pur-
chasers. The Legislature passed such a law,
appointing a commission to dispose of the lands.
The lands were sold in pursuance of this author-
ity, and the purchasers received their deeds from
the commissioners. But, on examination of the
records in the land department, I find that there
is no record there of the reserved lands. The
Commissioner of the General Land Office sug-
gested to me that the best plan was to get a bill
passed recognizing the title of these purchasers.
The description of the land is set out in the bill,
with the names of the purchasers; and the bill
only recognizes their purchases as valid for the
purpose of making their claim of title complete.
The bill is recommended by the Commissioner of
the Greneral Land Office.
Mr. BINGHAM. I hope that bill will be let
lie over till I have an oppoitunity of examining it.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I do not
think there can be any objection to it.
Mr. BINGHAM. I have no desire to delay
its passage; but 1 want to examine it.
Mr. VVA8HBURNE, of Illinois. Thenlpro-
Eose that the bill be considered as being before the
[ousc, and let it lie over. I have no doubt that
it is entirely right,
Mr. LOGAN. I have no objection tothatcourse
being pursued. It will be found that my state-
ment is entirely correct; and I have a letter in my
possession from the Commissioner of the General
Land Office, which I am willing to have read.
COAST SURVEY REPORT.
Mr. GURLEY. I offer the following resolu-
tion:
Resolved. That there be punted five thousand extra copies
of the rcpou of the Superintendent of the Coast Survej for
the year 1860; three thousand of which shall be for distri-
bution by the Superintendent, and two thousand copies for
the use of the members of the House.
Mr. BURNETT. I object to that proposition,
as there is no quorum present.
The SPEAKER. The hour of four o'clock
having arrived, the House will take a recess until
seven o'clock, p. m.
EVETVHVG SESSION.
The House resumed its session at seven o'clock,
p. m., (Mr. Howard, of Michigan, in the chair
as Speaker pro tempore,) and continued the dis-
cussion of the report of the select committee of
thirty-three.
Mr. LOGAN addressed the House for em hour.
[His speech wiil be published in the Appendix.
Mr. TAPPAN. Mr. Speaker, as one of tl^e
members of the committee of thirty-three, I joined
with the gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Wash-
burn] in submitting a minority report, smd in
recommending the following resolution^or the
consideration of the House:
"Resolved, That the piovisioiw of the Constitution are
ample for the pieseivationof the Union, and the protection
of all the material inteie&t* of the countiy;that it needs to
be obeyed rather than amended; and that extrication from
pre-cnt difficulties should be looked for m efiotu to pie^erve
and protect the public pioperty, and in the enloieement
of the laws, lather than m new guarantees for particular
interests, or compromises and concessions to unreasonable
demands.''5
And I desire now, very briefly, to submit my
reasons why I could not concur in the report of
the majority, and m support of my belief that the
passage of this resolution is all the action the
House ought to take in regard to the present crisis
in our national affairs.
Sir, I was one of the very few members of this
body who voted against the raising of this com-
mittee at the outset. I did so, not. because I did
not fully understand and appreciate the perilous
condition of the country; not because, at the proper
time, I would be unwilling to make any reasona-
ble concessions, not involving the sacrifice of prin-
ciple,to anyportion of my countrymen who might
present grievances to be redressed; but because,
m the first place, I believed that the appointment
of such a committee would be the initiative step
towards some sort of a "compromise," when
any compromise, under the peculiar circumstances
that surrounded us, would be degrading and hu-
miliating to the North; and, secondly, such was
the ii madness that ruled the hour" irf the south-
ern portion of the country, I did not believe that
any measures we should be able to pass would be
productive of any good; and the attempt to make
compromises that might fail, would only add fuel
to the flame. And, as events have rolled on, every
hour has*only confirmed me in the correctness of
my convictions then. I believedthen, as I believe
now, that the furor at the South had taken the form
of an epidemic; and, like a raging fever in the hu-
man system, it must have it% run. In such cases,
if the constitution of the patient is strong enough
to grapple with the disease, he will live; and if
not, in spite of all the nostrums that may be ad-
ministered by quacks around the bedside, he will
die. And so with this epidemic in the national
system. If the Constitution of the country has not
strength enough to carry the nation through this
crisis, no prescriptions that this Congress can
apply will be likely to effect a cure.
But, sir, I have faith in the patriotism of the
great mass of the people. I have faith in the Con-
stitution. It is apparently weak now; and the
demon of a treacherous disease seems to be run-
ning riot throughout its whole frame-work. But
it is strong nevertheless; and in the end will put
forth its power, and the country will rise from its
prostration healthier and more vigorous than ever
before.
Mr. Speaker, if I am mistaken in the result that
is now to follow from the present condition of
public affairs, I am sure that [ cannot be mistaken
that such would have been the result if a square,
bold, and manly issue had been made up at the
outset for the Union and the pieservation of the
Government. That portion of the American peo-
ple who had justsucccpded in electing their Pres-
ident, in the mode and forms recognized by the
Constitution,had done nothing that required apol-
ogy, nothing that they ought to take back. I,
for one, did not go into that election to have the
principles for which I contended given up and
abandoned at the first howl of those who were
disappointed at the result. The Republicans nom-
inated a moderate, conservative, and honest man,
and placed him upon a moderate, conservative,
and patriotic platform of principles—principles
that embraced every portion of the Union, and
protected every material interest of this great Con-
federacy, and which in no wise conflicted with
the fundamental law of the land.
It will scarcely be contended, even by the
opponents of the Republican party, that there
was no necessity for a change of administration.
Every avenue of the Government reeked with
fraud; peculation and corruption prevailed in every
department, until it culminated at last in one of
the most stupendous official robberies that ever
astonished the American people: all going to
show that the change did not come a moment too
soon.
Other parties went into the election as well as
the Republicans, with their respective declarations
of principles; and it was the duty of every good
citizen, of whatever party, to abide peacefully
by the result. If the Republicans had been beaten,
they would cheerfully have done so; for they are
Union-loving, law-abiding citizens. But no sooner j
was the election of Mr. Lincoln definitely ascer-
tained, than the fires of revolution broke out at
Charleston, and in other portions of the cotton
States. Without j ust cause, without allowing time
even for parley, without waiting to see if a friendly
understanding could not be brought about, with
indecent haste, the disnnlonish of the country,
who, by their own confessions, have been plot-
ting its overthrow for the last thirty years, have
seized the public property, taken possession of the
depositories of the public funds, insulted the Amer-
ican flag, and, with jeers at the Government which
has protected them so long, have declared them-
selves out of the Union,
Now, sir,underthesecircumstances, I believed,
and I still believe, that the first question to be as-
certained is, whether wc have a Government or
not? And I am for postponing all other questions
and all other " compromises" until this great and
vital fact is ascertained. And I put it to the can-
dor of gentlemen on the other side—I ask the gen-
tleman from Illinois [Mr. Logan] who has just
taken his seat—whether, in case they had suc-
ceeded in electing their candidate upon the plat-
form of slavery " protection" in the Territories,
and Massachusetts and New Hampshire* dissat-
isfied with the result, had committed the same
acts which South Carolina and Georgia have com-
mitted—they would have made haste to get on to
their knees with an apology; or if they would not
rather, in the first place, have taken measures to
ascertain whether the Government of the coun-
try had anv binding force? If a decent self-re-
spect would have prevented them from doing this,
I may be pardoned for declining to do the same
thing.
Mr. Speaker, if this Government is a mere cob-
web, with no power for its own preservation, it
is utterly useless to try to tinker and patch it up
by " compromises." If the Union is so utterly
weak and helpless that the first breath of treason
is sufficient to destroy its vitality, it will be good
for nothing after itis " saved," and the time spent
in trying to save it will be worse than thrown
away. So believing, Mr. Speaker, I was for nar-
rowing the issue as soon as possible to the ques-
tion of Union or no Union, Government or no
Government, and ascertaining who was for the
Government and who againstit. And I solemnly
believe, if the entire mass of the Republican party,
in Congress and out, had, from the start, boldly
maintained this position, instead of flittering
away the time in feeble attempts at " compro-
mising" what cannot be compromised—in half
apologizing for having had the temerity to elect
their President—we should have stood stronger
to-day; the crisis would before now have been
passed, aud the revolution stayed. We would,
by that course, have presented an issue around
which the moderate, patriotic men m the border
slave States—who know that the charges against
the Republicans of designing to interfere with any
of their constitutional rights are false—could have
rallied, and, standing with us on the common
platform of the Constitution and the Union, the
flood of secession which now threatens to over-
whelm them would have been rolled back. The
eloquent and patriotic speeches of the gentleman
from Texas, [Mr. Hamilton,] and of the gen-
tleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Stokes,] but a day
or two since, and other speeches of like tone,
from gentlemen of the border States, unmistak-
ingly indicate that such would have been the case
if the right stand had been taken at first. I hope
it is not too late now. Firmness on the parr of
the Executive, and firmness and courage on the
part of the people of the free States, are, in my
judgment, the best antidote for the insanity that
prevails at the South, and the best remedy to
avert the horrors of a civil war. Every time the
people of the free States have wavered; every
time her Representatives have evinced a disposi-
tion to fall back one step from their position, tin
secessionists, with fien..ei yells, have advanced
two. And so it will be to the end. If we com-
promise to-day, we will be required to yield more
to-morrow; and when the North is sufficiently
humiliated, there will be no difficulty, 1 appre-
hend, m " reconstructing" the Government so as
to place it in the hands of the slave power forever.
Sir, I am for making a stand somowheie: and 1
prefer to make it before I start tu run at all.
Mi. Speaker, as much as I detest the tiuason*
of South Carolina, there is an audacity in her
mode of doing things that almost compels my
respect. She does not attempt to disguise her
long and deep-seated hatred to the Union, and she
makes no scruples at turning her guns upon the
glorious flag of her country. She flings defiance
at us in every form. 1 would to God that some-
body, somewhere, who had authority to speak
for the Government, would exhibit half the zeal
for the Union that South Carolina does against it!
Cut it is said that some sort of a compromise
is necessary in order to keep the border slave
