18G1.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
175
SGtii Cong....2d Sess.
State of the Union—Mr. Hamilton.
Ho. of Reps.
is, therefore, scarcely logical to say there is a lim-
itation upon its powers. The limitation only com-
mences whore the power ends. Every govern-
ment, which is not a despotism—certainly every
constitutional government—is limited in power.
The United States Government is, therefore, a full
and complete Government in its sphere; not pos-
sessing the control of all the rights and interests
of its citizens, but leaving to the States everything
not embraced in its own grants of power, it de-
mands unfettered action as to these.
The fact that it is a Government created by the
voluntary act of the people of different sovereign-
ties, can furnish no argument in favor of their
power to destroy—no more than if they had been
citizens of one entire State. Why should it be
so? Were they not as free to contract a united
Government, being free citizens of free separate
sovereignties, as if they had all been the inhabit-
ants of one? Was not the contract solemnized
in the most imposing forms, and the assent of the
people of the several States sctupulously ascer-
tained? And what advantage can be gained by
claiming that it is a compact between sovereign
States? What composed these sovereignties? In
whom, or in what, did this sovereignty reside in
the different States? If in the people—as I have
always supposed—then the people, by their act
of acceptance, committed themselves to the con-
tract; if in the Legislatures, still the people of
every Government are legally bound by the act
of the sovereign power.
In this contract of government there is no lim-
itation by which it was to cease to exist. I will
not seek to sustain this position by aigument; I
content myself with this position: the organic law
or public act creating; government, is by universal
construction, regarded as oonferiing perpetuity,
unless otherwise provided.
The right of secession, if it exist at all, is a re-
served right. What are the reserved rights? They
were only such powers and rights as preexisted
before the formation of the compact. Will it be
denied anywhere; will it be denied by any gen-
tleman upon this floor, that there was no power
reserved by the people or the States which did
not exist before the formation of the compact?
To assume such a position would savor too much
of folly for even the wild theorists of this wild
period. Can, then, any State reserve this right
of secession ? No such right existed anterior to
the formation of the Constitution, because there
was no Government from which a State could
secede, unless it was the Government of the Con-
federation. Then, can it be said that it was one
of the reserved rights of a Staie to secede from the
Union preexistent to the formation of the Govern-
ment itself? Surely not.
There is one other idea connected with this
matter. I assert what 1 believe to be true, and
what I believe every constitutional lawyer in this
House wiil bear me outin saying, that there was
not a right created by the adoption of the Con-
stitution in favor of the States, or the citizens of
any State, that is not affirmatively contained in
the instrument,either m express or general terms.
I trust I will not be misunderstood. I repeat, that
there is not a solitary right growing out of the
contract belonging to any State, or the people of
any State, that is not affirmatively provided for
in the Constitution, cither in express or general
terms.
If that be true, as well as the other proposition
I have submitted, it simply results that no con-
stitutional or legal right of secession exists at all.
But I will say that the right of revolution exists.
Under what circumstances, then, may it be ex-
ercised ? it is, perhaps, true that no people ever
agreed, at the first blush, as to legitimate cause
of revolution. It is always aquestion of policy;
it is always a question of morality; it is a ques-
tion of interest; it is a question of duty; it is a
question of patriotism. I will say, however, in
this connection, that the right of revolution only
exists primarily, and can only be exercised prop-
erly when it is exercised to oppose oppression.
It is the highest of all rights; for it is the last and
final appeal for justice on earth—an appeal to the
God of battles. Cut it must never be foigotten
that it has responsibilities commensurate with the
xight, responsibilities which may, and often do,
entail ruin upon those who imprudently or wrong-
fully assert the right. As a general proposition,
it will not be disputed that resistance to a Gov-
ernment which has conferred happiness and pros-
perity upon its citizens, cannot be justified until
it has ceased to be a blessing, and becomes an
oppression. The right of revolution, or rather
lesistance to Government, may be, but rarely is,-
a legal right; most frequently it is a moral or
natural right. To constitute such right, the fact of
oppression must exist. Those wiio engage in
revolution should always remember that they are
responsible, not only to God, but to the enlight-*
ened public opinion, of the world, and especially
to all whose interests are to be directly affected by
it. They take upon themselves to establish a
better Government than that which they seek to
destroy—one which will better secure the rights
and more surely confer happiness upon the peo-
ple. Let those who are this day engaged 111 the
awful tragedy of tearing up this great Govern-
ment, ponder well theirchances of meeting these
responsibilities; and, failing that, let them ponder
still more profoundly the answers they will make
to a suffering people.
The distinction which is sought to be made by
softening the name from revolution to secession,
will not control or change events. If the lattei
will involve all the consequences of the former,
why quarrel about the terms?
I would willingly discuss this subjectat greater
length, but I mustcontentmyself with one or two
additional remarks, and pass to other matters.
Whether it be revolution or secession, the States
which have withdrawn from the Union, and those
who are preparing to take the same course, must
make up their minds to meet the consequences.
These are questions apart fiom the constitutional
right of secession, or the cause or causes of rev-
olution. [ believe it is a rule in civil society, a
principle universal in the laws of well-regulated
Governments, that men must so use their prop-
city and enjoy their rights as that the rights and
interests of others will not be disturbed—and that
the same principle is enforced as an axiom among
nations—so that while one State may have a clear
and indisputable right, under its own organic law,
to pui sue a particular course of policy, yet it must
always take care to exercise that right in such
manner that the interests and rights of other sur-
rounding Governments are not infracted by its
action. Otherwise every Government would pur-
sue alone that course of policy which, in its judg-
ment, would promote its own interest, without
ever once considering the interests of the rest of the
world. And who, sir, does not know to-day that
there is not a Government now in existence upon
the face of the habitable globe that dares exercise
its own instincts of policy or interest without def-
erence to the interests and tights of all the Gov-
ernments with which it lias intercourse, or whose
interests and rights might be affected by its action?
I say that, to-day, theie is not a potentate or
Power in Europe that dares take an important po-
litical step without first consulting the enlight-
ened judgment of the world; not one, sir. Russia
cannotdoit. Napoleon III darcsnotdo it. Francis
Joseph will not do it. England knows better.
None of them will do it. The public sentiment
of the world is invoked in aid and support of any
position that they may choose to take which is
calculated to affect the interests of the rest of the
world.
And how is it with a seceding State here ? They
consult no interests elsewhere. They talk of their
own rights; they talk of theirown interests; they
talk of the position they have a nght to assume
among the nations of the earth, without even
once consulting the interests of the States that
surround them, much less the interests of the rest
of the world outside of the United States. Let
mo illustrate that position for a moment. Much
has been said about the position of Texas, and
much speculation exists to-day as to what her
course will be. Without at this moment intend-
ing to give my opinion as to what she will do, I
will refer to her in illustration of the point. She
is yet, so far as I am advised, within the pale of
the Union; but Louisiana, an adjoining State,
has, by public act, withdrawn from this Confed-
eracy. That, of itself, has cut off direct commu-
nication between the State of Texas and the rest
of the United States. Suppose the State of Ark-
ansas should secede to-morrow; then  in fact,
and practically, Texas would be severed from the
Union without any act of her own. She would
be severed without even so much as consulting
her people or her interests. Was that a part of
the compact by the terms of which she entered
into this Union, and made herself an integral part
of this Government? If it had been said to her,
at the time of her annexation, that she should come
m with her rights always subject to the acts of
Louisiana and Arkansas, do you think she would
have consented to enter this Union ? Would not
that have been a startling proposition to the whole
country ? No man in the country at the time had
any idea of such a thing. Such a development
remained for later days.
Mr. KUNKEL. I hope that the gentleman
will yield to me for a moment.
Mr. HAMILTON. I will, if it be the under-
standing that it shall not be deducted from my hour.
Mr. KUNKEL. T have no doubt that such
will be the understanding of the House. I want
to see whether I understand the gentleman from
Texas or not; and I therefore would like to know
whether he argues in justification of the European
principle of equilibrium or balance of power—
that is to say, whether he holds that no sovereign
Power of Europe has the right to alter or change
its organic form of government without consult-
ing its neighbors ?
Mr.HAMILTON. Thegentlemanfrom Mary-
land mistakes me. He has not met the question
I am discussing at all; and, indeed, he does not
seem to understand it. I was not arguing whether
a Government had or had not the right to change
its organic law. What I said was, that no portion
of the Government had a right to take such action
as would sever other poitions of the Government
without consulting their interests, and allowing
them some part in ihe publicactof that separation.
Mr. KUNKEL. Will the gentleman permit
me 
Mr. HAMILTON. I cannot yield any fur-
ther. I must hasten on. I have said, Mr. Speaker,
that without any act of the people of Texas, or
without any desire on their part to detach them-
selves from this Union, if Arkansas would pur-
sue the policy of secession followed by Louisiana,
we would be separated tentorially from the Jest
of the Union. Legally and constitutionally, of
course, we would still be in the Government; but
practically, would we not be dissevered from it ?
1 ask any fair-minded man; I ask any man who
has given his attention to this vexed question of
the precise rights of the States under the Federal
Government, whether he believes that would not
be such an infraction of the rights of the State of
Texas on the part of these other States as would
justify her people, if they thought proper, in re-
sisting such action ?
I toll gentlemen, Mr. Speaker, who predicate
their theories upon the right of secession,that after
this Union is rent asunder they cannot refer back
to what is written in the Constitution. The peo-
ple will not stop to investigate how far they pur-
sued a right which they had under the Constitu-
tion of the United States, or how far they have
transcended such rights. After gentlemen have
taken the step, sir, and really destroyed this Gov-
ernment, the question will be, how far their an-
tagonism to our interests will justify us in remain-
ing quiet and peaceful under the positions they
have assumed. Questions of interest, the same
questions that move all Governments, will move
the small Governments that will be made up out
of this great Government after it shall have been
destroyed. It will be then as idle as the wind for
gentlemen to talk about what right they had to
place themselves in this, that, or the other posi-
tions. The same principles which move all man-
kind to form society, and society to organize
governments, will control the action of all, with-
out reference to any constitutional right under
any preexisting Government. This comes of the
right of secession, which i deny.
A few words more, Mr. Speaker, as to the right
of revolution. I propose, briefly, to give my opin-
ion as to whether existing causcs have justified
the States which have seceded, or those which are
hereafter to secede from the Union.
Mr. H1NDMAN. With the permission of the
gentleman from Texas, and in order to understand
