1T6
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 1,
36th Cong....2d Sess.
State of the Union—Mr. Hamilton.
Ho. of Reps.
his position on this question of the right of revo-
lution, I will propound to him one interrogatory.
He says that there is in no State the right of se-
cession , but affirms that there is in every State the
right of revolution. Does the gentleman mean to
say that the right of revolution is the right of the
people of each State, to be exercised by them act-
ing in their separate capacity whenever they deem
it necessary, or that it is dependent upon the will
of the people en masse ?
Mr. "HAMILTON. I mean that the right of
revolution exists on the part of every people be-
lieving themselves so oppressed that they can no
longer exist under their form of government. Of
course, the right of revolution belongs to one, or
two, or three, or any number of States.
Mr. HINDMAN. I supposed that to be the
gentleman's meaning, and I desired to know it.
Mr. HAMILTON. Itisa right which exists uni-
versally; but all persons who exercise it, as a mat-
ter of course, take the risk of the consequences
of their acts. "When a revolution is instituted it
is resistance to an established Government. Our
forefathers, when they commenced the Revolu-
tion which achieved our independence, were, as a
matter of course, resisting an established Gov-
ernment; and they did it knowingly, willing to
assume the risk ot the consequences growing out
of it. It was said at the time the Declaration of
Independence was signed, that they signed it with
the halters around their necks. They knew that
if they did not make a successful resistance, the
law would characterize their act as treason, and
would visit them with the penalty prescribed for
such an infraction of the law. But that made the
act none the less right, nor did it impair the bless-
ings resulting from it.
Mr. RUST. Will the gentleman allow me to
propound a question to him? He denies the right
of secession. Then a quorum of this House ne-
cessary to pass anylawisa majority of the whole,
computing the members to which the seceded
States are entitled. If, in addition to the States
which have already withdrawn their Representa-
tives, a sufficient number should follow them to
constitute with them a majority, what would be
the condition of this Congress? It could pass no
law without a quorum. The States which have
seceded from the Union persist in their refusal to
fill the vacancies. Will the gentleman bring back
the absent Representatives with halters about their
neeJcs? Will he cocrce their States to order elec-
tions to fill these vacancies ?
Mr. HAMILTON. I am not charged with the
execution of the laws of the House. 1 will say
this, however: I suppose there never was n law-
giver who did not know the law he was ordaining*
or making, and there has no Congress ever assem-
bled here that had not the capacity to understand
that the most solemn law they could enact and
placc upon the statute-book might be successfully
resisted under certain circumstances. And I say
to the gentleman that the rules of this House,
which give the Speaker power to bring back ab-
sent members into this tlouse, may be success-
fully resisted and be put aside. Members may
go away where the officers of the House cannot
reach them to bring them back. Of course, then,
there could be no redress.
Mr. RUST. The gentleman does not answer
my question. I am aware that under our rules,
under the parliamentary law, you can compel the
nttendanreof absentmembers who have presented
their credentials and been sworn in. But the gen-
tleman does not meet my question. The States
whose Representatives constitute a majority refuse
to order elections or to provide for representation
on this floor. The gentleman is a lawyer, and an
able one. Will he inform me how, under the cir-
cumstances suggested, the States and Representa-
tives adhering to the present Constitution can,
under that Constitution, carry on a Government?
Mr. HAMILTON. 1 will say this: that I sup-
pose that the framers of the Constitution did not
imagine that the people of this country would ever
be guilty of placing the Government in its present
position, and consequently did not provide for
such a State of things in the Constitution, for the
same reason that the old Romans did not provide
for the punishment of parricide, because they
would not admit the possibility that a Roman
citizen would be guilty of such a crime.
What are the grievances? I wish to address
myself candidly to both sides of the House. I
say that the South has had grievances from the
Republican party. I believe it. Yet, I will say
in that connection, that I do not believe that the
grievances are so great, and of such a character,
as to lead me to believe that they consult their
best interests in dissolving this Union, It is not
for me to sit in judgment upon South Carolina,
Florida, Alabama, Mississippi, and Georgia; but
I will give my opinion as to what would have
been, in my judgment, their better course, if they
had thought proper to pursue it. I intend to be
guilty of no disrespect to the opinions of any gen-
tleman here. I know i differ from many south-
ern gentlemen; but I say that, while we have
suffered grievances, they have never been suffi-
cient to justify such action as breaks up the con-
fidence of the people in the stability of the Gov-
ernment. I believe our wrongs could be settled
within the Union; and I have believed that the
time would come when the people of t4ie North
would see that the course of action pursued by
them was injurious not only to the South, but to :
themselves, and would necessarily end in strife
and conflict of every interest, if not of arms.
I have not time to mention all the grievances of
which the South has complained. It is true that,
when our fellow-citizens of the South have passed
through the iion-slaveholdiog States, pursuing
their legitimate business, they have had their ser-
vants taken from them by mobs or by stealth. This
is a wrong which furnishes not only a just but
serious cause of complaint. We have a right to
insist that you should treat us with justice—that
you should respect our rights of property. We
justly insist upon our constitutional right to such
property; and it will not do to say that the Con-'
stitution does not recognize it. That argument,
I believe, has been exhausted; and I believe that
every fair man upon that side of the House with
whom I have conversed, has admitted the truth
that the Constitution does recognize the right of
property in slaves—call them by that or any other
name yon choose.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I desire simply to say that,
for one, I do not admit that.
Mr. HAMILTON. I did not have the gentle-
man in my mind when I referred to gentlemen
with whom I had held conversations. I have never
had any conversation with that gentleman upon
the subject, and probably never shall, as I know
we would not agree. But I will ask the gentle-
man whether or not he believes that the Consti-
tution itself does recognize the right, as it exists
upon the statute-books of the several States, to
the service of those held to labor?
Mr. LOVEJOY. I suppose that slavery, so
far as the Constitution is concerned, exists out-
side of that instrument, under the protection of
State rights, with which the Constitution has noth-
ing to do one way or the other.
Mr. HAMILTON. If the Constitution of the
United States has nothing to do with the rights
of property, as they exist in the States, I do not
see what, it has to do with anything; nor do I see
what it was made to operate upon, unless upon
citizens of all the States, and the property of all
the citizens of all the States, just as they are de-
termined by the laws of the several States.
1 have mentioned one of the causes of grievance;
but there are others. It has been insisted that
Congress has the right to exercise power upon
the subject of slavery between the States, so far
as the trade in that property is concerned; that it
has the right to deal, without restriction, upon
that question in the Territories; all of which we
of the South deny. I have, myself, been broadly
at variance with the people of the South, upon
the subject of the power which can be exercised
upon that subject in the Territories. I have
insisted that the legitimate and necessary conse-
quence of that position (the denial of congressional
power) is, that the people of a Territory had the
power. I have believed it, and I believe it to this
day. I have said so since 1836. I said it when
I was, so far as I know, the only man in Texas
who publicly maintained it; the only one who, m
view of the omnipotence of party dictation to the
contrary, was guilty of such temerity. I deny
the power of Congress, and in this I agree with
all the South.
And while upon this subject, I might as well
give my opinions now, as at any other time, upon
the propositions of the majority of the committee
of thirty-three upon the subject of the Territories.
It will be a curious piece of history in after times,
when this subject of slavery in the Territories
shall be read by our children. In 1820, the polit-
ical agitation upon the subject of slavery made it
necessary for those then interested with the affairs
of Government to adopt the Missouri compro-
mise. With that compromise, for thirty years,
the people were perfectly content. But another
exciting period upon the same subject arrived just
thirty years afterwards—in 1850". By the com-
promise measures of that year, that line was, by
necessary implication, repealed; for, I believe, it
will be admitted everywhere that, in organizing
the Territories of New Mexico and Utah, the right
was given to those two Territories to adopt or
exclude slavery, as they might think proper.
But, lest they might not be so understood, to
put that question at rest forever, it was four years
afterwards, on the passage of the Kansas-Ne-
braska bill, specifically repeated. The agitation
first demanded its establishment. The agitation
on the same subject, thirty years afterwaids, de-
manded its repeal. And in less than seven years
the third agitation, and the greatest, on the same
subject, by the almost universal consent of the
people of the United States, demands its restora-
tion by constitutional provision. I say it will be
a curious piece of the history of the country when
our children come to read it.
I predicate my last proposition on what I un-
derstand to be the temper of the times. I believe
that everywhere, North and South, the great
mass of the people to-day would be willing to ac-
cept the settlement of the line of 36° 30', if it can
be put in a constitutional form. How much bet-
ter would that be, Mr. Speaker, than to provide
for the admission of New Mexico now as a State,
with the recognition of slavery as it exists there
to-day ? The objection that I have heard made
is, that in point of fact, it will ultimately be a non-
slaveholding State; and that, although we may
admit it as a slave State, it will not, m the opin-
ion of some, remain a slave State. I admit the
correctness of that opinion. It is my own opin-
ion. Nevertheless, I believe that the people of the
South have been for long years insisting on the
right of a State to claim admission into the Union,
with or without slavery, as she may choose to
come in; and I shall not be the first to resist that
right.
If the Missouri compromise line will do now,
as a settlement of the vexed question of slavery
in the Territories, what will be left if we provide
for the admission of New Mexico? New Mexico
and Arizona—and both are to be admitted as one
State—comprehend all the territory now owned
by us south of that line.
And if you give us the constitutional amend-
ment, to let us establish slavery all south of that
line, we will give all north of it to freedom; gen-
tlemen are willing to have it put into the Consti-
tution that slavery shall not exist there. But, Mr.
Speaker, I would rather have it as it is. We as-
sume that this question has been settled; that the
highest judicial tribunal of the United States has
proclaimed that we of the South have the right
to go into any portion of the public territory of
the country with our negro property, and have
protection for that property. Why, then, do we
seek to exclude ourselves from the right to go
north of 36° 30', when we say we have a consti-
tutional right to go there, and when the highest
tribunal m the land, the one that has been made
the arbiter on every question aiising out of the
Constitution, has said we may go there with our
negroes ?
But it is said that this thing will not satisfy the
South, because New Mexico may not come in as
a slave State. In the name of all that is reason-
able, in the name of all that rational men can do,
I demand to know who expects that the Congress
of the United States, or the people of the slave
States, shall see to it that New Mexico shall come
m as a slave State or never come in at all? Does
any one take such a position? We can provide
for her coming in as a slave State, and let her
come in or stay out, as her people may prefer.
If I know anything about that country I know
