1861.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
36th Cong....2d Sess.
State of the Unixm—Mr. Hamilton.
Ho.ofPi.eps.
that it cannot remain a slave State. No man who
has ever traveled through it, no man who has ever
been on the contiguous soil in my own State can,
for a moment, delude hirpsclf with any such idea.
And, sir, am I to stand here to-day, with the
honest conviction resting in my heart that the
whole subject in controversy, so far as the Ter-
ritories are concerned, is not worth that sheet of
paper to any portion of the people of the United
States, and to place myself in the way of adjust-
ment because the people of New Mexico may not,
when they come to apply for admission into the
Union as a State, incorporate the institution of
slavery in their constitution ? Is it not enough that
Congress provides that she may come in as a slave
State? Let the institution take care of itself there
as it has taken care of itself in every southern
slave State that has been admitted into the Union
since the adoption of the Federal Constitution.
My own native State of Alabama, and Florida,
Louisiana, Arkansas, Tennessee, and Kentucky,
never asked, any of them, protection from the
Federal Government for the institution of slavery
prior to their admission into the Union as States.
Slavery went there, and it was protected by the
people who inhabited those Territories because
they believed it a good institution. It is a modern
idea that lias been eliminated for the contact be-
tween the contesting parties of the country, that
we must have protection foi such and such spe-
cies of properties in the Territories. I never, my-
self, could see the reason why. I have mada the
very same argument, time and again, before my
• own people, and have asked them whether, if
Congress should pass a law protecting the insti-
tution of slavery in New Mexico, any one of them
expected to go there with his negro? ''Oh no;
but it is my right to go." " Well, surely, it is
your right to go; but when you get there you
subject yourself to the laws that exist there, and
you must take your chances as other people take
their chances."
I say, for one, that I would be willing to assent
to this. If we are to stickle foi a mere abstract
right, then we ought to stickle on tlx* right of
£om2; into all the territory north as well as south
of 36° 30'. And least of all, Mr. Speaker, would
f hesitate to settle these difficulties because this
Congress or the people of the country would not
agree that in a-H the Territories south of 36° 30-',
that we now have or may hereafter acquire, the
institution of slavery shall be protected. I com-
mend to the attention of the country the able re-
marks of the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Adams] on this subject yesterday. I fully concur
in them; although 1 know that at home, among
those who can see no good that can possibly come
out of Nazareth, I will be condemned, perhaps,
for having paid a just tribute to the gentleman,
simply because he is from Massachusetts, and
possibly because of his high lineage. But I say
I do, in the fullest degree, indorse all he said on
this subject. I ask gentlemen seriously, whether
it would not astonish the world if we should agree
to incorporate in the Constitution of the United
States a provision for the purpose of organizing
governments, or determining the rights of citizens
who are to inhabit territory which we are here-
after to acquire from adjoining and friendly na-
tions? But it may be said that Mexico is falling
to pieces, and that we all know we must take
charge of her; that she is a poor, weak Govern-
ment. So much the greater the reason, m my
judgment, why we should not, in the confidence
of our strength, assume to partition out her ter-
ritory.
Mr. RTJST. Will the gentleman allow me to
reply to that remark ?
Mr. HAMILTON. The gentleman will excuse
me. Nor should we assume to determine what
the character of her institutions shall be after we
shall have acquired her territory. There is an-
other reason, Mr. Speaker, why I object to it; I
think that when that time comes, whether it be in
five, ten, or twenty years, the men who shall then
be in charge of the public interests of the country
will be quite ns capable of taking care of and con-
trolling the acquisition as we are now, thus far m
advance of the actual acquisition.
Besides, Mr. Speaker, is it not known to every
gentleman whose heart is bent upon {settling the
difficulties that now exist in the country, that it
New Series—No. 12.
never can be done if that proposition is made as
an ultimatum? I myself, although coming from
the extreme South,might perhaps yield-to it; but
it has no place and no business in the organic law
ofthis great Government—none. I will, however,
Mr. Speaker,with greatpleasure, unite with others
in making a disposition of what we have and of
what we can now control. I am willing to adopt
the Crittenden proposition, with the exception of
makingprovision for future territory. Iam willing
to vote for the admission of New Mexico; whether
she comes with or without slavery, makes no dif-
ference to me. It is but a question of time, and I
for one have never dreaded the political power of
the people, as represented upon either floor of Con-
gress, any more than I have dreaded their moral
power in the Government, if they have any exist-
ence at all. If I am to dread the admission of New
Mexico as a non-slaveholding State, why may I
not dread the existence of her people alongside of
my State? I neither dread one nor the other. If
they have a population of sufficientintelligence, of
which I have no doubt—although it has been
doubted by gentlemen upon this floor—and suffi-
cient in numbers, 1 say they have a right to come
into this Union without reference to the question
of slavery, as well with it as without it, as well
without it as with it. I am not willing to set this
before the people of my State upon the hustings
as a mere party catch-word. I am ready to act
upon it here
In regaid to the proposition of the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Adams] for an amend-
ment to the Constitution of the United States, it
has been said by many that it did not amount to
anything;4that we never were really in danger
from that source of power on the part of the non-
slaveholding States—I allude to a future amend-
ment of the Constitution by a thiee-fourths ma-
jority of all the States, which would confer upon
Congress the right to interfere with slavery in the
States. "Well, sn , I admit that the danger, if it
exists at all, is very remote—very lemute indeed.
But then it has been said that, in the course of
time, the great northwestern territory was sus-
ceptible of being cut up into a sufficient number
of States, having tiiat design in view, should the
Republican party continue its preponderance in
all the free States; and with the contingency, per-
haps, that one or two of the now slaveholding
States might become free. I say it has been said
that, under these circumstances, a three-fourths
majority might, in the course of time, be obtained
to give Congress power over the subject. I have
myself stated to the people of my district that such
an event was possible m the future. And when
it lias been so argued; when it has been looked
to by the southern people as one of the dangers
ahead; and when an extreme northern man, one
who has been reported as very ultra in his views
upon the subject of slavery, comes forward and
says that if such a fear exists upon the part of our
people., if they really do have any anticipation of
any harm to come to them from such a souice,
he is willing to so put himself upon the record as
to place it out of his power to accomplish any
such result; when he not only sanctions it, but
even proposes the measure, not as a law of Con-
gress, to be repealed, but as a part of the organic
law of the land; I say, when he proposes a provis-
ion to be incorporated into the Constitution that
the institution of slavery shall not be interfered
with unless every southern State m the Union as-
sents to it, now I ask you, could a more perfect
guarantee be given upon this subject? Sir, I will
vote for the measure with great pleasure; and I
say that, if the people of the South are in earnest
about this thing, they will accept it, so far as it
goes, as a full and complete guarantee upon this
subject. No man can doubt that it is as full and
ample as language can make it. I confess myself,
that if 1 had been deputed to draw an amendment
covering this difficulty, I could not have drawn it
as ample and sweeping m its effects as it has been
diuwn by that gentleman. It gives a double se-
curity. No amendment affecting the subject is to
be proposed, except by a slave State; and then
the proposition cannot be adopted unless every
slave State indorses it. I say U is as perfect as
language can make it. .
( In regard to the amendment to the fugitive slave
1 law, I confess I feel groat distrust in relying upon i
my own judgment as to whether the amendment
offered will meet fully the views of the South or
not. In fact, I am ready to say that, so far as my
knowledge extends, the details of that bill" have
never been discussed among the people of my owp
State. There is not one citizen in a dozen who
ever read the law as it now exists. In all the dis-
cussions that have been had upon the infractions
of that law, as a reason for the dissatisfaction that
exists in the South, I have never heard the defects
of the law alluded to as a cause of resistance to its
execution. But I am told by gentlemen in whose
judgment I have great confidence, both North and
South, that the proposition for the amendment of
that law will meet most of the difficulties thus far
encountered. Then^Mr. Speaker, if it shall be
the will of the House to adopt it is a pa.rt of the
measures of compromise to he agreed on-, I, for
one, shall raise no objection.
There is one other fact that, in my judgment,
would be sufficient to give ample assurance of
safety in the South for every man who does not
want, for some reason outside of the question of
slavery, to have the Union dissolved; and what
is that? Inasmuch as you have consented never to
interfere with the suhject of slavery in the States,
as you have consented to put it out of your power
to do so, I ask gentlemen of the North if they
will notconsentalso to forego, in the same solemn
form, the power of interference between-the States
in regard to the trade in that speciosof property?
If you will do that, I say you will secure every
man in the South who is willing to have the Union
preserved at all. Why can you not do it? You
nave, by the amendment you have proposed to
the Constitution, not only admitted the right of
the States to regulate this species of property, but
you have admitted our right to have it beyond
the possibility of interference, unless we consent
to give it up. Now, inasmuch as you have con-
sented to that rights and given it to our control
forever, why not also say in the same spirit, and
by and through the same solemn form, that the
right to change such property from one State to
another, by sale or otherwise, shall also be beyend
your interference forever?
Mr. STANTON. I certainly know of no gen-
tleman who denies that slaves are property under
the Constitution, who claims that Congress has
any power to prevent the slave-trade between the
States.
Mr. HAMILTON. I understand that fully.
Mr. STANTON. Certainly, nobody claims
any such right.
Mr. HAMILTON. I understand that fully.
I am not stating what the opinions of northern
gentlemen may be on that subject. 1 predicate
my remarks not upon what I assume to be their
principles or purposes. But, sir, we are now deal-
ing with the condition of things in the country;
what one section of the country believes of an-
other. It is a settled conviction in the South that
the people of the North believe that this depart-
ment of the Government has the power to arrest
the slave tivde between the States at its will, and
that when they obtain the control here, they will
proceed to exercise that power. It is for the pur-
pose of satisfying the public mind there that you
do notintendtodoit; goingt© the whole extent of
the slavery question, I insist you ought to take
that other additional step, and you will, in my
judgment, restore peace and harmony to this coun-
try. Besides, if this is neither the doctrine nor
purpose of the Republican party, there will be no
sacrifice in voting the amendment.
Only a few words more. [Cries ofli Go on !"
" Go on !"] I care not for myself. I made up my
mind at the beginning of this trouble never to
pause in my exertions because of the condition
m which it would place me for the time being,
either here or at home. I have not allowed one
single motive of selfishness, if I know my own
heait, ever to interfere with the exercise or what
little judgment 1 have been able to bring to bear
upon these great questions. 1 am solemnly im-
pressed, however, Mr. Speaker, with the condi-
tion in which I actually find myself. In traveling
hither from my home, more than two thousand
miles distant, tor this Capitol, for the discharge
of a public duty, my foot pressed no spot of for-
eign teiritory. My eye rested upon not one mate-
rial object, during my journey, that was not a
