tis
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 5,
36th Cong. ... 2d Sess.
State of the Union—Mr. Logan.
Ho. of Reps.
p&rt'and parcel of ray country, as I fondly deemed
it. When we assembled together, so far as I
Know, every St?te and Territory was represented
upon this floor. The great fabric of the Govern-
ment was then complete; butnow, howchanged?
Wtien I go hence, it will be to find my pathway
intercepted by new and strange nationalities.
Without ever haviftg wandered from my native
land, I must traverse foreign countries, if I would
return.
1 teight-be excused for doubting my own iden-
tity. : Surely I may be pardoned for having in-
voluntarily prayed that this might prove a trou-
bled'and protracted dream. Yet it is too true—
too many evidences force conviction of the sad
reality. But a few days past, Mr. Speaker, the
noble templeof American liberty stood complete'
in all its parts—stood in all the majesty of its
vast proportions, and in the glory of its apparent
strength and beauty of construction; not a pillar
missing or a joint dissevered. And its votaries
were gathered about the altar, worshiping, as was
their wont, with hopeful hearts. Forebodings were
felt, and predictions made, of the coming storm
and the destruction of the temple. And the storm
has come and still rages; the temple still stands,
but 'shorn of its fair proportions and marred in its
beauty. Pillar after pillar has fallen away. And
while its proud dome still points to heaven, it is
reelinginmidairliko a drunken man, while its solid
foundations are shaken as with an earthquake.
Yet there are worshipers there about the shrine;
and I am among them. I have been called by
warning voices to come out and escape the im-
pending danger; I have been wooed by entreaties
and plied with threats. But, sir, neither entrea-
ties nor threats, nor hope oi'roward nor dread of
danger, shall tear me away until I lay hold of the
horns of the altar of my country, and implore
Heaven, in its own good time, to still this storm
of civil strife, and, through siffch human agency as
may be best, again uprear the fallen pillars to their
original position, that they may, through long
ages, contribute to the strength and beauty of the
noblest structure yet devised by man.
STATE OF THE UNION.
SPEECH OF HON. JOHN A. LOGAN,
OP ILLINOIS,
In the House of Representatives,
February 5, 1861.
Tho House having under consideration the report from
the select committee of thirty-three—
Mr. LOGAN said:
Mr. Speaker: I do not suppose that anything
that I may say will have the effect to change the
views or determinations of any of tho members of
this body, on the question now under discussion.
But, representing n constituency honest, brave,
and chtvalnc, at all times obeying strictly the
mandates of the Constitution, and who are most
deeply interested in the startling drama now in
progress, I deem it due to them that I should give
expression to the opinions I entertain in regard to
this appalling crisis in our national affairs. Kir,
in view of the history of the past, wo have now a
heart-rendingscene before us. During three quar-
ters of a century we have enjoyed unbounded
prosperity, and cherished the brightest visions of
national greatness; whether in peace or in war, the
career of our country has been one of unexampled
success. Up to tlie time of the Inst presidential
election we were prosperous and happy; abundant
crops, accompanied by a great foreign demand,
gave the farmer the auspicious assurance of ease
and contentment. Never before had so many ele-
ments conspired to augment the wealth of the
land, as just before that fatal period; but now a
tornado rages, spreading desolation in its path;
discord,anarchy,and confusion, prevail through-
out a portion of our once Heaven-blessed country.
Our political system is crumbling to pieces, and
ourselves verging almost on a state of universal
bankruptcy. Stocks are depreciated, all sorts of
values depressed, and thousands of poor laborers
thrown out of employment on the cold charities
of the* world. Six of the pillars and supports of
our pirond temple of liberty have been wrenched
from their places. Six stars have disappeared
from our glorious old flag. Revolution exists in six
States, with the chance that it will spread ere long,
as a fire on the prairies, over many more of the
slaveholding States. What a sad change, Mr.
Speaker, a few short weeks have wrought!
Sir, to what are we to attribute all this? In
order to deal properly with this subject, it is ne-
cessary for us to inquire into the causes of this
sad train of events, involving, as they do, the dis-
memberment of this, the best Government ever
devised by men, and ascertain, if possible, whether
or not there is any remedy that will stay the rev-
olution and repair the disaster. Sir, what is the
cause? It does seem to me that no argument is
necessary before thehonestand intelligentpeople
of this country, to demonstrate the fact that the
agitation of the slavery question, by fanatics and
demagogues, north and south, in and out of the
Halls of Congress, for years past, is the source
of all our present troubles. The Abolitionists of
the North have constantly warred upon southern
institutions, by incessant abuse from the pulpit,
from the press, on the stump, and in the Halls of
Congress, denouncing them as a sin against God
and man; they have in many places, by mobs,
resisted the execution of the fugitive slave law;
they have, in several of the northern States, by
legislative enactment, made it a penitentiary of-
fense for any one to assist in the arrest or rendi-
tion of a fugitive slave. By these denunciations
and lawless acts on the part of abolition fanatics,
such results have been produced as to drive the
people of the southern States to a sleepless vigil-
ance for the protection of their property and
preservation of their rights. While the Aboli-
tionists of the North have been engaged in their
part of the work—poisoningthemindsof northern
people against southern institutions, and encour-
aging resistance to the due execution of the laws
—ambitious, reckless, and seditious men at the
South, of the Rhett and Yancey school of dis-
unionists, have been no less industrious in creat-
ing a corresponding haired to northern people and
northern institutions, encouraging and inculcat-
ing a spirit of resistance! to the authorities of the
Government. They have seized upon every law-
less act of the Abolitionists of the North, and
every denunciatory speech against southern insti-
tutions made by'them ill Congress or elsewhere,
and presented them to the southern people in such
a light as " to fire the southern heart" to such an
extent that they were ready, upon the election of
any man to the Presidency who they believed
sympathized in any degree whatever with the
views, designs, or objects of the Abolitionists, in
reference to the institution of slavery, to bo " pse-
cipitated into a revolution."
Die election of Mr. Lincoln was the golden
opportunity presented to the disunionists of the
South—with whom there has been apparently
conccrt of action on the part of the Garrison,
Wendell Phillips, Giddings, and Beecher school
of politicians for yeais—for the overthrow of this
Government. The opportunity was not allowed
to pass. They seized upon the deep-seated feel-
ing of ill-will that existed between a portion of
the people of the two sections of the Union; and
the. country is now trembling on the verge of
l'nin. No man, sir, who is versed m the political
history of this country, having a regard for truth,
will for one moment contend that there is any
other cause for the difficulties under which we
now labor than this miserable agitation of the sla-
very question. Men, sir, North and South, who
love themselves far better than their country, have
brought us to this unhappy condition.
Having shown the origin of our troubles in the
abolition agitation, the apprehensions that exist
in tho minds of southern people for the safety of
their institutions, it is not necessary for us to in-
quire, further, whether these apprehensions are
well-founded or not. The question is, what shall
we do to allay them?
Su;, there is a great duty for us to perform to
our country and to posterity. Professions offie-
votion to the Union, and love for the institutions
of our country alone, will not save us. We must
act, and act soon—act as patriots and not as par-
tisans. Non-action at this time is slow, but cer-
tain death. To act, is to live; to stand still, is
simply permitting the Government to die.
Mr. Speaker, if this question of slavery had been
banished from the Halls of Congress years gone
by, the people of tho slaveholding States allowed
to manage it in their own way without interfering
with us, and we of the North had attended to our
affairs without meddling with that of our neigh-
bors, and permitted the people of the Territories,
without congressional intervention either for or
against slavery, to have decided the question for
themselves, and the Representatives of the people
in Congress hud turned their attention to the de-
velopment of the vast resources of the agricultural,
commercial, manufacturing, and all our inex-
haustible interesi, we would now have peace,
order, prosperity, and happiness in our land, in-
stead of revolution, anarchy, confusion, depressed
trade, and crippled finances. But, sir, the ques-
tion is not what would have prevented our present
calamities, and preserved peace between the sec-
tions, but in what way we may restore tranquil-
lity, and bring the American people once more
together in the bonds of amity and union.
I propose, then, to notice the position assumed
by some gentlemen on the other side of this Hall,
who pretend to be the leaders of the party soon to
undertake the administration of this Government;
these are the extreme men of their party. They
say they are Union men; that they are determined
to preserve it intact. Sir, how are they going to
preserve it ? What do they propose to do to save
the Union ? What are they willing to concede of
their extreme views, in order to dissipate the ap-
prehensions of their aggressive policy, that has
already been pleaded as a justification by several
of the Slates for resorting to secession and revo-
lution? What guarantees, assurances, conces-
sions, and compromises are they willing to make
to preserve the Union? None, sir; none. The
restoration of peace, in the bonds of amity and
union, can never be looked for from such men. My
colleague [Mr. Lovkjoy] is going to preserve the
Union by enforcing the laws and hanging tiaitors.
This will be refreshing information to tho con-
servative masses of Illinois, to learn that he is at
last for executing the laws, and has turned against
traitors. If he and his colaborers in the aboli-
tion vineyard had but come to this conclusion
some years since, and given their aid to the exe-
cution of tho fugitive slave law, instead of coun-
tenancing its resistance, probably there would be
no occasion for his appeal at this time for the
enfoicement of the laws on a lcvolting people
But we are told that this is insurrection and re-
bellion against the authority of the General Gov-
ernment, and therefore must be put down Let
me say to gentlemen, that I will go as far as any
man in the performance of a constitutional duty
to put down rebellion, to suppress insurrection,
and to enforce the laws; but when we undertalto
the performance of these duties, let us act in such
a manner as will be best calculated to preserve
and not destroy the Government, and keep our-
selves wiLhin the bounds of the Constitution.
It will not do longer to regard this revolt in tho
seceding States as a mere insurrection or rebel-
lion. Let us not deceive ourselves, but look at
things as they really exist. What are the facts?
In six States this rebellion has attained the
dignity of successful revolution, in which all then-
people are engaged—if not directly, they submit to
and acquiesce in it. Revolution is, then, complete.
The national authorities are expelled from within
their borders; they have declared their independ-
ence, and all within their limits acknowledge al-
legiance to them, and not to the United States
Government; they have raised armies, and are for-
tifying themselves to maintain their position. And,
sir, it is to be feared that, ere long, other States
will follow in their wake. How then, sir, are we
to execute our laws within the limits of these se-
ceding States? Under our form of government,
our laws can only be enforced by the civil author-
ities. The military can only be used as a posse
comitutus to assist in executing judicial process,
when resistance to its execution is made. Who
will issue writs in the seceding States against
those who have, set our authority at defiance ? Who
will call the posse comitatusto their aid? We have
neither judge nor marshal left who acknowledge
our authority. Where will our juries come from
that are to try those who have trampled our laws
under foot, when all have participated in the un-
lawful act? When the fact is demonstrated that
