762
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February
justice of the great mass of the people in the south-
ern States, now misguided ana led astray by the
falsehoods and machinations of political leaders,
who have fomented this rebellion to subserve their
own selfish and ambitious ends.
Let the administration ofMr. Lincoln once coRie
fairly into power; let it have an opportunity to
develop its policy as every other Administration
has done; let it maintain a wise,but firm and de-
cided course in the enforcement of the revenue
laws, and the protection of the public property,
and it will notbe long before the eyes of the people
of the seceding States will be opened, not merely
as to the real aims and position of the Republican
party, but also to the ruinous policy which they
have been made to pursue. Then will come the
time when the conservative, patriotic men of those
States, who are now submerged by this revolu-
tionary tide, can and will be heard. And, then,
■when the olive branch shall be tendered by the
people of the North; when the mutual misunder-
standings are done away, the people of the South
will return to their allegiance to the Government
that has protected them so long and so well; peace
and harmony will once more be restored; and the
glorious old stars and stripes will still float in
the breezes of heaven, the banner of a common
country!
Messrs. MOORE of Kentucky, and TRIM-
BLE nextaddressed the House. [Their speeches
will be published in the Appendix.]
Mr. HUMPHREY obtained the floor; but
yielded to
Mr. HUTCHINS, who moved an adjourn-
ment.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon (at
ten o'clock and fifteen minutes,p. m.) the House
adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, February 6, 1861.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Gorley.
T he Jo u rnal o fyesterday was read and approved.
POST ROUTE BILL.
The Senate proceeded to consider the resolution
of the House of Representatives, requesting the
Senate to return to the House the bill (H. R. No.
714) establishing certain post routes, with the
amendments of the House to certain amendments
of the Senate to the bill; and it was
Ordered, That the Secretary be directed to return the
said bill with tlie amendments to the House of Itepiesent-
atives, agreeably to its request.
COUNTING 01? 15LECT0EA.L TOTES.
The VICE PRESIDENT appointed Mr. Trum-
bui.i. teller on the part of the Senate to count the
electoral votes for President and Vice President
of the United States.
A message was subsequently received from the
House of Representatives, announcing that the
House of Representatives had concurred in the
resolution reported by the joint committee ap-
pointed to ascertain and report a mode for exam-
ining the votes for President and Vice President
of the United States; and that it had appointed
Mr. Eu.rai; B. Washburne, of Illinois, and Mr.
John- S. Phelps, of Missouri, tellers on the part
of the House.
RESOLUTIONS 01' KENTUCKY.
Mr. PITCH. I move that the message from
the President of the United States, communicat-
ing resolutions of the Legislature of Kentucky,
recommending the call of a convention for pro-
posing amendments to the Constitution of the
United States, which was yesterday laid on the
table, be printed.
Mr. PUGH. I wish to make a suggestion in
that connection. As I understand, these are the
resolutions of the Legislature of Kentucky call-
ing upon Congress, pursuant to the Constitution,
for a genoial convention. They ought not to be
passed over in silence. It is a demand which is
authorized to be made upon us; and I would sug-
gest that the lesoluuons be referred to the stand-
ing Committee on the Judiciary, together with
the message of the President.
Mr. FITCH. 1 think the reference very proper.
Tln-y were laid on the table yesterday, in the
haiite of pioeeedings, just betbie the adjourn-
ment.
The resolutions, with the message of the Pres-
ident, were referred to the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, and ordered to bo printed.
collection of'duties.
Mr. COLLAMER; I have certain amend-
ments which I have prepared to Senate bill No.
545, in relation to the collection of duties on im-
ports, and for other purposes, which I desire to
have printed.
The amendments were received informally, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. HEMPHILL. I have an amendment to
offer to the same bill, as a substitute, which I
move to have printed.
The motion to print was agreed to.
APPEAL IN COPYRIGHT CASES.
Mr. BAYARD. I ask the Senate to take up
for consideration the motion to reconsider the vote
on the passage of House bill No. 554, to extend
the right of appeal from decisions of circuit courts
to the Supreme Court of the United States. My
object is to have it recommitted to the Committee
on the Judiciary, in order that the amendments
made to it may be revised. There is a difference
of opinion among those members of the House of
Representatives who take an interest in the bill,
as to the form in which it now is; and I desire to
have it recommitted to the committee. The mo-
tion to reconsider has been submitted. I move to
take it up, in order to recommit the bill to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Delaware moves to take up the bill (H. R. No.
554) to extend the right of appeal from decisions
of circuit courts to the Supieme Court of the
United States. A motion to reconsider the vote
passing the bill is pending.
The motion to take up the bill was agreed to.
Mr. BAYARD. I now ask that the motion to
reconsider be adopted. I shall then move to re-
commit the bill to the Committee on the Judiciary.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
or. reconsidering the vote by which the bill was
passed.
The motion to leconsider was agreed to.
Mr. BAYARD. I now moVe that the bill be
recommitted to the Committee on the Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
DEFICIENCY BILL.
Mr. PEARCE, from the Committee on Finance,
to whom were referred the amendments of the Sen-
ate to the bill of the House (No. 866) to supply
deficiencies in the appropriations for theseivice
of the fiscal year ending June 30, 1861, and the
amendments of the House to the amendments of
the Senate, reported thereon.
The Senate proceeded to consider its amend-
ments to the bill; and,
On motion of Mr. PEARCE, it was
Resolved, That the Senate disagree to the amendments
of the House of Representatives to the amendments of the
Senate to the hilt (1!. tt. No 866) to supply deficiencies in
the appiopuations for Lite seiviee of tiie li-cai year ending
June -!0,1861, insi&tupon its amendments to tiie said bill,
disagreed to by the House of Representatives, and ask a
eonferenee on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
thereon.
On motion of Mr. PEARCE, the Vice Presi-
dent was authorized to appoint the committee on
the part of the Senate; and Mr. Fessknden,Mi\
Green, and Mr. Harlan-, were appointed.
' PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. SEWARD. 1 present the memorial of im-
porting merchants, dry-goods merchants, mer-
chants in the general line of tlieir profession, bank-
ers and insurance companies, in the city of New
York, protesting ogainst abolishing or materially
modifying the waiehousing system of the United
States. I ask that the petition lie on the table.
It was so ordered.
Mr. TEN EYCK presented six petitions of
citizcns of Philadelphia, in favor of the Union, the
Constitution as it is, and ttie enforcement of the
laws; which were ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. DIXON presented a petition of citizens of
Hartford, Connecticut, praying for the speedy
adoption of such measures as will substantially
embrace the recommendations of the Representa-
tives of the border States; which was ordered to
he on the table.
Mr. CAMERON presented a petition of citi-
zens of Philadelphia, piaying that a pro rata ap-
propriation may be made by the national Gov-
ernment to any State applying therefor, to enable
said State to extinguish the title to slaves witiim
its limits, by compensating the holders of such
title, and by providing for the education of such
slaves; which was ordered to lie on the table.
He also presented seven petitions of citizens of
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, asking Congress to
stand firm for the Union, the Constitution as it
is, and the enforcement of the laws; which were
ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. SIMMONS presented the memorial of Bar-
clay & Livingston and others, merchants of the
city of New York, in favor of the return of duties
collected upon goods destroyed by the great fire
of July 19,1845; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims.
Mr. PEARCE presented the memorial of Gail
& Ax, and others, importers and manufacturers
of cigars in Baltimore, Maryland, remonstrating
against the duties proposed to be imposed on
cigars by the tariff bill before Congress, and against
a modification of the bonding warehouse system:
which was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. WILKINSON presented a memorial of
the Legislature of Minnesota, in favor of an ap-
propriation for improving the Mississippi river
from a point near the mouth of the Minnesota
river to Sauk Rapids; which was referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
He also presented a memorial of the Legisla-
ture of Minnesota in favor of the appointment of
a special mail agent for that State; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
Mr. FESSENDEN presented a memorial of
citizens of Freeport, Maine, praying for the adop-
tion of measures of conciliation and compromise;
which was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I present a memorial
of citizcns of Troy, in the State of New York,
praying for the speedy adoption of such measures
as will substantially cmbrace the recommenda-
tions of the Representatives of the border States,
which they believe will restore tranquillity and
peace to the country. It is very numerously
signed—I believe by two or three thousand citi-
zens; and they recommend also, as abasisofset-
tiement, the resolutions which I hail the honor to
present. I move that the memorial lie oil the
table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I also present a petition
of citizens of the State of Massachusetts; which
I ask may be read and laid on the table.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
To the Honorable the Senate and House of Representative*;
in Congress assembled:
The undersigned, citizens of Massachusetts and also cit-
izens ot the United States, taithful alike to each allegiance,
believing that their sentiments towards the Union and to-
waidstheir common country have been misrcpresent<'dand
misunderstood; willing that all parts of the country should
have their lull and equal rights under the Constitution, and
recognizing in the propositions of lion. J. J. Crittenden,
of Kentucky, a basis of settlement which the North and
South may fairly and honorably accede to, and which is
well calculated to ie?tore peace to the country, respect-
fully petition that your honorable bodies may adopt the
same.
Mr. BIGLER presented a resolution adopted
byaUnion meeting of citizens of Dauphin comity,
Pennsylvania, held atMiddletown on the 22d of
January, 1861, in favor of the adoption of the
compromise measures proposed by Mr. Chit-
tenden; which was ordered to lie on the fahlo.
Mr. BIGLER. I also presentamemorial signed
by one bundled and six citizens of the city of Lan-
caster, in the State of Pennsylvania, membnsof
the Union Fire Company No. 1, inscribed upon
the American flag, praying for the passage of the
Crittenden orBiglerresolutions, orany others of
a similar import, to preserve the peace and pros-
perity of the United States. It is from an asso-
ciation existing before the Government: an asso-
ciation that has witnessed all the perils of our
great country. The organization was formed be-
fore our independence, and before the Constitu-
tion was adopted. As requested, I ask thai it be
read by the Secretary.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
To the Honorable the Senate anil House of Ilcpre*cnf.L<tiVt~*;
oj ike United States in Congress assembler!:
The petition of the officers and member's ot the Union
Ful- Company, citizens of the city ot Lancaster, iVnu-jl
vani.u mo-t icvpHctfully repmsoii^ that fhi& eompau-,, fn
a century past, havo been devoted to the welfare of'tlieir
tellow-cmzens, and where thelieice&t flames thieatened
