1861.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GliOBE.
IT9
36tii Cong....2d Sess.
State of the Union—Mr. Logan.
Ho; of Reps.
our laws cannot be enforced against these people
by the civil authorities, according to the forms of
the Constitution, we are answered, that secession
is unconstitutional and wrong.
Sir. I have always, and do yet, deny the right
of secession. There is no warrant for it in the
Constitution. It is wrong, it is unlawful, uncon-
stitutional, and should be called by the right name,
revolution. No good, sir, can result from it, but
much mischief may. It is no remedy for any
grievance. I hold that alt grievances can be much
easier redressed inside the Union than out of it.
But it is not necessary to argue the question as to
whether it is a remedy for anything or not. Six
States have committed the act, have declared their
independence, forced our civil authorities into obe-
dience to them, and are now engaged in estab-
lishing a separate and independent government,
with the intention of opening diplomatic inter-
course with foreign Powers.
We are told, however, that their action being
unconstitutional, it is the duty of the Federal Gov-
ernment to call into requisition the Army, the
Navy, and the military of the non-seceding States,
and with them invade the revolting States, and
enforce the laws. Sir, can we, by "this process,
compel them to elect members of Congress, to
accept the offices of judge, marshal, postmaster,
collector of customs at the various ports, or per-
foim any other of the various duties under the
Government? No, sir; we might possibly have
forces enough to subjugate and hold these States
as conquered provinces; make them hate, but not
love us; make them subject to, but not respect
our laws. If this method be resorted to on the
part of the Government, with a view of coercing
States or enforcing the laws, it will be on our part
an act of war, and wil! he so regarded by the civ-
ilized world, and we wtli be forced, m such a con-
flict of arms, to recognize and observe all the laws
of war.
Sir, are our hearts sufficiently steeled against
our erring brethren to witness all the horrible
scenes of such an unnatural strife? For one, sir,
my heart sickens at the very thought. They are
not our enemies, with whom we should be will- ;
ing to measure swords, but a part of our people.
They are our kinsmen, and should be dealt with
kindly. Their return fiom their wandenngs may
be looked for at some future day, if our action
shall be tempered with forbearance and modera-
tion; but if you *4 let slip the dogs of war,"
never' never!
At the time the treaty of peace between Great
Britain and her revolted colonies was signed, I
venture to affiim that there was no nation on the
face of the earth with whom our ancestors would
no t have more willingly united than with the
subjects of King George III, although they were
their own flesh and blood. Such had been the
bitterness of that great contest, such the animos-
ity which that civil strife had engendered, that
our fathers, if the worst had come, would have
sought refuge m any alliance rather than with
their own unnatural kin.
This great struggle was commenced to vindi-
cate and enforce the laws against a revolted peo-
ple. The Lord Norths and King Georges were
in that day as great sticklers for executing the
laws at the point of the bayonet, and preserving
the Government by a resort to arms, as are our lat-
ter-day Republicans. When implored for con-
cessions, when petitioned for guarantees, they re-
sponded with bullets and bayonets. We all know
the result. The now oft-repeated language," have
we a Government?" and then a discussion as to
whether concessions can be made to "rebellious
subjects," is almost hteially copied from the
speeches in Parliamentat that time. The paral-
lel between the harangues of the extreme men of
t!i<> Republican party, to-day, and the speeches
in the British Parliament, is too striking not to
have arrested the attention of the reader of his-
tory. If, even after the battle of Lexington, the
British Government had heeded the counsels of
the eloquent Chatham, it is doubtful whether the
Revolution would not have been stayed; and, in-
stead of the libert.es we now enjoy, this country
mi_ht have been a jewel in the coronet of the
l'y. itish sovereign. Sir, it is easily seen that the
enforcement of the law-:, at the point of the bay-
onet, will not cement this Union again—will not
make us friends; nor will it settle the slavery
question; but the fruits of such an attempt will
be, that the first blood shed will operate as a sig-
nal for fresh and more extensive slaughter; a dark
veil of terror and^death will cover our whole land.
Those who are now apparently thirsting for the
blood of their fellows will shed a silent tear over
the awful scenes of blood, carnage, and desola-
tion with which they will be .surrounded ; feelings
of the deepest horror will be excited in the breasts
of those who will not have lost all sense of hu-
manity and Christianity, to see our own native
land devoted to all the imaginable atrocities of
deep-seated revenge ; thousands and thousands
will fajl before the enraged and constantly increas-
ing forces to rot in one common grave. Ah! sir,
then you will have weeping widows, bereaved
orphans, mourning fathers, and disunion forever
You, who are willing to inaugurate this fatal pol-
icy, which insures war and not peace, when asked
why these widows and orphans, why this weep-
ing and mourning, why this carnage, why these
rivers of blood—what will be your answers?" We
are merely enforcing the laws against oujiJellow-
citizens and kindiccl.Can it be possible that
any of the friends of Air. Lincoln will attempt a
policy that will bring upon this country all the
disasters of civil war, when he lumself was so
conscientious about the spilling of blood in an
"unnecessary war," that he opposed his own
Government when engaged in war with Mexico,
an enemy, and on foreign soil? Surely, surely,
they arc not serious. If a collision must ensue
between this Government and any of our own
people, let it come when every other means of
settlement has been tried and exhausted ; and not
then, exccpt when the Government shall be com-
pelled to repel assaults for the protection of its
property, Hag, and tho honor of the country.
Sir, this no-compromise war-policy of gentle-
men is not a proper or practical remedy. We
1 are, then, led to inquire what is the remedy? It
is for the Representatives here from all sections
of the country, be they of whatever politics they
may, who love the Union of these States, and
desire the peace, happiness, and welfare of the
people, to meet on this question as our fathers
met; as patriots, mid notas partisans; as men who
love every ligament and fiber that has bound us
together; as men of peace, and not of war; and,
in thespiritof concession and compromise, as our
Governmen t was established, show by our action,
and not professions, that the people of each State,
in their persons and property, shall be protected;
that we will recognize the equality of the States
to the fullest extent, satisfy and appease the ap-
prehensions of the southern people m reference to
the safety of their peculiar institutions, sacrifice
each a part of their peculiar views in regard to ail
the questions that are of a disturbing character,
striking dumb the people of the South by pre-
senting to them such measures of conciliation as
they least expcct. In this way, sir, we can save
the country; it will have the tendency to bind
stronger than ever, in bonds of love and affection,
the border slaveholding States to the Union; and
those States in the extreme South, that have been
dragged into the whirlpool of disunion by reck-
less and ambitious men, ere long, as wandering
and erring children, who, having traveled through
strange lands, in " byand forbidden paths,"and
been beaten by the storms of adversity, will re-
turn on bended knees, saying, " I come once
more to the parental roof for protection."
We are told, however, that the time for con-
cession has passed; that no compromise can be
made with men who have swords in their hands:
and that, if made, it would not be accepted by the
seceding States. Sir, the golden moment in ref-
erence to those States may have passed for the
present. When we first met together this session,
those States were yet m theUnion; if proper con-
cessions and proper measures of conciliation had
then been adopted, you would have armed their
conservative men with arguments and facts with
w^ich they could have gone before then* people.
Compromise and guarantees in one hand, and the
flag of the Union in the other, the smoldering
fires of patriotism would then have burst forth
and swept disunion from the land. "Ycknew
your duty, but ye did it not." Let the past be a
warning for the future; let these vacant seats utter
their silent but solemn ■appeal to the members of
this House for prompt ana efficient action in be-
half of the border slave States, and the conserva-
tive masses of the seceding ones, who mourn over
the dire calamity that has befallen their country;
hearken unto the appeal of the Union men on this
floor from the South. Thank God there arc Union
men, arfti a host of them, yet left, in the slave-
holding States, who cherish the memory of their
revolutionary sires, born under the flag of the
Union, and taught from childhood to love it, ap-
preciating the fact that the protecting hand of this
Government has been over them in sunshine and
in storm ! They ask you to give them such guar-
antees as they are entitled to under all the circum-
stances, and they will go before their people and
put disunion to the sword, or make the Hag of
their country, saturated with *blood, their own
winding-sheet. Can you refuse to do it? Patriot-
ism, speak! Ah ! sir, have the miserable shackles
of party silenced that voice ?
We are told by some that the platform of the
Republican party must beadhered to; thatit must
not be deviated from; that if it is, they win not *
be carrying out the doctrine upon which they
were elected. I am glad, sir, that I can say this
does not apply to all the members of that party
in this House; several of them are coming u-p to
the work nobly, and are willing to let platforms
and party all go for the sake of the country
But it does apply to many who profess to be
leaders of the organization; and I fear thatit will
turn out in the future that they are its leaders.
Is it not surprising that, in a time like this, any
man could so far forget his duty to his country
as to make a party platform paramount to the
peace, happiness, and prosperity of the American
people? Sir, have we not fallen upon strange
times? It does seem to me that " madness rules
the hour." I have been taught to believe that the
preservation of this glorious Union, with its broad
flag waving over us as the shield for our protec-
tion on land and on sea, is paramount to all the
parties and platforms that ever have existed or
ever can exist. I would, to-day, if I had the
power, sink my own party, and every other one,
with all their platforms, into the vortex of ruin,
without heaving a sigh or shedding a tear, to save
the Union, or even stop the revolution where it is.
Sir, when I heard my colleague [Mr. Farns-
worth] say, in his speech, that he would not de-
viate one "jot or tittle" from the principles of the
platform upon which he was elected, I thought
that the insanity of these times was enough to
appal the civilized world. He should remember
the inducements that were held out to the people
during the last canvass in order to induce them
to adopt his platform of principles. They were
told that the way to bring peace and quiet was io
give his party the supremacy and control, and
agitation on the slavery question would seek Its
hiding place; that the dark caverns of the earth
would have to be searched to find a disunionist;
that the Union wouW be bound in ties stronger
together, and would last forever; that order would
reign where confusion existed; that tyranny and
oppression would be driven into the deep abyss
of infamy, and such an era of peace, prosperity,
and happiness would be inaugurated at once as
had no parallel in the history of the world. The
majority of the northern people believed you. I
did not. I thought you were mistaken in the tem-
per of the times. Now, instead of peace, acts of
war are proposed; instead of quiet, we have con-
fusion; instead of ceasing the slavery agitation,
the same old abolition harangues are heard day
after day in this Hall; instead of hunting in caverns
for disunionists, we have them all over the land;
for prosperity we have adversity; for happiness
we have misery and want; instead of union we
have disunion, with all other ills almost that can
befall a people; and certainly my colleague, in
view of all these things, should be willing to yield
a "jot or tittle" of his views, when he sees that
he has been so much mistaken.
Mr. Speaker, what sacrifices would any of us
have to make to settle this question, more than
any fair minded man would make at any time to
settle a dispute with his neighbor? The question
of abolishing slavery in the District of Columbia
bv Congress, without the consent of Virginia and
Maryland, or both, is one point of apprehension
