TM
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE;
February 6,
and lam to be deprived of that courtesy which I
have never known to be denied to a Senator in
this body before. I never yet was capable of taking
up a "bill in the absence of a person who had a
substitute pending, without the slightest notice
to him, and thus deprive him of an opportunity
of voting. Be it so. I will give a few reasons
why I think it ought to be reconsidered) and then
the Senate can take the vote, and there will be an
end'of it.
Mr. WADE. When I resisted this motion to
reconsider, the fact did not occur to me that the
Senator was absent when the bill was passed. I
did know, to be sure, that he had offered a sub-
stitute for the bill; but as the bill was taken up
and passed, and no objection was made to it, I
supposed he.had waived it. I knew nothing to
the contrary; but if there is any particular reason
why it was not urged then, and he puts the motion
on the point of courtesy, I should not like to be
guilty of any impropriety in that respect; and
therefore I would as lief the question would be
taken on agreeing to the substitute as on the re-
consideration; it is immaterial ,to me. I do not
mean to say that the bill satisfies me; but it was
a matter of compromise among us. I did not like
it very well; but it was necessary that provision
should be made for the people of that Territory,
and therefore we agreed upon the bill, such as it
was, as a compromise; but as the Senator plaees
the present motion on the question of courtesy,
if I am permitted, I will withdraw the call for the
yeas and nays.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I have said all that I intended
to say on the point of court&y; and I am will-
ing that the question shall be decided on its mer-
its, if the Senate choose so to decide it. I was
not aware of what the Senator from Ohio lias just
stated, that the bill, in its present form, was the
result of a compromise. Not having been con-
sulted m regard to the compromise; not having
been informed that these conflicting opinions had
been compromised, I certainly had no right to
suppose it was so; and I presumed I could sub-
mit my amendment, with a fair chance of having
it considered on its merits. If, however, it be
1 true that the two sides of the Chamber have com-
promised on the question, and that this bill is the
result of that compromise, I have no desire to
disturb it, any further than to express my reason
for voting .against it.
In the first place, I object to the boundary named
in the bill. This boundary cuts off a largo por-
tion of New Mexico, and annexes it to the new
Territory of Colorado. The portion thus cutoff
is New Mexican territory, ana formerly belonged
to the Republic of Mexico. The land titles are
derived from that Government; the inhabitants
are mostly Mexicans; they arc governed by Mex-
ican laws and usages entirely incompatible with
the laws that we are in the habit of making for
our own people; and I see no reason why they
should thus be separated. Besides that, there are
strong reasons why it should not be done. By
the laws of New Mexico that is slave territory.
Slavery exists there by law to-day. This is de-
taching that portion of slave territory, a piece of
country occupied by men of Mexican birth and
habits, entirely identified with New Mexico, and
not with the new Territory of Colorado, and at-
taching it to the new Territory of Colorado. What
is to bo the condition of that Territory by being
incorporated into Colorado ? Is the effect of this
bill to abolish slavery in part of the territory thus
cut off from New Mexico, and to make it free
territory ? Is that the compromise that has .been
made ? If so, so far as the question of slavery is
concerned, I do not feel disposed to interfere; but
I find, after it is thus cut off, a peculiar provision
is inserted that the Territorial Legislature shall
pass no law destroying the rights of private prop-
erty. What is the meaning of that? Does it mean
that the Territorial Legislature shall pass no law
whereby the right to hold slaves, according to the
laws of New Mexico, shall be abolished ? Is that
the objcct? Certainly there is some object in in-
serting that provision. The Senator from Mis-
souri had some object in putting that provision in
the bill. If it has been the result of a compro-
mise, by which the Republican side agreed that
this slave territory shall be incorporated into the
other Territory, and that the Territorial Legisla-
ture shall never exclude slavery from it—if that is
their agreement, I do not wish to interfere with it;
but I have a further objection to that clause. At
first, it struck me as harmless; but I have a fur-
ther objection. That clause, declaring that the
Territorial Legislature shall pass no law destruc-
tive of the rights of private property, deprives the
Territorial Legislature of the power of laying out
a road, a county road, a territorial road, a rail-
road, or any description of highway. They must
have the right to condemn private property for
public purposes, in order to be able to make means
of communication. It seems that, in your zeal to
deprive the Territorial Legislature of the power
of excluding slavery, you go so far as to deprive
them of the power of making roads of any kind
in that Territory.
Is this your purpose? I simply point it out;
and you may lot it stand as you please. Then
you have inserted a clause that there shall be no
discrimination in the rate of taxation between dif-„
ferent kinds of property. By that provision, you
have declared that this Territory shall never ex-
empt a homestead from taxation; shall never
exempt school property from taxation; shall never
exempt the property of agricultural societies from
taxation; shall make no discrimination whatever
in favor of the poor—a discrimination made by
every legislative body in Christendom, so far as
my information extends. If that is the objcct, be
it so I see that it has been compromised away.
For one, sir, I desire to leave the Territorial Le-
gislature full power over their domestic concerns,
to regulate them as they please, subject only to
the limitations of the Constitution of^the United
States, with the judiciary to ascertain\vhen they
violate the Constitution. That is what I desire
to do; but that is just what that Territorial Legis-
lature is prohibited from doing by this bill.
,Again, sir: I have had for several years to en-
counter much opposition to the Kansas-Nebraska
bill, on the ground that we would not allow the
people of the Territories to elect their own local
officers. I want to give gentlemen on the other
side of the House an opportunity to vote for such
a bill. I bring in a proposition that the people
may elect their own officers. There was a reason
why, when the Kansas-Nebraska bill was intro-
duced, that provision should not be in the bill.
Then, it was the policy to make the Governor of
a Territory the superintendent of Indian affairs.
Being superintendent of Indian affairs, he was a
Federal officer, and must be responsible to the
Federal Government. The secretary of the Ter-
ritory was a disbursing agent, a Federal officer;
the judges of the Territory %verc Federal officers,
so far as their Federal jurisdiction was concerncd,
and they had such territorial jurisdiction only as
the Legislature might confer on them. Since then,
the policy has become general on having a sepa-
rate superintendent, so that the Governor need
not be a Federal officer  "
The VICE PRESIDENT. Will the Senator
from Illinois pause ? It becomes the duty of the
Chair to call the attention of the Senate to the
special order.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I shall leave the subject in
a few minutes.
Mr. GREEN. I move that the special order
be passed over until we get through with this ques-
tion. I make that motion. ["Oh, no."] We
can soon get through.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. If it will take
but a short time, I shall not object.
Mr. GREEN. I think it will take but a short
time.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I wantbutamomentmore.
The VICE PRESIDENT. By general con-
sent, the Senator from Illinois may proceed.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Since these officers are no
longer Federal, my idea is to carry out the prin-
ciple which I then advocated, to allow the people
of the Territories to elect those of their officers
that are territorial and not Federal, and have the
President and Senate appoint only such as are
Federal and not. territorial in their duties. The
substitute which I have prepared makes that pro-
vision. First, it makes the territorial boundary
conform to the existing boundary. It is not liable
to the objection of raising the slavery question;
it is not liable to the objection that they cannot
exempt a homestead and other property. It is
not liable to the objection that it deprives them of
the power to condemn private property for roads
and other public purposes. The present bill is
liable to ail these olrections Having stated this,
' I waive any'objection on the ground of courtesy,
and leave the Senate to dispose of the question
as they see proper.
Mr. GREEN. Mr. President, I think that the
Senator from Illinois is a little unkind when he
says that he is not capable of calling up a bill and
passing it, under the circumstances under which
this passed. I suppose that he moved his amend-
ment for the purpose of having it thrown before
the country. He is very fond of courting popu-
lar attention, rather than attending to the legisla-
tion of the country. If I am mistaken, I ask his
pardon. When the bill was called up, and no
person proposed his amendment, as a matter of
course, we went through with it, and passed it;
and I do not think he ought to insinuate that
there has been any corrupt bargain or arrange-
ment or agreement between the different sides of
this Chamber. Honorable gentlemen have con-
ferred together, and they have concocted a bill
which is unexceptionable in all respects; and if
honorable gentlemen cannot do that, then I do not
know what legislators are sent here for. It is
better to meet together outside of the Senate in
the committee-rooms, and agree upon thecommon
features of a bill, than to come in here, and con-
sume time in debating it. I do not blame him for
moving his amendment, because I take it for
granted it meets his approbation. It does not
meet mine. I shall therefore vote against it. It
brings up what, if he had not moved it, I would
denominate the merest humbug that ever disgraced
the annals of Congress; but, as he moved it, I
will not thus denominate it.
Sir, this bill is plain and simple in all its fea-
tures. It brings up no exciting subject of dispute;
^ it stirs the passion of no section of the Union; it
simply gives organization—organism to a people
entitled to it. On the subject of the proposed
southern boundary of this Territory, cutting off
aportion of New Mexico, I must be permitted to
make this remark: that I thought it ought not to
be cut off; but at the same time I was compelled
to say that 1 thought so, simply from my desire
to please the Delegate of that Territory; and that
the proper division of the Territery required it to
cut off. It does not cut off five inhabitants, ac-
cording to my opinion, and not a single "nig-
ger." [Laughter.] The idea, therefore, of throw-
ing slave property into a new organization, where
it is doubtful whether it will be protected or not,
is " all in my eye." There is not a word of truth
in it. There is not a slave in it. I am told by
the Senator from New York there are only twen-
ty-four in the whole of New Mexico. Up there
around Fort Massachusetts, north of 37°, there is
not one single slave.
Mr. COLLAMER. Twenty-four is the num-
ber that appears by the ccnsus returns.
Mr. GREEN. I understand. Now, Mr. Pres-
ident, here are Union-loving and Union-saving
people petitioning and begging for 36° 30' to be
the line between the slave and non-slavebolding
territory. The line of this Territory is 37°. If
we are all so keen for 36° 30', when I agree to 37©
I surely am not doing very wrong. But one word
beyond that. This bill does not prohibit slavery
anywhere, and it does not establish slavery any-
where; it is a perfect carte blanche. It is without
expression on the subject either way. The Sena-
tor says that there is a very peculiar provision
put in there, " that no law shall be passed im-
pairing the rights of private property." If there
is not such a provision in every constitution in the
thirty-four States of this Union, I am deceived;
and if the Senator the other day did not say he
took no exception to that, I am deceived again;
but to-day he brings it up as a reason for a recon-
sideration. When he comes to the other point,
the discrimination in the different kinds of prop-
erty for taxation, I proved before, and I repeat
again, I copied it from his Washington territorial
bill and from his Oregon territorial bill. Can it
be so exceptional, can it be so objectionable-iii the
Colorado bill, when he himself put the same pro-
vision in the Washington territorial bill and in
the Oregon territorial bill? The truth is, it is a
labored effort to find something to complain about,
when the thing is right, true, just, and proper in
itself.
Now, as to the other point, about electing terri-
torial officers by the people, I must make this
remark: I opposed it always, when we had a Dem-
ocratic Administration, and when the appoint-
