1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
merits were to be made by Democratic Presidents.
I oppose it now, although I know Mr. Lincoln is
to make the appointments. I will treat him just
exactly as I would wish to be treated if I were in
his place, and precisely as I would wish Mr. Buch-
anan to be treated when he occupies his position
as the chief executive officer of this Government.
Lmake no distinction. Let the officers go; and
if they violate the law, if they neglect their duty,
if they violate the Constitution, I will hold them
to a strict accountability; arraign them in the
Senate; impeach them; but to care for the patron-
age or the selection of friends, I will not. The
President, whoever he may be, has aright to have
the patronage, and he ought to have it; and this
attempt to dodge that right of appointment by say-
ing the people may elect these officers—making
an independent State which is not a member of
the Union—1 will never consent to.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I have only a few words to
say in reply to the Senator from Missouri. The
Senator thinks I was unkind in referring to the
unfairness of taking this bill up in my absence.
I should not have made the reference at all, but
for the objection that was made to the reconsid-
eration in my presence afterwards. But I will off-
set that unkmdncss against his very great polite-
ness ni assuming that I had offered an amendment,
not for a practical purpose, not to be voted upon
by the Senate, but for effect in the country. If
he thinks there is argument or courtesy or de-
cency in such allusions, he is entitled to them.
He will find that I offered it in good faith, and
wanted a vote upon it. In regard to his ciy of
" humbug !"agamsttheproposition that the peo-
ple of a Territory shall elect those officers which
are territorial and not Federal in their duties, I can
only say that it applies to his allies over there, as
well as to me; and that, in the substitute I have
proposed, I followed the model of the first terri-
torial bill ever passed by the Congress of the Con-
federation.
Now, sir, I have only another word to say on
this question. Those boundaries, in my opinion,
are wrong, because they divide New Mexico.
Whether any of the negro slaves returned by the
census are in that part of the Territory or not, I
do not know, nor docs he; honce he cannot assert,
with any more knowledge of the truth, that they
are not within that part of the Territory, than I
can that they are. 1 do not know, nor does he.
It is slave territory by law; and then there is a
provision in this territorial bill, that they shall
not destroy private property. Now, sir, if the
provision was not intended to apply to the slavery
question, what is it put there for? The Senator
is mistaken in supposing that there is the same
provision in the State constitutions. The provis-
ion of the State constitutions is, that private prop-
erty shall not be taken for public uses without fall
compensation, if he will put in that clause, he
will bring it within some known principle of legis-
lation. But here is a provision that private prop-
erty shall not be taken for any purpose, with or
without compensation. What is it put there for?
The Senator from Ohio says, " compromise."
Here permit me to remark that the Senator from
Missouri was a little unjust in saying that 1 had
insinuated there had been a corrupt bargain and
compromise between the two sides of the Cham-
ber. I made no such insinuation. The Senator
from Ohio said the provision in the bill was the
resultof compromise. I commented on hisstate-
nient, and declared that I had no knowledge of it
before. I did not say that the compromise was
corrupt; that it wasdishonorable; thatitwasun-
patriotic. I did not characterize it. He charac-
terized it as corrupt. It does not strike me that a
compromise in legislation is a corruptunderstand-
ing at all; but it is very proper and very just that
conflicting opinions should be compromised in a
mode honorable alike to all the parties. I will
enter into a compromise on any of those matters
with men of opposite parties for the public good
and with the view to harmony in legislation. I
might have hestitated, if I had known it was the
result of a compromise, in procuring a motion to
reconsider to be made; and T only referred to it
in that light. But I do not wish to occupy time.
My reasons for opposing the bill are now before
the Senate, and 1 leave the question to be decided
by them.
Mr. WADE. I do not wish to prolong this
debate a moment, sir. I said that this bill was
the result of a compromise. I undoubtedly stated
that fact rather stronger than it really was. I sup-
pose it is well known to the Senate and the coun-
try that the two sides of this Chamber differ on
the provisions of these territorial bills. It hap-
pened that neither of us could organize the Ter-
ritory upon the principles we hold; and yet it was
very essential, as it was proved to us, that there
should be a territorial government for the people
of Pike's Peak. There are some thirty-four thou-
sand people there, who have no law, no organized
government. The different sides of this Chamber
could not agree in carrying out the principles that
they contend for. The one side intended to make
the Territory slave territory; and the other con-
tended that there should be a prohibition of sla-
very in the territorial bill. Finally, we agreed
informally; there was nothing like a compromise;
there was no formality about it; but we talked the
subject over, and both sides, feeling the necessity
of having a territorial organization there, agreed
that there should be nothing said about slavery
in the territorial organization, one way or the
other, and the bill was framed with that view. It
conformed to the usual course of legislation upon
this subject. So far as I know, the bill is precisely
like all other territorial bills, with this exception:
that it says nothing about the institution of sla-
very. We agreed on both sides that we would
report it, and permit it to be passed by the Senate
in that shape. We have passed it without contro-
versy. I was very glad that one thing had passed
here without any violent debate on this subject.
The bill has gone to the House of Representatives;
and I hope they will concur in it.
But the Senator is now troubled with his old
complaint. He is a great compromiser. I am
not much of a compromiser; but neverthless, as
this measure seemed so equitable, there being so
little to be sacrificed on either side, we thought
wc might do it peaceably, without detriment to
anybody or any section. The Senate have agreed
to it, and now the Senator says it is all wrong,
because wo leave the officers of the Territory to
be appointed by the President and the Senate.
He has all at once discovered that the people
ought to elect all theirofficers. Sir, that isa new
conversion. I can remember when he was very
much opposed to that principle. When we or-
ganized the Territory of Kansas, he will find that
his votes were every time against the principle
that the people should elect their judges, their
Governor, and the rest of their officers. I agree
that 1 voted then, under the circumstances, to give
the people that power, for the reason that I had
no confidence in your Executive—not a particle.
Under like circumstances, I would do so again.
But having confidence now in the appointing
power in this Territory, I am willing that you
should follow the old rule according to the prece-
dents of the country at all times. If the Senator,
bccause the politics of the appointing power are
changed, has changed his principle, I have no
complaint to make; and if he puts it upon that
ground, I have not one word to say, for I act
upon that, and I avow it.
Now, sir, I do not wish to prolong this debate.
As the Senator has waived his point of courtesy,
I do not suppose he wishes me to withdraw the
call for the yeas and nays on the motion to recon-
sider; and the opposition I make now 
Mr. DOUGLAS. I am willing to take the yeas
and nays on that as a test question.
Mr. WADE. Very well. If be had not waived
the point of courtesy, I should have felt bound
to withdraw the call for the yeas and nays, and
permit the question to be taken on the amend-
ment he offered. I have no more to say.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I have but a word to say,
sir, in reply to the innuendo that I am governed by
party feeling in the provision that officers might
be elected by the people, instead of appointed by
the Executive. I repel the insinuation. The rec-
ord will prove, clearly, that I was not. At the
time to which the Senator refers, th^ reason i as-
signed for not making the officers then elective,
was, that they had Federal duties; that the bill, ;
as drawn by myself, made all the officers elective, 1
whose duties were exclusively territorial, and not
Federal. Since then the system has been changed, !
so as to take from those officers their Federal du- j
ties; and I propose now, by my amendment to ]
this bill, that those officers shall be elected by the j
people whose duties in the Territories are not j
Federal; and those only shall be appointed by
the Executive whose duties-are Federal, and not
territorial.
Thus much upon that point, I am not willing
to acknowledge that I act upon the principle—1
never have, and never will—that I will give pa-
tronage to an Administration with whom I agree
in politics and withhold it from one of an oppo-
site party. 1 am surprised to find, after all that
has been said on that side of the Chamber about
their attachment to principle on these territorial
bills, that it. was only'because they were out of
power, and those principles are to be abandoned
the moment they are in power. We are now told
that their principles were good only while they
were in the minority; and that when they have the
majority, they can yield to the executive power of
this Government to produce that resul% which it
was necessary to have done by law under an op-
posite Administration, Sir, 1 desire to deprive
this Government of the power of having any Fed-
eral policy in regard to the politics of the Terri-
tories. I gave notice before the presidential elec-
tion that I would conform my territorial action to
this principle. In the Senate at the last session,
and m my addresses before the people, I gave
notice that inasmuch as the Federal duties were
taken from these officers, I would propose to make
them elective by the people. I am an advocate of
this principle, irrespective of the success of any
party at the election. Now we are told that one
principle is to prevail under a Republican Admin-
istration, and a different one under a Democratic
Administration.
Mr. WILSON. I think, sir, the Senator from
Illinois is unjust towards us on this side of the
Chamber in the remarks that he has just made
I think he has no foundation upon which to rest
the charge that we intend to change our policy
now that we are coming into power.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I thought the word of the
Senator from Ohio was good foundation for what
I said. He avowed it.
Mr. WADE. I ask what thatt( word" of mine
was ?
Mr. DOUGLAS. That you were m favor of
having them elected by the people, and opposed 9
to executive appointments when there was a
Democratic Administration, in which you had no
confidence; but that you were in favor of appoint-
ing them by the President under the Administra-
tion of your own party, in which you had confi-
dence.
Mr. WADE. I said no such thing. 1 said my
former vote was founded upon a want of confi-
dence in that Executive. I did not say anything
about his politics. There might be Democratic
Presidents that I would have confidence in; but •
I should scrutinize them pretty closely first.
[Laughter.]
Mr. DOUGLAS. That is a substantial avowal
that the Senator would allow an Administration
in which ho had confidence—meaning one in
whose policy he had confidence—to appoint the
officers; but when his own party went out of
power, and an Administration that he had not con-
fidence in came in, then he would deprive them
of the power of appointing the officers. I think,
therefore, the Senator from Massachusetts will
withdraw the charge that I have been unkind to
that side of the Chamber.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, I do not thinlc
I can withdraw the charge altogether, although
it is somewhat modified. [Laughter.] But, sir,
I wish to say for myself that I have been, and I
now am, in favor of allowing the people of the
Territories to elect their own officers; and I will
vote for such a bill whenever it is introduced into
this body, be the Administration Democratic, be
it one in which I have no confident e, or be it Re-
publican, in which I have confidence. I will vote
to diminish the patronage of the Picsident of the
United States whenever I can properly do it.
I do not see the necessity of bringing up this
issue here upon this measure. This bill for the
organization of the Territory of Colorado had a
provision in it to which the Senator from Illinois
called our attention. 1 moved to strike it out. It
was not stricken out. I thought then it ought to
be out of the bill. I think so now. After the dis-
cussion then the bill went over, and it was called
up the other day and oassed during the absence
of the Senator from Illinois. I had paid no atten-
tion to his amendment. I am not aware that 1
