1861.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
185
46th Cong....2d Sess.
State-of the Union—Mr. Davis.
Ho. ob Reps.
the value to their owner, and have the privilege
of suing the county or district permitting the res-
cue, for the amount. Sir, this is to perpetuate,
and not to close the slavery controversy. The
only effect of the adoption of such an amendment
of the Constitution would be, to make this Hall
every session, on every bill to pay for negroes
rescued, the scene of fierce strife upon the very
subject of slavery. Another objection is equally
fatal. It brings the United States into direct col-
lision with an organized political division of a
State, which the Constitution of the United States
was most carefully devised to avoid. The right
of action against a county for so harsh a cause,
could scarcely be enforced by any process known
to the law. Success would itself cause great dis-
content among large masses of people; and re-
sistance to their execution could only be removed
by armed force. In other words, the amendment
prepared by the minority of the committee would
plunge us heroiinto the perpetual discussion of the
slavery question, and would require the Govern-
ment to enforce against communities, numerous
and powerful and innocent, responsibilities for
acts which they have not done, but have only failed
to prevent,
The bill reported by the majority^ the com-
mittee is very different in its purposes and in its
policy. It assumes that the law for the rendition
of fugitive slaves ought to be so modified as not
to give cause or pretext for the fears which it has
occasioned at the North, and then, when that
exciting cause of discontent is removed, the law
can be executed. The danger which the northern
people feel is, that their own free resident eolored
people may, under summary process, be arrested,
earned off, and sold into slavery. The law of
1850 provides no remedy for cases of that sort.
We propose that where there is a claim of free-
dom the negro shall be surrendered to the marshal
of the United States, and carried back to the slave
State from which he is ascertained to have come,
and there shall have the privilege of a trial before
acourtof the United Stales in that State. A trial
there cannot be objected to by southern gentle-
men ; northern gentlemen ought to be satisfied
that his claim to freedom, brought in a formal and
pul^ic manner before a judicial tribunal of the
united States, will be decided according to its
merits. Surely no one can hesitate between the
cumbersome and anomalous plan of the minority
and the simple and just bill of the majority of the
committee.
The next subject is that of the Territories. Mr.
Speaker, it is certainly marvelous that, having
settled this very question touching this very Ter-
ritory, by Mr. Clay's acts in 1850, and no inter-
mediate law having been passed by anybody, ex-
cepting the law of J854, repealing the Missouri
compromise, so as to allow slavery to go north of
the line of 36°30', the South having boasted of
the laws of 1850 as their triumph, and every party
m the country having pledged itself to stynd by
them,—it is of all things most strange that we are
now told that this Union cannot endure unless
those laws themselves are repealed; and the very
pi incipie of the Missouri compromise, so far as it
was objected to by the South—that js, the exclu-
sion of slavery beyond the line, which they de-
nounced as unequal—shall be not only restore J,
but ingrafted forever on the Constitution of the
United States. It was denounced and branded by
southern men all through the debate which re-
sulted in its repeal, as a badge of inferiority, a
mark of inequality, a stain of dishonor to the
South. And now they demand that it shall be re-
stored, not by a temporary act of legislation, but
by the sanction of the people m the supreme law
of the land. A more flagrant, inexplicable, unin-
telligible case of capricious inconsistency is un-
known to history. Rut, sir, the gentlemen who
assume to speak for the South have changed their
notions of equality and honor, and, of course, the
world must change, too. The proposal is made,
on the part of the minority of the committee, that
there shall be a division of territory; and all that the
region north of 36° 30' shall be dedicated to free-
dom, and in all the region south, to Cape Horn,
slavery of the African race is " hereby rccognized
as existing51—existing over the whole of Mexico
—overall the regions of Central America, skipping
Brazil,! suppose, where slavery already exists,
and goingdownto the extremest regions of South
America by virtue of our Constitution.
Now, Mr. Speaker, the gentlemen who pro-
posed that ought to know something of the his-
tory of the last few years, at least; and if there is
one thing which ought to be understood as abso-
lutely impossible, it is ever to get a law through
this House, or even through the Senate, by a
simple majority, establishing slavery in any inch
of territory where it docs not already exist. Be
it right or be it wrong, be it liberal or be it illib-
eral, every gentleman here must know that that
is one of the things which are impossible. But
in what method do the gentlemen of the minority
propose to do this? By a constitutional amend-
ment, requiring two thirds of this House—where
it could not get one third—and two thirds of the
Senate; and when it has gone through these im-
possible ordeals, it has to go before the people of
the United States, and get, not two thirds, but
three fourths of the Legislatures of the several
States. .Scale the heavens, if you please, without
wings; pass the abyss which divides Heaven
from Hell; but do not talk abouta thing like this.
And what in the mean time, Mr.Speaker? Agi-
tation, violence, recrimination, not merely on the
question of the policy of slavery, but compelling
the northern people, whether they will or not, to
go into the very question of its merits, moral and
religious, not leaving them where they are will-
ing to leave you—as they have said over and over
again—within the impassable barriers of the Con-
stitution of the United Status, made tenfold higher
and tenfold stronger by the provision of the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, [Mr Adams;] but
asking the people of the North to declare that
they have been hypocritical in their opinion—that
African slavery is not merely impolitic, but im-
moral, a thing which they ought not to sanction;
to reverse all their judgment on that subject, and
themselves ingiaitin the Constitution a'doctnne
which you accuse them ot hating so eternally, that
they aiestruggling to destroy it illegally and un-
constitutionally. You ask them to save and pro-
tect that very thing which, for two years past, you
have stood heie and denounced them for intend-
ing to destroy, by exciting servile war; by in-
sidious appeals to the non-slaveholdmg white peo-
ple of the South; by the hands of such incendiaries
as John Brown. In the midst of these appeals,
while their echo is still ringing in my ears, while
I have before me the scenes that 1 witnessed last
year on that side of the House, when men, raging
and funous as the levolutionary assemblies in .
France, hurled the epithets 14 traitor" and " in-
cendiary" against their equals from the free States
thick as arrows in a Parthian battle-field, gentle-
men now ask those very men to whom such opin-
ions have been imputed to turn round and forget
all; and, as honest men, conciliatory men, wise
men, do the very thing which they have told you
for the last eighty years they could not m their
consciences do.
Very different is the mode of disposing of the
Territory that has been fallen upon by the ma-
jority of the committee, anxious to remove the
pretext for contentions and striving, as far as they
could, to avoid the difficulties in the plan de-
manded of them, and that in no conciliatory tone,
but with the air of dictating an ultimatum. They
propose this: all the territory now held by the
united States, south of 36°30',is the Territory of
New Mexico, extending a little north of it. In
that Territory, under the law of 1850, which is
now so fiercely assailed, the people, within one
year, have themselves adopted a slave code as
rigorous as any in existence m any of the south-
ern States. The law of 1850 secured to that peo-
ple the right to admission into the Union with or
without slavery, as their constitution might pro-
vide. With eminent liberality, m mere execu-
tion, and not in repeal of that law, the gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Adams]—whose posi-
tion on the subject of slavery all the world knows—
as if to put forever to silence imputations of any
design in any portion of the northern people to
invade the lights of the South, comes forward
now and proposes to pass a law creating New
Mexico a State. If it see fit to adopt slavery, then
it will be a slave State. If it see fit to forbid it,
then it will be a free State. In either event, it
removes the subject of controversy. In either
event, it puts it beyond the power of any one to
touch this domestic institution, by constitutional
guarantees as irrepealable, as unchangeable as the
minority demand. That would remove the con-
troversy from Congress, not by a compromise,
but by removing the whole subject from Con-
gress and the people forever, by a simple majority
of this House and of the other House, and the
signature of the President, leaving the whole sub-
ject in controversy to be decided, as southern
gentlemen must see it must ultimately be decided,
by the constitution of New Mexico.
If I am correctly informed by the gentleman
who has so honorably represented that Territory
here, the people are likely to require a decision
themselves within a year; proceedings are now
pending before the Legislature for the purpose of
asking their recognition. I ask, therefore, whether
it is not wise, before w*b have still further revolu-
tionary complications forced upon us, to tell them
at once to form their constitution, and thus take
away the subject of the controversy now and for-
ever. With regard to the other portion of the
Territory, northern gentlemen ask no exclusion
of slavery by law or constitution. The perpetual
imputation is that they arcfor prohibition every-
where. South Carolina has elevated that to a
chief place in her travesty of the Declaration of
Independence. During the two months that we
have been here, no gentleman heard such a thing
urged as a proposal to exclude slavery from the
northern portion of the Territory. If I am rightly
informed, the Senate, by a Republican majority,
has, within the last two days, passed a bill organ-
izing the western portion of Kansas as a Terri-
tory,and there is not ono word in it on the subjcct
of slavery; so that the proposition of the gentle-
man from Massachusetts is to place the slavery
question beyond the possible reach of Congress
south of 36° 30', and in the residue to leave it to
the administration of the law. He says:
'• We all agroe as to what that law is. We will not at-
tempt to change it by legislation. And as you desiie the
bouthcrn poition of it sctapsutlbi your patrimony, in Uod's
name take it, and let us be at peace.;J
Any man who is not wholly blind to the great
interests at stake, would accept such an offer as
that as an eternal adjustment, not only in spirit,
but in fact, of this whole controversy. After that,
no imputation of a desire on the part of the North
to interfere with slavery ought to pass southern lips
Sir, I know that these propositions will be re-
ceived with a shrug of the shoulders and a sug-
gestion that they are not satisfactory, by gentle-
men of the South. But, sir, I tell them that if
they do not satisfy them, they will satisfy the
people; and that they will find out before they are
many months older. The great State of Virginia
has told them, within the last three days, that the
heart of the people of the Commonwealth still
beats true to this Union; and though they may
for a moment be deluded, they cannot be forced
into revolutionary violence for the difference be-
tween the measures of the majority and the minor-
ity of the committee.
If their Representatives here, or at Richmond,
or in their unconstitutional convention, called for
unconstitutional purposes, shall, after the adop-
tion of these proposals, venture to advise resort
to revolution, they will speak to deaf ears and
hard hearts. I do not envy the lot of any one
who advocates an ordinance of secession on such
grounds. I think ho will meet with small favor,
who, rather than create New Mexico a State,
presents to the people of Virginia the awful alter-
native of tearing down the fabric built up by our
fathers, of making war upon their northern breth-
ren, of blotting out the great memories of the past,
of striking out their star from the galaxy of this
great Confederacy, formed under the auspices of
Washington, to become the small sun of a sec-
ondary constellation, dependent on the caprice of
greater Powers for justice and safety. 1 am un-
der no delusion about the meanings of the vote in
Virginia. I think the failure of these measures
will cieatc senous disappointment, and gravely
aggravate existing discontents; but I am confident
that, however politicians may regard them, they
will be hailed with delight by the great mass of
the people of Virginia, as well as of the other cen-
tral slave States, and will strip the enemies of the
United States of all power for mischief.
