184
APPENDIX TO THE "CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 1,
36th Cong. ... 2d Sess.
State of the Union—Mr. Davis.
Ho. op Reps.
But, sir, there is one State I can speak for, and
that is the State of Maryland. [Applause in the
galleries.] Confident in the strength of this great
Government to protect every interest, grateful for
almost a century of unalloyed blessings, she has
fomented no agitation; she has done no act to dis-
turb the public peace; she has rested in the con-
sciousness that, if there be wrong, the Congress
of the United States will remedy it; and that none
exists which revolution would not aggravate.
Mr. KUNKEL rose.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I decline to yield
the floor.
Mr. KUNKEL. The gentleman says he speaks
for the State of Maryland. [Cries of " Order!"]
I desire to be heard. [Shouts of" Ordor !"]
Mr. GROW The gentleman from Maryland
declines to yield,and I hope he will bo permitted
to proceed. *
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mary-
land cannot be intenrupted if he declines to yield,
Mr. KUNKEL. X hope my colleague will
allow me to say 
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I decline to yield
the floor.
Mr. KUNKEL. i deny the right of the gen-
leman to speak for Maryland Let him speak
for himself only.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. Mr. Speaker, I
represent here the fourth congressional district ot
Maryland only; but though 1 am not elected by
the State of Maryland, I am entitled to speak
here; and I will speak what I know to be the sen-
timents of Maryland, [Applause on the floor
and in the galleries.]
Mr. BARR. It is time that these disturbances
should be put an end to. I see men upon this
floor who are strangers to me, who aio here by
the courtesy of the House, stumping and clap-
ping their hands. I give notice that, if the dis-
turbance is repeated, I will move to clear the gal-
leries and the floor, of those who are not entitled
to admission here under the rules of the House.
Mr. GROW. The gentleman from Maryland
is entitled to the floor, and it cannot be taken*
from him by the gentleman from New Yoik.
The SPEAKER The gentleman from Mary-
land will proceed.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I hope those who
are in the galleries will not, by any audible dem-
onstration, mark their approval or disapproval of
what 1 may say.
Mr. Speaker, I am here this day to speak, and
I say that 1 do speak for the people of Maryland,
who are loyal to the United States, and that when
my judgment is contested, I appeal to the people
for 'its accuracy, and I am ready to maintain it
before them. [Great applause.]
Mr. KUNKEL. I am ready to meet you here
and to-day.
Mr. WINSLOW. I think it is time to stop this
applause in the galleries. I call upon the Speaker
to enforce the rule.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will enforce the
rule, and endeavor to preserve order. He an-
nounces that neither applause in the galleries nor
on the floor of the House can be permitted. Re-
luctant as he would be to take such a step, if gen-
tlemen do not desist from these manifestations of
applause, he will be compelled to order the gal-
leries to be cleared.
Mr. SPINNER- I want to say that there has
never been any objection on the other side of the
House when treason has been applauded; but
when patriotism is applauded, then they raise their
objections.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. 1 do not yield the
floor.
Mr. WINSLOW. I have the right to take the
floor upon a point of order.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. Has not the gen-
tleman stated his question of order?
Mr. WINSLOW. I have.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. And the Speaker
has decided it; now I hope I shall not be inter-
rupted.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mary-
land will proceed.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. In Maryland we
are dull, and cannot comprehend the right of se-
cession. We do not recognise the right to make
a revolution by a vote. We do not recognize the
right of Maryland to repeal the Constitution of
the United States; and if any convention there,
called by whatever authority, under whatever
auspices, undertake to inaugurate revolution in
Maryland, their authority will be resisted and
defied in arms on the soil of Maryland, in the
name and by the authority of the Constitution of
the United States.
Mr, KUNKEL. Will the gentleman inaugu-
rate it now? [Cries of "order !"]
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mary-
land on the right [Mr. Kunkel] will observe the
rules of the House. His colleague is entitled to
the floor, and declines to be interrupted.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. A majority have
no more right than a minority. The right of a
majority is a constitutional, not a natural right.
For the destruction of the Constitution they can
have no right. The whole mass of .the nation
alone has the right to alter the fundamental law,
by common consent. The right of resistance to
oppression attaches to the oppressed, whether a
majority or a minority of a State, a country, or a
nation; and success vindicates the right. The
assumption of the revolutionary bodies to bind
the people of a State by the formalities of a vote
is as ridiculous as it is impotent; their law di-
recting the vote is a nullity; and the result ex-
presses the will only of those who concur in it.
If, by the usurpation, they can beat down domes-
tic opposition, ond defy the United States, they
vindicate their right by power; if they fail, they
pay the penalty^of iaiiuro. We, in Maryland,
will submit to no attempt of a minority or a ma-
jority to drag us from under the flag of the Union.
The committee of thirty-three have carefully con-
sidered the proposed restrictions on the change of
certain articles in the Constitution of the United
States.
The minority propose to prohibit by amend-
ment, the abolition of slavery in the forts, dock-
yards, and District of Columbia, and of the slave
trade between the slave States; and to make those
prohibitions, and also the articles touching the
ratio of representation and fugitives from labor,
unchangeable.
But no party from any quarter now proposes
to touch them; and the committee thought a sim-
ple declaration of that fact more satisfactory and
i prudent, than to open the agitation by asking
three fourths of the States to agree not to do what
no one proposes to do. Those topics arc agi-
tated, not at the North, but at the South, and
merely for political effect.
But the question of the immunity of slavery in
the States is very dilfeient. It exists by State
authority. When established, the Constitution
guaranties it. And the impression having been
studiously made on the minds of the people of the
slavcholdmg States, that the North design, at
some future time, to destroy slavery, the majority
of the committee propose to quiet forever that
apprehension, and anew to consecrate the prin-
ciple of State rights in internal matters, by for- (
bidding any change in the Constitution affecting j
slavery in the States. 1 j
That guaiantee, as proposed by the gentleman !
fiom Massachusetts, [Mr. Adams,] in my judg- i
menr, is more ample and more satisfactory than !
the corresponding proposition offered by the mi- j
noritjr. They pioposn that no alteration of the j
Constitution shall be made authorizing Congress '
to abolish slavery. The proposition of the gen- j
tleman from Massachusetts is, that there shall be
no amendment affecting the relation of persons j
held to labor within a State at all, whether di- .
rectly through the Constitution, or indirectly I
through the Congress, unless by the consent of
all the States, and upon motion of a slave State.
So that, with extreme astuteness, the amendment
of the gentleman from Massachusetts guards
against that which is roally our greatest evil, the
beginning of agitation for the purpose of varying
the Constitution in this respect. The motion can
only be made by a slave State. No free State can
ever open the question of the repeal or change ot
that aiticlc of the Constitution. I submit, there-
fore, that the report ot the majority in that respect
is far more satisfactory than that of the minority.
The failure to suriemler fugitives ftom justice,
when the crime is connected with slavery, has
been a topic of endless crimination. Tho report
of the minority refers to the complaint. But not
only does it propose no remedy, but actually
passes in silence the very important bill of the
majority of the committee, effectually ending the
controversy by transferring from the executive
of the State to the judiciary of the United States,
thepoweranddutyof makingthesurrender. This
is a step in the right direction—resuming by the
United States the right to administer its own laws,
and freeing itself from all dependence on State
officers whom it cannot contiol
There are, Mr. Speaker, other complaints men-
tioned by the minority of the committee, for which
they have proposed no remedy. We have seen
what remedies they propose. And they think
the adoption of their propositions ought to give
peace and quiet to the country. Yet there are
other topics treated in their report quite as signifi-
cant as those; other grounds of discontent and
apprehension, for which the minority have pro-
posed no remedy, against which they ask no
guarantee. The causes of complaint left without
rediess are vastly more important than those cov-
ered by the enactments proposed. They are
wholly unaffected by them; yet the minority of
the committee, while devoting whole pages to the
development of dangers and outrages consum-
mated or apprehended, leave them without any
suggestion for redress or protection. They think
" the object aimed at can be accomplished by the
adoption of the scries of amendments to the Con-
stitution rejected by the committee., and now re-
ported to the House;" that " they afford such a
basis of an adjustment as they would all cheer-
fully accept, with a strong conviction that, if the
proposed amendments were adopted by the north-
ern States, harmony and peace would be restored
to our people.55
Sir, nothing in legislative history is more in-
structive than these declarations, compared with
the narrative of wrongs and apprehensions which
precede them, and the remedies which I have
enumerated.
They have complained that the right of transit
is refused; yet there is no proposal that it be
granted.
The gentleman from Louisiana [Mr. Taylor]
heads the list of wrongs in his report witlfe the
refusal to protect slaves on the ocean and in foreign
countries. I presume, to the extent of interna-
tional law, they are now so protected; but whether
they are or not, that was not apparently consid-
ered of sufficient importance to justify any recom-
mendation on the subject, and tlie complaint
merely swells the list of irritative topics.
The minority bitterly complain of the northern
hostility to slavery, the circulation of incendiary
pamphlets, the perpetual appeal through the pul-
pit and the press, the never-ceasing activity of the
Abolition societies, and the doctrine of the nre-
pressive conflict so much invoked during the last
few years, for the purpose and with the effect of
heating the public mind. If these complaints be
true—if they are the causes of the present discon-
tent—if they have shaken the security ol southern
society, then how can peace and harmony be re-
stored by measures which have no relation to the
cause of discontent and apprehension? If they
have caused the excitement which threatens the
integrity of the Government, how is it that gen-
tlemen, after enumerating the grievance, propose
to rest content without redress ? No guarantee of
slavery will silence agitation, or the pulpit, or the
press, or incendiary publications, or incitements
to revolt, or the organized invasion of States.
Yet, so important is this topic considered, that one
of the gentlemen who signed the minority re-
port, in default of adequate proof, argued the in-
eradicable hostility of the North to slavery, and
their resolution to exterminate it in spite of every
constitutional guarantee—even those which would
" restore peace and harmony to our people"—be-
cause their party platforms opposed it, and they
were honorable men, and therefore must, in the
face of their disclaimers and denials, and of the
very declarations of the platform itself, consist-
ently go on and—despite the Constitution and
contrary to its provisions—attempt to breakup the
relation of master and slave in the slave States.
Mr. Speaker, I suppose that if, as the gentle-
man who made that argument said, they are hon-
orable men, then of course their word is to be
