THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF COxNTGllESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Tiiirtt-Sixth Congress, 2d Session.
FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 8, 1861.
New Series No. 49.
Hero we find Wade and Seward and Davis, and
the whole cornmittee, with the exception of two,
in favor of amending the Constitution so that the
institution of slavery cannot be interfered with
in the States, making that provision irrepealable
by any number of States that may come into the
Confederacy. Who were " allies " then ?
But, Mr. President, recurring to what I said
yesteiday, there are two parties in this country
that want to break up the Government. Who
are they? The nullifiers proper of the South, the
secessionists, or disunionists—for I use them all
as synonymous terms. There is a portion of them
who, per se, desire the disruption of the Govern-
ment for purposes of their own aggrandizement.
I do not charge upon them that they want to
breakup the Governmentfor the purpose of affect-
ing slavery; yet I charge that the breaking up of
the Government would have that effect; the result
would be the same. Who else is for breaking
up this Government? I refer to some bad men in
the North. There is a set of men there who are
called Abolitionists, and they want to break up
the Government. They are disunionists; they are
secessionists; they are nullifiers. Sir, the Ab-
olitionists and the distinguished Senator from
Mississippi and his party both stand in the same
attitude, to attain the same end, a dissolution of
this Union; the one party believing that it will
result in their own aggrandizement South, and the
other bel evin£ that it will result in the overthrow
of the institution of slavery. Who ore the dis-
unionists of the North? Who are the " allies " of
the distinguished Senator from Mississippi? We
find that a resolution was adopted at the anniver-
sary of the Massachusetts Anti-Slavery Society,
convened m Boston, in these words:
" Resolved, That the one great i<sue before the country
is the dissolution of the Union, in comparison with which
ail other issues with the slave power are as dust m the bal-
ance: theietore we give ourselves to the work of annulling
this covenant with death, as* essential to oui own inno-
cency, and the speedy and everlasting overthrow of the
slave system."
This resolution was passed by the Abolition
anti-slavery society of Massachusetts. They
think a dissolution of the Union would result
in the destruction of slavery, and absolve them
from this " covenant with death," and attest their
irinocency, as far as the Government is concerned.
On that, we find that Mr. Wendell Phillips made
the following remarks:
" I entnelv accord with the sentiments of that last re«o-
lution. I think all we have to do is to prepare the public
mind by the daily and houtly presentation of the doctrine
of d win ion. Events which, fortunately toi u-<, the Govern-
ment itself, and other pai ties, are producing with unexam-
pled rapidity, Jie oui beat aid.'"
Again: in reply to a remark made by Mr. Gid-
dings, respecting the dissolution of the Union, the
Boston Liberator says:
"Mr. G'ddmgs says truly, that the dissolution of the Union
lias Ions been held up a scare-ciow by the South ; but
when he adds that the friends of liberty never demanded
it, his statement is untrue, unless he means to confine it
to his political associates, who are but compromisers at
la^t. We demand nothing short of a dissolution, absolute
and immediate. The Union winch was founded by our
fathers, u as cemented by the blood of the slave, and eficcted
through his immolation."
And still further: William Lloyd Garrison, at
a Fouith of July celebration, at Framingham,
Massachusetts, declared:
" Let u^. then, to-day, rejecting as wild and chimeral all
suffse&tions, piopo-itions, arid contrivances for restraining
slavery m its present limits, while extending constitu-
lionaf piotection lo it in fifteen of the .States, register our
pledge anew hefote Heaven and the world, that we will do
what in us hes to elieet the eternal overthrow of this blood-
stained IJnio.i; that thus our enslaved countrymen may
find a -ine deliverance, and we may no longer be answer-
able loi their blood."
The Union is to be overthrown by way of get-
ting clear of the "great sin of slavery." Mr.
J. L>. Svva&sey, on the same occasion, said:
'Mn the olden tunes, 1 was what was called an anti-
s!:u erv Wiiijr; hut, Mr. President, it has come to my mind,
like a conviction, that it i> utterly in vain to hope that we
can live tinder such a Government as this.with our ptofes-
sions. arid with our pretended love of Ireedom and right.
Wli\ the tiling is impossible. Tlieie cannot, in the nature
of thni<^. be anv union between the principles of liberty
49
and slavery. There never has been any union, except by
the subjugation of the principles of liberty to those ot des-
potism. For one, sit, 1 believe that the duty of every true
man is to take the ground of secession."
Again: Wendell Phillips,in a speech at Boston
on the 20th of January, argued that disunion was
desirable, because it would abolish slavery. He
also argued that the North^would gain by dis-
union, and used the following language:
Sacrifice everything for the Union? Godforbid! Sac-
lifice everything to keep South Carolina in it? Rather
build" a bruise of gold, and pay her toll over it. Let her
march off with banners and t  umpeis, and we will speed the
parting guests. Let her not stand upon the order of her
going, but go at once. Give her the/orts and arsenals and
sub-treasuiies, ami lend her jewels of silver and gold, and
Egypt will rejoice that she lias departed."
He looks upon disunion as the beginning of the
destruction and overthrow of the institution of
slavery. Then, when wecome to talk about "al-
lies,"whose alliesare these gentlemen? Whose
allies are the Abolitionists of the North, if they
are not the allies of the secessionists and disun-
ionists of the South? Are they not all laboring
and toiling to accomplish the same great end, the
overthrow of this great nation of ours? Their
object is the same. They are both employing,
to some extent, the same means. Here is Wen-
dell Phillips; here is Garrison; here is the anti-
slavery society of Massachusetts; and all, in the
very same point of view, the allies of the distin-
guished Senator fiom Mississippi and his coad-
jutors; all in favor of disrupting and breaking
down this Union, with the view of destroying the
institution of slavery itself. " Allies laboring to
destroy the Government!" Who else are labor-
ing to destroy it but the disunionists and seces-
sionists of the South, and Garrison and Phillips,
and the long list that might be enumerated at the
North? Here they stand, presenting an unbroken
front, to destroy this glorious Union, which was
made by our fathers.
Mr. President, I have alluded to this subject of
" allies " in order to show who is engaged in this
unholy and nefarious work of. breaking up this
Union. We find first the run-mad Abolitionists
of the North. They are secessionists; they are
for disunion; they arc for dissolution. When we
turn to the South we sec the red-hot disunionists
and secessionists engaged m the same work. I
think it comes with a very bad grace from them
to talk about the 44 allies " of otheis who are try-
ing to save the Union and preserve the Constitu-
tion.
I went back yesterday and showed that South
Carolina had held this doctrine of secession at a
very early day, it very short time after she entered
into the ArticlesofConfederation,andaftershe had
entered the Union by which and through which
the independence of the country was achieved.
What else do we find at a very early day ? Go
to Massachusetts during the war of 1812, and
the Hartford convention, and there you will find
men engaged in this treasonable and unhallowed
work. Even in 1845, Massachusetts, in mani-
festing her great opposition to the annexation of
Texas to the United States, passed a resolution
resolving herself out of the Union. She seceded;
she went off by her own act, because Texas was
admitted into the Union. Thus we find South
Carolina and Massachusetts taking the lead in this
secession movement. We find the Abolitionists
proper of the Noith shakinir the right hand of
fellowship with the disunionists of the South in
this work of breaking up the Union; and yet we
hear intimations here that Senators who are not
secessionists from the South are Black Republican
allies! If I were compelled to choose either—I
would not wish to be compelled to make a choice
—but if 1 were compelled to be either, having the
privilege of choosing, 1 would rather be a black
Republican than a red one. I think the one is
much more tolerable than the other, If red lepub-
hcanism is ever to make its way into this coun-
try, it is making its; way in this disunion and se-
cession movement that is now going on; for we
see that right along with the sentiment of seces-
sion the reign of terror prevails. Everything is
carried away by it, while the conservative men of
the country are waiting for the excited tempest to
pass. Itisnowsweepingoverthecountry. Every-
thing is carried by usurpation, and a reign of
terror follows along in its wake.
I am charged with being " an ally" of the Sen-
ator from Ohio ! I, who,from my earliest infancy,
or from the time 1 first comprehended principle,
down to the present time, have always stood bat-
tling for the same great principles that I contend
for now! My people know me; they have tried
me; and your little innuendoes and your little in-
directions will not scare them, even if your infu-
riated seceding southern men dare to intimate that
I am an ally of Mr. Wade. The Senator charges
me with being " an ally;" while he and the lead-
ers of Abolitionism are uniting all their energies
to break up this gloriousUnion. I an ally! Thank
God, I am not in alliance with Giddings, with
Phillips, with Garrison, and the long list of those
who are engaged in the work of destruction, and
in violating the Constitution of the United States.
So much, Mr. President, in regard to the argu-
ment about allies. I am every man's ally when
he acts upon principle. I have laid down, as the
cardinal point in my political creed, that, in all
questions that involve principle, especially where
there was doubt, I would pursue principle; and in
the pursuit of a great principle I never could reach
a wrong conclusion. If, in the pursuit of princi-
ple,in trying to roach a correct conclusion, I iind
myself by the side of another man who is pursu-
ing the same principle, or acting upon the same
line of policy, I extend to him my assistance,and
I ask his in return.
But the Senator from Mississippi, in his reply
to me, also said:
" I was reading, a short time ago, an extract which re-
feircd to the time when {we'—I suppose it means Tennes-
see—would take the position which it was said to be an
absuidity lor South Carolina to hold; and Tennessee still
was put, m the same speech, in the attitude ot a gieat ob-
jector against the exercise of the right of secession. Is
there anything m her history which thus places her? Ten-
nessee, horn ot secession, rocked in the cradle of revolu-
tion, taking her position befoie she was matured, and claim-
ing to he a State because she had violently severed her con-
nection with North Carolina, and through an act of seces-
sion ami jevolution claimed then to be a State."
I suppose it was thought that this would be a
poser; that it would be conclusive; and as Ten-
nessee was " born of secession, rocked in the
cradle of revolution," I was estopped; that my
lips were hermetically sealed, so far as related to
anything 1 could give utterance to in opposition
to this heresy. When we come to examine the
history of that subject, we find the Senator has
fallen into just about as great a blunder and as
great an error as he did in his allusion to allies.
Tennessee had her birth not in secession—very
far from it. The State of Frankland had its origin
in that way. They attempted to separate them-
selves from the State of North Carolina. When
was that? In 1784. Peace was made in 1783;
but in 1784—I read from Wheeler's History of
North Carolina:
" In 1784, the General Assembly, in April, at IIillsboro>,
among other acts for the relief of the General Government,
coded her western land*, and authorized her delegation in
Congress to execute a, deed, provided Congiess. would
accept thi«« offer within two years.
u This act, patriotic and self-sacrificing, was worthy of
the State; and although not then accepted by Congress,
was ihe real bouice ol the civil commotion which we are
about to record."
What was that civil commotion ? The pioneers
of that country had suffered great hardships, and
they viewed with suspicion this act of 1784. On
the 24th of August of that year, they held a con-
vention at Jonesboro', and resolved to send a per-
son to Congress to urge the acceptance of the offer
of jNorth Carolina. But I will read from this
history:
44 The General Assembly of North Carolina met at New-
born on the 23d October, 1784, and lepealed the act of the
foiiuer sevsion, in consequence of which the couv ention att
Jonesboro' bioke up m confusion." * v
'• The spirit of the people was roused. On Decemtyei: 4,
1784, a convention of five delegates from each county uie\
at .Toiiebboio5. John Sevier was made president Qi this
