770
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 6,
convention. They formed a constitution for the State of
Frankland, which was to be rejected or received by another
body, ' fresh from the people,' to meet at Greenville m No-
vember, 1785. This body met at the time and place ap-
pointed ; the constitution was ratified ; Langdon Cai ter was
Speaker of the Senate; William Cage, Speaker of the
House of Commons. John Sevier was chosen Governor;
David Campbell, Joshua Gist, and John Henderson, judges
of the superior com t. Other officers, civil and military,
were appointed.
"The General Assembly of the State of Frankland, by a
communication signed by both Speakers, informed Richard
Caswell, Esq., Governor of North Carolina, that the peo-
ple of the counties of Washington, Sullivan, and Greene,
had declared themselves sovereign, and independent of the
State of North Carolina.
" Governor Caswell was a soldier and a statesman. He
was not of a temper to brook such high-handed measures.
He issued, on the 25th of April, 1785, his proclamation
against this lawless thirst for power." * * * *
" But the State of Frankland did not heed this warning,
so properly expressed, and so dignified in its character
and tone. It proceeded to erect new counties, levy taxes,
appropriate money, form treaties witii the Indiana, and
exercise all the power and prerogatives of a sovereign
Slate."
"The scarcity of money wag severely felt. The salary
of the Governor was £2U0 annually; a judge £L"jO; the
treasurer £40; to be paid from the* treasury. The taxes
vveie to be paid into the treasury, in the cnculating medium
of Frankland, such as they had, namely : good flax linen
ten hundred, at three shillings and six pence per yaid; good
clean beaver skins, six shillings each ; racoon and lox skins,
at one shilling and throe pence; deet !>kms, six shillings;
bacon, at six pence per pound; tallow, at six pence; good
whisky, at two shillings and six pence a gallon.
" This has given rise to some hutnoi at the expense of
the ritate ofFrankland. It was referred to in debate tn onr
House of Commons, 1827, by II. (J. Jones, and in Congress
some years ago by Hon. l)aniel Webster; which was re-
plied to by Hon. Hugh L. White. It was pleasantly stated
that the salaries of the Governor and judges were paid in
fox skins, and the fees of the sheriff and constables tu mink
skins, and that the Governor, the >herill%, and constables
were compelled to receive the skins at ihe established
pi ice.
" Even this primitive currency was, by the ingenuity of
man, extensively counterfeited, by sewing incoon taiK to
the opossum skins—opossum skins bumg woithless and
abundant, and racoon bkins were valued by law at one
shilling and three pence." *****
"The General Assembly of Noitii Carolina, ncsomblcd
at Newborn, in November, 1785, passed an act to buiym
oblivion the coitrluct ofFrankland, provided they i ('tinned
to their allegiance, and appointed elections to beheld in
the different counties for members to the Genet al Assembly
of North Carolina,and also appointed civil and militaiv
officers to support those already appointed. The nc.xtyear,
1786, presented a strange state of affairs; two empties ex-
tended at the same time over the same teintoiy and ovoi
the h.ime people.
" Couits were held by both Government1', militaiy offi-
cers appointed by both, to exercise the same powers. John
Tipton headed the party for North Caiolina, and John
Sevier the Frankland party."* * * * *
"The next year taxes were imposed by both administra-
tions; but the people most innoccnthj pretended that they
did not know to whom to pay; so paid to neithei. Thus
deprived of one of the chief means of government, the
attains of Frankland were approaching to its end. Tipton
and Sevier were both residents of Washington county.
Sevier was a biave soldier; he had piovcd his valor on
King's mountain ; but he was seduced by the allurements
of office and ambition—
"The sin whereby the angels lell.J "
" He applied to Dr. Franklin for advice and support; to
the Govemoi (Matthew-) of Geoigia, and to Virginia ; iiom
none did he receive.any aid oi advantage. He icali/.ed
with fearful truth, the fable of Gav—
" The child who many fathers share,
Hath rarely known a father's care.
He who on many doth depend
Will rarely ever find a luend."
All this shows, Mr. President, that the State
of Frankland took its origin in 1784. A govern-
ment was recognized, and it continued until Sep-
tember, 1787, The Legislatuie that year met at
Greenville, the very town in which I live.
" In .September, 1787, the Legislature of Frankland met
for the la t time at Greenville John Menifee was Speaker
of the Senate and Charles Robinson Speakei of the Hon c.
They authorized the election of two Representatives to
attend the Legislature of North Carolina, and one ot the
judges of Frankland was elected (David Campbell) and her
J reasurer (Landon Carter) the other.
" Had the party of Sevier accepted the liberal, fair, and
just proposition of Governor Caswell, in 1785, as stated
previously, how much pain and trouble would have been
bparedto this country, and how much personal suffering
to himself. With all his virtues,honesty, and former pub-
lic service, he was at this time a doomed man.
"On the return ot the members from the General Assein
!.y :ia|"hoio-, in I- ebruaty, 1788, it was soon undeistood
that Fiankland was no more.
"An execution against the estate of General Sevier had
been placed in the hands ot the shenff, and levied on his
negroes on Noliehueky river. These weie icmoved for
safe keeping to the house of Colonel Tipton."
- Brave in his character, obstinate and headstrong, Sevier
raised one iiundied and fifty men, and maiehed to Tip-
ton's house, on Watauga river, eight miles east of Joncs-
boro'. Tipton had information ot Sevier'sde^ign only time
enough to obtain the aid of some fifteen friends, who were
with him on Sevier's arrival.
" Sevier, with his troops and a small cannon, demanded
an unconditional surrender of Tipton and all in bis house.
Tipton had banicaded the house; and in iep]y to the un-
ceremonious demand, sent him word 'to fire, and be d—d.'
He then sent a written summons to surrender. This letter
Tipton forwarded foithwith to the colonel of the county, for
aid. This aid, through Robert and Thomas Love, w&s
promptly afforded. The house was watched closely. A
man by the name of Webb was killed, a woman wounded
in the shoulder, and a Mr. Vann. While^ from extreme
cold, Sevier's guards were at the fire, alatge reinforcement
from Sullivan county, under Maxwell and Pemberton,
passed the guard, and joined the beleaguered household.
The moment the junction was formed they sallied out with
shouts; a tremor seized the troops of Sevier, who fled in
all directions at the first fhe of Tipton. Pugh, the high
sheriff of Washington, was mortally wounded, and many
taken prisoners. Sevier himself escaped; his two sons,
James and John, were prisoners." * * * *
" Judge Spencer, one of the judges of the State of North
Carolina, holding court at Jonesboio', issued a beneh-\Var-
rant against Govnnoi Sevier foi high tieason, (17*56.)
"Jn October, Colonels Tipton, Love, and others, appre-
hended Sevier,at the house of Mrs. Brown, near Jones-
boro\ Tipton was aimed, and swoie that he would kill
Sevier; and Sevier really thought ho would do t>o. Tipton
was, however, with much exertion, pacified. Handcuffs
were placed upon Governor Sevier, and he was carried to
Jonesboio'. From thence he was canied, under stiong
guard, toMorganton, in Bui lee county, North Carolina, and
delivered to William Morrison, the shenffof Burke.
"As he passed thtoiighBurke,GeneralChailesMcDow-
ell and General Joseph McDowell (the Litter who was with
him in the battle of King's Mountain, and fought by his
side) became his securities for a few davs, until he could
see some friends. He letumed punctually, and upon his
own responsibility the sheriff allowed him time to procure
bail. His two sons, with friends, came to Moiganton
piivately, and under their escort he escaped.
<( Thus the career of the tir?tand last Governor of Frank-
land terminated. But with all his defects, John Sevier had
many virtues. lie was feat less to a fault; kind to his
fi lends ; and hospitable to all. This gave him great weight
among the people; and although in the General Assembly
ot" North Caiolma, (Fayettevilfe,) in 1788, general oblivion
ami pardon weie extended to all concerned in the late re
volt, John Sevier way especially excepted in the act, and
debaired fiom all offices of trust, honor, oi profit.
(' The next yea' (1789) so great a favonte with the people
was Sevier, that he ivai ejected from Greene, to represent
that count \ in the Senate of the Genmal Assembly oi Noith
C.uohna. fie appealed at Favctteville at the time appointed
foi the meeting of the Legislature, (second Monday of No-
vember.) '
"Such was the sen^e of his worth, or his eontiition for
the past, that the Lemsdatuie passed eailv, an act repealing
the section disqualifying himfiom any office ; and on taking
vas allowed his seat. Thus were
. 5
the oath of allegiance, h<*
the difficulties settled.
"Noith Carolina had ever been willing to allow her
daughter to set up foi herself when of lawful age and under
proper restriction5!. Cherishing this feeling, she was never
unjust towards her fair andioveiv offspring.
"On the 25th of Febiuary, 1790, as authorized by a pre-
vious act of the General Assembly, pas-sod in the year 1789,
Samuel Johnston and Benjamin Hawkins, Senator in Con-
gress, executed a deed to the United States in the words of
the cession act; and on the 2<l of April of that year, Con-
gress accepted the deed, and Tcime>see was born.
"By proclamation, dated September 1, 1790, Governor
Martin announced that the Secietary of State for the Uni-
ted States had tiansmittrd to him a copy of the act of Con-
gress, accepting the cession of Noith Carolina for this dis-
itiet of ihc western terutory, and the inhabitants of said
di*.tiiet * would take, due notice thereof, and govern them-
selves accoidingly.'"
John Sevier was brave and patriotic, a man
loved by the people; but he had fallen into this
error of secession or separation from the State of
North Carolina that I have called your attention
to heie in the history of North Carolina. We
find that this doctrine of secession could not be
borne by him, with his great popularity and with
the attachment the people had for him. Instead
of Tennessee having her origin or her birth in
secession, the piecise reverse is true. The State of
Frankland had us birth in an attempt at disunion
and was rocked to death in the cradle of secession;
and Us great defender and founder at that time, not-
withstanding- his great populaiity and the attach-
ment the people had for linn, was lodged m irons.
Thatis where secession carried him, with all his
popularity, with all his patriotism, with all the at-
tachment the people had for him. Yes, sir, this
nefarious, this blighting, this withering doctrine'
of secession ended by placing- that distinguished
man in irons.
What next occurred? North Carolina passed
a law for general pardon and oblivion for all those
that had been engaged in this movement, with the
exception of this great man, John Sevier. His
name h even now venerated in the section of the
countiy where 1 live; but, with all his talents and
popularity, this infamous, this nefarious, this dia- ,
bohcal, this hell-born and hell-bound doctrine of j
secession carried him into chains. The State of |
Frankland had expired, rooked to death in the !
cfadle of secession, and he went back to Greene
county, and was elected a member of the Legis-
lature of North Carolina. In passing this general
oblivion and pardon, he was made an exception;
and he was not permitted to take his seat in the
Legislature until the exception was" removed. It
was removed, and he went back to the Legisla-
ture of North Carolina. Fiankland had expired;
it was no more; and yet we see the odiousWeight
that was heaped upon him by this nefarious doc-
trine of secession.
Then what follows,Mr. President? "When we
turn to the act and follow it along, we find that
North Carolina then made her cession act, com-
pleted it in 3 790, and ceded the territory to the Uni-
ted States. A territorial government was estab-
lished. General Washington himself appointed
the first officers in the Territory, which was then
styled "the Territory southwest of the river
Ohio." In 1794, the Council or Legislature of
that Territory elected James White the first dele-
gate to the Congress of the United States from the
Territory southwest of the river Ohio—not Frank-
land or Franklin, for that is numbered with the
things that were, but are not. Even with the pop-
ularity of the name of Dr. Franklin, it was con-
signed to oblivion, and now sleeps with the things
that were. In 1794, the delegate to represent the
Territory made his appearance here, and took his
seat. In 1796, the constitution was formed; and
then it was that Tennessee beg;an her existence.
The peace was made in 1783, and in 1796 Ten-
nessee formed her constitution and applied for
admission into this Union. Then it was that Ten-
nessee was spoken into existence. She did not
pass through this ordeal of secession; this proba-
tion of disunion. She germinated upon proper
principles. The Territory was first organized by
Congress after the death of the organization called
Frankland; and in 1796, the people of Tennessee
formed their constitution, and were admitted into
the Union as a State. And, sir, who came into
the Union with her when she was admitted as a
State? Andrew Jackson. It may have been that
his early knowledge of the country, it may have
been that his early information upon the subject,
made him understand and appreciate ever after-
wards the value of the Union. When Tennessee
was ushered into tins family of States, as an equal
member of the Confederacy, General Jackson took
his seat as her Representative. The Senator from
Mississippi said that Tennessee was "born in
secession; rocked in the cradle of revolution."
Sir, she has many fond recollections of the Revo-
lution; but wit hall her revolutionary character, her
people have never attempted secession. General
Jackson first represented her in Congress when
she came*into the Union; she brought him to the
notice of the people of the United State^as a public
man. In 1833, when an attempt somewhat sim-
ilar to the present was made, he was President
of the United States; and it is unnecessary for ine
to relate what his views of secession were then.
It is not necessary for me to refer to the acts of
General Jackson in 1833. And now, sir, not in-
tending to disparage others, hut to give utterance
to my conscientious belief, I must say that if such
a man as Andrew Jackson were President of the
United States at the present time, before this mo-
ment steps would have been taken which would
have preserved us a united people without the
shedding of blood, without making war. I believe
that if Andrew Jackson were President of the
United States, this glorious Union of ours would
still be intact. Perhaps it might be jarred a little
in some places, but not sufficiently to disturb the
harmony and general concord of the whole. That
is my opinion. I do not say it to disparage oth-
ers; but I believe that this would have been the
case, if he had been President, pursuing the policy
which I fuel certain he would have pursued in
such an emergency.
Tennessee came into the Union in 1796. She
was the third State that entered the Confederacy
after the old thirteen ratified the Constitution.
Silo was in this Union before Alabama, before
Mississippi, before Louisiana, before Florida had
an existence. There was a Union then, and she
wps in it. She has been in it ever since; and she
has continued to contribute her money, her men
and her blood, to the defense of the flag of tlu>
Union; and though these other States mayg-o out,
I trust in God that she will still remain in the po-
