1861.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GrLOBE.
tm
36th Cong....2d Sess.
State of the Union—Mr. Case.
Ho. op Reps.
forth as new, as original with them, it was sim-
ply plagiarism. The sentiments do not belong to
them. From the same writer, and in the same
connection with the paragraph I have just read,
I again quote:
" And can the liberties ofanation be thought secure when
we have removed their only firm basis-—a conviction in the
mind-! of the people that these liberties are the gift of God,
that they are not to be violated but with His wrath ? in-
deed, I tremble for my country when I reflect that God is
just; that Ills justice cannot sleep forever; that, consid-
ering numbers, nature, and natural means only, a revolution
of the wheel of fortune, an exchange of situation is among
possible events; that it may become probable by super-
natural interference. The Almighty has no attribute which
can take side with us in such a contest."
So you will perceive that the doctrine of the
irrepressible conflict was taught by Jefferson even
before they elected him President of the United
States. Neither the Senator from New York, nor
the President elect, ever clothed it in such sharp
and striking language. He predicts a struggle—if,
indeed, we may give it that name—between God
and the negro on one hand, and his master on the
other. What is that but an irrepressible conflict,
qualified only by the sure result indicated—the
success of Providence and the slave? And yet,
becausc leading men of a successful party have
announced the same sentiment in a modified form,
straightway the. entire South takes alarm, and
proposes to quiet its fears by dissolving the Union.
I quote still further from the same author. He
says.
"Nothing is more certainly written in the book of fate
than that these people (the slaves) are to be free " *
* * "* "itisbtill in our power to dnect the
process of emancipation and depoitation peaceably, and in
such slow degree as that the evil will wear off insensibly,
and then place be -pan pawn, filled up by free white labor-
era.. If, on the contrary, it is left to force itself on, human
nature must shudder at the prospect held up. We should
look m vain for an example in the Spanish deportation or
deletion of the Moors. Tins precedent would fall far short
of our case."
Oncc more he says:
" But must await with patience the workings of an
overruling Providence, and hope that that is preparing the
dehveiance ot these our suffering; brethren. When the
measure of their tears shall be lull, when their groans shall
have involved Heaven itself m drukness, doubtless a God
of justice will awaken to theii distress, and by diffusing
light and liberality among then oppressors, or at length
by his exterminating thunder, manifest his attention to the
things of thte world, and that they are not left to the guid-
ance of a blind fatality."
Sir, when the sage of Monticcllo was pen'ning
these startling words, did he have in his mind's
eye " the magnitude of events that are now trans-
piring ?"
And now, if I may come down to a later period,
and quote from one whose praise is on every lip, I
can show that, long before the distinguished .states-
man of Kentucky—the noble "Harry of the West"
—was the candidate of agreat national party for the
office of President of the United States, ho uttered
in unmistakable language the doctrine of the
"irrepressible conflict." If stronger language has
been employed by any member of the Republican
party, it has not come under my observation, I
will read a short extract from a speech delivered
by him many years ago—in 1827; a speech not in
the Halls of Congress, but before the American
Colonization Society. In that speech, he gives
utterance to the following noble sentiments:
" Wo arc reproached with doing mischief by the agita-
tion of tins question. The society goes into no household
to disturb its domestic tranquillity; it addresses itself to no
slaves, to weaken their obligations of obedience; it seeks
to affect no man's pioperty It neither has the power nor
the will to affect the property ot any one contrary to his
consent. What would they, who thus reproach us, have
clone? If they would repie&s all tendencies towards lib-
el ty and ultimate emancipation, they mu^t do more than
put down the benevolent efforts of this socicty. They must
go back to the era'of our liberty and independence, and
muzzle the cannon which thunders its annual joyous re-
turn ; thev mu t revive the slave trade, with all its train of
atrocities; they must suppress the workings of British phi-
lanthropy, seeking to amciioidte the condition of the un-
fortunate West Indian slaves; they must arrest the career
of South American deliverance fiom thialdom; they must
dIovv out the moral lights around us, and extinguish that
{iifatest torch of all which Ameiicapiesents to a benighted
world, pointing the wav to their rights, their liberties, and
their happiness. And when they have achieved all these
purposes, their woik will be yet incomplete. They must
penetrate the human soul, and eradicate the light ot ieason
and tiie love of liberty. Then, and not till then, when uni-
versal dsikuess and despair prevail, can you perpetuate
slavery* and repress all sympathies and all humane and
benevolent efforts among freemen in behalf of the unhappy
portion of our race who aie doomed to bondage."
Mr. Speaker, since these sentiments fell from
the lips of that great orator and statesman there
has been no such vivid enunciation of the irre-
pressible conflict and its result; no such impress-
ive description of the character of slavery. Ac-
cording to his authority, slavery is at war with
the spirit of " the era of our liberty and inde-
pendence." "The cannon which thunders its
annual joyous return" is but the deafening voice
of general condemnation of the system. "The
workings of philanthropy abroad/' " the moral
lightsoround us," " the light of reason," and "the
love of liberty in the human soul," are arrayed
for its overthrow. He does not say,in so many
words, that slavery is a relic of barbarism; but
he does say that "universal darkness and de-
spair " are essential to its perpetuity. Pray, sir,
what is the difference between universal darkness
and despair, and barbarism ? And yet there is no
man of any party who does not venerate the name
of Henry Clay.
But it is said slaves are becoming dangerous at
home. I refer again to the remarks of the gen-
tleman from Missouri, [Mr. Anderson,] deliv-
ered in this House on the 15th ultimo. lie says:
'• Many of our slaves are now impressed with the idea that,
a'tor the inauguration of Mr. Lincoln, they are to be free.
Tim impression makes them icstless and discontented;
rendeirf our homes, uur wives, and om ehildien, unsafe."
Here is an alleged grievance, in part ancient
and in part resting in anticipation of what is to
come. Restless and discontented slaves, render-
ing homes and wives and children unsafe, is far
from being a novel state of affairs in the annals
of slavery. Southampton has a history on that
subject, dating back to the year 1831, which may
be read with profit by those who imagine that
present discontentsamong slavesare to be charged
to the account of a great northern party. Thus
far, the complaint is as stale as any we have con-
sidered; and for the residue let me ask, who told
these slaves they were to be free after the inau-
guration of Mr. Lincoln ? Smely no northern
party has made such proclamation,even at home,
much less has the Republican party breathed any
such idea into the ears of the slaves. If southern
gentlemen have made speeches in the hearing of
their bondmen, in which they have mrdicted such
a result, they must be content to take the conse-
quences of their own misrepresentation of the
principles and policy of the now dominant party
of the North and of'the well-defined position of
the Presidentelect. Often, during therecent can-
vass, was it charged upon us that wc entertained
designs upon slavery in the States, and therefore
in almost every meeting, upon every stump, so
far as I know—and I mingled largely in that can-
vass, m my own and other States—the doctrine
was repeated that the Republicans neithcrclaimed
the power nor entertained the disposition to inter-
fere with the relation of master and servant in the
States. Often were the frank and manly senti-
menls of Mr. Lincoln on that subject read to as-
sembled thousands in refutation uf what we con-
sidered a partisan slander. And, sir, if he and
his party had been as truthfully represented at
the South as they were persistently misrepre-
sented, no slave in all the land would have em-
braced the delusion that the day of Mr. Lincoln's
inauguration was to mark the beginning of his
year of jubilee.
The deception was not promulgated by Repub-
lican orators; for, with one or two exceptions,
there was no place in all the South where a Re-
publican would have been allowed to pioclaun
the real designs of his party; nowhere would he
have been permitted to advocate such aims as were
attributed to it.
Another charge, preferred by many gentlemen
on the other side of the House, is, that slaves arc
being run off, or, if they abscond of their own
volition, are not returned when demand is made.
Mr. Speaker, as to the facts on which this com-
plaint is based, I cannot speak with any degree of
accuracy. In the underground rail road I am neither
a stockholdcrordircctor, and lam not aware that
that great thoroughfare makes or publishes any
annual report of its business. If itdoes, no such
report has fallen under my observation, and I am
therefore ignorant of the statistics; but I will ven-
ture to say that, in 1848, or, if you please, down
to so late a period as 1856, it dia fully as flourish-
ing a business as it has done during the past year,
or will do in the next year. I venture to say that
as many slaves escaped by the.assis-taiice of north-
ern men four years ago, or ten years ago, as will
escape during this year or the next. I repeat, I am
not speaking so much of the sufficiency of any of
those alleged causes for disunion as of the fact
that they are venerable for their age. Ifthe South
has cause for dissolving the Union because of her
loss of slaves, she had just the same cause for
years before the passage of the fugitive slave law
of 1850; just the same cause prior to the triumph,
or even tlie organization, of the Republican party.
No, sir; the fugitive slave law of 1850, summary
and barbarous as are its provisions, and obnox-
ious as it is to the sentiments and feelings of north-
ern men, is being faithfully and quietly executed
by a law-abiding people, whenever occasion re-
quires in that section of country. Even within
the last month, in what is called the very hot-bed
of anti-slavery sentiment in Ohio, that law has
been thoroughly and peacefully executed.
But it is said that States have personal liberty
bills, as they are called—laws intended to obstruct
the execution of the fugitive slave law. I believe
some of them have; but I do not believe there is
one of these laws that is not at least ten years old.
They are older, every one of them, than the Re-
publican party. They were all in existence in
1856, when a Democratic President was elected;
and yet their existence, was not then considered as
cause for a dissolution of the Union. If, because
of these laws, the Union should perish to-day,
why did not their existence ill 1856 prompt move-
ments to the same end then, when the present
leaders of the enterprise were allied with, if they
had not the power of the Government in their owr
hands, and not wait until that power was jus'
passing from their grasp?
In reviewing the history of these alleged ex-
cuses for secession, and particularly in referring
to another matter of history which I now wish to
cite, it may seem that I am disposed to indulge in
that crimination or recrimination which has done
too much harm already. I have no disposition
to do so; butl must respectfully submit, thatour
southern brethren who are getting up these ex-
cuses for their conduct, even conceding their
truthfulness as stated, mightat least learn wisdom
from the moderation of one of the northern States
under grievances of the very same nature. Why,
sir, years ago a law was passed in the State of
South Carolina for imprisoning the colored sea-
men of the State of Massachusetts, who might
come within her borders in the pursuits of legiti-
mate commerce. The law was declared to be un-
constitutional by Judge Johnson, of their own
supremo court, and the United States Attorney
General (Mr. Wirt) expressed the same opinion.
Yet, when Massachusetts, confident of her rights,
but willing to abide a legal decision^ the question,
sent a commissioner therefor the purpose of test-
ing, in a legal, constitutional way, in their own
courts, the validity of the law, he was summarily
expelled from the State, and the Legislature of
South Carolina passed a law making it a criminal
offense for any citizen of Massachusetts to come
within that State for the purpose of asserting his
rights under that statute, or testing its constitu-
tionality in the courts. Yet did Massachusetts
secede? Did she bring forth her grievances, and
announce to the world that she would dissolve the
Union if this unjust, oppressive law against the
rights of her citizens was not forthwith repealed?
No, sir; from that day to thistheSouth Carolina
statute has stood unrepealed, and Massachusetts
is still a loyal sister of this Confederacy.
Once more: complaint is made of the refusal of
some of the free States to deliver fugitives from
justice. Is that, sir, a new,wrong under the sun ?
something peculiar to our recent history? Let
me ask members from the States of New York
and Virginia, if they have not a vivid memory of a
heated controversy of the same character, so long
ago as the time when one of the present Senators
from New York [Mr. Seward] was the Governor
of that State? Mr. Speaker, before Virginians can
justify secession for such a cause, they must ex-
plain why it was not resorted to as a remedy for
this old grievance.
I have now, Mr. Speaker, gone over all the
counts save one, of the indictment framed by
