1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
771
sition she occupied before they were spoken into
existence. "We have been told that the Union is
broken up—that it is already dissolved. Why,
sir, according to the Constitution, ni&e States
formed the Government; and provision was made
for taking in new States. Taking in a State or
taking out a State does not disturb the Union. It
was a Union before the State came in; it is aUnion
after it goes out. We got along very well before
these States came in; and where is the great injury
now to result to Tennessee because they propose
to go out?
I took occasion, in my former remarks, to call
the attention of the Senate, and of my constituents
to the extent that I have the honor to represent
them, to the kind of government that was likely
to be formed by the seceding States, and the coun-
tiy they might acquire after they did secede. In
relation to this, the Senator from Mississippi said:
" But the Senator found somewhere, I believe in Georgia,
a newspaper ai tide which suggested the advantages of a
constitutional monarchy. Does the Senator believe there
is any considerable number of people in any of the States
wliotavorthe establishment of a constitutional monarchy?"
The Senator from Georgia [Mr. Iverson] felt
called upon to say something in the same con-
nection. He said:
"As. allusion has been made by the Senator from Missis-
sippi to an article which appeared in a paper in my own
town, and about which a good deal of noise has been made,
and which was referied to by the Senator from Tennessee,
in his celebrated speech, the other day, as evidence that
there was a party in the South m favor of a constitutional
monarchy"—
lie went on to state that that idea was suggested
in some paper, he could not exactly tell how; but
it was not by the editor, and it did not amount to
much. I did not refer to a single paper; but I made
various extracts from newspapers and speeches,
simply as surface indications, as symptoms of
what lay below, and what was intended to be the
result. 1 referred to the Charleston Mercury; I
referred to other papers; I referred to the speeches
of distinguished men, some of them leaders in this
movement. Is it not apparent, now, that unless
the public mind is aroused, unless the people are
put on the alert, there is a design to establish a
government upon the principles of a close cor-
poration ? Can any one that has the least sagacity
be so unobservant as not to see what is going on
in the South? It is apparent to all. They seem
to unite in setting out with the proposition that
the new confederacy shall exclude every State
which is not slaveholding, for the reason that those
States which arc interested in slaves should have
the exclusive control and management of them.
Here is a great family of States, some free and
some slave, occupying, in one sense, the same
relation to each other that individuals in the com-
munity do to one another. The proposition is
started to form a government of Slates exclu-
sively interested in slaves. That excludes all the
free States? Is the argument good? Has not
slavery been secure heretofore in the Union with
non-slaveholding States; and will not our geo-
graphical and physical position be just the same
after the present tjnion is dissolved ? Wheredoes
the argument carry us? We must have a confed-
eracy now composed of slave States exclusively.
When we have excluded the free States, and we
come to make a new government, does not the
same argument apply that we must have a gov-
ernment to be controlled and administered by that
description of persons among us who are exclu-
sively interested in slaves? If you cannot trust
a free State in the confederacy, can you trust a
non-slaveholder in a slaveholdingState to control
the question of slavery? Wheredoes yourargu-
ment carry you ? We see where they are drift- |
in°-; and, as a faithful sentinel upon the watch- |
tower, i try to notify the people and sound the
tocsin of alarm. If this idea be not carried out,
it will be because the public feeling, the public
opinion, is aroused against it.
I alluded yesterday to the fact that the freemen
of the State of South Carolina have not been per-
mitted to vote for a President since it was a State.
There is a great terror and dread of the capacity
of the people to govern themselves. In South
Carolina, when the ordinance was passed to with-
draw from the Union, did the convention trust the
people to pass their judgment upon it? Were
they consulted ? Did they indorse it? Have they
passed their judgment upon it to this day ? Taking
the language of Mr. Boyce as an index of their
feeling, I have no more doubt than I have of my
existence that if this reign of terror subsides, and
the hearts of the people of South Carolina can be
gotten at, it will be found that a majority of them
disapprove and repudiate what has been done
there. What do we find in the State of Georgia?
There the proposition was moved to submit the
ordinance to the people; and were the people con-
sulted? The vote was 138 to 160, I think. It
shows a great division. Did they submit it to the
people? Oh, no. I know something of the people
of the State of Georgia; and I believe this day, if
that seceding ordinance could be submitted to the
voting population of Georgia, and the question be
fully canvassed and fairly understood, they would
repudiate and put it down. Go to Florida: were
the people consulted there ? Not at all. Look to
Alauama; look to the arguments made there in the
convention. It was said, " our power is ample;
we must consummate this thing, and not let the
people pass upon it." Louisiana refused to refer
the matter to the people. The people have not
been consulted. A reign of terror has been insti-
tuted . States have been called upon to make large
appropriations of money to buy arms and muni-
tions of war; for what end? The idea has been:
" we can, almost with the speed of lightning, run
States out of the Union without consulting the
people; and then, if they daie resist, we have got
an army, we have got the money to awe them
into submission." These gentlemen are very fear-
ful of coercion, exceedingly alarmed at the word
" coerce;" but when you attempt to interpose and
stop their career, they do not know of any other
term but coerce. Look at the dispatch which
Governor Pickens sent to Mississippi:
Charleston, January 19, 1861.
Judge Magrath and in\sell have bent lour telegraphs to
you. Please urge Mi-bi-ssippi to send delegates to the Mont-
gomery meeting of States, at as eaily a day as possible—
say 4tli of February—to form immediately a strong pro vis-
ional government. It is the only tiling to prevent war, and
let that convention elect immediately a commander-in-chief
for the seceding States. You may as well return, at least
as far as Montgomery. F. W. PICKENS.
To Hon. A. Burt Jackson.
South Carolina has a military establishment,
with officers appointed, and the taxes ncccssary
to support them now are grinding her people to
the dust; but she expects in a very short time to
transfer that military establishment, with her offi-
cers, to the southern confederacy that is to be es-
tablished ; and 1 suppose the great object in getting
the leader appointed at once is that they may be
able by military force to awe the people into sub-
mission. Have we not seen that nine regiments
have been authorized to be raised in Mississippi,
and a distinguished Senator, who occupied aseat
on this floor a short time since, made the major
general? No doubt, when the si henre is consum-
mated and carried out, when the military organi-
zation is complete, if the people offer to resist,
they will be subdued and awed, or driven into
submission at the point of the bayonet. Some of
these gentry are very much afraid of the people.
Why, sir, a proposition was even started in my
own State, to raise fifteen regiments; for what?
With whom are we at war? Is anybody attack-
ing us? No, Do we want to coerce anybody?
No. What do we want with fifteen regiments?
And it was proposed to appropriate $250,000 to
sustain them. There is a wonderful alarm at the
idea of coercing the seceding States; great dread
in reference to the powerof this Federal Govern-
ment to secure obedience to its laws, and espe-
cially in reference to making war upon one of the
States; but the public property can be taken, your
flag can be fired upon, your ships driven out of
port,yourgallant officer,with afew men,penned
up in a little fort to subsist as best they may. So
far as the officer to whom I have just alluded is
conccrncd, I will give utterance to the feelings of
my heart when I express my profound approba-
tion of his conduct. He was put there to defend
the flag of his country. He was there not as an
intruder. He was there in possession of the prop-
erty owned by the United States, not to menace,
not to insult, not to violate rights, but simply to
defend the fla? and honor of his country, and take
cave of the public property; and because he re-
tired from a position where he could have been
captured, where the American flag could have been
struck and made to trail in the dust, and the Pal-
metto banner substituted, because he, obqying the
impulses of a gallant and brave heart, took choice
of another position; acting upon principles of hu-
manity, not injuring others, but seeking to pro-
tect his own command from being sacrificed and
destroyed, he is condemned and repudiated, and
his action is sought to be converted into a menace
of war. Has it come to this, that the Government
of the United States cannot even take care of its
own property, that your vessels must be fired
upon,that your flag must be struck,and still you
are alarmed at coercion: and because agallant offi-
cer has taken possession of a fort where he cannot
very well be coerced, a terrible cry is raised, *and
war is to be made?
1 was speaking of the proposition to raise fifteen
regiments in my own State,which has been brought
forward. Sir, as far back as the battle of King's
mountain, and in every war in which the rights
of the people have been invaded, Tennessee, God
bless her, has stood by that glorious flag, which
was carried by Washington and followed by the
gallant patriots and soldiers of the Revolution,
even as the blood trickled from their feet as they
passed over the ice and snow; and under that flag,
not only at home, but abroad, her sons have ac-
quired honor and distinction, in connection with
citizens of the other States of the Union. She is
not yet prepared to band with outlaws, and make
war upon that flag under which she has won
laurels. Whom are we going to fight? Who
is invading Tennessee ? Conventions aregotup;
a reign of terror is inaugurated; and if, by the in-
fluence of a subsidized and mendacious press, an
ordinance taking the State out of the Confederacy
can be extorted, those who make such proposi-
tions expect to have our army ready, to nave
their bands equipped, to have their pretorian di-
visions; then they will tell the people that they
must carry the ordinance into effect, and join a
southern confederacy, whether they will or not;
they shall be lashed on to the car of South Car-
olina, who entertains no respect for them, but
threatens their institution of slavery unless they
comply with her terms. Will Tennessee take
such a position as that? I cannot believe it; I
neverwill believe it; and if an ordinanceof seces-
sion should be passed by that State under these
circumstances, and an attempt should be made to
force the people out of the Union, as has been done
in some other States, I tell the Senate and the
American people that there are many in Tennes-
see whose dead bodies will have to be trampled
over before it can be consummated. [Applause
in the galleries.] The Senator from Mississippi
referred to the nag of his country; and I will read
what he said, so that I may not be accused of mis-
representing him:
" It may he pardoned to me, sir, who, In my very boy-
hood, was given to the military service, and who have fol-
lowed that flag under tropical suns, and over northern
snows, if 1 here express the deep sorrow which always
overwhelms me when I think of turning from the flag I
have followed so long, for winch I have suffered In way^lt
does not become me to speak of; feeling that henceforth it
is not to he the banner I will hail with the rising sun, and
greet as the sun goes down ; the banner which, by day and
by night, I am ready to foilow. But God, who knows the
heaits of men, will judge between you and us, at whose
door lies the responsibility of this."
There is no one in the United States who is
more willing to do justice to the distinguished
Senator from Mississippi thsn myself; and when
I consider his early education; when I look at his
gallant services, finding him first in the military
school of the United States, educated by his Gov-
ernment, taught the scicnce of war at the expense
of his country—taught to love the principles of
the Constitution; afterwards entering its service,
fighting beneath the stars and stripes to which he
has so handsomely alluded, winning laurels that
are green and impeiishable, and bearing upon
his person scars that arc honorable; some of which
have been won at home; others of which have
been won in a foreign clime, and upon other fields—
I would be the last man to pluck a feather from
his cap or a single gem from the chaplet that en-
circles his illustrious brow. But when I consider
his early associations; when I remember that he
was nurtured by this Government; that he fought
for this Govcrhment; that he won honors under
the fiag of this Government, I cannot understand
how he can be willing to hail another banner, and
desert the one of his country, under whicl} ho
won laurels and received honors. This is a matter
