APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 8,
,36181 Cong....2d Sess.
State of the Union—Mr. Case.
Ho. of Reps.
-.southern prosecutors against their northern breth-
ren. I think I have shown that, so far as they
have any foundation in fact, they are too weak
from age to justify the great event of our times."
To every one of them we might safely plead the
"statute of limitations.
And now, ifa.single remark may be added in
illustration of their inherent insufficiency, lot it
.be this*, not one or all of these grievances would
have caused the secession of a single State if
Abraham Lincoln had been defeated in the recent
presidential contest, It matters not which one of
his three competitors had been successful, all
these invasions of southern rights, as they are
termed, would have been submitted to with patri-
otic patience and Christian resignation.
Thus are we brought to the last charge in the
indictment. The people have elected a President
opposed to the extension of chattel slavery. The
power-and'designs of that institution, so long
potent and almost supreme in the national coun-
cils, have been checked; and secession is the
sweet revenge its advocates propose for this first
political defeat. Let the record be made up in the
light of these palpable facts. These alleged causes
of disunion are a sham, a mere pretense; while
the -real object of those who would destroy the
Government is to retain power by dissolving in
advance and forever all connection with an Ad-
ministration whose policy will bo adverse to their
own.
Mr. Speaker, without dwelling longer on the
causes, I wish to say something of the remedies
proposed for this disturbed state of affairs. To
my mind they are as amazing as are the causes
assigned for the destruction of our Union. What,
sir, is the disturbing element? Slavery; nothing
else. Whether we consider State or territorial
policy, it is the only cause of difference between
us, the sole source from which have sprung all
the perils of this unhappy hour. How powerful
that institution is for mischief, let present and im-
pending perils testify. In our national councils
it sets at defiance constitutional obligations. Be-
neath the very guns of our forts it executes trea-
son. It lays hold on the pillars of our national
temple, and the building totters over our heads.
Such is the power of this disturbing element to-
day in this Government;and yet, strange to relate,
it is seriously proposed in this ] louse to buy peace
and restore harmony, by adding to its strength.
Both the Crittenden proposition and the series of
measures submitted by the majority of the com-
mittee of thirty-three contemplateadditional guar-
antees to slavery.
Mr. Speaker, 1 have no harsh words to utter of
those who hold slaves, or who believe in the
policy, the morality, or even the divinity of the
institution, it is not my practice to use them
here or elsewhere. Judgment on my brother man
belongs not to me. Hut of slavery itself, I may
and must sny that it has already as much strength
in this Confederacy as 1 nm willing to accord to it.
To add to it one iota, may bo giving it all the
power wanting, if indeed any be wanting, to ena-
able it to completely destroy the Government.
Parties once powerful have risen and fallen at its
bidding. The great party once in alliance with
it, and which has controlled our national policy
for the past eight yeais, was but recently hope-
lessly divided by its influence. Who shall assure
me that our (Jnion is sectue against its assaults?
I may pass over without comment what is
known as the Crittenden amendment of the Con-
stitution, (which is, in fact, but an enlargement
and' intensification of the Ih-eckinndge platform
of the recent campaign;) for it was established by
the able and unanswerable argument of the gen-
tleman from Maryland, [Air. Davis,J yesterday,
that nobody con hope that that amendment will
ever be indorsed by the people of the United
States. Tiie very sentiments that have been
read—the sentiments we have learned from the
men of the olden time, from Jefferson, still warm
with the spirit of the revolutionary era, and from
Henry Clay, of a more recent period—are deeply
impressed upon the hearts of men in the free
States, and of many, I believe, in the slaveliolding
States. Can it be hoped, then, that while we hold
to such sentiments you can obtain a popular vote
in the free States, saying that slavery shall be
protected furevei upon a laige portion of our na-
tional soil ? And yet, sir, if I were to choose
between the propositions before the House, I
would almost as soon take the Crittenden reso- i
lutions as those proposed by the committee of
thirty-three. Wnat are they?
It is proposed to organize the Territory of New
Mexico as a State. Why shall it be done ? Has
'she asked for admission as a State? Not at all.
Is she in a condition to become a State in this Con-
federacy? Nobody pretends that she is. Have
her people been educated to appreciate and enjoy
the blessings of free institutions ? For the most
part, they know nothing of them. They have
never lived under them. Are they able to assume
the responsibilities of a State ? To use a common
phrase, are they able to set up housekeeping ? No;
but it is proposed that we shall assist them in their
infancy as a State. No longer ago than Wednes-
day last, when, in response to an appeal from the
starving people of Kansas, I sought to introduce
a bill for their relief. I could not even get leave to
have the bill reported and printed. The strict
constructionists of the Constitution could find no
power in Congress to go to the relief of a State m
destitution and want. Yet, sir, for the purpose
of crowding into this Union a Territory that has
not asked for admission, it is proposed that we
shall support her in the days of her infancy. So
long as she remains a Territory, it is our duty *to
assist her; but it has never been the policy of our
Government to admita State into the Union until
she was in a condition to defray the ordinary ex-
penses of a State government.
What good, sir, can possibly result from the
organization of that Territory as a State? Do our
southern brethren need it for the purpose of mak-
ing room for slavery ? I have already referred to the
facts that answer any such demand. They have
plenty of room for all the slaves they have, and for
millions more, within the organized States of this
Confederacy. Why shall we admit INew Mexico
as a slave State for that purpose > I will be more
frank. I believe, if this proposition is to restore
peace and good-fellowship m the South, it will
come from the fact that New Mexico will come
in as a slave State, and wit]) a constitution in-
dorsing the slave code now in existence there. I
have no hesftationin saying that I will never, by
my vote, sanction any such code as that. In the
days of John GUuncy Adams, when it was pro-
posed to admit Arkansas as a State into this
Union, he admitted his obligations under the
treaty to admit her as a slave State; but when he
found her presenting a constitution that made
slavery perpetual, that prohibited the Legislature
of that State at any time from interfering with it,
notwithstanding he had admitted, perhaps unne-
cessarily, the requirements of the treaty, his vote
was recorded against the admission of that State,
for the reason that he would novel,ashe said, by
his vote, give vitality to a constitution that made
human bondage perpetual.
If this is not to be the result, will it avail any-
thing to admit the Territory of New Mexico as a
State? If she comes in as a free State, will any
one pretend that it will do anything toward quiet-
ing existing difficulties? Not at ail. I know that
it is said she lias the i Jght, under the law of 1850,
to determine for herself whether she shall be a
free or a slave State. I admit it. I do not propose
to repeal that law; but i do piopose that there
shall be a reasonable opportunity to prepare the
people of that Territory for a fair and honest vote
on the question. I do not believe they are now
in a condition to vote on so important a proposi-
tion as that. Let them have an opportunity of
knowing what free institutions are. Let them
have an opportunity to know whatgenume repub-
lican institutions are, before you call upon them
to pass upon the question of slavery, and espe-
cially upon a slave code, more rigorous, to use no
haisher term, than is to be found in any of the
States of the, Confederacy.
Next, in the seiies, comes an amendment to
the Constitution, which reads thus:
(l Artk lv 10 ICo amendment of this Constitution bav-
ins? tot in o!i]"('t any mtoneienec within the States vvuh
the leiation between their eiii/eie* ;>mi tliose de.-cribed in
seitn.'n^ccoml ot the fiistaitkCioof'thij Constitution as 'all
otlici [iciMius,' bli.i!! oiigmate with any State that does not
recognize that leiation "within its own limits, or shall be
valid without the assent of every one of tiie States composing {
Uio Union." j
I am free to say, Mr. Speaker, that under ex-
isting circumstances I would scarcely know how
to choose between the Crittenden proposition,
with all of its worst features, and this proposed
amendment to the Constitution of the United
States. Look at the reason for it. Everywhere
where Republicans have had an opportunity to
proclaim their sentiments at all, they have said
that Congress'had no right, under the Constitu-
tion, to interfere with the question of slavery in
the States. They have adopted that as one of the
cardinal features of their party platform. They
have so declared everywhere. Why shall they
be required now to put such a proposition as this
in the Constitution? It is virtually saying to us
of the North, "Gentlemen, we know what you
declare, but we cannot take your word. We must
have your bond. Before you take possession of
the Government, you must give security for good
behavior." It is an insult to every northern man.
If a resolution is wanted from me, such as I have
often voted for, that Congress has no right what-
ever to interfere with slavery in the States, I will
vote for it. But when gentlemen refuse to take
my word, a decent self-respect impels me to say,
with all due respect, if they do not trust my word,
they should not ask for my bond.
Again: all agree that the Constitution, asit is,
interposes an effectual barrier to any interfer-
ence with slavery in the States; and if it must be
amended so as to expressly declare that idea, why
not be content with that, and leave thatprovision,
like every other, to stand or be changed by future
generations, as the exigencies of their times may
clemand? Why must slavery have such extraor-
dinary guarantees o\cr every other interest or
institution now protected or securcd by the Con-
stitution? On any other subject Congress or a
free State may originate amendments; buton this
neither is to be trusted. Three fourths of the
States may consummate any other amendment;
but on the question of slavery it is proposed that
no amendment shall be valid until sanctioned by
every Stale m the Confederacy. It might almost
be imagined that these unusual discriminations in
favor of slavery were inserted for the purpose of
rendering the proposition as obnoxious as pos-
sible; so that southern gentlemen could exult-
ingly say to any northern man voting for it, " Sir,
we have humbled you!"
I do not know that there will be any practical
wrong resulting from the adoption of the amend-
ment. I do not know that it will work injustice
to the North or the South; but I know and feel, and
so must every manwho belongs to the party with
which I have the honor to act, that it would be
humiliating on our part to indorse any such thing
as that. Why, sir, look at this fact. "Who is pro-
posing to interfere with slavery in the States? No
political party, and no class of citizens, unless it
be those who repudiate the Constitution and deny
their obligations to the Government under which
they live.
The object of the amendment is therefore to pro-
vide a constitutional guarantee as strong as can be
framed in words, not against a present danger—
not even against a tlneatened danger—but against
what u is feared some one may threaten hereafter.
Mr. Speaker, have we no existing perils, against
which, if need be, we should rather provide con-
stitutional safeguards? What, sir, of the dogma
of the right of a State to secede at pleasure; the
great and appalling heresy which here and now
stares us in the face? And, instead of hearing
such a proposition as this from the committee,
why do we not hear something from them in the
form of an amendment of the Constitution which
shall prohibit and deny the right of a State to
secede, or rondei secession impossible? The one
is the living, fearful evil, and wrong of our times.
Here are States, day after day, seceding, or are
attempting to secede. Why not submit an amend-
ment to meet that evil, instead of one to guard
against a policy which no one expects ever to
inaugurate ?
I pass over the proposed amendment to the fugi-
tive slave law, to the fine of which I am quite in-
different, and come to the last, and, in my judg-
ment, the most dangerous measure of the series.
The committee submit such an amendment of the
law relative to surrender of fugitives from justice,
as shall strip the State authorities of all power in
