772
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 6,
of taste, however; but it seems to me that, if I
could not unsheath my sword in vindication of the
flag of my country, its glorious stars and stripes,
I would return the sword to its scabbard; I would
never sheathe it in the bosom of my mother-,
never! never! Sir, my own feelings in reference
to that flag are such as must have filled the heart
of that noble son of South Carolina, Joel R. Poin-
sett, when, nearly thirty years ago, in an address
to the people of Charleston, he declared:
" Wherever I have been, I have been proud of being a
citizen of this Republic, and to the remotest comers of the
earth have walked erect and secure under that banner
which our opponents would tear down and trample under
foot. T was in Mexico when the town was taken by as-
sault. The house of the American embassador was then,
as it ought to be, the refuge of the distressed and persecuted;
it was pointed out to the infuriated soldiery as a place filled
with, their enemies. They refused to attack. My only de-
fense was the flag of my country, and it was thrown out at
the instant that hundreds of muskets weie leveled at us.
Mr. Mason—a braver man never stood by his fi iend in the
hour of danger—and myself placed ourselves benenth its
waving folds; and the attack was suspended. We did not
blanch, for we felt strong in the piotecting arm of this
mighty Republic. We told them that the flag that waved
over us was the banner of that nation to whose example
they owed their liberties, and to whose protection they
were indebted for their safety. The scene changed as by
enchantment; those men who were on the point of attack-
ing and massacreing the inhabitants, cheered the flag of our
country, and placed sentinels to protect it from outrage.
"Feilow-citizens, in such a moment as that, would it
have been any protection to me and mine to have pro-
claimed myself a Carolinian ? Should I have been here to
tell you this tale if I had hung out the palmetto and single
star? Be assured that, to be respected abroad, we must
maintain our place in the Union."
Sir, I intend to stand by that flag, and by the
Union of which it is the emblem. I agree with
Mr. A.H.Stephens,of Georgia, " that this Gov-
ernment of our fathers, with all its defects, comes
nearer the objects of all good governments than
any other 011 the face of the earth."
I have made allusions to the various Senators
who have attacked me, in vindication of myself.
1 have been attacked on all hands by some five or
six, and may be attacked again. All 1 ask is,
that, in making these attacks, they meet my po-
sitions, answer my arguments, refute my tacts.
I care not for the number that may have attacked
me; I care not how many may come hereafter.
Feeling that I am in the right, thatargument, that
fact, that truth are on my side, I place them all at
defiance. Come one, come all; for I feel, in the
words of the great dramatic poet:
"Thrice is he armed that hath his quarrel just;
And he but naked, though locked up in steel,
Whose confecicncc with secession if coriupted."
I have been told, and I have heard it repeated,
that this Union is gone. It has been said in this
Chamber that it is in the cold sweat of death;
that, in fact, it is really dead, and merely lying
in state waiting for the funeral obsequies to be
dci formed. if this be so, and the war that has
been made upon me in consequence of advocat-
ing the Constitution and the Union is to result
in'my overthrow and in my destruction; and that
Hag, that glorious flag, the emblem of the Union,
which was borne by Washington through a r.even
years' struggle, shall be struck from the Capitol
and trailed in the dust—when this Union is in-
terred, ( want no more honorable winding sheet
than that brave old flag, and no more glorious
grave than to be interred m the tomb of the Union.
[Applause in the galleries.] For it I have stood;
for it I will continue to stand; 1 care not whence
the blows come; and some will find, before this
thing is over, that while there are blows to be
given, there will be blows to receive; and that,
while others can thrust, there are some who can
parry. They will find that it is a game that two
can play at, God preserve my country from the
desolation that is threatening her, from treason
and traitors!
" Is there not some chosen curse,
Some hidden thunder in the stores of heaven,
Ited with uncommon wutth, to bla-st the man
Who owes his greatness to his country's ium?''
[Applause in the galleries.}
In conclusion, Mr. President,! make an appeal
to the conservative men of all parties. You sec
the posture of public affairs; you see the condition
of the country; you see along the line of battle the
various points of conflict; you see the struggle
which the Union men have to maintain in many
pf the Spates. You ought to know and feel what
13 necessary to sustain tho.se who, in their hearts,
desire the preservation of this Union of States.
Will you sit with stoic indifference, and see those
who are willing to stand by the Constitution and
uphold the pillars of the Government driven away
by the raging surges that are now sweeping oyer
some portions of the country? As conservative
men, as patriots, as men who desire the preser-
vation of this great, this good, this unparalleled
Government, 1 ask you to save the country; or
let the propositions be submitted to the people,
that the heart of the nation may respond to them.
I have an abiding confidence in the intelligence,
the patriotism, and the integrity of the great mass
of the people; and I feel in my own heart that, if
this suoject could begot before them, they would
settle the question, and the Union of these States
would be preserved. [Applause in the galleries.]
Mr. WILSON. I rise for the purpose of mov-
ing that the further consideration of this question
be postponed until Monday next, at one o'clock.
Mr. LANE. I hope the Senator will not do
that.
♦ Mr. GWIN. That is too far off. Say to-mor-
row.
Mr. LANE. It would be very unfair to gen-
tlemen who 
Mr. WIGFALL. I will say to the Senate,
that I desire to make some remarks on this sub-
ject. There has been a very wide latitude; and
I desire to speak this evening or to-morrow morn-
ing; I am indifferent which.
Mr. WILSON. I suppose I shall have to yield
the floor for that purpose. It seems to me, though,
that we have the tariff, and several other import-
ant measures, to take up the residue of this week,
and I wish togetthequestionovcruntilMonday.
However, I will withdraw the motion for the
purpose of allowing the Senator to go on.
Mr. WIGFALL. Mr. President 
Mr. GREEN. Will the Senator yield to me?
I desire an executive session this evening, on very
important business; and the Senator from Texas
can speak to-morrow, at one o'clock, and with
no inconvenience to anybody. I therefore sub-
mit that motion, which is a privileged motion.
Mr. WADE. Mr. President 
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Polk in
the chair.) I understood the Senator from'Texas
to have the floor now by the courtesy of the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts. Does the Senator from
Texas give way to the Senator from Missouri to
submit the motion which he has just now made ?
Mr. WIGFALL. I do.
Mr. SIMMONS. I ask the Senator from Mis-
souri to let me assign a bill that was the special
order for to-day atone o'clock, but by some omis-
sion of the President was not called up. [" No
objection."]
Mr. CAMERON. I rise to a question of order.
I have been trying to be heard.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is due that
I should say to the Senator from Rhode Island
that I am informed by the Clerk that the special
order was called up by the Chair; but the unfin-
ished business of yesterday took precedence of
it, of course.
Mr. CAMERON. I rise to a question of order,
Mr. President. It is, that the tariff bill is now in
order. It was postponed by common consent to
allow the Senator from Tennessee to conclude the
speech which he began yesterday; and, as a mat-
ter of course, that bill now comes up. I want to
throw myself on the generosity of the Senator
from Missouri, and the Senator from Texas, to let
us proceed with that bill, and get through with it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Will the Sen-
ator state his question of order ?
Mr. CAMERON. The question of order is, ;
that the taiiff bill is now the business before the
Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. I will state to
the Senator that the motion now is, that the Sen-
ate go into executive session.
Mr. GREEN. That has priority over every-
thing.
Mr. WADE. 1 wish to appeal to the Senate
to take up a joint resolution that has just passed
the House of Representatives. There is great
necessity for its immediate passage.
Mr. GREEN. Do that to-morrow morning.
Mr. WADE. U is a resolution that ought to
be passed promptly. It is on the subject of the
McCormick reaper. We want to extend the time
for taking testimony in that matter.
Sir. BIGLER. We cannot do that now.
Mr. WADE. The Commissioner of Patents
is about to decide the case without full testimony.
Mr. GREEN. Will it lead to debate?
Mr. WADE. I presume not.
Mr. GREEN. It can be done to-morrow morn-
ing.
Mr. HUNTER. I am told that the resolution
in regard to McCormick's reaper ought to be re-
ferred. It will give some special advantage in the
way of testimony to persons who want to take
away a patent.
Mr. WADE. Not at all. It is only to extend
the time for taking testimony.
Mr. HUNTER. It ought to be examined.
Mr. GREEN. I do not yield the floor. The
question is on my motion for an executive session.
Mr. WIGFALL. I will suggest that I only
gave the floor to the Senator from Missouri to
make a specific motion; and everybody else has
had it ever since I yielded the floor to him for
that purpose.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I ask the Senator to yield
to me for the purpose of giving him a notice.
Mr. WIGFALL. Certainly.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There are several import-
ant bills requiring the action of the Senate. I
would not call the attention of the Senate to them
now, if the chairman of the Committee on Finance
was here; but he is not, and I know what his in-
tention is. Those bills must be taken up at some
time; and if this debate is to go on and take pre-
cedence of everything else, from day to day, we
shall go through this session without passing any
of them. Now, I want simply to give notice to
gentlemen—so that they may not consider us dis-
courteous when we oppose the further proceed-
ing of this debate until some of those bills are
disposed of—that such is our intention; and I shall
do it to-morrow, when the time comes.
Mr.GWIN. I wish to say that the chairman
of the Committee on Finance is now out on a com-
mittee of conference, and will be in in a few mo-
ments.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have given the notice.
We do not want any of our bills taken up to-day.
There are none ready to-day. To-morrow we
shall insist on it.
Mr. SIMMONS. Mr. President 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator from Texas yield to the Senator from Rhode
Island?
Mr. WIGFALL. I will give way to him too,
if I can hear what he says. I cannot hear him.
Mr. SIMMONS. I will speak loud enough.
When the hour came for the special order to-day,
there was a debate on the privileged question about
reconsidering the vote on the passage of the terri-
torial bill. The special order was passed over
informally, in order that that debate might be con-
tinued for half an hour. When that was through,
before anybody had a chance to call the attention
of the Presiding Officer to the order of business,
the Senator from Tennessee, who was left unfin-
ished yesterday, in his remarks, went on, and it
wasconsidered to be waived until he got through;
and I believe that is naturally the order now. At
any rate, if the Senator from Missouri will give
way for me to move to make it the special order
for to-morrow at one o'clock 
Mr, WIGFALL. I have the floor—not the
Senator from Missouri.
Air. SIMMONS. But you yielded to him to
make this motion. What I want to do is, to get
the bill assigned for to-morrow. I consider it my
duty to insist on some order in this business. It
was assigned on Friday last for to-day, and all I
ask is, that the bill may have a fair chance. The
revenues of the Government depend'on it; and I
want it to be considered, because it has togo back
to the House of Representatives, that the amend-
ments may be concurred in. I wish to make it the
special order for to-morrow, with the understand-
ing 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. I will state to
the Senator that there is already a motion before
the Senate.
Mr. SIMMONS. That has given way for me
to make this statement.
Mr. GREEN. I gave way to enable the Sen-
ator to make a statement, not a motion.
Mr. SIMMONS. Very well; go ahead.
Mr. GREEN. I move for an executive session.
