1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
773
Tiie PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion to proceed to the consideration
of executive business.
The motion was not agreed to; there being, on
a division—ayes 15, noes 21.
Mr. WIGFALL. Mr. President 
Mr. SIMMONS. I would like the Senator
from Texas to permit me to fix some day for the
consideration of the tariff bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator from Texas give way to the Senator from
Rhode Island ?
Mr. CLINGMAN. With the permission of
my friend from Texas, (as it is now four o'clock,)
I move that the Senate adjourn, and this question
will come up as unfinished business to-morrow.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. I understand
the Senator from Texas to yield to that motion.
Mr. WIGFALL. I have no preference about
it. I desire to answer the speech that has been
made by the Senator from Tennessee. I should
as soon do it now as to-morrow. It is a matter
of no sort of consequence to me when I speak.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I withdraw the motion.
Mr. SIMMONS. As the Senator from Texas
does not seem to be quite ready, I should like to
have leave, while he is looking up his papers, to
have an assignment made of this bill. I should
like to make my motion if he is not quite ready.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator from Texas give way to the Senator from
Rhode Island
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am sure the Senator
from Texas did nut hear the Senator from Rhode
Island.
Mr. WIGFALL. No, I did not; but I do not
yield the floor.
Mr. TRUMBULL. He only wants to assign
a bill for to-morrow.
Mr. GWIN. The Senator from Texas does
not lose the floor by it.
Mr. WIGFALL. 1 will yield for him to make
the motion, if I do not lose the floor.
Mr. SIMMONS. I move that the bill which
was assigned for to-day at one o'clock, be assigned
for to-morrow at one o'clock.
Mr. PUGH. I object. That bill remains the
special order after this.
Mr. GWIN. It.goes over of course.
Mr. SIMMONS. I make the motion. I do
not suppose a single objection prevents it from
being put.
Mr. PUGH. If the Senator from Texas yields
the floor, I shall move to adjourn; if not, let him
proceed.
Mr. SIMMONS. He yielded the floor to me,
not to you. [Laughter.] I move to assign the
bill for the collection of revenues, and make it the
special order for to-morrow at one o'clock.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There being
another matter before the Senate——
Mr. PUGH. How does he get it in?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It cannot get
in, there being another matter before Senate, and
objection being made.
Mr. CAMERON. Allow me an instant. I
think the Senator from Texas will give way for a
minute.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator from Texas give way to the Senator from
Pennsylvania ?
Mr. WIGFALL. I will give way to anybody
if gentlemen will just get through with what they
want, and then let me alone.
Mr. CAMERON. I see that it is late. ["Oh,
no."] Let me get through. It is strange Llmt a
man cannot say a wol'd, without his friends all
advising him to a particular course. I desire to
move, in order that we shall get along smoothly
and cosily, that we now go into executive session,
and finish up some business all-important to be
done there, and allow the Senator from Texas to
go on to-morrow, in the morning hour, and then
take up these important bills. I move that the
Senate go into executive session.
Mr. WIGFALL. It is understood that I have
the floor for to-morruw, if this motion prevails?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Of course you
have the floor.
The question beingput on Mr. Cameron's mo-
tion, there were, on a division—ayes 22, noes 30.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
So the motion was agreed to; and the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of executive busi-
ness; and after some time spent therein, the doors
were reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, February 6, 1861.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas H. Stockton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
MESSAGE FROM TIIE PRESIDENT.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the fol-
lowing message from the President of the United
States:
To the Senate and IIoiisc of Representatives :
I have received from the Governor of Kentucky certain
resolutions adopted by the General Assembly of that Com-
monwealth, containing an application to Congress for the
call of a convention tor proposing amendments to the Con-
stitution of the United States, with a request that I should
immediately place the same befoie that body. It affords
mo great satisfaction to perform this duty; ami I feel quite
confident that Congress will bestow upon these resolutions
the careful consideiution to which they are eminently en-
titled, on account of the distinguished and patriotic source
from which they proceed, as well as the great importance
of the subject which they involve.
JAMES BUCHANAN.
Washington, February 5,1861.
The message and accompanying resolutions
were referred to the sclect committee of five, and
ordered to be printed.
ORDNANCE DEPARTMENT.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
communication from the Secretary of "War, in-
closing an estimate from the chief of ordnance for
two important items omitted from the lastannual
estimates of the Department; which was referred
to the Committee of Ways and Means, and or-
dered to bo printed.
PRIVATE LAND CLAIMS IN NEW MEXICO.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
communication from the acting Secretary of the
Interior, transmitting a letter lrom the surveyor
general of New Mexico in relation to the num-
bering of certain private land claims in that Ter-
ritory; also, a communication from the same
source, transmitting documents in theNewMex-
ican private land claim of the heirs of Louis Ma-
ria C. do Baca.
The communications were referred to the Com-
mittee on Private Land Claims, and ordered to
be printed.
CONDITION OF THE COUNTRY.
Mr. NIXON". I ask the consent of the House
to present a memorial, signed by one thousand
five hundred citizens of Camden, city and county,
without distinction of paity, asking for the pas-
sage of the Ciittenden resolutions, or any other
constitutional adjustment of the present troubles
of the country. I am satisfied that a largo ma-
jority of the people of the first congressional dis-
tiic.t of New Jersey are in favor of some reason-
able adjustment by Congress of the difficulties
which divide and distract the country.
The memorial was laid upon the table.
MEMORIALS FROM UTAII.
Mr. HOOPER, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented the memorial of the Governor and Legis-
lature of Utah Territory praying for the construc-
tion of a railroad from some point on the Missouri
river to Sacramento, California, via either the Box
Elder or Lodge Pole creek pass, in the Black hills,
Bridges pass, in the Rocky Mountains, Tempan-
ogos or Provo river, and the most practicable'pass
in the Sierra Nevada mountains; and
The memorial of the Governor and Legislative
Assembly of Utah Territory praying for a fur-
ther appropriation of $3,000 to the Utah library.
The memorials were* severally referred to the
Committee on Territories.
RICHARD CHENERY.
Mr. BURCH. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to discharge the Committee of the
"Whole House from the further consideration of
House bill No. 17J, for the relief of Richard Che-
nery.
The bill was read. It appropriates, for the
purpose of paying the claim of Richard Chenery,
of California, for furnishing and delivering, ac-
cording to contract, to George P. Armstrong,
temporary Indian agent fur the tribes of Indiana
on Russian river and at Clear lake, (as per Arm-
strong's receipts, dated March 23, and May 23,
1852,) one hundred thousand pounds of beef, at
eight cents per pound, as set forth in the certifi-
cate of R. McICee, United States Indian agent
and disbursing agent for California. Thearfiount
is to be paid by the Secretary of thcTreasury to
Richard Chenery, or to his legally authorized
agent or assignee, upon receiving a full acquit-
tance therefor, signed by Chenery, his agent or
assignee.
Mr. SHERMAN. I must call for the regular
order of business.
Mr. BURCII. There can be po objection to
this bill; and I hope it will be passed.
Mr. SHERMAN. There is no reason why
this bill should be taken up to the exclusion of
everything else. I think the important public
business of the country should be acted on first.
UTAH RESOLUTIONS AGAIN.
Mr. GROW. I move to reconsider the refer-
ence of the resolutions or the Utah Legislature in
favor of a Pacific railroad. The Committee on
Territories has nothing to do with them. They
should go to the committee on the Pacific railroad.
Mr. PHELPS. I think they had better go to
the Committee on Territories.
Mr. GROW. Well, let them be referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
They were so referred.
RESOLUTIONS OF MINNESOTA LEGISLATURE.
Mr. "VVINDOM, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented joint resolutions of the Legislature of the
State of Minnesota in regard to a Pacific railroad;
which were laid on the table, and ordered to be
printed.
DESTITUTION IN KANSAS.
Mr. SHERMAN. I call for the regular order
of business.
Mr. WELLS. If the gentleman from Ohio will
listen to me for a moment, I think he will yield
to me. I desire to offer a joint resolution for the
consideration of the House, in regard to the con-
dition of the people of Kansas. A great public
calamity now hangs over the people of that new
State, and I think it is a matter which calls for
consideration by Congress. I ask that the reso-
lution which I propose may be considered by the
House.
Mr. PHELPS. I object. Let us proceed with
the regular order of business.
LOAN BILL.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is the consideration of the Senate amend-
ments to the act (H. R. 972) authorizing a loan.
First amendment of the Senate:
After the woid u such" insert the word " loan so that
it will read, " tiiat sealed proposals for such loan," &c.
Mr. PHELPS. I suppose there is no objec-
tion to that amendment. Let the question be taken
upon it. I desire to say something on the second
amendment.
The question was taken; and the first amend-
ment was concurred in.
Second amendment of the Senate;
At the end of the bill, add the following new section :
Sec. 5. .-3m? he it further enacted, That the act of June
22,18C0, entitled "An act authorizing a loan and providing
lor the ledempuon ot notes," be, and the same is hereby,
repealed.
Mr. PHELPS. I hope the House will concur
in this amendment of the Senate. "When this bill
was under consideration in the House last week,
I contended that it was the true policy of the
Government to exhaust the residue of the loan
authorized by the act of 22d June last, before we
authorized a new loan to be made. I desired to
have the third section of that law so modified that
the Secretary of the Treasury might accept the
best proposals that should be made by capitalists
of the country for so much money as might be
needed to defray the current expenses of the Gov-
ernment. The House did not, however, agree
in lhe views which T entertained; and instead of
exhausting the old loan, which authorizes the
Secretary of the Treasury to obtain nearly four-
teen million dollars, the House orders a new loan
of $•2.'),000,000 to be negotiated. The condition
of the Treasury, and the condition of the public
credit of the countr}', should admonish us that
we should proceed with caution in authorizing a
V
