1861.J
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL. GLOBE,
i§r
36th Cong... .2d Sess.
State of the Union-—Mr. Kellogg.
Ho. of Reps.
tlemen of talent discuss this subject upon party
grounds, as if standing upon a political battle-
field, and from that stand-point consider the ques-
tion of the day, with an acrimony of spirit that
evidences rather the politician than thestatesman.
While their country lies bleeding, dismembered,
and struggling in the agonies of dissolution, they
talk as though the supremacy of a political party
wore superior to all considerations of their coun-
try's good.
For one, sir, I here say in my place, whatever
may betide it, or betide me, I would rather ten
thousand political parties and their platforms were
overwhelmed, never to rise again, than that this
great Government of ours should be imperiled.
"[Applause in the galleries*]
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Etheridge
in the chair.) The galleries will preserve order.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. 1 know that ap-
plause should not be uttered for sentiments de-
clared here, and yet it comes bubbling up from
the hearts of the people. Itcomes as if borne from
the prairies of my own noble State, saying that
the Government must and shall be preserved,
though political parties sink forever into oblivion.
Let it come; it is the voice of the people, and be-
fore it traitors will tremble and treason grow pale.
[Renewed applause in the galleries.]
Mr.WINSLOW. Theattention of theSpeaker
was drawn ycsteiday to the fact of applause in
the galleries. Certainly, no gentleman who de-
sires the proceedings of this House to be con-
ducted with order would, after the remark of the
Speaker yesterday, renew such demonstrations.
The Speaker declared yesterday that if these dem-
onstrations were repeated, he would cause the
galleries to be cleared.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. No doubt those
who now occupy the galleries arc not those who
occupied them yesterday. The lemarks of the
gentleman from North Carolina will piobably
prevent the recurrence of such demonstrations;
and the Chair appeals to the galleries to refrain
theiefVom.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, the
condition of my voice is such that it is with diffi-
culty that.i shall be able to say what i desire, in
the time allowed me by the rules. I said, sir, that
this voice camc up as from the prairies of my; own
State. I know hir, full well, that the position I
have assumed and occupy upon this question, will
bringdown upon my humble head the animad-
version and the censure of many; but yet 1 think
i know the people of this country; I think i know
the people of my own State; anu i venture to pre-
dict to-day, that, whatever politicians may say,
whatever political editors may write, the heart of
the people beats for the Republic, beats for then-
Constitution and their laws. And, sir, I here say,
in the presence of my colleagues, that when this
question shall go befoie our constituents, the peo-
ple will respond that they will adjust thi^s mattui
upon fair and honorable terms, and if necessary,
even at the sacnficc of parties, by a majority of
fifty thousand votes. But suppose we fail: what
matters it? Suppose we go down: what mattcis
it? The people have in their keeping the interests
of this great Government; it is garneied in loyal
hearts, and they will protcct and perpetuate it.
Politicians will raise their puny arms in vain;
they will sustain the Union by any just, honor-
able, and conciliatory measuie that promises to
bring harmony and peace to the nation.
When we assembled at the opening of the pres-
ent Congress, the muttering* of discontent and
the rumbling of the distant storm were heaid, and^
from the for off South theie came up a wail of
disunion and secession. And yet we took our
seats qui' tly here, and commenced legislation.
But louder and still louder came the ciy, and
daikergfew the clouds around and above us of
re\oluiion and rebellion against the Government
of the country and the Constitution and laws;
and now, gentlemen talk here of secession as a
ritfht,and arguo it as a principle. Wc here to-day
af^ne in reference to the right of secession. Men
at the heart of this groat country are discussing
the right of secession, when that question is past
argument. Revolution is a fact,and the historian
has recoided it. Six, and perhaps seven, of the
outer circle of the stars of tins Confederacy have
set; and unless they shall be relumed, and return
New Series—No. 13.
as loyal States, they have set forever in the dark-
ness which disloyalty to freedom and constitu-
tional law brings upon him who adopts it.
How stands the matter to-day } Sir, we are
sitting here in the American Congress, for the first
time in the history of the nation, with cannon
bearing upon the Capitol to protect us, and with
military squadrons marshaled in the streets of the
city to protect the Capitol; we sit here coolly and
deliberately and talk upon the 4< right of seces-
sion," and plan and figure for party ascendency.
God save the mark ! What, sir, is ourduty? Oar
duty is, irrespective of party considerations, to
learn the real cause of the condition of the coun-
try, and to apply such remedies as the magnitude
01 the difficulty and the character of the nation
require. Can wc save the country? I believe,
before God, wc can, if we are true men, and do our
duty. Sir, the veriest abstraction in the world—
a question of political opinion misrepresented
upon either side—is about to rend in pieces this
fair Government of ours, and the bitterness of the
strife of the last campaign is brought in to accel-
erate its disruption. Sir, when the historian shall
write, if ever he may, the causes of the destruc-
tion of the American Government, what will he
say? None does exist; none can be written.
God grant he may never be called upon to do it!
And if you, gentlemen of the South and gentlemen
of the In 01 tli, will come up to this question as men
and patriots, and disabuse your minds of consid-
erations of political power, the sun shall not rise
and set five times before peace shall be restored;
this great nation of ours shall be harmonious;
and our glorious old flag shall wave as brightly
and proudly over this Capitol as it ever has done,
not a single stripe erased, not a single star ob-
scmed.
What, sir, is the real cause of ourpresent con-
dition? The real cause is not occasional difficul-
ties in seeming the letmn of fugitive slaves; and
I want, to-day, to make to my southern A tends
a fair proposition in lefer.mce to that one of their
alleged guevances. The South, with the institu-
tion of slavery, under the Constitution, ^entitled
to protection in the way of the return of fugitives
from labor. That is my judgment; and it is the
judgment of the Republican party; and it has been
told you in thunder tones at the ballot-box, in the
election of the Pu'sid'-nt elect, that you are enti-
tled to a faithful eX"cuuon of the fugitive slave
law. Have you not a sufficient guarantee of the
objects and purposes of the party now coming into
power, when that was declared before the election
by tlyj gentleman who has been elected President
by a mosttriomphantmajority in thegieat North,
where you claim that this difficulty exists ? It is
due that 1 should say that Mr. Lincoln, hefoie
his election, declared, in his debates of Ib'oS with
Judge Douglas, that the South uere entitled to
an efficient fugitive slave law: and did you ever
ask moie than that? In the Slate of Illinois, the
present fugitive sla\e law has been faithfully ex-
ecuted. 1 ask my colleague, [Mr. McOlurxand,]
with whom I have kindly relation-',, but have had
severe eon/licts politically, I ask him, and I ask
you of the border States, has not Illinois executed
faithfully, honorably, and justly, the law of 3850
in relation to the return of fugitives from labor?
Mr. McCLERNAiND. My testimony is not
necessary to coi rohorate that of tny distinguished
colleague on that point. His statement is noto-
riously tiuc. Illinois has always been mindful
of constitutional obligations. Mose than that;
police laws are now in force in that State, and
have been for many years, operating efficiently
in aid of the fug)ti\e <-la\ e law; and, beyond ques-
tion, the com 13 and juries in that Slate have faith-
fully and f ifeetiuilly < xm-uu d that law.
Mr. KELLOGG. Mr. Speaker, there have
been occasional violations of that law in Illinois.
There will be occasional \JMl:it;ons of all laws,
evcrywheie jn our country, m the South ns well
as in the North: but when those who -violated
the law came hefoie our courts, their positions,
high or low, did not shi'dd them from the penal-
ties of the law. Within the 1 ixt twelve months,
men who have violated that law have expiated
the rifense within the b.-,:s of a psison. 1 say of
that law that it is hatand that it has objec-
tionable and Ciuol featims; but, sir, it is the law
of the land; and when I went up to that desk and
laid my hand upon the Gospel, and gwore to sus-
tain the Constitution, I felt myself bound, as I
ever do as a citizen of the United States, to a
faithful execution of that and every other Jaw
upon the statute-book, guarantied by the Consti-
tution.
Mr. Speaker, I heard the gentleman from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Stevenson] say the other day, that
Kentucky had lost $200,000 annually in slave
property. I so understood him/ I do not sec him
now in his seat. I thought he put the proposition
in an unfair light. That Kentucky has lost that
amount of property in slaves, that have escaped
—as they ever will escape as long as the institu-
tion exists—I do not doubt; but wiirhe tell me
that that amount of property has been lost to the
people of Kentucky in consequence of anv ar-
rangements in the northern States to induce slaves
to leave their masters? I do not believe he will;
nor will any man who is acquainted with the
northern people. Property in the services of ne-
gioes is at best uncertain in its tenure and enjoy-
ment. Being living, breathing, immortal beings,
and having the natural aspiration for freedom,
they will, so long as the institution exists, escape
from their masters; but that is your misfortune,
and not our fault. How stands the matter in
Pennsylvania* Pennsylvania, it is said, has faith-
fully returned all fugitive slaves. How is it with
Ohio? Ohio, too, has returned them, although
difficulties have arisen thereastothe construction
of the law; and I believe the law of 1850, provid-
ing for the return of fugitives from labor, will be
fairly executed in all the free States. I say,how-
cvei, that you must not charge upon me the guar-
dianship of your slave property, or any othci kind
of property. I will execute the laws faithfully;
but if you have slaves you must provide your
own protection for that species of property.
I am told by responsible gentlemen upon this
floor that there are to-day, in the State of Maryland,
men under indictment for stealing more negroes
than there have been slaves taken from the South
in the past year by any combination of noithern
men. Why notdenounce the people of M iryland
because of this violation of the laws and rights of
others? Simply because they are the acts of indi-
viduals; but, sir, they are not more the acts of indi-
viduals than aie the acts of persons who obstruct
the law of 1850, or induce the escape of slaves.
Surely, then, this is no cause for the disruption of
this Government. If that were the cause of diffi-
culty, we could adjust it in an hour. That cer-
tainly is not the cause of the secession of South
Carolina, Mississippi, and Alabama, and the
other Gulf States. They have never lost a slave,
in my judgment, by the. action of the northern
people. This is but a pretext to complicate the
difficulties of a settlement, and make it moie un-
certain of indication by the people.
Jiut the rapid passage of my hour admonishes
me that I must pass from that question to the
question of the practical result of the right of
southern men to emigrate to the Territories with
then slaves. The States that have seceded fiom
the Union have never sent their slaves to the Ter-
ritories. They do not propose to send them there.
They buy their slaves from the border Slates; and
the practical result of the right to carry slaves into
the Territories is a bagatelle, and has nothing
whatever to do with this movement for secession
and the disruption of the Government. But what
is it, sir?
The difficulty is a conflict of opinion between
the people of the South and the people of the
Noith in relation to the institution of siaveiy in
iK moral and political forces. That conflict of
opinion has existed since the organization of thi«
Government, and it will exist as long as our Gov-
ernment shall last. Fifty years ago, it was gen-
erally conceded that slavery was wrong, and then
there was no difficulty in adjustment and compro-
mise. Now, the southern mind is educated to
the belief that slavery is light, and the northern
I mind is educated in the fixed and determined
opinion that it is a moral wrong, and a political
evil.
Legislation may induce peace, hy taking the
sting out of tile conflict, by preventing collision
iand actual conflict; but it can never change the
: idea and belief that slavery is wrong in the North
j or right in the South. JNcvcr You may legislate
