778
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 7,
report of the committee of thirty-three on the dis-
turbed condition of the country.
The House was addressed by Messrs. MAY-
NARD and WELLS. [Their speeches will be
published in the Appendix.]
On motion of Mr. HUTCHINS, (at nine o'clock
p. m.,) the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, February 7, 1861.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Gurley.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Mr. THOMSON.' Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Will the Senator
allow the Chair to clear his table? There is a
joint resolution which the Chair will present for
the purpose of reference.
> M'CORMICK'S PATENT.
The joint resolution (H. R. No. 71) for extend-
ing1 the time for taking testimony on the applica-
tion of Cyrus H. McCormick, for the extension
of his patent, was read twice by Us title.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be referred
to the Committee on Patents aad the PatentOffice.
Mr. WADE. I want to make a motion to take
that joint resolution up now.
Mr. FITCH. Let it be referred to the Com-
mittee on Patents and the Patent Office.
Mr. HUNTER. It ought to go to the Com-
mittee on Patents.
Mr. WADE. There is a necessity for passing
it immediately.
Mr. PITCH. It will not pass for a long time.
Mr. GRIMES. I suppose we con have a vote
on the question as to whetherit shall be referred.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair pre-
sented the joint resolution to the Senate, to be read
by the courtesy of the Senator from New Jersey,
who is entitled to the floor.
Mr. THOMSON. I desire to have the floor
for a short time.
Mr. WADE. I would like to have a vote on
that subject.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Then the joint
resolution will not, be referred at present.
Mr. WADE. Very well.
RESOLUTIONS Or NEW JERSEY.
Mr. THOMSON. Mr. President, I ask leave
to present the resolutions of the Legislature of the
State of New Jersey m reference to the present
distracted condition of our country, and setting
forth, among other things, that the resolutions
and propositions submitted to the Senate of the
United States by Hon. John J. Crittenden, of
Kentucky, for the compromise of the questions
ni dispute between the people of the northern and
of the southern States, or any other constitutional
method that will peimanently settle the question
of sda\ ei y, will be acceptable to the people of the
State of New Jersey; and the Senators and Rep-
resentatives in Congress from New Jersey be
requested and earnestly urged to support those
resolutions and propositions.
In consequence of my absence from this place,
and a slight indisposition, I have not had it in
my power to present these resolutions at an ear-
lier day. I do so now; and take the occasion to
dissent in the most emphatic way from the opin-
ions of my colleague, as reported in the newspa-
pers, as to their not expressing the views and feel-
ings of the State we have the honor to represent
in tins body.
_ My colleague refuses to obey these instruc-
tions, as he calls them, for several reasons. First,
lie «ay,s:
'• rio far a* the Constitution is concerned, the State from
winch I come has no more io^a! ught to load me with In-
Ftiurtion? than I have her5 and my only deference to her,
in this particular would ansc solely fiom the superioi wis-
dom, intelligence, and patuotiMn of the majority in her
present Legislature, added to their better meant* of knowl-
edge- acting from a distance—than i possess, from being
present on the spot, and acting in the midst of all surround-
ing eneinnstances."
And second, " because he believes them to be
contrary to the wishes of the people of his State;"
and he icfeis, in support of this opinion, to the
votes cast for the various candidates in New Jer-
sey at the last election.
And again, for a third reason, a bccauso the
Legislature of New Jersey, with an accidental ma-
jority 111 one of its two blanches, most strangely
and most suddenly acquired, by a strict party
vote, have undertaken to instruct us here to vote
against the wishes of the people as declared in
November last."
Mr.President,his reasons for hesitatingtoobey
these instructions,as instructions, are setforth in
his own argument, andin the full extracts from the
speeches of distinguished Senators from New Jer-
sey, who have preceded us as members of this
body. Weknow,sir,that,inregardtothisrightof
instruction,there have been different opinions ever
since the foundation of the Government, or rather
the formation of the two great political parties in
the country—Democrats and Federalists.
I shall not enter into the discussion of this
question. It is not necessary. My colleague
docs not believe in the doctrine of instruction. I
do. The party to which he belongs hold with
him generally. The party with which I have
always acted hold that it is the duty of an agent
to consult the wishes and obey the instructions
of his principal—the power from which he holds
his office—and, if he cannot do so, to resign his
place, that one may fill it who will.
I will add but another word on this subject;
and that is, if my memory does not woefully de-
ceive me, two of the high authorities to which he
refers may be quoted also on the other side of
this question. The late Mr. Southard, when
Governor of the State, in a message to the Legis-
lature, maintained the right of representatives of
the people in New Jersey to instruct their Repre-
sentatives in Washington; and in a short time
afterwards, as a Senator of the United States,
when instructed himself, took the opposite ground,
as veiy corrcctly quoted by my colleague. And
General Wall, to whom he also refers, was well
known as not only holding the doctrine to be
sound and Democratic, but as carrying it out in
his own person and by his own vote.
Hut, Mr. President, this question of instruction
was not fairly presented by the resolutions which
have led my colleague into an argument on this
subject, and I will not pursue it. By these the
Senators and Representatives in Congress are
merely requested, not instructed, to support the
Crittenden resolutions and propositions. The
question of instruction, it will be seen, is not in-
volved in them—a request and an insinuation being
regarded as very different things in legislative pro-
ceedings; compliance, in one case, being consid-
ered, by one party at least, an obligation; and a
request, in the other, as leaving obedience entirely
discretionary.
Thus, the usual language employed in such res-
olutions is, that Senators in Congress be instructed,
and the members of the House be requested,
&c. And the reason for this difference in phrase-
oiogy is obvious. Senators are chosen by the
Legislatures, and represent the State; while mem-
bers, being representatives of districts, arc subject
only, in like manner, to the people who elected
them. The Legislature had no desire to make
these Senators "a mere machine to record their
ayes and noes;" but, on the contrary, they de-
sired to convey to them at this Capitol Avhatthcy
believed to be the feelings and wishes of their and
our constituents. And the Senator admits that
they had better opportunities of knowing what
these were than he had, being more distant from
them. They earnestly desired the restoration of
peace to the country, and expressed such anxious
desire to their Senators in the only form in which
they could do so; and adopted the expression of a
request instead of an instruction, to avoid wound-
ing our pride of place or delicate sensibilities.
My colleague also hesitates to obey these " in-
stitutions," bccausc he believes them to be con-
trary to the wishes of the people of that State ;
and ho " listens to the instructions contained in
the expression of their voices at the last election."
Ah, sir, would that he would only listen to them
and obey them, rather than instructions from any
other quarter. What, sir, are they? The author-
ity to which I will refer my friend is one that he
will hardly repudiate. It is the Tribune Alma-
nac, very carefully prepared, and certainly with
no view to diminish the strength of the popularity
of Mr. Lincoln. From this "it appears that Mr.
Lincoln received 58,324 votes, and the votes cast
against him were fit},801, or a majority against
him in that State of 4,477. But the vote which
Mr. Lincoln received was not due alone to the
mere strength of his party or his platform. The
tariff question had much to do with it. The people
were induced to believe that the Democratic can-
didates were unfriendly to the iron interest in
New Jersey, and the Opposition in favor of pro-
tecting it. This largely swelled the vote of the
Opposition.
And since the election, my colleague, I think,
should know that a mighty change has taken
place in his State against his party.
I confess, Mr. President, that when I read the
remarks of colleague on this point, I was more
than surprised; for I think I never knew the sen-
timents of the people of New Jersey more decided
011 any question than on that in regard to a settle-
ment " of the questions in dispute between the
people of the northern and southern States," by
the adoption of the resolutions and propositions
of the Senator from Kentucky, " or any other con-
stitutional method that will permanently settle the
question of slavery."
I will go further, and give it as my decided
opinion that these resolutions of the Legislature
would be sustained by the people of New Jeisey
by an enormous vote. The general feeling in the
State has been, I think, that the South had been
aggrieved; had just cause of complaint against
some of the free States; and that its wrongs should
be redressed; and that peace, security , and equality
should be secured to it by constitutional guaran-
tees which could not be violated. And these un-
doubtedly could have been obtained, better and
easier, had the Gulf and cotton States remained m
the Union, instead of going out of it. My col-
league himself goes far to admit this. And yet,
sir, at the same time, in this connection, I am con-
strained to say that the lawless acts of the people
of the South in seizing, by violence, the propei iy
of the United States—its forts, arsenals, custom-
houses, post offices, hospitals, revenue cutters,
and even vessels employed in the scientific survey
of the coast—have greatly weakened the friendly
feeling that previously existed in the North to-
ward them. But notwithstanding this, I am con-
fident that even now a very large majority would
sustain the resolutions of the Legislature.
The third and last reason of my colleague for
disregarding these resolutions, it strikes me, is
not a very good one. It is because, as he says,
" the Legislature, with an accidental majority 111
one of its two branches, have undertaken to in-
struct us here to vote against the wishes of the
people, as declared in November last." Now,
to say nothing of the changes which have since
taken place in public sentiment in New Jersey,
as everywhere else, the November election, to
which he appeals, showed a majority, as I have
before stated, against the candidate of Chicago,
of forty-four hundred and forty-seven votes: and
in both branches of the Legislature there is also
a majority opposed to him; and the vote on these
resolutions was 11 to 6 in the Senate, and 31 to
11 in the House of Assembly. Now, I would
like to know whether he or they best understand
the wishes of the people?
So much, sir, for this third and last and worst
reason.
My colleague cannot differ more widely than I
do from those who assert the right of a State to
secede from theUnion at its own will andpleasuro.
Nothing, in my judgment, is less warranted 1111'10
history of the formation of our present Union than
the clairn of such a right under the Constitution;
and nothing more fatal to its preservation. If a
single State can, at any time and for any reason,
dissolve her connection with her confederates, the
whole fabric of our Government, held together and
cemented as one grand and perfect arch, may at
any moment fall to pieces, and all its paits be in-
volved in one common luin, by the rashness or
madncss of one of its members. The right of se-
cession cannot be found in the Constitution, if it
is not constructively forbidden there. If it is a
right at all, it is nothing but a revolutionary right;
and, I think, can only be maintained as such by
those who have lately so freely exercised it, and
by it have practically, at least for a time, dissolved
the Union.
But my friend says:
" If this Union he dissolved, the madness of the act will
he equaled only by its stupendous folly ? The dissolution
of the Union, did I say ! No, sir: no. it may he attempted ;
we may have stiifc and conflict; we may have blows and
blood>hed ; wc may have war. "gum visaged war hut
this Union of our father, this bleeped Union, thus priceless
heritage, cannot he destioyed without a struairte—a sniucile
long protracted. Nations epung not into being in a dav ;
