1861.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
195
SOtii Cong....2d Sess.
State of the Union—Mr. Kellogg.
Ho. of Reps,
We propose to you that we will give a guarantee
that, while the territorial condition lasts, you shall
not lie prevented from emigrating with persons
you hold as slaves, to any Territory south of the
line indicated.
Mr. WfNSLOW. What does my friend mean
wlu'n he says " we." Does ho mean that the Re-
publican party will accede to that proposition?
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. If it does not
come out of m}' tinge, I will answer any proposi-
tion or question.
Mr. FA RNSWORTH, I move that my col-
league's time be extended. [Cries of" Agreed!"
" Agreed!"]
Mr. WINSLOW. Does the gentleman mean
by " wc" that the Republican party and incom-
ing Administration will agree to the proposition
he offers ?
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I offer the prop-
osition. I do not know whether there will be any
4< we" m the matter. [Laughter.] I offer it;and 1
urge the Republicans to adopt it. I believe that
the: people will make them adopt it, and make the
South adopt it.
Mr. WINSLOW. I am delighted to hear the
gentleman speak so liberally.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE.'The gentleman
means by " we," we, the people.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I mean by((we,"
those who will go with me in support of my prop-
osition. In less than six months there will be a
vast majority of the people for it. I do not care
for the politicians. They are joined to their idols,
let them alone. [Laughter.]
I said it was proposed that they should have this
guarantee. Slavery exists there to-day by positive
enactment. It exists there by the decision of the
Supreme Court of the United States in the Dred
Scott case. It exists there to-day, in fact; and I
believe the people will say that they will not in-
terfere with it south of latitude 36° 30'. Is not
this all you can reasonably ask? Do you desire
to go north of that line? Look at the practical
result of your efforts to introduce slavery into
Kansas and Nebraska. You have had, for six
years since the Missouri compromise line was
abrogated, the Army of the United States, Con-
gress, the Executive, and the highest judicial
tribunal known to our laws, to aid you; and yet
you have not got a dozen slaves into Kansas.
What higher agency than you have had to sustain
you, can you expect or desire? Nor do I believe,
with all these influences at your command, you
could ever permanently establish the institution
of slavery in either Kansas or Nebraska. Will
you, then, insist upon disruptingthe Government,
because you cannot, in fact, establish an institu-
tion neither in harmony with the moral sense of
the people to be affected, nor required by the
physical demands of the country?
ff you do, go on in your mad career, and we
will meet you at Philippi, first with the compro-
mises proposed, and then with the power of the
Government. To northern men let me say, when
you charge me with proposing to extend slavery,
t want you to go to your constituents and tell
them, upon the stump and at the hustings, where
this proposition will extend slavery over one inch
of our public domain. Slavery is already in New
Mexico by law, and by the decisions of the courts.
I have said, m the proposition I have offered, that
I will not prevent emigration there; but the prop-
osition will not, it does not, and by its t^-ma it
cannot, carry slavery one inch furthei than where
it now exists It leaves it where it is. And you
of the South cannot complain, for you cannot go
with slavery north of that line; and you of the
Noith cannot complain, for it does not force sla-
very anywhere, but establishes freedom over the
great northwestern territory—the veiy doetiinc
which you pioclaimed upon every stump in your
districts. Yet you tell me I have adopted the
Dred Seottdecision and the Breckinridge platform
of the extension of slavery everywhere.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I wish to ask my col-
league whether he will adhere to his proposition
if he believes the effect will be to make all terri-
tory south of 36° 30' slave States ?
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. Into slave States?
i say to my friend that when I offered my prop-
osition, 1 offered it with a determination to adhere
to all its legal and logical consequences.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Then you would?
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. You have my
answer. Did the gentleman, when he voted for
the Crittenden-Montgomery measure, vote for it
as a cheat, or in good faith r
Mr. FARNSWORTH. When I voted for the
Crittenden-Montgomery amendment, I voted for
it knowing that the people of Kansas svould make
a free-State constitution. I was as well satisfied of
it as I would be should I refer a matter to the ar-
bitration of three persons, two of whom were
committed to me, that they would find in my
favor.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. And yet, as a
Representative of one of the proudest northwest-
ern States, my colleague says he took a constitu-
tion, already chipping with complaint and wrong,
covered with slavery of the deepest hue, and held
it out to the people, and said: if you take it, you
come into the Union;'and now he says he did not
mean to do what he did do. He did not mean to
make it a slave State; but he told the people they
might make it a slave State; and, as they might
decide, he would be content. I voted for it after
great reflection, and with great doubt of the pro-
priety of it; but I yielded, and I voted because I
voted for a principle. I said then, as I have said
often since, having taken the step, I will stand by
the record; and I will not oppose the introduction
of a slave State if the people fairly will it. That
is the doctrine of the Crittenden-Montgomery
amendment. That is what my colleague voted
for; what every man who voted for it voted for;
and if they voted fairly and honestly then, they
will now vote for my proposition, unless there
are other objections to it than those made by my
colleague.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. My colleague voted
for the Crittenden amendment, and I believe for
the same reason; at least the sequel showed that
we were right in our suppositions in regard to it.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. HINDMAN I hope the time of the gen-
tleman from Illinois will be extended.
Mr. BURNETT. His time was extended some
time ago by unanimous consent. [Cries of u Go
on !" " Go on !"j
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Furthermore, at the
time we adopted the Crittenden-Montgomery
amendment to the Lecompton bill, we were forced
to the alternative either to admit Kansas under
the Lecompton constitution ajg a slave State, or
refer the matter back to the people; and it was for
that alternative I voted. We aid vote to refer it
to the people, believing, as we did, that the peo-
ple would vote against it. The sequel proved that
wc were right.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. My friend says
he voted under compulsion; that he was forced
to vote as he did. Before God, as humble as I
am, there is no power on earth that can make mo
vote under compulsion, and as myjudgment does
not lead me.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. My judgment led me
to vote as I did.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. Your judgment
lad you to vote as you did. Now, had it turned
out that the people had adopted that constitution,
what would have been your answer? That, had
you thought the result would have been different,
you would never have voted to submit the con-
stitution to the people. My God, with the pros-
pect of a disruption of our Government resting
upon the soul, the heart, and the conscience of
every man, will you not, when you yielded so n\uch
then, yield a little now to save your country,
when you could bend then to pass the Crittenden-
Montgomery amendment ?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Will my friend allow
me 
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. If my friend
wants an oppoitumty to discuss this matter, I
have no objection.
Mr. SIMMS. I object to these interruptions.
I am willing, howevei, that the time should be
extended, if it is not taken out of the time of my
friend from North Carolina, [Mr. Smith,] who
is to follow the gentleman from Illinois.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I was on this
point of my argument 
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Does my colleague
decline to yield?
Mr. kellogg, of Illinois. I do not decline.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. One objection cannot
prevent it. 1 understand my colleague to appeal
to me-—
Mr. SIMMS. I object.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I understand my col-
league yields. His time has been extended, and
he has a right to yield.
Mr. McCLERNAND. I hope it will not be
for a repetition of the same matter.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I am a good deal
exhausted, and I shall soon be through with my
remarks.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. My colleague asks
me if I would not yield a. little to save the Union. I
understand that the people of the United States,
in the last election, pronounced a verdict. There
were four candidates before the people, and four
platforms: the Breckinridge platform, which rec-
ognized the validity of the Dred Scott decision
as applicable to all the Territories of the United
States^andas extending slavery there; and Doug-
las and his platform of squatter sovereignty, pro-
posing to give to the people of the Territories the
right to form their own domestic institutions, and
to come into the Union as States, with or without
slavery, as they should determine. My col-
league's proposition is about this, that to all Ter-
ritories north of 36° 30' the Douglas platform shall
apply; and to Territories south of that line, he
applies the Breckinridge platform and the Dred
Scott decision.
I will not yield these principles. No, sir; I
will not yield the principle that slavery shall be
extended over that Territory to save the Union
I believe that the*priuciples of liberty are worth
more than Government. Govornmcntis ordained
to subserve and protect those principles of liberty;
and when it becomes subversive of those ends, it
is the rightand duty of the people to set aside that
Governmentand revolutionize it. I do not believe
that the Republican party is a myth, or its prin-
ciples a humbug, i am not willing to tell this
House and the country that the Republican party,
m the Ustcampaign, were fighting fot a humbug,
and on false pretenses; maintaining that their
principles were worth contending Tor, and then
suddenly turning round and saying to the coun-
try that we have no principles.
Air. KELLOGG, of Illinois. My colleague
certainly docs not comprehend my position, ofhe
would not so sadly mistake it; but 1 believe he
differs with me just where I thought he would
When this Government is in danger; when ruin
sits enthroned above us, darting its shafts at our
very hearts, my friend plants himself upon an ob-
jection to my proposition—that it was embraced
in the Douglas platform, in the Breckinridgc plat-
form, or in the platform of some party. That is
the only force his objection has. Men that base
themselves upon the hopes of a party arc not with
me. I am for the country above all parties, [ap-
plause in the galleries,] and I do not care whether
my proposition is found in the Douglas platform,
in the Breckinridge platform, or in any platform
on earth, if it will save my country. [Renewed
applause m the galleries.]
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Curtis in
the chair.) Order must be preserved in the gal-
leries.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I
hate to differ with my friend from Chicago, our
relations have been so kind and friendly; but
when he says that he would not depart from his
platform to save the Union, let me advise him to
emigrate to South Carolina, where they declare
that rather than yield theirpolitical opinions, they
will destroy this Union. But how stands this
matter in regard to this question of slave States?
By the compromise of 1850, the Government was
pledged to admit States with such institutions as
their people might adopt in all the Territories
south of latitude 360 30'. That was the pledge
of the great men of 18.50; and it and its kindred
measure, the Missouri compromise, gave peace
to the Union. Would to God that we could have
been spared the repeal of the Missouri compro-
mise, with all its attendant evils and calamito^
results. Is my friend from Chicago q \iyfc *ur£
that'he voted right in the last presidential ejec-
tion, when he voted for Linequiii' Mr. Lincoln
declared that if the Territories were kept free
