186
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 1,
36x11 Cong....2d Sess.
State of the Union—Mr. Leach.
Ho. of Reps.
during their territorial condition, he could not ob-
ject'to the introduction of States, either with or
'without slavery, as the people thereof should
determine.
"And, sir, I propose to put this territory north
of 36° 30' in the exact condition indicated by Mr.
Lincoln—that when States were formed from that
territory he would not oppose their introduction
into the Union, either as free or slave.
Now, sir, if my friend from the Chicago dis-
trict wants to get on the stool of repentance, and
to retract and repudiate that vote for Mr. Lin-
coln, let him do it; but let him not charge me with
•departing from the faith o£the party.
Mr. Speaker, having made this explanation of
the proposition that I have offered, let mo reply
to what my colleague has stated. Let me tell him
my proposition is not to be found in any of the
platforms to which he referred. The leading fea-
ture of it is to establish freedom where it does not
exist to-day. Slavery exists to-day south of that
lino. Do you wish to establish freedom in all the
territory north of it, and to make it as fixed and j
certain as the eternal hills? Or do you want tins
interminable slavery question forever to rankle in
the.hearts and consciences of the people? If you
do,"I say to you, in God's name, do not vote-for
my proposition. Let him who is willing to tol-
erate a difference of opinion on this question in
different parts of this great country, adopt it and
establish freedom north of this line. It is thp very
doctrine, sir, for which you and I fought in the
last campaign: make it certain forever.
We in Illinois never pledged ourselves to abol-
ish slavery in one inch of the ufh-itory of the Uni-
ted States. The Republican party never advo-
cated the abolishment of slavery . But we pledged
ourselves to prevent its extension. By the law
of the Dred Scott decision, it is extended all over
tile country. Now, under this proposition, till
the territory north of 36° Ii0' is made tree, and
slavery left iust where it is, south of that line.
Does my colleague object to that proposition ?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I will answer my col-
league.
Mr. SIMMS. I object to any such interrup-
tion.
Mr. HINDMAN. This is an inquisition into
the meaning of the Chicago platform, as I undei-
stumHt, by experts; and I hope the gentleman will
be allowed to go on with it.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. As objection is
made to interruption, I must, of course, decline to
yield. These questions of political significance
"pass by me as the idle wind, which I regard
not." I care but little for them.
I was asking, sir, whether the people of the
North are willing to take all and more than they
cxpected to get by the great triumph which they
achieved in November last? Slavery exists by
law now in New Mexico and Arizona; and, sir,
this line cuts off nearly a hundred miles of the
northern portion of lhat territory, and excludes
slavery therefrom. Gentlemen,all that you said
to the people on the stump was, that you desired
to prevent the extension of slavery. You did not
say that you desired to abolish it. Oh, gentle-
men ! you can settle this question, and save the
country, and save the immutable principles of free-
dom and liberty, or you can fritter it till away by
the mad fanaticism of political aspiiation. Which
will you do? Republicans, will you unbend a
little? And will you of the South, too, stop this
secession movement, and come up here as true
men,laying your prejudices upon the nltarol our
country, and with your eye fixed upon that God
in whose hand are the destinies of the nation,
swear that the country shall be preserved m all
its integrity and all its glory'
You will. The day is dawning. The clouds
are dispersing. Hope springs within me as 1
contemplate the insignificance of the qorstions
that divide us, and the mighty objects to be at-
tained m the salvation of the country and the hope
of liberty in th'e world.
Mr. Speaker, if any ask me, " what if all this
fail ?" If you ask me, " will the South take it ?"
I cannot answer. True, men say they will; but,
if not, I have done my duty. 1 have discharged
my trust. When that fails, I will go further. 1
will go to the people of my own loved State for
vindication. If you cannot settle this matter here.
conduit1 ration the u-port from
of tliutv-threc—
we will refer it to the people, the source of power,
the glory of the "world. They will settle these
questions themselves. But if they cannot settle
them, then i am for the maintenance of the Gov-
ernment, for I believe in its vitality and power for j
self-presetvation. If every peaceable measure
fails, i will do as did our fathers when they dis-
rupted the ties between the colonies and the mother
country. Wronged and oppressed, they proposed,
they expostulated, they argued, they entreated;
and, when all hope was lost, they appealed to the
God of battles for the justice of their cause. Whan
that time shall come; when I have exhausted all
argument, all expostulation, all hope of a peace-
ful solution, then I have but. one more duty to
perform; then 1 will appeal to the God of battles, |
laising the bannerthat floats over our heads,and j
saying to my countrymen, " rally around your j
flag, sustain your country," and if we must go (
down, we will go down with the flag ot our i
country in (an* hands, and our Heavenly leather 1
will bless the effort and raise it again, till the I
glory of our Republic shall be as eternal as the ;
heavens. [Applause on the floor and in tlie gal
ieries.]  
STATE OK THE UNION.
SPEECH OF HON. J. M. LEACH,
01? noktii carolina,
In the Hottsk of Representatives,
February 7, 1sg1.
The House having unri<
tlx; eicloct commute
Mr. LEACHr of Noith Carolina, said:
Mr. Speaker: Infinitely the most momentous
question of the ago, and probably tin; most im-
portant one in the future history of tine world, is
presented for consideration to us who sit around
the council-boaid of the nation—the Representa-
tives of the freest Government and the greatest
people on the face of the earth.
And, sir, I am sorry that I can brine: but little
of the prestige of public service or public station
to gi ve force and consideiation to any thing I may
be able to .>ay.
It is a question of union or disunion—a ques-
tion that involves peace, happiness, prospet sty,
and greatness,on the one hand; and war, blood-
shed, misery, and ruin, on the other. Tins Con-
gress of the American nation is about to make a
solemn decision, and deliberately record its action
as such, upon that question and political princi-
ple which underlies the entire fiame-work and
superstructure of our groat constitutional lubi ic—
man's capucitij for wfj-govemmeiit.
Thirty million of our people—to say nothing
of the nations of other lands—are looktngon with
intense anxiety and in breathless suspense, to
see what will he the result of our action, and
whether we shall meet the Just expectations of
the country, and of the civilized world. The
throbbing of the great Ameiican heart with al-
ternate emotions of hope and t< ar, are felt from
one end of this Union to the other.
We an; in the midst of a revolution, as yet,
th.ink God! bloodless-, but how long, considering
the mighty events that arc hurrying us rapidly
onward, it may remain .so, no one can toil. V/c
should meet the issues that are pressing upon us,
and grapple with the difficulties and dangers that
so oppress the country, recognizing them as they
really exist, and deal with them as fuels m a prac-
tical way by the full oxetcise ot our best reason,
and m the true spirit ofan enlarged patriotism.
And the first general question presented for so-
lution in-this ahum nig ci tMs of the country is, can
our sectional difficulties and t roubles be mottled by
! the Representatives oi'th<> American people now
in Congress assembled? Can the Constitution
and the Union be preserved, and peace and har-
mony restored to a distracted land t And can this
adjustment and settlement be made upon a fair
basis, honotable alike to all sections, upon prin-
ciples of justice and equity ? Sir, 1 maintain that
it can and ought to be done. And as an Ameri-
can citizen, glorying in that proud nam'"1, and as
a Representative on this floor, in the name of my
patriotic constituency, m the name of tlie law-
abiding and Union-loving people of North Caro-
lina, in the name of the whole country, I demand
it. Sir, I envy not the man—now that the clouds
of ourpublic misfortunes, warmed with the Lght-
nings'and freighted with the thunders of threat-
ened dissolution, have thickened to a tempest,
and the voice of our countiy's calamity is calling
us to her relief—I envy not the man, be he in pub-
hcor private station, from the North or from the
South, who shall gaze on the tempest with indif-
ferent eyes, heed not the importunate voice, or,
with a cold heart, turn a deaf ear to the appealing
call. I thank Heaven I do not envy such a man.
My feelings would incline me rather to bestow
upon him my pity, mingled, perhaps, with a less
amiable sentiment.
The imperiled condition of this great country;
the threatened dangers of civil war, with all its
untold horrors, render it a dutybounden and im-
perative upon every member on this floor, in the
exercise of the loftiest patriotism, to rise supciior^
to paity platforms, political organizations, and'
sectional rancor, to the true dignity of the great
questions at issue; and from the high stand-point
of tlie Constitution and its guarantees, survey the
difficulties and differences in dispute between the
two sections with firm resolve and patriotic en- ^
deavor to settle and adjust them, as wise s'stes- "
men should do, in the same spirit of mutual for-
bearance, conciliation, and compromise in which
our fathers—inspired with the genius of great
deeds, after months of labor, toil, and anxious
consultation, invoking Heaven's blessing upon
their efforts—formed and established for them-
selves and their posterity that great than and
glorious bulwaik of civil, political, and religious
liberty, the Constitution of the United States. Sir,
those Representatives who, either from a supine
indifference to the troubles that environ the coun-
try, or from feelings of disloyalty to the Consti-
tution, shall fail to meet the question in this spirit,
will be held, in my judgment, not only to a pain-
ful responsibility at the forum of conscience, but
will deserve and receive the execrations of mil-
lions living and millions yet unborn, to say noth-
ing of a fearful retribution hereaftci, when the
moti\es and actions of men shall be weighed at
] the gates of eternity !
| Such, Mr. Speaker, are the responsibilities that
' attach to us, who art: charged and intrusted with
I those gr.ive matters of such weighty and solemn
; impoit by anxious and confiding constituencies,
| whose patriotic appeals for the peipetuity of the
i Union, and urged with earnest importunity, are
I coming up 'to us daily m the various forms of
I prayers, memorials, petitions, letters, i evolutions
| of prmuu y meetings, and immense Union demon-
j strations held all over the land; all looking to the
one great object of the settlement of our sectional
1 troubles—the restoration of pefice, and the salva-
i tion of the Union.
| And this responsibility of settling our dilKcul-
j ties rests mainly upon you, gentlemen of the Re-
publican party, who are now dominant in both
. Houses of Congress, and who have recently at-
■ tamed power and are about to assume the adinni-
; istration of the General Government. And you
should come to the rescue promptly; for it ism
vain to talk about delay until after the inaugura-
tion of your President. I greatly fear it will then
bo too late. The excitement of the country is
; becoming too intensified to wait longer. 1 he peo-
; pie aiy growing impatient, and air everywhere
;! asking, why nothing is done? k would be re-
l' garded as a great piece of folly to wait until the
j, dwelling is burned down, rtnd then to call out lust-
j ily for The firemen and the engines; or, after the
■ I patient is dead, to call in the physician to ascer-
i tain (he nature of the disease. " Folly made
| drunk" could not more fatally err. No, sir, nn-
| less there is an immediate return to the obllga-
i tjons of thet^onxtitution, and a recognition of the
j equality of all th" States, and a guarantee of the
I rights of the South, by the people of the North,
1 in view of the rapid progress that revolution has
; already made, peace cannot, 1 fern*, be much longer
! maintained, or the Union much longer be pre-
served.
Why? sir, the first gieat difficulty in the way
to an amicable odjastment of our deferences, is
the sad and startling fact that the broad regis of
( the Constitution no longer spreads its peaceful and
|l protecting shelter over thirty-three States; but six
