780
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 7,
make, what arrangement shall we prepare, for
such a contingency. It cannot be reasonably ex-
pected that Congress will, in such an event, make
any propositions for amendment to strip them-
selves of power which has been already delegated
to them. We therefore must not look to Congress
for relief in such an emergency at all. Hence it
was that provision was made in the same article
for such an event, for such .a contingency, by
providing that if two thirds of the States shall
pass resolutions requesting the call of a general
convention for the purpose of proposing amend-
ments to the Constitution, Congress shall call it.
They said, if the States want the Constitution
amended, let them amend it as it was made, by a
national convention; let them see each other all
around; let them compare their views; let them
see each other face to face, and then make such
arrangements as the circumstances at the time
may require; and when they have thus proposed
their amendments, Congress shall send those prop-
ositions totheStates,eitherin their Legislatures or
their conventions, for adoption. It will be observed
that in the latter arrangement the first leading fea-
ture is this: when the people or the States want
amendments which they suppose they need, they
are to have them whether Congress will or not; if
they call a national convention in this way, Con-
gress has no power to stop it, but is obliged to
call it without knowing what amen.dments will be
proposed. The States are not bound, in their res-
olutions which ask for a general convention, to
state what amendments they want; but simply to
declare that they want a convention; and Con-
gress, in case two thirds of the States join in the
call, is bound to call it; and again, when it is
called, and it proposes amendments, Congress
has no right to examine into the merits of those
amendments, but is bound to send them out to
the States at once; it is imperative on Congress
to do so.
Hence it is we sec, Mr. President, provision is
here made iliat amendments to the Constitution
are to come from those who want them. No idea
entered into their heads in those days that the old
rule of'common sense would be over thrown, which
is, that propositions for relief of any kind should
come from those who want it, and not from those
who do not want it. Now, let us apply this to our
present condition. Docs this General Govern-
ment feel the want of any more delegated power?
Has experience shown that our General Govern-
ment docs not operate smoothly, for the want of
some other delegated power that we need? Not
at all. No one suggests anything of that kind;
we wantnothing of that kind. What next' What
is wanted, or what is said to be wanted? It is
said that a number of the States desire amend-
ments to the Constitution forthcir security. I am
not about to enter into the merits of those amend-
ments; but ( soy that is said to be the case. Now,
is it not, from the piovision of the Constitution
to which I have alluded, perfectly obvious as to
how such ail object is to be reached? I think it
is clear; it leaves no doubt about it. Well, sir,
have any of these States ever made any attempt
to call a national convention to get a redress of
grievances according to the Constitution ? Not
one. Some of them have ilown into secession;
others are threatening it; hut not an attempt has
been made "by any of them to get any redress
within the Constitution at all. I have nothing to
say of that, particularly; but I say that Congress
ought not to undertake to exercise the power which
is given to get amendments which they need, for
the purpose of getting amendments for the States,
which it is said they need. It is to pervert the
Uhes for which it was given to them by so doing.
Such attempts will always fail; and it is obvious
why they will fail. First, we undertake to ron-
jeeture what the States want. We are going about
here framing amendments to send out to the peo-
ple. .What amendments? Anything we wan tor
need ' No; but something which it is conjectural
the States need. Who knows what they need?
Who knows what they want? Who knows what
they will be satisfied with > Have they mani-
fested Jt to us? En no way. It is a mere matter of
conjecture; and however much respect I may have
for the source from which these conjectures come,
still for all I cannot but see that it is a lame and im-
potent attempt to use a power which was granted
for one purpose to effect another and an entirely
different one.
Now, Mr. President, let me go a little further,
to show its inapplicability. Suppose we agree to
the amendments here. Have the people of the
different States ever seen each other in convention,
and understood each other's views about them?
Never at all; but we are going to make them up
here, and invent them ourselves, initiate them,
and send them out to the States, and ask them
to act upon them without ever seeing each other
at all. The attempt never can succeed. In the
nature of the thing, it cannot succeed. The pro-
vision of the Constitution is not adapted, never
was meant, to secure any such purpose by the
action of Congress, originating amendments for
the States, which they have not asked for.
The conclusion, then, I come to after what re-
flection I can give it, is, that as I view this part
of the Constitution, which I think very clear when
read and considered in the light of the circum-
stances in which it was made, I never can under-
take to participate here in undertaking to make up,
and invent, and contrive, and conjecture amend-
ments for States, which the States themselves
have never asked for. I think it is entirely mal-
apropos. It will be entirely unsuccessful; and the
very fact now that you find such odds and ends,
such various opinions about what they shall be,
and a thousand projects that are presented to us,
the very fact that you find yourselves in this con-
dition, manifests that the principle which I state
is right. It shows that you are in this condition
because you are trying to use an instrumentality
which you have for one purpose for another, for
which it was never prepared, and to which it is
not at all adapted. Now, Mr. President, I have
one other 
Mr. BIGLER. A single 
Mr. COLLAMER. I desire to finish what I
have to say, and then I will hear the gentleman's
question. I do not desire to be interrupted now.
Mr. BIGLER. I desire simply to understand
the Senator on a point which, I supposed,it would
be very agreeable to him to illustrate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Bright
in the chair.) Does the Senator from Vermont
yield the floor.
Mr. COLLAMER. The gentleman says he
wishes me to explain. If that is all, I yield.
Mr. BIGLER. I certainly had no wish to in-
terrupt the Senator from Vermont; but I sup-
posed that so universal aprivilege,in all kindness
and forbearance, would be accorded 
Mr. COLLAMER. Proceed, sir; ask your
question.
Mr. BIGLER. I simply ask the Senator from
Vermont to tell us how he reconciles the theory
which he lays down with the fact that the very
first amendment made to the Constitution, with
reference to the sovereignty of States, was sub-
mitted by Congress?
Mr. COLLAMER. I will answer you entirely,
if you will hear me through. You need not in-
terrupt me. You will hear it all.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is the duty
of the Chair to announce that the hour for the spe-
cial order has arrived.
Mr. COLLAMER. I hope I shall be allowed
to go 011. [" Certainly!" " Certainly!"]
Mr. FOOT. I hope, by common consent, the
special order will be passed over informally, until
my colleague shall have concluded his remarks.
I presume the whole Senate are desirous to hear
him upon this point. [" Certainly!"]
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there be no
objection, the Senator may proceed. The Chair
hears none.
Mr. COLLAMER. I have said nothing, and
shall say nothing which can possibly involve the
feelings of different sides, or different parties in
the Senate. At this time, I have nothing to say
about that. I rise to make remarks due to myself
in relation to the memorial which I have presented,
which invokes the exercise of the power of Con-
gress in relation to constitutional amendments.
An illustration may be drawn from our history, in
confirmation of the principles which I have stated.
In the election of President of the United States,
in 1801, it was found that the arrangements which
had been made in the Constitution did not operate
smoothly. There was almost a failure in the Gov-
ernment. Congress then thought the contingency
had arisen for which this provision was made,
and Congress proposed an amendment in order to
be relieved of that difficulty. They sent it out to
the States. That was exactly what Congress
ought to have done. It was adopted.
I come now to another thing, which 1 was just
about to speak of when the Senator from Penn-
sylvania interposed. It is quite easy to imagine
—and our own history presents a precedent for
it—this state of things. Suppose, for instance, a
State, or a certain number of States—not two
thirds—do not desire to call a general convention,
either because of a want of time or some other
excuse, no matter what; they dosire no general
revision; they only desire one or two particular
amendments; and suppose that one, two, three or
more States should state to us that they desired
the following articles of amendment to be adopted
as part of the Constitution of the United States,
(naming them,) and they present these to Con-
gress, with the petition or request that Congress
will submit them to the conventions or the Legis-
latures of the different States for adoption;—now
suppose such a state of things presents itself: how
would that fall within the principles which I have
before remarked upon ? When Congress prepares
amendments to the Constitution,and sends them
to the people, they express their approbation of
them; it implies that they are their amendments;
they make them—and it requires two thirds to
do it; which implies, I take it, the exercise of
their judgment, and a judgment so decisive as will
carry two thirds of the Senate and of the House
of Representatives. They are the amendments
which Congress want, anu which Congress ap-
prove.
But suppose one, two, or three States should
draw up some amendments that they say they do
want; not that we conjecture at; not that we guess;
but which they say they do want: what will you
do in such a case ? Suppose some of the States pre-
pare and reduce to proper form the amendments
which they desire; and they have so much confi-
dence in their sister States that they are willing to
submit them to them; for that very desire and re-
quest to submit them implies a confidence: now,
what should Congress do on an occasion of that
kind? I think it is quite clear what they should do.
1 believe Congress should not pass on the merits
of those amendments. It is a petition, a respectful
petition, asuitable petition. I should not think that
Congress should not present them as their amend-
ments. Well, how would you do it? I would
do it in this way. I would recite that whereas
such and such certain States (naming them) had
prepared such and such articles of amendment to
the Constitution, and had presented them to Con-
gress, and had requested Congress to submit them
to the States, therefore, and in pursuance of that
request, Congress present them to the States for
adoption; and do it by the two-thirds majority
required by the Constitution to render the proposal
effective.
I grant, when they are amendments which Con-
gress prepared, undoubtedly it is implied that they
express their approbation of them; but in the ease
I am supposing, and which I consider a middle
case between the two, no approbation or disap-
probation of Congress is expressed or implied,
nor is it necessary. Let me read the article:
"The Congress, whenever two thirds of both Ileuses
Shall deem it necessary, shall propose amendments to this *
Constitution, or, on the application of the Legislatures of
two thirds of the several States, shall call a convention for
proposing amendments, which, in either case, shall be valid
to all intents- and purposes as part of this Constitution,
When ratified by the Legislatures of three fourths of the
several States, or bv conventions in three fourths thereof,
as the one or the other mode of ratification may be pro-
posed by the Congress."
It does not say that Congress shall recommend
the amendments, or any of them. It is said that
they shall propose the amendments, but not that
they shall recommend them. I think Congress,
when there is a respectful petition by any State
for certain articles of amendment, should pass such
a joint resolution as I have just indicated, with the
recital or preamble thereto.
Now, I come to the ease that the Senator from
Pennsylvania alludes to. When the States adopted,
in their several conventions,-this United States
Constitution, several of the States recommended
certain amendments; a number of the States did;
I do not know whether two thirds, or all; but a
number of them recommended certain amendments
to the Constitution. What did Congress do with
them? They were not amendments that Congress
prepared. What did they do? The States, in
