1861.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
,197
36tti Cono....2h Skss.
State of the Union—Mr. Leach.
Ho. of "Reps.
have already, with erratic eccentricity, shot madly
fiom their orbits, and from the system in winch
they have heretofore revolved so harmoniously.
They have left the great sisterhood, and are es-
saying to set up for themselves.
Mr. Speaker, let us so legislate as to bring them
back; not by menace, not by waging an unnatural
war upon them, but by kindness, by expostula-
tion, and by reason; by appeals, such as have
nevcryetbeen made in vain to American citizens—
in the name of their beloved country.
I have, therefore, felt it to be a paramount duty,
during the whole of the session, to utter no word,
do no act,give no vote,that might have the slight-
est tendency to widen the breach, increase the ex-
citement, inflame the passions,oradd to the rancor
of our unfortunate sectional hostility, but rather
to allay this excitement,.calm those passions, and
harmonize the conflicting interests of nil sections;
and, with this leading idea as the guide of my
actions, I have given votes which, under other
conditions, and circumstances of less exigency, I
might not have given.
Sir, with the view of understandingmoreclearly
the precise nature and character of the questions
at issue, 1 desire to glance briefly at the causes,
gradually increasing and multiplying, which have
finally produced the present alarming crisis, and
distracted state of the country. And I shall do so,
disclaiming any purpose of crimination of any
party—for the questions for consideration involve
 the whole countty in too much danger to allow
any party feelings to enter into their discussion—
but with the hope of endeavoring to apply to them
the tests of truth and logic, so as to ascertain
whether ihere cannot he found a remedy and a
redress for ali the grievances, real or imaginary,
with which the country is so much afflicted.
For more than twenty years the subject of sla-
very has 'been actively agitated m both sections
of the Union, ana often by wicked men and un-
scrupulous demagogues, who, by means of such
agitation, by inflaming the minds of their respect-
ive constituencieo, and arraying those sections
against each other, have frequently succeeded in
getting into power, and, by its abuse, have sent
out all over the land, m the form of speeches, cir-
cular, and pamphlets, misrepresentations of the
real feelings, opinions, and sentiments of the people
of one section towards those of the other; and the
country has passed through several crises seriously
threatening its integrity, broughton and fostered
by such continued agitation. And at last, the
Democratic party, flushed with succy^ses, and feel-
ing secure in power, in an evil hour of foliy and
madness, repealed the Missouri compromise—that
solemn compact enacted and agreed upon by the
great statesmen of the last generation. By this
most unfortunate and mischievous legislation of
the great Democratic paity, " the sceptcr departed
from Judah," and it lost alike its prestige and its
power. It is all but universally admitted, in every
quarter and by every party, that it is to the repeal
of the Missouri compromise mainly,together with
the supposed coiruption and reckless extrava-
gance of the present Administration, that the Re-
publican party owes its complete organization,
and on account of which it has acquired its pres-
ent strength and achieved its victory in the late
presidential contest.
After the disruption of the Democratic party
at Chaileston, under the lead and dextrous man-
agement of Mr. Yancey—a well known and dis-
tinguished disunionist—and the nomination of
Mr. Bteckmridge subsequently by the southern
wing of the party, it will bu remembered by many
thousands whom 1 addressed during the presi-
dential canvass, that I pi edicted, in common with
others who took an active part in that contest,
that the defeat of Mr. Breckinridge, which every
body anticipated, and the election of Mr. Lincoln,
the other sectional candidate, would be seized
upon as a pretextfordestroying the Union. This
was denied in unqualified terms, and I never saw
or hejid of a man m the whole State who favored
the breaking up of the Union in the event of his
election, however much it was to bo deprecated.
And this brings me to the consideration of the
doctrine of secession, and its dangerous conse-
quences. I will not consumc my time by argu-
ing the question of the right of secession further
than to say that, in my judgment, there can be
found no warrant for it in the Constitution; and
no foundation for it, as derived m any way from
that instrument. If a State has a constitutional
right to secede, then the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States would be subject to the will and control
of every State in the Union. It would be the
mere creature, not only of all the States, butalso
of any one of them; for it could be destroyed at
any time by any State. It seems to me that the
mere statement of the proposition carries upon its
face its own refutation, it is a solccism to speak
of the constitutional right of secession; for it means
revolution. I regard it as a dogma, not only in-
defensible, but dangerous.
I cannot see how secession, even if constitu-
tional, can afford any remedy for the grievances
of the South; and it is certainly a matter of pro-
foundest regret that the cotton States, following
in the lead of South Carolina, have seen fit to
withdraw from the Union. I submit that this
action of the cotton States was precipitate, unjus-
tifiable,and unwise; and that in acting thus,they
have shown themselves wanting in respect to their
sister slave States; especially when it is remem-
bered that but for this withdrawal, and the con-
sequent retiring from these Halls of their respect-
ive delegations, there would have been a decided
majority in both Houses of Congress against the
incoming Administration—with the power, there-
fore, to have controlled the legislation of the coun-
try. This should have been considered; and all
honoiable and peaceful means should have been
exhausted before taking a step involving such
tremendous issues, and Iraught with such fearful
consequences.
But has the South no cause of complaint of
northern hostility to its interests, and of north-
ern aggressions? Sir, I maintain it has; and that
there is not a member on this floor who does not
know it, and in his conscience feej it. And it is a
sad comment unftn the patriotism of the times,
and most discouraging to have to witness, from
day to day, the stoical indiflen lice and stolid ob-
stinacy of northern members, while the disinte-
gration of States is going on, and the Union is
being dissolved. Representatives of the North,
these troubles have been brought on by your
gradual but persistent encroachments upon the
rights of the South, as manifested in your personal
liberty bills; your exclusion of the South, with
their slave property, from the Territories, in der-
ogation of the decision of the Supreme Court of
the United States in t lie Dred Scott case; your de-
nial of property in slaves upon the quibble that
they are " persons" only;and this, too, when you
know that slavery existed in twelve of the ori-
ginal thirteen States at the time of the formation of
the Constitution* and that it is recognized in that
instrument, and when, but the other day, your
leader, [Mr. Corwin,] so distinguished as a
statesman and a lawyer, said in his speech:
" lie looked upon thru as piop<>ity which, owing a man
labor, could lie converted into value m good* or money.
That ho cailud propoty. He did not moan to s-ay thatmrm
had piopeitv in man , but theie was a relationship existing
between <i s-lave and In* ownet winch vv.is recognized by
the United Statesj in tin--, to wit: that everv rUale tce-
ogni/,o-> the light of a master to establish liwctann tnauui-
away slave. That jclationsiup which exited between a
man who owes labor arid hnn to whom it is due was calied
slavery."
Your threatened interference with slavery in
the District of Columbia, and in the forts, arse-
nals, and dock-yards; youi " nrepressible con-
flict" dogma, of eventually striking down slavery
m the States—as promulgated not only by Mr.
Seward, but before him, by your chieftain, Mr.
Lincoln—urgmgupon the opponents of slavery to
arrest its further expansion, and " place it where
the public mind can lest in the belief that it is in
the course of ultimate extinction "—for such are
his identical words: your triumph as a sectional
party on the one idea of hostility to slavery in the
election of sectional candidates, who, on account
of their sectional views, failed to iecei\e one elec-
toral vote in fifteen of the States of the Union;
thus organizing and bringing into power a sec-
tional party, in utter disregard of the warning
voice of the Father of his County, who, " though
dead, yet speaketh "—ay! sirs, in that immortal
State paper, his Farewell Address, George Wash-
ington speaks to you in fervid eloquence^ and
earnest remonstrance to abandon your sectional
organization and become national by coming to
the rescue of the nation in this its hour of wail.
Thus have I briefly summed up'the main'griev-
ances, either existing or threatened, of which the
South complains. 1 have done so, I trust, with
no improper feelings, and in no spirit of menace,
but with the view of presenting those grievous
complaints and wrongs which my section of the
country has been subjected to for years, and -the
State I have the honor in part to represent has
borne with patience and fortitude on account of
her loyalty to'and love of the Union. Andltrast
she will bear and forbear yet longer; will " watch
and wait," and still hope; demanding, however,
with calmncss but firmness, and in the name of
equality and justice, her rights in the tfnion, and
under the Constitution and its guarantees.
Representatives of the North, I appeal to you,
and I ask you, if those grievances are not real ?
Do they not exist, and should they not be re-
dressed? You know in your consciences they
arc real; that they do exist; and you feel in your
hearts, as fair-minded men, that they ought to be
redressed. You have the power to do it; will you
exercise it? I have the highest authority for say-
ing that the grievances alluded to do exist, and
that the complaints of the South are just. I get
this corroborative testimony from ex-President
Fillmore, a patriot and a statesman; and, although
residing in the North, he is a just and righteous
man, and fair to all sections. In reply to'aletter
from Mr. Dix, notifying him of his appointment
as peace commissioner to Charleston, he holds
the following patriotic language:
u ThU is certainly an honorable and patriotic mission,
and, did I believe it could do any good, I should not hes i-
late a moment to nndeitake it. l>ut you will pardon me
toi saying frankly that, in my opinion,,our southern breth-
ren ie<junc no assurances beyond that of the meeting, and
the address and resolutions, to convince them that the
members of tiiat meeting, and those they represented, now
arc, and at all iimcs have been, Killing to do them justice, and
have done their utmost to maintain their constitutional
rights; and to gotheicand infoimthem merely of this fact,
v.-Iik h is all we can do, Is?, in my opinion, a work of super
eiogauon.
What they want, and what I want, is some assurance
fioni the Republican party, now dominant at the Noith,
thai they, or at least the conservative portion of them, are
leadvnnd willing to come forward and repeal all uncon-
stitutional State laws; live up to the compfomises of the
Constitution : cxccute the laws of Congress honestly and
faithfully, and treat our southern brethren as friends. When
E can have any such reliable assurance as this to give, J will
go most cheerfully and urge our southern brethren to fol-
low our example, and restore harmony and fraternal affec
tton between the North and Soutli.
"At present, our labors should be here. Let us put our
selves right, and then we can, with more confidcnce and
justice, appeal to them." .
Will you not remove those disturbing elements
of sectional strife and discord that are working
out, unless soon arrested, with such fatal cer-
tainty, the destruction of the Union?
Sir, the immense value of the slave property of
the South, and the consequent immense value of
the products of slave labor, make her people nat-
urally sensitive to any aggressions upon it, or any
interference with it, that tends to jeopardize its
existence, or render it less secure, or in anyway
depreciate its value. The annual export of the
great staple of the country, of cotton alone, pro-
duced by slave labor, amounts, in value, to nearly
two hundred million dollars—two thirds of the
entire exports of the country; and the working
up of the raw material, in Great Britain alone,
affords constant employment to four million oper-
atives. And this is exclusive of the great amount
annually consumed in the manufactories of your
own northern States, employing many thousand
laborers.
I will not detain the House by giving the sta-
tistics showing the great value of slave labor in
the production of sugar, tobacco, rice, and the ce-
reals. The South thinks slavery is right; you
think it wrong. The South thinks the system is
a humane one, and that the southern portion of
this Union presents the highest type of civiliza-
tion; you think differently. Let it be so without
quarreling.
Nature, Mr. Speaker, through the agencies of
soil and climate, has given to different portions of
the earth's surface a monopoly in the production
of valuable staples and commodities that enter so
largely into the commerce of nations. To China,
the production of the tea-plant; to India, the
growth of the poppy; to France, the product of the
