1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
781
theirconventions, had requestedthese amendments
to be adopted. What did Congress do ? I will
turn gentlemen to what they did on that occasion,
as, if you please, a precedent for what I state. In
17H9, in the First Congress, was passed the fol-
lowing:
'• The conventions of a number of the States, having, at
the time of their adopting the Constitution, expressed a de-
sire, in order to prevent misconstruction or abuse of its
powers, that further declaratory ami restrictive clauses
should be added: mid as extending the ground of public
confidence in the Government, will beat insure the benefi-
cent ends of its institution :
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives of
the United States of America in Congress assembled, (two
thirds of both Houses concurring,) That the following ar-
ticles be proposed to the Legislatures of the scveiai States,
as amendments to the Cunntilution of the United States,
all, or any of which articles, when ratified by three fourths
of the said Legislatures, to he valid, to all intents and pur-
poses, as pait of said Constitution.
There is a direct precedent for the case to which
the gentleman from Pennsylvania calls my atten-
tion; that is the very case which I have now sup-
posed. There the States, or several of them, did
request amendments to be made, stating what they
were, and Congress did not propose those amend-
ments, as theirs, but they passed a joint reso-
lution, stating the fact that several States had
requested those amendments to be made, and
therefore they presented them to the people for
adoption. That was the very case. That is in
confirmation of my view. It is a direct precedent.
Now, Mr. President, without taking up the
time of the Senate, which I dislike to do exceed-
ingly, these views govern me in my action in rela-
tion to amendments to the Constitution, though
they probably may not govern anybody else. I
should like to have them understood more at large,
because I think the people have been, somehow
or other, led to look to Congress for relief by
constitutional amendments; when the powers of
Congress, as I understand them, are utterly una-
dapted to them. But I cannot say, as I frequently
hear said in this body, that I desire to speak to
the country. I have no idea that the country
will ever hear what I say about it; but still I have
presented my views of what I regard true duties.
Ant! now, I have to say that, though I see little
prospect of amending in this way, confident it
never can succeed, yetafter all something may be
done. I have nothing to say about calling a na-
tional convention. That is a matter for the States
and the people to do as they please upon. It is
perfectly evident from the Constitution, that it
was intended to be called whenever it was desired
by the States, without any action of Congress at
all; but even in despite of its opinion, if you will.
Though men may not agree upon amendments
here, may not agree upon amendments in the con-
ference that is going on now in this city, I can
still conceive it possible that two, or three, or more
States might agree on some amendments, and
send them here, as is proposed in the resolutions
of Virginia, with the request that we should send
them out to the Legislatuies of the States. I say
I can conceive that that contingency may happen,
and my mode of treating that subject would be
what I have indicated. I think, 111 my humble
judgment, that on such a contingency_ Congress
should pass a resolution, suchas they did in 1789,
reciting that this had been requested, and present-
ing it to the people by a two-thirds vote, and not
stand up and say they did not like the amend-
ments, and would not permit the people to have
a chance to vote on them. Such are my views,
sir.
The memorial was ordered to lie on the table.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Forxey, its Clerk, announced that the
House had passed the following bills; in which
the concurrence of the Senate was requested:
A bill (No. 950) in relation to the postal service;
a"d . .
A bill (No. 975) for the confirmation of the title
to the saline lands in Jackson county, State of
Illinois, to D. H. Brush and others.
DEFICIENCY BILL.
The message further announced that the House
insisted upon its amendments to certain amend-
ments of the Senate to the bill (No. 8G6) to sup- i
ply deficiencies in the appropriations for the fiscal !
year ending June 30, 3861, disagreed to by the j
Senate, and upon its disagreement to other amend- i
ments of the Senate to the said bill, insisted on
by the Senate; and had agreed to the conference
asked by the Senate on the disagreeing votes of
tiie two houses thereon, and had appointed Messrs.
E. G. SrAtiLDiNO of New York, and C. B. Sedg-
wick of New Yoik, and H. Winter Davis of
Maryland, managers at the same on the part of
the House.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS. .
Mr. WIGFALL. Mr. President 
Mr. CAMERON. Will theSenator from Texas
be kind enough to allow me to present a petition,
which will take but a moment? It is a petition
containing three thousand signatures, and if the
names of the individual members of the firms who
have signed it be counted, it is estimated to be
signed by over five thousand names of citizens of
Philadelphia, all of whom represent themselves
as having voted for Lincoln and Hamlin. They
are men engaged in trade, commerce, manufac-
ture, and business generally. Many of them em-
ploy large numbers of workmen, some of them
from one thousand to fifteen hundred; others from
twenty to one bundled. They represent proba-
bly some thirty or forty thousand of the working
people of Philadelphia. They desire the adoption
of the Crittenden-Bigler proposition for the pur-
pose, as they say, of saving the country from its
present perilous condition. I move that it be laid
on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. THOMSON. I present a petition, signed
by fifteen hundred citizens of the city and county
of Camden, State of New Jersey, without dis-
tinction of party, urging upon their Senators and
Representatives in Congress the necessity of sus-
taining and favoring the passage of the Crittenden
resolutions, or any other pacific measure which
may bo proposed, that will have for its object the
final settlement, upon constitutional basis, of the
difficulties which are now dividing our people and
disturbing our national peace.
I also present resolutions adopted at a meeting
of the citizens of Elizabeth, New Jersey, held on
the 31st of January, 18G1, on the present disturbed
condition of the country. I move that the peti-
tion and the resolutions lie on the tablo.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. NICHOLSON presented the petition of
Divine & Kennedy, contractors on mail route No.
7213, praying remuneration for damages caused
by a reduction of their pay for carrying the mail
on that route; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on the Post Oflice and Post Roads.
Mr. B1GLER presented a memorial of citizens
of Chester county, Pennsylvania; the petition of
citizens of Northumberland county, Pennsylva-
nia; and apetition of citizens of Alleghany county,
Pennsylvania, praying for the adoption of the com-
promise measures proposed by Mr. Crittenden
as amended by Mi\,Bigi.er; which were ordered
to lie on the table.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. NICHOLSON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.No.
558) for the relief of Divine & Kennedy, con-
tractors for carrying the mail on route 7:213;
which was read twice by its title, and referred to
the Committee on the Post Office and Postlioads.
REPORTS F11031 COMMITTEES.
Mr. SUMNER, from the Committee on For-
eign Relations, to whom was referred the joint
resolution (H. R. No. 59) authorizing Commo-
dore H. Paulding to receive a swoid and a grant
of land, awaided to him by the Republic of Nic-
aiagua, leported it with an amendment, with a
recommendation that it do pass.
Mr. KINGl-IAM, from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, to whom was referred the joint resolu-
tion (H. R. No. 70) to quiet title to lands in the
State of Iowa, reported it without amendment.
MISSION 01? PEACE PROM VIPvGIXIA.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will now call up the unfinished business of yes-
terday, being the motion to print additional copies
of the President's message communicating the
resolutions of the Legislature of Virginia ill ref-
erence to the present disturbed state of the coun-
try; on which the Senator from Texas is entitled
to the floor.
Mr. WIGFALL. I have no desire, Mr. Pres-
ident, to obtrude on the patience or time of the
Senate; but when all other Senators are through
with the business which isbefore'them, with ref-
erence either to practical legislation or saving the
Union, I propose, as briefly as I can, to discuss,
not the question which has been before the Senate
for the last two days, but the comments made by
the Senator from Tennessee, [Mr. Johnson.]
There was much that was said during the two
days of rambling and discursive harangue which
it will be necessary to notice; hut I promise the
Senators who may give me their attention that I
will dispatch the work before rae as briefly as
possible, and I think it will not require very much
time. The matterthat seemed to weigh moston the
mind of the Senator from Tennessee was that he
had been a special object of persecution since the
3 9 th day of December, when he made the extraor-
dinary speech to which he alluded.
I am one of those who in the ordinary discharge
of my duties have generally been in the Senate,
and yet I have not seen here any exhibition of
any such disposition on the part of Senators. It
is true that some particular portions of the speech
have been occasionally animadverted upon and
alluded to; but when that was the case, it came
up in the ordinary course of discussion. There
was, as well as I can recollect, but one Senator
who replied to him directly, and that was the
Senator from Oregon, [Mr. Lane.] After six
weeks'consideration, the Senator from Tennessee
now complains that he was misrepresented. He
denies that on the 19th of December he advocated
coercion as to the States. It is very strange, sir,
knowing the courtesy of the Senator from Ore-
gon, if he was misrepresented, and if he did not
desire time to write,revise,add to,and strikeout
from what he said, that when his speech was fresh
in the memory of every Senator upon this floor,
lie did not rise and then correct the misrepresenta-
tions. Six weeks have elapsed. lean say for
myself that I have never read what he published.
I suppose there are but few Senators who have.
I know only the impressions, the strong impres-
sions, which were made upon my mind at the
time, and those were, that he was in favor of co-
ercion—war to the knife and the knife to the hilt.
It was charged upon him. He acquiesced in the
charge; and it is now too late for him to attempt
to object to the conclusions which were drawn and
charged at the time his speech was delivered.
Things have occurred in his own State—so say
the newspapers—which have caused him possibly
to take a sober second thought. It is said that he
has been shot, hanged, burned, from one end of
the State of Tennessee to the other, in effigy. He
must before many weeks return to that State.
What will be done with him in propria persona
is a matter that may more concern him than it
does me. He was understood, I am sure, by the
entire Black Republican party, certainly by their
press, to have taken that position. A leading pa-
per advocating the doctrine took that speech us
reported by the letter-writers, published it in its
editorial columns, and kept it stereotyped as con-
taining the doctrines of the party. I allude to the
paper edited by Colonel James Watson Webb, of
the regular army formerly. [Laughter.]
The Senator seemed to take especial offense
that a northern Senator should have replied to
him. The great Carolinian once said that those
living north of Mason and Dixon's line, who
were nearest to us, were further from us than those
living south of that line, who were furthest. It
is, I believe, the only sentiment or opinion that
he ever uttered in which I do not entirely concur.
I have too long seen and known and felt the faith-
fulnessof men living northof Mason and Dixon's
line in theirgallant defense of the principles of the
Constitution of this country; 1 have too often seen
and regretted to see the treason of southern men,
who, knowing that the non-sl iveholdmg States
either had now, or soon would have, if this Union
were preserved, the entire control of both Houses
of Congress, and tlieeicctor.il college, and would
therefore have the disposition of ail the public
patronage of the country- - I have too often seen
! southern men, to use a common phrase, '1 weak
in thelniees," when our rights have been assailed,
and northern men have stood by us, because we
claimed nothing that was not ours according to
the plain and fair construction of Hie Constitu-
tion of the United States, and southern men have
