198
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 7,
3Gth Cong. ... 2d Sess.
State of the Union—Mr. Leach.
Ho. of Reps.
tHne;and to ourown country, the production ofthat
great and indispensable staple of cotton, that con-
trols thy commerce of the world. And while other
nations and countries nurture and protect, with
zealous watchfulness and concern, their national
monopolies, it is reserved to our nation alone to
present to the balance of the civilized world the
singular folly and suicidal policy of bringing into
power a dominant party, organized in direct hos-
tility to that section of our common country, and
that form of labor which actual experience has
shown can alone produce our great monopoly of
cotton.
The gentleman from Maryland, [Mr. Harris,]
in the course of a very able speech, in demand-
ing further guarantees in connection with sla-
very, stated the value of the slave property of
his State at $40,000,000. Sir, I find, from a sy-
nopsis of the census, which I look the trouble
to procure, and which is before me, that North
Carolina owns the vast number of 348,377 slaves,
worth $300,000,000. Think you, gentlemen of
the North, that she will allow herself to be dis-
turbed, in any way, in the enjoyment of this
immense property? If you do, you have mis-
taken her spirit, and you are ignorant of the
character and nature of her noble people [ ask
Representatives of the North, and, for my pres-
ent purpose, I appeal to the delegation from Mas-
sachusetts ,as just men, and willing to be controlled
in your action and votes by the golden rule, as
laid down in the Scriptures of eternal truth and
justice, whether, if the South had Jhe power to
control the legislation of the country, as the North
has, and should exercise that power by any legis-
lation, jeopardizing, or depreciating, or rendering
insecure, in any way, $300,000,000 worth of the
property of the calculating m«n of your State,
Hay, sir, one tenth portion of that amount, would
you, gentlemen, and would your people, meekly
and quietly submit to such flagrant wrongs ? Yott
know you would not. And do you suppose for a
moment that my constituents, that the people of
North Carolina, the birth-place of Jlmeriean liberty,
the happy homes of brave men and fair women—
do you suppose that they will tamely submit to
such odious discrimination, such inequality and
injustice ? Never!
No, gentlemen, you ought to recede, and ac-
commodate and adjust this matter; and give to
the South such assurances of friendship and such
guaranteesas shall satisfy the reasonable demands
of her people, and as will lead ton settlementand
pacification of our sectional troubles.
And this brings me to the territorial question,
the great14 bone ofcontentiou;',and which, if ami-
cably adjusted, will doubtless lead to the happy
issue of a full and complete settlement of all our
difficulties. Sir, after the able and conclusive
argument of my friend from Tennessee (Mr.
CiuARLEsj upon this question, it would be an un-
warrantable consumption of time, and trespass
upon the patience of the House, for me to enter
upon the territorial question at length and in de-
tail. 1 will content myself with merely glancing
at some of the most prominentfacts and statistics,
which 1 find in the report of the Commissioner of
the Land Office. At the date of our treaty of in-
dependence, in l?b'3, the now slave States had an
areaofterritory of638,016squarcmiles; and those
States now designated as free, an area of territory
of 169,662 square miles—there being a balance in
favor of the slave States of 468,354 square miles.
But in a spirit of generous feeling and fraternal
respect,Virginia ceded to the General Government
239,558 square miles, and allowed to bo extended
over it the ordinance of 1767, which excluded sla-
very from it forever; thus changing the aggregate
balance of territory; making the area of free ter-
ritory 409,220 square miles, and reducing that
of the slave territory to 398,458 square miles; out
of which munificent donation have since been
carved the great States of Ohio, Indiana, Illinois,
Michigan, and Wisconsin. Again, sir: by the
treaty of the 30th of April, 1803, made at Pans
by our Government and that of France, we pur-
chased the Territory of Louisiana, containing an
area of 1,136,496 square miles, extending from
the mouth of the Mississippi to the forty-ninth
parallel of north latitude and to the Pacific ocean.
This was all slave territory at the date of the pur-
chase; and the third article of the treaty provides
in terms for its protection by the Government of the
United States.
But in 1820, we partitioned this immense ter-
ritory between the North and the South, on the
parallel of 36° 30' north latitude, thereby giving to
the North 977,602 square miles, the South receiv-
ing only 158,894 square miles, leaving a balance
of 818,708 square miles, in this division of a ter-
ritory all slave, in favor of the North as against
the South. By the purchase of Florida, and the
annexation of Texas, the South acquired a total
of territory of 333,624 square miles. And by the
treaty of Guadalupe-Hidalgo, we made a joint
acquisition of 665,486 square miles. Of this, the
North has already acquired California, contain-
ing 188,981 square miles, leaving 476,505 square
miles undisposed of in New Mexico and Utah.
Since our inacpendcnce, a period of seventy-seven
years, the South has acquired 392,520square miles,
and the North 1,406,141 square miles. Thus slave
territory has been increased about thirty-three per
cent., and free territory over one thousand per
cent. In 1,217,160 square miles thus acquired by
the North, slavery existed by law at the date of
the acquisition, and from which it has been abol-
ished. And in the 392,520 square miles, wluch
has been acquired by the South, slavery existed
at the date of acquisition, and it still remains as
slave territory. Now, sir, is it not fair and equi-
table, that of the remaining territory at least, ac-
quired by the common blood and common treas-
ure, the South should have dedicated to its main
institution this small portion? Can any fair-
minded man object to it? Do not reason and
justice and equity demand it?
But, Mr. Speaker, while the slavery question
is of necessity the most prominent in this debate,
and the one to which all our troubles are most
usually ascribed, yet, in my judgment, there are
abuses and corruptions which'havegradually crept
into the administration of the Government, the
tendency of which has been to shako the confi-
dence of the people in the purity of the men in
power. They have seen the expenditures of the
General Government swelled in a few years to
an almost fabulous sum. This, sir, as every mem-
ber on this floor knows, 1 have, in conjunction
with my friend from Tennessee, who sits by my
side, [Mr. GIuaklks,] used every effort in my
power to correct. And to his efficiency in this
regard, members will unite their voice with mine
in bearing witness. By our joint labors we two
have reduced the expenditures about out; million
dollars, which your Journals will ^how. And in
those efforts, my friend well remembers, we have
m every instance cooperated. Sir, we have seen
homestead bills passed through^his House giving
away our public lands, when the bill to pension
the old soldiers who defended our flag, which I
introduced at an early day in the last session, can-
not even be considered; although I have persist-
ently, both at this session and the last, used every
means known to parliamentary usage to call it up
and put it on its passage. We have seen millions
voted away to Pacific railroads; and lastly, sir,
we have seen nil efforts made by myself and others
to reduce to the old and economical standard the
pay and mileage of the members of this House
and the Senate fail. These things, sir, should be
at once corrected; they tend in a great degree to
produce distrust in the minds of the honest and
intelligent masses. But I beg pardon of the House
for being led into this digression.
There are many true men at the North, ready
and anxious to do full justice to their southern
brethren; and it affords mo pleasure to say, Mr.
Speaker, (Mr. Niblack, of Indiana, in the chair)
that you are of that number. I read your able
and patriotic speech with unqualified pleasure,
and indorse with heartiness its manly and patri-
otic sentiments. One of the obstacles that I con-
ceive to be in the way of an adjustment of our
difficulties is the erroneous idea th&t the South
is asking of the North concessions. Sir, the
South is perfectly satisfied with the Constitution;
and the complaint is, that it has been violated and
disregarded to the manifest injury of the rights
secured to them by its provisions. The South,
therefore, asks for nothing that the Constitution
does not entitle them to. They simply ask that
the provisions of the Constitution should be sa-
credly regarded and earned out, as its framers
designed it should be, for the protection of those
well-defined rights that have been outraged and
disregarded. The South wants a reaffirmation of
her rights under the Constitution, in such lan-
guage as will admit of no dispute hereafter. The
southern States do not even claim the full extent
of their rights as guarantied to them by the Con-
stitution; for, by virtue of the Dred Scott decis-
ion, in the Supreme Court of the United States,
the South would have a right to take her slaves
into all the Territories of the Union, and in claim-
ing therein for this property the protection of the
Genera) Government. As an abstract right, she
is entitled to this, but is wilhngto waive this right
and accept the Crittenden proposition as a meas-
ure of compromise; thus surrendering to the North
nearly three fourths of all the territory of the coun-
try, surrendering all that great territorial area
lying north of 36° 30', and retaining that only lying
south of that line. Now, sir, I repeatit; is there
a conscientious, fair-minded man on this floor,or
W the nation, that will say this is not a fair settle-
ment, or that the South is asking too much?
And yet this territorial question is, as 1 have be-
fore stated, the main difficulty that has brought all
our troubles upon the country.
The Crittenden scheme proposes further, that
Congress shall have no power to abolish slavery
in the States where it exists; that it shali not in-
terfere with the transfer of slaves from one State
to another, or with slavery in the District of Co-
lumbia while it exists in Maryland orVnginia;
nor shall it be interfered with in the dock-yards,
forts, and arsenals of the country. These are
the points embraced in the Crittenden resolutions,
and it is asked, for the more perfectobservance of
them, that they shall, as an amendment, be incor-
porated into the Constitution, when ratified by
conventions of three fourths of the State*. And,
sir, in my opinion, if this Congress adoptsthom,
they will be ratified by more than six sevenths of
the States, and probably by all. What the South
so much wants, is such remedies as will make a
final settlement of these sectional quarrels, and
take away, now and forever, all pretexts for fur-
ther discussion and agitation,
" A consummation devoutly to be wished."
The Crittenden measure will effectually do this.
The proposition submitted by the chairman of
the committee of thirty-three [Mr. Corwin] will
not, in my opinion, do this. Even, the border
slave Slates will not, in my opinion, be satisfied
with it. Igloos not, as a whole, meet the just
expectations of the South, and is not a fair com-
promise, and will not put an end to this ceaseless
agitation,.either in the North or in the South. I
would greatly prefer, with some modifications,
the border States proposition. I would readily
vote for some of the propositions embraced in the
majority report; there are others that I cannot,
in justice to my own opinions, and to those 1
have the honor of representing, support. Repre-
sentatives of the North, I beseech you to rise to
the dignity of the occasion, and with a lofty pa-
triotism and Roman firmness, come up like states
men to the support of the fair and just peace
measures proposed by our country's greatest
living statesman, who is crowning the close of his
eventful life in the patriotic and glorious effort
of trying to save his country. Come to his rescue
and the rescue of the Union, with resolved energy
and determined will, that shall neither tire nor
relax, until soothed to repose by the glorious
spectacle of a reconciled and peaceful land ! It
is fitting that Mr. Crittexden, the friend and
coadjutor of the immortal Clay, should be the
pacificator in this trying crisis of our country.
Henry Clay 1 charmed name in this hour of trie
Union's wail!
Sir, in former crises, the destiny of the country
sat upon the white plume of the gallant Clay, as it
was seen proudly to wave, conscious of victory,
amid the tempestuous storm of the contest. Jlis
name needs no encomium from my poor tongue;
neither epitaphs nor mausoleums would add to
his fame;
marble monument he needs,
To crumble and d';cay;
The memory of his mishty deeds
Can never p.i&& away
What is now wanting, is such guarantees as
shall satisfy the border blavc States, and induce.
