782
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 7,
expressed their willingness to yield; and the re-
sult generally has been that they have received
their reward.
Matters have reached that point in which it is
nccessary for our own safety to dissolve the ties
which bind us to the North. We could trust the
northern men who stand by the Constitution; but
with the dominant party in the northern States,
aided by southern treason, we feel that neither
our liberties nor our pioperty are longer secure
in the Union. The Senator from Tennessee pre-
tends that this is a movement on the part of poli-
ticians. Politicians! I would be glad if he would
inform me what he is, if not a politician—a states-
man, he would hardly say. Politicians have done
this thing! States have seceded from the Union,
and it is the act of politicians! And he hazarded
the assertion that if the ordinance of secession,
in South Carolina even, had been submitted to
the popular vote, it would not have passed. Why,
sir, it ]s extraordinary that men are so reckless of
their reputation as to hazard expressions of this
sort, which they know will becume public. Did
not the Legislature of South Carolina appoint a
day on which the people were to vote? Were not
candidates brought out in every district and every
parish? Were not the opinions of every candi-
date for that convention known? Did not the peo-
ple vote for those who were in favor of immediate
secession and against those who were opposed to
it? Did they not elect their representatives in
order that an ordinance of secession might be
passed? Is this fact not known to the Senator
from Tennessee? Did not those delegates who
were elected, after a discussion of all these ques-
tions before the people, meet in convention, and
with entire unanimity vote that South Carolina
should cease to be one of the States of this Union?
Has not the press of that State, since that time,
been far ahead of the action of the State authori-
ties; and does he not know this? Has not the
Charleston Mercury—to which he has alluded—
been urging the Governor to attack Fort Sumter
and bring on the crisis? Has not the position of
that paper been supported by the entire press of
the country? Have not the people risen en masse
and cried out for blood, because they believe \t is
a reproach upon their honor that a fort within
their territory still remains in the possession of a
Government that they regard as not only foreign,
but hostile—a fort held in derogation of their sov-
ereignty and in denial of their right of self-gov-
crnment? Are these facts not known to that Sen-
ator? Yet he has the recklessness to rise here and
say that the people of South Carolina are living
under a tyranny, and that the politicians are tram-
pling them in the ground; and that if they were
permitted to speak through the ballot-box, that
State would yet be in the Union !
Is not what I have said of South Carolina true
of Georgia, of Alabama, of Florida, of Missis-
sippi, of Louisiana? Is it not true of my own
State? is it not true of Arkansas? Will it not be
true of his State, and of every other Suite in which
the question of secession has been made an issue
iu the past, or in which it will be made an issue
in the coming elections ? The people, forsooth,
are not allowed the right of self-government! lie
says—when he and the Senator from Illinois [Mr.
Douglas] get through their private conference, I
will go on; I want his attention—the people are
not permitted to govern themselves! Oh, no!
Docs he not know—he should have known before
he made the assertion—that the people of South
Carolina are allowed to vote ? And yet he boldly,
recklessly, and confidently asserted, yesterday,
that the people of that State were denied the elect-
ive franchise. Whom docs he mean by "peo-
ple?" Negroes? Women and children? Persons
under twenty-one years of age, and Indians? If
he means that class of the community, I acknowl-
edge his statement was true; but if he means by
" people," men twenty-one years old, citizens of
the State, his statement is wholly and utterly
without foundation. It has been a charge that has
been made in this body for the last twenty years,
and been corrected time and again by the consti-
tution of South Carolina being brought here and
read, that every man twenty-one years old, and
white, and a citizen of the State, is entitled U vote,
and allowed to vote. There is no property quali-
fication required in that State, and there has not
burn for the last half eentuiy. These are facts
that are known; and yet, to excite prejudice against
that particular State, he indulges again in this
stale slander, which, like false coin, has been so
often nailed to the counter.
I was gratified to hear a Senator from the North
rise and repudiate the doctrines which he advo-
cated. I was glad that it came from that quarter.
It came appropriately from that quarter; and the
Senator who advocated the doctrines for which
we contend, may with propriety advocate them,
and do it without exciting prejudice; for no fair,
right-minded man can doubt his patriotism or his
devotion to the Union. His fealty has been writ-
ten upon the battle-field, under the stars and
stripes, and with his own red blood; and when
he was thus recording his devotion to the coun-
try, where was the Senator from Tennessee? Not
upon the battle-fields of Mexico. Electioneering,
I suppose; trymgto getplaccand office. He rises
here, and denounces as wanting in patriotism the
man whose whole life has been devoted to his
country !
His doctrines are so extraordinary, they are so
disjointcdly uttered, and so incoherently thrown
together, that it is difficult to follow him. He
complains that his groat argument was not an-
swered. Beau Brummel, I believe, on one occa-
sion, was asked by a taiior how he liked a coat.
He took it by thclappel,and looking at it, asked
the tailor if lie called that thing a coat. His great
argument! When and where did he make any
great argument, or argument of any sort what-
ever? I have not heard it. Our positions have
been stated; we have referred to the Constitution;
we have referred to the journals of the convention
that drafted it; we have referred to the debates of
the conventions of the different States that ratified
it; we have referred to the Federalistasexplaining
the meanings of the Constitution as understood
by the States which ratified it; and has he answered
any of our arguments? Has he attempted to do
anything except to read newspaper extracts, to
read the opinions of this man, that man, and the
other, leaving out always the context, and fre-
quently himself misapprehending the meaning of
the very sentences which he read? And yet he
complains that we did not answer his argument.
The Senator from Louisiana, [Mr. Benjamin*,]
a few days ago, bid us farewell in tones so touch-
ing that I supposed any man, living north or
south, who had a heart, could not fail to feel.
Twelve scats here are vacant, never, never again
to be filled. The Union is disrupted. These
Senators bade along and last farewell to this body;
and to some of us they expressed the hope that
before long we should meet in other fields, and
under more favorable circumstances. All seemed
to feel except the Senator from Tennessee. He
alone looked upon it as a farce that was to be
played off, in which the mourners were to be
called out, and before the curtain was raised, and
the performance was begun, those who were to
shed tears were advised of the .proper time. That
is the impression that the actual disruption of this
Union, which he professes t6 love so dearly, pio-
duces upon his mind, v/
He talked of devotion* to the Union and the
Constitution, and there is no man who now lives
who has done more than he has to produce this
very state of things. The policy which he has
for years past been advocating, of a homestead
bill, alone, if it had ever been adopted, and carried
out to the full extent, would have caused a dis-
ruption of the Union; and yet he professes to be a
Unionman. TheSenatormay notbe astatesman;
but he understands, as well as any man living,
how to take advantage of the prejudices of the
populace, and with what safety a man may, if he
wears the livery of heaven, perform acts which
those who are entitled to that uniform are not in
the habit of performing. I recollect, sir, some
twenty years ago, reading a book which was
called Paul Clifford. " Piggy Lob "of the "Mug:,"
who was a very sagacious woman, had the edu-
cation of little Paul intrusted to hci care. She
called Paul one day, and said to him, "Paul, my
child, read your Bible, and talk like a pious un,
for people goes more by what you says than
what you does; if you want What is not your
own, Paul, try and do without it, my child ; but
if you can't, take it by insinuation and not by
bluster, for them as swindles gains more and risks
less than them as robs." [Laughter.] There was
a world of worldly wisdom in that advice. "Read
the Bible, Paul, and talk like a pious un, for peo-
ple goes more by what you says than what you
does." Say that you are for the Union; denounce
everybody who is opposed to it; trample the Con-
stitution under foot; deny the existence of the
States; betray your own section; sacrifice the lib-
erty of your countrymen—do all this, but say,
Paul, that you are for the Union; that is all that
is necessai y, because "people goes more by what
you says than what you does.3' [Laughter.]
Who is in favor of the Union ? What is the
Union? Years and years ago, thirteen sepaiate
and sovereign States having achieved their inde-
pendence, and each feeling that it was not strong
enough to protectitself against foreign aggression,
entered into a compact with each other, and or-
ganized a Government to which they delegated
certain specific powers—the right for them, and
in their name, to enter into treaties with foreign
nations; to keep up a common Army and a com-
monNavy; to conduct a common diplomacy, and
to have a common Treasury. When the sover-
eignty of these States is denied or destroyed;
when this Federal Government has become con-
verted into a consolidated despotism; when upon
the ruins of this Federal fabric a consolidated de-
mocracy has been erected, then I say the Union
is destroyed. This is not my opinion; it is the
opinion of the father of the Democratic party.
Thomas Jeffetson said that this Union could be
destroyed in two ways: first, by consolidation;
next, by disruption; and that of the two, he pre-
ferred disruption, though he would regard that as
a very great calamity. Pie was in favor of the
Union as it was established by the Constitution.
He was in favor of the Union, a union being an
agreement between separate and distinct persons,
not a fusion and amalgamation. That was the
doctrine of the man from whose brain, Minerva-
like, sprang the great Democratic constitutional
party. As Minerva sprang, armed and equipped,
from the brain of Jove, so did this great party
spring from the brain of Jefferson, to rescue the
Constitution and to save the Union.
The Senator has a wonderful love for the peo-
ple; he has great regard for the right of self-gov-
ernment; he thinks that politicians ought not to
be permitted to trample upon the people; and what
are the doctrines that he has been advocating here?
He was guilty — I do not wish to use offensive
terms; yet, to convey my ideas, I may be betrayed
into terms that may not be exactly senatorial—
he was guilty of using the phrase that the people
of Louisiana had been bought by the United States
as chattels. A man professing to be in favor of
the people, talking thus indecently of the people,
the white men, of one of the sovereign States of
this Union, being purchased as chattels! In order
to sustain himself, he attempted to make, I sup-
pose what he would call an argument, by reading
from the treaty of 1803 what had been read by the
Senator from Louisiana the day before, and who
had quoted everything that was material. I choose
not to waste my time, nor that of the Senate, by
rereading what was read and has been published.
The first article of that treaty explains the cause
of the cession. It conveys the sovereignty of the
territory; territory, in common parlance, means
land. The second article of the treaty goes on and
specifies what is conveyed—the forts, the navy-
yards, the public buildings, the public offices—
everything. The territory and its appurtenances
are specified in the second article of the treaty, in
order that there may be no misunderstanding as
to the meaning of the term " territory."
Then, the third article of the treaty, which his-
tory tells us was written by Napoleon himself—
the third article written by the First Consul him-
self—does what? Does it convey the people of
Louisiana as chattels? It specifies that the people
of Louisiana shall be vested with the right of self-
government; that they shall, at the earliest moment
practicable, be admitted into this Union as a State,
with all the rights and privileges of the original
States of the American Union. It declares explic-
itly that until they are admitted into the Union as
States, they shall be entitled to perfect and full
protection m their lives, their liberties, their prop-
erty, and their religion; and when the First Con-
sul had signed the treaty, he expressed, as history
tells us, the hope that the Frenchmen whose alle-
giance had been transferred Rom France, remem-
bering that he had secured to them the right of
self-government, would always in their bosoms
nourish akiudly feelingfor that Government which
