1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
783
had securcd to them their liberties. That was the
idea.
What were the other consideration!? that in-
duced the First Consul of Prance to make this
cession, is a matter that is wholly impertinent. I
suppose that it was no love of liberty. He had
to part with Louisiana. The United States de-
manded only New Orleans. The right of ingress
and egress, and a place of deposit, was all we
demanded; but as he had to part with New Or-
leans, and piobably could not hold the rest of the
territory, he determined to strike a fatal blow at
England; and, strange to say, that great man, look-
ing far into futurity, predicted not only that he
was striking a most fatal blow at his bitterest
enemy, but predicted that if this Confederation
should ever in after times be so administered as
to involve the rights and the liberties of that peo-
ple, they were in a position to assert those rights,
and that a disruption of the Union would be the
result. Strangely sagacious was that great man.
Yet, with these facts plainly staring—no, I sup-
pose he did not know them; but had he taken
other counsels'than those which he did, the Sen-
ator probably would have been advised of the
facts, and would not have fallen into the egregious
errors which he did. Rumor is a jade, and is said
not to be very veracious. I beg the attention of
the Senator from Tennessee for a moment. I wish
not to make any charge that is not sustained by
the facts; but it is said upon the streets that the
Senator was in close conclave with a Senator,
whom I do not now sec in his seat, from New
York, [Mr. Seward,] and the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts, [Mr. Wilson,] before making that
speech.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. Does the Sen-
ator wish me to make a reply now?
Mr. W1GPALL. I merely wanted to know
if the remark which I have heard, and which is
generally believed, that the Senator fiom Ten-
nessee was in consultation with the two Senators
I have designated, is true?
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. Does the Sen-
ator wish me to make a reply now?
Mr. W1GFALL. Undoubtedly, or I would
not have asked the question.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. All I can say
is, if the gentleman predicates his information on
rumor, that the rumor has no foundation, and I
do not think it very proper to bring into the Sen-
ate what.the Senator may pick up outside on the
mere basis of rumor.
Mr. WIGFALL. Dt gustibus non est disputan-
dum. 1 think it is a very proper place; and ru-
mors which might be true, and without a denial
are believed to be true, are alluded to in order that
the Senator may deny them. The Senator, then,
having denied that he took into his counsels the
two distinguished Senators to whom I have al-
luded, 1 let it pass for what it is worth. Persons
who are reliable state the fact of the consultation;
the purpose of it 1 was not advised of. But, be
that as it may, the charge which he made, winch
the Republican press has made, and which Re-
publican Senators have made, that the people of
Louisiana were purchased, is not sustained by
history; and it is, I will say, a most extraordi-
nary thing that those who have such a sensitive-
ness upon the subject of human rights, who are
so shocked at the idea of trafficking in human flesh,
and buying (to use a cant phrase) " the souls of
men and women," when these men and women
happen to be black, should have no sympathies
for their own color, and upon this floor deny the
light of self-government; declare that the white
people of one of the States of the Union have been
purchased, that they have not and do not possess,
and never can possess, the right, and the only
right, for which our ancestors contended in that
bloody war of 1776—the right of self-government.
What they deny flatly and unqualifiedly to then-
own color, they assert for the African race.
There is a point which the Senator will not find
it very easy to get over, because it is recorded.
He asserted and read from the record to prove
that the people of Alabama, when they became a*
people, ceased to be apeoplp; that when the in-
habitants of the Territory of Alabama, by the con-
sent of the Federal Government, became a State,
ni the verv act of becoming one of the sovereign
States of this Union, they ceased to have the right
of living under such a Government as they saw fit.
He garbled the documents; he told the truth; but
if he had been a lawyer, as he told us he was not,
he would have known that when one is on the
witness stand he is required not only to tell the
truth and nothing but the truth, but he is also re-
quired to tell the whole truth, and that the Senator
did not tell. When Alabama was admitted into
the Union, there were conditions annexed to her
admission. Alabama was carved out of Federal
territory; by territory, I mean land. When the
inhabitantsofthat Territory became a people, had
a government of their own, became a nation, the
eminent domain would have vested in them; but
as there was much public property in Alabama
in the shape of land, it was necessary to guard
against this, and therefore it was provided that
the people of Alabama should agree with the Fed-
eral Government that they would at all times there-
after recognize the right of the Federal Govern-
ment to that land and to the disposition which it
was deemed prudent that this Government should
make of the public domain in Alabama. The act
of Congress of March 2, 1819, declared:
" And provided always, That the said convention shall
provide, by an ordinance nrevocable without the consent
ot the United States, that the people inhabiting the said
torntoiy do agiee and decline that they forever disclaim
all right and title to the waste and miappropiiated lands
lying within the said territory; and that Hie same shall be
and remain at the sole and entire disposition of the United
States; and moreover, that each and every tiact of land sold
by the United States, after the 1st day of September, in the
year 1819, shall be and lemain exempt fiom any tax laid
by the oidei, or under authotity ot the State, whether tor
State, county, township, parish, or any other pui pose what-
ever, lor the teim ot live yeais, fiom and after the respect-
ive dajs of the hales theieof; and that the lands belonging
to citizens of the Tinted States, re.-idmir without the Mid
State, shall never be taxed highet than the lands belonging
to persons residing theiem ; and th.it no tax shall be mi-
posed on lands, the pioperty of the United States, and that
all navigable waters within the said State s-hall forever ic-
mam public highways, tiee to the citizens of said State,
and of the United States^ without any tax, duty, impost, oi
toll therefor, imposed by the said State."
These were the terms proposed; and the con-
dition of admitting Alabama into the Union was,
that—
''The <-aid convention shall piovide, by an ordinance
inevocable Without the consent ot the United State*, that
the people inhabiting the said Teintoiy do agree and de-
claie that they foievei disclaim ail—
the rights thereinafter enumerated. Now, sir,
that being the condition of the admission, when
the inhabitants of the Territory were about to
become a people, when Alabama was about to be
admitted into the Union, they met in convention,
and, after drafting a constitution for their own
government, they go on to say:
" This convention, for and in behalf of the people inhab-
iting ttiiri State, do acce rx the propositions oliered by the
act of Congiess under which they aie assembled ; and this
convention, fm and in behalf of the people inhabiting this
State, do oidam, agree, and deelare, that they forevei dis-
claim nil i lglit and title to the waste or unappiopnated lauds
lying within this State, and the same shall be and remain i
at the sole and cnuie disposition of the United States." 1
"Done in convention at Uunt^ville. this 2d day of Au-
gust, in the yeai of out Lord 1819, and of Aineucan inde-
pendence the foitj-fourth."
Now, Mr. President, how shall I characterize
a perversion such as was indulged in by the Sen-
ator yesterday? "This convention, for and in
behalf of the people inhabiting this State, do ac-
cept the propositions offered," &c., as to their
lands, the rijjht of taxing them, and of disposing
ofthem. Whatisthe language the Senator used >
He reads only so much of this ordinance as I shall
now read. He soys:
" Here is the ordinance of Alabama accepting the terms
of the above act, passed 2nd August, 1819."'
Leaving out all that portion of the act which I
have read, it was truly the play of Hamlet with
the part of Hamlet le'ft out:
" This convention, foi and in behalf of the people inhab-
iting tins State, do accept the propositions ottered by the
act of Congiess under which they are assembled."
Leaving out the propositions alluded to.
"The convention, for and in behalf of the people inhab-
iting this State, do oidam, agree, and declare."
Then come a number of stars.
a And this ordinance is hereby declared irrevocable with-
out the consent of the United States."
" Shame! where is thy blush?" Why, sir,my
cheeks would burn to cinders if I were to attempt
to palm off a fraud of this sort on the people that
I represent. One other sentence upon that sub-
ject. He goes on and says:
"This act was declared nrevocable. They agreed to
the conditions offered to thorn in the act of Congiesa, with
reference to the public lands and other subjects, and then
the act ot coming into the Union was declared irrevocable
without the consent of the United States."
Where and when was the act of coming into
the Union declared irrevocable without the con-
sent of the United States ? So far from that being
true, the very first clause of the act of Congress
which authorized the inhabitants to become a
people declares:
"That the inhabitants of the Territory of Alabama be,
and they are hereby, authorized to form foi themselves a
constitution and State government, and to assume such
name as they may deem proper; and that the saiu Terri-
toiy, when formed into a State, shall he admitted into the
Union, upon the same footing with the original States, m
all respects whatever."
The act of Congress declares that they shall be
admitted into the Union upon the same footing
with tho original States; and yet he asserts that
they came into the Union with a distinct declara-
tion that they never should leave it without the con-
sent of the TJnited States. I dislike to waste the
time of the Senate—and I consider it a waste of
time—but I cannot permit such things as these to
pass unnoticed or unrebuked. Previously to this
pretended quotation fiom: the act of Congress and
the ordinance, the Senator from Tennessee uses
this language:
" New States may be admitted into this Union,not upon
an equality, at all; but, new States may be admitted into
this Union. It being an express giant to admit, the exer-
cise of a powei, 1 say the Fedeiul Government can exer-
cise incidents- that are necessaiy and proper to cany the
admission of States into existence upon such a basis as
they believe the good of the Government demands. I am
not so sure but the admisr-ioo «.f a new State i> placed
upon a different giound to what was the admission of
States coming in onginally ratifying the Constitution. As
the Senator seems to be so famihai with things of this sort,.
I will refer to the act admitting the State of Alabama."
Then, here is the clear, undisguised doctrine of
the Black Republican party, that the right to admit
new States into the Union gives to this Federal
Government the discretion of saying what State
shall be admitted and what shall not, and impos-
ing any terms upon the inhabitants of a Territory
when they come to form their State constitution.
The Constitution of the United States declares
that Congress may admit new States into the
Union, republican in their form of government.
That is the only qualification; and we of the
South and the Democracy of the North have, from
time beyond which the memory of man runneth
not to the contrary, advocated the clear constitu-
tional doctrine that the only question which could
be asked by this Federal Government was, is the
constitution republican? 1s it slaveholding or
non-slavehoiding, is not the question But the
Senator from Tennessee (who, 1 am sorry to
see, has left, for there is much more that 1 wanted
him to hear) has now planted himself upon the
Black Republican platform, and asserts that the
Federal Government has the right to dictate the
terms, and, in allowing inhabitants ofa Territory
to become a State, to dictate to that people what
sort of government they aie to live under. Al-
though the platform upon which our candidates
ran at the last election declares the equality of the
States as a cardinal doctrine of our cieod, he de-
nies the equality of the States, and asserts that it
is not contained in the Constitution.
There is one matter, and one other, possibly
the only one, that I shall allude to; and I regret
to do it in the absence of that Senator; but I can-
not postpone my remarks to another day. He is
now here. There is another doctrine that I shall
now discuss, rnd it is the monstrous perversion
that has been made of the political doctrines of a
distinguished man whose name is dear to every
one who calls himself a Democrat. Differing
with his patty, and differing with himself one
only time during his long political career, the eye
of demagogism and of treason has been stead-
fastly cast on the only spot on that bright lumi-
nary, and has been closed to the rays of light
which emanate from it. I allude to Andrew Jack-
son. He has been held up as an exemplar to us
by the Black Republican party. He has been
held upas an exemplar by the Tennessee Senator.
Nationalism has been charged upon him; and it
is to remove that stain from his character that I
piopose to speak.
General Jackson, a soldier during the Revolu-
tion, a man who upon the soil of South Carolina
shed he-? blood m defense of the rights of the
States and of the right of the people to self-gov-
ernment, removed at an early day to Tennessee.
