200
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 9,
36th Cong. ... 2d Sess.
State of the Union—Mr. Hiitchins.
Ho. of Reps.
framers of the Constitution, that they supposed |
they were adopting an instrument that might bo |
destroyed at the mere volition of a single State; '
and then* opinions have been referred to during
this discussion to show that they intended no such
foiiy. I will not quote them again. I will refer
to a more recent authority. Some of the cotton
States threatened to secede in 1850 if California
was admitted as a free State; and the Legislature
of Mississippi, assuming that the people of the
State were dissatisfied with the compromise meas-
ures of 1850, called a State convention, which
passed the following resolution;
"•£ Rcf-o'u.cd, That, in the opinion of this convention, the
averred luih'i of recession fiom the Uuuni, on the pait of
;i State, h utterly unsanctioned by the Federal Constitu-
tion, winch was framed to establish, and nor de^-tiov, the i
Union of the States; and that no sofes^ton can in (act take
place, without a subversion of the Union c<tab!i-hed. and
winch will not virtually amount, in its effects and conse-
quences, to a civil revolution."
I quote this resolution of the convention of Mis-
sissippi in 1801, against the recent action of her ;
convention adopting an ordinance of secession, j
The Constitution was not adopted by tbeStaies in I
thru- corporate capacity as States. The people of i
the different States, acting through State govern- |
mental organizations, adopted it as a Government I
for the people, of the United States. To what prac- I
tical purposc<have been the ideas of our leading j
statesmen and politicians, that contiguous tern- {
toi y should be acquired for civil and military pur- ;
poses, if, when acquiied, it may recede without
our consent? What becomes of the Monroe doe-
trine, that wc will not allow any fQreign Power
to interfere upon this continent with the safety of
our form of Government? It was useless to ac-
quire, with or without price, the Territories of
Louisiana and Florida; it was worse than useless
to reannex Texas, if they can at will dissolve their
connection with this Government, without asking
its consent? It has, for a long time, been a lead- j
ing idea with the slave power, that this Govern-
ment must purchase, at any price, Cuba; and if
it could not be purchased, then it must be con-
quered or stolen, it bemg essential for our safety
and security. Wo have all heard of tin; Ostein!
circular, signed by James Buchanan, John M.
Mason, and Pierre SoulO; and 1 here will read an
extract from it:
" Doc* Cuba in the pos^e^ion of Sp'iin "erioufly endan-
fer nut internal peace and the existence ol ourehetished
Jniun ? Should this question be an.-uveied in the it tin mu-
tiV", then by eveiy Jaw, hltmmi and divine, wo i-hall be
justified ni ttresifnzilfrom Spain, if we port's- the power;
and this upon the very same jnlnciple that would ju-tu'y
ait individual in tearing down the burning hou«' ot his
neighbor, if thcie were no other means of pieveuling the
fl.un<-<3 from destroying his own home. Under sueh eheutti-
stancos, we ought noithei to count the co«t not regard the
odd* wiueh Spam might enli-t again-t us. .We toi bear to
enter into the question whether the piesent condition of
the Island would justify such nmeaMiie. Weshould, how-
ever, he recreant to our dut3,bo unworthy of oui s,fa!l;uit
forefather*. and eounrut ba*e tiea-nn against our po-uet uv.
should we permit Cuba to be Afrieam/.c-l, and become a j
second St. Domingo, with ail its attendant honoisio the
while iaeo,and sutler the tiames to e\ie.ul lo om own neigh- |
hoiiii'i shores, seriously to endanger, or actually to con- ,
sumnjfhc tairfabrie of our Union. Welicarthat the course !
and cuirent of events arc rapidly tending towauN such a 1
eata^tiophe." |
Mr. Speaker, suppose that, under the advice of j
theOstend manifesto, during the administration of !
President lhtchanan, the island of Cuba had been \
" wrested from Spain" at a cost of ^*200,000,000, j
and twenty thousand lives, for, aeeoidmg to the j
manifesto, " wo ought neither lo count the cost, ;
nor regard the odds which Spain niiirht enlist
againstuV'and ')0C,) admitted intothe Union j
on an equal footing with the original States, and i
she, too, should join m this secession stampede, |
and should resume her sovereignty, and again !
attach herself to Spain. What would President |
Buchanan say to this? Why, he would probably J
say ;{Sbchad no right to secede; but the Govern- J
ment has no power to prevent it." Would not
thenaiionand the world prize highly such states- 1
manship 5 Well, sir, this is the statesmanship of
President Uuchanan, as exhibited to us in his i
annual message. Secession is revolution, and j
nothing but revolution; and it may be defended, !
if the causes are sufficient to justify it in the judg- j
ment of the civilized world. I will not, therefore, '
enlarge upon that point. I regard it as too clear ;
to admit of further argument or controversy. j
Mr. Speaker, I therefore conclude that we have !
a Government worthy of preservation. But I j
repeat that, if one or more of the stars in our
constellation have a right to shoot off at will, in-
dependent of the central sun—the Constitution of
the United States—then our Government cannot
inspire confidence at home or command_ respect
abroad; and we need not rack our brains, and
screw up our consciences to the sticking: point of
compromise, for it cannot be compromised into
respectability.
With these brief remarks upon that point, I
now come to the consideration of the alleged
causes for the overthrow of this Government, and
whether or not they ere sufficient. It is very diffi-
cult to' get at the exact causes of complaint.
When we look to the ordinances of secession and
the manifestoes of the seceding States, the insuf-
ficiency of the causes for the revolution which
they have inaugurated nirst strike every one. i
One of the alleged causes of complaint is the j
action of several of the northern Slates in the pas- |
sage of personal liberty bills. Nou,let me re- I
mark heie, for it. is true, that a large majority of '
what are now termed personal liberty bills, were
enacted more than ten years ago, before the pass-
age of the fugitive slave law, and before James
Buchanan was inaugurated Presidentof the Uni-
ted States. So far as any of those laws violate
any provision of the Constitution of the United
States, they are null and void. Have the south-
ern States winch are now complaining made any
efforts to induce the Legislatures of the northern
States to lepeai those laws? Have tin.y sent com-
missioners or agents with a view to test their con-
stitutionality ? Notatall. When any State north
does to a State south, as South Carolina did to
Massachusetts when she sought in a peaceable
way lo institute an amicable suit in the United
States court withm the Slate of South Carolina,
to test the constitutionality of a certain law of
South Carolina, operating oppiessively upon the
citizens of Massachusetts, then I admit that the
southern Slates will have just cause of complaint.
But the northern States novel have interposed,
and I trust they never will interpose, any obsta-
cles to testing the constitutional!! y of any of the it-
laws. 11 has not been shown thus far in this de-
bate, and i do not heheve.it will be shown m its
continuance, that a single slave lifts been helped
away by means of any of these personal liberty
bills. ff, then, these laws are a good cause, for a
dissolution of the Union, that same eauseoxisted,
with as much force as it does to-day, when James
Buchanan was elected Piesident. «
1 know, Mr. Speaker, that a certain kind of
property held in (he southern States is liable to
appropriate to itself the limbs which God Almighty
irave it, and sometimes to run away. It has been
the case ever since slavery was introduced into j
the country; ii ever will be the case so long as the
love of liberty has a lodgment in the human breast
They run away—or, to use the more constitu-
tional phraseology which we find m modern south-
ern lexicons, rliey *' secede," they " resume their ;
sovereignly," and ail of them that I have ever i
seen are opposed to " coercion." Well, it som<
times happens that tins kind of property, m orde<
to get away, appropriates a hoise, orsomeothei
item of pioperty, belonging to the master, with
a view to enable it more icadily to "resume its
soveieignty and, among slaves, this idea is not
vi ry strange, hut is to be accounted for by the fa ..
of their southern education. All of them seem
willing to account for this property on a fair set-
tlement with their masters; just as the southern
States say they aic owdy to at count for what they
have sei/.ed and stolen on a fair settlement with
the United Slates.
I trust, Mr Speak*,r, that these personal liberty
bills are no cause for a dissolution of the Union.
They are not i eiied upon as sitch They are mere
make-weights to operate on the southern mind,
to prejudice the South against the people of the
free States.
it is said, Mr. Speaker, that the anti-slavery
sentiment of the country is such that southern
institutions (meaning, of course, the right to hold
slaves) are insecure. The anti-slavery sentiment
of the free States is not stronger now than it was
in 1850,when James Buchanan was elected Pres-
ident. Well, it is said that the election of Lin-
coln and humilm is a cause for a dissolution of li
the Union. The people of the free States, and a
few of the people of the slave States, saw fit, under
the platfoim adopted at Chicago, to vote for the
election of Lincoln and Hamlin, as they had a
right to do under the Constitution of the United
States. It is not alleged that any law has been
violated in that respect. The fact of the election
of Lincoln and Hamlin to the highest offices in
the gift of the American people, by the freemen of
the North, cannot be regarded as a just cause for
a dissolution of the Union. If it were, then if
Rreekinridgc and Lane had been elected on their
platform, which was as obnoxious to the North
as the Chicago platform was to the South, the
North would have been justified in seceding from
this Union. Every one must see the absurdity of
that.
Mr. Speaker, there are complain ts-on both sides:
and I am sorry to be obliged, as a matter of de-
fense, to assert that, in my judgment, the North
has to-day more cause to complain of the slave
States than the slave States have to complain of
the free States.
Weall knowthat our citizens, who arc secured,
or ought to be secured, under the bioad provis-
ions of the Constitution of the United States,
against unreasonable searches and seizures when
traveling in the soul hern States, have been mobbed,
robbed, tarred and feat he) ed, whipped and burned,
and have had all sons of indignities heaped upon
them. 1 do not bring this charge agamst south-
ern States as States. Notatall Ibiingitoniy
against citizens of those States. The govern-
ments aie not responsible for it. But it is no cause
for a dissolution of the Union. It can be corrected
in the Union. But 1 do not believe that the citi-
zens of southern States have been so badly treated
in the free States as the citizens of free States have
been in southern States.
The fugitive slave law was passed m 1S50; it
was obnoxious to the people of the free States; it
was opposed to all their anglo-Sixon notions of
jurisprudence, and some fire States thought it
necessary, to guard their free citizens against the
summary process of that law, to pass personal
libeity bills. The fugitive slave law is justly
obnoxious to the sentiment of the people of the
free States; but that is no cause for a dissolution
of the Union. A large, or at least a respectable
minouty of the people of the free States, do not
believe theic is any constitutional authority to
pass such a law, while they acknowledge the i iglit
of the slaveholder to reoovei his piopeity under
the provision of the Constitution of the United
States. Ihit they believe that the duty devolves
on State Legislatures, to provide a remedy by
which the right of the slaveholder could be asserted
in accordance with the forms of law in the free
States. But so long as the Supreme Court of the
United States continue to declare that law consti-
tutional, so long, 1 have no doubt, it will be en-
forced faithfully in the North, however hard and
oppressive the people of the free States may regard
it. The people of the free States aic a law-abid-
ing people.
For there, before almighty law,
IIlicit bitth, herb place, with pious awe,
In reveiend homage bend.
Thcie man's tiee spun uncon-ttained.
Exults in man*.- b<"-t ii-j-hts maintained.
Kurhts winch. In amirnt valoi trained,
Fiom aire to age defend.1'
I have here a statement of some of the outrages
I recently perpetrated in southern States against
; notthein citizens; and I do not introduce it for the
1 purpose of stirring up any bad blood or any bad
; feeling. I admit that excesses are committed on
! both fides of the lino. With the permission of the
! House, I will read this extract from the Mercer
i county (Pennsylvania) Dispatch:
! Wo hrive been made acquainted with lln; fact* of re-
| cent outrage*. committed at the South on e.iii7/*ns ol' the
j iN'oitb. two of them lomj resident-* ot Mcicet couniy, which
' show the despott-m of -lawn and the wrong-1 pci pctiated
' at its biddmsr. In November la-t, Michael Donoha- and
Jamus Giitiin. of Fan view towiMnp, went to Pitt-buig,
jntemhnii to woi k t hen u aj dou n the nvcr on a coal ho.it,
and wotk duunsf the wmtei at -oine phv:e m the southern
?State-. The-e boat< havmsr all gone, they took parage on
a ftcunboat, and, m a -hoit time, te.iciied Memphis, Ten-
ne.-^ee. and, in company with one or two otheis, started
back into the country to procuie employment. They had
gone i>ut anient distance,when they were intercepted by
wliaf [unpolled to be a committee oi vgilanc. the captain
or winch asked Donohue wheie he was from. lie replied,
liom Vnguua, The other said he was not, but was a
