1861.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
20}
36tii Coxo....2d Sess.
State of the Union—Mr. Ilutchine.
Ho. of Keps.
damned Methodist pieache!1'—a sect fo  which Donohue
and lu^ coinpam'ui have very little ^yinpathv. He protested
tiiar i!ii- wah r.or -<o; that lit? was no Abolitionist, and had
nevei voted anvtlunq hut the Democratic ticket; all of
which is tine. Hut it availed imn not; and he was told
that be had his choice, eithoi to be flogged or taucd and
cottoned. lie pie'CTcd the latter, when he \va«! stripped
and the tai and cotton applied to him. Tbe same choico
vva-: given to Giiflin, who preferred the floggmq. lie was
snipped to the shut, and a huge wagon whVp put into the
hands of a ni'gio to can; out the sentence of thmj-seven
lashes, but, after heieceived twenty, he was let oft'. While
the punishment was inflicted, thioe of the mob stood
around him with drawn pistols, to shoot lnni it lie made
any resistance.
"Another of t!ie company, with the two former, was told
that he had cahei to he iiunsr °r taned and cottoned, lie.
of eoui.se,cho^e the latt°r, and they weic applied. Another
was told that he had lus choice, cither to he lmujr 01
tnanded on the cheek ; and, choosing the latter, the oui-
rage wa> nitlictcd on hitn. The four were then duven eft'
with do<?s, and firing of pistols after them.'1
Now, these are wrongs for which remedies
ought to be provided; and, fearing that the re-
spectable and patriotic committee of thirty-throe
might omit this matter, and inasmuch as we sup-
posed that we were to have a final settlement, of
ail existing accounts, i submitted a resolution
calling attention to these facts; but no remedy has
been proposed.
Mr. MAYNARD. I desire to state to the gen-
tleman from Ohio that the laws of Tennessee pro-
vide for the punishment of such offenses.
Mr. CAREY. 1 object.
Mr. MAYNARD. rrhat objection comes with
a very bad grace from the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Carey,] who was allowed yesterday to in-'
terrupt the gentleman from North Carolina, [Mr.
Smith.]
Mr. HUTCHINS. I was about to rematk that
I brought this up at this time that 1 might here-
after call on the chairman of the committee of
thiity-three to piove that this matter has not been
adjusted, so (hat it shall not be barred by what
might ho ealk.d res adjudicata.
Mr. MAYNARD. I simply wished to state
that, by the laws of Tennessee, if that ouhago
had been perpetrated as stated in the paper, those
men could not only be made to answer m dam-
ages, but could also be imprisoned for years in
the penitentiary.
Mr. HUTCHINS. I have no doubt of that
fact. And all those outrages on what you call
southern lights are also punished by the laws of
the free States. I am glad to say that I do not
regard this as any just cause for a dissolution of
the Union. I introduced the matter to show that
if charges are to be made, they can be made on
the one side as well as on the other.
I now propose, Mr. Speaker, to consider very
briefly the remedies proposed for the difficulties
under which we arc laboring. I come, in the first
place, to the report of the committee of thirty-
three. I have great respect, sir, for the respecta-
bility and patriotism of the members of that illus-
trious committee. I voted against its formation,
because I did not believe that anything had oc-
curred, or was likely to occur, requiring the inter-
position of such a committee. That committee
has made a report. To some of the propositions
reported, there is no very great objection. There
is, however, a clause of the report to which I have
some objection. After referring to the charge
against the free States, by the President, m his
annual message, without contradicting it, the
chairman of the committee uses the following lan-
guage:
II Publications cuianntinu from the newspaper or pei lod-
ical piot-s. havnmatendency to piomotedoniestic m^mrec-
tion m any ol the State--, and circulated with that intent,
aie, m the judgment of the committee, highly ciiminal.and
should be so neated hy the laws, ol the-evfial States. The
right office di>eus«ion. while it is lcgaided a? absolutely
nece^atv to the maintenance of free iioveinment, may he
expected, in times of gieat cxcitement, to tun tnto occa-
sional licentiousness. Tin; collective of tin-, evil remains
with the State governments; and the committee do not
doubt that the dc&ired cosroctive will be piompily applied
in ail ea^cs when the evil shall have assumed a fwinidalde
a>pect; while the lu.-t and latioual fiecdoni of speech am!
of the pistes u ill be carefully preseived-"
Mr. Speaker, i am well aware that that is the
carefully prepared language of the distinguished
and eloquent chairman of that committee; but, in
my judgment, it contains principles more fatal to
the liberty of the press than the famous sedition
law of 179S. The gentleman undertook, in his
sppoch, to break the force of that passage, and
soften down its meaning, by stating that, if such
circulation were Intended to promote domestic
insurrection, it ought to be punished in the free
States, relying upon the criminal intent to work
a conviction. The chairman of that committee is
a good lawyer; and no one knows better than he :
that the maxim of criminal la wis, that a man is pre-
sumed to intend whut is the natural and necessary
result of the act which he commits. How easy,
therefore, it would be to indict the New York Tri-
bune, the New York Evening Post, the New York
Independent, or any other out-spoken anti-slavery
paper, for a publication that slavery is wrong,
that slaveholdmg is a crime*, and on the trial, to
claim that such publication tends to make slaves
discontented; and therefore, tends to produce in-
surrection ? The pa pei s to which I have referred
aie already regarded insurrectionary in siavehold-
ing States; for the reason,as it is claimed, that .
they are calculated to produce insuriection; and \
j if these papers were in slaveholdmg States, they I
i would be suppressed under the rule laid down by
i the chairman of the committee. I
V The gentleman, in his speech, referred to the
! efforts of Lord Fahkino to take from the courts
and give to the jury the ric;lit to judge of the crim-
inal intent of a puh| cation,and that, through his
efforts, the law of England and of this country
now is,"-that the'jury,and uotthe court, is to pass
upon the intent of the publication. Itoccuired
to me as singular, that the gentleman should refer
to Lord Eiskine as an authority to restrict the
liberty of the piess, when it is well known that
one of the gieat efforts of his life was the defense
of lho iibeity of the press, m the celebrated case
of (he Dean of St. Asaph for the publication of a
tract illustrating th>' general pimcipics of govern-
ment, wiiiten by Sir William Jones.
Mr. CAMPBELL I will say to the gentle-
man from Ohio (hat, having been a memboroftho
comm.ttee of thirty-throe, I understand the prop-
osition laid down hy the chairman of the commit-
tee has reference to the publication and circulation
of documents intended to stir up insurrection m
the slave States. Does the gentleman approve
the converse uf the doemne?
Mr. HUTCHINS. Who is to be the judge of
what is insurrectionary? Thatis a nicc question,
depending upon circumstances.
Sir James Mackintosh, in his great oration in
defense of Jean Peltier, which Erskme pronounced
to be " a splendid monument of genius, learning,
and eloquence," said:
'• Tho^e who slowly built up the fabi ic of our laws, never
attempted anything >oal)Miid as to define by any pcci-e
rule tiie ob-H*uie and shilling boundaries which dividelibel
fiom hiftory or discussion." ■
Mr. CAMPBELL. I reply that a news-paper
is supposed to ho published for public informa-
tion. There should be a power somewhere to
jiidsro of the criminality of articles published.
Mr. HUTCHINS. " What f fear is that after
the demoralized state of public sentiment in the
free States, which some of these compromising
propositions may bring about, that it will be very
2asy to find pretenses for causing the suppression
of publications of the character i have mentioned.
Mr, STANTON. I hope my colleague will
answer the question dirrc.tly, whether he is in
favor of pcrmittmgpapeis to be published for the
purpose of siiri'D^; up insuriection.
Mr. HUTCHINS. No, sir, I am not: and I
am not in favor of establishing any new doctrine
whereby anti-slaveiy publications may be sup-
pressed under the pretext that they may be pub-
lished <k with the intent " to stir up insurrection.
I do not want to compromise the liberty of the
press, that slavery may have additional protec-
tion and guaranlers. Lam not in favoi offuithcr
restricting the libel ty of the press.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Neither am I; but I am
in favor of placing proper guards upon the licen-
tiousness of the press.
Mr. HUTCHINS. If it is not proposed to
change the exjsting law, why is tin: subject re-
ferred to by the committee'5 i commend the senti-
ments of that brilliant oration of Sir James Mack-
intosh to the gentleman from Pennsylvania, or
anybody else, who, undo.i any pretense whatever,
shall undeitake to siifle freedom of speech or
restrict the liberty of the pre.ss m this country,
jj Mr. COX. 1 wish to make an inquiry of my
Is colleague I wish to know whether I understand
his answer to the question of my other colleague,
[Mr. Stanton.] i understand him to say that
he would not be in favor of publications which
arc calculated to promote servile insurrections.
Is that the answer he gives?
• Mr. HUTCHINS. Yes, sir; but not in the
exact language of your question.
Mr. COX. I ask him, then, if he would be in
favfrr of the publication of such documents as
Theodore Parker's programme, in which he lays
down the doctrine that slaves may murder, steval,
and rob, for the purpose of obtaining their free-
dom ?
Mr. HUTCHINS. I believe I have not read
that programme. I do not recollect its contents.
Mr. EDGERTON. I will answer the gentle-
man.
Mr. COX. I put no question to that gentleman.
i ask my other colleague if he -will answer my
interrogatory ?
Mr. 'HUTCHINS. I will reply to my colleague
in this wise. [ presume I am not as familiar
with t he platform of principles of Theodore Parker
as he is. 1 do not now know whether or not I
have read his programme. I have read some ot
his sermons and anti-slavery publications. If I
have road the programme to which the gentleman
refeis, I cannot now call to mind its language, and
could not, therefore, say whether or not I would
favor its publication. I would not make its pub-
lication criminal.
Mr. COX. It is published in the New York
Tribune.
Mr. CAREY. I object to any further inter-
i uptions.
Mr. HUTCHINS. Mr. Speaker, 1 have made
my criticisms upon the report of the committee
of thirty-three, 1 trust, in all kindness and respect
for the members of that committee. I believe the
doctrine is dangerous, and I protest against it.
Now, to the specific remedies proposed by the
committee: I am opposed to undertaking to save
this Union at the presenttime by a compromise of
any sort by which any new guarantees shall be
given to slavery;and I will briefly give my leasons
why some of the propositions reported by the com-
mittee of thirty-three, which would, under other
circumstances, command my vote, will not noio
receive my assent. What do we understand by a
compromise? My dictionary teaches me that it is
a mutual giving up on each side of some contro-
versy or some question that there is a dispute
about. Now, 1 want to know what concession on
the part of the slave States this committee of thirty-
three, or anybody else, has recommended for our
consideration ? Whati i" lit do they concede by any
proposition that has been submitted ? I say, not
one single thing, except the amendment to the
fugitive slave law, and that amounts to very little
in my judgment. Yet we are railed upon day
after day to ignore party platforms and principles,
and to compiomi.se, by conceding all that is de-
manded to placate those who are in rebellion
against the Government.
'Mr, Speaker, wo have had a great many final
settlements of the slavery question, and every one
of them was to l>e an everlasting finality• The
compromise mcasuresof 1820 were to be an eternal
finality. The compromise measures of lft>0 were
to inaugurate a political millennium, when the I ion
ofs'aveiy was to he down with the lamb of free-
dom, so reconciled that a child might lead them
Sir, who violated the compromise of 1820? Who
violated the compromise of 1850? Not the free
States of this Union. No, sir; I assert as a fact,
that in no single instance, where it was supposed
this question ""of slavery was compromised and
settled as between the fiee and slave Staffs, have
the fiee States, directly or indirectly, violated it.
If they have, I challenge the advocates of slavery
upon this floor to show it. But in every instance
these compromises have been disregarded by the _
slaveholding interest, in 3854 the interest of sla-
very pi ocured the repeal of the Missouri compro-
mise, and the interest of freedom resisted it.
I am opposed to any new compromises. They
have not been, and cannot m the nature of things
be, productive of pei mane it good or lasting peace.
They only postpone and complicate the difficul-
ties. I do not see why any one should desire to
nicreaxi the influence and p*w  r of slaveiy. It
has divided nil political and religmus organizations
