THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, J). C.
Thirty-Sixth Congress, 2d Session.
FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 8, 1861.
New Series No. 50.
their asserted sovereignty, the first thing this Gov-
ernment must do,and the only thing it can do, is
to send its fleets to their harbors and its armies to
their fields, to subvert that wrongful, that revolu-
tionary, that illegal government. When they have
removed the coercion; when they have crushed
out that revolutionary power which is coercing
the people, whether they will or not, to obey its
behests; when they have done that, and left every
individual in South Carolina fco obey the laws of
this Government or not, as he sees tit, then they
may punish him, if he disobeys. But I say it is
a monstrous cruelty to allow a government that
you call wrongful, and revolutionary and illegal,
which government is now dealing as it pleases
with the lives, with the liberties, with the prop-
erty of every man, woman, and child within the
limits of that State—to leave that government in
full power; and then say, if the individuals there
that are under that power do not obey your laws,
you will hang, draw, and quarter them. Remove
the coercion; give them^he right of volition; and
when you have done that, then you may, with
propriety and without ciuclty, attempt to enforce
your laws; but to say that you will not use co-
ercion against a State-—that you will leave this
government therein full power to confiscate every
man's property, deprive him of his liberty, put
him into the pillory or the penitentiary, or exe-
cute him under the gibbet, if he does not obey
that form of government—to leave that govern-
ment in full force to deal thus with every man in
the State; and yet say you will confiscate, you
will deprive of liberty, you will deprive of life
■every individual who docs notobey your laws, is,
as I said before, a monstrous cruelty and an out-
rage. Call things by their right names. Say you
arc going to coerce,if you intend to doit; say that
you are going to stop that government: say that
you are going to establish another government
there, and do it in the only way you can—by
force of arms.
Let the Senator from Tennessee go and follow
the bloody banner if he desires it. But he tells
us he is a man of peace; he never had any inten-
tion to invade South Carolina. I never believed
he had. lie alluded to JEsop's fables yesteiday.
There is anotherfableof iEsop's that he possibly
has read. The was a certain man who, after the
fighting was over, was taken prisoner. He asked
to be treated with mercy. He said he had done
.nothing. They asked him what he was doing
there? He said he had been blowing a horn; he
was a trumpeter; and they took him out and ex-
ecuted him. He had created all the confusion,
he had been egging others on; but had taken no
part in it himself. Thus the Senator from Ten-
nessee is eggingon the Black Republicans, declar-
ing that the people of Tennessee will submit to
the iron rule of despotism; urging and advising
that the cotton States shall be crushed, that blood
shall flow, that our fields shall be enriched with
human flesh and whitened with human bones.
That is what he advises; and yet lie is a peace
man!
It is very easy for bystanders to make obser-
vations. It is very easy to gut up here in the Sen-
ate and talk about enforcing the laws. It is quite
a different thing to undertake the enforcement
yourself; a work that I apprehend the Senator
from Tennessee speaks truly when he says he will
never undertake.
He alluded to Shakspeare yesterday. There
was another paragraph or scene that he might well
have quoted, had he been disposed. I recollect
that tise gellant Hotspur, speaking to his king as
to the delivery of his prisoners, said he " an-
swered indifferently, he knew not what, for he
was mad to see a popinjay discourse
Of guns. arid dtam->. and wounds (Godsave the mailt!)"
" And that s'f was great pity, ^o it was,
That villainous sair^efei should be diggM
Out of the bowel.-. oi tfie harmless eaith,
Which mam- a good £ lat' fellow bad destroy \1
So cowaidlv; aud, but tot the?.e vile suns,
Ho would hinn>elf have been atoMici."
I have been led into a digression, sir. I  
f>0
speaking of a different man altogether. I was
speaking of the immortal Jackson; of what were
his politics; and what were his political opinions.
1 was attempting to remove the slander^ which
nationalism now attempts to put upon his char-
acter. The Richmond Enquirer of the 13th of
March, 1832, says;
"Nullification—An Error Corrected.—We have
coine beloie the public to coirect an erior into which we
have betiayed them. Some of the politicians of South Car-
olina had maintained the opinion that Mr. Jefferson was
not only the friend, hut the father, of the doctrine of nulli-
fication; and then piiueipal argument was, that he was the
author of the Kentucky resolut tons of J 799, as well as those
of 1798; and that in those of 1799 is to be found the mem-
orable passage, that4 the several States,5 &c.
" We had a gteat curiosity to ascertain the truth of this
opinion." + * * * " We have now to state
our conviction that we were wrong, and the South Caro-
linians right, as to Mr.Joffevsoii'sopmious. Asm.ill man-
usenpt hook lias been found among his papers, which, with
other articles, contains two copies m his own handwi itmg,
that appear to have been the originals of the Kentucky les-
oluuons."
Now, if the Senator wishes to denounce seces-
sion and nullification eo nomine, let him go back
and denounce Jefferson; let him denounce Jack-
son, if he dare, and go back and look that Ten-
nessee Democracy in the face, and see whether
they will content themselves with riddling his
effigy. General Jackson approved of the doctrine
of nullification in 1798. Was he a Republican in
those days? Lot us see. I will read the record.
Dr. William Dickson, September 1, 1801, was a
candidate for Congress, in the distiict m which
General Jackson lived. I have gone into detail
to show what was the doctrine of the Republican
party. The Kentucky resolutions of 1798 and
1799, were the doctrines of the Republican party,
and the Virginia resolutions of 1798 and the Vir-
ginia report of1799, were also the doctrines of that
party. Mr. Jefferson was its great head. Upon
those doctrines he had been voted for. As the
exponent and the author of those doctrines, he
had been elected. On the 1st day of September,
of 1801, Dr. Dickson was the candidate for Con-
giess in Tennessee. General Andrew Jackson
says to him that ho believes that any citizen who
docs obtain the suffrages of the freemen of Ten-
nessee, " must be a Republican, and in politics,
like Caesar's wife, not only chaste, but unsus-
pected;" and therefore he propounds these inter-
rogatories to this candidate:
"Have you always been an admirer of State author-
ity?"
Not of the Union, but of the State authorities:
'•Ate you now, and have you nlwavs been, an admher
of the Constirulion oi tlic Tiiitcd States, fuendly to it-, ad-
muiii-U.ifion, ugieeabio to the true litoial meaning of the
instrument, and banishing the dangcioiis doetune of impli-
cation ?
•' Have you always Ivi'ii, and ate you now, opposed fo
standing ai imos m tune of peace ? "
Or would you like to cooperate with Mr. Joseph
Holt and the commandor-m-chief, the lieutenant
general, in collecting standing armies and plant-
ing frowning batteries upon the Capitol of the
country?
" And. lastly, are \ou a leal Republican in principle, and
will you be a Republican in practice ?"
These were the searching questions which An-
drew Jackson, on the 1st day of September, 1801,
propounded toacandidate who offered his services
to the Democracy of Tennessee, and an explicit
answer to which lie demanded. I have shown
that General Jackson voted against an address
approving of Geueial Washington's administra-
tion, and hoping that General Washington's ex-
ample would be followed by his successors. I
have shown that, in a few years afterwards, in
1801, he objected to Mr. Iftckson, because he
doubted whether he was a Republican. I have
shown what the Republican doctrine was; that it
was not only secession, but nullification. 1 go
on In 1831 General Jackson entertained the same j
views, notas explicitly expressed; but tl\o^e who |
willlisten to me wiHsee. TheSmaleofthc United i
Suites had inquired for infoimution 95 to whether |
the pro\isions of the act "to regulate the inter- j
course with fkn Indian inN?s and to preserve peace i
on the frontiers" had been complied with, and if
tliey had not, asking the reasons for the non-com-
pliance; and to this, President Jackson answered:
"The Indians, thus situated, cannot be regarded in any
other light than as members of a foreign Government, or
that of a State within whose chartered limits they reside.
}f in the former, the ordinary legislation in relation to them
is not warranted by the Constitution, which was established
for the benefit of our own, not of a foreign people. If in
the latter, then, like other citizens or people resident within
the limits of the States, they are subject to their jurisdic-
tion and control. To maintain a contiary doctrine, and to
require the Executive to maintain it by the ymployinent of
military force, would be to place in his hands a power to
make war upon the rights of the States and the liberties of
the country—a power which should be placed in the hands
of no individual."
Pretty good, strong Republican, State-rights
doctrine, such as was adopted and endorsed at
Baltimore, in 1852, and at Cincinnati, in 1856,
such as the Senator from Tennessee has been
professing to live up to from that day to this. It
is well known to the Senate, if not to the Senator,
that in 1830 a great debate sprung up on some reso-
lutions introduced by Mr. Foot, of Connecticut,
and which is alluded to generally as the debate
upon Foot's resolutions. He who has been called
"the God-l/ke," and by some " the great ex-
pounder of the Constitution," Daniel Webster,
on that occasion advocated the doctrines which
the Tennessee Senator now advocates; and Rob-
ert Y. Hayne, of South Carolina, advocated the
doctrines of Kentucky and Virginia. It is use-
less to read from his speech, because it is known
to every one what his views were. He advocated
to the extremest point the right of State sover-
eignty and State interposition. Subsequently to
that time there was a dispute—it was after the
issue of the proclamation—as to what General
Jackson's real views were. Mr. Daniel, of Ken-
tucky, in the House of Representatives rose and
stated that General Jackson had indorsed, but two
years before, the principles announced by Robert
Y. Hayne, of South Carolina, in that speech of
his which contained the doctrine of secession
and nullification. Mr. Bell, of Tennessee, who at
that early day had turned Nationalist, seemed to
doubt it. I will read what was said. Mr. Daniel
declared:
" The doctrine? advocated by Mr. Hayne, as well as the
mode in which they were advocated, had at that time met
with the approbation of the President, as expressed in di-
rect t<juns m a letter lrom him to Mr. Iiayne. Tho terms
employed weie as slrong as language could afford. They
were to the effect that the speech contained an exposition
of the tiue principles of republicanism"—
" Republicanism" was a word that Old Hick-
ory was very fond of—
" and that it should be bound up and placed in his library
along with the works ot Thomas Jefferson.
" Mr. Bell, of Tennessee, here rose in his place and in-
clined of Mi. Daniel whether he had a personal knowledge
of the President's approval of those punciples, and of his
commendation of Mr. Ha>no's .speech.
" Before Mr. Daniel could reply,
uMi. Carson, of North Carolina, rose with much ear-
nestness, and &atdi 41, from my personal knowledge, can
deelare that such is the fact. The President expiessed his
approbation of that speech to me in person.'
kk Mr. Bell and Mr. Carson having resumed their seats,
"Mr. DiMicLproceeded^and said what he knew of the
Presidents opinions on this subject was from documents
cmanaungfrom the President's own pen ; from the various
statement^ of gentlemen whoso veracity could not be im-
peached, independent of a host of conoboiating circum-
stances."— Congressional Debates, vol. 9, pait % p. 1886.
Then, in 1830, General Jackson still advocated
the doctrine of the Republican party of 1798 and
1799; and how did his friends stand on that occa-
sion ? 1 suppose no one will doubt that Thomas
H. Benton was at that time a pretty fair exponent
of Jackson's views. In the debate on Foot'sres-
oluuons, Mr. Benton said:
<l I resume my speech [said Mr. B.] at the point at which
it was suspended when I gave way to the natural and laud-
able impatience of the Senator from South Carolina, who
sit? on the right, [Mr. Hayne,] to vindicate himself, his
State, and the Houth, from what appeared to me to be a
rrKht gratuitous aggression. Well and nobly has he done
it. Much as he had done before, to establish his reputation
as an oi ator, a statesman, a patnot, and a gallant son of the
South, the etFoits of these days eclipse and surpass the
whole. Thoj will be an eia in his senatorial career which
his fnends and his country will maiK and remember, and
look back upon with pride and exultation."—Congressional
T)ehatcs-. \ ol. 0. pan 1, p. 102.
