786
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 7,
The attack alluded to was the attack of "Web-
ster. Mr. Hayne rose to reply to it, and Benton
way; and afterwards, in the language 1 have
just read, indorsed what Robert Y. Hayne said
then in the defense of the doctrine of secession
and nullification. In 1830, Felix Grundy was a
Sonrttor from Tennessee, the intimate friend of
Jackson, his exponent, and, I would say, if it
were not that it might convey an idea that was
not complimentary to him, that he was the mouth-
piece of Jackson. No Tennesseean doubts that,
what Felix Giundythen said, Andrew Jackson
then approved. In 1830, on Foot's resolutions,
in reply to Mr. Webster, and m support of Mr.
Hayne, Mr. Grundy used this language:
" What, then, is to be done if Congress pass an act be-
yond the limits of its constitutional powers, and it is found
to operate onoreasively—say upon Virginia? I name this
old, leading, champion Stale, lor the puipose ot illustrat-
ing my argument mme clearly. fcJhall Virginia submit?
"No. She is oppressed—unconstitutionally oppies«ed. The
General Government has declared, m all it? departments,
that the act is binding. The Legislature of Vugirua i  of
a difhrrnt opinion. Has she no light to *ay to the* General
Government, Wo did not give up tin.-- power which jou
have C-xeieisedMay Mie not say, u It is an authority
you have nsuipcd ?'* Huch language ha& been held—it was
done by Virginia and Kentucky, by their involutions of
1798 and 1799; and it produced the desned effect. TIiom:
whohadexetcised unconstitutional powers, wcie put down,
and the ndmnristiation of Mi. Jefferson succeeded. Tins
was an appeal to the intelligence and patnotiMii of the
nation, to eoriect the evil tlnough the medium ot the elect-
ive franchise. It pievadcd, and will always pievail, un-
less an interest exist in the maiouty at variance with the
Interest of the minority. When that is the case, it may
liappen that a sen c of justice will be too weak to produce
a xepcnl of the unconstitutional measure. What then?
Shall Virginia throw herself out of the Union? No. One
set of agents employed to act in the Federal Government
have asserted their authority and jurisdiction over ceitam
subjects, and they insist on the right to do so. Another,
acting in the States, insist that the agents of the General
Government have tianseended their authoiity, ingrafted
on the Constitution piovisiona not onginalfv contained in
it, and are eveicising the reseived power* of the Slate. It
becomes a mere dispute amomr agents ; the employers, the
masters, the real soveieiyns, have not decided st. i n tiii>
state of things, shall Vngmia submit to be despoiled of her
sovereignty? Sir, she will not, by tame .subnii'sMon, mii-
render her high political chaiactei and pie<. ni in once; lather
than do this, hei Madison* and Monroe would toigef their
years, and mingle again in political strife ; hei Giles would
lay aside the crutches of deciepitude ; and the gentleman
from Maine [Mr.Holmes] would again heai the keen,cut-
ting voice ot the Roanoke orator, dividing and separating
even unto the joints and mairow.
" If J am to understand any Penatoi as saying that a State
Legislature can nullify and make void an act of Congress
volar a4, to pieventits opeiation within her limits, 1 dfs
sent fioin hun. The Federal Constitution was not icceiv ed
or adopted by the Legislatures ot the States; the member
me not elected for such high ptuposes. The ambition ot a
few aspiring men might mislead the Legislature when
called upon to act buddenly and unexpectedly. Lot the
Injured and oppicssed State, then, assume its hi«he.-t politi-
cal attitude—-a convention in the State., foi th" pmposo of
deciding whether th« great fundamental law which unites
and binds the States togethei, has been violated, by Con
gross having exercised powers io-.erved to the St:ito-, and
not delegated to the General Government. Ifafabo clatnoi
ba~. been lai.sed, this mcastue will put it down. Ineveiv
State there isadivisiou anions politician-.,and the minor-
ity isonh waiting loi an opportunity to put the uiapmiy
in thewiong. The people, being called upon to act in this
solemn rnannei, will put the whole intelligence ol the com-
munity into action. The aged, the who, the expel lenced,
well-tried friends of the country will be called into the pub-
lic sei vice. Such men will not lightly pronounce an act of
Con/rre^s unconstitutional and void. Ihn,should thoy upon
full consideration so declare, how will the question then
stand? it the State possesses the power to act, as I have
shown, the necessary consequence is that the act of < 'on-
greb- in'.J^t ceavc to opciatc m the State, and Congress
must nctjuiesop, by abindoiiin<; the power, or obtain an
express, giant from tiie great soutee trom which all the
poueis ate diawn. The General Government would lu\e
no right to u*c force. It would be, a glaring ab-aaditv to
s-uppose that the State had the rwht to judge of the eon-ti-
umonaliu of an act of the Genera! Government, and at the
tamo lime to s-siv that Connie-.* had the ngnt to enSoice a
«ttbmU-ioti to tiiti aei. This would involve a palpable con-
tl^uhetlon.',— Congressional Debatevol. 6, pait 1, p. 3K*.
It will be seen from that, that Felix Grnndy
advocatochhen,to the fullest extent, thedoctuno of
nullification, odious as it now is to the Senator
from Tennessee. lie was then the Senator from
that State. The Senator fiom Tennessee who is
now here said in terms of compliment and kind-
ness to the Virginia Senators yesterday, that he
preferred refemng to the opinions of the great
men of Virginia of the olden time. I will not
return the compliment by drawing a contrast be-
tween Grundy, the great Senator from Tennessee,
and himself. These were the doctrines that the
Tennessee Senatonn 1830entertained. The world
knows what the Senator who at present repre-
sents that State advocates. ^
Now, sir, with this testimony as to General
Jackson's views of the organization of our Gov-
ernment, and its powers and the rights of the
States, leaving out the proclamation entirely, I
come down to the last year of his administration.
He issued a farewell address; and in that docu-
ment, upon which he based his reputation with
posterity, he used this language:
" But the Constitution cannot be maintained, nor the
Union preseived, in opposition to public feeling, by the
mere exertion of the coercive powers confided to the Gen-
eial Government. The foundations, mu t be laid in the
affections of the people j in the seem ity it gives tohfe, lib-
erty, character, and piopertv, in every quaiter of the coun-
try, and in the fraternal attachments which the citizens of
the several States bear to one another as members of one
political family, mutually contributing to piomote the hap-
piness of each other. Ilence, the citizens of eveiy State
should studiously avoid everything calculated to wound the
sensibility or offend the just piide of the people of other
States; and they should frown upon any proceedings within
tiieir own borders likely to disturb the tranquillity of their
political biethien in other portion.* of the Union. In a
country so extensive as the United States, and with pur-
suits so varied, the internal regulations of the several States
must frequently difter irom one another in impoitaut pai-
tieulais; and this difleience unavoidably increased by
the varying pnnciples upon wlucli the Aineuean colonies
were originally planted—piinciples which had taken deep
loot in Their social relations before the Revolution, and
therefore, of necessity, inlluencing their policy since they
became free and independent States. But each State has
the unquestionable light to regulate its own internal con-
cern?. according to its own ploasuie; and while it does notin-
teilere with the lights of the people of other States, oi the
lights ol the Union, every State must be the sole judge of
the measuies piopcr ro sccurc the safety of its citizens, and
promote their happiness; and all efforts on the part of the
people of other States to castodiumupon then institutions,
and ail measures calculated to distuib their lights of prop-
el ty, oi to put m jeopardy their peace and internal tran-
quillity, aie in direct opposition to the spiiit in which the
Union was formed, and must endanger its satety."
He says further:
" Fiom the extent of our country, its diversified interests,
difFetent puisuits, and ddfeient habit4., it is too obvious for
argument that a single consolidated Government would be
wholly inadequate to watch ovei and protect its inteu-Nts;
and every iueud of our fiee institutions should be always
pivpaud to maintain, unimpaued and in full vigoi, the
luibts and soveieignty of the Stated, and to confine the ac-
tion ot the General Government stuctly to the sphcie ot its
appiopriate duties.."
This is the last exposition that we have of Gen-
eral Jackson's views. Beginning in the year 1797,
and from that time continuously, until the year in
which lie passed from public life, Ave have an un-
broken chain of evidence that he was a Republi-
can according to the doctrines set forth in the
Kentucky resolutions, saving and excepting one
snigh' document that he ever signed, and that was
the proclamation. Yet this single isolated paper is
now seized upbn by Black Republicanism, and
by the Senator from Tennessee; and every doc-
ument, every speech, every letter in his life is
ignored, and the name of Jackson is here held up
in order to give respectability to the doctrines of
parties who lire for trampling the Constitution of
the country under foot, and denying to the peo-
ple of these sovereign States the right of self-gov-
ernment. 1 pledged myself to rescue the name of
that great man from the slanders which have been
uttered against 11, and I have redeemed that pledge.
Mr. President, a great deal of use has been made
of the name of Mr. Madison. He has been quoted
by the Tennessee Senator. He has been quoted
as authority for this being a consolidated Govern-
ment. Let me read what he said in the thirty-
ninth number of the Federalist, a paper which was
wutten in order to make tl c Constitution accept-
able to the people of the different States; and it is
well that the authority of that paper, or book, as
it now is, should be well understood. When the
convention drafted the Constitution, and submit-
ted it to the different States for their ratification,
it was not acceptable to a very laige number of
the people of the United States. There was the
immortal Henry, who opposed the ratification by
Virginia to the'bitter end. Some of the wisest,
some of the most patriotic, some of the purest
men m the different States opposed it, because
they suspected—to use the language of John "Ran-
dolph,ofPvoanoke—that there was " poison under
us wing;" that, by construction, powers would be
assumed by the Federal Government which had
never been intended to be delegated. Under these
circumstances, three distinguished men wrote a
series of articles anonymously—Mr. Jay, Mr.
Hamilton, and Mr. Madison. These newspaper
articles were circulated through the country. Any
one who will take up the Federalist, and read it
from beginning to end, will see that they were
adapted to their particular localities. Wherever
there was opposition to the Constitution on a par-
ticular subject, there the issue was made, and tha-t
matter was discussed; and there being a State-
rights feeling throughout the entire country, the
federative character was held up prominently to
view, and the idea of there being nationalism in
the Constitution was denounced everywhere. Mr.
Madison wrote, in the thirty-ninth number of the
Federalist, these words:
" On examining the first relation, it appears, on one hand,
that the Constitution is to be founded on the assent and
ratification of tho people of America, given by deputie-4
clected for the special purpose; but on the other, that this
assent and ratification is to be given by the people, not as
individuals composing one entne nation, but as composing
the distinct and independent States to which they respect-
ively belong."
And, because I have said that, my face has been
laughed in here time and again; because I have
said that there was no such nation as the people
of America; that there were no such people as the
people of America; that there were no citizens of
any such single political community; that a man
could not bo a citizen of the United States, for the
simple reason that it is impossible for one to be a
citizen of a country that has no existence. The
conclusion is perfectly satisfactory to me, however
absurd it may seem to others, that as there is no
such political community as the people of the Uni-
ted States, it is impossible that there can be any
citizen of the United States; but they are citizens
of the several States. Tffls is the language of Mr.
Madison. when he was writing this article to make
it acceptable to the people of Virginia:
"This assent and ratification is to be given by the people,
not as individuals composing one entne nation, but aseom-
poMiig the distinct and independent States to which they
respectively belong. It is to be the assent and latification
of the seveial States, derived fiom the supreme authoiity
in each St.ite—tho authority of the people themselves.
The act, theiefore, establishing the Constitution, will not
be a national, but a Federal act,
''That it will be a Federal and not a national act, as
these teims are understood by the objectors, the act oi the
people, as> forming so many independent States, not as
lormimj one aggregate nation, is obvious fiom this single
coiicidoiatiou, that it i« to icsuit r.orhor liom tho decision
ol a majority ol the people ot the Union, nor irom ti ma-
jority oi the States. It mivst ic^ult l'tom the'unanimous as-
Vent of tho several States that are parties to it, differing no
othciwue liom their ordinaiy absent than in its being e\-
piesced, not by the legislative authoiity, but by that of the-
people themselves.
Such was the doctrine of Madison when he
wrote to make this Constitution acceptable to the
people of Virginia. But further: Mr. Madison,
m the Virginia convention, w hen the Constitution
was assailed, and it was declared that it would
form a nation, would obliterate State lines, and
practically abolish State governments, rose and
said:
''Who are parties to it? [the Constitution.] The peo-
ple; hut not the people as composing one great body, but the
people as composing thirteen sovereignties. Weie it, as
the gentleman asserts, a consolidated Government, the
assent of a majoiity of the people would be Mithcienf 101 its
establishment; and as a majonty have adopted it already,
the remaining States would he bound bv the act of the ma-
jority, oven it they unanimously teprohate it. Weit? it such
a Government as is suggested, ltwouid bo now binding on,
the people of this State, without having had the pnvilege
of dehbeiating upon it. But, su, no Stale inbound by it, as
it is, without its own consent."—Elliot's Debates, vol. 3^
p. 94.
So much as to the character of the Government.
Now as to the question of secession, and the un-
derstanding at the ratification of Vi'gima. In this
same Virginia convention, Mr. James Madison,
being a member, used this language as to the dis-
tinct right of secession. 1 quote from Kliiot's
Debates, vol. 3, p. 414:
"An observation fell irom a yi-ntleman on tho &ame side
with nivsep, whir-h deceives to be intended to It wo be
dissatisfied with the national Government, it we should
choose to renounce it, tins is an additional saie^uaid to
our defense.-"
How " an additional safeguard to our defense ?J>
One of the members of the convention had ex-
pressed tho idea that they could renounce it at
any time—a gentleman on the same side as him-
self, arguing in favor of the ratification. Mr.
Madison says: yes, I concur; and it is an addi-
tional reason for our ratification, because if we
become dissatisfied with the Constitution in its
practical operations and bearing, we can renounce
it when we see fit.
Now, Mr. President, there is one rule of con-
jj struing all written instruments, that is invaiiable.
jj It is not the opinion of the party who draws the
!l instrument, but the opinion of those who sign it,
ij that governs; and if you can ascertain the under-
!! standmgof the States when they came to ratify
