18(51.]
;;Otu Coxg....2d Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Siciic of (he Union—Mr. Smith.
203 .
Ho. of Beps.
dry up the source of their power; paralyze the
energies of their prospenty; destroy the emblems
of their civilization; eradicate from the breasts of
their people the love of justice and the hatred of
oppression; and he will have brought about a
final settlement of the slavery question. This
would out-Cnttenden Crittenden.
Mr. Speaker, the conspiracy to destroy this
Government is extensive and wide-spread, pene-
trating every department of the Government; and,
but for providential interposition, it might have
succeeded. I cannot better define this great crime
than to quote from an editorial article from the
Baltimore Sun, under the head of "The Great
Crime of History,5' omitting the editorial " wc:"
" In all the histork- annals of our race, I can point to no
crane so grout, &o infamous so purely viciou.-, becau-e so
completely causeless and inexcusable, as that winch lm* 
dissolved the Union of ine^e Sure*. And that then! should
bo any nnn in this southern section of 0111 common toni-
toty who can tegard the criminal processor, and the reck-
less and relentless perpotiators of tins gte.-t crime, with any
dcgicc ot toleiation, is to me pc-iieetly incomprehensible."
The eloquent editor endeavored to fasten this
great ci ime upon others; but 1 charge it upon him,
and those sympathizing with him, who counsel
treason .and apologize for traitors. This great
crime must be put down as other crimes are put
down—by coercion. The question is not now
whether the Government should coerce a State,
but whether the people of a State shall coerce the
Government Our flag has been insulted, our forts
have been captured, and our property has been
stolen; and no Government can exist without
coercing obedience to us laws, and putting down
organized rebellion, however formidable it may
be. Our forts must he recaptured, our stolon prop-
erty lecovered, the Constitution and laws must be
obeyed. If that means coercion, then I am for
coercion.
I believe that a large majority in the slave
States arc yet loyal to the Constitution, and that
there is a Union feeling in the States which have
passed ordinances of secession that will yet put
down rebellion there. It is, for the time being,
overborne by the terrorism which prevails, i
think the reaction has already commenced. Well,
it is said we must do something to aid this reac-
tion, and at least save the border slave States.
Su, is not the Constitution as it is, broad enough
for all Union men to stand upon? It is not pro-
posed to take from the people of the slave States
one single constitutional guarantee which they
now have.
At the commencement of this session, I was
opposed to all measures which held out plans of
compromise; and 1 firmly believe that the position
of the Union men m the border slave States would
have been stronger to-day, if a majority of this
House had given them the firm platform of the
Constitution to stand on, instead of throwing to
them rotten planks of compromise, which must
ultimately give way before the surging waves of
the disunion fanaticism that is sweeping over those
States. 1 know their position is embarrassing;
and if they can stand at all, they must stand upon
the declaration of General Jackson, that "the
Union must be preserved
I am willing to unite with all men who arc for
the integrity of the Union. I do not thereby adopt
their views upon the slavery question, or other
questions, nor do they adopt mine. If the people
ofany State desire the Consu tut ion amended, they
can submit propositions of amendment; and they
would be entitled to a respectful consideration, if
not coupled with a threat to break up the Govern-
ment, if not granted.
I hope, sirj that the Constitution will never be
so amended as to give any additional guarantees
to sla\ery. All who vote for such amendments
arc guilty of its criminality and injustice. All the
elements of agitation are now at work to bring
about such amendments; but I trust they will sig-
nally faii. The people are still true to thoir con-
victions, and, whatever their representatives may
do, they will never, I trust, in the eloquent lan-
guage of Dr. Channing,4< give countenance to the
doctrine which all tyrants hold, that material
power, physical pain, is mightier than the convic-
tions of reason, than the piinciple of duty, than
the love of God and mankind." They will, if
neecssary, with warm hearts and stiong arms,
rally to the support of a ji's^Govornnient; and let
us, their Representatives, stand firm to our con-
victions, leaving the result in the hands of that
Providenc&that has never forsaken us in the dark-
est hour of our history.
STATE OF THE UNION.
SPEECH OF HON. W. N. H. SMITH,
of noutii carolina,
In the House of RepresExNtatives,
February 8, 1861.
The limine having under consideration the report from
the select committee of flurty-throo—
Mr. SMITH, of North Carolina, said:
Mr. Speaker: I rise to address you and the mem-
bers of this House, and through you and them
the constituencies wc represent, under circum-
stances of painful embarrassment and of grave,
deep responsibility. Wc cannot be insensible to
events which, transpiring within the brief inter-
val since our assembling at the present session,
have marked their indelible impress upon the his-
tory of the country.^ We cannot banish from view
the evidences of a great and still progressing move-
ment, whoso effects, here as elsewhere, are con-
stantly before our eyes.
Thirty of our associates have withdrawn, at the
call of their respective States, and are no longer of
our body. The expressive silence which responds
to the roll-call of their names—these vacant seats
so recently occupied—are the ever-present wit-
nesses of the changes which have'been produced
in our national condition.
In the piesence of these facts, and while the
process of disintegration is thus rapidlygoing on
—when we see State after State sepatating them-
selves, by the action of conventions within their
limits, from the Confederacy, and sending dele-
gates, aa did the colonies in the Revolution, to
anothei congress, now sitting in a distant city, to
organize a new and independent form of govern-
ment—I have asked myself, what have we, the
Representatives of the people,been doing? What
measures of pacification have wc been initiating
and maturing to airest the further progress of the
movement? what to restore to the dismembered
brotherhood the members broken from it?
The people will hold their Representatives to a
just and fearful accounuUhty for their inaction
at such a crisis. Already have they commis-
sioned another congress and charged it with the
trust of composing" dissensions which threaten
the overthrow of Government, and whose adjust-
ment has proved too formidable a woik for us.
Until a very recent period, I have felt a great and
increasing despondence as to a pacific solution of
our sectional dissensions. Yet, since Virginia
suggested the movement, so generally responded
to by the States still remaining in the Union,
which has brought in council commissioners of
peace and conciliation from so large a part of the
Confederacy, I have had a reviving hope in these
indications of a determination among the masses
of the people to take their difficulties into their
own hands; that they might yet. be adjusted by
otiicr agencies than our own. While we, upon
whom primarily the duty rests, are engaged, day
after day, in discussing the causes and extent of
the disruption which has taken place, instead of
providing some adequate and sufficient remedy
for the grievances which have produced it; while
such has been our conduct here, what has been
the result elsewhere? At this moment, my own
State is calling a convention of hei people to delib-
erate upon the most momentous issue ever sub-
mitted to thou* determination, and in its conse-
quences involving their entire future relations
with the Federal Government. Elsewhere,in the
bolder slavehoJding States, the popular mind is
occupied with the same perplexing topic, and is
intently considering the question to which of the
parts of a permanently dissevered Republic their
safety, duty, and interest, will impel them to form
a connection.
In the course of this debate, it has been fre-
quently asked by members of the Republican
paity who have spoken: " Why is all this Com-
motion ? What has produced thegeneral distrust
and alarm now pervading the southern people r"
And it is said by them, " We have elected our can-
didate to the Presidency of the United States in
strict conformity with the. requirements of the
Constitution, and this is the only act done or men-
aced to inflame resentments that are rending the
Union." Undoubtedly, an adverse result of a
presidential canvass, as it. is manifestly an insuffi-
cient cause, cannot fairly be supposed to produce
the effects upon the minds of the southern people
which are ascribed toitsagency. This, however,
is a very imperfect statement of the case. The
difficulty lies not in the issue of an election, but
in the means and influences by which success has
been achieved. The fact is significant mainly
from its connection with others preceding and ac-
companying it. To be properly estimated and
understood, it must be seen in its relations and
dependencies. In a Confederacy of States differ-
ing so much in institutions, interests, and habits,
as those which form the Union, sectional parties
cannot be otherwise than dangerous to the public
tranquillity, and their permanent domination will
inevitably lead to the overthrow of Government
or the separation of its constituent parts.
This has been the concurring opinion of wise
and patriotic men from the very foundation of our
present system to the present hour. In his Fare-
well Address to his countrymen, and in words of
fervid entreaty, graven upon every American
heart, Washington remonstrated earnestly against
the formation of geographical parties.
hi an address delivered by Millard Fillmore at
Albany, in the year 1856, immediately after the
organization of the Republican party, in view of
the consequences of its possible success, he spoke
as follows:
Wo see a political party presenting candidates for the
Presidency and Vice Presidency selected for the first time
ftom the free States alone, with the avowed purpose oi
electing these candidates by suffrages of one part of the
Union only, to rule over the whole United Slates. Can it
be po-5-ibli; that those who are engaged in such a measure
can have seriously reflected upon the consequences which
mii?t Inevitably follow, incase of succor? Can they have
the madness or the folly to believe that our southern breth-
ren would submit to be governed by such a Chief Magis-
Lidle
And then, reversing the case, for the purpose of
illustration, he proceeds:
" Suppose that the South, having a majority of the elec-
toral votes, should declare that they would only have slave-
holder-, for President and Vice President, and should elect
«uch by their exclusive suffrages to rule over us at the
North : do you think wc would submit to it? No: not for a
moment. And, do you believe that your southern brethren
aie less sensitive on tins subject than >ou arc, or les& jeal-
ous of iln'ir rights? If you do, let me tell you that you are
mistaken. And therefoie you must see, that if tins sectional
party succeeds, it leads inevitably to the destiucuon of ihis
beautiful labric, ieared by our forefathers, cemented by
their blood, and bequeathed to us as a priceless inherit-
ance."
I do not cite this testimony to justify the act of
national disruption, as I am sure such was not
the purpose of the patriot and statesman who
uttered it, but as prophetic of the irritating effect
of a sectional asccndency upon the southern mind
and the consequences to winch it would lead.
Let me refer again to a similar warning given
by the nominee for the Vice Presidency of the
constitutional Union party, in his letter of accept-
ance, of the 29th day of May last. Mr. Everett
writes:
I suppose it to be the almost universal impression—it Is
eeitamly mine—that the existing state of affairs is ex-
ttemely critical. Our political controveisies have substan-
tially assumed an almost purely sectional character—that
of a fearful stiujjstlc between the North and the South. It
would not be difficult to show at length the perilous nature
and tendency of this stru^lc ; but 1 can only say on this
occasion that, m my opinion, it cannot be much longer kept
up without rending the Union."
And again:
" Can such a state of things lon<? continue, especially with
the cvcr-pi esentri>k ol neweauses of exasperation? I own
it seems tome impossible, unices s-ome healing course is
adopted, that the car strophe which the ina^s of good citi
zens depieeate, •should be much longer delayed. A spirit of
p.iHiotic moderation mu^t be called into action throughout
the Union, or it will assui edly be broken up."
In a letter written by Mr. Bell on the Gth of
December last, he uses the following strong and
emphatic language in reference to the Republican
j party and its recent triumph:
| u 1 have often expressed the opinion that the success of
a purely M'ctioinl party, oiganized upon any principle, sen-
i tuneut, or pohe\, in r-ttony antagonism to the nuei est*, and
' >entunents ui tiw oppo<ii ^ and Hele.ued s<-eUoiis, would
i (i.-eply unpen! the Union ; noi did f boh"ve. until the re-
i suit of the October elections became known, that a ma-
