790
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 7,
These, Senators, are facts. I came here to
plead for peace; but I have seen so much and felt
so much, that I am becoming at last, to tel'i the
plain truth about the matter, rather indifferent as
to which way the thing turns. If you want war,
you can have it. If you want peace, you can get
It; but I plead not for peace.
I suppose that for the remarks which I have
made I shall be treated by the Republican papers,
as usual, with denunciation. I have spoken
plainly; I have spoken what I thought right; what
I believe to be the sentiment of the section in
which I live. I see this in the Tribune of yester-
day:
" Andrew Johnson, of Tennessee, made the strongest
anti-secession speech in the Senate to-day that has been
delivered in that body. He overhauled some of his late po-
litical confederates, who have turned secessionists, with
immense effect. lie confionted theinecont acts and argu-
ments with a series of votes on the Ihown resolutions in
favor of congressional protection to slavery, given last spi ing
in tlie Senate, and utterly overwhelmed them by his ex-
position. Joe Lane, of Oregon, who was the Senator's
candidate for the Vice Presidency, was? badly smasned. it
i* seldom that au argumentative triumph has been so com-
plete in the Senate."
Bat that is not all. The Tribune had to notice
if, twice; take two bites at the cherry. Again, the
Tribune says:
" Andrew Johnson's speech, In answer to the attacks
made upon him by Democratic Senator, was perfectly
scarifying. Nothing like it has been heard for years, lie
exposed the bald inconsistencies of the secessionists who
had assailed his fidwlity to the South, by showing from the
record, before ihe Charleston convention, that they had
voted against the protection of slavery in the Torritoues,
while the same men now made a refusal of it by Congress
a pretext for breaking up the Government. Mr. Uonter
wilted down under this excoiiation"—
Now, I do not think Mr. Hunter, was in the
Senate at all—
"and General Lane writhed as if seated on a hot giid-
iron"—
I thought the General took it rather cool—
"The crowded galleries weic delighted, and tin- Senate
enjoyed the exhibition vastly. Mi. Mason tiamped Uie
flour like a caged bear." [Laughter.]
This is rich. This account goes to the public
as the manner in which that .speech was received
for the last two days. So be it.
One word more, and I shall conclude; and pos-
sibly I had as well not say that; but it occurs to
me, and I will. The Senator from Tennessee
charges that the people have not done this thing,
but the politicians have controlled it; and he says
we are influenced by ambitious motives. Who
is it that he alludes to ? That is certainly not the
motive that influences me; for, among all the mul-
titude of candidates for the Presidency, 1 do not
think I have ever seen myself spoken of once. I
desire nothing more than the place I have, so far
as any honors arc concerned. J have never changed
my policy, f came here with the views I now
have, and I have continued to hold them; and I
shall continue while I live to entertain the opin-
ions I now do, piecisely, as to political matters.
I do not know whether 1 ought nut to be grateful
even for that blessing. It is said of old John
Bunyan—he lived. I believe, somewhere between
Tyburn and the Fleet prison—that he was in the
habit of sitting with a Bible in his lap, and af the
curts containing* convicts with ropes? upon their
necks, sitting on their coffins, to be hanged, would
pass by, he would look up and say to hiuiseif,
" But tor the grace of God, John Bunyan might
have been in his place." [Laughter.] When I
have looked around here at some of the persons
who have been candidates, and electioneering can-
didates, as if they were running for constables of
beats of different cities, I have frequently thought
to myself, but for the grace of Croil, I might have
been a candidate for the Presidency. [Laughter.]
The thing has actually got to be disreputable.
The framersof the Constitution, intending tiiat
there should be some decency and dignity about
that office, removed it utterly, as they supposed,
beyond the possible reach of popular elections.
They were not Democrats, I suppose. They pro-
vided that electors should be chosen in each State,
in such manner as the State Legislature might pre-
scribe. All the debates, and the history of the
country, show that they expected that the Legis-
latures would elect those electors themselves, or
give to the people the right of electing them, and
that men of known probity, of wisdom, of patri-
otism, would be selected as electors, and that
ihey,acting upon their own judgment, would,on
a day specified, without anybody's knowingpre-
viously how they were going to vote, exercise
their own judgment, and cast the vote of their
State. That was the principle which was adopted
in the Constitution, just as you appoint, during
good behavior, a man to preside over your Su-
preme Court, with no assurance how he is going
to decide cases. You select a man for his great
wisdom, and his great purity, and his accurate
knowledge of the law, and. you trust to his dis-
cretion to dccide all questions of meum and tuum
between man and man. So it was intended that
the people, or the LegislatureofeachState,acting
in such manner as the Legislature should pre-
scribe, would vote for the requisite number of the
ablest and purest and most patriotic men, with-
out asking any questions, and that those men
would meet together at the scat of government of
their State, and cast their own vote in their own
way,-for the good of the country.
Parity caucuses have broken that up; first, con-
grcssionaljftucuses,and then these popular Demo-
cratic anoWv hig conventions, and finally the tiling
has got down so low that men come out " upon
their own hook," to use a vulgar phrase, run for
the Presidency, and stump the country. Why,
sir, I suppose if there was any prospect of my
being ever clccted, or even if I thought of it,l
would speak with less hesitation about it; but be-
fore high heaven, as the matter has now got—I
can speak of it with reference tn myself because
everybody knows that 1 am not in the safe lineof
promotion—but as things are going and if this
Union were to be preserved, I would rather my
individual self be the keeper of a miserable rail-
road tavern, which is by far the meanest of all tav-
erns that I have overseen, and deal out uncooked
bread and fried meat at twenty-five cents per pas-
senger before sunrise in the morning, accompanied
with Rio coffee, with brown sugar, and without
nuik, than to sit in that presidential chair [laugh-
ter] to dispense the offices that are sought here by
a set of dishonest, tiailicking, trading politicians,
who, at the expiration of every four years iloek
to this place to chum as a right, as a thing they
are entitled to, for services rendered to the party,
the offices of tins country, ft is a most humil-
iating thing. If there was nothing eke exempt the
last political canvass that we have gone through
to cause the States that are yet inhabited by a
decent population to secede, that would be a suf-
ficient ground for disrupting the Union. [Laugh-
ter.] This last presidcntiafelection, if I felt my-
self called upon for a leason, which i do not, for
disruptingthe Union, would be agoodenuugh one,
and i would give that.
The Senator from Tennessee, however, says
we ore influenced by the desire to get office, and
he of course is not. Now, does the Senator from
Tennessee suppose that everybody is blind but
himself? Docs he suppose that there is a man
living south of Mason and Dixon's line who does
not see what he is after? For years past he has
been doing everything he could m order to ingra-
tiate himself with and make himself acceptable to
the very worst class of the northern populace. The
homestead bill, and other things of that sort, have
i been the measures that he has been devoting him-
self to, and he has acquired some degree of popu-
larity with thatclass. He has said he would rather
be a Black Republican than a Red Republican.
Well, we are told in Holy Writthataman looketh
in a glass and straightway forgetteth what man-
ner of man he is. The idea that he should have
suspected that he is not a Red Republican, that
he has not always been a Red Republican, a sans
culotte of the purest stamp, would be a matter of
amazement to me were u not, as I said, that wo
are told that a man looketh in a glass and straight-
way forgetteth what manner of man he is. Red
Republicanism! Why, sir, there is nothing, I
believe, but the vilest Democracy and the reddest
Red Republicanism that he has ever advocated
here. He has not the slightest conception of the
form of Government under which we are living;
of the institutions which were established by the
fathers, of a republican form of Government,
in which, while the people possess all powers,
they exercise none by themselves, but only
through their representatives. They pass their
lawsthrough representatives; they construe their
laws through representatives; and they execute
their lawsthrough representatives. That was the
idea of the operation of government that our an-
cestors acted upon.
Our republican, representative form ofgovern-
ment was not adopted as a pis allei', as something
that was bad in itself, only not quite so bad as
something else. It was not a substitute for the
market-place democracy offormer times,because
that was impracticable; but it was, that the peo-
ple themselves ought not to exercise directly their
power. That is it: that it is safer that a man should
be selected competent to construe the law, and be
paid a salary as judge to construe the law; that it
is safer and better for the great mass of the com-
munity, than that the people should meet together
in popular assembly and decide the law of the
case; that it is better that representatives should
be selected to hold their terms of office for a cer-
tain period and pass laws; far better that they
should do it in that way, than that the people en
masse should meet and pass their own laws; far
better that men should he selected as Governors
and shenfls and constables to execute the laws,
than for the people to turn out en masse and exe-
cute them.
Representative republicanism the Senator from
Tennessee seems not to have the slightest con-
ception of. He would ha\e your laws made, ho
would have them construed, and he would have
them enforced by the people. Social equality is
all that he goes for. He undertook to read yes-
terday about South Carolina,and denounced that
people for being in favor of a monarchical foim
of government. Well, sir, the charge was not
time. Theie were two hundred and twelve men
in Charleston who did, without doubt, sign a pe-
tition that was very loyal, but. when he read it, I
thought his cheeks ought to burn at what was
then uttered againstwhiggery—against that party
that was fighting for the right; that party that,
with ropes around their necks, were contending
against prerogative and power; that party that
was firing at the flag which they had often fought
under. Those old Wings,born British subjects,
with British blood m their veins, pioud of their
language, proud of their ancestry, having gone
to battle time and again under that glorious old
Union jack, having carried that flag when they
went to rescue the sepulcher from pagan rule and
possession—those men, in defense of liberty and
the right of self-government, took up arms and
fired at the flag under which they hail fought.
I do not know that he desecrated the name of
Washington yesterday; but whether he did or
not, he spoke certainly of the flag. What flag
waved over the gallant young Virginia iang<-r at
Braddock's fatal defeat? It was tlure that ho
fought under the British banner. But when Vir-
ginia asserted her right to self-government, that
gallant ranger left the flag of his country, the flag
under which he had lived, under which his an-
cestors had lived; the flag that they had fought
under in England, that they had fought under on
the continent of Europe; the flas: that had been
broughtwith them into theNcw World. That flag
he did not desert; for he took up arms under the
State of Virginia, to which he had sworn alle-
giance; and he fought against and fired at that
flag that he, and those that had gone before him,
and from whom he had derived his descent, had
for centuries and centuries fought for. Now, in
South Carolina the great body of the people were
Whigs,theslaveholdersand the non-slaveholdeis.
There were Tories there. Where is it that there
were not? But when Chailcston was invested,
there was a talk of surrender. I could read on
the subject,but 1 will not. The reputation of that
State needs no defense; her character needs no
defense. But when the Senator read that loyal
address of those two hundred and ten Tories, de-
nouncing the Whigs, it occurred to me that there
was a passage or two in it which he would have
felt the force of:
11 And we look back with the most painful r \fcret on those
convulsions that gave existence to a power of s-ubveiting
a Constitution lor which we always had, and ever Miall
ictfim, the most profound venoiatron, and substituting hi
its stead aiank demociaey, which, howevei caicluHv di-
gested m theory, on being reduced into ptactice,has exhib-
ited a system of tyrannic domination only m he found
nmori<r the uncivilized pan of mankind, m jn the history of
the dark and barbaious ages of mankind."
These charges against the Whigs are just, what
he brings now against the fire-eaters, as he calls
them. The position that he now occupies is just
that position which the Tories of 1776 occupied.
Ignoring everything except the mere existing
Government, not looking to the manner in which
