206
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 8,
86tii Cong.,..2d Sess.
State of the Union—Mr. Smith.
Ho. oi? Reps.
her. There remains an interval in which those !
who hold in their hands the destinies of the Re-
public may tender some reasonable guarantee and
compromise, under which she may remain in the
Confederacy, secure still in the possession of all
her just rights.
Politicians within her borders have not appealed
to a disloyal sentiment among her people. It has
never been prudent to do so. And standing as
she now does, by the side of the very State which
first moved in the great drama of revolution, she
maintains calmly her own steadfast position,
strong in her attachment to the Union, and firm
m her purpose to maintain inviolate all her own
constitutional rights within it, if they can be. She
has already, through her Legislature, pointed out
•hose remedial measures she deems material to
trrest the progress of disunion.
Early in the present session one of the few re-
mainirtg statesmen of the age which ln\s passed,
yet lingering awhile in the Senate,'offered, in a
spirit or conciliation, a plan of adjustment for our
national dissensions. Later still, not discouraged
at their unkind reception, he asks that his prop-
ositions may be submitted to the popular vote,
that a response may come, not from politicians
here, but from that mighty power behind, which
will ultimately dispose of this and all other issues.
The propositions came from a just and patriotic
heart; from one soon to retire from the public
service with the honors of a long life devoted to
his country's good, and the affections of a grate-
ful people; and whose retirement, during his re-
maining years, I fervently trust may be blessed
with the memory of successful efforts to preserve
the peace of that country and restore harmony to
its distracted parts!
Shall there be hesitancy anions us in goinj:
with him to the common altar, and pledging out-
united support to plan so full of promise for the
preservaiion and perpetuity of the Union? The
men of this day and generation, who put them-
selves in the way of the accomplishment of the
patriotic object of the Senator from Kentucky,
may have a fearful reckoning to make for results
growing out of their persistent opposition.
And now, what does this plan propose? I shall
not enter into an examination of its other parts,
but confine myself to that which disposes of the
territorial question, in which lies the chief obstacle
to a compromise.
It must be remembered that, by the decision of
the Supreme Court of the United States in the
Drcd Scott case, and admitted by the President
elect himself, citizens of all the States, with their
slaves and other property, have (he right to enter
upon any part of the public domain, and purchase
and possess the same, according to the laws of the
land.
.The proposition is, that the South shall secure a
recognition of this right under a common Consti-
tution and Government, as declared by the court,
to so much of the territory as lies south of the
Missouri line, on the terms that the ingress of
slavery upon territory north of it shall be pro-
hibited. it is, in substance, to make partition
between contending sections, whereby the INfmth
will have more than three fourths, and the South
the i csidue of the entire territory now held by the
General Government.
To insure greater accuracy, t submit a tabular
statement, furnished an honorable Senator from
Kentucky, by the Commissioner of the General
Laud Office:
Statement of the surface of each 7\'.rr!tOTy in the. Uniltd
States, shov ia« the part north awl the pait south of the
parulleloj 3()° JU' noith latitude.
Territory.
Whole
suil.ice.
Noith | South
ot pninllcl • of parallel
3b° 30'. | 30° 30 .
Kansas 
Nebraska 
Minnesota 
Washington 
New Mexico 
Indian 
Sq. nn'cs.
126,2 63
342.438
81,960
193.071
'256.309
220,190
67,0-20
Sq. miles
) 26.2*3
:m'MS
81.900
193,071
40,(5-29
220. LOG
16,730
Sg. miles.
2Lk6HU
50,290
1,287,277
1,0-21,397
205.970
In this settlement, we simply ask that agitation
may cease. We propose that an acknowledged
right of emigration to the entire public domain
may be conceded by all political parties to a frac-
tional part. We do not seek to exclude any of
the population of the northern States from a joint
occupancy of the portion open to emigration from
those which are slaveholdmg. The whole is open
to the North; a very large part exclusively so.
Mr. CAREY. 1 desire to ask the gentleman
a question. I desire to know if, by the decision
of the couit, you have all you can expect by the
compromise, what is the necessity of that com-
promise ?
Mr. SMITH, of North Carolina. The gentle-
man will allow me to ask him one question in i
reply. Will he carry thatdecision of the Supreme j
Court bona fide into execution ? Will the North 1
do that? ;
Mr. CAREY. I have no disposition to resist ;
the decision of any constituted judicial tribunal, j
Mr. SMITH, of North Carolina. I desire to !
know whether the gentleman leeognizes the right
of the slaveholder to protection of his property
accoiding to the decision of the court? ■
Mr. CAREY. Whenever ijiat decision is made, 1
we shall certainly acquiesce in it.
Mr. SMITH, of North Carolina. Now, to
satisfy the gentleman, 1 will show that Mr. Lin-
coln admits thru that decision has been made.
Mr. CAREY. I will relieve the gentleman
from the necessity of doing that. I know the i
decision has been claimed; but that particulai j
point was not in issue, and it was never argued |
before the court. That was a side decision of the ;
court. j
Mr.-SIMMS. I would like to ask the gentle- 1
man a question. I understand that the gentleman
denies that the Siipieme Court of the United States,
m the Dred Scott case, has decided the question
that a citizen of a southern Stan1 is entitled to the
protection of the Government for his slave prop-
erty in the Territories of the United States, be-
cause, he says, that question was not befoie the
court. I would ask the gentleman, if that ques-
tion is made distinctly before the court, and the
Supreme Court shall decide that the slaveholder
in the United States is entitled to go into the Ter-
ritories with his slave property, and to have it
pl-otected by a law of Congress, if necessary, will
he carry that decision into execution by voting
for a law to protect that property?
Mr. CAREY. 1 deny that Congress has any
power to pass a law to regulate property in any
State or Territory.
Mr. SICKLES. Suppose the court decides that
it has ?
Mr. CAREY. When that decision is made, I
will agree to it.
Mr. SMITH, of North Carolina. That there
may be no misapprehension of what the court has
decided, I beg to refer to the head notes of the case
to which reference is made:
<• ftvoiy citi/.en lias a right to take with him into the ter-
ritory any article ot piopeity winch the Constitution ot the
United Ht.Ue-. ret oiftii/.o as piopeity.
u The Constitution oi the (fnited States recognizes slaves
a* propei ty, and pledges the Kedeial Government to protect
it. And Cnnmu.sj cannot exercise any more authority over
piopeity ot* that description than it may eon ututionall>
j exeiene over paucity ot any other kind,"
1 Again, in a speech made in New York, Feb-
j ruary 27,1860, by the President elect, he uses this
| l.uigunge:
! "Perhaps you will say the Supreme <'ourt has decided
j the disputed point m \oui favor. Not <,uite >o. But.uaiv-
; iiitr the lawyers distinction between dictum and decision,
j the comts ha\e det uled the <jm suou fm jmimasoit oi
. w.u. The eourl> have substantially j-.ud : it n your con-
j shtutionul i i«lit to take slaves into the Feduial Tenltones,
j and to hold them theie sw piopeitj."
Now, I would be very glad to know from my
friend from Ohio whether he is willing, in good
faith, and m loyalty to that tribunal which is
charged with the express duty, under the Consti-
tution, to decide constitutional questions, and
questions arising under laws passed by the Con-
gress of the United States, to give us the rights
which such decisions secure ?
Mr. CAREY. I certainly will. There is one
question which I wish to be distinctly undei stood
upon; and that is, that I never can recognize that
human .beings are property. If they have the
right to take, their slaves as property under the
Constitution, there is no question but that the
property must be protected by the authority which
protects other property or rights. But I say that
question has not been decided by any court of
the United Sta<< s that I know of.
Mr. SICKLES. 1 would ask the gentleman if
that question is not decided by the Constitution
of the United States, in that clause which requires
direct taxation to be imposed ?
Mr. CAREY. 1 know that, in the Constitu-
tion, slaves are called persons; and they are rep-
resented as persons.
Mr. SICKLES. Suppose, under the Consti-
tution, direct taxes are imposed: would slaves be
regarded as persons or property ?
Mr. CAREY. I cannot answer questions put
by so many persons.
Mi. SMITH, of North Carolina. I must re-
sume my argument. Mr. Speaker, the gieatenor
of gentle-men upon the other side is pioduced by
supposing that there is an incompatibility between
persons and property. Slaves may be persons,
and they may be property. Our slaves are rec-
ognized as pet sons when they are counted as part
of the population upon which representation is
based; as property when they are required to be
surrendered by the States into which they escape
when fleeing from the owner's service. Let me
illustrate this point by a short quotation from the
argument of Mr. Curtis, in the case already re-
ferred to:
kC It cannot be denied that the general piinciples of inter-
national iaw arc broad enough to cover this CJr-e. Slaves
aic looked upon m all codes intwo lights, as t>e)sonsaiul'as
])i ojjcrii/."'
They are, then, both persons and property.
They are not meic chattels, but also moral and
responsible beings; and the use of such a tei m in
describing them, which apparently denies them
such attributes, and has doubtlessly produced
much unfounded prejudice at the jfrorth, only
proves a total misunderstanding of the nature of
the relations of tnasterand slave. Slaves are pun-
\ ishable for the crimes they commit. The master
has only such contt ol o\ei the person of Ins slaves
as is necessary for the purpose of securing the full
enjoyment of his services. They are regarded as
persons within the protection of the laws which
are thiown as safeguaidsaround human life. But
they aie at the same time in subjection to others
to whom their labor belongs. There is no incom-
patibility between the two. Obedience and pro-
tection are their correlative duties and rights.
I have already said that the, Crittenden propo-"
sition only offers us a part of the public territory
—less than one fourth of the whole—upon the
conditions and terms on which we are now at
liberty to occupy and enjoy every acre of it.
Why, then, it has been asked, do we desire lim-
itations upon lights we already possess? and
why do we require any constitutional change in
reference to the Territories ? The answer is ob-
vious. It is for the purpose of having quiet and
repose; it is that we may come to a common un-
derstanding of our respective rights and duties;
that hereafter slavery may cease to be, as for the
first thirty years of the Republic it was not, a
subject of political agitation. This is what the
South secures, and in securing so much, she sui-
lenders to the exclusive occupany and control of
northern labor; more than thiec fourths of the
public land. Is this an unreasonable request?
! Present it to any plain, fair-minded man; ask him
if. as the Noith (h-clarcs, free and slave labor can-
not associate togethei upon common territory,
without degrading the formei, theie can be any
injustice ni making such partition as will appro-
priate to each a pai t'
True, it may prove a barren right. We may be
unable to retain ultimately a single foot of slave-
holding territoiy. {Jut we shall have established
a principle of < quality of right, by which the pop-
ular mind will be quieted, and a fertile cause of
strife removed.. We may bring to a peaceful con-
clusion embittered controversies winch have im-
pelled us to the brink of national dissolution, and
restore among alienated States such relations of
amity and good will as bound them in haimony
ire the introduction of this element of sectional
