1861.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
20?
36tii Cong....2d Sbss.
State of the Union—Mr. Simms.
Ho. of Reps.
discord, at the? admission of Missouri into the
Union.
A woru or two moie,and I am done. Remarks
have been made upon this floor calculated to stir
up unnatural resentments in the hearts of the
people. A leader of the Republican party, t.hc
honorable gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Sherman,]
declares, if wc cannot adjust our difficulties, we
must fight. He and others insist that the forts
and other property of the United States in pos-
session of the seceding States must be reclaimed,
and that the Army and Navy, if need be, should
be used for their recovery. Although couched m
language most unexceptionable — executing the
laws and maintaining the Constitution—the prop-
osition conveys a meaning which cannot be mis-
understood by any one who seriously contem-
plates the practical and necessary consequences of
the policy of coercion. It leads directly to inter-
nal, general war. It means that the people of the
United States shall stand hereafter, face to face,
not as now, representatively m these Halls of
legislation, to deliberate upon grave matters of
common concern, but in armed array, to settle
elsewhere disputes which should admit of peace*
ful solution here. Let mc warn those into whose
hands the Federal authority will soon pass against
forcing the issue to such extremity. Far better,
if sepaiafion and division must come, and the
Status cannot remain in Union longer, that they
part m amity and peace.
I rejoice that there are at the North gallant and
true men, still willing to stand by the constitutional
rights of every section. x cannot omit mention
of one, a young and gifted Senator, brave on other
fields, but with higher moral courage on that arena
of his well-won fame, who earliest among the
fnends of conciliation lifts his voice, in wordy of
solemn remonstrance e gainst a rash and fatal pol-
icy, that pursued, would light throughout (In-
land the flames of fratricidal strife. May his elo-
quent appeal, ere it be too late, meet an answering
echo from his countrymen, which shall rescue the
nation from the only greater calamity than disu-
nion—civil war, with its tram of unutterable woes
and sorrows.
Hut, i turn to more cheering signs, whose light
breaks through the over-hanging daikness. The
North seems awakening to a sense of the impend-
ing peril. Deputations of her ablest and best men
an1 bringing to our dnois the collected wiil of the
people, demanding of their representatives the
prompt settlement of the question. Two hundred
and fifty thousand voices have spoken, command-
ing the adoption of the Crittenden plan, or some
other substantially its equivalent. Shall we ac-
cept these tokens as evidence of a returning sense
of what is due an uijuied suction ? Will the Nouh
agree to that adjustment5 I desire not to look
beyond the failure of all attempts to compromise.
The South expects, and anxiously awaits, the
response to the offering of the Senator from Ken-
tucky. Adopt it, and the shadows will flee from
the political firmament. Again, 1 believe, we shall
see every star blazing in its original brightness
upon the nation's banner. Then, we may even
hope, that prostrate old oak, lying at the root of
the young palmetto over our heads, may be no
longer the emblem of a subverted and bioken
Union; and in the returning brotherhood of our
early days, we shall find ficsh assurances for the
pcipetuity of institutions, the birth-right of this
and the inheritance of succeeding generations.
Those will have done much to deserve the regards
of posterity who, by word or act, may do aught
toaccommodate cxisungdifferencesand reawaken
those feelings which animated our soldiers when
they stood 111 serried ranks upon the fields of the
Revolution in defense of American libeity,and
our fatheis when they afteiwards met in council
to secure and establish it.
One noble life was sacrificed for the compro-
mises of 1850.* It is embalmed in the memory of
a grateful people. "And what is life worth; what
all the honors, emoluments, and offices which
men can bestow, when contrasted with the high
and noble service of saving the liberties, the rights,
a-nd interests of a whole nation of freemen, and of
preserving and perpetuating the only form of free
government that now mspites the hopes and glad-
dens the hearts of oppressed humanity through-
out the world. God speed its consummation '
STATI1 Ot'1 THE UNION.
SPEECH OF HON. WM. E. SIMMS,
OF KENTUCKY,
In the House of Representatives,
February 9, 1861.
The House having under consideration the report from
the select committee oi"thirty-three—
Mr. SIMMS said:
Mr. Speaker: The history of the world fur-
nishes but few instances where men, exercising
high public trusts, have turned from the seduc-
tions of power and place, and subordinated to the
public good every selfish ambition.
There have been such instances, sir; and when-
ever and wherever this noblest of public virtues
has been displayed, the historian has recorded the
act; and that act itself was immortality. Time
and revolution may work the disruption and over-
throw of empires, effacing them from the map of
nations; but neither time nor revolution can impair
the imperishable deeds of patriotism that will ever
cluster around their history. While wc may thus
be encouraged to act upon this occasion by the
example of the good and great of every age and
country, let us not forget that, even among men,
ingratitude has ever been esteemed the most un-
pardonable of all moral wrongs. No society has
ever undertaken to prescribe penalties for this
offense. Its punishment has been fixed in the
universal execration of all mankind.
If such, sir, be the character oT " man's ingrati-
tude to man," what must be the moral turpitude
of this offense when it lises to the dignity of a
nation's guilt, not only towards all mankind but
against high Heaven itself! From the day, sir,
your fathers and mine left the shoies of the Old
World, severing the ties of kindred, and looking
for the last time upon the land thnfc gave them
bit tli, a kind and ever-watchful Providence seems
to have held not only then destiny, but also that
of their children after them, in the very hollow
of His hand. From a few wandering exiles in this
then western wilderness, menaced by dangers
within and without, seeking fo lay the founda-
tions of a Government upon the etei nal principles
of justice and equality, in a few short years we
have, as if by magic, spiung forward in the very
front rank of the nations of the earth. Over this
vast continent wo could cast our eyes, and calcu-
late at no distant period whey its every river and
sea would become the channels of our trade and
commerce; when its every hill and valley would
bear the impress of our civilization, and echo to
the sound of our industry; and thus standing, sir,
wilh the eyes of the world upon us, with tin; im-
pulses of eveiy generous heart with us, with the
glories of the past around us, and the hopes of
the future before us, we are now about to dash
this bright vision to the earth, insult with ingrat-
itude the God of our fathers, and sink all that is
ours, and ail that might be ours, in the mournful
rums of a dismembered nationality. Nor, sir, is
this enough. Tht blackest ciime in the annals
of human guilt must yet be added to make com-
plete tins last sad chapter in our history. War,
si., civil war, with all its untold horrors, must
close the scene. Sir, the time will comc when
the events of this day will rise up in judgment
against the guilty of this hour.
And, sir, standing in the very presence of events
so momentous as these, what has been the con-
duct of the dominant party upon this floor? Sir,
I charge, in the presence of this House, and I defy
contiadiction, that there has not been a day, nor
an hour, since tiiis Congress met, when u was
not within the power of the Republican party to
have reached forth their hand and saved the Re-
public. And yet, with the very destiny of the
nation in their hands,and a responsibility so high,
so sacred, resting upon them, they have closed
their ears to every appeal of justice, have spit
upon every proposition of peace and conciliation,
have seen the Union crumble to pieces at their
very feet, and heard its very heart-sti mgs break,
one by one; and now, at this very moment, stand-
ing as they do upon the ruins of a dismembered
Government, they meet the discontents of the
land onlv with tin. threats of power and slaughter.
And for this strange and unnatural conduct, what
plea of justification has been made? This, sir,
and this only: "The Chicago platform must be
maintained." Party allegiance is thus made of
higher obligation than a love of country. The
Constitution is nothing; the Union is notning; all
must be offered up upon the altar of party. Sir,
shall the destiny of this Government turn upon
the mere cast of a party die? Shall it be raffled
away ?
What is party or party power? Wc are here,
to-day, fretting ofct a brief existence, and strutting
upon the stage of life; to-morrow we may be
" food for worms," when " two paces of the vilest
earth" will be room enough. But our actions—
these will live after us, and prove to the world
whether we ever deserved to live at all, and whether
we have not been more of a curse than a blessing*
iir-our age and generation. Sir, is this Chicago
platform to be maintained, because it embodies
the very essence of the Constitution and the
very principles upon which the Government was
founded ? Sir, I charge that the leading and vital
principle of that platform is in direct violation of
the Constitution, and that that principle, in its
application to the public policy of this country,
has worked the disruption of the Government.
It asserts the power, coupled with the duty, on
the part of the national Congress, to exclude sla-
very from every inch of the common Territories
of the United States. Congress has no such power,
and that question has been determined by the high-
est judicial tribunal known to this Government.
Here is the decision of the Supreme Court, ren-
dered in theDred Scott case, upon this very point.
Referring to the act of Congress prohibiting sla-
very north of the line of 36° 30', known as the
Missouri restriction, the court said:
" Upon these considerations, it is* the opinion of the court
thai the act of Copgiess whieli prohibited a citizen from
holdin&r/ind owning propelty of ihis kind [*lavc ptopeity}
in the Temtoiies ot the United State* north oi the line
therein mentioned, is not wa  ranted by the Constitution,
and w therojoie coid."
The people of the southern States, in insisting
upon their right to enter with their slave prop-
erty the common Teiritorics of the United States,
and in protesting against this principle in your
party platform that would exclude them, have
asked and demanded nothing that is not guaran-
tied to them by the Constitution. Can this Union
be maintained by violating the Constitution ? Did
not the Constitution form the Union ? Can there
bcanyUnion when the Constitution is destroyed?
The Republican party insist upon a palpable vio-
lation of the Constitution, and yet claim to be the
friends and defenders of the Union. They have
worked a disruption of the Government, and now
propose to use the Army and Navy wf the United
States to murder and butcher others for the wrong
and injustice they themselves have done. Of all
the crimes, sir, that have ever been perpetrated in
the name of liberty and law, this is the most un-
blushing. Upon their heads rests alone the re-
sponsibility of overthrowing the Republic; and
history, impartial history, will so record it.
But, sir, to waive the constitutional right of the
South in this controversy, and rest the whole
question upon the piinciples of eternal justice,
as between man and man, end man and God,
what higher right have you of the North to enter
the common Territories of the Union with your
property than the people of the South'1 Was it
alone acquired by your blood and treasure? No,
sir. Have you exclusive privileges, as American
citizens, under the Constitution ? No, sir. From
what source of power, then, do yon derive this
exclusive right? From the Constitution? No,
sir. You claim it alone from the source of sec-
tional popular powei, in direct violation of the
Constitution. Do you affect amazement that the
South should protest against this, and that dis-
content should fill the land' Is it the mere terri-
tory you demand, and the last dollar of us value
you seek? Then why notaccept the proposition of
adjustment submitted by Mr. Crittenden ? North
of 36°'10' there are one million six hundred thou-
sand squat c miles of territory, while south of it,
there aieonly two hundiedand se\enty thousand
square miles. Prom the most leliable < smnates in
the Department, the territory north of tins line is
worth twenty timet; as much its that south of the
line. You thus get ,by this division, nineteen out of
every twenty dollars of its aggregate value m
