208:
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 9,
36th Cong. . i. 2d Sess.
State of the Union—Mr. Simms.
Ho. oi? Reps.
money; and five out of every six acres of its actual
area, toes you r sense of justice demand more than
this r You will .scarcely have the courage to look
an honest man in the face, and demand more.
"Why, then,reject the proposition? You reply that
the Crittenden proposition proposes to recognize
and protect slavery south of theline; that, in this
respect, it proposes to incorporate the principles
of the Breckinridge platform, to thatextent,in the
Constitution; and rather than submit to that you
will overthrow the Government. *
The proposition of Mr. Crittenpem proposes
to incorporate the principles of no party platform
in the Constitution south of that line. It only
proposes to incorporate, m terms more clear and
distinct, the principles of the Constitution itself
as H now exists, and as they have been determ-
ined and expounded by the Supreme Court of
the United States. As a set-off to this, does it
not also propose to incorporate the principles of
the Chicago platform in the Constitution, north
of that line, so far as the exclusion of slavery
from that territory is concerned? Is it unreason-
able, m an adjustment of dtiheultios upon which
hinges the very destiny of the Republic between
the contending sections, that the yn inciplcs of the
Constitution, as now expounded by the courts,
should be clearly defined in relation to the teui-
tory south of that line; when, by this same prop-
osition, a new principle, in direct violation of the
Constitution as now expounded, is to be incor-
porated in the Constitution for the government of
five sixths of the whole teiritory of the United
States north of that line? By the principles of
this proposed adjustment, the South gams noth-
ing except a mere definition of their rights to one
sixth of the territory which exists to-day in the
whole public domain under the Constitution, with-
out amendment; while the North gains the estab-
lishment of a new principle for their exclusive
benefHinfive sixths of the whole territoiy, where
to-day that exclusive right does not exist under
the Constitution unamended nione single inch of
it. This proposition can have in it but one fea-
ture to commend it to the approval of the South,
and that is tins: it proposes an everlasting set-
tlement of this long-couteMed issue between the
North and the South; it pi opo.ses peace, now and
forever,* upon this vexed question.
In that spirit alone have We signified a willing-
ness to accept it. l>y n, we are surrendering our
rights of equality m live sixths of the whole pub-
lic domain, in order that we may have quiet and
repose in that barren region wlych may remain
to us. And, sir, will this proposition be accepted
by the North? We have yet to see the first evi-
dence of thatxharae.ter upon this ilooi. And why;
Mr. STANTON. 1 would reply, that slave-
holding civilization is not a desirable form of civ-
ilization; thut it ought not to be extended; and I
will not force it upon any people agamst their
will. If the people of any portion of these Uni-
ted States, few or many, m any Territory, do not
desire the establishment of slavery among them,
I will never vole to impose itupon them. Again,
I would not vote for the Crittenden proposition,
because it includes within it all futtue acquisi-
tions: that is, the whole Republic of Mexico, and
Sout h America, peihaps; and, through its msiru-
mentahty, Mm sluveholding power ot the Confed-
eracy would ultimately control the Government.
Mr SIMMS. Would you vote for the Cut-
tendon pioposition with the clause in leiercnceto
future acquisitions stricken out'
Mr, JSTAiSTON. 1 have answered that prop-
osition already. 1 would not. If slavery is es-
tablished m the Territory of New Mexico and
Aitzona, all future acquisitions, whether then
stains is tixed now or not, will follow the condi-
tion of the contiguous territory; so that it you
now settle, by constitutional provision or by law,
that those Territo; ics shall be slaveholdmg Tei-
ritoiics, you piacticully establish the piopositmn
that all lutme acquisitions, attached and contig-
uous to them, shall be slaveholding Territories
and States.
Mr. SIMMS. The distinguished gentleman
from Ohio has answered my question just as 1
e> peeled. It is hostility to the institution of sla-
veiy. He has answered it as his colleague who
has jubt uddie^scd this House would have an-
swered it; and to know how he vvoind have an-
swered it, it is enough to say that he beat Joshua
R. Giddmgs for Congress, upon the giound that
he (Giddings) was not sound upon the abolition
question. Who, sir, ever desired to force sla-
very upon an unwilling people? If we of the
South should assume that position, we would be
as radically wrong as the Republicans, who now
insist that we shall not have slavery when we
want it in the common Territories.
The gentleman's other objections land him ex-
actly where he was at the beginning, dead against
every proposition of adjustment that does not
amount to a total exclusion of slavery from every
inch of territory now belonging to the United
States. It will be remembered, too, that the gen-
tleman is one of the most conservative members
of his party upon this floor.
In his speech, delivered a few days since, he
denied, as I understood him, that there could be
any such thing as property in man.
Mr. STANTON. I hope the gentleman will
not pass from this point m the discussion, in ref-
erence to the position taken by me in a former
speech, without permitting me to conect him.
Mr. SIMMS. Have I mistaken your position?
Mr. STANTONr Certainly.
Mr. SIMMS. Then you shall corrcct me.
Mr. STANTON. I certainly never intended
to be understood, and I never said, that slaves"
were not property m the States, by virtue of whose
laws and usages they were recognized as slaves.
I did say that, according to my construction of the
Constitution, it diel not recognize slavery beyond
the territorial limits of the States by virtue of
whose laws and usages slavery was established.
That is my position.
Mr. SIMMS. You do not now say that there
can be such a thing as property in man, even
in the States where slavery exists; you only say
that, in your judgment, the Constitution does
not recognize, such property beyond the limits of
the State tolerating it.. You and the Supreme
Court difl'er upon this "point, materially; and as
you and your party are, at this time, very anx-
ious to enforce the laws, even to the extermination
I of the people uf the seceding .States, I call upon
you to icgard the obligation of this law, that will
i>e less bloodless, if not less painful, to your con-
science in its requirements. Here is the law, as
expounded by the Supreme Court; not a law
passed by Congiess, but the law of the Constitu-
tion you have swoiy to support:
li "Now.a^ \vp have aheady said, in an father part of this
opinion, upon a diliVacnt point, the i>uhtol piopeuy ma
s-I:ivn diftnitMly and evpiewiy iUlmned in the (\m-litii-
Uon. Aiut no woid can he tound in the ('ojwtKniion winch
<;j\ e«-Oon:.rH'^ a gieufei power o vet slave propcrfv,oi which
entities piopertv ot thai kind to le-s ptolection than piop-
eitj of any other devolution/'
This, sir, is the language of the Supreme Com t,
declaring that the light of property in slaves is
distinctly and expressly affirmed in the Constitu-
tion. 1 have already shown that the Court de-
clared the Missouri restnctton unconstitutional,
because it excluded slavery from any part of the
Temtoncs of the United State,*?. This, i should
i hi nk, would settle this pom i. Will the gen tie man,
then, eulot <,e this law ? No, sir; he and his party,
when it com* s to enforcing laws recognizing and
protecting the rights of the people of the South in
the common Temtoncs, immediately fall back
upon their allegiance to that " higher law than the
Constitution,*' which means piactically that all
laws and constitutional provisions in favor of the
rights of the people of the South are void, accord-
ing to their consciences, and .shall notthereforo be
enforced. Their idea of enfoieing the laws is,
thai all th.it opeuite agannst the South shall be
enfoix t d, even if it hangs the last man of them;
while all that operate in their favor shall be omit-
ted in the enforcing list.
Hut again: if the Constitution does not recog-
i; nize propelfy in slaves beyond the limits of the
slave States, why did the Government of the Uni-
ted States undertake to protect this species of
i' property for twenty years upon the highseas,
j| after it was organized by an express provision of
the Constitution guarantying the African slave
trader Why ina,ei t the clause in the Constitution
requu ing fugitiV's from s>u vie.; to be returned by
ii the non-slavehoiding States: If the position of
'i the gentleman he true, the moment a slave places
li his foot upon the soil of Ohiot the right of prop-
erty vested by the local law of Kentucky ceases.
If the Constitution of the United States docs not
recognize his right of property, the laws of Ohio
certainly do not. The laws of Kentucky do not
operate m Ohio; under what law or principle can
he be reclaimed ? This position of the gentleman
brings the Canada shores to the borders of the
Ohio river.
Mr. STEVENSON. I would ask the gentleman
from Ohio, as a lawyer, how it is that the Gov-
ernment of the United States has made reclama-
tion upon foreign Governments for slaves seized
upon the high seas?
Mr. STAUNTON. I do not know the cases to
which the gentleman refers, or the treaties under
which the reclamations were made; but I can easi-
ly understand that the Federal Government might
very well, by treaty stipulations, provide com-
pensation for the rights created by State laws,
without making any constitutional recognition of
the title beyond the limits of the State.
Mr. SIMMS. Mr. Speaker, it would be agree-
able to continue this running debate, as it is by
farthe most certain method ofarrivingatthe truth;
and that alone I seek in this discussion; as by it,
1 am willing that the South may stand or fall, not
only m the judgment of men, butbefore the great
tribunal of that unerring Judge, at whose bar we
must all at last appear. But there arc other vital
issues, to which 1 wish to refer within the time
allowed me by the rules of the House.
I will say, in conclusion upon this point for
the present, and I challenge contiadiction m this
House, that nine tenths of the Republican party
who have addressed this committee during this
discussion and during the last session of Con-
gress, have denied, unconditionally, that there
can be any such thing as property in man. This,
sir, is the position of the Republican party upon
this question, as declared by its representative
men upon this floor, aird in the other end of the
Capitol. This position strikes not only at the
question of slavery in the States, but wherever else
it may exist. If this proposition bt true, the ten-
ii)e by whi< h the people of the southern States
hold thoir $ 1,0QU,000,000 worth of slave property,
will dissolve that very moment when the courts of
this country are to be infected with this diseased
public sentiment.
Mr. Speaker, I now approach the main and
vital point involved m this contest—the point
upon which this whole matter must hinge now
and hereafter. And that point is this: Who are
responsible for the calamities that have befallen
the country ? Who have imperiled its peace and
duration ? Who, m the final account in history,
in the judgmentof men, and before high Heaven,
must incur the sentence of guilt?
Sir, whatever may have been the crimes of na-
tions or men, none have been so hardy or unblush-
ing as to admit their perpetration from an inherent
love of wrong and injustice; nor will this ever be
the case while conscience and virtue hold in their
hands the rod of remorse to whip us around the
woild. While I admit that, in most matters of
contioversy between men, all right is not on one
side, and all wrong on the other, yet I maintain,
in the main and vital issues as now existing be-
tween the different sections of the country, that
the present discontent in the minds of the people of
the South has been caused solely by the unjustifia-
ble attacks of the anti-slavery party of the North
upon their rights under this Government.
Sir, these causes of discontent have not existed
merely for a day or a year. They do not alone
ielate to the election of Mr. Lincoln, as his friends
allege. They have been accumulating and gath-
ering strength, and assuming moie dangerous and
alarming forms, with every advance m our his-
tory ;until at last, they have sapped the very foun-
dations of the Govei nmentand subverted the Con-
stitution. They consist of no one act, but of an
aggregation of acts. They exist jn the character,
history, object, and purpose of the anti-slavery
organization of the free States. They sprang from
religious bigotry, self-righteousness, fanaticism,
demagoguery, and a general desire on the part ot
. that pat ty to intermeddle with the affairs of others,
to the neglect of their own. They first revealed
themselves in this House more than foity years
ago. in the chaiacterof abolition petitions, pray-
ing that slavery might b.e abolished in this Dis-
