1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
793
ing; but ! know something of the duties con-
nected with the office.
Mr.NIBLACIC. As far as the chief clerk is
concerned, i beg to say that he is required to give
bonds; and heavy responsibilities are imposed
upon him under existing law.
Mr. COX. I shall take the action of the Com-
mittee on Patents, who I know have examined
this bill carefully. I think the bill ought not to
go by the board for the sake of a little economy.
It would look too much like the savings of can-
dle ends and cheese parings. The librarian has
to perform more duties than are apparent. He is
not simply the custodian of books. He has to
read proof of the Patent Office report—a long,
tedious labor. He has to translate from the mod-
em, sometimes from the ancient, languages. He
has to examine all the patent office reports of for-
eign countries whenever he is called upon to do
so by the exammeis. This requires great erudi-
tion, great patience. The librarian must be a
fine linguist, to perform his duty properly. He
has also charge of the interchange of national
books between Europe and this country. He has,
moreover, I believe, the indexing of the Patent
Office reports, and other reports connected with
the ofHcc. Besides these duties, he must give his
regular attendance, day by day, at the Patent
Office; and I know we are paying other clerks
more than $1,800 for services nothing like so im-
portant as those of the librarian of the Patent
Office.
Mr. CAREY. I hear precisely the same argu-
ments always used whenever it is proposed to
raise salaries. Nine tenths of the heads of bu-
reausof this Government leave almost their entire
business to be done by a clerk, and their ownduty
is nothing more than mere supervision. Yet you
continue to raise the compensation because the
business increases, but you also increase the num-
ber of clerks to three or four times the increase of
business. I know that in the last month a great
many more clerks have been employed mthc Pat-
ent Office than there has been employment for;
1 have this from the head of the department. Yet
we are talking about raising the compensation of
officers at a time when the Government is lying
at the mercy of stock-jobbcrs. Members talk very
differently here about raising the salaries of offi-
cers from the speeches thoy makes on the stump,
before their constituents. I want it to be under-
stood that I advocate the same principles and
measures here that 1 do to my own people. In
my judgment, the troubles of the country at this
very day arise, to a very great extent, irom the
struggles for office, m consequence of there being
so much money in them. I protest against ad-
vancing the pay of any officer one dollar.
Mr. NIBLACIC. I will say tu the gentleman
that the increase of salary is to come fiom the
Patent Office fund, and that not a dollar will come
out of the Treasury.
' Mr. CAIIEY. It makes not a bit of difference
from what fund it comes, the Government will
have to pay it.
Mr. NIBLACK. I call for the previous ques-
tion on the bill and amendments.
The previous question was seconded, and the
mam question ordered to be put.
The SPEAKER stated the first question to be
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from
Indiana, [Mr. Nibiack.]
Mr. PHELPS. Wilt the gentleman permit me
to offer an amendment?
Mr. NIBLACK. I cannot jeopard the bill by
yielding for further amendment.
Mr. PHELPS. 1 desire to inquire, then, if the
gentleman from Ohio did not ofTora.ii amendment
to strike out the provision for increasing sala-
lies ?
Mr. STANTON. I was not aware that it
would then be in order to offer an amendment. I
desire that such an amendment shall be adopted.
Mr. Niclack's amendment was agreed to.
The first amendment of the Committee on Pat-
ents was read, as follows:
f'tnke out of Foonou ten [winch fixes the fee? on appli-
cation foi patent-, &.c ] as toliows.
k- On every application foi a patent for a design, fifteen
dollars."
Mr. STANTON. For the purpose of enabling
me to move to stwke out the provision which m-
ueat-es the salaries of officers, 1 will move to
reconsider the vote by which the main question
was ordered. I hope the House will put the bill
in a position where it can be amended.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
will remember that the order of the House for the
main question has been only partially executed ;
until it has been fully executed the motion would
not be in order, as the Chair supposes.
Mr. STANTON. 1 suppose it would be of no
use to make the motion after the order has been
fully executed.
The amendment was agreed to
The second amendment of the committee was
read, as follows :
Add as a separate section, as follows :
Sec 2. uJ be it further enacted, That any citizen or
citizens, oi alien or aliens, having resided one year in the
United State*, and taken the oatii of his or their intention
to becomc a citizen, who, by his, her, or their own indus-
try, genius, effoits, and expense, may have invented or
pioduced any new and oiiginal design for a manufacture,
whether of metal or other material or material.-", or any
new and original design for the printing of woolen, silk,
cotton, or other fabrics, or any new and original design for
a bust, statue, or has relief, or composition in alto or basso
lclicvo, or any new and otiginal implosion or ornament,
or to he placed on any article of manufacture, the same
being formed in marble or other material, or any new and
useful pattern, or punt, or picture, to be either woikedinto
oi woiked on, oi printed, or painted, or cast, or othcuvise
fixed on, any aiticfe of manufacture, or any new and ori-
ginal shape or confirmation of any article of manufacture,
not known oi used by others before his, her, or their in-
vention ni pioduction theieof, and prioi to the time of his,
her, or their application for a patent theiefm, and who
f-Iiali de&jre to obtain an exclusive piopeity or ughttheroin
to make, u«e; and sell, and vend the same, or copies of the
same, to other-*, by them to be made, used, and sold, may
make application, in writing, to the Coinnnssionei or Pat-
ents, expressing such desue; and the Commissioner, on
due pioeecdmgs had, may giant a patent therefor, as in the
case now of application for a patent, lor the teim of thiee
and one half yeais, or for the tenn of seven yeais, or for
the term of fouiteon years', as the said applicant may elect
in his application: Provided, That the lee to be paid m
such application shall he, foi the term of three vcais and six
months ten dollais, tor seven yeais fifteen dollars, and for
fourteen yeais thirty dollais: **dnd provided, That the pat-
entees of designs under this act shall be entitled to the ex-
tension of their respective patents, for the teim of se\en
years fiom the day on which said patents shall expire,
upon the same teims and restriction^ as are now provided
for tlic extension of Jetteis patent.
The amendment was adopted.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to a third
reading", and it was accordingly read the thud
time.
Mr. PHELPS. As this bill provides for an
increase of salary to a considerable extent, 1 will
move to lay it on the tabic. I have no Hope that
the motion will be agreed to. But this is the only
way I can make appear my opposition to this
feature of the bill.
The motion was not agreed to.
The hill was then passed.
Mr. COX moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
REVOLUTIONARY CLAIMS.
Mr. CURTIS. Is it in order at this time to
move to take up the Pacific railroad bill ?
The SPEAKER. Only by unanimous con-
sent.
Mr. FENTON. I call for the regular order of
business.
The SPEAKER-. The regular order of busi-
ness is the reception of reports of committees,
commencing with the Committee on Revolution-
ary Pensions.
Mr. FENTON. I am instructed by the Com-
miitoo on Revolutionary Claims to introduce a
bill to provide for the settlement of the claims of
j the officers and sohheis of the revolutionaiy
I army, and of the widows and children of those
j who died m the; service.
1 The bill received its first and second reading,
j Mr. FENTON. I call f<u the pu-v iou?> ques-
tion on tile engrossment and third reading of the
bill. :
The bill was read. It is as follows:
Be it cnatlcd, 3 c , That the nftieei- of the aim3' of the !
Revolution who vveie entitledto half paylorhtc,under the
resolutions. ofConmo> ol the <^d and xU-toi Octobei. ]
the Hth ot Januaiv, 1761, the ^th ot May, 1781,the I>l>t of j
Deeenibet, 1781. and the 8th oi -Maicii. -hall be enti- :
tied to leceive the same, alihoujh such olhcei mav have 1
received m lieu theicof, bv ceitdu an-& 01 om> i\vi e. tin* !
( ommutation of full pav tor live \ Kirs undei the resolution !
ot the -22d ot Match. JIKi.
Sec.'2. ./jjJ be it fmlher enacted, That it shall be tin !
duty oi the piop«*r act onntimromcf 1 otiho Tie:i my. when .
applied ro (oi that purpose by any p"i>on clanninj the ben-
efits of tin* act, oi his or her gu.iui.ian, to asceiiant wi<al I
is due to such person from the time the officer by whom,
01 under whom, such claim is made, became entitled to
said half pay until the day of bis death.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That it shall be the
duty of the Secretary of the Treasury, when the amount
due to any officer has been ascertained as aforesaid, to pay
the same as hereinafter directed, alter deducting therefrom
the amount received for commutation under any special
act of Congress, or under the resolution of the 22d ofMarch,
1763, and all suras received by such officer as pay under
the act of May 15,1828.
Sec. 4. Jliid be it farther enacted, That the benefit of the
resolution of the 24th of August, 1780, shall be extended to
the widows and lineal descendants of all officers embraced
therein who died in the service at any period during the
war of the Revolution,
Sec. 5. Jlnd bextfurther enacted, That the benefits and
provisions ot the act of Congress entitled "A n act in addi-
tion to ceitain acts grunting bounty land to certain officers
and soldiers who have been engaged in the military service
Of tlje United States," approved March 3,1855, and the
amendment thereto of May 14,1856, shall be, and the same
are hereby, extended to the surviving child or children of
the persons named in said acts, who served in the war of
the devolution in the manner therein specified, and who
d 1 d not desert or were not dishonorably discharged from the
service; and such surviving child or children shall be en-
titled to jeceivefrom the Department of the Interior a war-
rant for one huntfied and sixty acres of land; and if there
be surviving more than one child of said deceased parents,
each ot said surviving children shall be entitled to receive
a warrant foi eighty instead of one hundred and sixty acies
of land, whether they may be over or under twenty-one
years of age: Piovided, That in no case shall any such cer-
tificate 01 wan ant be issued to any party claiming the same
by virtue of this act, unless theseivice rendered shall have
been 01 may be e^tahlifhed by recoid evidence, or in the
mannei piovidcd 111 the second section of said act of May
1 t, nor t-liall this huh section extend to any party provided
loi by the fiist section of this act.
Sec. 6. Jhul be, it fait her enacted, That it shall be the
duty of the Secietary of the Treasuiy, under the direction
and with the approbation of the President of the United
States, to piescnhe ssuch rules of evidence as may be ne-
cessity to eany mto effect the provisions ot tins act, accord-
ing to its. ti ue intent and meaning.
Si:c. 7. Jlnd he it further enacted, That all payments
made by authouty of this act shall be without interest.
Sec. 8. jind be it further enacted, That, in every ease,
the ?aid accounting officer, before he shall oider any claim
to be paid, shall require satisfactory proof that the person
or persons in whose name the same may be presented is or
are the bona fide owner or owners thereof, and that the
chum has not been sold, tian^ferred, ot moitgaged, or any
pait thereof, to any peifonot peisons whomsoever; and all
sales, transiers, morigages, 01 pledges of any such claims
ate heieby declared void and of no effect whatsoever.
Sec. 9. Jliulhcit father enattcd, That surgeons'mates
shall be entitled to the benefit of the resolution ot the 17th
ot January, 1781, and receive the &ame pay as hospital
physicians and surgeon';
Sec. 10. Jlnd beitfmther enacted, That all pet sons who
apply foi and receive the benefit of this act, shall leceive
tin- 5-ciuic 111 full sitislucnon of all claims under any of the
resolutions ol Conare*!? hereinbefore lccued, and for all
lo^es alleged to have been : untamed by depreciation in the
value or the certificates leceived a.s commutation under
the lesohition of Congie^s of the 23d ot Mm eh, 1763.
Si-e. 11. Jlnd he. it jurther enacted, That all claims which
shall ho allowed undei the fust section of tins act shall be
paid to the officer, if alive, and if ho be dead, to his eluid
01 children equall}. the issue of any deceased child taking
among theiu the shaie ot their deceased patents; audit'
theiy be no lm"al descendant, then to the next of kin of
such deceased officer.
Sec. 12. Jlnd be it farther enacted, That the Secretary of
the Tteasury, instead ot paying dueetiy to the parties, as
pio\ nled in section eleven, may, in his discretion,and un-
der such rules and regulations* as he shall prescribe, pay the
claims allowed undei this act to an administrate, execu-
tor, or cuiatoj of such deceased officei, for the sole and
exclusive benefit of his child or children, or their descend-
ants, or next of km, to be distubuted among them accoid-
ing to the piovisions of section eleven of tins act; and the
same shall not he conudcicd as pan of the aa-ets> of said
estate, nor applied to the payment of the debts of said estate
in any ease whatsoever.
Sec. 13. Jlnd be itfmther enacted, That the Secietary of
the Tieasiuy may, 111 his discretion, and is hereby anthoi-
izcd to pay the claims allowed by this act in stock of the
United States, which shall be issued for the amount of each
and ail sums which may hi; f'ouudduo said claimants under
this act, in such amounts a& said Secietary shall deem
pioper, pavable m fiiteen yeais fiom then date, with inter-
est at the rate ot six pel centum per annum, and made pay-
aide to the sovciai cieditors, then administiatoi-j, evecu-
tois, or their legallvaut'iouzed attorneys, 01 either of them,
agiveablv to the twelfth section ot this act, a* soon as said
s^veiai chums shall have, been allowed by the aforesaid
accounting ofticer: Provided, That said stock shall be re-
deemed af such a tunc as Congress shall make an appro-
priation theielor. and not sooner.
Bee. It. ifjiid be it fwither enacted, That the faith of the
United States h hereby pledged foi the due payment of the
interest and redemption ot the piincjprd of the'stoek which
may he issued undet the authouty 01 tin.-, act.
Sko. 15. Jlnd be it further enacted, That this act shall
continue and be in foice for the term of ten years, and 7io
longer; and all claims not pie^ented, witn the evidence of
then ad indication, within that time, frhall be forcvei haired.
Sfrv. 16 Jind be U farther enacted, That the decision of
the accounting oitieei shall he final and conclusive.
Mr. BRANCH. I make the point of order
iliut the bill, under the rule, must of necessity go
to the Committee of the Whole 011 the state of the
t moil, liueause it contains an appropriation. Tiie
Uttrmpt to evade the rule by the provision tiuuthe
