794
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 7,
bonds shall be made payable only when Congress
shall make an appropriation, cannot prevent the
bill from going to committtee, under the recent
decision of the Speaker in the parallel case of the
Pacific railroad bill.
Mr. COX. I suppose the House understands
that, by the estimates which have been before us,
this bill will take from the Treasury some seven
million five hundred thousand dollars. I think
we ought not to consider a bill of this magnitude
in this summary manner.
Mr. FENTON. Upon the subject of the point
of order raised by the gentleman from North Car-
olina, 1 call the attention of the Chair to the last
clause of the thirteenth section.
The thirteenth section was again read.
Mr. BRANCH. I make the point of order that
the bill is obliged to go to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, because it pro-
vides for the issue of bonds. There is a general
statute of the United States which authorizes the
Secretary of (lie Treasury to pay any outstand-
ing bonds of the United States out of any surplus
funds which may be in the Treasury. The pro-
viso which has been read, therefore, does not re-
lieve the bill from the objection that it makes an
appropriation, because it does notdeprive the Sec-
retary of the Treasury of the right of paying the
bonds under the general law. If there shall be a
surplus in the Treasury, he can apply it for this
purpose.
Mr. GROW. I think the gentleman from North
Carolina is mistaken as to the effect of this pro-
viso. The general law upon the subject would
apply to all outstanding bonds against the Gov-
ernment, if no subsequent law should be passed
interfering with the exclusive application of that
law. This proviso declares that the bonds shall
not be paid under the general law; that they shall
not be paid until Congress shall make an appro-
priation for that purpose. It therefore expressly
takes out of the general rule what would other-
wise be an appropriation.
Mr. STANTON. I hope the Chair will de-
cide the question of order.
The SPEAKER. It appears to the Chair that
this case is taken out of the general rule, because
there is an express declaration that the money
shall not be paid until Congress shall make an ap-
propriation. The Chair therefore decides that
there is no appvopriatiution made by the bill.
Mr. STANTON. I want to know of the gen-
tleman from New York, who reported this bill,
how much money, in his opinion, this bill will
take from the Treasury? How much will be re-
quired to satisfy the claims under it?
Mr. FENTON. I cannot answer the gentle-
man more definitely than by referring him to the
report made by me in the last session of Con-
gress, which I send to the Clerk's desk, and ask
to have read fiotn it the passage I have maiked.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Tlie wilole number of coimnenm] oflicrrs entitled to
half pay, accoidm# lo an estimate of Senator Bvan^. is
about 2,300.; fiom which deduct for families which have
become extinct, tho>e who died previous to 179.'*, and tho^e
unable to make out then claim*, sav one half, 1,150; leav-
ing tho number to be provided tos, 1,130 Assuming the
jhalf pay of a captain, as the average, at $240 per annum,
and the lives ol the olficeis at twenty years, ten year-* of
winch is covered by the commutation ceitifieates, and it
will require, to pay the^o men anil then representatives
within the next ten > ears, the sum of <60,000, or, in round
numbers, .$3,OUO.OUO. Tins sum divided among twenty-
seven million, oui pie^cnt population, would lequiie about
one cent Horn each inhabitant to cancel the debt."
Mr. STANTON. Mr. Sneaker, there is some
controversy about the amount that this bill will
require to satisfy us provisions. Everybody, how-
evor, perceives tluit it will require $3,000,000, at
least. 1 trust, then that tins House is not pie-
pared to vote ^3,000,000 out of an almost empty
Treasury, without knowing exactly what the
object is for which the appropriation is made. I
demand the previous question on ordering the
main question.
Mr. BRANCH. Is this bill printed r
Mr. FENTON. It is. The gentleman can get
it by sending for printed bill No. 13.
Mr. BRANCH. I am informed that House
bill No. J3 is not the bill that is now pending;
that material alterations have been made in the
provisions of bill No. 13*
Mr. FENTON. The last clause of the thir-
teenth section has been modified. It is the same
bill, with that modification.
Mr. STANTON. It has been altered so as to
avoid the rule which requires appropriation bills
to have their first consideration in the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union. That,
I believe, is the only change made in the bill of
the last session.
Mr. BRANCH. I am confirmed, then, in the
fact that the bill before the House is not printed,
so that members may get it. I think there ought
to be copies of the bill on each member's table
before we are called on to vote on it.
Mr. FENTON. The only difference between
the bill printed at the last session of Congress and
the one now pending, is a modification of the last
clause of the thirteenth section.
Mr. BRANCH. Is it a material alteration ?
Mr. FENTON. It is not material. It is only
in respect of the mode of payment.
Mr. BRANCH. Let the gentleman explain
the nature of the modification. If we are now to
be callcd to vote on the bill, I should like to know
wherein this bill differs from that which has been
printed.
Mr. FENTON. I will send the modification
to the Clerk, so that he may read it to the House.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Sec. 13. dnd beit further enacted, Thatthe Secretaiy of
the Tieasury may, in his discretion, and is herehy author-
ized to pay the claims allowed by this act in stock of the
United States, which shall be issued for the amount of each
and all sums which may be iound due said claimants under
this act, in «nch amounts as said Secretary shall deem
pioper, payable in fifteen yeaisfrom their date, with inter-
est at the rate of six per centum per annum, and made play-
able to the several creditors, their admmistiators, execu-
tors, or their legally authorized attorneys, or eithei of them,
agreeably to the twelfth section of this act, as soon as said
several claims shall have been allowed by the afoiesaid
accounting officer: Fiovidcd, That nothing herein con-
tained shall prevent the United States from redeeming said
stock at any tiuieduung the pleasuie ot the Government of
the United Slate*.
The modifications made in that section by the
pending bill, are as follows:
Strike out the wotds •' payable in fifteen years from ilieir
date and st! ike out the ptovibo, and in lieu thereof in-
seit the following:
1'rovuled. Said stork shall be redeemed at snch time as
Congi ess .-hall make appiopnation t he t efoi,and not sooner.
Mr. COX. I wish to say a word about this
bill before the yeas and nays are taken on order-
ing' the mam question. 1 believe it is substan-
tially the same bill which was introduced in the
Senate ^ the Thiity-Fourth Congress. I think
it is the same one, or substantially so. Perhaps
it calls for a little more money. 1 think that the
officers who fell i.i the war of the Revolution are
also included in this bill. They were not included
m the bill passed in.one branch during the Thirty-
Fourth Congress. In the report of a speech made
by Senator Clay, of Alabama, I find an estimate
made by the Commissioner of Pensions, as to the
amount of money this bill will require. I am not
going to argue whether the bill is just or equita-
ble. I only make the point that it is not now the
propel lime, under the haste and pressure of the
previous question, to consider a bill which the
Commissioner of Pensions says involves the sum
of ^5,314,250. Mr. Clay included also those who
fell in the battles of the Revolution, and added
one bundled per cent, to that calculation, and then
the bill would take §7,500,000 to meet its demands
upon the Tieasuiy. 1 ask whether, if the bill be
passed or not, it ought not first to have mature
consideration ? If it lias merit—and there is much
to be said on both sides—let it not be hurried
through in this unsatisfactory manner.
The SPEAKER stated that the morning hour
had expired, and that tho question in order was
the consideiation of the report of the select com-
mittee of thirty-three.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland, obtained the iloor.
STATE OF THE UNION.
Mr. CORWIN. With the consent of thegen-
tleman from Maryland, I wish to announce to the
House that I do not intend to call the previous
question to-day on the report of the select com-
mittee of thirty-three. By the advice of many
gentlemen who desire to speak on the subject, I
will give notice that I will not call the previous
question until to-morrow week. At that time I
hope all gentlemen who desire to speak will have
spoken, and the House be ready to take a vote.
DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA BUSINESS.
Mr. KILGOR.fi. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to introduce the following resolu-
tion:
Resolved, That Tuesday of next week be set apart for the
transaction of business pertaining to the District of Co-
lumbia.
Mr. SIMMS. I object.
AMENDMENT OF THE CONSTITUTION.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. With the consent
of the gentleman from Maryland, [Mr. Davis,]
who holds the floor, I desire to ask unanimous
consent to submit the following proposed amend-
ments to the Constitution, differing materially
from any yet offered. I ask that they may be
printed, and that gentlemen will be kind enough
to read and consider them with candor. As soon
next week as I can obtain the floor, I propose to
speak in their support.
No objection being made, the joint resolution
was received, and ordered to be printed. It is as
follows:
Joint resolution proposing amendments to the Constitution.
Wheieas the Constitution ofthe United States is a giant
of specific powers delegated to the Federal Covernmcntby
tlie people of ihe several States, all powers not delegated
to it nor prohibited to the States being leseived to the
States lespectively, 01 to the people; and whereas it is the
tendency ot stionger governments to enlaige their powers
and juusdiction at the expense of weaker governments,
and of majoiities to usurp and abuse power and oppiess
minorities, to arrest and hold in check which tendency
compacts and constitutions are made; and whereas the
only effectual constitutional security for the right1? of
minorities, whether as people or as States, is the power
expressly reserved in constitutions ot protecting those
lights by their own action ; and whereas this mode of pro-
tection by checks and guaiantees is recognized m the Fed-
eral Constitution, as well in the case ot the equality of the
States, in representation and 111 suffrage in the Senate, as
m the piovision for overruling the veto of the President,
and for amending the Constitution, not to enumerate other
examples; and whereas, unhappily, because of the vast ex-
tent and diversified interests and institutions of the several
States of tiie Union, scctional divisions can no longer be
suppies<ed; and wheieas it concerns the peace andstabihty
of the Federal Union and Government that a division of
the States into mere slaveholduig and non-sluvcholdmg sec-
tions, causing hitherto, and from the nature and necessity
of the case, inflammatory and disasti ous controversies upon
the subject of slaveiv, ending alieady in present disiup-
tion ol the Union, should be ioieverheicafter ignored ; and
whereas this impmtant end is best to be attained by the
recognition ot other section's without regaid to slavciy,
neither of which sections shall alone be stiong enough to
oypiess oi control the othPis, and cach be vested with the
power to piotect itself fiom aggtessions: Therefoie,
Be it resolved by ihe Senate and House of Representatives
ofthe United Statcsof Jliaericuin Congas assembled, ^two
thirds ol both Mouses concuiring.) Tnat the following ar-
ticles be, and are hereby, pioposed as amendmemsto the
Constitution of the United States, which shall be valid to
all intents and purposes as pait of said Constitution when
ratilietl by conventions in thice 1'oiuths ol tho several
States:
Article XIII.
Sec. 1. The United States are divided into four sections,
as follows:
The States of Maine, New Hampshire, Vermont, Massa-
chusetts Rhode island, Connecticut, New York, New Jer-
sey, and Pennsylvania, and all new States annexed and
admitted into the Union, or fonned or elected within the
juusdiction of any of said States, or by the junction ot two
or more of the same or of parts thetcof, or out of tenitory
acquired noith of said States, shall constitute one section,
to be known as the North.
The Elates ol Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, Michigan, Wis-
consin, Minnesota, Iowa and Kansas, and all new States
annexed or admitted into the Union, or erected within the
juusdiction of any of said States, or by the lunetion of two
or more ot the same or of parts thereof, or out of territory
now hold oi hereafter acquired north of .latitude 36° 30'and
east of the eiest of the Rocky Mountains, shall constitute
another section, to be known as the West.
The Slates ol Orei>on and California, and all new States
annexed and admitted into the Union, or fonned or elected
within the juusdiction of anyof said States, or by the junc-
tion of two or more ol the same or ol pruts theieof. or out
of tcrritoiv now held or hereaiter acquired west of die ci e.->t
ofthe Rocky Mountains and of tlie Rio Grande, shall con-
stitute another section, to be known as ttie Pacific.
The States ot Ddawaie, Maijland, Vuginia, Noith Car-
olina, South Carolina, Gcoruia, Lloiida, Alabama, Missis-
sippi, Louisiana, Texas, Atkansas Tennessee, Kentucky,
and Misvjnri,and all new Stales annexed and admitted into
the Union, or formed or elected within the jurisdietion of
any of ">aid States, oi by the junction of two 01 moio ot the
same or ot parts thereof, or out of tenitory acquired east of
the Rio Grande and south of latitude 36° 30', shall consti-
tute another section, to he known as the South.
Sec 2. On demand of one third of the Senators of any
one of the sections on any bill, ordei, resolution, or vote,
to which the concurrence ot the liou^e of Representatives
may be necessary, exccpt on a question of adjournment, a
vote shall be had by sections and a majority of the Sena-
tors fiotn each section voting shall be necessary to thepas-
sage ofsueh bill, order, or ie&oiuuon,aiid to the validity of
every such vote.
Sec. 3. Two of the electors for President and Vice Pies-
ident shall be appointed by each State in such niannei as
the Legislature thereol may dnect. fot the State at latge.
The olher electois to which euch Slate m;ty be entitled,
shall bo chosen m the respective congie.ssional disinets
into which the State may at the regulai deccnmal peuod
