1861.]
APPENDIX TO THE OON&RlSBSlOMMi 0LO3J®
36th Cokg. ... 2d Sess.
State of the Union— Mr. Simrns.
Ho. of Kispg.
section, irrevocably, the brand of inferiority and
disgrace. Will they now pause at this point, and
cease their war upon tiie institution as it exists in
the States? Will they becontentwhen they have
shorn the slave States of their representative
power in the Congress of the United States, and
all the departments of the Government? Will
they be content when they have placed the South
in a condition of vassalage, to be taxed at their
discretion for the support of a Government hos-
tile to their institutions, and denying to its citi-
zens the benefits of its protection ? No, sir. The
most humiliating part of this policy about to be
inaugurated in this Governmenthas yet to be con-
sidered. Under the operation of this policy, it is
to be the delightful privilege of a southern Rep-
resentative to take his seat in this Hall to hear
his constituents denounced by abolition orators
as pirates and robbers. In vain may he raise his
voice of protest against this infamous wrong and
slander.
We have been told by the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Sherman] that the people of the North have
the right to express their opinions about slavery
—to write them, to speak them, to preach them.
Freedom of speech, freedom of the press, are es-
sential to the preservation of republican institu-
tions, and they never can be, and never will be
surrendered. Do the freedom of speech and the
freedom of the press give you the right, sir, to
assail, with impunity, my good name, or the 1 ight
to destroy my life, liberty, or property? If not,
have you the right, through those mediums, to
create a public sentiment in the minds of otheis
that will lead to that-result? If you counsel an-
other to commit murder, or arson, or any other
crime, the law holds you responsible for the of-
fense, and for it you may be confined in a prison
or executed upon a gallows. Is there any differ-
ence, in a moral pointof view, whether you coun-
sel the act in person or create a public sentiment
that will lead to its perpetration ? Will any one
upon this floor deny that the raid of John Brown
and his clansmen, upon tiie soil of V.rginia, was
but a logical result of the fanatical teachings of
northern Abolitionists > It was but the result of
inflamed passions and sympathies working to a
practical development.
The freedom of speech and of the press were
never intended by the fiamers of the Government
to lead to lawless invasions of sistei States, or to
incite insurrection or rebellion among the slave
population of the South. Nor were they intended
to be used for the subveision or destruction of any
other constitutional right of the American citizen.
Would this ))lea avail you before any eaithly
tribunal, for the destruction of my life, or liberty?
These are personal rights,guarantied by the Con-
stitution. The right of property is equally guar-
antied by the Constitution. What right have you,
then, in this Hall, or anywhere else, under the
plea of fice speech and a free press, to seek the
destruction of my rights of property ? None, sir.
And yet, for the last two years, from this Hall,
from the Senate Chamber, from the press, "file
pulpit, the school-room, everywhere, upon the
highways and byways, this purpose has enlisted
with fanatical zeal the whole anti-slaveiy organ-
ization of the free States of the North.
Sir, what is to be the result of the excitement
you are creating,and have created upon this sub-
ject? Will it exhaust itself in the partisan ha-
rangue? Will it explode harmlessly in the air?
OrwilHt, like the vapors of the earth when caught
up into the clouds, concentrate into a revolution-
ary storm which will deluge this land in blood.'
Sir, that will be the conclusion of the whole mat-
ter. ✓
But you protest against a dismemberment of
the Union, and inscribe upon your party ban-
ners: " The Union must and shall be preserved."
Answer me this plain question: if, when the Fed-
eral Union was formed by the adoption of the
Constitution, the propositions had been submitted
to the convention, first, that no citizen from a
slave State, with his slave property, should there-
after evt'i- be permitted to enter any of the Terri-
tories of the United States; second, that to own
a slave should outlaw him,and withhold from him
the protection of the Government; will any one
rise here 111 his place, and say that the Federal
Union ever could have been formed upon such a
basis? Surely, there is no gentleman in this House
so far deluded as that. Then, if the Union never
could have been formed upon such a basis, how
can any man of reason and fairness believeforone
moment that it can ever be maintained upon such
a basis? You violate the very principle upon
which the Federal Union was formed; and when
the people of the South complain and protest
against this violation—yes, sir, revolt against this
act of your tyranny, rapacity, and injustice—you
threaten to use the Army and Navy of the United
States to murder them.
Sir, when that day comes, you may invade our
peaceful homes. You may desolate our land.
You may scatter death and ruin around. You
may become butchers for the vulture and raven;
and they may feed and fatten upon the bodies of
our slaughteied countrymen; but wherever the
tramp of your legions is heard, you will find the
hardy son of the South ready to meet you in the
charge and in the retreat; atld wherever you go,
whether advancing or flying, you will leave be-
hind you many a bloody track and fallen com-
rade. Sir, you may make the experiment; but
you can never conquer the South. Their ten mil-
lion proud, free-born necks were never made to
wear the yoke of any mortal power or foe against
their will. You (an conquer them by justice,and
not by injustice and the sword. From the first
drop of blood shed upon southern soil by armed
soldiery, in a war so unjust and unholy as the
one you are seeking to provoke, would spring
up, if necessary to avenge it, a million warriors.
Kentucky, brave, gallant, loyal, patient Ken-
tucky, will not hesitate nor falter when that day
comes. Her decision then will be as prompt as
her conduct to-day is patient to exhaust the last
eifoit at peace and reconciliation. Sir, she never
yet has failed to do her duty, and her whole duty,
in stoim or m sunshine. She never yet lias de-
spaired of the Republic; but if you force this issue
upon her and bur sisters of the South, remember
that in the veins of her children courses the blood
of old Virginia; and with them, when the final
struggle comes, she will share common dangers,
common rights, common glories, a common des-
tiny, or a common grave.
iilr. STANTON. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky has slightly mistaken the position which
I, together with the Republican party, have as-
sumed m icgaid to the cluuacteYof the Constitu-
tion of the country. It was never claimed, so far
as I know, by any Republican, that this Union
was formed with any view to the extension or
extinction of slavery. At the adoption of the
Constitution it was believed, by common consent,
in all sections, that by economical causes, aside
from legislation, not through the instrumentality
of the Federal Government, that African slaveiy
would ultimately become exiinot. That was the
common sentiment of the people of the whole
country. It was not a thing to be accomplished
through the instrumentality of congressional legis-
lation or Federal action, in any form whatever.
I want to answer another question of the gen-
tleman from Kentucky, when lie inquired what
would have been said or done if it bad been pro-
posed, in the constitutional convention, to exclude
slaveholders, with then property, from all the Ter-
ritories I will respond, that the Congress of the
Confederali  long befoie, had done piecisely
that very thing by a unanimous vote of all the
States, in every foot of territory then subject to
congressional eontrol.
1 want to answer the gentleman fiom Kentucky,
that the ground we take upon this subject is,
not that slavery is sinful, immoral, or degrading;
we do not take that giound, for the reason that
we claim no responsibility for your sins. They
are sins for which yon aioneare responsible. We
claim no right to inquire into the sinfulness or
immorality of the institutions of your section.
When you seek to extend them into the common
Territories, then it becomes our duty to inquire
into its character as an institution calculated to
affect the prosperity, welfaie. and happiness of
the future inhabitants of that Tcnitm y. In that
aspect, we must of necessity, as a political ques-
tion, inquire what is to be us influence upon the
Teintones which aie now m their infancy, and^
the States which are ultimately to grow out of
them. I do not claim that the people of the slave-
holding States are chargeable 'with the sinfulness
or immorality of slavery; fori recognize the fact
that it is a thing established upon them by the
cupidity of the commercial classes in past tinMSj
and from which they have, to a gfeat extentj no
power to escape.' . . ~
Mr. SIMMS. Iam not discussing the opinion^
of the gentleman from Ohio, but those of the Re-
publican party, as illustrated by its leading fepre-r
sentative men upon this floor, and by its leading
public journals throughout the country, and as
reflected by its President elect. The gentleman
did not vote upon the Blake resolution, which de-
clared " the ehattelizing of humanity and the hold1-'
ing of persons as property is contrary-to natural
justice and the fundamental principles of our po-
litical system, andisnotoriouslyareproaclitoour
country through the civilized world;" but every
leading representative man ofthe Republican party
upon this floor did. i now charge, and I defy the
gentleman to now rise in his place and deny it,
that nineteen out of every twenty of, the members
of the Republican party who haveaddressed.this
House, during this and the past session of ;Gon*
gress, have denounced slavery not only as being
a sin, not only as being a scandal and reproach
before the civilized world, but as being a crime
within itself, infamous and intolerable. The gen-
tleman belongs to the available committee of his
organization in this House, whose opinions may
be injected cautiously into southern speeches, as
the party at this particular time is fighting for
allies in the southern States.
Sir, Henry Wilson, Senator from Massachu-
setts, said, in a speech in New York,in 1855, "that
when this Government had been putopenly, actu-
ally, and perpetually on the side of freedom, that
the Republican party would have glorious allte%in
the South, and that these allies—brave, generous,
gallant men—would in their own way, and in their
own time, rise upon the South, and" lay the foun-
dations of a policy of emancipation, which would
give freedom to three and a half millions of men
in America." What the Senator from Massachu-
setts that day said, begins to-day to look like fact
and history, from the demonstrations we have re-
cently seen upon this floor, by certain gentlemen
, from the South. As for the gentleman from Ohio
j [Mr. Stanton,] it is well known in this House
1 that he is no exponent of the real, genuine creed
' of faith of the Republican party.
Mr. STANTON. I am an orthodox Repub-
lican.
Mr. SIMMS. About as much orthodox as
your distinguished colleague, [Mr. Coiuvin,] who
with talents that should place him in the lead of
his party in this House, is scarcely recognized as
its tail, because lie does not hold that negroology
is the great science of the age, and that the Amer-
ican Congress should consume all of its time in
extolling the virtues of the negro, by assailing
those of his master.
The gentleman from Ohio, in answer to "my
question, is equally unfortunate in saying that
the Congress of the Confederation, long before
. tiie Constitution was made, had excluded slavery
from every inch of territory then subject to their
control. In the first place, there never was an
inch of territory subject to their control upon this
continent, until the'Statc of Virginia ceded the
then Territories northwest of the river Ohio; nor
did the confederated Congress ever exclude sla-
very from this territory. The State of Virginia
herself did it by an express provision irvherdeed
of cession to the united Colonies. The ordinance
of 1787, passed by the confederated Congress, was
a mere acceptance of this deed of cession, with
the slavery restriction contained in it.' Whatever
may have been the consequences of that restric-
tion, Virginia alone is responsible for them. It
was her act, and not thatof the confedeiated Con-
gress. My opinion has always been that it was
the'most unwise act of her whole history. It
was the first establishment of a geographical line
upon this subject, and laid the foundations of that
fruitful source from whence have sprung all our
national woes. She did it, however, from the
best of motives; and these should sanctify in her
behalf whatever may have been her error. She
had heaved the Revolution, fougluits battles, and,
like a generous mother, then resolved to pay its
debts, by endowing the young Republic, the child
