212
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL G-LOBE.
[February 9,
36th Cong....2d Sess.
State of the Union—Mr. Simms.
Ho. of Beps.
of her valor, with an inheritance which would
have enriched any throne in Europe. To this
end she gave, without price, two hundred million
acres of the best land upon which the sun has
ever shone. There is not to-day a single child
now educated in all the free schools of the five
States now formed out of this territory that does
not owe that education to the charity and bounty
of old Virginia. And, sir, how has her generosity
been requited? These very children are taught
in these schools, as admitted by the gentleman
frt>*n New York, [Mr. Cockling,] to hate the
institutions of Virginia. They are taught, like
vipers, to turn and sting their benefactress. God
save the mark!
The gentleman from Ohio says, when I charge
that the Republican party was organized upon an
anti-slavery basis, and that that party holds to
. the principle that the Government itself was or-
ganized upon that basis, looking to the ultimate
extinction of slavery (and now, in carrying out
that policy, they are but executing the original
purposes of those who formed the Government)
that I am slightly mistaken. Well, sir, I think,
upon investigation, it will be found that the slight
mistake is on his side. I have already chargcd
that the gentleman, with all his talents and clear-
ness, is not orthodox upon the Republican creed.
I did not desire to prove this upon him, because
it may defeat him at home, and send a worse man
here in his place. Nevertheless, we are now seek-
ing the truth; and hence those who are not posted
must fall or keep out of the way. We should be
frank upon this occasion, and fight this battle on
the square. In proof of the charge I make upon
the Republican party, 1 submitan authority which
no gentleman on that side of the Chamber will
question for orthodoxy. 1 read from the speech
of Mr. Lincoln, delivered at Cincinnati in Sep-
tember, 3859, and also from his published debates
with Mr. Douglas, all revised by himself, and
published by his party as campaign documents:
• " I have taken upon myself, in the name of some o! you,
to say that we expect, upon those principles, to ultimately
bcattliem- In order to do *>o, I think we wani, and must
hayc, a national policy, in regard to the Institution of sla-
very, thai qcknovtiedgeb and t'eals with the institution a- 
oemg wrong- Whoever desire-* tin; prevention of the «prend
of slavery and the nationalisation of that institution, yields
all when'he yields to any policy that either recognizes sla-
very as being right or a  being an indifferent thing. Notk
■ng will make you successful hut setting up a poltey which
shall treat the thing as being wrong. This Government is
expressly charged with the'duty of providing for the gen-
eral welfare. We believe that the spreading out and per-
petuity of the institution of slavery impairs the general wel-
fare. We believe, nay, we know, that this is the only thing
that has ever threatened the perpetuity of the Union itself;
%,q repress this tiling we think is to provide for the general
welfare."
Again:
" in all these things! think that we ought to keep in view
our real purpose, and in none do anything that stand* ad-
verse to our purpose. But suppose we ,«hall take up some
man and put hnn upon one end or the othei of our ticket,
who declares himself against us in regard to the prevention
of the spread of slavery; who turus "up his nose and says
he is tired of hearing anything more about it: if wu nom-
inate him upon that ground, he will not carry a slave State,
and not only so, but that portion of our men who urc hi°h
strung upon the principle we really fight for, will not go foi
him. We cannot do it; we cannot get our men to vote it.
t speak by the card, that we cannot give the State of Illi-
nois, in such case, by fifty thousand."
Again:
441 am not, m the first place, unaware that this Govern-
ment has endured'eighty-two years, half ^ave and half
free. 1 believe—and that is what I meant to allude to then—
f believe it has endured because, during all that time, until
the introduction of the Nebraska bill, ilie public mind did
rest m the belief that slavery was in the eoume of ultimate
extinction, i have always hated slavery i think as much
as any Abolitionist. 1 always believed that even body was
against it, and that it was in the course of ultimate extinc-
tion."
Again:
"And now as to the judge's informer, that because T wish
to see slavery placed in the course of ultimate extinction —
placed where our jathcrs originally placed it."
Again:
"The chief and real purpose of the Republican party is
eminently conservative. It proposes nothing save and ex-
cept to restore this Government to its original tone in regard
to this elem^ntot slavery, and theie to maintain it, looking
to no further change in refeiewce to it than that winch the
original framers of the Government themselves expected
and looked forward to."
Again:
" From the adoption of the Constitution down to 18% is
theprceise period of our history, wnen we nau compara-
tive peace upon this question. It was when a policy had
been adopted and was prevailing which led ail just and
right-minded men to suppose that slavery was geneiaily
coming to an end, and that they might be quiet about it,
watching it as it expired."
Now,sir, was I slightly mistaken,when I stated
that the Republican party was organized upon an
anti-slavery basis? That they held slavery to be
a wrong? That they proposed to legislate in refer-
ence to it as a wrong? That it was opposed to
the general welfare, and, as such, it was to be re-
pressed ? and lastly, that theyheld that the Gov-
ernment itself was organized upon an anti-slavery
basis; and to pursue that course of policy towards
it that would lead to its ultimate extinction, would
be but to carry out the original purposes of those
who formed the Government?
Whose authority shall we accept upon this sub-
ject? Mr. Lincoln's, the President elect of the
party, or the gentleman from Ohio? Will some
Republican brother rise in his place and espouse
the cause of the gentleman from Ohio? But upon
this occasion Mr. Lincoln has the offices to give
gentlemen. "What,44 none so poor as do him rev-
erence?"
Sir, I do not claim for my section any right or
privilege that I would not be willing to-morrow
to imperil my life to guaranty to every other sec-
tion of our common country; and in this declara-
tion 1 know I reflect the sentiment of every manly
heart upon the soil of Kentucky. " Equal rights to
all, and exclusive privileges to none "—these are
her mottoes; these were the undying mottoes of
our fathers; and from them this Government
sprung into life and being. Deny them, and it must
perish, for the life-giving principle and the death-
dying stroke must em.viatc from the same hand.
Adopt them to-day, and our dissevered national-
ity and divided country will spring into existence
and unity again uiuUr our same old banner of
stars, more glorious and more durable for the
misfortunes through which we have passed.
Sir, I never yet have felt in my heart a feeling
of disloyalty to the Constitution of my country.
Kentucky has never yet given birth to a disunion-
ist per se. We love our country, ;>.nd would die,
the last man of us, under its flag; but the time-
honored emblems of that flag—-justice, equality,
and fiateniity—must not be effaced. If so, it will
not l>o the flag of our fathers, the covenant of our
nationality, ft will be the sign-manual of the
despoiler, the badge of our enslavement, and as
such we will resist it to the death.
Sir, in my district repose at this moment the
ashes of the immortal Clay. Now, and in this pres-
ence, and upon such an occasion as this, were 1 un-
mindful of the solemn responsibilities resting upon
me, I should expect a voice of rebuke from the
tomb of the mighty dead. I will cling to every
hope that justice may yet be done, and from our
divided councils may yet spring some common
principle of ad justment, alike just and honorable
to every section, upon which we may yet unite
hand in hand and heart in heart, as our fathers
stood before us. If not, the fault will be yours
not ours, and upon your head must rest the re-
sponsibility.
Sir, I am a son of the South. There is not a
hope nor aspiration of my soul that does not bind
me to her and her destiny. 1 am jealous of her
honor. I will nevi-r surrender it. There is not
a hill nor a dale nor a battle-field where glory has
been won, from the Gulf stream in the South, to
the far distant regions of the North, where the
blood of her children has not been poured out
like water. These are the pledgesof loyalty she
has given to her country. They are hers. No
malice can assail them; no injustice can impair or
destroy them. They will stand forever in history
as imperishable testimonials of her loyalty and
patriotism. They plead to-day in her behalf,
<c Likp angels uumpet-iongued against
The de« p damnation ot her taking oil'."
And yet, sir, with all these facts beaming from
every page of our history, what has been the
treatment she has received in this Hall? What
is to be the future policy of tlus Government to-
wards her? For two years, as one of the Repre-
sentatives of her people, I have been compelled
to sit here, and hear every epithet that obscenity
could invent and malice proffer, hurled m denun-
ciation and hate upon the heads of my constitu-
ents—robber, pirate, slave-driver, infamous, vil-
lainous, hell-destined, Heaven-forsaken—these
are the stereotyped phrases of our brethren on that
side of the House. Sir, if a stranger a hundred
years hence should open the Congressional£Uobe
of this and the last session of Congress, and he
were ignorant of the character and institutions of
the people of the South, he would be convinced
that they were without a virtue; mere fiends in
human shape, with their victims smarting under
the lash from morn till night. Sir, is this just;
can it be endured? What man of honor can sub-
mit to this? I put the question to you on that
side ofthe House: what degradation can he deeper?
And yet, sir, I have been compelled to endure it.
My lips have been sealed under the rules of this
House, and I have heard your denunciations,
when, had you uttered them in my presence out
of this Chamber, 1 would have hurled them back
in your throat as slanderous, false, and foul. Not
content with this, you now propose to outlaw us
from the protection of the Government, and to
cxcludc us, because of our institutions, from its
common Territories. It is not enough for you
to seek to fix upon ns, and our institutions, the
brand of opprobrium—the Government must do
it; and whenever we look upon its flag fluttering
to the breeze, this must remind us of our degra-
dation and shame. Do you suppose we care the
snap of my finger for the small, barren waste
which lies south of this line of 36° 30', as a mere
question of territory ? No, sir. 1 would not give
this Union for ten thousand such territories. But
m this adjustment is involved a principle vital to
our existence, vital to our honor, high as the Gov-
ernment itself, and which never can be surren-
dered. Protection, equality, these are the prices
of allegiance to every Government; and the Gov-
ernment that exacts the one and denies the other,
is a sham and a cheat. These, sir, we will de-
mand, on land and on sea, wherever the flag of
the CJnion floats.
I might demand of the gentleman from Ohio,
slightly deluded as he is upon the slavery ques-
tion, whether any honorable man could accept
less? Do you make slavery an objection } Why,
sir, there is scarcely an African upon this conti-
nent whose ancestors your fathers did not bring
into this country and sell into the South. You
have got the money, and we have got the slaves
If slavery be a sin, how much better are you than
we? Take the case put by the gentleman fiom
North Carolina, [Mr. Gilmer.] I would carry
it out a little further. When this Governmentwas
organized, slavery existed in ail the States except
one. It had been recognized and protected by all
the united colonies, for more than one hundred
and fifty years before the Government was formed.
Since that time, you have abolished slavery in the
northern States, by a very peculiar style of eman-
cipation. Before your laws of emancipation took
effect, you transferred your slaves to the South,
and sold them for the money. When your laws
took effect there were no slaves to claim their ben-
efit; they could not reach the cash in your pock-
ets. I merely remind you of this because we do
not always " see ourselves as others see us;" and,
too, I would have you receive all the glory of such
metallic philanthropy. This was the condition of
things at the beginning. Now you represent Mr.
North, andmy friend here by my side, Mr. South
—two clever old gentlemen. Under that higher
law, to multiply and replenish the earth, you
moved on harmoniously. You peopled andsetthd
all your Territories. After a while you acquired
the Louisiana purchase. Mr. North had sold his
negroes to Mr. South. With age, as his memory
fails, his piety increases. He insists that this ter-
ritory shall bedivided. " Very well,"says Mr.
South, "anything for peace." The division is
made. The territory from Mexico is acquired.
"Let us divide as before, brother North," says Mr.
South. " No, sir, "replies brother North," I de-
mand all, and that neither you nor your children
shall ever have oneinch ofit." " Why,did we not
purchase it jointly with our common blood and
treasure?" "Yes, sir," replies brother North;
" but you have slaves. Slavery is sinful; it is an
abomination in the sight of the Lord. There can
be no such thing as property in man." "What,"
says Mr. South," did you notsellmeyourslaves?
Have you n otstill my money for them ? Were they
