1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
797
tion of slavery, which in all time has been, and
in all time to come will be, a perpetual weakness,
a disgrace, a calamity?
Now, sir, this is the disease with which we have
to deal. It is not a case for the placebos of the com-
mittee of thirty-three, nor yet for the small pills
of Hahnemann, nor for the bleeding and warm
water of Dr. Sangrado. It is a case for surgery. I
am not now to speak of slavery as I look on it, as
an institution of barbarism. 1 am not to speak of
it as my people regard it; not to speak of it as all
historians describe it, as all poets sing of it, as all
moralists and philosophers teach about it, as all
philanthropists look upon it; I merely wish to
speak of it as a political power in this Confederacy.
It is agreat power Whenever any of its real or
supposed interests are affected, it rallies around
it the Representatives and Senators of fifteen States
as one man. It sccnts danger m the tainted breeze.
It is unwearied in its vigilance, unrelenting in its
purpose, it has controlled the politics of this
country for sixty yeais and more; and now, when
its political encroachments and unreasonable de-
mands have rallied the North against it, and when
the census, with unerringfinger, pointsto the end
of its political power and influence, it breaks out
into rebellion and violence; it would usurp the
Government by force, and override the expressed
will of the people by terror and bloodshed. In
several of the States it is a settled policy to make
this institution perpetual.
There is no diligcntstudent of the history of the
time but knows that when the Constitution was
formed it was the intention of its framers that that
institution should, in a reasonable time, be abol-
ished by the voluntary action of the people of the
States. Six States performed their duty in regard
to it, by adopting schemes of gradual emancipa-
tion. And now, because it is profitable, because
it is a source of political power, because it is a
thing to which politicians may address their ap-
peals in an inflamed and excited community, a
change has come over the intention and spmt of
the country, and this institution is to be made per-
petual. It insists not only on tolerance, not only
that we shall leave it within the limits of the States
untouched; but it insists on universal assent to its
rightfulness, and on constitutional recognition and
protection. Grant this, and who does not know
that its next step will be to demand the reopening
of the slave trade ? And rightfully, because, if it
is just m itself; if you have amoral and political
right to hold slaves, you have a right to a supply
of that labor from any source open to your reach;
and the slave trade will be, as it has already been,
justified on the rostrum and in the pulpit. It will
he demanded as a just tribute to the progress of
Christianity and the enlightened influence of the
age,that laws—barbarous, obsolete, criminal laws
—declaring this just commerce piracy, shall be re-
pealed, and the slave traders shall again sit among
the merchant princes as the honorable of the earth,
and the blessing of Heaven will be pronounced
each returning Sabbath on the sails of the pirate
as on the sails of all otlieis who go down to the sea
in ships.
Nay; a little further. As free opinions and their
exponents, fiee speech and free press, are incon-
sistent with it, as it suppresses them at home by
the coid or by fire, so it demands, through the
committee of thirty-three, their suppression as
being "with intent to subvert the institutions of
another State." Very careful and slow m its
approaches, and now for the first time receiving
legislative countenance, freedom of the press is to
be put down.
But I must pass along. This institution, as I
have described it, has twenty Representatives on
this floor, of its property—or should have if they
had not basely flud from their trust and abandoned
their seats here, to establish treason against the
Government in their several States. It should
have twenty Representatives upon this floor of its
property; and tins inequality it will necessarily
carry into any territory it may acquire and bring
in as a slave State. You cannot admit New Mex-
ico as a State without admitting her with flhisrin-
equality. It has but six of the thirteen original
States; all the rest have, as I have said, in accord-
ance with the sentiment existing at the formation
of the Government, and the implied understanding
upon which the Constitution was agreed to, eman-
cipated those slaves. Yet it has increased its
numbers to fifteen; and it now demands the pro-
tection of the Government in the vast Territories,
the forcible seizure and subjugation of which is
now contemplated.
If an adjustment is effected upon the basis of
this committee's report, it will not stand a year
against the threatened piracy, plunder, privateer-
ing, the renewal of the slave trade, and the seizure
of adjacent States, which is contemplated.
The policy and aims of slavery, its institutions
and civilization, and the character of its people,
are all at vaiiance with the policy, aims, institu-
tions, education, and character of the North.
There is an irreconcilable difference in our inter-
ests, institutions, and pursuits; in our sentiments
and feelings. No truth is more apparent than
this: " that this Govemmentcannot permanently
remain half slave and half free." The idea of a
temporary separation, and a permanent recon-
struction, is visionary and foolish. Whenever
the slave States of this Confederacy shall be ac-
knowledged by this Government to be rightfully
separated fiom their allegiance, that separation
will be final and permanent. The North stands
ready, while they are in the Union, to perform its
constitutional obligations; but, let thorn once be
acknowledged to be free from those constitutional
obligations, to be separated from their relations
as States within a common Confederacy, and you
cannot find a school district within the North that
will ever consent to a reconstruction of this Gov-
ernment upon any such basis of the representa-
tion of property as is now permitted in tlii^ House
upon the pait of the slaveholding States. Nay,
you cannot find any district which would consent
to admit such a State at all, unless with a full
provision for thespeedy emancipation of its slaves.
If gentlemen choose to try the experiment upon
that basis, the quicker they go about it the bet-
ter it will suit the Representatives of a great pro-
portion of the inhabitants of the North.
But, sir, I must hasten to a close. 1 am satis-
fied that the experiment of a perpetual Union be-
tween free and slave States, under a republican
Government, is a failure. You may tinker it,
you may patch it, you may doctor it, you may
turn it over to a council of politicians, or a coun-
cil of physicians, it will come back to the same
position: that there is an irreconcilable difference
l3etween free and slave institutions; and if States
thatmamtain both systems remain under the same
Government, one or the other must yield.
Now, how do I propose to settle this matter?
Because, I go not for concussion or compromise.
I go for a settlement that shall be final; that shall
leave each to puiwue its own policy, without the
interference or clashing of hostile interests. In
the first plnec, 1 shall insist, as a preliminary
step, if it shall take generations to accomplish it,
that the Constitution and laws must be restored to
their integrity, and the rebel States to obedience.
We will put our lav/s upon a footing where they
shall be executed. We will have the property
that has been wrenched from us by rebellion and
robbery. We will have the forts; we will have
the arsenals; we will have the hospitals; we will
have the mints, and the vessels, which treachery
has betrayed to our enemies. We will have
everything that belongs to us, and the old status
fully restored; and then we will have a settle-
ment of this controversy. How? I would con-
sent that all the slave States, with contiguous ter-
litory, which desire to make slavery perpetual,
should go into a separate Confederacy, peaceably
and quietly, with the full consent of all paitiesin
the Government; th< y should assume their just
share of the public liabilities; they should have
such public property as lies within their limits,
not required by the necessities of our condition.
If any of the slave States choose to remain, I
would provide that the Federal Government
should make full and fair compensation for then-
slaves, with the condition of gradual emancipa-
tion, and their colonization, if need be. If no
slave State chose to remain, I would then amend
the Constitution so that no slave State should
ever be admitted into the Union. I would then
provide for the freedom of all the avenues of com-
merce, and especially for the free and unob-
structed navigation of the Mississippi river. The
right of search should not be driven from the
ocean to be reestablished upon the banks of the
Mississippi. I would retain such fortresses and
places of defense on the Gulf as would he neces-
sary to secure our commcrcc against any threat-
ened piracy orprivateeringby any Poweron earth.
These two civilizations might then start peaceably
on their several careers of generous rivalry. And
permit me to say that, if the Union is destroyed,
the world will soon comprehend the difference
" between a compact nation of .educated, free, and
self-dependent citizens and a community of indo-
lent and insolent proprietors of land, living in
hourly dread of a herd of slaves."
1 need not stop to speak of the glory of the
northern empire, with its capital upon the great
lakes, with a ship canal from the Mississippi to
the ocean ,with improved rivers, harbors and roads,
with all the vast territories about her ready to
rush into close alliance with a nation which has
shown that it dared to be just, and has freed itself
from an institution which alone has excluded it
from national sympathy. And I need not point
to the other experiment. If the success of the
cotton dynasty fulfills the expectations of the
prophets and seers who have talked to us about
it, it will be the first nation on the face of God's
earth that was ever established with its founda-
tions broad and deep in inhumanity and injustice,
which has prospered, and whose disgraceful and
ignominious history has not been written from its
commencement to its close. But the Represent-
atives of the seceded States talk about withhold-
ing their cotton until they bring France and Eng-
land on their knees as suppliants, praying for an
alliance with them. Sir, the failure of an Amer-
ican supply of cotton is a contingency which has
been long looked forward to in England,and care-
fully guarded against. Lord John Russell, in a
letter to the Manchester Cotton Supply Associa-
tion, has pointed to this precise event, and the
remedies proposed. In view of that fact, China
has recently been opened by British and French
arms and negotiation. India also produces abun-
dant cotton. Australia, with a much longer sea-
son, produces as good an article as you can grow
on your sea islands. In Africa and Central Amer-
ica cotton is an indigenous plant It grows with-
out labor; and they are capable of affording an
inexhaustible supply of the article.
In the North we shall try to getalong with such
a substitute as nature affords us. Flax of short
fibre, mixed with forty per cent, of cotton, can
now be furnished to the cotton looms of New
England at eight cents per pound; andflax of long
fibre, when invention born of necessity has suc-
ceeded in peifccting—as she soon will do—a few
little machines already in the Patent Office, can
be furnished to the hnen-spinner at a much less
price per pound. And this article (flax) grows
on every variety of soil, and in every climate,
from Maine to Minnesota. The manufacturing
world long ago determined not much longer to be
subject to the caprices of a slaveholding oligarchy
which they hated and despised, but whose cotton
they had then found no substitute for. And if I
could procure no other sufficientsubstitute, rather
than submit to this tyrannous dictation of king
cotton, I would go back to the costume of our first
parents in the garden of Eden, before the fall.
An honorable gentleman from Virginia, [Mr.
Garnett,] to show us how slavery strengthened
and ennobled a people, has referred us to histor-
ical examples. He says that slavery prevailed m
the mightiest and most cultivated empires of the
Old World, and was the source of their strength.
I know that slavery existed both in Athens and
Rome. And the same history lias taught us that
the Athenians soon lost the hardy virtues of thou*
early life, and became cruel, unjust, effeminate,
and corrupt; that they diove Penclcs into exile
for his justice, and poisoned Socrates for his wis-
dom and virtue, and became soon the prey of the
spoiler, and the petty province of a stronger and
more barbarous despotism
If I have read history aright, it was not the
luxurious and effeminate Roman of the later and
slaveholding empire who bore the unconquered
eagles over the burning sands of Lybia and the
frozen regions of the North, but the hardy,indus-
trious, virtuous Roman of " the brave days of
old;"and the slaveholder has read Roman history
to little profit who has forgotten that a Thracian
gladiator, at the head of sixty thousand slaves,
slaughtered the mightiest armies of Rome,driving
back consul after consul in defeat and disgrace,
and threatened with his victorious arms the very
gates of the seven-hilled city heiself; that the
cities of Italy were plundered and burned, and
