THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 7,
her Inroad fields left a sea of blackened desolation;
that, looking abroad from her hills, such a scene
of smoking ruins was beheld as the world will
never see again until the hordes of Africa are
driven, by intolerable cruelty, to take arms against
their oppressors. Nor can gentleman forget, who
have studied the downfall of that Roman empire,
that slavery antl luxury, having corrupted and
destroyed and eaten out the vitals of the empire,
plunged her into the darkness of the middle ages;
and it is left for our day, while the blessings of
slavery are being commended to us in the Con-
gress.of the United States, to witness the great
apostle ofmodern liberty and equality (Garabaldi)
reestablishing theunity of Italy, and reviving, with
their divine' spirit, the desolate fields of Rome.
. jSir, the sentiment of union is strong in this
country; but.the sentiment of liberty, thank God,
is stronger. We desire union; but we will have
liberty; arid we are determined, come union or
disunion, to retain and reemblazon the old em-
blems; bring back the old courage; revive the old
virtues of public faith, honesty, and integrity.
"VVe will preserve what we can of our glorious
inheritance; and if we must look upon a dismem-
bered and broken Confederacy, still
 {< we will press
Tlie golden cluster of our brave old flag
In closer union; and, it numbering lc>^,
Brighter shall shine the stars which still remain."
Mr. VANDEVER obtained the floor.
A Member. It is now near the hour for taking
a recess.
* Mr. VANDEVER. If the House will agree
to it, I would prefer that my remarks should be
iro&tpcmed' until to-morrow.
YMr. JENKINS. I hope we will not adjourn.
The gentleman must take his chance with other
members about getting the floor.
Mr. VANDEVER. But a short while remains
before the hour for taking a recess, and 1 do not
care to go on,and after making a few remarks be
compelled to yield the floor to recommence thorn
in the evening session.
Mr. PRYOR. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
Mr. JENKINS. If we adjourn now, it will not
be until this evening but until to-morrow.
The question was taken, and the House refused
to adjourn.
Mr. VANDEVER. Several gentlemen desire
to have some small matters of business brought
to the attention of the House, which will occupy
the time up to the hour for a recess; and 1 will,
■with the consent of the House, yield to them for
that purpose.
There was no objection.
FUAKKXXG I'ltlYILEOE.
Mr. VALLANDlGHAM. Mr. Speaker, at
the last session of Congress the bill relating to the
franking privilege was postponed to the fourth
Tuesday of December. The bill is printed, and
the report accompanying it is also printed. As
the chairman of the select committee on the sub-
ject, I am ready to have that bill taken up, and
considered. I give this notice, because, at the
last session, there were intimations that the pur-
pose of sending the bill to a select committee was
to suppress it. That was not the put pose. Good
faith now requires that 1 should notify the llouso
that 1 am ready, at any time, to bring up the ques-
tion, and have rt disposed of, if that be the desire
of members.
LIEUTENANT T. A. M. CRAVEN.
Mr.WINSLOW. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to take up Senate joint resolu-
tion No. 58, authorizing Lieutenant T. A. M.
Craven, United States jSTavy, to receive certain
marks of distinction tendered to him by the Span-
ish Government, that it may be put on its pas-
sage. It is right and proper that the resolution
should be passed.
There was no objection; and the resolution was
taken up.
The resolution, which was read by the Cleik,
authorizes Lieutenant T. A. M. Craven to accept
from the Spanish Government a medal and di-
ploma, tendered in acknowledgment of services
rendered by him to the seamen of the Spanish
vessel Bella, wrecked on Cayo Unicos, in June
last.
, The resolution was ordered to be read a third
time; and, being lead ih<3 third time, it was passed.
JOHN WILSON.
Mr. MAYNARD. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to take up and put on its pas-
sage a joint resolution in favor of John Wilson,
reported by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Hutchins,] from the Committee of Claims
The Clerk read the resolution, as follows:
Resolved, That the Clerk of the Flouse pay to John Wil-
son, out of the contingent fund of the House, for his ser-
vices in superintending and directing the preparation of the
map*? of the land States, tor the use of the Committee on
Public Lands, oiderud by resolution of the House of May
4,1848, at the rate of $l,f>U0 per annum, ftom May 4,1848,
to January 14, 1852, during which tnne lie was engaged in
that seiviee.
Mr. BURNETT. I object to that resolution.
There is no merit in it. Wilson was paid his
regular salary, and he is not entitled to more, un-
less this House is resolved to pay double salaries.
WILLIAM B. DODD AND OTHERS.
Mr. ALDRJCH. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House that the Committee of the Whole
House on the Private Calendar be discharged from
the further consideration of House bill No. 732,
for the relief of William B. Dodd and others, and
that it. be referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs. There is some new evidence that ought
to be looked into.
There was no objection; and it was ordered
accordingly.
TTALSE stamps, etc.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House that the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union be discharged from the
further consideration of House bill No. 330, to pre-
vent and punish frauds in the use of false stamps,
brands, labels, or TVadc marks, in order that it
may be put on its passage.
Mr. BURNETT. Congress has no power to
legislate for the States on that subject. I object.
Mr. MOREHEID. Other gentlemen who
who thought so have, after examination, with-
drawn their opposition.
Mr. BURNETT. I cannot withdraw my ob-
jection until the form of our Government is
changed.
COLLECTION 01? REVENUE, ETC.
Mr. SICKLES. I ask unanimous consent to
introduce a resolution identical in terms with the
one 1 offered on Monday week, calling for inform-
ation from the Treasury Department, which was
rendered more than ever necessary by the dis-
cussion which took place between the gentleman
from North Carolina [Mr. "YVinslow] and my-
self tiie other day. it will tend to give official
information in reference to matters about which
there are a great many unreliable newspaper
rumors.
The Clerk read the resolution, as follows:
-ftfso/rcrf.That the Secretary of the Trcasuiy b'3 loqucsted
to iniorm tins House wheihei the duties on unpoits con-
tinue to he collected in tin* poit.s of cntiy established by
law in the States ot South Carolina, Georgia, Alabama,
LmiiMauft. and I'loi ida; and whether any hindiances exist
to the law ol entry and clearing of vessels therein. Al?o,
the juevent condition of the lijjht-hoti.ses, beacons, and
biio\x in the --,;ud hai inn* and adjacent w ati>i . Also, wiiat
inea-me^, if any, have been taken to >eeuie the levenue
ve^ols in the seiViee of the Depaitinent from setzme, or
t-> recover po^^esmon ot Mieh a-i have been seized. ANo,
what me,lilies have been adopted foi the secutuy of the
p<i!)!ie moneys in the hands ol depo.-iuuie<< m the a!orei-aid
States, and whether they rue available to the Tiea-uiy.
AUo, whether the u-i> ami eontiol of any of the marine
hospitals, pc-imancnt or tempoiaty, have been mteifered
with, and what pioeeedmg* have been adopted wuh icler-
<;nce thereto,
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. I object.
Mr. SICKLES. If we are not allowed to get '
official information, then we must not be blamed j
if we rely on the best information we can get. I ;
give notice that on Monday next I will endeavor !
to get a suspension of the rules for the purpose of j
introducing that resolution. |
JOHN ROGERS, j
Mr. STOKES. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to allow me to make a report from i
the Committee on Invalid Pensions. I can ex- ,
plain it in a moment, and I am satisfied that every j
I member upon this floor will agree to pass the bill. I
1 The bill (H. R. No. 924) granting an invalid |
pension to J ohn Rogers, of Tennessee, was read
for information. It directs the Secretary of the j
Interior to place the name of John Rogers on the j
pension roll of the United States, at the rate of I
eight dollars per month, from the 1st of January,
1861, during his natural life.
Mr. WASHBURNE, oflllinois. How many
children has he ? [Laughter.]
Mr. STOKES. lie has several children.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Then he
ought to have bis pension.
No objection being made, the bill was received.
Mr. STOKES. I move to amend the bill by
striking out "eight," and inserting "six;" so
that the pension shall be six dollars per month.
Mr. BURNETT. I did not hear when the pen-
sion is to commence.
Mr. STOKES. On the 1st of January, 1861.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed, and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. STOKES moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also? moved to lay
the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CHITTENDEN COMPROMISE.
Mr. HARRIS, of Virginia, by unanimous con-
sent, presented the petition of sundry citizens of
the county of Rockingham, praying for the adop-
tion by Congress of the Crittenden compromise
resolutions; which was laid on the table.
THOMAS II. BAIRD.
Mr. McKNIGHT. I ask the House to take
up, and put upon its passage, asmall private bill.
The biil (H. R. No. 836) for the relief of
Thomas H. JBaird, administrator of Dr. Absalom
Baird,, deceased, was read for information. It
directs the Secretary of the Treasury to readjust
the settlement made with Thomas H. Baird, ad-
ministrator of Dr. Absalom Baird, under an act
of Congress approved August 18, 1856, and pay
Thomas H. Baird any amount withheld from him
on formersettlements,in consequence of a balance
standing on the books of the Treasury against
Thomas H. Baird and George Baird.
Mr. McKNIGHT. One word in explanation
of that bill.
Mr. BURNETT. The gentleman need not ex-
plain. This is one of those revolutionary cfaims
winch will be included in the bill which was
reported this morning.
Mr. McKNIGHT. I have the floor.
Mr. BURNETT. I object to the bill being
taken up.
Mr. McKNIGHT. I should suppose the gen-
tleman, as a matter of courtesy, after what he
told mo the other day, would allow me a moment
for explanation.
Mr. BURNETT. I have no objection to the
gentleman's making an explanation.
Mr. McKNIGHT. This is a much stronger
case than the one mentioned in the report, in
which Attorney General Black gave an opinion.
This is a case in which the heirs were allowed
^25,000. They have been paid all but $5,000; and
the Department undertook to set against that a
claim against one of the executors. Of course,
that is illegal. The amount is due under an act
of Cong less. There is a balance in the Treasury;
but the present Secretary said he had no right to
review the decision of his predecessor, though he
had no doubt if was wrong. And Attorney Gen-
eral Black said that it was clear that the Depart-
ment had no risrht to offset that claim. 1 hope,
therefore, there will be no objection to taking up
the bill.
The SPEAKER. Is objection made?
Mr. BURNETT. I made an objection, in the
most unmistakable language.
The House then took a reccss until seven
o'clock, p. m.
EVENING SESSION.
The House resumed its session at seven o 'clock,
p. m., (Mr. Niblack in the chair as Speaker^ro
tempore,) and continued the consideration of the
special order, being the report of the committee
of thi ty-three on the disturbed condition of the
country.
Mr. CAREY Mr. Speaker, in this great and
important crisis of our country's history, I have
felt it my duty to make a few rem.11 ks, j,i order
that my constituents may understand precisely
where £ stand upon this important question. "I
have thought I could communicate with them in
