1861.1
APPENDIX TO THE CON G RESSi ON A h : (3LOBE.
36tii Cong....2b Sess.
State of the Union—Mr. Morris,
-Ho. of Reps.
fincc on their part for the preservation of the
Union. Secession is nothing else than a declara-
tion of war against the Union; and if it is met by
a hostile response from the Federal Government,
the plotters of treason must be held for the con-
sequences.
It would be strange, indeed, if the United States,
alone of a!J the Governments that have flourished
from the beginning of history, had not a right to
defend its own existence. The right which every
man has to protect his own life, is denied to it. It
must permit the forts, arsenals, and navy-yards,
the property of the nation, and designed for the
protection of the people of all the States, to be
plundered and perverted to the uses of separate
States, without making an effort to prevent this
wholesale spoliation. If the Capitol of the Re-
publicis menaced by an armed invasion of traitors,
the regular Army cannot be summoned to us de-
fense without wounding the sensibilities of these
pseudo-patriots, who seem to look upon the Fed-
eral Government as having no individuality what-
soever, and as existing only at the will of the States,
any one of which may defy its authority, and
plunder its property with'impunity If such ideas
be correct, then the Federal Government is no
Government at all, for it wants the first element
of a Government—the power to repel aggression,
and vindicate its dignity and independence. It
lives by sufferance: and cannot be relied on, if
such reasoning be true, to protect either the lives
or properties of those who live tinder it. It has
the outward form and featuies of a Government;
but it is a lifeless skeleton—a mere image of po-
litical vigor.
Such was not the kind of Government our an-
cestors aimed to establish, or they would have
remained satisfied with the feeble systems it sup-
planted. Experience had taught them that they
could neither attain a respectable position among
the nations of the world, nor secure prosperity
and security at home, but through the instrument-
ality of a strong Government. For this reason,
the Executive was invested with an authority,
almost equal to that of some of the sovereigns of
constitutional monarchies, and the States surren-
dered to the Federal Government their most cher-
ished prerogatives They never dreamed that the
Government they constructed could be reduced
to such a helpless condition as that in which the
advocates of secession seek to place the Federal
Government, bound hand and foot, without the
power to ward off the blows directed against it.
It may be coerced into subordination to the pur-
poses of the States, but it cannot, enforce its au-
thority according to the forms of the Constitution.
It must submit to every sortof outiagein silence,
and with a meek and patient spirit, however
grievous the wrong perpetrated, or contemptible
the assailant. It must consent to its own degra-
dation, and to the dishonor of the American name,
and to the destruction ofevery semblance of Amer-
ican nationality; and all because one or more
States, under the inspiration of a depraved polit-
ical ambition, seek its destruction for their own
disloyal and selfish purposes. If all this be so,
Mr. Speaker, the career of this Government is at
an end; it has ceascd to have any vital power;
and the sooner it is abolished in name, as it is in
reality, the better,
But, sir, J cannot believe that-the people of the
United States are ready for the sacrifice of this,
the best system of national Government ever de-
vised by human wisdom. Us voluntary over-
throw by the American people would be thegreat-
est national suicide ever committed; it would be
an act of political insanity without a parallel.
Had it redounded to our injury, had i\ cramped
the energies, fettered the growth, and obstructed
the moral and material progress of the nation,
there might be some excuse for the ficnzicd hos-
tility lateiy manifested against it. But when, on
the contrary, it has done more for the people who
have lived under it than any other government i
since the origin of history, mukingusatthe same
time the freest and most prosperous people on the
face of the earth, and m less than the average
term of human life raising us to the front rank of
nations, its destruction cannot otherwise be re-
garded than as an act of supreme madness and
folly. A people who would wiihngly tear down
such a Government, or consent to its overthrow.
are not worthy of liberty, for they would mani-
fest themselves incapable of appreciating its en-
joyment under its best form. They would have
lost that passion for constitutional liberty, to
which the Government owes its origin, and which
marked the history of our ancestors, whose sac-
rifices in the sacred cause of human rights have
never been surpassed in any age or country. If
the American Constitution is now to perish, it
cannot be said of it that it owed its ruin to its
failure as a political system, for history will re-
cord that its success was perfect. Such was its
success that it revolutionized the world by the
force of its example, and gave ail impulse to the
causc of freedom that will be felt to the remotest
period of time. Great will be the crimc? of those
who are implicated in the overthrow of such a
beneficent Government, the source of precious
blessings to themselves and the world, the great
political light of the age, the ark in which rest the
hopes of mankind. Amid its ruins, in darkness
and despair, they will bemoan their own infatua-
tion, and heap curses on the heads of the wicked
men who undermined the edifice of American
liberty.
We are told, sir. however, in a melo-dramatic
style, that this is a contest between liberty and
despotism—the latter being represented by the
Federal Government, and the former by the se-
ceding States. For my part, I have always un-
derstood that the Constitution of the United States
was the concentration of all the elements of lib-
erty scattered throughout the constitutions of an-
cientand modern Governments; that it was the very
essence of well-regulated, popularliberty. Toim-
age this, the fundamental idea of the Constitution,
we are soon to crown this magnificent structure
that is rising above our heads with the statue of
Liberty. Before we have raised this embodiment
of American political sentiment, we are told that
we worship at a false shrine; that the Government
which we owe to the valor and wisdom of the great
men of the Revolution is not worthy of our affec-
tions; that it is an engine of tyranny and oppres-
sion. It may be, sii, that both the world and our-
selves have been deceived as to the real character
of this Government, and that all the prodigies
ascribed to it are due to some other cause; but if
it be so* it will be the most astonishing hallucina-
tion that ever infected the mind of man. 1 rather
think that they arc laboring under a mental blind-
ness who cannot see and acknowledge what all
the world is conscious of. It is not the first time
that the names of things have been perverted; that
good has b^en made bad, and bad good; that lib-
erty has been called despotism, and despotism lib-
erty. The proceedings in the seceding States do
not certainly show much respectforlaw and order,
the bases on which rest all liberty. The hanging
of men on suspicion,and at the hucand cry of an
excited multitude; the tarring and feathering of
others on secret denunciation, and without any
show of justice; the seizure and plunder of the
Federal forts and arsenals, do not look like the
acts of men who have learned to respect the rights
and propeity of others, and to submit to the re-
straints of law. They rather indicate a disposi-
tion to set up passion in place of reason; to install
mob violence m the place of judicial justice; and
to trample down the first principles of political
liberty.
What has the Federal Government done to jus-
tify these assaults onitsexistence? Has it proved
false to its obligations? Has it invaded the rights
of the States, or used its powers oppressively and
to the injury of the people of the seceding States?
No allegation of this kind is made; and in vain
may we seek for any provocation on its part. A
fugitive slave law has been enacted,the stringent
provisions of which fulfill every requirement of
the Constitution. It has in every case been suc-
cessfully enforced, though often at great expense,
and at the point of the bayonet. Repugnant as
it is to the feelings of a large proportion of the
people of the Worth, it has been submitted to, and
no slave has been wrested from the grasp of Fed-
eral authority. The invasion of a slave State for
the purpose of exciting a servile insurrection was
promptly put down by Federal troops; and the
vwhoie military and naval power of the Republic
would be employed to suppress such movements
in the slave States. Slavery, as it exists in the
I States, enjoys a guarantee under the Federal Con-
1 stitution such as it-can receive from no othersource.
With its destruction, the institution of slavery
will receive a shock that must seriously affect the
value of slave property; impairing, as it will, its-
security, by the loss of the powerful protection
it once enjoyed. In the event of a division of the
free and slave States into two separate confeder-
ations, s4aves escaping from the latter into the
former would not be restored. This wouig leati
to great losses, as the certainty of freedom would
constantly stimulate them to flight into the free
States.
Disunion, sooner or latdr, through one means
or another, would lead to the ruin of the slave
States. They would be surrounded on all sides
by free States; for, it is not to be supposed that
Mexico would ever join a slave State confedera-
tion after having abolished slavery on its own'soil.
Slave labor could not thus be transported from the
exhausted lands of the cotton States to contiguous
regions fresh in soil and of congenial productions.
The slave States now form part of a Government
which commands the respect of the world by its
power and^ its energy and its free institutions.
An exclusively slave State confederacy would
constitute an exception to all other Governments
in this age of the world. It would not enhst the
sympathiesoftheleadingStatesof Europe, averse,
as they are known to be, to the extension, and
existence even, of negro slavery. It could not be
formidable in power, owing to the division of its
population into free and slave, the latter in all
probability preponderating. Being almost exclu-
sively a planting and agricultural community, it
would want that diversity of pursuits and inter-
ests which make a nation rich and powerful. It
could not have within itself all the elements of
material independence, as the United States now
possesses, and which enable it to treat on a foot-
ing of equality with other leading nations. It
would necessarily occupyadependentand inferior
position among the community of nations. Its
citizens would not, consequently, be animated by
that national pride that naturally belongs to the
members of a first class power, like that of tire
United States of North America; nor would they
enjoy such a protection as that which is derived
from a Government whose power is known and
feared throughout the world.
In an economical point of view, the advantages
of secession arc yet less discernible. The Gov-
ernment of the united States is the cheapest in
the world, and carried on with less expense than
any other, to its people. Supported almost en-
tirely by the revenue from customs, it imposes no
perceptible burdens on the people. It is, indeed,
sir, next to impossible for any one to say how
much he contributes to the support of the Fed-
eral Government. Were the average revenue of
$60,000,000 derived from customs, divided among
the whole population, it would only amount to a
tax of two dollars per head For all this, the citi-
zen receives the protection of a Government whose
flag is honored and respected m the most remote
regions of the world. For this light burden—if
indeed it be actually imposed on him at all—he is
entitled to have the whole military and naval force
of the country arrayed in his defense or for the
redress of his wrongs, no matter in what distant
quarter of the globe he may have suffered insult,
outrage, or pecuniary spoliation from other Pow-
ers. The title of American citizen, at the present
day, wherever asserted, in the semi-barbarous
kingdoms of the East, or among the Christian
States of Europe, secuies for him who bears it
an immunity from wrong equal to that which the
title of Roman citizen carried with it when the
ancient mistress of the world was at the height
of her power and glory. Are the people of the
seceding States—I mean, sir, the people, not the
venal and selfish politicians—ready to sacrifice the
privilege of citizenship of this great Republic, with
all its appurtenant prerogatives, and to sink into
citizens of a small and feeble confederacy? Are
they ready to surrender the stars and stripes, with
all the hallowed traditions that surround them,
and to supplant that standard of freedom and vic-
tory with one unknown to fame, and which never
can secure for itself that moral power which, like
a halo, envelopes the flag of the Union ? I cannot
believe that all pride in our past history, and in
