800
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 7.
counties and townships ? You find a rush of peo-
ple for office—people who would like to live with-
out labor. And this great element of evil in the
country is not even hinted at. There is not a de-
partment of this Government to-day that is not
expending more than double the amount that is
necessary to have its business faithfully per-
formed. You are multiplying from year to year,
and from month wrmonth, the number of em-
ployes, and are at the same time increasing then-
compensation. Recollect that these expenditures
are abstracted from the labor of the country.
But we are cheated by demagogues and politi-
cians. When a man comes to me and begins to
tell me how religious he is, I take it at once that
he is a hypocrite. If another comes and tells me
he is a very honest man, I will watch him. And
when a man says he loves the people most aw-
fully, I regard him as a demagogue, and a dema-
gogue is no better than a horse-thief. That is my
conception of this thing. Now I ask you to go
to work like honest men, North and South, and
put down these demagogues. Strike right at them,
and tell them they are villains. Tell your neigh-
bors that these men are villains, and that they are
trying to ruin the country. That is the way to
talk about them. That is the way I will talk and
act. I do not want to see a drop of blood shed
in this conflict. I am not much of a warrior, and
do not want to indulge in bravado.
The expenditures of the Government are over
seventy pillion dollars a year. The moment the
party that controlled the patronage of the Gov-
ernment saw the handwriting on the wall, then
they began to threaten secession. They threat-
ened to break up the Government, and then to go
for a reconstruction. I wish some learned man
would tell me the distinction between treason and
secession, for I confess I cannot see that any such
distinction exists.
Mr. Speaker, there is a great deal of importance
attached to this question, and there is very good
reason for it. It is an important question; but
we are not staring that question fairly in the face.
The first thing that this Congress should have
done, when Unassembled last December, was to
require the paily in power to answer to the coun-
try for their conduct. We should not have allowed
oarselvce to be drawn out of the line of our duty for
the purpose of pacifying these traitors. Ifthegen-
tlemen from the border States would talk as the
gentleman from Maryland [Mr. Davis] did to-
day, two weeks would not elapse until these trai-
tors Would be trembling m their shoes. He said
that he would meet revolution with revolution. If
these men were only mot with a proper spirit,
they would be easily put down, for men are never
brave when they are engaged in a bad cause.
Now, I return to the consideration of the coun-
try in regard to expenditures. I have been pay-
ing some atiention to this thing; and I ask gentle-
men who are expecting lo have retrenchment and
reform in the Government to look at it. Walking
here east of this Capitol, and near tiie Treasury
Department, 1 see an immense quantity of gran-
ite and marble—more than could be worked up m
twenty years. When I came to inquire into the
matter, 1 was not much surprised at the quantity
of stone there, for I learned that this stone eost
two dollars per cubic foot, wild*- the actual eost
was ninety cents; so that here was $1 1" of steal-
ings from the Government in eveiy cubic foot out
of this contract; and there are millions and mil-
lions of cubic feet. That explains it. They can-
not hide that. It shows its face all over the
country. But that is a mere sample of what is
going on in the country.
Statesmen and scholars arc very likely to look
over the heads of the masses of the world. They
are for science, literature, and the aits, for mag-
nificence. That is what these gentlemen are now
trying to build up a southern government for.
They desire to build up a magnificent government
of which they can have the control. They rare
nothing more about the masses of the people or
the rights of mankind than do the nabobs of the
North, if you please; and while they have any
hope of success, you can never remove the diffi-
culties that lie in the way of the pacification of
oui troubles. Sir, slavery does not expand the
human heart. You have got toiequire eveiy man
to act well his part before you can ever secure
any stability to the institutions of the country.
Let me tell you that all good Governments are
founded upon principle. Every principle has its
law; and when any man violates that law he must
take the consequences. It is a law in Govern-
ments as in plants, that the greater the rapidity
with which they grow into maturity the sooner
will they go to destruction. That Government is
most stable and enduring which commences with
the practice of economy, and which is built up with
labor. Such a Government cannot boast of mag-
nificence, but it will be one of much greater en-
durance than one Which has been built up in
magnificence. The progress of Governments is
precisely like that of men. They first seek and
are satisfied with the necessaries of life, then the
conveniences of life, then the luxuries of life, and
then the magnificencies of life. Every Govern-
ment which mns to extravagance with the rapid-
ity with which this Government has gone on, will
soon become so coriupt that*like many of the
Governments of the Old World, it can only be
maintained by force of arms. Such has been the
history of many of the despotisms of the Old
World.
Mr. Speaker, 1 will now proceed to another sub-
ject—not a new one by any means, but connected
with the one I have been discussing. I have in-
timated what my views are upon the subject of
slavery. It never should have been the subject
of so much contention. Why, I ask you, is it
necessary for a Territory, which, when it comes
to form a State government, must be left to its
own discretion as to what it shall be, and what it
shall have, to be made the subject of contention
and controversy ? If we had never made any com-
promises, gentlemen would see that there would
never have been any broken compromises.
Mr. Speaker, in my judgment, all the difficul-
ties which now environ the country have grown
out of the evasion and failure on the pavtof Con-
gress to perform its proper duties. The Congress
of the United States, when the Constitution has
established the mode and manner by which a
question is to be settled, has no business what-
ever with that question. If you want to make a
change in your Government, make itby changing
the Constitution. Butl ask you, and I ask the coun-
try, whether the. people of this nation are at this
time in the proper spirit to enter upon the work
of remodeling this most sacred and time-honored
instrument? I submit to you that this is no time
to commence the work of patching up the Con-
stitution. The very moment you commence to
mend it, you begin to make it ragged. I do not
care how ingeniously the work is done. The very
attempt to mend wears the fabric oftentimes, ami
does more injury than it would sutler by letting
it alone. [ look upon the Constitution as too
sacred an instrument to be lightly tampered with.
I look with no favor upon any proposed amend-
ment to the Constitution; and lam now especially
averse to it, when there is no question at issue
that cannot be settled, if gentlemen would only
bring their feelings to those of reasonable men.
Wliene'ver men find themselves cut loose from
time-honored restrictions and institutions, it very
often happens that nothing will govern them but
the point of the bayonet. "The very momentthat
you tell your people that you are going to break
up tiie Constitution that was made by our fathers,
you will find yon have very much distracted and
weakened the Government. They have faith in
the Constitution, for the very reason that it was
made by the. fathers, in whom they have confi-
dence. They have tried it, and in every instance
it hasproved sufficient for the end for which it was
designed. Oh, Mr. Speaker, I wish to God 11 wish
from the bottom of my soul, that we could take
this people back to the condition in which they
were when this unfortunate agitation commenced
—the agitation of the proposition to destroy the
] compromise made between the people of the North
I and the South upon this absorbing question. Yes,
sir, J would to God I could induce them to move
backward to that point! When men come before
their constituents, and say they have made a solemn
| compact, which they have had the full benefit of,
; and nowthatitis jnstabout to operate for the ben-
Jl eiitof the other party to the compact, and therefore
:l they seize hold of a legal technicality and say that
;j they will violate all the stipulations of that com-
II pact, and will regard it as null and void, I say it
!j is time that we should return back to the spirit of
jj the men who mode the compact.
ji No one ever rimmed the right to take slaves into
the Territories until the year 1847. Mr. Calhoun
then said, in a resolution which he presented in
the Senate of the United States, that ho believed
they had that right. The resolution was pre-
sented; and, after an elaborate discussion in the
Senate, by that able, talented, and I am willing
to say good man, it was brought to a vote, and
received the votes of four southern Senators and
the vote of Franklin Fierce, of New Hampshire.
And, sir, the vote of Mr. Pierce upon that reso-
lution made him President of the United States.
He gave his vote with that of Mr. Calhoun upon
that abstract question; and he was the only north-
ern Senator who so voted. When, in the Balti-
more presidential nominating convention of 1859,
you-recollect, at the close of a long struggle, the-
' ' in was about to break up without making
a nominptiofflnthe Virginia delegation retired from
the hall for the purpose of consultation. Look-
ing to this vote, they believed Mr. Fierce was
the very man to suit their purposes. He was
nominated; he was elected; and when he came
into power, he solemnly piomised the country,
in his inaugural address, that he would not inter-
fere with the compromises that had been made
upon the subject of slavery only two years and a
half previous. Yet he was scarcely well settled in
the White House before an attack was made upon
the venerable compromise of 1820. Thus has the
South advanced step by step in its progress of
power.
Senator Hunter said, a few years ago, that when
he came here in 1854, there was a portion of the
southern people who believed they had a right to
carry their slaves into the Territories. He was
among that portion. They found their northern
friends were not willing to accede to this doctrine;
but they were willing to repeal the Missouri com-
promise, for the purpose of allowing southern
men to carry their slaves north of the line of 36°
30'. Then the tempter came. They sweptaway
that time-honored compact; and look at the con-
sequences. There is not a Democrat now, North
or South, who does not say the slaveholder has a-
right to carry his slave into any of the Territories
of the Union. Now, when did they acquire that
right' Where is there anything in the Constitu-
tion of the United States that guaranties that right?
Who has ever attempted to find it,up to this time?
The next step very naturaliy followed. They
wanted Congress to protect their slave property
in tiie Territories. And if this Government holds
together, it will not be ten years before they de-
mand the right to carry their slaves anywhere
they please, within the limits of the Union.
Now, sir, I appeal again to gentlemen of all
patties tostand by this Government, and not per-
mit it to be broken up by demagogues. It puts
me in mind of the crises which sometimes occur
in our monetary affairs; and I have some very
curious information on the subject, which I have
derived from conversations with merchants, bank-
ers, and others. It occurred to me as passing
strange thatmen in business never pay their debts
when money is plenty, and they can do so with
ease. And there is the point in this whole thing.
If men would pay their debts when money is
plenty, there would be no criscs in the country.
Men never will pay their debts when money is
plenty; but put them off fiom day to day until
there is a stringency in the money-market, and
money becomes valuable, and then they are com-
pelled to pay, while property of all kinds is de-
preciated, and of course failure and serious em-
barrassment ensues. Here is the secret, Mr.
Speaker, of the bankruptcies that have from time
to time startled our people. Instead of caution
and promptness, there is a fast, young-America
feeling which pushes us into all the evils under
which we labor. Too many persons, it appears
to me, are trying to live at the expense of some-
body else than themselves. There is the great
trouble. If it were better known, perhaps it would
be remedied.
I will now say a few words on a subject that
has been much discussed in this House—I mean
slavery in the States where it is now established.
I think those who know me, Mr. Speaker, will ac-
knowledge I have frankness and honesty enough
to declare, upon this and all other questions, that
which I believe. Gentlemen from the South,
again and again, here and elsewhere, allege that
the North are determined to interfere with slavery
in the States. .That we have fanatics and mad-
