w
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 30.
3-6th Cong. ... 2d Sess.
State of the Union—Mr. Morris.
Ho. of Beps.
our present position, as chief among the nations,
exerting the greatest influence on the fortunes of
the human family, is extinguished amofig the peo-
ple of the cotton States, I choose rather, sir, to
behove that the heart of the genuine people there
is yet pound, and that American patriotism burns
in their hearts with as pure a flame as ever. They
piay be deceived for a time by unscrupulous pol-
iticians, and be involved i a the meshes-of intrigue
.to such a degree that it may be difficult for them
to extricate themselves; but, sooner or later, when
they' realize the folly of the experiment they have
been induced to make by corrupt political leaders,
their loyalty to the Union will revive in all its
original intensity.
If free trade is to be the policy of the secession
government, after it shall have dispensed with the
provisional adoption of the Constitution of the
United States, and established a new and perma-
nent system, direct taxation must be the only
means of government support. From thissource
alone must the army and navy expenditures be
sustained, and they will cost at least, per annum,
fifteen or twenty million dollars. Then, there will
be the heavy cost of the civil list, and the diplo-
matic establishment, &c., making in all, for a
mixed population of white and black of little more
than four million, an annual expenditure of at
least $30,000,000. All this must be raised by a
capitation and property tax, affecting alike the
rich and the poor, and reaching the pockets of
every man, however humble in condition and poor
in means. Men who have lived under the Gov-
ernment of the United States, participating in all
its invaluable privileges, and its simulating influ-
ence on individual and national prosperity, with-
out the consciousness of being taxed for its sup-
poit, will not long remain contented under an
expensive system like that proposed in the cotton
States, die burdens of which will rest oppress-
ively on every man's shoulders in th.e commu-
nity. They will not fail to institute unfavorable
comparisons between the economical Government
which their political leaders assumed to renounce
in their name, but without their express author-
ity, and that under which they are so heavily
taxed. The great revolutions have arisen from
this very cause, and many a strong-set throne anil
ancient political systertt has been suddenly over-
turned by a people vexed and harassed by the
burdensome taxation ofan extravagant and costly
Government. When a man finds that the hard-
earned fruits of his industry are seriously en-
croached on by his rulers, and that he is obliged
to sui render to the Government what is necessary
to the comfort and independence of his family, a
spirit of discontent is kindled in the general mass
of the community, which, when feast expected,
breaks forth with volcanic fury,carrying desola-
tion and destruction before it, ana uprooting
everything in its path.
To <*uard against these discontents, or to repress
them, it will be necessary to limit the right of suf-
frage, and confine it to the larger property-hold-
ers. Here will be another invidious point of con-
trast between the United States and the secession
confederacy. The poor man will recollect that
in the former, so far as individual influence affected
the national destiny through the ballot-box, his
suffrage was us potential as that of the most favored
son of fortune. He will remember how his in-
fluence was courted in the popular forum; how
his individuality was felt by himself and recog-
nized by others. To be deprived of such a pi iv-
ilege — to he denied the power of bestowing or
holding political station — will sink him in his
own estimation, and reduce him to the level of a
feudal serf. Goaded to desperation by importu-
nate tax-gatherers, and bereft of the first attributes
of an American freeman, he will not remain in a
country where every day he grows poorer, and is
exposed to new vexations and insults. Tempted
by the cheap lands of the West, the promising
future that is held out to every one under the Uni-
ted States Government, and by the dignity and
equality of its citizenship, he will gather his fam-
ily around him, and again seek shelter beneath
the Government of his forefathers. We shall see
a continual exodus of the poor white population
from the southern confederacy into the United
States territory, if its political institutions shall he
what its projectors design them to be. With no
incoming tide of emigration to supply the waste
of this outward movement, how rapidly and surely
must the secession States decline in power, pros-
perity, wealth, and consequence!
Why, then, venture on such a dangerous ex-
periment? [They want a stronger government,
said Mr. Nelson, of Tennessee.] "A stronger
government," says my eloquent and Union-lov-
ing friend from Tennessee. What stronger Gov-
ernment can they desire than one which rests on
the popular affections, which is controlled by the
popular will, and lives and moves for the well-being
of the people,vto whose breath it owes.all its vital-
ity? There can be no stronger Government than
that of the United States, unless it be one that is
founded* on brute force. Our's is based on public
opinion, which can fashion it to its own purposes,
and which, it is to be presumed, having such a
foundation, can never be perverted to the general
injury. It hasstood firm and unshaken amid the
political tempests which have swept, like an Asi-
atic typhoon, ovei the Old World, uprooting the
most ancient and solid political structures. Pub-
lic opinion has fluctuated like the waves of the sea.
changing, fiom time to time, its policy, but never
varymgas to the duty and necessity of maintain-
ing it unimpaired in its primitive vigor. Political
parties have risen and fallen, and fierce has been
the strife for power and place between them; but
the Constitution has stood, like u solid column,
immovable on its deep-set base. There aie those
who, uninsti uoted by the lessons of history, still
persist in the opinion that mankind are more ef-
fectually controlled by brute force than by moral
force. It may be that the founders of the pro-
jected government in the cotton States are of this
class; and it would seem that they are, to judge
them by their sneers on the weakness of the
Federal Government.
They are disgusted with the vulgarity of a Gov-
ernment over which the profanum vulgm have an
equal control with the more wealthy and refined.
Its simplicity is significant of imbecility, rather
than of strength, to these political empirics. Their
idea of political power is represented by physical
force—by bayonets, standing armies, and by all
the pomp and circumstance of military parade that
surrounds the thrones of Europe. Their nostrils
are offended by too near a contact with the dem-
ocratic masses, and they sigh for the divinity that
hedges a king; for a condition of things in which
the many shall be subject to the rule of the few;
in which the masses shall be the soft, easy cush-
ions on which political sluggards and knaves may
repose and fatten. Do they lay the flattering unc-
tion to their souls that a people brefl up under
the perfect freedom of t he American Constitution
to a sense of political equality, and to the untram-
melod use of their moral faculties, can ever be
persuaded or forced into such a system of Gov-
ernment, so directly in conflict with the spirit of
republican institutions ? Never! never! sir, will
a people, who have once enjoyed liberty, in all
the plenitude that we possess it, willingly part
with it; or, having been inveigled into its surren-
der for a time, long remain passive beneath the
iron heel of demagogic despotism ? None appre-
ciate liberty so keenly as they who, having once
possessed it,havelostit. Nonecherishthe blessed
light of day with such rapturous zest as those
whose orbs, once refulgent with its vivifying
beams, have been sealed in darkness. A Govern-
ment, founded m fear of the people, in this age,
and m this hemisphere, will have a short-lived
duration. The popular mass may be buried be-
neath the superincumbent weight of despotic oli-
garchy; but, like the fabled giant Enccladus,
beneath the Sicilian mountain, its struggling
throes will shake the woild to its center by its
convulsive movements'for liberty.
Fear of the people, Mr. Speaker, is the first sign
of a despotic temper. And has not this cowardly
passion already exhibited itself in a most striking
manner in the conduct of the secession leaders?
They have notdared, in a single instance, to sub-
mit their ordinances of secession to the judgment
of the sovereign people. They cither insolently
defy the popular will, or they justly fear that the
people, possessing more loyalty than themselves
to the Union, would chastise their usurped au-
thority with signal condemnation. They set them-
selves above the people; they presume to dictate
to them, and to impose on them such a form of
government as they choose. If they can estab-
lish, of their own free will, any political system,
as they seem to think, without consultation with
the people on whom it is imposed, they can create
a despotism, or monarchy, as well as a bastard
republic. Iiow does all this timid shrinking from
public censure contrast with the action of the wise
and great men who framed the Constitution of
the United States! They believed that govern-
ment, being instituted for the benefit of the many,
should be sanctioned by their approval. They re-
garded themselves merely as the agents for the
people, acting in their behalf and for their inter-
ests; and they deemed their work incomplete until
crowned with the popular sanction. The over-
throw of such a Government, with such an origin,
is treason against the whole body of the people.
The overthrow of a secession government, never
ratified by the people, arid established in defiance
of the popular will, is a righteous revolution, and
reclamation of the usurped rights and sovereignty
of the people. A government so instituted has
no firm foundation, because it is an usurpation of
the legitimate authority. Unstable as the sand,
unsubstantial as the palaces, domes, and turrets
of the Fata Morgana m the Sicilian straits, it will
dissolve like a vision, or be swept away before
the first gust of popular passion.
Among the strange notions of the day, Mr
Speaker, that of the superior claims of a State to
the allegiance of its citizens, over the Federal
Government is—if there can be any superlative
among these rival absurdities—the most extraor-
dinary. It is lamentable to witness the facility
with which men of honor, who as a condition of
entering on the public service, have taken an oath
to the Constitution and laws of the United States
as the paramount authority of the land, can coolly
and deliberately violate their sworn obligations.
If the Federal Government can thus readily be
betrayed to domestic enemies, can its defense
against a foreign foe, or fidelity to it in the hour of
externa) danger, be expected from such disloyal
servants? The times arc indeed out of joint, when
men of honorable calling and reputation can thus
forswear themselves, and under the very eaves of
the Capitol can join in secret league with State
conspirators, for the destruction of the national
Government. For my part, sir, I wish it to be
distinctly understood, that I renounce all such
heresies. Having taken an oath to support the
Constitution of the United States, I intend to ob-
serve it. If the State which I have the honor in
part to represent; should set herself in treasonable
array against the Federal authority, I shall stand
by the latter. If she should vote herself out of
the Union, I shall not go with her, but I will cling
to the Union to the last. Proud as I am of my
birthright as a Pennsylvanian, i am yet prouder
of my title of an American citizen. American
citizenship clothes me with the panoply of this
great Government wherever I go, and it is my
duty to defend the power that covers me with its
shield. The nation is represented by the Federal
Government, and when it is assailed, our life as
a people is at stake. Above^all other questions,
that of the preservation of our nationality rises
preeminent. No State pretentions should be al-
lowed to come in conflict with a mighty interest
like this, that concerns the whole people; that is
so closely connected with the political welfare of
the world at large.
If, sir, any one has a right to be proud of his
native State, a Pen. sylvanian surely has. No
State in the Union possesses more of the requi-
sites for independent existence than Pennsylvania.
Seated between two great rivers, one of which
gives eas^ acccss to the Atlantic and to inter-
course with the Old World, and the other wash-
ing the shores of the great States of the West and
South, and interlocking with the water courses,
whose navigable tides penetrate the innermost
heart of the continent, she enjoys the most ad-
mirable facilities for trade and commerce. Within
her mountain ranges lie imbedded inexhaustible
deposits of coal and iron, of far greater value to
her than the " wealth of Ormusand of Ind,"and
which will ever make other parts of the country
dependent on her. Their slopes and summits are
covered, with all the chief varieties of useful tim-
ber; and the valleys which lie among them, and
