802
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 7,
the door, Mr. Kennedy was in front, with the negro woman,
and the others followed in a kind of procession after. A
passage was immediately opened to one of the carriages by
one or our police, and when Mr. Kennedy got close to the
carriage; the negroes closed around him and attempted to
puil the woman away. Mr. Kennedy had a small cane m
his hand, and commenced beating them over the head.
They continued pulling the woman away, and the fijiht he-
came general. The crowd of negroes was dense around
him, aud they succeeded in dragging the woman off some
thirty yards,he still beating them over the head, until they
got to a pile of boards, when Mr. Kennedy fell, and unfor
tunaiely broke the cap of his knee. In the mean time, the
man was secuied ana driven off. The thing was so sudden
and unexpected that every one was taken by surprise; and
unfortunately, not many white men were about; but those
who were there immediately took sides with Mr. Kennedy,
and attacked the negroes. A pile of cord-wood was lying
close by, from which some of our citizens supplied them-
selves, and beat the negroes over the head. A number of
the negroes were severely injured; and m ten minutes after
the riot commenced, there was not a negro to be seen m
the square. After Mr. Kennedy fell, they succeeded in
tearing the woman loose from him, and i mining her oil'into
some one of the little alleys; and, although hot pursuit was
immediately made by such whito men as weie present, the
negroes scattering in evciy direction, and no one of our
citizens being able to identify the woman if they did see
her, she escaped.
Mr. Kennedy was carried to the hotel, where he lay for
some five or sii weeks, apparently rapidly recovering. To
the surprise and grief of every one, and while his physi-
cian and family thought he was doing as well as could
possibly be expected, he suddenly died. From what cause
it is impossible, 1 suppose, certainly to tell; but his physi-
cian (one of the most eminent in our town) declared it to
be from cramp in his stomach, caused by certain indigest-
ible food which he had eaten.
When his corpse was taken from town, our citizens turned
out en masse as an escort, to express their deep regret, and
all the bells in town were tolled.
I have several times smcc visited the relatives ot the de-
ceased, and they have always expressed the kindest feel-
ings for the citizens of Carlisle. While the occurrence has
been to us a source of deep and universal regret, it is a
slander on our people to charge them (with two excep-
tions) with taking any patt in it; other than to defend Mr.
Kennedy to the best ot then ability uuder the cncuni-
stances. As I said, but few white men weie present. No
attack was apprehended from the negroes; and, after the
hearing in the court, nearly eveiy one supposed the matter
was ended, and returned home.
Alter the riot, the most intense excitement prevailed
against the negroes. Our citizens assembled in crowds,
and it was with difficulty many of them were resmuned
from attacking the negro houses, and teaung them down.
No danger was apprehended, at the time, of Mr. Kennedy's
life, or 1 have no doubt the neguus would have been driven
at once from the town. Fifteen of them were convicted
and sentenced to the pemtentiaiy. This explains the feel-
ings out citizens had on the subject, and shows whether
Mr. Webster is justified in repiOhcntmg them as mur-
derers.
If an opportunity occurs, our citizens wish you to correct
Ills abortions.
Yours truly, W. H. MiLLElt.
Hon. B. F. Junkin.
Mr. JUNKIN. I will add a single word. If
any man can make murder out of thofacts de-
tailed by eye-witnesses, by a man who partici-
pated in the struggle, by the very attorney of Mr.
Kennedy himself—if, in tho teeth of Unit testi-
mony, the State of Maryland or any one of her
Representatives can charge the people of Carlisle
with being guilty of the murder of Kennedy, 'hen
all 1 can say is, that they have the queeiest kind
of notions about criminal law I ever heard of.
The very negroes themselves could, under the
circumstances, be only convicted of engaging m
a riot. They were so convicted, and sent to the
penitentiary for two or three years. That judg-
ment the court, however, had no right to pro-
nounce, because by the law they could only be
sent to the county jail, and they were one year
afterwards released by the supreme court upon
Iiabeas corpus.
1 would state further that this is not the first time
that I have hoard this case referred to in debate.
I know the people of the South have been made
to believe that two men have been murdered m
Pennsylvania—Kennedy is one, and a Mr. Gor-
su<& the other. I know, and my friends upon
both sides of the House will bear me out in the
assertion, that these two cases have been referred
to again and again ; and 1 am free to confess that
I was not heretofore particularly acquainted with
the Carlisle case, nor did i feel myself at liberty
to speak of it until I obtained the necessary in-
formation, which was last Monday morning.
JSTow, I can, in some degree, at least to my own
iijind, account for the extraordinary excitement
which prevails at the South; for if, in such a case
as this, a near neighbor to Pennsylvania can see
murder, I am not surprised that the people of the
.South expect the North to liberate their slaves.
To what proportions may not the acts of the Re-
publican party be magnified, when they distort
circumstances like these into willful and down-
right murder? and that, too, charged against the
people of Carlisle, who are not only intelligent,
but loyal, Union-loving, and law-abiding citizens.
Let me tell you it is the grossest charge which
could have been made against the character of that
people. When the invasion into Virginia was
made by John Brown, and some of his followers
escaped, and made their way into the mountains
of Pennsylvania, this very borough arrested one
of the conspirators and coadjutors of Brown—ar-
rested him without process of law, and upon the
merest suspicion that he was concerned in the
raid. They Hot only arrested him without au-
thority, but confined him in the county jail; and
still more, when theagentofthe State of Virginia,
who made the demand upon the Governor of
Pennsylvania for the delivery of the fugitive, was
not able to identify him, these very citizens of
Carlisle, who are denounced as murderers by a
Representative of an adjoining State, held that
criminal until Virginia was able to get evidence
there to identify him;and he was returned to Vir-
ginia, tried, convicted, and suffered death.
I submit whether it is fair, when we surren-
dered up a man, even in defiance of law, who had
been guilty of participation in the John Brown
raid—I submit whether it is fair, or whether it
will tend to heal the differences which now exist
between the North and the South, to make ex parte
statements, and convert a mere riot into a willful,
malicious, and felonious murder. Why, sir, we
have lived near to the Commonwealth of Mary-
land nearly a hundred years; we have delivered
up to themathousand slaves within the last sixty
years; and we have done it without stint and
without limit. We have done it freely and cheer-
fully, not niggardly and grudgingly; and I tell
you that, out of the one thousand slaves that we
have delivered up to the State of Maryland, there
never was any difficulty except about the two
that I have already named—the slave of Mr. Ken-
nedy and the slave of Mr. Gorsuch. I submit,
then, whether it is fair to make such charges
against that good old Commonwealth. God bless
her; she is agreat State. She sleeps there to-night
with three million white men in her bosom—more
white men than there are in all the six seceding
States. She has not as many negroes, and, of
course, no slaves, for which God be thanked; but
there she sleeps to-night, a giant in repose. She
is not arming against the people of Maryland.
We have not bought a musket nor even uniformed
a . ingle man belonging to our militia. We repose
in the confidence of our strength. We are ready
at any and at all times to meet the enemies of the
Republic, either without or within. We have con-
fidence in the State of Maryland. I do not believe
that the people of Maryland themselves would
make any such charge as this against the people
of Pennsylvania. They have known us too long.
We have lived together in brotherly love for a
hundred years, and, by the blessing of God, I know
we will live together a thousand years longer. I
know that we are not going to make war against
one another. She shall have every right to which
she is entitled under the Constitution. I pledge
the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania to-night that
not a slave will she fail to deliver up whenever the
proof is made that he owes service to his master.
1 assert that she never did refuse to deliver up
fugitive slaves. I assert that she has delivered up
more slaves than any Commonwealth in this Con-
federacy, and has done it cheerfully and without
grudging.
Let me now refer, for a moment, to the case
of Mr. Gorsuch, which occurred in Lancaster
county. It has been asserted upon this floor, time
and again, since I have been a member of this
House, that Mr. Gorsuch was murdered by the
people of Lancaster. The fact is that Mr. Gor-
sucn was murdered by his own slaves. He was
warned, before he undertook to arrest them, that
the negroes were known to be desperate, and that
they would undoubtedly take their master's life;
and Mr. Gorsuch swore by his Maker that he
would arrest them, or die in the attempt. He made
the effort and was shot down by his own slave,
and not by Pennsylvanians. But it may be said
that white men were engaged in it. Well, if that
be true, I should like to know why they could not
convict those white men? One white man was
tried in the Federal court, before a Federal judge,
and by a jury selected from one half of the entire
Commonwealth of Pennsylvania—men who en-
tertained no prejudice towards the State of Mary-
land or the South; for my own father, an old
Demociat, was on that very jury. I should like
to know why they did not convict that white man
if he was guilty ? Look at the charge of Judge
Grier, in which he told the jury that there was no
case made out, and that there could not and must
not be a conviction; and the jury returned a ver-
dict accordingly. And yet men stand up here,
and upon their responsibility as Representatives,
charge that as murder!
I will not trespass upon the time of the House
much longer, because I feel that I am robbing
my friend from Ohio, [Mr. Allen,] and I feel
uncommonly grateful for the opportunity of say-
ing anything upon this occasion. I do not see
much use in being a member of Congress here; it
would certainly be much more creditable to be a
member of a decent debating society, because one
cannot get the floor when he wants, and should
have it, to repel such charges as these. I have
watched five days for this opportunity, aud it
comes even now only by the couitesy of my friend
from Ohio, [Mr. Allen.]
Mr. SMITH, of North Carolina. I would ask
the gentleman from Pennsylvania for what offense
the white man to whom he has alluded was tried
in the Gorsuch case ?
Mr. JUNKIN. For treason, in resisting the
laws of the United States, and for conspiracy to
prevent the execution of the fugitive slave law
That was the charge, and the jury did not con-
vict him.
Mr. SMITH, of North Carolina. Was he not
discharged on the ground that this was a sudden
rescue, and not a premeditated combination to re-
sist the execution of the law?
Mr. JUNKIN. One of the grounds of his dis-
charge was tho entire absence of proof establish-
ing a prearranged conspiracy to defeat and resist
the execution of the fugitive slave law. And fur-
ther, if any such proof did exist, (as it did not,)
the prosecution did not offer it as testimony in
chief; but offered it in rebuttal of the defense.
Nevertheless, it was well known that no such
proof could be made. Ilanway was a miller, and
was summoned in his shirt-sleeves, and in a felt
hat, by the sound of the horn and the shouts of the
negroes. Under these facts, sir, I claim a verdict
of not guilty, on this count, also.
Now, Mr. Speaker, we of Pennsylvania do not
pretend to be better than the people are anywhere
else. We have bad men among us who some-
times attempt to resist the execution of the fugi-
tive slave law, but very rarely, because public
opinion is overwhelmingly in favor of the execu-
tion of that law. We look upon the man who
who would attempt such a thing (a rescue) as
worse than a sheep-thief. It is true, we will not
permit negroes to be taken from within our bor-
ders unless they are taken upon good and legal
grounds; and that we have a right to do. But I
assert here in my place,to-night, that so far from
there being any disposition to run away slaves,
I know of no underground railroad m Pennsyl-
vania. As I said last evening, southern men are
allowed to bring their slaves into that State and
hold them there, and to return with them to the
slave States from which they came. There is
living now m my town a slave who was brought
from the State of Georgia, and has been therefor
three or four years. I know two gentlemen who
come there annually from the State of Mississippi
and bring their servants there, and hold them in
a Republican town,in a Republican county, and,
as 1 believe, in a Republican State; and any man
in our community who would attempt to induce
those slaves to leave their masters would be looked
upon as a thief.
I, for one, do not understand Republicanism to
mean negro-stealing. If it is, then 1 am no Repub-
lican, and never will be one. If 1 believed, at the
same time, that it meant abolition, so help me
God! I would be the first to abandon and denounce
it; and whenever gentlemen upon this floor de-
velop the fact that the Republican party is tending
to abolitionism, whenever I find the Republican
ship beginning to direct its prow into that terrific
and fearful sea, why then I want to jump over-
board, even at the risk of Jonah's fate. I will go
with them in all constitutional measures, in every-
thing that is right and fair and just to both sec-
tions'Of the country; but they cannot, so help me
