220
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 18,
36th Cong.-...2d Sess.
Peace—Compromise—Union—Mr. Webster.
Ho. of Reps.
of a broken country. We are not desinms of re-
possessing it ourselves, nor of seeing it go into
the possession of any other nationthan that which
Washington and our fathers founded. Sir, atthe
very hour when a foreign foe was thundering at
the gates of our chief city, a distinguished son of
my State composed the song of the " Star-span-
gled Banner. And now, when our own broth-
ers, carried away by passion, aroused by real and
imaginary wrongs, are thundering at the gates of
our great Union, we desire to maintain not only
our claim to the song, but our right to the banner.
Now, sir, in the name of that State, so loyal to
the Union, so regardful of all its obligations, so
fraternal in its relations, as well to its northern as to
its southern sisters, I desire to appeal to northern
gentlemen to listen to her voice. I believe it is the
voice of wisdom; 1 know it is the voice of patriot-
ism. What does she desire? What does she de-
mand? Her sympathies are strong towards her
southern sisters, for they are bone of her bone,
and flesh of her flesh; they are filled with men
who have gone out from her borders; and she
"loves hersons, wheresoever they may be scattered;
yet she still remains true to the Union, true to the
flag of the Republic, true to your Government.
Under such circumstances 1 have the right to ask
you to listen to her counsels.
Sir, her people, with a unanimity lmrdly ever
seen upon any subject, anion}? any people, ask
that they shall not be plunged into deadly strife
with their brethren and friends; but that these
difficulties shall be peaceably settled by fair, rea-
sonable, and honorable compromise. They ask
you to so guaranty their rights, and the rights of
all the southern Slates, as to quiet all apprehen-
sions that they may ever be invaded; and they
ask you to pursue a policy of conciliation and
peace towards their erring sisters of the South.
If gentlemen will only listen to these counsels of
my State, and pursue the policy she thus indi-
cates, what results would follow? Throughout
all the land, wherever the glad tidings went that
a peaceful solution of our difficulties bad been
fourfd, bonfires would blaze, bells would ring:,
cannons would roar, and men would rejoice! In
the northern States especially, business would
immediately revive. Factories and furnaces; would
soon be tn operation; laboring men would have
bread and employment; the great ships would
spread their sails in every sea, laden with the
products of every part of the Republic; and gen-
eral prosperity and happiness returning, would
pervade every department of society. This in
itself, it seems to mo. would furnish northern
gentlemen with sufficient inducement to pursue
this course.
But, sir, more than this: let this policy be in-
augurated here, and the southern States which
have not seceded, and do not desire to secede, will
be forever bound to the Union by bonds stronger
than chains of iron—memory, affection, interest,
and honor. And, sir, I take it for granted that
northern men,appreciating the conservative posi-
tion these border States now hold, admiring the
stand which Kentucky and Virginia and Tennes-
see and Missouri have just taken for the Union,
and for further fellowship with them, will feel in
their own breasts a corresponding conservatism
and fraternity, and will rejoice to give expression
to those sentiments in prompt and honorable legis-
lation. Puisue tins policy, and, in my opinion,
you will also bring back the States which have
attempted to go out from the Union. Why do 1
so believe? Because they have adopted a consti-
tution almost in totulem verbis like our own; be-
cause they are debating the question of adopting
a flag as nearly like our own as it is possible; be-
cause they have elected as the chief officers in their
republic, not secessionists per se, but men who
have loved this Union, and who have stated that
they desired a reconstiuction of its parts; and
especially because, in all these States, with the
exception perhaps of South Carolina, there i.s a
strong Un ion party to-day, which, if you will settle
thesevexedquestions; if you willaccept fair com-
promises; if you will give to the southern States
what they believe they are entitled to—security
from invasion of their rights witlun the Union—
I say, if you will do this, thisUmon party, which
still exists in these States, will use all their efforts
to bring them back. And, sn, wher. the passions
of the hour have subsided, and cooler reflection
has come; when memory brings up the old flag,
and the friends they have left behind, I doubt
not their hearts will turn again to the Union, and
they will come once more to their accustomed
places. I have no doubt whatever that this will
be the-result. And, for myself, I will say that it
is a result that 1 much desire. 1 am ready to ad-
mit that they have acted with precipitation,and,
as I said before, with arrogance and selfishness;
and I will admit that I am willing to see them pun-
ished by the burdens they are bringing upon them-
selves for this conduct, in the taxation they are
bringing down upon their people, and which must
continue to increase, if they remain in a republic
not larger than their present confederacy. Yet,
sir, they are our brothers; they have gone out
from our midst; and if they shall be willing to re-
turn, my people will go forth to meet them. Ay,
sir, if, like the prodigal son, when they have filled
their bellies with the husks of secession, they shall
again return to their father's house, we will go
forth to meet them; we will bring forth the fatted
calf; we will make merry ant}'be glad, because
these, our brothers, were dead gnd are alive again,
and they that were lo^t are found.
Now gentlemen of the North,! ask you whether
this is not " a consummation devoutly to be
wished?" But if this policy shall fail of such a
result; if it shall fail to bring back the seceding
States; if it shall fail to restore the unity of the
Republic, then you will have done your duty; you
will have at least acted as patriots; and in so act-
ing, you will have committed no wrong, and in-
flicted no injury upon any human being. You
will have brought no damage upon any constitu-
ent; you will have degraded no State that you
represent,and have heaped no obloquy upon your-
selves. Then, too, you can take such couise as
may seem best, wisest, and most patriotic, to
preserve the dignity of the flag and the unity of
the country.
I have spoken in general terms about the duty
of compromise and concession. So far as I am
concerned, sir, I prefer the proposition of Sena-
tor Chittenden, from Kentucky. I prefer it es-
pecially on this question of slavery in the Terri-
tories, which is the most difficult one to settle. I
prefer that a line should be run between us, that
no man may misundetstand his rights. I desire
that a surveyor's compass, and not the decision
of a court, which isdisputed and may be reversed,
shall determine how far the northern people may
go in the Territories, and not be interfered with
in the slightest degree on the subject of freedom, as
they call it, and how far the southern men may
go with their slave property, and have itprotected
without molestation. Do this in the Territories,
and there can be no dispute between us; you settle
that question forever. 1 am not talking about
territory hereafter to be acquiied; for I confess,
in all candor, that I do not care ever to have
another foot of temtory added to the Union. 1 am
not willing to nnpeiil the institutions of the conn-
try and the Union itself, about territory which
we may never acquire, and which, so far as my
present impression goes, and if 1 have anything
to do with it, we never will acquire.
My friend near me [iY1 r. AtralvJ says," suffi-
cient unto the day is the evil thereof." Very
true. 1 think wo have as much evil upon our
hands now as wc can well attend to,and i do not
want to have any more by anticipation. Why
should we not run that liner Some gentleman i
the other day—I do not now recollect his name,
but I will get it and put it into the Globe—[Mr.
J Uutchins,) thatgentieman said that compromise
| presupposed concessions from both parties. So
j it does. We do not ask any thing else. We agree
I to give up our opinions, to a certain extent, and
| all we ask is that you shall yield yours to a cer-
| tain extent also. What is the running of this line?
I Under the Chicago platform, gentlemen of the
j Republican party claim that slavery does not ex-
ist in a single foot of territory, and that it never
did, and never shall, exist there. The southern
people, without repaid to party—there is not a
southern man who denies it—the southern people
unanimously hold to the opinion that they have a
right to go with their slave property into all of
the Ten itories. They imagine that that claim is
founded upon a decision of the Supieme Court—
the Dred Scott decision. What is this proposi-
tion we offer? We propose to apply the Chicago
platform to three fourths of the Territories, and
the best parts of them, and we ask you to apply
the decision of the Supreme Court of the United
States to the other quarter, and that the worst of
the Territories. I hold that that is a compromise.
I hold that the South has done all, in the way of
concession, in that proposition, thatany fair man
could desire.
Mr. Speaker, let the House adopt this policy,
run thisline,andgentlemenknow—no man doubts
it; I do not believe there are three men upon this
floor who doubt it—I say, that if we run this line
of 36° 30' through the Territories, we will retain
every border State in the Union, and, in all human
probability, bring back every seceding State, ex-
cepting, it may be, South Carolina. She may stay
out a while; and I should not be sorry if she did.
I should like to see her, with her three hundred
thousand white people, play grand nation for a
time and pay the expenses. I think she will get
tired of the honor, as well as its cost, in a very
short period of time.
I say I prefer this; but, Mr. Speaker, at the
same time, I will take any other plan that will
settle permanently this question. But I do ask
that, in whatever compromise you pass, you will
settle this question of slavery everywhere. I hope
that you will forever exclude it from these Halls.
Take away that bone of contention, not only in
the Territories, but here in this District. Gentle-
men say that they have no intention to interfere
with slavery in the District of Columbia, and that
consequently there is no necessity for legislation
on the subject now. I believe they have no such
intention; but the time may hereafter come when
it will be the means of mischief between us. Put
it in the Constitution that slavery, except under
ceitain circumstances, shall not be interfered with
in this District. Put it where we cannot touch it.
Settle the question in regard to the forts, arsenals,
and dock-yards, in the southern States. I ask
you to do it, not only because of the condition of
feeling in the South on the subject, and for the
peace and harmony of the country, but for your
own sake. You know that there are men in your
midst (Abolitionists) who will strike at slavery
wherever they can j*each it. Their attention, for
some years, has been called away from this Dis-
trict to a larger field for their operations—the Ter-
ritories; but, sir, you know, when we have set-
tled this question in the Territories, they will
bring their batteries to bear upon it here. Settle
the question here in this District, or it will settle
you at home if your party continues to exist.
The Abolition wing, if you do not respond to
their petitions to abolish slavery here, will split
from you and defeat you.
Now, sir, what good has ever resulted to the
country from this discussion of the slavery ques-
tion? Who has been benefited by it? Is there
a single man or a single State in the Union which
lias received the slightest advantage from the
discussions that have taken place here and else-
where upon this subject? Not one. You have
not decreased the number of slave States by it.
You have not added to the number of free States
by it. You have not reduced the number of bond-
men by it. You have not increased the number
of freemen by it. You have done nothing by it,
except array one part of the Republic against the
other. The result is the peril which now threatens
the very existence of the country. I ask you, as
wise men, as patriots, m the settlement of this
question, to make it final—to bury it forever.
Never let it come up to divide those who ought
to be united; to make enemies of those who ought
to be friends.
But, Mr. Speaker, this House may refuse to
pass any measure of adjustment. I hope not. I
confess my faith is a little shaken The vote this
morning has been a damper upon my feelings, and
hangs a cloud over my former bright prospects. I
hope 1 misunderstand the meaning of that vote. 1
hope it is not the intention of gentlemen of the
North to refuse all conciliation, to refuse all com-
promise,to refuse all concession necessary to com-
pose the public mind, and restore the public tran-
quillity, butto unsheath thesword and come down
upon the South with it, to enforce the laws, to
protect the public property, or to destroy the South
