804
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 8,
municatmg the report of Captain Simpson, of his explora-
tions across the Great Bftsin of Utah Teriitory, called for
by the resolution of the Seriate of the 30th of January, 1861,
be printed,and that — additional copies be piiutod for
the use of the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution will
go to the Committee on Printing.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The following bills from the House of Repre-
sentatives were severally read twice by their
titles, and referred as indicated below:
A bill (No. 950) in relation to the postal ser-
vice—to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads. s
A bill (No. 975) for the confirmation of the title
to the saline lands in Jackson county, Illinois, to
D. H. Brush, and others—to the Committee on
Public Lands.
resolutions of new jersey.
Mr. THOMSON. I move that the resolutions
of the Legislature of New Jersey, in relation to
the Union of the States, and recommending the
adoption of the compromise measures proposed
by Mr. Crittenden* and appointing commission-
ers to confer with Congress and the sister States,
with a view to the settlement of our national diffi-
culties, yesterday presented by me, be referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary, and be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
petitions and memorial.
Mr. SEWARD presented four petitions of cit-
izens of Philadelphia, in favor of the Union, the
Constitution as it is, and the enforcement of all
the laws; which were ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. KING presented three petitions of citizens
of New York, praying that Congress will not re-
peal, or materially modify, the warehousing sys-
tem; which were ordered to he on the table.
Mr. GRIMES presented the memorial of Par-
mella Pellett, widow of Samuel Pfflk-tt, praying
that the pension allowed her Lite husband may be
made to commence at the date of his discharge;
which was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. BIGLER presented two petitions of cit-
izens of Union county, Pennsylvania; a petition
of citizens of Momsvillc, Pennsylvania; and a
petition of citizens of Adams township, Franklin
county, Pennsylvania, praying fur the adoption
of the compromise measures proposed by Mr.
Crittenden; which were ordered to lie on the
tabic.
Mr. HALE. I presented a petition of citizens
of Philadelphia, in favor of the Union, the Con-
stitution as it is, and the enforcement of all the
laws. 1 have received a letter statinir that the
petition is signed principally by the printers of
Philadelphia, i move that it he on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. PUGH presented a petition of citizens of
Morgan county, Ohio, praying for I he adoption
of the compromise measures proposed by Mr.
Crittenden; which wasordei ed to lie on the tabic.
He also presented ten petitions of citizemi of
Belmont county, Ohio, praying for the adoption
of the compromise measures proposed by Mr.
Crittenden; which were ordered to he on the
table
"repouts from committees.
Mr. GRIMES, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to whom was referred the memorial of
Philip P. Voorhees, a captain in the Navy, who
was placed on the reserved list by the board of
officers appointed under the act of February 28,
1855, praying to be restored to the active service
list, submitted an adverse report, and asked to be
discharged from the further consideration of the
memorial; which was agreed to.
Mr. DOOLITTLE, from the Committee on
Indian Affairs, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No. 469) for the relief of A. H. Jones and H. M.
C. Brown, reported it without amendment, and
recommended its passage.
Mr, KENNEDY, from the Committee on
Naval Affairs, to whom was referred the memorial
of James XL Harwood, asking to be allowed com-
pensation for extra services performed as purser
during the expedition to Paiaguay, submitted a
report, accompanied by a bill (S. No, 559) for the
relief of James K. Harwood. The bill was read,
and passed to a second reading; and. the report
Was ordered to be printed.
bill introduced.
Mr. SEWARD asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a joint resolu-
tion (S. No. 6*2) in relation to Domtnick Lynch,
of the Navy; which was read twice by its title,
and referred, with the accompanying papers, to
the Committee on Naval Affairs.
m'cormick's patent.
Mr. WADE. 1 move to take up the resolution
of the House of Representatives on the subject of
McCormick's patent for a reaping machine.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Ohio moves to take up the joint resolution (H.
R. No. 71) extending the time for taking testi-
mony on the application of Cyrus H. McCor-
mick for the extension of his patent.
Mr. HRAGGr. I hope that matter will be passed
over for the present. I have several reports to
make, and I desire to dispose of the papers which
have been lying on my table for several days. 1
am satisfied, if that matter be taken up, it will
lead to debate. 1 believe the morning hour, by
the rules, is appropriated to the presentation of
memorials and leports from committees.
Mr. WADE, i would very willingly give way
for that purpose; but if this resolution is to be
acted on atall, there is great necessity fonts being :
acted upon now. It proposes to give time for
taking testimony for the purpose of showing that
it is not proper to extend this patent for seven
years more. We are in danger of an immediate
decision by the Commissioner of Patents. The
House of Representatives, under these circum-
stances, have passed this resolution; and of course,
if it is to be acted on at all, it ought to be done im-
mediately; for if wc postpone it, it may bo of no
use. It is for this reason that I am anxious it
should supersede all other business,and be acted
upon at once; for there is no question of greater
importance to the farmers of the whole country
than the controveisy about the extension of this
patent. It is very easy to show that this patentee
has received already an immense sum, with which
he ought to be content, from the proceeds of this
patent; and it will be greatly to the detriment of
the public interests, m my judgment, if it shall be
renewed for seven yeais. Hut I do not rise to
argue it; i will notaigue it now, because it might
provoke argument on the other side. AH I want
is the decision of the Senate upon the question.
Mr. FITCH. This appears to be a proposition
to take a case out of the hands of the Commis-
sioner of Patents, and amend the law to suit the
convenience of private parties. 1 know nothing
of the merits of the controversy, but I think the
proposition itself is a very dangeious one to be
acted upon by the Senate. The Senatorsays there
is danger of having a decision. I hold in my hand
a written brief of the attorneys for the protectants,
in which they say there is no danger whatever;
and alt they desire, according to their own lan-
guair^, is a decision. They say u his [McCor-
mick's J proof amounts to nothing, and our proof
covers the case at all points. Further proof would
be merely cumulative." Still, it seems, they de-
sire to take it. They say furthei, we do not
think the application for an extension will be suc-
cessful. "
And here is the report of the acting Commis-
sioncrof Patents on the subject, in which he states
all the points urged by the protestants, and pro-
ceeds to give the testimony on file before him
answering every one of them; and yet it is pro-
posed to take this case outof his hands and bring
it to Congress m order to subserve the interest of
private parties. Those interests it may be very
proper to consult. 1 know nothing of the merits
of the controversy. On general principles, 1 have
an aversion to prolonging patents; but if the case
is to be urged now, it is no more than justice to
the acting Commissioner of Patents that his an-
swer to the application of the protestants should
be read; and I shall send it to the Clerk's desk to
be read if the vote is to be pressed. The proper
motion would be, and I make that motion, to refer
this joint resolution to the Committee on Patents
and the Patent Office. They can report it to-mor-
row morning if it be desired, and i presume they
will do so. i prefer that it should pass through
their hands.
Mr. WADE. I wish to ask the Senator whether
the acting Commissioner has not refused further
time for taking testimony?
Mr. FITCH. I respond to the inquiry by say-
ing that he has refused; and he alleges ample
reasons to sustain him in his decision, which I
have here in manuscript—reasons which ought
to be satisfactory to every Senator and every gen-
tleman, if they are true. Into the truth of them
the Committee on Patents, if there is any doubt
about it, can inquire.
Mr. GRIMES. I hope the Senator from Indi-
ana will send that letter up, and let it be read on
this motion.
Mr. FITCH. Certainly, sir. It appears there
have been two applications for an extension of
time.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the motion to take up the joint resolution.
Mr. MASON. I ask, respectfully, if the rules
do not require that the morning hour shall be ap-
propriated to petitions and reports? 1 have some
reports which 1 am anxious to make from a com-
mittee.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chuir thinks
not. The rules indicate the course of business
which the Chair shall call up; but it is subject to
the order of the Senate. This has been repeat-
edly decided by the Chair.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish to make an in-
quiry, which, perhaps, may affect my vote some-
what. I have understood that the application for
the renewal of this patent is really made to the
Commissioner more than a year before the expi-
ration of the old patent; and that it is made to
and tried by a gentleman who is merely the act-
ing Commissioner, who, accidentally, at this pe-
riod fills the position, long anterior to the time
when there will be any necessity for acting upon
it. I should like to know if that is true.
Mr. FITCH. I can only answer the Senator
sofaraslderive my knowledge from these papers.
The application appears to have been made a year
or so before the expiration of the patent; but it
was made while there was a Commissioner of
Patents; and his decision is only being carried
out by the acting Commissioner.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There can be no hurry
in his action upon it, certainly, if that is the case
Mr. FITCH. And furthermore, the Commis-
sioner says these applications, a year or so in
advance, are very common, and a renewal is often
made that length of time imndvance.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The reading of the
letter is asked for. [" Let us hear it."j If there
be no objection, the Secretary will read it.
The Secretary read, as follows:
In the matter oj McCormick's jJ implication for Extension.
The counsel for most of the opponents in this case have
filed a motion tor postponing the tune foi closing the testi-
mony until the 4th day of March next.
In support of this motion, tlte counsel refer to two affi-
davits ot William N. Whiteley and David Osborne, filed
heietoiore in support of a previous motion to postpone the
tune for closing the testimony until July next. They also
file with the motion two other affidavit—one of the coun-
sel, S S. Fisher, and the other of J). M. Osborne, one of the
opponents.
The athdavits in support of the motion are more in the
fotm of sworn aigutnents than the usual affidavits of facts
tiled m such cases ; and it ha-> requned consideiable tune to
examine them, and to separate the facts fiom the allegations
and opinions. Ijcnee,the motion could not be decided yes-
teiday, the day on which it wa* tiled, fo  want of time.
The facts relied on to suppoit the motion, so tai as they
can he gathered item the athdavits, aie as lollows:
1. S. i3. Fisher, the affiant, was not employed as counsel
for opponents until December 25, I860.
2. That the applicant did not begin to take Ins testimony
until January 21, lool, and has taken testimony smce on
the 524th, 25th, and 2Gih of Januaiy ; which, it n alleged, is
too late for the opponents of the exteusion to put in rebut-
ting testimony.
3. That the opponents of the extension had no knowledge
of the natuie ot t!ie pi oof the applicant would offei until the
testimony wa4- taken.
A. That S. S. Fisher and his partner have traveled day
and night to get evidence ready for the opponents, and to
eio^-examnie the applicant^ witnesses ; and that in going
fiom place to place they traveled by railmcul.
5. That ten ot the leading counsel' of the country, familiar
with the practice of the law m patent cases, have been re-
tained by the applicant.
6. That the application was filed November 13,1850, over
eleven months b"forethe patent expued.
7. That there were about five hundred contestants of the
extension, most of whom are represented by the affiant, S.
S. Fi-her.
8. That the applicant has served a notice to take testi-
mony on the day fixed for closing the testimony.
9. That the eoun&el for the contestants, Messrs. Lee &
Fisher, have been vigorously ptessmg tlie opposition.
Affidavits have been filed in behalt oi applicant, in winch
some ot the facts sworn to by the opponents are contro-
verted. namely:
i. These affidavits show that William N. Whiteley, ono
of the opponents of the extension, regarded Lee & Fisher
