m
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 19,
36th !Dom...2d Sess.
Freedom, takes "no step backwards"—Mr. Blake.
Ho. of Reps.
will be less,and more in the House; but a decided
majority against them in both branches. The
South have a majority—indeed, it may be said
nearly all—of the judges of the Supreme Court of
the United States in its favor; so that any ques-
tion touching the interest of slavery would cer-
tainly be decided according to the dictum of that
court in;the Dred Scott case.
Sir, in the face of these fects, I appeal to the
candor, of southern gentlemen to know how it is
possible for any section, if so disposed, to de-
prive the South of any of her constitutional rights?
And yet, with all these facts known to every sen-
sible man in the country, the Republican mem-
bers of Congress are called upon, day by day, to
make some compromise to "save the Union.
The Republican party is a Constitution, Union
loving pavty. The Constitution as it is, the Union
which was the result of the formation of the Con-
stitution, and the enforcement of all laws passed
in jrarsuaneo of the Constitution, is the platform
upon which that party will administer the Gov-
ernment, if it is true to itself and the best inter-
ests of our common country. Why this demand
on the Republican party for compromise ? It has
nothing to compromise; and if it had, it has no
power in either branch of Congress to pass one.
Why do notgentlemeivwho insiston compromise,
and who have the power in this House and the
Senate, pass one to suit themselves? Will it be
said, sir, that a portion of the members from the
sout hern States have left Co tigress, and th us gi ven
to the Republicans a majority in that body ? It
is true, a majority has thus been given to that
party in the House, and almost a majority in the
Senate. But, sir, will the South dissolve the Union
because we have not the power to catch her run-
away members of Congress, and compel them to
.perform their duties?
The eeceders profess to believe there is great
danger to. slavery from the executive branch of
the Government having passed into the hands of
the Republican party; and thereupon they aban-
don-their places in Congress, and thus surrender
the legislative department into the same hands to
cure the evil! Sir, had the seceding members re-
mained in their places, and performed the dutit-s
which appertain to their position, not only would
the Republican parly be in a large minority in this
Congress, but would be powerless in the next.
Who, then, is to blame r Certainly not the Re-
publicans; but those who, by their rash acts, pre-
cipitated this state of things on themselves.
But, it is said, " compromise." " You can af-
ford to compromise." '1 You are the triumphant
party, and can afford to be generous." "We
1 , J >•   .      :  
party, . - .
that is all wo ask; a very small concession, in-
volving no sacrifice of principle." This is the
siren song that is sung here from day to day.
Why, sir, what have wc done that we should
compromise? What has the Republican purtv
done, that it should compromise with men with
arms in their hands, and threatening the destruc-
tion of the Government? Have we violated the
Constitution? This is not pretended. Is the Re-
publican party in antagonism to the Constitution
of the country ? Not at ail, sir. Can it be shown
that the Republican party do now, or ever have
intended to trench upon a single constitutional
right of the southern States in this Union? No,
sir; no man can maintain a pretension of that
kind. , . _
What, then, is the cause of the complaints of
these men* Why, simply, that they desire to
secure an amendment to the Constitution that will
elevate slavery "from the local position of being a
State institution, supported by State laws, and
the responsibility of sustaining it resting only on
the people of the State where it exists, to the
position of a national one, protected by the Con-
stitution throughout the United States, and the
responsibility of it resting alike upon all the peo-
ple of the nation. And the second cause of com-
plaint is, that the men who have been hanging
like leeches on the public Treasury for the last
eight years, and have plundered the nation of mil-
lions, until the Government debt created by them
amounts to about one hundred million dollars,
are nowaboutto be turned out to grass, u to root,
hog! or die." [Applause in the galleries.] -Sir,
these two things constitute all the trouble. Con-
cede'to the South that slavery may go into all the
free Territories, and tha£ the men who have been
stealing the public money for many years past
may continue that business, and the Union will
be saved at once. ^
What other reason can be given for the shaking
of the Union from center to circumference ? Why,
sir, we passed a resolution through this House
by a unanimous vote, a few days since, declaring
that Congress had no power, under the Constitu-
tion, to legislate on the subject of slavery for the
States. What more can southern gentlemen ask
than this? If they ever had any fears that the
people of the North desired to interfere with sla-
very in the Slates by congressional action, this,
certainly, ought to allay them all. The vote of
every Republican member present was given to
this resolution; and the Chicago platform declares
the same thing, which has received the indorse-
ment of Mr. Lincoln and every Republican in the
United States. I submit to the candid men of the
South if they can ask moic than this, and expect
to obtain it? _
What, then, sir, do the grievances of the South
amount to? Why, just this, no more and no less,
namely: " We will submit to the Constitution and
the Union so long as you will permit us to control
the Government; but when you fail to do this, we
will destroy both theConsutution andtheUnion."
This is the modest claim of the seceding States;
that is, that a majority of the people shall submit
to the rule of a minority. Now, can there be any
compromise on a question of this kind?
We are accused of standing by our party to the
neglect of the country; and if this was true, it
would, indeed, form a grave charge. Sir, parties
are of no consequence, only as they can be used
to accomplish the best e;ood of the country. And
it is because the Republican party, in its princi-
ples, is essential to the political salvation of the
country, that 1 will not sacrifice it at the demand
of those who have manufactured a ciisis, to ac-
complish, among other things, the destruction of
that party. Sir, any compromise that can now
be made would demoralize the Government, and
result in disaster. I dare not, therefore, listen to
the terms of any compromise. Let Mr. Lincoln
be inaugurated, and develop his policy to the coun-
try ; the Constitution obeyed, rather than amended;
the laws enforced, instead of being resisted; and
it forms the best compromise for the times, and
will save the Union.
This is the second attempt that has been made
by fc>outh Carolina to dissolve the Union General
Jackson said of the men of South Carolina who
made this attempt, in a letter dated May 1, 1833:
l-1 have had a laborious task here, but nullification is
dead, and its actors and courtiers will only be remembered
by the people to be execrated for their wicked designs to
sever and destroy the only good Government on the globe,
and that prosperity and happiness we enjoy over every other
poitionofthe woild. Hainan's gallows ought to he the late
ol all such ambmous men, who would involve their coun
try in civil war, and all the evils in its train, that they might
rei^in and ride on its whiiiwmds, and direct the storm.
Tlie free people of these United States have spoken, and
consigned these wieked demagogue* to their proper doom.
Take oare of your nuilifiers; you have them among you ;
let them meet with the indiguantfrowiHof every man who
loves his country. The tariff, it is now known, was a meie
pretext." "* * "* * Therelore, the tariff
was only the pretext, and disunion and a southern conted-
cracy the real object. The next pretext will be the negro
or slavery question.
Thus, nearly twenty-eight years ago, General
Jackson predicted that South Carolina would
make the negro question a pretext for dissolving
the Union, as she had done before the tariff ques-
tion. Colonel llenton says on this subject:
"The regulai inauguration of this slavery agitation dates
fiom the year 1835; but it had commenced two years be-
foie, and in this way; nullification aiul disunion had com-
merced m 1830, upon complaint against protective tariff.
That, being put down in 1833 undei Piesident Jackson s
proclamation and energetic measures, was immediately
substituted by the slavery agitation. Mr. Calhoun, when he
went home from Congress in the spring ot that yeai, told
his Inends that ' the South could never be united asam-t
the North on the tariff question—that the sugar interest ot
Louisiana would keep her out—and that the ba*;^ of south-
ern union must he shifted to the slave question.' I hen
all the papers in his mteren, and especially the one at
Washington, published by Mr Duff Green, diopped tarift
agitation, and commenced upon slaveiy, ami in two years
had the agitation ripe for inauguration on tiie slavery ques-
tion. And" m tracing this agitation to ih piescnt stage, and
to comprehend its rationale, it is not to be forgotten that it
is a mere continuation of old tariff disunion, and preferred
because more available."—Thirty Years in the Senate,
vol. 2.
General Jackson and Colonel Benton under-
stood what this slave power intended to do, and
early warned the country against its efforts to
destroy the Union and form a southern confeder-
acy, in which slavery should be the soul, and the
opening of the African slave trade supply it with
the blood.
Itissaid,ifwe willadopttheCrittenden compro-
mise peace will be restored to the country. What
is that compromise, sir? It is simply the Breck-
inridge platform put into the Constitution, with
some slight modifications, making it stronger in
favor of slavery. To make this plain, sir, I will
place the two in juxtaposition, that every man
may read for himself:
Breckinridge Platform. Crittenden Compromise.
1. That the government of Resolved by the Senate and
a territory organized by an House of Representatives,
act of Congress, isprovisional That the following article be
and tenipoiary ; and during proposed and submitted as
its existence, all citizens ot an amendment to the Consti-
the United Stales have
equal right to settle with
their property in the Territo-
ry, without their rights either
of person or property being
destroyed orimpaiied bycon-
gressional orterritoriallegis-
lation.
•2. Thatitis thedutyof the
Fedeial Government, in all
its departments, to protect,
when necessary, the rights of
persons and property m the
Tenitories, and wherever
else its constitutional author-
ity emends.
3. That when the settlers
in aTerutory having an ad-
equate population, form a
State constitution m pursu-
ance of law, the right of sov-
ereignty commences, and,
being consummated by ad-
mission into the Union, they
stand on an equal footing
with the people of other
States; and the State thus
oiganized ought to be admit-
ted into the Fedeial Union,
whethei its constitution pio-
hihits or recognizes the insti-
ution of slavery.
tution, which shall he valid
as pait of the Constitution,
when ratified by the conven-
tions of three fourths ot the
people of the States:
First, In all the Territories
now or hereafter acquired
north of latitude 36° 30', sla-
very or involuntaiy servi-
tude, except for the punish-
mentof crime, is prohibited;
while in all theterritorysouth
ot that latitude, slavery is
hereby recognized as exist-
ing. and shall not be inter-
fered with by Consrew, but
shall be protected as property
by all departments of the ter-
ritorial government dm ing its
continuance. All the teiri-
tory north or south of &aid
hue, within such boundaries
as Congress may prescribe,
when it contains a popula-
tion necessary for a member
of Congress, "with a republi-
can form ofgovernment. shall
be admitted into the Union
on an equality with the ori-
ginal States, with or without
slavery, as the eonstitutionof
the State shall prescribe.
The adoption of such a compromise as that, sir,
is political suicide to every man from the free
States who votes for it here. Not only does this
proposed amendment protect slavery in all the
territory wc have where that institution can pos-
sibly go, but in all the territory, way down to Cape
Horn, which it is the intention of the slave power
to acquire, by negotiation, robbery, or theft,
hereafter. Such a proposition will never receive
the assent of the people of-the free States. The
laboring men of the North will abide by the Con-
stitution of Washington, Jefferson, and Madison,
and freely give to every section all its constitu-
tional rights; but. they never will consent to aban-
don the work of the patriots of the Revolution,
establishing freedom to man, and adopt that of
Yancey and Rhett, to protect slavery.
Sir, the compromises now proposed require
that freedom shall make the sacrifice; and so it
has ever been with the compromises since the
adoption of the Constitution in 1789. I desire,
sir, if we are to have new compromises, that sla-
very shall make the sacrifice. Slavery is the cause
of all our troubles; slavery menaces the Consti-
tution and the Union; slavery proposes to destroy
our Government, and drench the land in fraternal
blood. Freedom proposes to stand by the Con-
stitution as it is. and defend the Union iormed by
our fathers; freedom asks for peace, and seeks
no change in our form of Government, and is
satisfieifto give to every section all its consti-
tntionalrights. Slavery should, therefore, make
the sacrifice, if the change is made. Now, the
compromising is all on the side of slavery; let us
have some on the side of freedom. If the Con-
stitution is to be amended, let that part ot it which
now gives to the South a representation based on
its property in slaves be stricken out, or a pro-
vision put in giving the people of the free States
a representation based on their property.
the free inhabitants of our country form the basis
of representation here, amend the Constitution so
that no more territory can be acquired; and pass
