1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
pme; but 1 have no Apprehension but what be
make a just decision on the question of prof-
its. He will have the data all before him, on
which he can decide the case-
Why notallow him, then, to decide it? Itcan-
not be true that more testimony is wanted, with
reference tobringingin new profits ihat have arisen
sitice the last account. The statement here is, that
it is not to bring in any new testimony; it is not to
make any new accounts; but it is merely cumula-
tive of what they have already got. What is the
U§eofcumulativ«evidence,if they havegot enough
to show the fact; if the fact has been established
by two witnesses? Perhaps they might get cumu-
lative evidence to the amount of two hundred wit-
nesses, but that does not establish the fact any
more firmly or any more satisfactorily. Then,
again, as to the $4,000,000 of receipts; the amount
of receipts is not conclusive as to the amount of
profits on a patent. The receipts should be consid-
ered in connection with every kind ofexpense;the
costof the patent, the cost of manufacture, the ma-
terial,the work, thecapitalinvestcdjintercstupon
the capital, rent, and all other items of necessary
expenditure. He might have $4,000,000 of re-
ceipts, and not a dollar of profit; or he might have
$4,000,000 of receipts, and $3,000,000 of profit.
Receipts are not the basis on which to settle "the
question of profits, or the sufficiency of the remu-
neration; and the very loose manner in which
Senators speak of the total receipts, shows how
improper it is for us to attempt to decide that ques-
tion. Let it go to the Commissioner; let him,
under his oath of office, ascertain by a careful ex-
amination of the testimony, the amount of receipts,
the amount of expenditures, the amount of profits,
and ascertain how much of that profit has arisen
on the patent now in question, and how much of
it arose under patents which have expired, and
which the public are using gratis; and then he
may determine what is just between the parties.
My objection is to the Senate taking cognizance
of the question of profits, of this question of rival
interests between patentees and manufacturers.
I wish to leave it where the law of the land has
placed it, in the hands of the proper officer. Let
him be governed by the testimony; and if he
abuses the discretion reposed in him by the laws,
let him be impeached, and we shall attend to his
case when it shall come before us in due form.
Mr. BINGHAM. I desire to ask the Senator
from Illinois a question.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Certainly.
Mr. BINGHAM. I want to ask hi/i, if in this
contest between rival manufacturers and McCor-
mick, they have to pay him fifteen dollars for
every machine they make, whether that does not
come out of the fmmers?
Mr. DOUGLAS. In the first place, \ have not
inquired whether they pay him fifteen dollars
apiece, or anything. I do not know what they
pay. I do not know the amountof I he patent fees.
1 do not know whether the other manufacturers
are paying for the use of it, or pirating upon it.
I h ve not inquired into it, and know nothing
about it. Thai belongs to the officer of the law to
asceitdin; and the very inquiry of the Senator
from Michigan shows that he does not know
either. Why should he and 1 go to settling a
question of other men's rights, when neither of
us know anything of what we are doing?
Mr. BINGHAM. My question was, whether
the farmers would not have to pay the expense.
Mr. DOUGLAS. On that point I will answer
the Senator. 1 do not think it necessarily follows
that the farmers pay the expense, for I have no
doubt it is a question of profits between manufac-
tuiers, and that the interests of farmers are not
involved.
Mr. WADE. I barely wish to say that the in-
structions to the committee moved by the Senator j
from Indiana do not relieve the question atali; be- '
cause, if they should adopt this motion, it is very
probable that we might adjourn over to-morrow,
and that would be fatal-—as fatal as a vote against
it. We might lose it in a great many ways. We
are driven to decide it now or never. That is all
there is about it; and therefore I hope this mo-
tion to refer will be negatived.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is moved to
refer the joint resolution to the Committee on
Patents and the Patent Office. It is moved to
amend that motion by adding instructions to re-
port the resolution back to-morrow morning.
The first question is on the motion to amend by
giving instructions to the committee.
Mr. BIGLER. I understood the Senator from
Indiana to make the first motion, and then subse-
quently to modify it by adding instructions to the
committee. I believe that is the question. It is
therefore but one motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
modifies his motion so as to embrace both instruc-
tions and a motion to refer in one general motion.
The Chair, then, understands that the Senator
from Indiana moves the reference of this resolu-
tion to the Committee on Patents and the Patent
Office, with instructions to report it back to-mor-
row morning.
Mr. PUGH. If the instruction is merely to
report it to-morrow, I shall make no objection;
though 1 think it is unnecessary.
The question being put, the Presiding Officer
declared that the ayes appeared j.o have it.
Mr. PUGH. I ask for the yeas and nays on
the question.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. NICHOLSON. I wish to state that on
this question I have paired off with the Senator
from California, [Mr. Latham,] who would vote
in the negative.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 18, nays !i24; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayaid, Dialer, Biagg, Clingman, Doug-
las, Fitch, Hunter, Johnson ot Arkansas-, Johnson of Ten-
nessee, Lane, Mtv«Gn,Polk, Powell, Pugh, llice, Suulsbury,
Sebastian, arid Wigfall—18.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Bingham. Cameron, Chandler,
Clark, Collamer, Dooliitlt\ Durkce, Fe*s<-nden, Foot, Fos-
ter, Green, Grimes, Hailan, King, Morrill, Pcaice, Sim-
mons, Sumnei, Ten LJyck/fiuiribull, Wadu, Wilkinson,
and Wilson—24.
So the Senate refused to refer the resolution to
the Committee on Patents with instructions.
Mr. BIGLER. I desire to explain, in a single
word, my vote on this resolution. I shall vote
against it because of the character of the legisla-
tion, and because of the views presented by the
Senator from Delaware. I think it is setting a
most dangerous precedent; and one which will
come back probably to plague succeeding Con-
gresses. While this in itself may not do any
special wrong, it is the worst possible system of
legislation that can be initiated. My own State
has had sad experience of this kind of special
interference and special legislation. For this rea-
son I cannot vote for the resolution.
I have had occasion to look into this question
to some extent; and I will say, because I deem it
justice to myself to say it, that were I the officer
of the law I should not extend this patent. I think
it is a perfectly clear case against it. 1 have read
the papers, and satisfied myself that there is no
substantial reason why this patent should be ex-
tended ; butthat is a question for the proper officer,
and I have no reason to presume that lie will not
perform his duties in good faith and cairy out the
law in its letter and spirit. I shall therefore vote
against this resolution.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
without amendment.
Mr. DOUGLAS How long is the time ex-
tended ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The resolution
will be read at length.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Be it resolved, 4'c., That the further time of ninety days
be given to parties interested in resisting the extension of
the patent ol'Cyrus 11. McCormick for Ins patent reaper, or
his improvements or modifications of the same, to enable
them to take testimony in opposuion to saul extension, to
be used before the Comtnissionerof Patents on the hearing
of the application of said McCormick tor an extension of
said patent.
Mr. DOUGLAS. It seems it is extended to
enable them to take testimony in opposition. Are
they not willing to let testimony in support of it
to be taken, too? It is very strange that ninety
days should be given for testimony on one side
and none on the other. I so understand it. It is
very extraordinary, if this is a proposition to give
a fair trial, to enable justice to be done, that we
should notallow him to rebut the new testimony
to be taken. I move to amend by saying that the
first forty-five days of the extension may be em-
ployed by thecontestants,and the other forty-five
by McConniclt; so that they may divide the time.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Illinois will reduce his amendment to writ-
ing-
Mr. DOUGLAS. I will gettheGlerk toreduee
it. I move to insert after the -word" resisting"
the words " or supporting, "so that it will read;
That the further time of ninety days be given to parties
interested in resistipg or supporting the extension. .
Mr. WADE. I hope that amendment will not
be adopted. There is no necessity for it whatever.
This party has asked for no time, bu'fis eager for
a decision; and if he does want , time, there is no
doubt at all that the Commissioner will-give it to
him.-He has full authority to do it,and undoubt-
edly would permit him, at his request, to take tes-
timony within the time limited by us; Therefore
I am opposed to the amendment; because, if it
should nave to go back to the House of -Repre-
sentatives again, it probably would not be acted
upon in time. I trust, therefore, that the friends
of the resolution will vote against this amendment'.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Do I understand that it is
an objection to allowing the patentee to have the
privilege of taking testimony also?
Mr. GRIMES. If the Senator from Illinois
will allow me, I wish to ask him aquestion,1whether
he really thinks that Mr. McCormick would be
denied the right or privilege of taking further tes-
timony under the resolution as it now stands?
Mr. DOUGLAS. I understand it is so, plainly.
Mr. GRIMES. I understand it is not a nega-
tive pregnant at all.
Mr. DOUGLAS. It strikes me the language
is peculiar, and as if it were very artfully drawn
to allow testimony on one side and exclude it on
the other; and certainly, if such is not the design,
there is 110 harm in inserting the words.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator will allow
me to ask him a question: whether, if we do not
pass this resolution, the Commissioner has not
perfect authority, if he chooses to exert it, to ex-
tend the time ninety days or more, for the purpose
of allowing Mr. McCormick to take testimony?
That is the question. If we do not pass the res-
olution, can he not do it if ho pleases?
Mr. DOUGLAS. Is the Senator through?
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is one question. I
wanted to ask another.
Mr. DOUGLAS. One at a time, if you please.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Very well.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I have not looked at the law
to. see what the Commissioner's powers are. I
am not familiar with the question of the renewal
of patents. I never tried a patent case in my life.
I never had an application before the Commis-
sioner. If the Commissioner has that power under
the law, I am willing to let him exercise the power
under the law, and 1 do not want to interfere with
him. It may bo, however, that he has that dis-
cretion under the law as it now stands, and it
would be justly exercised if you allowed the law
to stand; but it does not follow that such will be
the law after you pass this resolution. By this
resolution, you are passinga lawthat in thiscase
testimony may be taken on one side,but, and by
inference, not on the other. The Commissioner
has decided this question,and you propose tore-
open it so far as to take testimony on one side of
the case, and not to reopen it as to the other side
of the case; and 1 want to see what this means.
1 cannot comprehend it. I presume it is all fair.
We are told the object is a fair trial. If ow, let
the testimony be taken on both sides. Those of
us who have pi-acticed law know how important
it is, when new testimony comes in on one side,
to be permitted to get rebutting testimony in on
the other. The fate of nearly every law case de-
pends upon that privilege; and if the applicant,
who is required to make out his case, cannot be
permitted to bring in rebutting testimony, you
might as well legislate his rights away from him.
Mr. FESSEN DEN. I care nothing in the world
about this matter. I voted with my friend from
Ohio because I thought he was right; but really,
if the Senator from Illinois believes in the point
taken by htm now, it is a mystery to me how
he ever practiced law. Why, sir, everybody
knows, who knows anything, or pretends to know
anything, upon what this is founded. The Com-
missioner has a perfect power to take all the testi-
mony that he chooses, and to postpone from time
to time until he is satisfied, any time before he
has decided the case. That is unquestionably so;
nobody disputes it. I ask the Senator whether he
has any doubt of it? He will not admit that; and
I must believe that when he practiced law, he
learned never to admit anything for fear of the
