1861.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL r&LOBE.
.ass
36th Cong....2d Sess.
State Bights and State Equality—Mr. Buffin.
Ho., of Reps.
the homestead bill, giving every man one hun-
dred and sixty acres of the public domain who
will go and reside on it for five years, and I would
be willing to leave the question of slavery to the
free, untrammcled will of the people of the Ter-
ritories.
But, sir, all the proposed compromises remind
me of the story of the white "man and Indian, who,
in the early history of our western country, agreed
to hunt one whole-day, and divide their game at
night. Accordingly,theyhuntedallday. Atnight,
it was found that the Indian had killed a turkey,
and the white man a turkey-buzzard; and the great
question now to be settled, was how to divide the
game. After much dispute, and some language
that would not be considered very orthodox in
these days, it was agreed that the white man should
name over the game, and the Indian should take
his choice. Thereupon, the white man says to
the Indian: "You may take the buzzard, and I
will take the turkey; or I will take the turkey,
and you may take the buzzard." "Oh, but,"
said the Indian, " you no say turkey to me once."
[Applause in the galleries.] Just so it is with
ihese compromises—they never talk turkey to free-
dom once. Whatis slavdly, that we should com-
promise with it? Go, sir, to the records of the
Southforan answer {o this question. In theease
ofNealro. Farmer, (9 Georgia Reports,) the court
decided that^f there was no statute prohibiting
it, it was no crime to kill a slave:
"Licensed to hold slave property, tlie Georgia planter
hold tlie slave as a chattel; and whence did he derive title ?
Either directly from the ^lavctradei, or from tliosti who held
Under him, and lie from the slave captor in Africa. The
property in the slave in the planter became, thus, just the
property of the original captor. In the absence of any stat-
utory limitation on that property, he holds it as unquali-
fiedly as the first proprietor held it, and his title and the
extent of his property were sanctioned by the usage of na-
tions which had grown into law. There is no sensible
account to bo given of pioperty in slaves here but tins.
What wcic, then, the light* of the Afiican clucfin the blave
which he had captured in war? The slave was his to sell,
- or to give, or to kill."
Again: the North Carolina supreme court, in
the case of the State vs. Mann, (2 Devereux's
Reports, page 268.) Mann was indicted for
wounding a slave woman; and the question was,
whether a man could assault a negro. There was
no statute punishing it; and the question was,
does the common law protect the slave. The opin-
ion was delivered by Judge Ruflin. He says:
u Siavery lias indeed been assimilated at the bar to the
other domestic relations, and aigtiments diawnliom the
well-established principles which confer and lesttam the
authority of the parent over the child, the tutoi over the
pupi), the master over the apprentice have been ptessedon
us. The court docs not recognize their application. There
is no likeness between the cases. They aie m opposition
to each other, and there is an impassable gulf between
them. The diffeience is that which exists between free-
dom and slavery, and a greater cannot be imagined, in the
one, the end in view is the happiness ot the youth, born to
equal rights with that governor on whom the duty devolves
of training the young to usefulness, in a station which lie
is afterward to assume among freemen. To such an end,
and with such an ubject, moial and intellectual instruction
s*>em the natuial means; and, for the most part, they are
lound to suffice. Moderate force is superadded only to make
the others effectual. If that fail, it is better to leave the
party to his own headstrong passions and the ultimate coi-
reetion of the law, than to allow it to he immoderately in-
flicted by a private person. With slavery it is far other-
wise. The end is the profit of the master, his secinity and
the public safety ; the subject, one doomed, in Ins own per-
son and his posterity, to live without knowledge, and with-
(Jut the capacity to make anything Ins own, and to toil that
anothei may reap the fruits. What moral con-sideiations
shall beaddiossed to such a being, to convince him ot what
it is impossible but that the most stupid must feel and know
can never be true—that he is thus to labor upon a principle
of natuial duty, or ior the sake of his own personal hap-
piness? Such services can only be expected from one who
has no will of his own; who surrenders his will m implicit
obedtenee to that of another. Such obedience is the eou-
^equenoe only of uneontiollcd authority over the body.
There is nothing else which can opeiate to produce the
etiect. The power ot the master must be absolute, to ren-
der the submission of the slave perfect.
C-I most freely confess my sense of the harshness of this
pioposition; I feel it as deeply as any man can. And as
a puneiple of moral light, eveiy poison in his retiiement
mu&t repudiate it. But in the actual condition of things
it must be so. There is no remedy. This discipline be-
longs to the state of slavery. They cannot be disunited
without abiogating at once the lights of the mastci,and
absolving the slave from his subjection. It constitutes the
cmse ofslaveiy to both the bond and free poitions of our
population. But it is inherent m the relation ot mastei and
slave.
u That there may be particular instances of crueity and
baibarity, where in conscience the law might pioperly in-
New Series—No. 15.
terfere, is most probable. The difficulty is to determine
where a court may properly begin. Merely in the absti4«t
it may well be asked, which power of the master accords
.with right? The answer will probably sweep away all of
them. Uut wo cannot look at the master in that Jight. The
truth is, that we are forbidden to enter upon a train of gen-
eial reasoning upon the subject. Wecamiotallowthe right
of the master to be brought into discussion in the courts of
justice. The slave, to remain a slave^ must be made sens-
ible that there is po appeal from his master; that his power
Is in no instance usurped; but is conferred by the laws of-
raan, at least, if not by the laws of God. * ;
" 1 repeat, that I would have gladly avoided this ungrate-
ful question. But being brought to it, the court is compelled
to declare, that while slavery exists among us in its present'
state, or untii it shall seem fit to the Legislature to inter-
pose express enactments to the contrary, it will be the im-
perative duty of the judges to recognize the full dominion
of the owner over the slave, except where the exercise of
it is forbidden by statute. And this we do upon the ground
thatthis dominion is essential to the value of slaves as prop-
erty, to the security of the master and the public tranquillity,
greatly dependent upon their subordination, and in fine,as
most effectually securing the general protection and eom-
foit of the slaves themselves,"
Sir, where is the man in the free States that is
willingto t^ke the responsibility of extendingsuch
an institution to the free Territories, or to giye it
new constitutional guarantees? If such a man
can be found among the free institutions of the
North, I will neither envy his head or heart.
The gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. De Jar-
nette,] in his speech a few days since, said:
" 1 have known, Mr. Speaker, for ten years, that dissolu-
tion must come. I have seen the irrepressible conflict be-
tween labor and capital at the North, and known that it
could but result in favor of the former, inasmuch as that
labor possessed the revolutionary powei there, to wit, the
elective franchise. Wherever, sir, there is fiee competi-
tion between labor and capital, and that labor is armed with
the unrcstuctcd right to vote, the labor being always in
the majority, must sooner or laterso control the law-mak-
ing power as to hold the capital subject to its will. That
labor has for many years past eoutiolled the law-making
power of New England It ha«  now gained control of the
law-making power in many States west of the Hudson; and
in the last piesidential contest, it aspiied to, and obtained,
the control of the law-making power of this Government.
Wherever theio isfiee competition of labor and capital, and
that labor vindicates its power to contiol the Government,
kbcitv cannot long suivive. But the woi-st lorm of despot-
ism will exist as long a< tbeie is capital loft upon which it
can feed. When this fails, the only result which can fol-
low is, for such a people to return to barbarism.
" Thus, society at the North is now piegnant with the
seeds of its own destruction, fts only salvation is a stronger
Government, and a restriction of the elective franchise.
This is not speculative theory, but fact; it is not wild im-
aginings, but history. The standing armres of the Old
Woild aie maintained to keep labor hom warring on cap-
ital ; not by controlling the law-making power, for that
labor has not the elective franchise, and hence cannot as-
pire to the forms of justice to legalize its robberies; but
those armies aie maintained to protect that capital from
mob violence. What piotection has your capital fioin
the legalized robbeiy to which it is even now sometimes
subjected? Does not this free labor now set at naught
your State deciees, if they are annoying to it? Has it not
scaled the lampait* of the Federal Governm.ent,,destroyed
the Constitution, enthroned the higher law m its stead,
and justified such action by alleging that then* own State
laws, which they had made to screen themselves, required
thorn to despise the authority ot the Gcneial Government?
•itis thefiee suffrage and tree labor of the North which
now contiols the press, the bar, the schools, and the pul-
pit. It is thefiee labor of the Noith which has invaded
the sanctity of Cud's altar, and compelled its ministers to
acknowledge its divinity by dethroning Jehovah and wor-
shiping Beelzebub. It is the free labor at the North which
has> invaded the highest judicial tribunal of justice, de-
stroying its preiogatives, and teaching men to despise its
decrees. Sir, it has so shattered the fi'amevvork of society,
that society itself exists only m an inverted Older at the
North. Capital at the North for a long time waged an un-
equal conies with labor. It looked then to the Govern-
ment, and found that impotent for aid. For momentary
becurity, it seemed to sympathize in the object* of the fa-
natics, and to point to the institutions of the South as fit
objects for attack. Fatal delusion! They not only intro-
duced the Tiojan horse into their countmc-houses, but
drove away their best customcis, by their efforts to enclave
them."
The gentleman from Virginia, in this, truly
speaks the sentiments of the slave power against
free labor. The free laboring men, who sustain
our country in peace and defend her in war, are
denounced as being in favor of the destruction of
the Constitution and the dissolution of the Union.
Mr. Speaker, these laboring men are the very
ones who will ever defend both the Constitution
and the Union. And, sir, it is because they de-
sire to preserve the Union, that they say to me
to-day, " Make no compromises with slavery;"'
"stand by the Constitution as our fathers made
it, and bid defiance to traitors who would destroy
our Government."
Sir, let us listen to no compromise with the se-
ceding States until they will concede that the Gov-
ernment of the United ,States,is a Government
proper, and not a rtiere'&ompact of ?State%" that
secession is rebellion, a^d that'it'is tiie'-tljlfcyf qf
the Government to put down such rebellion -/thdt
no State can dissolve the Union'; thatitrs'theffigfit
of the Government to collect tifte reVenub'ahd "pro-
tect the public property, Uiat'tyvoicemthe ma-
jority of the people of the United States, '^h'eh
constitutionally expressed, shall b,e tfte'lawof tiijb
land; and that all men who attempt to deprive ftte
people of the full force of such expression shaft
be punished as traitors; that the Constitution as
ft is shall be obeyed rather' than afoetid'ed; that
slavery, being the creature of local law, can havfe
no' legal existence beyond the jurisdiction of such
law; and that Abraham Lincoln, having been
elected President of the United Statfes fairly, a(nS
according to all the forms of law, Shall'be Inau-
gurated as such. Let us not taffc about'cbmpro-
mise until all these concessions are 1nade."£>ir,
any compromise that acknowledges the power of
a band of traitors to force concessions'from th'e
loyal people of the.United States, i& the'destryc-
tion of the Union and' the demoralization "of the
Government.' Let'us consider no subh compro-
mise until we have settled the question whether
we have a Government; a Government that will
protect itself and puuish, traitors,at all hazards.
Let the authority of .the Federal Government 'be
recognized andregpectesd, the§'tofenmoney,forts,
arsenals, and navy-yards,be returned to "their prop-
er owner. Let th£ rattle-snake flag be'supplanted
by the stars and stripes, the flag of our country,
of Washington and Jackson, that flag which'has
hitherto given protection to all our citizens, at
home ami abroad, all around the globe. "When
this is done, I shall be willing to receive these
"prodigal" sons of the South,,who have be£n
wasting their " substance with riotous living,"
into their father's house again; and when I see
them returning to a sense of duty, while " yet a
great way off," 1 will be ready to embrace them
as brethren, with compassion. But, untii then,
let us see to it that we do nothing that shall inflict
a wound on the free institutions of our country
that ages will pass away before it is healed. Let
every patriot in our countiy rally aiound her glo-
rious old flag, and stand by the Union'without &n
"if," and the Constitution without amendment.
STATE RIGHTS AND STATE EQUALITY.
SPEECH OF HON. THOMAS RUFFIN,
OF NORTH CAROLINA,
In the House of Representatives,
February 20, 1861.
The tlonsc Jiaving under consideration the report from
the select committee of thirty-three—'
Mr. RUFFIN said;
Mr. Speaker: During my long service in Con-
gress, I have rarely occupied the ti,me of tlje
House. I have, aat hero for years a patient lis-
tener. Even now, 1 would prefer to remain silent,
were it, not for the peculiar circumstances by
which I am surrounded. When the Congress of
the United States, assembled in December last,
questions of momentous importance were agitat-
ing; the public mind. I found here a considerable
number of gentlemen holding opinions similar to
those entertained by myself. "W^ith few excep-
tions, those Representatives have vacated their
scats, and returned to their constituents. They
have done this in conformity to the action of the
sovereign States of which they were citizens, and'
to winch they owed allegiance. They have acted
patriotically and nobly. They are now engaged
with their fellow-citizens at home in the mainte-
nance of a great and glorious cause. They and
their constituents are stiuggling to pr«serve the
pujity of the Constitution, the equality of the
States, and the liberties of the people. Sustained
by a conviction of the justice of the cause in which
fhoy have embarked, they have determined to
maintain, outside of the Union, those rights so
unjustly denied them within it.
The inhabitantsof the southern States are now
being tested by the most trying ordeal that ever
tell to thelotof afice people. They are to decide
whether they will tamely and quietly submit to
