228
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 19,
'36th Cong....2d Sess.
State of the Union—Mr. Wade.
Ho. of Reps.
otherwise. The concentration of large bodies of
iroops here,is a withering shame—a burning dis-
grace uponthe country. Those who have.caused '
it to bo done shdulf! be held to,a rigid accounta-
bility. , These troQps'sho.u.ld be sent to the fron-
tier to'proteet the settler'and the emigrant from
flie jfa'ggot 'arid.th^'scalping-knife of"the merciless
savage.. XJi? .President, the Secretary of War,
.the Ijieute^ant'General—I thank my God that my
name stands of re'eord upon the Journals against
the revival of the"'law creating that office—have
violated the spirit of the Constitution, and usurped
powers not Relegated to'them by the law. If such
things had occurred in tbo purer and better days
-of the Republic, these men would be hurled—
ignominiously hurled—from their high places.
As a Representative of the people here, I con-
sider it my duty to protest, and I do protest,
against the flagrant outrages and high-handed
usitrpati&ns of these enemies of the Constitution
of my country, and of these conspirators against
-the liberties of the American people. And I do
"this, sir, in spite of the prcHorian guard that they
have placed around this Capitol to intimidate and
' deter Representatives here from the performance
of their duty. I doitin defiance of the obsequious
xftiser'eants and crouchirtg menials who have
sought to procure the arrest and criminal 'prose-
cution ofSenators and Representatives forexpres-
sions of opinion. I wish from my heart, sir, that
every man in my State could be here to witness
the startling scenes of this eventful era. I wish
they could see the wrongs that are perpetrated
herein the name of the Union, and that they could
see the standing Army of the country paraded
daily through the streets to overawe and terrify
those who have been sent here to legislate for the
country.
The pretense of protecting the public property
-and the archives of the Government is all a sham.
No man in the District of Columbia, outside the
lunatic asylum, has any idea that an attempt will
* be made to mjrade "Washington city. If there is
any man silly enough to believe this cock-and-
bull story, ari inquisition of Kinney should be
issued against him. It is all a mere pretense.
Your committee, charged with the investigation
- of the subject, took evidence, and found that it
amounted to nothing, it appears to have been a
hoax. It found its dupe in the credulity of the
' Executi ve of Maryland. It is to be hoped now,
that Ins Excellency will, from this time forwaiil,
Compose his nerves, and will find more quiet re-
' pose and profound slumber in the ancient borough
of Annapolis than fell to the lot of his illustrious
prototype, the wise, the chivalrous, the redoubt-
able, Sancho Panza, in his island government of
Barataria.
This grand military display, as a mischievous
precedent, will stand unparalleled. As an act of
consummate folly, it will be only equaled by that
of the late expedition of the Star of the West. I
know this is a sore subject with some gentlemen.
Tliey say that the flag of stars and stripes was
insulted. How'insulted? What are the facts?
A private steamer is chartered by the General
Government. It leaves the rity of .New York, in
the day time, with a clearance for a foreign port,
and makes toward the ocean. After nightfall,
under the cover of darkness, it returns and takes
on board munitions of war and a large body of
troops. Sacred pledges had been given that no
effort would be made to reinforce Fort Sumter.
Hence the concealmentand fraud of this clandes-
tine expedition, planned in this city, in secret
conclave, not by Caosars and Cromwells, but by
Catilmesand Guy Pawkeses. When it nears its
real destination—Charleston harbor—the military
are crowded into the hold and concealed from view;
the flag of stars and stripes is floating over its deck,
and its officers imagine they have done, a very
great thing, and will soon slip up to the fort. The
lightning had carried over the wires the true facts
of the case, and the South Carolinians were no
longer under any obligation to respect the flag.
A gallant young rebel poults and fires a gun to—
" buirt the lodgment of the lurking band."
For more than two thousand years men have ad- ;
mired the daring boldness and dashing courage of '
the ardent and impetuous Laocoon, who, rushing
down from the citadel of Trey, hurled his javelin
into the planked sides of the Grecian horse. To
a like immortality in song and legend is destined
the young Carolina rebel, whose well-aimed shot
made the
" Dire infringement of the hallowed wood."
If this Government ever again finds it necesary
to send out such an expedition, it had better
charter for the purpose, not a steamer, but some
long, low, rakish-looking schooner, and hoist at
its peak a black flag, and emblazon its folds with
the skull and cross-bones of the pirate, and they
will thereby save from insult the flag of the stars
and stripes, which, from its past associations, is
dear to us all.
Mr. Speaker, I am reminded that my time is
passing rapidly 011, and I must turn my attention
to another subject. The Constitution of the Uni-
ted States is a masterpiece of wisdom. Our Gov-
ernment is probably the best ever devised by the
genius of man. Its failure lies not in any fault in
the Constitution, but has arisen fiom the con-
struction put upon that instrument. If the peo-
ple of the North had lived up to it, if they had
given to us our guarantied rights, there never
would have been heard one murmur of discontent
from the South. The southern people are con-
servative, not iconoclastic. They cherish the
Constitution, and tkey had no desire to break up
the Government, or to change our existing insti-
tutions. All that has been done by the South has
been a mere demand of our rights. We ask noth-
ing more. Duty to ourselves and to posterity
imperatively demands of us tUttrwo should accept
of nothing less. For almost an age you have been
ringing' it here.upon all occasions, in the cars of
southern men, that slavery was a curse, and that
your connection with the Government made you
participators in the guilt. As you now deny us
our guarantied rights, we propose to rid you of
any supposed responsibility that you are under
in i elation to the institution of slavery. We pro-
pose to separate in peace. You deny that v/e
have any grievances to redress; you say we have
had all our rights. We think we have not, and
we are determined, so far as we can, either to get
those rights in the Union, or out. of it. You tell
us that we shall not go out of the Union. Al-
though we have heard a thousand times fiom
tlTat side of the House that the South is a draw-
back upon the prosperity of the country, that
she was of 110 benefit, now, when we propose to
depart from you, you tell us wc shall continue
with you. If your theory is correct, the South
indeed occupies a strange and anomalous posi-
tion; and it is fortunate for us that wo can bo the
judges 111 our own behalf, that we can exercise the
right of deciding our own case 111 this matter, and
to decide upon our measures of redress. If the
other States of the South think it incumbent upon
them to withdraw from the Union, they will cer-
tainly do so, without asking your permission.
We believe, sir, that the right of secession is a
reserved right; inherent and inalienable; that it
never has been, and never will be suircndercd;
that it is the great remedy bjAvhich to protcctour-
srlvos, our liberties, and our property. Whenever
the day comes that we are satisfied that wc can
no longer remain in the Union with safety to our-
selves, to our rights, to our property, we shall
unquestionably withdraw from it.
There may, Mr. Speaker, be differences of opin-
ion among southern men as to when that time will
arrive. 1 myself believe it lias already arrived.
I think, sir, the crisis is upon us, and the sooner
wo get out of the Union the better. It will be for-
tunate for us if we ran withdiaw befoie these great
measures of taxation which are now being urged
before Congress shall beeomo laws of the land.
Sir, the passage of the tariff bill now pending in
Congress, and the passage of that gigantic project
for constructing three Pacific railr8ads, which will
entail upon this country an enormous debt, render
this Union no longer desirable for the South,
under any circumstances that are likely to occur.
If we remain in the Union, we, and those who live
after us, 111 all time to come, will be ground down
by the iron heel of taxation. Far better that we
should be in a new confederacy, where we can
have an economical Government. We will not
have, in a southern confederacy, that vast num-
ber of peisons called a lobby, who live upon the
Government. Such a class of people is unknown
in the State Legislatures of the South; and it is to
be presumed that a southern congress would be
free from lobby influences.
STATE OF THE UNION.
SPEECH OP HON. EDWARD WADE,
of oiiio,
In the House of Representatives,
February 19, 1861.
The House having under consideration the report from
the select committee of thirty-three—
Mr. WADE said:
Mr. Speaker: Among the multitude of those
who have been disposed to contribute their mite to
the salvation of the country, I propose to say a few
words, not in behalf of that difficult, and thus far
insoluble, problem, but to ask our friends, who are
so eager to make concessions and sacrifices for the
preseivntion of the Union, what they will have
obtained when they have saved it. Sir, a salva-
vation that does not last more than three, five,
seven, or ten years, is hardly worth a struggle,
as it seems to me; and no measure which has yet
been brought forward for saving the Union has,
in my judgment, been at all adequate to that end.
You may make all the concessions that are asked
for by my friend from Indiana, [Mr. Porter,}
who preceded me, as a panacea that will give
health and strength and vitality to the Union;
and yet, when you have "saved" it, by his
method, it will be really no better than it now is.
There is nothing whatever yet proposed by any
committee, or by any individual, which strikes at
the root of the evil. Sir, a Union that may, at
any moment, be destroyed by disaffected and tur-
bulent men, declaring, in a convention, that the
State of which they are-citizens is out of the
Union, is no Union at all. It does not even amount
to aa much aw a tenancy at will at common law,
where the landlord is required to give six months'
notice before tho tenancy can be dissolved. But
this process of secession is preparatory to the
destruction of the most glorious and benignant
Government ever formed by the genius and pa-
triotism of man. No proposition has been brought
forward, by any of these salvation committees,
so far as I know, that even contemplates the giv-
ing of notice of a blow which is to blot out for-
ever the noblest plan of Government ever devised
by tho genius and patriotism of the human race.
Why, sir, we may reconstruct this Union to-
morrow, by granting all the concessions the gen-
tleman from Indiana proposes, and ten times more
added thereto; and the day after to-morrow, by
convention in a slave State, the thing may be re-
morsely dissevered, and become mere dust and
ashes and disjointed bones.
Mr. PORTER. I differ from my friend just
there. I think that if we put down these men
now who menacc the overthrow of the Union, in
two hundred years such another class of men will
not rise.
Mr. WADE. Well, I hope that two hundred
thousand years will not produce exactly such an-
other race. [Laughter.] I have no idea that the
current of nature will be changed by any of our
efforts to prop up this Union. When you have
saved the Union, South Carolina will be in it
again, 1 suppose. If you ever lived in the coun-
try, you have seen, as I have, a flock of unruly
sheep bounding over a fence, one leading the way
at one bound, and the whole flock following after;
and so it would bo again with South Carolina and
the now seceded slave States.
Now, sir, what is all this struggle for? What
, is it worth ? I speak to men of judgment and to
men of sense. Why, sir, we had salvation no
longer ago than 1854. I was here, and was in the
midst of that struggle to save the Union. It was
the first experience I had of these great struggles
for salvation. We were told then, that this Union
was to be forever perpetuated; that now this hated
Missouri restriction upon slavery north of 36^30'
was removed, there was to come a millennium irt
polities. W e were told then, by hundreds of speak-
ers in Congress, and by thousands of orators out of
Congress, that there never was to be another in-
