THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 8,
htiost of law, and it means more than appears
upon its face. Under the pretext of giving time,
it i§ intended to strike out of his hands the appli-
cation which he has made for a renewal accord-
ing to law, and make the application itself worth-
less. So it is these things are pressed on us. We
do not pass a bill to give a pension, we do not
pass a bill for a private claim, without referring
it to a standing committee; but under a sudden
pressure from the outside, we are to be forced in
thishurried manner into interfering with the rights
of property which it has been made the special
business and duty of Congress to protect. As I
said, I do not know how much money Mr. Mc-
Cormick may have made; 1 do not know whether
his patent ought to be renewed or not; and I am
not going to examine it, for I do not belong to the
committee; but I do kno w that this is a very gross
departure from all the principles of justice; and,
in my judgment, it is an attack upon his rights of
property which will, if these parties succeed, be
made the pretext of a claim against us.
Mr. FESSENDEN. As the Senator from Ohio
[Mr. Pugh] appealed to me, and called my spe-
cial attention to that act, I will say a word in re-
ply. What is his point? The statute provides
that certain notice shall be given to all parties to
come in, thus, of course, implying that, at the end
of that period, if the notice is rightly given, all
oarties who do not come in are precluded; they
Mi> longer have any right to object. One party
does come, and contests for a certain length of
time, and at theend of that period Congress inter-
feres, and says that that party may have a longer
time to contest. Now, the Senator from Ohio
argues that that would have the effect of depriv-
ing the parties who were duly invited at first,
and never did come, of any notice! If that is
law, I do not know what sort of ideas of law he
has.
Mr. PUGH. The Senator has taken very great
pains, I was about to say, not to understand me;
and I cannot very well see how it can be other-
vise, not meaning to be impolite. I say the no-
tice is for all parties to appear at a given time and
place. When those parties who choose come
there, they look at the evidence which the law
requires to be filed at that time. The law speci-
fies a great portion of it. They may think that
evidence such that it is not necessary for them to
contradict it, and may go their way in peace.
Now, we come in and we give the opponents of
McCormick a chance to take testimony. The
question is then put to the Senator from Maine
whether Mr. McCormick may now take further
testimony. Ho says the Commissioner may give
him that privilege under this law. I say,"if the
Commissioner does, he sets aside the effect of his
notice to these other parties, all of them. Pie gave
■Otice to the parties to appearatatime and place,
and they appeared; and for aught we know they
were satisfied with the case as it then stood. If
lie allows other evidence to be taken for McCor-
mick, and upon that other evidence grants a re-
newal of tiip patent, he has misled and deceived
other persons by the false notice which he gave
them; and according to the decision to which I
have alluded—1 have not examined the case, I
only saw the note of it—the patent would be of
no validity against them. That is where we have
landed.
Mr. WADE. I am not going to prolong this
debate; my object is to get a decision as soon as
possible. A great deal has been said about out-
ward pressure here. Now, I will state my con-
nection with this matter, and all I know about it.
Nobody has been near me in regard to it. I did
not know there was such a case pending till I saw
the joint resolution come from the House of Rep-
resentatives. The moment that I heard it read, I
did notfail to see that it must involve a question
deeply interesting to the farmers of the whole coun-
try, and to none more than those in the State
which I, in part,represent. It was not necessary
for me to have any other pressure than that, and
I thought it incumbent on me to look into it. As
I inquired a little into it, I found that the rights
of the public were about to be foreclosed forever
on this important subject unless this joint resolu-
tion was brought up and disposed of to-day; and
I asked the Senate to take it up. The great in-
terest which the public have in the question was
seen and apprehended by a large majority of the
Senate in a moment. There may have been out-
side pressure upon the other side, prompting gen-
tlemen to make motions that tended to delay.
Mr. PUGH. The only pressure I spoke of was
the majority of the Senate pressing a resolution
to a vote without reference to the committee.
That, 1 think, was certainly unfair. What I said
was no imputation on the Senator, orany one else.
Mr. WADE. Fcare nothing about it. I have
stated all the connection I have had with the
matter, and it has been because of the interest
which the public at large and my constituents
have in this great question. On looking into it,
I found a paper—I do not know how authentic it
may be—containing what purported to be the
affidavits of the contestants here, and those affi-
davits showed the clearest ground for delay, in
order that testimony might be taken, so that the
controversy might be ended right. I found the
Commissioner pressing these parties right up to
a decision before the testimony had been closed
one week, and testimony taken all over the United
States; and the attorneys for the contestants
swearing that they have had no time yet to take
their testimony, and that it, too, is scattered over
the several Slates; and on their application to the
Commissioner, herefused to give them any longer
time than until next Monday, which will be per-
fectly nugatory. I thought it necessary for me,
under these circumstances, to press this resolu-
tion upon the attention of the Senate.
Now, sir, the motions for delay—to refer to a
committee, to grant instructions, and all these—
having failed, as a kind of aftei-thought, the res-
olution itself is criticised, and it is said to be im-
perfect in some particulars. These men ask, and
they alone ask, delay, so as to be able to take their
testimony. The other party has taken his, and is
ready, prompt, eager, pressing for a decision.
Gentlemen find that this resolution does not pro-
vide that the other party, the patentee, may take
testimony. Well, sir, I would as lief it read that
way as any other; but as a lawyer, 1 know it is
unnecessary that it should be so, and I think any-
body can know that. The Commissioner has
full and perfect jurisdiction over this question of
extending the time for taking testimony, in the
same way that any court would have. Hence the
patentee need not come here for an extension of
time; but if he should, I will promise him this:
if he applies to the Commissioner after we have
got our testimony scattered all over the country,
and that officer puts him on three days' notice to
take it, and he then applies here for time to rebut
that testimony, he shall have my vote to do it.
The amendment is unnecessai y, because you
cannot ptesume that the Commissioner will make
any such decision. The subject is in his power,
ana no doubt he will lend a willing ear to this
party when he applies to him. That he has full
power over it, there is no doubt. Now, my ob-
jection to this amendment is solely that if you
fasten it to the resolution it is fatal to the whole
case. There is no probability that we can fasten
an amendment to this resolution, send it back to
the House ofllepresentatives, have it passed there,
and in the hands of the Commissioner soon enough
to stop the disastrous decision that he is about to
make.
Therefore I am compelled to urge that the ques-
tion shall be decided now and here, and that the
amendment shall be refused; and I am glad to find
that there is no color of right, there is no neces-
sity, for the amendment being made. The Com-
missioner having full power "and authority over
the whole subject, we are not to presume that he
will refuse the other side time to take their testi-
mony, if indeed any should be necessary to rebut
the testimony that we may bring in. Sir, I have
no doubt he will give that time if they want it.
Probably they do not want it; they have taken
apparently all the testimony they want; but if they
should want more, no doubt he will give them
time. X say again, my only objection to the
amendment is, that it will probably prove destruc-
tive of the whole object of the resolution.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is the Senate
ready for the question on the amendment offered
by the Senator from Illinois?
Mr. PUGH. I ask for the yeas and nays on
that amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. FITCH. I have listened with consider-
able curiosity to this legal discussion; and if it
has satisfied.mo of nothing else, it has satisfied
me that the law is a chameleon profession, which
accommodates its principles to the varying views
and interests of individuals. It is not a science,
it appears, any more than is medicine; but if we
are to judge of it by the opinions expressed by
the Senator from Maine [Mr. Fessenden] and the
Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Wade,] unlike the pro-
fession of medicine, it conflicts at times with com-
mon sense. J think the amendment of the Sena-
tor from Illinois [Mr. Douglas] eminently proper,
and the views of those who have opposed it cer-
tainly erroneous. I do not advance this opinion,
however, as a legal one; but you may take it if you
choose as a medical, [laughter,] that is, a common
sense view of the question.
Mr. BAKER. 1 did not quite hear the honor-
able Senator. Did he say that the profession of
medicine conflicted with common sense?
Mr. FITCH. No; but the Senator's profes-
sion. 1 believe he is a lawyer.
Mr. BAYARD. Will the Senator from Indiana
allow me to ask him if doctors do not sometimes
disagree? [Laughter.]
Mr. BAKER. I understand that the Senator
from Indiana says that the legal profession 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator from Indiana give way?
Mr. BAKER. 1 want to hear him.
Mr. FITCH. I cannot repeat.
Mr. BAKER. Does the honorable gentleman
say that the legal profession conflicts with com-
mon sense ?
Mr. FITCH. I presume the reporter caught
my language, and the Senator from Oregon can
read it in the morning. I will say, however, that
if the profession does not conflict with common
sense, some of what they would have us receive
as law does—an example of which is found in the
construction of this joint resolution by the Senator
from Ohio and the Senator from Maine.
We are called upon to legislate on the assump-
tion that an officer of the Government, a sworn
officer, sworn to discharge his duty legally, con-
stitutionally, faithfully, impartially, will not thus
perform it, will disregard his official oath, and de-
cide in a prejudiced manner. It is proposed to
counteract Lhis prejudice by enacting a law de-
signed apparently—no, I will not say designed,
but certainly a law which will have the effect—to
call forth the prejudices of the successor of this
officer in the event of that successor having any
latent prejudice in the case. You say to him that
he need not take testimony for the applicant, but
shall for the contestant. Granted, as the Senator
from Maine says, that he may have under the old
law the right to take testimony for the applicant:
you do not call upon him to exercise that right;
and if he has the slightest prejudice in the case,
he will never exercise it, but will act in strict con-
formity to the letter of your new law; and the
Senator from Ohio virtually admitted that such
would be his action. He says that the applicant
does not desire any more testimony. True, he is
willing to rest the case as it is, as I understand;
but lie does not know what kind of testimony the
contestants may bring out under this resolution.
They may possibly adduce testimony which may
render it absolutely essential for the proper pro-
tection of his rights, that he should have the priv-
ilege of introducing rebutting testimony; but he
is excluded from that privilege by this resolution.
That is my opinion. Do you call it only a law
opinion by a medical man ? Well, sir, if it be an
M. D's. opinion, I have more confidence in it than
in that of any prejudiced LL.D. [Laughter.]
The Senator from Ohio dwelt with some force
upon the statements of the attorneys in this case,
alleging the absolute necessity of additional testi-
mony. One of those attorneys, it will appear by
the report in the case on the part of the acting
Commissioner of Patents, has already involved
himself in a self-contradiction. One of them states
that lie has only been attorney in this case for a
certain limited time; and that is one of the reasons
he adduces in favor of the extension of the period
for taking testimony; alleging that, having bee.n
attorney for but a short period, he has not had
sufficient time within which to take testimony.
It appears, however, by the report of the acting
Commissioner, that this same gentleman has pro-
fessed to be the attorney for these protestants a
much longer time than he states in his application
for an extension. I leave him and his friends to
reconcile this discrepancy in his statements
