1861.
" THE CONGRESSIONAL &LOB1I
The Senator intimated that there might be an
outside pressure operating upon gentlemen on
this side, inducing them to delay this question.
Mr. WADE. Oh, no; I did not say that. 1
said that my colleague had stated that there was
an outside pressure, and I replied to it. I did not
say there was any.
Mr. FITCH . If the Senator simply disclaimed
it for himself, it was his right for him to do so.
I have no right to suppose any outside pressure
operated on him; and I am sure none did on me.
Mr. WADE. I did notsay that there was,any
such pressure operating.
Mr. FITCH. The debate so far, if anything
was wanting to convince us of the impropriety of
hastily adopting this resolution, I should think
had supplied the want. Here are grave legal ques-
tions involved; and yet you propose to pass the
resolution without permitting it to go through the
usual routine of reference to a committee and a
report from that committee, when you have the
pledge of the committee, and accompanied with
a motion to instruct it, even if the plcdgewas not
fiven, to report back the resolution to-morrow.
f, therefore, there is delay in its passage, that
delay is properly chargeable to those who have
refused to permit the resolution to take the ordi-
nary course of legislation, a refusal which I ap-
prehend they will ultimately find will not hasten
its passnge.
Mr. GREEN. 1 am very sorry to see the whole
day appropriated for private bills consumed with
one question, and I do hope we shall take the vote
after I make a single remark. 1 desire the pas-
sage of this resolution in order to postpone the
decision, and I will state frankly why I desire it.
The present acting Commissioner was clerk when
the present attorney for McCormick was Com-
missioner of Patents. This fact gives him, al-
though a high-toned gentleman, an undue influ-
ence over him This is my information; it may
not be correct. I want the decision postponed.
Every farmer in the State of Missouri who buys
a reaper, is taxed at least fifteen dollars for the
benefit of this patentee. He has made millions
of dollars. The ubject of the patent law has been
fully accomplished, and I am opposed to giving
him money at the expense of the farmers; and
hence 1 shall go for the resolution.
Mr GRIMES. I am going with the Senator
from Missouri in favor of the passage of this res-
olution; but the former Commissioner of Patents
to whom he alludes as having been Commissioner
when the present officcr in charge of that bureau
was chief clerk, I think was a citizen of my own
State, and 1 desire to say here and now, that I do
not believe that gentleman has at this time at-
tempted, or that he will ever attempt to exercise
any undue influence over that chief clerk, or over
anybody else. I believe that he is a man entirely
above reproach and above suspicion. I concur
entirely in the views of the Senator from Mis-
souri m regard to the passage of this resolution;
but I think that it is justice to that former Com-
missioner, a citizen of my own State, that I should
make this declaration.
Mr. GREEN. One word in explanation. I
did not intimate anything against the honor of the
gentleman; but his former position gives him that
influence, whether he desires to exercise it or
not.
Mr. GRIMES. Iam satisfied that he does not.
The question being taken by yeas and nays on
Mr. Douglas's amendment, resulted—yeas 18,
nays 25; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Bigler, Bragg, Clingman, Doug-
las. Fitch. Hunter, Johnson of Arkansas, Johnson of Ten-
nessee, Kennedy, Lane, Muson, Nicholson, Polk, Powell,
Pugh, Saulsbury, and Thomson—18.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Bmglmm, Cameron, Chand-
ler, Clark, Oollamer, Doolittle, Dutkee, Fes^enden, Foot,
Foster, Green, Grimes, Hale, Hailan, King, Latham, Mor-
rill, Simmons, Sumner, Ten Eyck, Trumbull, Wade, Wil-
kinson, and Wilson—2o.
So the amendment was rejected.
The joint resolution was ordered to a third read-
ing, and was read the third time.
Mr. BAYARD. On the passage of the resolu-
tion, I ask for the yeas and nays. I do not do it
for delay; but I want to record my vote against
such a precedent.
The yens and nays were ordered.
Mr. JOHNSON,of Tennessee. I wanttovote
against the extension of this patent, if I can.
What is the question ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On the pas-
sage of the resolution. The resolution is for ex-
tending the time to take testimony on the part of
the contestants.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. 1 vote, then,
in favor of the resolution.
The question being taken by yeas and nays
on the passage of the resolution, resulted—yeas
28, nays 18; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Bingham, Cameron, Chandler,
Clark, Collamer, Dixon, "Doolittle, Durkee, Fessendeu,
Foot, Foster, Green, Gurnet, Hale, Ilarlan, Johnson of
Tennessee, King, Latham, Morrill, Sebastian, Simmons,
Sumner,Ten Eyck,Trumbull, Wade, Wilkinson, and Wil-
son—28.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Bigler, Bragg, Bright, Clingman,
Douglas, Fitch, Hunter, Johnson of Arkansas, Kennedy,
Lane, Mason, Nicholson, Polk. Powell, Pugh, Rice, aud
Saulsbury—18. 9
So the joint resolution was passed
FORT SUMTER.
The following message from the President of
the United States was read:
To the Seriate and House of Representatives:
I deemed it a duty to tians-mit to Congress, with my
message of the 8th January, the correspondence which oc-
curred in December la^, between the'•'commissioners"
of South Carolina and myself.
Since that penod,on the I4tli January, Colonel Isaac W.
Hayne, the attorney general of South Carolina, called and
informed me that he was the beater of a letter horn Gov-
ernor Pickens to myself, which he would deliver the next
d«i>. lie \vn>, howevei, induced, by the intei position of
Hon. Jefferson Davis and nine other Senators fiotn the
seceded and seceding States, not to deliver it on the day
appointed, nor was it communicated to me until the Slit
January, with lus letter ot that date. Their letter to linn,
urging this delay, beais date January 15, and was the com-
mencement of a correspondence, the whole ot which, in
my possession, I now submit to Congress. A reference to
each letter of the series, in proper order, accompanies this
message. JAMES BUCHANAN.
Washington, February 9, 1861.
Mr. COLLAMER. I move that the message
and the accompanying papers be laid on the table,
and printed.
The motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Hays, Chief Clerk, announced that the
House had passed the bill of the Senate (S. No.
58) for the relief of George B. Bacon, late acting
purser of the sloop-of-war Portsmouth.
The message further announced that the House
had passed a bill (No. 924) granting an invalid
pension to John Rogers, of Tennessee; in which
the concurrence of the Senate was requested.
BILLS BECOME LAWS.
The message further announced that the Pres-
ident of the United States had approved and signed,
on the 5th instant, the following bills:
A bill (H. R. No. 876) for the benefit of Ga-
briel J. Johnston;
A bill (H. R. No. 919) for the relief of F. M.
Beauchamp and Betsy D. Townsend; and
A bill (H. R. No. G70) granting an increase of
pension to William G. Bernard, late a soldier in
the United States Army.
PRINTING OF DOCUMENTS.
The message further announced that the House
had ordered, on the Oth instant, at twelve o'clock
and thirteen minutes, the printing of a letter from
the Secretary of the Interior m answer to a res-
olution of the House, asking by what author-
ity certain money allotted to Mary Woodbury
and others, under the Sioux treaty, was paid.
LOAN BILL.
Mr. PEARCE, from the committee of confer-
ence on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
on the bill (H. It. No. 972) authorizing a loan,
submitted the following report:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses on the bill (II. R. No. 972^ authorizing
a loan, having met, after full and free conference have
agreed u> iecommend,anddo recommend, to the respective
Houses, as follows:
That the Hou^e of Representatives recede from their
disagreement to the Senate's second amendment, and
agree to the same with an amendment as follows : Strike
out the whole amendment, and insert m lieu thereof the
following:
Sec. 5. Jlndbe it further enacted, That the residue of the
loan authorized by the act of 22d of Juno, I860, or so much
thereof as 1-5 necessary, shall be applied to the ledemption
of the Treasury notes issued under the act of 17th ot De- I
cernber. 1860, and foi no other puipo^e; and the Secretary j
of the Treasury is heieby authorised, at hi* discietion, to j
exchange at par, bonds of the United States authorized by I
said act of 23d June, 1860, for the eaid Treasury notefe and
the accruing interest thereon.
Sec. 6. *dnd be it further enacted, That to-defray the ex-:
pense of engraving and piinting certificates of such stools^'
and other expenses incident to the execution of this act,
the sum of $20,000 is hereby appropriated: Provided* Tfctat
no compensation shall be allowed for any service performed
under this act, to any officei whose salary is established by
law.
Sec. 7. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the Secretary oi
the Treasury shall not be obliged to accept the most favor-
able bids as hereinbefore provided, unless he shall consider,
it advantageous to the United States to do so; but, for apy
portion ot such loan not taken under the first advertisement,
he reay advertise again at his discretion. •
J. A. PEARCE,
WILLIAM M. GWIN,
Ii. B. ANTHONY,
Manager* on the fart of the Senate.
JOHN SHERMAN,
JOHN S. PHELPS,
THADDEUS STEVEN'S,
Managers on the part of the House of Representatives.
A subsequent message from the House of Rep-
resentatives announced that the House had agreed
to the report of the committee of conference on
the disagreeing votes of the two Houses on the
bill (H. R. No. 972) authorizing a loan.
THE! TARIFF BILL.
Mr. SIMMONS obtained the floor.
Mr. LANE. Mr. President 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator from Rhode Island yield to the Senator from
Oregon ?
Mr. LANE. I only rise to inquire whether we
should not now proceed to theconsideratioriofthe
special order set for this day—the Private Calen-
dar. I desire to say that I believe no constituent
of mine has any interest in any private bill now
ponding. I have not presented a private bill; I
know of no person living in Oregon who has any
interest in any private bill pending before the
Senate; but there are many private bills which
have passed the House of Representatives, ahd
are on your Calendar, that require the considera-
tion of this body; and, with the'view of doingjus"-
tice to those who have just claims upon the Gov-
ernment, a week ago I asltcd that this day bd set
apart for the consideration of private bills. The
whole day, up to this time, has been consumed,
and the Private Calendar neglected. I ask now
that the remainder of the day be appropriated to
the consideration of private bills.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair jwll
suggest to the Senator from Oregon that the Sen-
ate have already, by a vote, suspended the order
assigning to-day for the consideration of the Pri-
vate Calendar.
Mr. LANE. That was, as 1 understood, for
the consideration of a special bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It was a sus-
pension of the order assigning this day for the
consideration of that subject.
Mr. LANE. Then I ask the Senate——-
Mr. SIMMONS. I believe I have the floor. I
did not give way for a speech.
Mr. BRAGG. I thought the order was sus-
pended for the special purpose of going on with
the matter then before the Senate, at the instance
of the Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Wade.]
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
was a general one, without qualification or limita-
tion, to suspend that order.
Mr. LANE. Then, is it not in order for ma
to move to take up the Private Calendar?
Mr. SIMMONS. Not while I have the floor.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If the Senator
from Rhode Island yields for that purpose, the
Chair will receive the motion.
Mr. LANE. I shall be obliged to him if he
will do so.
Mr SIMMONS. I cannot do it. I move to
take up House bill No. 338, to provide for the
payment of outstanding Treasury notes, to au-
thorize a loan, to regulate and nx the duties on
imports, and for other purposes.
Mr. GREEN. Is that the tariffbill ? ["Yes."]
It is too late in the day to take that up now.
Mr. POLK. I should like to know from the
Senator from Rhode Island whether he means to
take up that bill in order to go into the consider-
ation of it now, or for the purpose of making it a
special order for some future day? I have no
objection to taking up the bill, if the latter is his
object; but I have, if the former is. This day
was specially set aside for private bills. Private
bills have had -but one day this session, and we
adjourned very early that day, and I think it is
