230
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 19,
36th Cong....2d Sess.
State of the Union—Mr. Wade. ■
Ho. of Keps.
violated by the free States. No solitary instance
can they produce where the free States have acted
in bad faith in respect to these compromises. We
did not in respect to the Missouri compromise.
We submitted to it. It was a bitter pill for the
men who ruled the free States in that day to sub-
mit, to the Missouri compromise. Our fathers
he* 1(1 all the territory to be free; but, under that
compromise, they were virtually excluded from
all trie Territories below latitude 360 30'; while
they believed that, under the Constitution, all the
Territories were free.
Well, sir, no sooner had our population ex-
tended into the far West so far as to induce our
resolute and determined freemen to look to Kan-
sas for the settlement and establishment of their
homes, than that compromise was broken on the
part of the slave power; it was instantly and re-
morselessly broken, and the complaints and the
remonstrances of the free States disregarded and
even jeered at.
But, sir, I regret to say that I could never blame
the South for that. I have never uttered one word
of discontent on account of it, because those who
did it were but northern tools who lent themselves
to the uses of their southern masters for that spe-
cial breach of national faith and honor. That fatal
measure was carried through by the ambition,
the unbridled ambition, of northern men, They
repealed that compromise, and it does not become
the North to grumble at southern aggressions
consummated by northern men. They, the allies
of the slave power, took the inheritance which
had been set aside by our fathers for the purposes
of free labor, and we have nothing to say, for it
■was northern men, whose ambition sought the aid
of the slave States to elevate them to the highest
places in the nation, who did it. But these tools
have had, and are having, their pay for it; and I
rejoice when retribution knocks at the threshold
of baseness.
To meet this combined assault upon freedom's
heritage, we established some emigrant aid soci-
eties. Those wore condemned by the slavehold-
ers and their northern Democratic allies as a vile
and outrageous instrumentality. But in what?
Why, sir, in filling the Territory of Kansas with
emigrants from the free States. Then these emi-
grants were left upon the borders of Missouri;
left to the lawless violence of those whoj-ecognize
no right in the white race which may impair the
title to slaves, or the profits of slave labor. It
was then, and it is still, believed that it would bo
impossible for the people of the free States to take
possession of that Territory,and secure it to free-
dom. But the sturdy arm of free labor put itself
to the work of sending hardy emigrants into that
Territory; under all the difficulties of the naviga-
tion of the Missouri river, and the passage of the
intervening plains, and ali the desperate measures
resorted to by the people upon the northern bor-
ber of the slave States, I had the energy to enter
there and to supplant the emigrants from the slave
States. That was a crime that has never yet been
forgiven, on the part of southern men toward the
North. It is one of those injuries, as they call it,
which they cannot forgive.
Sir, this struggle would never have come upon
us had we left that Territory open under the
Missouri restriction. Under that restriction, there
never would have been a struggle between the
slave States and the free States. Yet, sir, the
South, with a few noble exceptions, joined to a
man with a minority of our own Democrats in the
free States, and repealed that restriction, and
threw the Territory open to the influx of the slave-
holder and his slaves. Because the free States
sent out emigrants, and furnished them with facil-
ities for their sustenance and labor while taking
possession, and finally of outnumbering and out-
voting those who were sent thither from the slave
States, we have had the struggle which has cul-
minated in the admission of Kansas into the Union
as a free State. Were the South to blame for that ?
Were they not eager and grasping for that which
they ought to have left to the peaceful settlement
of the people of the free States? Would there
ever have been this extreme and dangerous con-
test which is going forward now, if the South had
faithfully maintained that Missouri restriction?
Never, sir; never! There never would have been
a single murmur between the North and the South,
had it not been for that violation of faith on the
part of- northern Democrats in complicity with
southern slaveholders. I will not cast unmerited
censure upon the South. They did in that thing,
probably, what we would have done if we could
have found instruments upon their side as utterly
reckless of and treacherous to the trust confided
to them, as they found in the great body of the
free-State Democracy.
Now,Mr.Chairman,there are signsof vitality
in another element which has lain dormant hith-
erto, so far as I have had experience in these con-
troversies, and that is, the right of secession.
Where did that originate ? How came it into the
heads of men that there was, under the Constitu-
tion, a right to secede and break up the Govern-
ment created by the Constitution ? I do not know
the origin of it. 1 have never investigated this
pernicious heresy. But, sir, there never was de-
vised an illegal or a wicked measure in favor of
which bad men may not raise a show of argu-
ment. The greatest evil under which the slave
States now labor seems to be the unequal growth
and prosperity of the free and slave States. At
first thought, this evil would seem to be remedi-
less, but human genius seems adequate to meet
all the emergencies of its conditions; and to check
this evil of the overgrowth of the free States, the
slave States are to secede from the Union.
But, while speaking of secession, let us examine
for a moment this " right of secession," about
which so many speak so wisely. If aState has a
right to abandon the Union, by asserting that it
withdraws from the Union, then, evidently, there
is no Union. Underthis childish dogma the Union
framed by our ever glorious fathers was, and is,
a humbug and a cheat, and tllose who framed it
fools! If aState, without provocation, can with-
draw when it has received and ackowledged the
Constitution to be the supremo law, and its people
have bound themselves by the obligations of the
most solemn oaths to support that supreme law,
then there is nothing by which a human being can
lay himself under a moral obligation; there is no
faith to be reposed in human nature itself. Law
is mockery, and constitutions a delusion and a
sham. To say that citizenship can be thrown off
at will, and that all the luws of the Federal Gov-
ernment can be at once cast aside, asamesmerizer
dabbles over his subject by a toss of the hand or
the snap of his fingers, is to say that our fathers
were fools, and that, their descendants have re-
mained fools up to the present session of Congress.
Why, sir, you could not hold a school district to-
gether, in any one of the free States, under any
such bond as that. The Constitution declares that
it, and all the laws made under it, are the supreme
law of the land; but if this right of secession be
recognized, then the Constitution and the laws
made under it are no laws at all. They are obliga-
tory upon no one; and if any body of men, gath-
ering themselves together in what they call a con-
vention , may divest themselves ofevery obligation
of citizenship, then the Constitution of the United
States, said to have been the work of a body of
• the wisest and best men read of in history, must
have been a congregation of the merest charlatans
which ever excited the ridicule or contempt of
mankind.
Mr. Chairman, there lias not been a solitary
individual upon the opposite side, so far as I have
listened, who has even taken the trouble to call in
question the right of secession. Cnerre a State,
say they. Why, you cannot coerce a State! And
in a moment, the entire southern delegations are
in a blaze of excitement. But not a man of them
calls in question the right of a State to coerce the
Confedciacy. What is coercion? To compel a
man to do his duty; is that coercion' No, sir; it
is simply holding him to his legal and moral obli-
gations. Why, civilized nations are those only
who hold men and nations to the discharge of their
national and civil obligations—all others are bar-
barians. Under this silly and pernicious dogma
of State supremacy, every State, every county,
and every individual man, woman, and child, may
repudiate the laws, may with impunity secede
from the laws; may cast off his legal and moral
obligations, turn pirate, robber, or what he pleases,
and will have as valid an excuse for so doing as
these seceding States have for their present anar-
chic movement.
But here again comes up that terrible specter of
coercion. Oh, you cannot coerce a State! There
is no purpose of, or necessity for, compelling a
State by brute force to submit to Federal author-
ity; but we have a right to execute the laws of
the Confederacy. Wherever the Confederacy
extends, every man, woman, and child, is bound,
and every Federal and State officer has bound
himself, by solemn oath, to support the Constitu-
tion of the United States; and the Federal Gov-
ernment has the unquestionable right to exact
obedience to it, and the laws made in pursuance
thereof. No act of secession can for a single mo-
ment annihilate this power or subvert the right
to exercise it in defense of the laws and Constitu-
tion of the United States. But how should it ex-
ecute this power? If we undertake to execute a
law of the Federal Government in one of the se-
ceding States, that is said to be coercion. While
the seceding States have, by the acts of mere ex-
temporized and volunteer conventions, divested
themselves of the obligations they took upon them-
selves when they entered the Confederacy as co-
equal States, under this most fallacious and shal-
low pretext they seize your forts, your arsenals,
your ships of war, your mints and treasure, and
appropriate them to themselves, and then coolly
wrap themselves round with the comfortable gar-
ment of "State sovereignty and no coercion,"
saying that these things are theirs, because found
within their State boundaries. " We have se-
ceded,".say they, "and whatever within our lim-
its belonged to the old Confederacy is ours;" and
thus they prove the omnipotence of State sover-
eignty. They have divested themselves, by their
own ex parte acts, of the supreme law that was
upon them. They acknowledge its supremacy;
they swear to obey it; they lifted up their hands
to Heaven, and called upon Almighty God to wit-
ness that they would uphold the Constitution of
the United States; and their firsKtiuty and their
first allegiance was to the supreme law of the land
—the Constitution; and when the constitution or
laws of a State contravenes that suprefne law, it
mows them down as the scythe of the mower cuts
the grass before it. They cannot but know it.
Every man, who ever read the Constitution,
knows that such is the law; and those who ad-
minister it have sworn to obey that law; and if
they forbear to obey it, they are false to the oath
which they have taken. They who have sworn
to support the Constitution of the United States,
have sworn to submit to that Constitution as the
supreme law of the United States—as their su-
preme and holiest obligation—and they cannot
divest themselves of this moral necessity without
the consent of the entire national Confederacy.
Sir, in the eyes of the civilized world, these pro-
ceedings which are now being transacted at the
South will be looked upon, not as the acts of sane
men, but as the acts of men acting under the in-
fluence of insanity. All these agitations and dan-
gers were foreseen when the onslaught was made
upon the old and long-recognized supremacy of
the Missouri compromise, acknowledged to be
constitutional by Mr. Calhoun, Mr. Crawford,
and all the great men of the slave States at that
period of our history. If I were so disposed, I
might go on and demonstrate how perfectly this
state of things was predicted in the discussions
which occurred when that Missouri compromise
line was repealed. I could show that such repeal
was the act of the slave States themselves; that
they were the ringleaders in the work; that they
were the men who absolutely drove it through,
and consummated that piece of political madness
and folly and wickedness, with the aid, however,
of a few ambitious, and not a few unscrupulous
and recreant men from the free States; men who
have ever been the playthings and the tools of th^
slave power; men who cannot be relied upon
where the interests of human liberty are imperiled.
There has always existed such a class of men in
the free States; and their existence there is one
of the strongest reasons why we cannot and ought
not to yield to the South in this controversy. By
so doing we demoralize ourselves, bring the free
States into utter contempt with the South, and
render them powerless for the support of the Con-
stitution and the laws.
  Again: the border States call upon us to make
great sacrifices for the purpose of retaining them
