1861.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
231
36th Cong....2d Sess.
Militia Law—Mr. Bocock.
Ho. of Reps.
in the Union There has been something in the
conduct of these States which has seemed to me
very extraordinary. The Gulf States have arrayed
themselves against the Union, sword in hand, bid-
ding defiance to the laws and Constitution of the
Federal Government; telling us that'they are now
eternally free from the Union. They have seized
our forts, our arsenals, our dock-yards, our mints,
our money, and our arms; and are, to-day, defy-
ing us to retake this booty from them. In this
pernicious work, these border States, which claim
to be loyal, aid and abet the Gulf State revolu-
tionists; and, with them, deny the right of the
Federal Government to repossess itself of its own
property, or to ask compensation for it. These
Gulf States have gone out of the U nion ,and placed
themselves in a condition in which, as they assert,
they can make alliances with any foreign foe, or
to permit such Power to march through their ter-
ritory to attack us here in the Capitol at any time.
They insist upon maintaining this power. And
what are the border States doing in view of this
gigantic treason ? To this point, I desire to call
the attention of the border State men and those
who symphathize with them as I do, for I do
sy mphathize with them, and, were it in my power,
would aid them through this great contest with
the slave power. But what can we do for them ?
Here are the cotton States menacing the Con-
federacy on the entire Gulf coast and along the
Mississippi, saying to us, " hands off." Batter-
ies are erected on the banks of the Mississippi,
and bayonets flash in our faces from either bank
of that £reat thoroughfare, to drive us from the
enjoyment of rights secured to us by the solem-
nity of treaties—rights hitherto undeniedand un-
deniable, and essential to our security as a people.
Now, these border States say to us, that they
shall be compelle'd to join those hostile States, if
we do not yield to the demands of those States.
They assure us, that unless we concede to all
which the in suffer able arrogance of the Gulf
States demands of us, they shall be constrained to
abjure the Union, and unite with the Gulf States,
in compelling us to yield to these outrages on
our acknowledged rights. Such is the language
of the border States. They put forward their
demand sometimes as if asking a favor, but quite
often in the way of menace; while some of their
Representatives, noble-spirited men as ever trod
God's footstool, contend bravely for what they
know to be right, in the face of an opposition
that might daunt the bravest, however great his
pluck or courage. To those men, I extend my
most cordial sympathy. But, sir, we cannot yield
to such a plea. It is ruin to us. It invites ag-
gression.
Thus, we are shut up between the seceding
Gulf States and the menacing border States.
Why, sir, he that is not for the freedom, the inde-
pendence, and the integrity of the Confederacy,
is against it; and he that gathereth not with us,
who are for the entire Confederacy, " scattereth
abroad." Gentlemen of the border States stand up
here, and tell us flatly, that if wc do i\pt yield to
the demands of the Gulf States, they shall be com-
pelled to assist them to coerce us, while we may
not coerce any one, even to obey the Constitution
and the laws ! Yes, sir, they can aid in coercing
us; and any man who has been here through any
of these struggles, knows exactly how the influ-
ences of this atmosphere operate m these matters.
On the approach of the day for suspending the
rules of the House, there is opened a tremendous
cannonade of words, if I may so designate it,
from the other side, uttered in the most menacing
spirit and language; and then, as an accompani-
ment, in step these border State friends of ours
and tell us we must yield, or, in case of refusal,
they will be compelled to go with the nullifiers
and secessionists. Why, sir, such language is a
menace to us, as far as it goes, and (and I think I
do not depict it in too deep a color) places the bor-
der States as allies with the secessionists against
the free States. They menace us with a secession
which will dissolve the Confederacy in spite of
any antidote which human wisdom can devise,
What do the combined border and Gulf States
demand? They demand, sir, that we shall ac-
knowledge, in a constitutional amendment, the
right of property in slaves. They insist that the
Constitution recognizes such right of property
now. but if it does, we might well ask why dupli-
cate the right by a constitutional amendment?
Now, sir, the Constitution does no such thing.
It does not treat slaves as property. If it had,
our fathers would never have signed that Consti-
tution, nor sworn to support it, nor would the
people have adopted it as the supreme law of the
land; and they have told us in the record that they
would not admit that slavery existed anywhere
under the Government of the United States. And
now, we must cast aside as a worn out and worth-
less thing the Constitution which our fathers
made, and make a new Constitution containing
new guarantees for human bondage; such amend-
ments as these, what are they but revolution?
Nothing! It is the Constitution as it was made
by our fathers, that we are willing to stand by
forever. There is hardly a son of the South, not
a Representative of a southern constituency, on
this floor, who would not tell us frankly that he is
for an amendment of the Constitution, and for
such an amendment as would clearly and in ex-
press terms make slaves property, with all the
incidents attaching to personal property; nay,
that would make them more than personal prop-
erty, even to the extent that no law or constitu-
tion could ever divest them of the character of
property, by restoring them to the condition of
irfen.
Slaves are property now, they say; but they
want us so to amend the Constitution as to make
it say that slaves are absolute property., just as a
horse or an ox is property. They contend that
we are bound to do that. Well, now, I think we
ought not to submit to that; and I want to warn
my free State friends that each one of them that
yields to these demands of these border State men,
or to their imprecations or entreaties in their be-
half, is doomed, politically, in the free States. No
man can stand up under the pressure upon him
from the North to make no more concessions to
slavery, to give it no new guarantees., They say
that we have not dealt with them justly; that we
do not abide by our constitutional obligations.
Then why, in God's name, do they demand more
obligations for us to violate, when they deny that
we have obeyed those imposed upon us by our
fathers?
Sir, every man who has had any experience in
this House knows that, when a day comes round
in which the rules can be suspended, a little before
the opening of the session for the day, menaces
are whispering from the border States of unseen
and undreamed-of dangers to the Union; of new
secession, and all its crimesand follies; of civil war
and insurrections; that those horrors cannot be
'averted but by concessions to slavery from the
free States. This kind of terrorism seems to have
been reduced almost to a science, and is sure to
be put in operation on days when the rules of the
House can be suspended. If the timid are fright-
ened, or the faithless tempted, so as to vote to
suspend the rules, (which requires two thirds of
a quorum,) then a compromise which can only
command a naked majority is let loose upon the
House with impunity, and goes through under the
whip and spur of the previous question. Butthcse
gentlemen who only voted to suspend the rules can
vote no on the passage in a voice of thunder, and
say to their constituents "We are all right on the
record." They can say all that to those who do not
know; but to those who do know it is the mean-
est kind of treachery to truth anil justice. Now,
sir, as to these compromises in favor of slavery
contained in the Constitution of theUnited States,
I am willing to abide; but I have no concessions
to make beyond what the Fathers made; I know
of nothing which I can concede which would,
in my judgment, contribute to harmonize this
Confederacy. It is composed of free-labor and
slave-labor States. On the question of greatest
importance—its material interests—these two sys-
tems never have been reconciled, and never can
be reconciled, so as to make them work harmo-
niously, unless we can have a new tempering of
the human heart—a reconstruction of human na-
ture itself. If your politicians can make man over
again, and make him look .upon slavery as just
and righteous, and as agreeable to humanity, to
revelation, and to the judgment of Omnipotence,
they may reconcile the two systems, but they
can do it no other way.
I say, then, letnature, let the inevitable course
of events, take its way. We cannot, by thrusting
ourselves under the wheels of this car, Stop its
progress. It will roll on for freedom or for bond-
age ; and notwithstanding all ourlittle efforts to stay
up the ark of slavery, when it rolls and rocks
under the pressure of an inevitable and hopeless .
antagonism, we ought not to be frightened from
our propriety. Let us say to the South.: where
slavery is, it is yours; God forbid that we should
trench upon one iota of that measure of protefition
which the Constitution and the laws agreeing
with the Constitution give you; but do not ask ua
to go beyond these. You have been asking this
protection of slavery for the last twenty-five years.
You never have made the protection effectual; and
the reason is, because you never can make slavery
and freedom work harmoniously together under
the Divine arrangements on earth. Let us cease,
then, to do this. Let us still be friends and jog
along as we have been jogging along before; leav-
ing these Gulf States to meet the consequences of
the patent folly of their precipitation, in thus rush-
ing from the Union in the madness of passion only
to desire to return and be with us in the peace
and prosperity which they can only enjoy under
a Government so stable, so mild in all its opera-
tions, so beneficent in all its intentions and pur-
poses, as that which our fathers formed. With
that I am content; under that I mean to live; and
I mean to end my political life standing by it—
standing by it as the fathers bequeathed it to us;
and refusing to yield one iota to make slavery
stronger and freedom weaker than these institu-
tions are made by that immortal labor of our
immortal fathers.
MILITIA LAW.
SPEECH OF HON. T. S. BOCOCK,
Off VIRGINIA,
In the House of Representatives,
February 20 and, 21, 1861.
The bill to authorize the President to call out the mili-
tary force of the country, and to accept of volunteers in
certain cases, having been called up for consideration-
Mr. BOCOCK: said:
Mr. Speaker: Before I proceed with the dis-
cussion of this bill, I ask that it may be read at
the Clerk's desk; and that the members of the
House will give to it their attentive consideration.
The bill was then read, as follows:
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United States of Jlmerica in Congress assembled, That
the provisions of an act approved the 28th day of February,
in the year 1795, entitled " An act to provide for calling
forth the militia to execute the laws of the Union, suppress
insurrections, and repel invasions, and to repeal the act now
in force for those purposes," and of the act approved the
3d day of March, in the year 1807, entitled " An act author-
izing the employment of the land and naval forces of the
United States in eases of insurrections," are hereby ex-
tended to tile case of insurrections against the authority of
the United States.
Sec. 2. Jlni be it further enacted, That the President, in
any ease in which it may be lawful to use either the mili-
tia or the military and naval force of the United States for
the purpose aforesaid, may acccpt the services of such vol-
unteers as may offer their services, as cavalry, infantry, or
artillery, organized in companies of the maximum stand-
ard, squadrons and regiments, respectively, according to
the mode prescribed for the organization of tbe respective
arms in the military establishment of theUnited Stotes;
and it shall he lawful for the Piesident to commission the
officers of such companies, battalions, squadrons, and regi-
ments, in their respective grades, to continue till discharged
from the serviceot' the United States; and such volunteers,
while in the service of the United States, shall be subjept
to the rules and articles of war, and shall be entitled to
same pay and emoluments as officers and soldiers of the
same grade in the regular service.
Mr. BOCOCK. It is an ungracious task, Mr.
Speaker, in abodjr like this, to oppose one's self
in debate to what is evidently a foregone conclu-
sion. When I remember the circumstances un->
der which this bill was introduced, the disposition
manifested to cut off debate, and the votes, already
taken in relation to it, I cannot doubt the purpose
of the dominant party here to hurry it through to
its final passage. Yet, sir, so strong are my ob-
jections to the bill, andjjtf grievous are the conse-
quences, in my judgment, certain to flow from it,
that I should not hold myself acquitted of my duty
as a Representative of "Virginia, or as a member
of the Congress of the United States, if J failed to
enter ray earnest and so,lemn protest against it.
