1861.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE:
36th Cong....2d Sess.
Militia Law—Mr. Bocock.
i .Ho; of
jcct to his orders. Pass this bill, and he will have
the power to call out also the militia: and volun-
teers of the United States to an unlimited extent.
If he does not prove himself a military despot, it
will be because he lacks the will, not because he
wants the power.
I do not know, Mr. Speaker, what the purposes
of gentlemen are. The time has come when we
owe it to each other to be frank and explicit. If
gentlemen deliberately vote for this bill, the coun-
try will scarcely be longer in doubt as to their
plans and intentions. Such a bill, pressed upon
us as this'lias been, is itself a pregnant circum-
stance. One calm and quiet morning it came
suddenly upon us and took us by surprise. A
motion to reject, made by myself, to mark our
decided disapproval of the measure, was defeated;
but the bill went over for the day The next day,
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Stanton] makes
a calm, quiet, and plausible speech in its behalf;
intimates that the case is too plain to admit of ar-
gument, and actually calls the previous question.
This he agrees afterwards to relinquish, but seems
to do so as a mere act of favor. So lightly do they
regard so important a matter as this. Smooth
and unpretending and innocent does this bill ap-
pear, as presented by its friends. But behold the
little bombshell, round and smooth and harmless
in appearance, but in its recesses are combustibles
enough to blow up a nation. How humble and
inoffensive was the first appearance of this bill
in the House. So appeared the serpent in the
garden of Eden, without harm and without guile.
But as Satan had concealed in his heart malice
enough to destroy a world, so this bill conceals
within itself elements sufficient to encompass the
downfall of the country. We were told, if we
would pass it, we would not indeed be injured,
but that it would prove a wise, safe, and salutary
measure of defense. So was the woman told that,
if she would eat of the forbidden fruit, she should
not surely die, but be made like unto gods, know-
ing good from evil. And so extraordinary, too,
is the time at which this measure has been intro-
duced. We have here in this city what is called
a peace congress, consuldngabout terms of recon-
ciliation and settlement. They have not yet come
to any result. In many parts of the country the
eyes of the people are turned anxiously upon
them. Just in this state of the case in comes this
herald of war, as inopportune as when Banquo's
ghost seated itself at the festal board. I would
earnestly ask, whither are we tending?
Thus far, I have considered this bill only. It
had been my intention, Mr. Speaker, to have
availed myself of the general discussion on the
report of the committee of thirty-three to have
spoken on the prospects before us. Events have
been constantly changing the aspect of affairs; and
I have waited to see what definite shape they
would ultimately take. Time has gone on, mean-
while, and the session is wearing to its close. I
shall probably have no other opportunity to speak
at any length; and therefore, I shall touch upon
one 01- two topics which have important hearing
upon the question now before us. *
Wc have before us the painful reality that the
Union, as it existed at the beginning of tins ses-
sion, lias been broken. We have a Government
in the Gulf'States and a Government here. Things
are in an unsettled condition. What will be the
ultimate position into which we shall all settle
down, Heaven only knows. We cannot long
remain as we are. The difficulty is, that wc have
in our system two different types of civilization;
and the stronger has organized to rule the weaker.
The history of the world teaches that such a state
of things must cease, else they cannot remain un-
der the same Government. It was a great wrong
in its inception; and I had hoped to see it aban-
doned long ago. I had hoped that when gentle-
men of the Republican party realized the effect
of their course, they would have given us such
ample guarantees of equality and safety aswould
have insured that we should have no further war
between the system of African servitude and the
system of what are called the free States. Had
they done so in time, all would have been well.
But, thus far, they have not only not done so, but
shown an entire want of appreciation of the im-
port of the crisis.
The State of Virginia has a heart devoted to
Union upon terms of equality and justice. She
has fondly cherished and nursed the idea of pro-
curing a basis upon which all the members lately
belonging to the family of States might reassemble
in dignity, in honor, and in peaceat the,same
council board. Hence her late election, hence her
proposition for a peacc conference, hence her me-
diation between theExecutiveadministration here
and the seceding States. But Virginia, I think,
is fast becoming satisfied, as I have been for weeks,
that there is no hope from this Congress. She is
told, however, that these members do not repre-
sent the real feeling of the northern people, hav-
ing been elected some time ago, and upon en-
tirely different issues. She is asked to wait; but'
without peace she cannot wait. In proportion as
she desires honorable and lasting Union, in that
degree it is essential to her that there shall be
peace. She should take her position with a view
to sccure it. If to go promptly with the Gulf'
States is the best position for that purpose, who
will say that she should not do so? For my part,
sympathizing in every desire for an honorable,
equal, and lasting Union, and knowing that to
obtain it honorable'peace is absolutely essential,
it has been the purpose nearest my heart, during
this session, to secure it.
The present state of things cannot last. Causes
beyond our control will compel a speedy change.
Those whose interest, whose sympathy, whostS
destiny are the same, cannot long remain apart.
Upon some basis the South must be united, and
with them, I trust, will ultimately go, in any turn
of events, the middle free States and the north-
western States. Virginia will continue to stretch
forth her arras to embrace the children of her
bosom, heriive northwestern daughters, and will
mourn if she finds them not. Things will take
shape, if wc have peace. 1 have therefore been
myself desirous that Virginia should take such
position for the time as would enable her most
effectually to command it. Should we go, and
peace be preserved, love of honorable union would
remain unextinguished and unrepressed in our
hearts. Whenever the northern States became
ready to live with us on terms of perfect equality
and mutual good will,our lieartsagain wouldhound
towards them in fraternal sympathy and concord.
Once let blood be shed, let war be fairly joined,
let the bad passions of our people be thoroughly
aroused, then farewell,a long farewell, to all hopes
of Union.
" We shall stand apart, our scars remaining
Like cliffs that have been lent asunder."
Why, sir, the ill feeling engendered by our war
of Independence is scarcely yet extinguished. But
why speak of war? Because you have this bill
now under consideration, and otherson your Cal-
endar, or in the hands of your committees, ready
to be brought forward. If you would give up all
these force bills, lot the seceding States go in peace,
and put in train of progress measures of hon-
orable adjustment, giving guarantees of future
equality, you would show, at this late hour, a
returning sense of justice which would do much
to reassure our people, and give better hopes of
the future, than if you should raise an army of a
million men. The difficulty is, that you cannot
agree to permit the seceding States to go m peace.
Why not? Gentlemen say that it will make the
Government a rope of sand, leaving no assurance
that it will not be broken at any moment. There
will be assurance that it will not be broken, if
there be no cause—the very assurance which our
fathers contemplated, but not the assurance of fear
or of force. How often has it been said that this
Union cannot be held together by force? From
Thomas Jefferson to John Bell, it has been so de-j,
clared by almost every prominent statesman who
has lived in the couutiy. Was it a mere catch-
word, designed to serve a purpose, or was it an
honest reality? If it were a reality, then what
means tins late doctrine about trying the question
whether or not we have a Government. If force
cannot guarantee Union, what will be our guaran-
tee? I answer, interest and affection. TheStates
must love the Union, and see their interest in its
perpetuation. You can have, under our system,
no other guarantee but this; if you cannot rely on
it, because you believe the States will not act
properly, then you discredit the great doctrine of
popular government. A State is a people, in the
proper political sense of that word. If she cannot,
be relied on to decide what govfernment is'bestfar.'
her, of course her people are-not competent to .self-,
government. The States came severally,into, thta.i
Union to seek their happiness and safety." If they*
find neither in the association, who would forcer"
them to stay. Do gentlemen expect- to continue
to collect revenue out of those who have-no part
in our Government? Wliy then, Iaskagain-,
shall they not go in peace? . -Are-they so esien<-
tial to the northern States that they cannot live-
without them" ? Were burdens prepared for thena
by the dominant party, which they needs must-
impose? Were rich spoils to be gathered * which-
they will not surrender?" Does nOtthe course of
the dominant party, in this regard, strongly imply,
that they did intend in some, way to make the se-
ceding States subserve their selfish purpdses, and
submit-to tlieir unequal exactions ?
But what,marks the tyrannyof this policy more
strongly is, thai those who most positively declare-
that these States must not go in peace, are at: the,
same time most decided in their opposition to con-
cession. And what reason do they give for their
refusal ? They higgle about their party creed, and
fear to violate some plank in the Chicago platform.
Better, they say, to make war against the seced-
ing States, than give up any one of their princi--
pies. Though concession implies a yielding up,
or change of position, yet a sufficient argument
against anything asked, which they do not wish
to give, is, that it differs from th,e position- they
have assumed as a party. To say that a particu-
lar guarantee is not consistent with their construc-
tion of the Constitution, is no sufficient answer to
a proposition to change the Constitution.
And, sir, we See their President elect-.coming
on to the seat of the Government to assume the
robes of office; and what says he? Does he seem
to have a heart to appreciate the difficulties1 that
now surround us, and to sympathize with the
troubles of his countrymen ? No, sir. He says
no harm has been done; that it is all a small mat-
ter; that " nobody is hurt." The excitement is
all artificial; it is but the fairy work of a midsum-
mer night's dream. In the frolic of his indiffer-
ence, he seems to mock at-the troubles of the peo-
ple. -And what more does he do? Does he show
any spirit of relenting? Does h.e urge oil his
friends conciliation and concession, in this time
of difficulty and trouble ? No, sir; the idea is the
furthest from him. Among all the gentlemen on
the other side of the House, who have steeled
their feelings and hardened their hearts against
yielding any just terms of concession and guar-
anty, there is not one who has taken a more re-
pulsive position than that taken by the President
elect of the United States. He has said that, in
regard to the tariff, the Chicago platform,is law—
not a law on the statute-books, but that higher
law, binding upon the conscience, of which we
have heard so much. And not only did he say
that the tariff feature of the Chicago platform was
law, but that all other features of the platform
were law, and that he would have to bo governed
by them.
Mr. SHERMAN. I trust the gentleman from
Virginia, who is always candid, will do the Pres-
ident elect the justice to say that, in stating what
he did, he did nothing more than what every Pres-
ident has done. Mr. Buchanan himself said that
he was no longer James Buchanan, but the Cin-
cinnati platform. I trust my friend will n0t find
fault with the President elect for that.
Mr. BOCOCK. Mr. Speaker, Mr. Buchanan
was not called on, in assuming the robes of the
presidential office, to meet such a crisis as this;
and all that the gentleman's explanation amounts
to is, that with Mr. Lincoln, and, I fear, with the
gentleman from Ohio, too, this is only an ordi-
nary occasion; and that the same rules of policy
should govern them now as heretofore. Sir, I am
not here to justify and defend Mr. Buchanan, or
any other gentleman, in all his public and official
conduct. All have their errors to lament. But I
do say, from my personal knowledge of James
Buchanan, and from my information in relation
to the various men who have held that high office
before him, from the days of Washington to the
present time, that there was scarcely, one of them
who, had he been placed in such a position as
this, with this Union disrupted, with universal
