234
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 21,
36th Cong....2d Sess.
Militia Law—Mr. BococJc.
Ho. of Reps.
concern and anxiety spread broadcast through-
the country, would have turned and said: " It is
a small matter. I shall regard the features of my
party platform as the law of my ciraduct, not a
whit of it to be surrendered, no iota to be abated.
Yes, although the pillars of the temple of justice
should fall, and thousands and tens of thousands
and millions of men may be crushed beneath the
rains, although State after State may be forced to
leave,a once hallowed Union, though civil war
and internecine strife may devastate and desolate
the fair face of our country, although the heav-
ens may fall, I will maintain the articles of my
party platform." I do not think that the friends
of the President elect pay him a high compliment
when they put him in such a position as that.
Better forget, at such a time, all considerations of
party. I know that, in ordinary times, we all
cling to and desire party success. But in a great
crisis like this, where party has endangered the
country, it becomes the man, the hero, the states-
man to stand out, make his mark, cast party and
personal consequences aside, and risk everything
for justice, right, and State equality. Look at
the sacrifices made by the fathers of the country;
by your fathers, if you choose. Were they not
conscientious men ? Did they not have scruples
•on this subject? Yet, when they came to make
the Constitution of 1787, they agreed to give to
the institution of African slavery a large measure
of protection. They agreed to protect it against
unequal and oppressive taxation. They agreed
to protect it against the danger of escape from
one State into another. They even agreed, and
some of them voted that the odious African slave
trade might be continued, without interruption, for
twenty years. This they did for the sake of union
and peace. Contrast this action on their part
with your position now.
[Herethemorninghourexpired;and the House
proceeded with other business.]
thursday , February 31, 1861.
Tho bill to authorize the mining of volunteers, &c., be-
ing again under consideration—
Mr. BOCOCK continued, as follows:
Mr. Speaker: In the somewhat desultory re-
marks which I made yesterday, I argued that,
under the Constitution of the United States, in
addition to the war-making power, Congress has
a right to provide for calling out the military
powerofthecountry inthreecases: 1. To aid in the
enforcement of the laws. 2. To suppress insur-
rection. 3. To repel invasion. I contended, Mr.
Speaker, that the word "insurrection," as em-
ployed in the first article of the Constitution, was
afterwards interpreted by a clause in the fourth
article to be " domestic violence," &c.; and it is
there declared that the military power of the
country should not bo called out to interfere with
domestic violence in any State except upon the
call of the authorities of the State. So careful
•were the framers of the Constitution, that the
General Government should not have the power
to interfere in the affairs of a State except upon
the call of the State, and in aid of tho State au-
thorities.
I argued further, Mr. Speaker, that this left no
room tor the phrase employed in this bill, and
that no such tning was known to the Constitution
of the country as the right of Congress to author-
ize the President to call out the military powers
of the country to suppress insurrection against the
authority of the United States.
I argued, further, that the phrase " insurrec-
tion against the authorities of th'e United States"
was a wide and sweeping phrase, to which it is
almost impossible to give limits. I argued, fur-
ther, that one great objection to the exercise of
this power on the part of the President of the
United States, besides the other objections which
I named, was, that the President would have a
right to call out the militia, and to accept volun-
teers, not only for an indefinite purpose, but for
an unlimited time, and to an unlimited extent;
and that, while under his call, they would not
have the right to speak discourteously or con-
temptuously of the President, the Vice President,
or the Congress of the United States. We would
thus have upon us the most widely-extended and
sweeping sedition taw that was ever known'in
the history of the land. This act would clothe
the President of the United States with dictatorial
powers.
The gentleman, from Ohio, [Mr. Stanton,]
who opened debate on this bill, asked how, if this
power were not given, the public property in this
District could be preserved against the invasion of
armed bands from other States, say from the se-
ceding States? In answer to that, Mr. Speaker,
1 say that, if there be no authority in the Consti-
tution of the country for the passage of this bill,
it is in vain to suggest any other argument in its
favor. You have not the right to do an uncon-
stitutional thing because it may be a convenient
thing. But has not the President of the United
States the power already to protect property here?
He has control of the Army and Navy. He has
the power, if necessary, to station here as many
of the regular troops of the country as he can con-
centrate at this point. Then we are the local Legis-
lature for the District. JIVe can provide for the
calling out of its militia. If armed bands should
come from other States of the Confederacy, that
would be invasion; and under the power to repel
invasion, the President has already a right to call
out the militia of other States.
Then what is the necessity for this bill ? All
this I argued, yesterday, somewhat at length.
There is another point to which I wish now to
call your attention for a short time. It is agreed
that the military power, under the Constitution,
may be employed to aid in the execution of the
laws of the United States; but in what manner,
and under what circumstances? In the manner
of war, or in the manner of peace?—for there is a
manner of war and a manner of peace. A man
commits a homicide, and attempts to eseape.
He is arrested and committed; then tried, and
condemned to death. Your sheriff attempts, on
the day appointed, to carry him to the place of
execution, and a mob interferes. The military
are called forth to aid the sheriff in the execution
of the process to him directed, and repel the mob.
That is the way of peace. But if, before the day
of execution, or before the trial, the Executive
should order tho military to seize and decapitate
the offender, that would be hostility. In peace,
courts adjudge rights and decide upon crimes;
the sheriff or marshal carries out their judgments.
In war, thecommander orders and the Army ex-
ecutes. In peace, a particular process is to be
executed; m war,a particular strategetic point to
be accomplished. In peace, the military power
is subordinate to the civil, and used to aid it in
the discharge of its legitimate duty; in war, the
military is employed independently of civil au-
thority, and to execute the order of its chief.
Gentlemen may ask: how can you obtain civil
process in seceded States, where you have no Uni-
ted States court? The question is pertinent; you
cannot do it. And therefore I say that you can-
not peaceably execute the laws in a seceded State.
You must make war; and that is of itself a rec-
ognition of the independence of the State warred
against. Suppose you send your man-of-war to
Charleston, with a collector on board to collect
revenue. The merchant vessel is seized, and held
for the payment of duties. A dispute arises, and
one of your officers is killed. By the Constitu-
tion, the offender is entitled to trial " by an im-
partial jury of the State and district wherein the
crime shall have been committed." You must try
him in South Carolina; but you have 110 court
there, and cannot do so.
This is one of the many illustrations to show
that the whole working of our system rests on the
consent of the State. And so, I say that every
force bill reported to tho House, inasmuch as it
provides for the employment of the military power
independently of civil process, is therefore a war
measure. So of the bill under consideration; so,
also, of the bill of the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Reynolds] and of the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Bingham.] They all provide for the use of
the military power, independently of civil author-
ity, in the enforcement of the laws, and are all
war measures.
And now, sir, permit me to say that I do not
stand here authorized to speak for any State in a
particular emergency, nor do I undertake to do it.
I do know, however, that the State of Virginia,
which I have the honor in part to represent on
this floor, stands committed by its declaration, as
it is committed in honor and in interest, to resist
a war of aggression on the southern States. Her
people must do it. Why? The very hand which
they would aid in striking down South Carolina,
or Alabama, would soon be uplifted to crush them,
rendered weaker by having these States crippled
and crushed. If these measures are to pass, I
hesitate not to make the declaration, that in three
months' time all the border slave States, with
perhaps one or two exceptions, will find them-
selves standing side by side with the seceded States
of the Union. Can Virginia, can Kentucky stand
in the position in which they will be liable to have
their militiacalled out—the more certainly because
the nearest to the scene of action—to aid in mak-
ing war against South Carolina, Alabama, and
Mississippi? No,sir. Wecannotdoit. Wemust,
in such case, withdraw ourselves from the au-
thority of this Government, and do what we can
to destroy its power. We must cripple its Army,
disintegrate the Navy, and crush the credit of the
Government. Now, sir, if I am not greatly mis-
taken, that will be the necessary result of any of
these measures.
But, Mr. Speaker, gentlemen ask what are they
to do; are they to stand by and see these States
go out at will? Why, sir,if the Constitution does
not give you the power of using force against
these States, what else can you do ? If you had
asked me the question a few years ago, I would
have said, donot organize a sectional party to
rule us. Had you asked it a few months ago, I
would have said, give us guarantees. If it be
not too late now, I tell you to-day that you should
give us guarantees of safety and protection under
this Government, such as will secure us quietand
safety now, henceforth, and forever. But that you
will not do. Then I say,let those that choose go
in peace.
Much has been said, Mr. Speaker, about tho
conduct of these States in seizing the public prop-
erty. I stand not here as the special defender
of these States. Many of their acts were illegal.
But gentlemen must recollect that self-preserva-
tion is the first law of nature of nations, and of
men. Nations as well as men must provide for
their own self-defense. They have taken only the
property in their midst—the forts, &c., which you
do not need, unless you intend to coerce them.
This, gentlemen say, they cannotallow. For this
they must make war. But what will your war
avail you ?
Now, Mr. Speaker, I ask gentlemen at this
point, if this war is to come—and may God in his
mercy avert it!—what reason will you give to the
world for making it ? If gentlemen who have been
most eager in pressing on warlike measures and
making warlike speeches were to be those who
would meet the brunt of the danger, the evil would
be, perhapSj.comparatively small. But when I
come to consider the position in society, the pro-
fessions and physical condition of those who are
hottest for war, I cannot but believe that, when
the tocsin sounds to arms, these gentlemen will
lag far in the rear. No, sir; this battle is not to
be fought by them. It must be fought by the men
who now live in peace and quiet in the cities,in
the towns, in the villages, and in the country
homes of the North. They are the men who are
to fight this battle. What reason will you give
for it to them ? Will you say that the southern
States of the Confederacy seceded and made this
thing necessary ? Let me toll you what I answer.
We have had an organization in the larger section
of the Union to control the weaker. The south-
ern States have been asked to submit to the rule
of a foreign and hostile organization during the
future history of the country. Is it not a foreign
organization ? Why, sir, when the Republican
party was called to assemble in convention in PhiU
adelphia,in 1856, no invitation even was extended
to any slaveholding State; and on the flag which
they then unfurled to the breeze it is said there
were but sixteen stars. Look again at the last
election, and tell me whether this Republican or-
ganization has any effective strength in the South ?
None whatsoever, and never can have. Is it not
then a hostile organization?
Mr. LOVEJOY. I wish to correct a statement
made by the gentleman.
Mr. BOCOCK. I always desire to be courteous
