1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
and I suppose we may have them read and voted
upon at the same time with the resolutions from
Onio.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question now
is on receiving the other resolutions; but by unan-
imous consent, the resolutions just submitted by
the Senator from Iowa may be read.
Mr. MASON. One will dispose of the other,
I presume. I object to the reception of the paper
offered by the Senator from Iowa while the other
question is pending.
Mr. CRITTEN DEN. Let us decide the ques-
tion which is before us now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is,
will the Senate receive the resolutions presented
by the Chair?
Mr. HALE. I had hoped (Sever to be called
upon to vote on this question tjgain; but 1 simply
want to say a single word, not to be misunder-
stood. It seems that some gentlemen misunder-
stand the position of the Senate.. There is no
want of respect to the party that passes these
resolutions—the Democratic party—or anybody
else; but they are not appropriate to the business
of the Senate; they are not addressed to the Sen-
ate; they are not petitions; they are the proceed-
ings of a party convention; and they have passed
a vote requesting that they be sent here. Now,
sir, notwithstanding what has been said, I under-
take to say that, since I have been a member of
the Senate, which is more than twelve years, the
practice of the Senate has been uniform, whenever
this question has been raised. It was raised d uring
the great discussion of 1850, over and over again.
By the advice of the great men who then consti-
tuted this Senate—such men as Mr. Webster,
Mr. Calhoun, and Mr. Clay—resolutions like
these, not pertaining to the business of the Sen-
ate, not addressed as a petition to the Senate, were,
without exception, refused; and such has been
the uniform position of the Senate, and I hope the
Senate will persevere in it.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I think that we should
not receive any applications or declarations of
opinion on any subject, that are not addressed
substantially or in form to the Senate of the Uni-
ted States. If the gentleman from Iowa, for in-
stance's requested by resolution to present to the
Senate the proceedings to which he has referred,
then I consider them substantially an appeal or
petition to the Senate. If not, of course they do
not belong to us.
This question now is depending before the
Senate on the resolutions which I presented here,
which I was desired to lay before the Senate, evi-
dently intended to be addressed to the body and
to influence, as far as the opinion of the petition-
ers could influence, the proceedings of Congress.
The question is now depending on them, and they
were not rejected, as my friend from Illinois seems
to suppose.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It was another one, per-
haps, that I had in my mind. The Senate on one
occasion refused, I tlank, to receive theprocecd-
ings of some meeting; I do not remember what
it was. I am indifferent about this; I merely want
the rule uniform.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I desire, as the ques-
tion has been for some time pending before the
Senate upon the. petition I presented, that that may
now be allowed to supersede the present question
and be decided. It is identical, to be sure, with
the question now presented; but it is violating the
priority in point of time in which the petitions are
presented,and the question made, to consider this
first. I am clearly of opinion that wherever such
papers are, directly or indirectly, by plain inten-
tion, if not by word, intended to bo addressed to
the Senate of theUni^pd States, they come within
that provision of the Constitution which allows
petitions, and which declares that no law shall be
passed to abridge the right of petition. That is
the language of the Constitution. Its framers in-
tended to leave it broad and open—a plain high-
way that all the people might travel—not to be
contracted or interrupted by hedges and fences
and ditches of one sort or another, 111 the form of
technical questions about the form in which their
words may be put. The substance of the thing
is to hear the people, in the legislative and repre-
sentative bodies of the pople, in whatever foirn
they address themselves. It is, in my judgment,^
abridging that right, contrary to the provisions of
theConstitution, to attempt to prescribe a precise
or particular form, in what language of prayer,
in what language of petition, in what language of
supplication, the people are to come before the
legislative body of the country. Sir, thpy may
come in any form that they choose. They are
not very stylish people—many of our constitu-
ents; they are not versed in the ceremonies and
forms and etiquette by which great bodies are to
be approached; but in whatever language they
express their free will on these subjects, they have
a right to do it. It is confined to no form, re-
strained by no law. The Constitution says it
shall not be; but they shall have an open, free
highway, to come beforethe legislative body,and
to express their opinions.
I am glad that the yeas and nays are called for.
It is a question of moie importance generally than
wo maybe led to believe on this occasion. It may
not be of such importance in this particularcase,
though I can scarcely imagine a more important
question. When their Government is tottering
to its fall; when not only Government, but soci-
ety, is in danger of subversion; when not only
peace is in danger, but when war stands frown-
ing and confronting us, shall the people be re-
strained as to any form in which tliey may express
themselves, and beg to be rescued from these im-
minent perils? No, sir. I would have demanded
the yeas and nays myself, if it had not been done.
The people are using their privilege. Most pa-
triotically are they using it. Morning after morn-
ing is consumed in the mere presentation of their
petitions. They have an interest, a deep interest.
They think upon this subject; they feel upon this
subject; and they have a right to make their
thoughts and their feelings known without tram-
mel or restraint, provided only that it is shown
that they intend that their proceedings, that their
addresses, should be laid before the Senate of the
United States. That is all that is necessary; and
where they have expressed that desire, I shall un-
questionably vote for receiving their resolutions.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I understand it was the
colleague of the Senator from Kentucky that
offered resolutions some days ago which the Sen-
ate declined to receive. I do not wish myself to be
misunderstood in regard to this question. I am as
much for the righto!'petition, in its largest sense,
as the Senator from Kentucky; but we should not
confound things which are unlike. These are
the proceedings of a party convention; and the
objection, 1 suppose, that is made to receiving
such proceedings is, that they encumber the rec-
ord, and are not petitions,but lesolutionsarrived
at by paity meetings in different portions of the
country. If one is presented, another may be;
and we shall have all the long resolutions, adopted
by various parties in all sections of the country,
presented here, taking up our time without ac-
complishing any object; and, as it seems to me,
they do not come within the rule for the reception
of petitions. If they do, they certainly ought to
be received.
I do not desire, however, to take up any time
in regard to it; and I think the easiest way to bring
the Senate to a vote at once is, to move to lay the
question of reception on the table; and I make
that motion.
Mr. COLLAMER. What is the motion ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
whether the Senate will receive the resolution; on
which the yeas and nays have been ordered. The
Senator from Illinois moves to lay that question
on the table.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will withdraw my mo-
tion if the Senator desires to speak.
Mr. COLLAMER. For one moment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I withdraw it.
Mr. COLLAMER. I merely wish to call at-
tention to a distinction between this case and^tlic
resolutions presented by the Senator from Ken-
tucky on my left, [Mr. Powell.] There was
nothing in the resolutions presented by him, in
any part of them, which implied that they were to
be laid before this body. They were not addressed
to this body, nor was any such request contained
in them; but the request to present them here was
contained in a letterwhich thegentleman received.
I believe these proceedings contain a direct reso-
lution asking that the proceedings be laid before
thebody. Thatisthedifferencebetweenthecases.
Now, I have no objection to the motion of the
Senator from Illinois, and I will renew it, because
I agreed to do so.
Mr, WILSON. I hope that motion will be
withdrawn, and that we shall take a direct .-vote
on this question of reception, and settle the ques-
tion once for all, and spend noinoretmjeaboutit.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If we can take a vote, I
have no objection. . -
Mr. PUGH. I only wish to say a word, if the
Senator will withdraw the motion. I was about
to make the remark which the Senator from Ver-
mont has made, that the request of the conven-
tion itself—that its proceedings should be pre-
sented by the Vice President to the Senate—is cer-
tainly a petition. I know we run some risks in
this matter; but I take it that ordinary conven-
tions of political parties to nominate candidates,
and pass their resolutions, do not care about hav-
ing them presented to the Senate. This was no
such convention. It was a convention of dele-
gates representing the entire State, and both frag-
ments into which the party was lately separated;
and I have reason to believe that their sentiments
in this respect, as expressed in the resolutjonsj
are the sentiments also of the party in Ohio which
suppoited Mr. Bell in the last campaign. They
do speak to a question now beforethe Senate and
before Congress; and they, in their character as
citizens, through their delegates fairly chosen,
express their wishes; and so far as they can have
anv influence, they ought to be properly weighed.
1 d"o not know that I can say anything more.
I have withheld a number, of proceedings of
meetings where there was no request to present
them to the Senate; and in some cases have re-
turned them. But until the case which my friend
from Kentucky [Mr. Crittenden] had here the
other day, I did not recollect any case of proceed-
ings where they asked to be laia before uss where
we had rejected them. Still, if the precedent is
made, I shall certainly not understand that we are
doing more than settling a general rule; and if
my constituents are treated as everybody else, I
make no complaint.
Mr. CAMERON. I desire to say only, Mr.
President, that I acknowledge the right of peti-
tion in its most extended scale. I think we should
listen to everything which our constituents, the
people of this country, think proper to send to
us. In this special case, it is more than ordina-
rily proper to receive this petition. It is on a
subject oil which the whole country is now agi-
tated. Why'should we refuse to hear it? Be-
sides, in discussing the propriety of receiving
these things, we shall waste more time than ill
hearing them. I am anxious to hear the public
voice throughout the whole country. I have no
doubt it is more important for the representatives
of States and the people to get the views of the
masses than any information we can get. I hope
we shall receive this paper; and as this is to be a
test vote, I hope all those who are in favor of the
right of petition will vote to receive it.
Mr. ANTHONY. I shall vote to receive peti-
tions both from Democrats and Republicans,
Whatever resolutions like these may be in their
letter, certainly, in their spirit and intention,
they are petitions; and any petition, or any memo-
rial,sent here in respectful terms by personswho
feel tin interest in the subject memorialized on,
and who have a right to feel an interest in it, I
am in favor of receiving. I do not thereby com-
mit myself to what they pray for or suggest.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 33, nays 14; as follows:
YOAS— Messrs. Anthony, Baker, Bayard, Bigler, Brag,
Cameron, Clingman, Collatner, Crittenden, Dixon, Douglas,
Fessenden, Fitch, toot, Foster, Green, Gwtn, licit.piii:l,
Johnson ofTennessee, Kennedy, King,Latham,Nicholson,
Peurce, Polk, Powell, Pn'rh, Saulsbury, Sebastian, Seward,
Ten Evi-k, Thomson, and Wade—33.
NAYeS—Jlessis. Bukhara, Chandler, Clark, Doolittle,
Duikft', Crimps, Hale, Harlan, Johnson of Aikai^as \!or-
nli, Sumner, Trumbull, Wilkinson, and Wilson—14.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolutions
are received, and if rio motion be made, they will
lie on the table. The reception of these resolu-
tions having been ordered by the Senate, the
Chair will also lay before the Senate the resolu-
tions offered by the Senator from Kentucky [Mr.
Crittenden] the other day from the railroad
gentlemen, which are still pending before the
Senate. . ,
Mr. HALE. Thatpaperhasbeenreccived.but
there has been no vote of the Senate disposing of It.
The VICE PRESIDENT. I said that if no
motion wore made, it would lie on the table.
