APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 20,
36tii Cong. ... 2d >Sess. The Great American Revolution of 1861—Mr. Vallandigham.
Ho. of Reps.
no great revenues to disburse; small salaries, and
no patronage—in short, sir, nothing to arouse
ambition, or to excite avarice. The Legislatures
of the States have a most valuable, but not the
most dignified, field of labor. They declare no
war, levy no imports, regulate no external com-
. merce, coin no money, establish no post-routes,
oceanic or overland; make no land grants, emit
no-bills of credit of their own, publish no Globe,
have no franking privilege, and their senators and
representatives serve the State for a few hundred
dollars a year. The State judiciaries, however
important the litigation before them may be to the
parties, attract commonly but small interest from
the public; and of late years, nt> great or splendid
legal reputationjs to be acquired outside of a few
of the larger cities, at least, eitherupon the bench
or at the bar of the State courts. Whatever, sir,
the dignity or power or consideration of the Uni-
ted States may be, that of each State is but the
one thirty fourth part of it; and, indeed, for some
years past, the control of the State governments
has, to a great extent, been sought after chiefly
as an instrumentalityforsecuringcontrol of legis-
lative, executive, or judicial position in the Fed-
eral Government. And all this mischief—for mis-
chief certainly I must regard it—has been steadily
aggravated by the policy pursued in nearly all the
States, of diminishing in every way, in their con-
stitutions, and by their laws, the dignity, power,
and consideration of the several departments of
their State governments. Short tenures, low sal-
aries, biennial sessions, crude, hasty, and con-
tinually changing legislation, new constitution
every te  years, and whatever else may be classed
under the head of reform, falsely so called, have
been the bane of State sovereignty fSid import-
ance. Indeed, for years past, State constitu-
tions, laws, and institutions of every sort, seem
to have been regarded as but so many subjects
for rude and wanton experiment at the hands of
reckless ideologists or demagogues. But besides
all this, the infinite subdivision of political power
in the States, from the chief departments of State
down through counties, townships, school dis-
tricts, citics, towns, and villages, all which cer-
tainly is very necessary and proper in a demo-
cratic Government, tends very much of itself to
decrease the dignity and importance of the States.
In short,sir, in nearly all the States,and especially
in the new States, the great purpose of the poli-
ticians would seem to have been to ascertain just
how feeble and simple and insignificant their gov-
ernments could be made—justliow near to a pure
and perfect democracy our representative form
of republicanism can be carried. All this, sir,
would have been well and consistent enough, no
doubt, if the States were totally disconnected, or
if the Federal Government could have been kept
down equally low, simple, and democratic. Cer-
tainly, this is the true idea of a strictly democratic
form and administration of government; and the
nearer it is approached, the purer and better the
system—in theory at least. * But the experiment
having been fairly tried, and the fact settled, that
in a country so large, wealthy, populous, and en-
terprising as ours is, it is impossible to reduce
down, or to keep down, the central Government
to one of economy and simplicity; it is the true
wisdom and policy of the Slates to see to it that
their own separate governments are not rendered
anymore insignificant, at the least, than they are
already.
Such, sir, I repeat, then, is the central Govern-
ment of the United States, and such its great and
tremendous powers and honors and emoluments.
With such powers, such honors, such patronage,
and such revenues, is it any wonder, I ask, that
everything, yes even virtue, truth, justice, patriot-
ism, and the Constitution itself, should be sacri-
ficed to obtain possession of it? There is no such
glittering prize to be contended for every four or
two years, anywhere throughout the whole earth;
and accordingly, from the beginning, and every
year more and more, it has been the object of the
highest and lowest, the purest and the'most cor-
rupt ambition known among men. Parties and
combinations have existed from the first, and have
been changed and reorganized and built up and
cast down from the earliest period of our history
to this day, all for the purpose of controlling the
powers, and honors, and the moneys of the cen-
tral Government. For a good many years par-
ties were organized upon questions of finance or
of political economy. Upon the subjects of a
permanent public debt, a national bank, the pub-
lic deposits, a protective tariff, internal improve-
ments, the disposition of the public lands, and
other questions of a similar character, all of them
looking to the special interests of the moneyed
classes, parties were for a long while divided.
The different kinds of capitalists sometimes also
disagreed among themselves—t,he manufacturers
with the commercial men of the country ;and in this
manner party issues were occasionally made up.
But the great dividing line at last, was always be-
tween capital and labor—between thefew who had
money and who wanted to use the Government
to increase and "protect" it, as the phrase goes,
and the many who had little but wanted to keep
it, and who only asked Government to let them
alone. Money, money, sir, was at the bottom
of the political contests of the times; and nothing
so curiously demonstrates the immense power of
money as the fact that in a country where there
is no entailment of estates, no law of primogeni-
ture, no means of keeping up vast accumulations
of weal thin particular families, no exclusive privi-
leges, and where universal suffrage prevails, these
contests should have continued, with various for-
tune, for full half a century. But at the last the
opponents of Democracy, known at different pe-
riods of the struggle by many different names, but
around whom the moneyed interests always ral-
lied, were overborne and utterly dispersed. The
Whig party, their last refuge, the last and ablest
ofthe economic parties, died out;and the politicians
who were not of the Democratic party, with a
good many more, also, who had been of it, but
who had deserted it, or whom it had deserted,
were obliged to resort to some other and new ele-
ment for an organization which might be made
strong enough to conquer and to destroy the De-
mocracy, and thus obtain control of the Federal
Government. And most unfortunately for the
peace of the country, and for the perpetuity, I fear,
of the Union itself, they found the nucleus of such
an organization ready formed to their hands—an
organization odious, indeed, in name, but founded
upon two of the most powerful passions of the
human heart: sectionalism, which is only a nar-
row and localized patriotism, and anti-slavery,
or love of freedom, which commonly is powerful
just in proportion as it is very near coming home
to one's own self, or very far oft", so that either
self-interestor the imagination can have full power
to act. And here let me remark, that it had so
happened that almost, if not quite, from the begin-
ning of the Government, the South, or slavehoid-
ing section of the Union—partly because the peo-
ple of the South are chiefly an agricultural and
producing, a non-eommercial and non-manufac-
turing people, and partly because there is no con-
flict, or little conflict, among them between labor
and capital, inasmuch as to a considerable extent
capital owns a large class of their laborers not of
the white race; and it may be also because, as
Mr. Burke said many years ago, the holders of
slaves are " by far the most proud and jealous of
their freedom,'.' and because the aristocracy of
birth, and family, and of talent, is more highly
esteemed among them than the aristocracy of
wealth—but no matter from what fause, the fact
was that the South for fifty years was nearly al-
ways on the side of the Democratic party. It was
the natural ally of the Democracy of the North,
and especially of the West. Geographical posi-
tion and identity of interests bound us together;
and till this sectional question of slavery arose,
the South and the new States of the West were
always together; and the latter, in the beginning
at least, always Democratic. Sir, there was not
a triumph of the Democratic party in half a cen-
tury winch was not won by the aid of the states-
men and the people of the South. I would not
be understood, however, as intimating that the
South was ever slow to appropriate lier full share
of the spoils—the opimaspolia of victory; or espe-
cially that the politicians of that great and noble
old Commonwealth of Virginia—God bless her—
were ever remarkable for the grace of self-denial
in this regard—not at all. But it was natural, sir,
that they who had been so many times, and for
so many years, baffled and defeated by the aid of
the South, should entertain no very kindly feel-
ings towards her. And here I must not omit to
say, that all this time there was a powerful mi-
nority in the whole South, sometimes a majority
in the whole South, and always in some of the
States of the South, who belonged to the several
parties which, at different times, contended with
the Democracy for the possession and control of
the Federal Government. Parties in those days
were not sectional, but extended into every State
and every part of the Union. And, indeed, in the
convention of 1787, the possibility, or at least the
probability, of sectional combinations seems, as
I have already said, to have been almost wholly
overlooked. Washington, it is true, in his Fare-
well Address warned us against them, but it was
rather as a distant vision than as a near reality,
and a few years later, Mr. Jefferson speaks of a
possibility of the people of the Mississippi val-
ley seceding from the East; for even then a divis-
ion of the Union, North and South, or by slave
lines, in the Union or out of it, seems scarcely to
have been contemplated. The letter of Mr. Jef-
ferson upon this subject, dated in 1803, is a cu-
rious one; and I commend it to the attention of
gentlemen upon both sides of the House.
So long, sir, as the South maintained its equal-
ity in the Senate, and something like equality in
population, strength, and material resourcesJn
the country, there was little to invite aggression,
while there were the means, also, to repel it. But,
in the course of time, the South lost its equality
in the other wing of the Capitol, and every year
the disparity between the two sections became
greater and greater. Meantime, too, the anti-sla-
very sentiment, which had lain dormant at the
North for many years after the inauguration of
the Federal Government, began, just about the
time of the emancipation in the British West In-
dies, to develop itself in great strength, and with
wonderful rapidity. It had appeared, indeed, with
much violence at the period of the admission of
Missouri, and even then shook the Union to its
foundation. And yet how little a sectional con-
troversy, based upon such a question, had been
foreseen by the founders of the Government, may
be learned from Mr. Jefferson's letter to Mr.
Holmes, in 1820, where he speaks of it falling
upon his ear like "afire bell in the night." Said
he:
" I considered it, at once, as the death knell of tile Union,
ft is hushed, indeed, lor the moment; but tins is a reprieve
only, not a final sentence. A geographical line, coinciding
with a marked principle, moral and political,"—
Sir, it is this very coincidence of geographical
line with the marked principle, moral and polit-
ical, of slavery, which I propose to reach and to
obliterate in the only way possible; by running
other lines, coinciding with other and less danger-
ous principles, none of them moral, and, above
all, with other and conflicting interests—
"A geographical line coinciding with ft marked princi-
ple, moral ami political, once conceived and held up to the
angry passions of men, will never be obliterated, and every
new iiritation will mark it deeper and deeper." * *
* * " I regret that I am now to die in the helief that
the useless sacrifice of themselves by the generation of
1776, to acquire self-government and happiness to their
country, is to be thrown away by the unwise and unworthy
pasMons of their sons; and that my only consolation is to
be thatl shall not live to weep over it."
Fortunate man ! He did not live to weep over
it. To-day he sleeps quietly beneath the soil of
his own Monticello, unconscious that the mighty
fabric of Government which he helped to rear—
a Government whose foundations were laid by
the hands of so many patriots and sages, and ce-
mented by the blood of so many martyrs and
heroes—hastens nowaday by day, to its fall.
What recks he, or that other great man, his com-
peer, fortunate in life and opportune alike in death,
whose dust they keep at Q.uincy, of those dread-
ful notes of preparation m every State for civil
strife and fraternal carnage; or of that martial
array which already has changed this once peace-
ful capital into a beleagured city ? Fortunate men!
They died while the Constitution yet survived,
while the Union survived, while the spirit of fra-
ternal affection still lived, and the love of true
American liberty lingered yet in the hearts of their
descendants.
Sir,theantagonismof partiesfounded on money
or questions of political economy having died out,
ana the balance of power between the North and
