822
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 9,
Mr. HALE. I wish to make a motion to refer
the resolutions to the committee of thirteen. I
think there ought to be some respectful notice
taken of them.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. LATHAM. Mr. President 
Mr. GRIMES. I desire that the proceedings
of the meetings which I have had the honor to
present, may be read.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Did they request the
Senator to lay them before the Senate ?
Mr. GRIMES. The person through whom I
received them requested me to lay them before
the Senate.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. But not in the resolu-
tions themselves?
Mr. GRIMES. I believe there is a resolution
in the proceedings 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state that these resolutions are not before the Sen-
ate. The question was on the reception of cer-
tain resolutions offered by the Chair. Thnt ques-
tion cannot be interfered with by the Senator
from Iowa.
Mr. GRIMES. I present them now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator has
not the floor to present them, unless the Senator
from California yields.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. LATHAM. I move to talte up House
bill No.'299, for the payment of expenses incurred
in the suppression of Indian hostilities in the State
of California. I will state to the Senate that 1 do
not propose putting the bill on its passage; I
merely want to take it up and set it down for some
day next week, which will not interfere with other
fublic business, that it may be then considered,
t is a bill of some importance to my constituency.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
California moves to take up House bill
the title of which will be read by the Secretary.
Mr. SEWARD. I wish, while the Secretary
is finding the bill, that 1 may be allowed to pre-
sent some petitions.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill has been
found.
Mr. SEWARD. I wish, before that motion is
put, to aslt the Senator to allow me to present the
petitions which I hold in my hands.
Mr. LATHAM. This motion will not occupy
a moment. It is merely to take up a bill.
Mr. SEWARD. I know that; but I am
charged to present petitions,and thnt is the busi-
ness regularly in order. If the Senator will drive
me to do so, 1 object to his motion until petitions
can be heard.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion is in
order.
Mr. SEWARD. I do not object to it in point
of order; but 1 say I object for the reason that I
think petitions are untitled in the morning hour
to preference, and ought to receive it at the hands
of the Senate. Senators are charged with these
petitions, and have no oppoi'tumiy to present
them, because the moining hour is otherwise em-
ployed. I should have presented the pelilioiis
before this time, jf the honorable Senator had
allowed me the indulgence.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from California to
take up House bill No. 299, for the payment of
expenses incurred in the suppression of Indian
hostilities in the State of California.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I hope it will not be
taken up until the petitions are through. I have
been waiting here for two days with petitions to
present. My hands are full of them.
Mr. LATHAM. The Senator from Kentucky
will understand that I do not pre,pose to go into
any discussion of this bill, but merely to take it
up in order to set it down for consideration at
some future day.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I oppose its being taken
up. If this hill be taken up, another may be. If
the question is not proper for you to decide, sir,
whether it can be taken up while petitions are
ready to he presented, 1 hope the Senate will sup-
press this sort of business until another hour of
the day, and allow petitions to be presented.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I suggest to the Senator
from California whether he had better not with-
draw his motion at the present time. I am rathei
disposed, from what I know of the bill, to favor
it; but I am not for fixing a day for it now, with
so many special orders as we have. I think he
will be quite as likely to attain his object without
pressing it just yet, until we dispose of some other
business of a public character which is more press-
ing. I make the suggestion.
Mr. LATHAM. Well, sir, I withdraw the
motion.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. SEWARD presented a petition of citizens
of the State of New York, residing in the county
of Monroe, praying for the settlement of the na-
tional troubles by the final disposition of the Ter-
ritories now held by organizing them into States,
or by the adoption of the Crittenden proposition;
which was oidered to lie on the table.
He also presented a memorial of citizens of
Middletown, New York, praying for the speedy
adoption of such measures as will substantially
embrace the proposition of the Representatives of
the border State?; which was ordered to lie on the
table.
He also presented resolutions of the Legisla-
ture of the State of New York, appointing com-
missioners from that State to meetenmimssioners
from other States at Washington, on invitation of
the State of Virginia; which were ordcied to lie
on the table.
Mr. KING presented a petition of legal voters
of Oswego county, New York, remonstrating
against any legislation under or by which the
local institution of slavery may be extended into
any ofthcTeriitories oftheXJnitedStates, whether
south or north of the old Missouri compromise
line; which was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. MASON. 1 desire to make a report.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I desire to present some
petitions.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from Virginia yield the floor?
Mr. MASON. 1 yield to the Senator.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. 1 wish to present a
petition lioin about a thousand of your constitu-
ents, sii, and mine, of the county of fayette, in
the State of Kentucky; ami ask that it be read.
The Secietury read it, as lollous:
To the Senutc and Ihni'cof /?c;o < toifuth es of the Confess
of flw (lilted St itcs :
Wo, the people ofr^ivett'M'ountv,Kentucky,<5\'ptes: ins
our atlaehux m to the liuon iiml t*i"ihe fOhTcinis mil uonoe 
of which oil) oonntiv im- iii.ule miM unpn'eoilontcd sicl-
varH'u inweilth, population, sunl civilization, ami oui peo-
ple lnivc on,)o>( d nmHi pio-pcutv and happine.^, dooming
o ol vii tl iinput Um e to [he piesoi valion ot our
liberties, and lojjaMliiifr diMimou a* di-a>tions to our host
iutotohis, would alike denounce the soee-Moti movements
at tlio houih, and at the Ninth that >pim of ioM-.tauce to
tiio lim> or oui conntiy fdatr.v to out lights in '-lave piop-
city, wliii'h is recogtn/.ed both by the Constitution and the
law-, of ("on^res^.
We Uehoid with amazement the precipitate action of
the M'oedin'f State , ami with <U>tm-t the iehi>*al on the
p.utot the majonty ot the dominant p.utyin Coupes to
give u<, who de-.iie to Maud the I'nton.Vncli a.->uiances
si-* we requite that our lights \\ lli bo ic-peeted and heeuiod
to u-
We --peak for outlive*, and we lx Iu-vc wo j-peafc Jot a
hll^o nuijoiil) ol the people 01 Kentiu ky, wln-n wo :-.iy
that we apptove ot the nnieufhiienis to the Constitution
and piopoMtion ot oui tfenatoi, Hon. J. J ('itirn,ndr n,
hoping that they will etui the long continued agitation ot
{he Mitveiy question thimiiihont the eouiitiy ; and deeming
tho->p, o. fOiuetlung equivalent to them, alk-oimeiy necc--
saiv to our pioteeuon. we cannot hut coiifitiei the leiu-al
ot the majoiitv in Conges-, to act upon them indicative
of MU'tt a detenmnod luMihtv on tiieu part to the institu-
tions of the tfouth a* inut-t alienate the whole of the slave
States ttorn the fiee, States?.
Believing that Mi. Cm nnNiu.N's proposition? guaranty
to us no more than what wo have a ju.-t tight to aslc fiom
our Inethien of the North, wo take our stand on these, and
ask that Congress take immediate action on them, that we
and the nvt ot the people ot Kentucky may tindcr.-tand the
poMtion which we occupy icl.itive to the extteme patties
North and South.
Mr. CRITTENDEN". I am now further
charged to present, to the Senate a memorial of
citizens of Waldoboro', in the State of Manic,
praying for an adjustment upon the basis of the
same insolations. I have also a petition from
certain citizens of Rowley, Massachusetts, prey-
ing for the settlement of the national troubles upon
the same basis, i have a petition from citizens
of St. Louis to the same effect. I have also res-
olutions of the Democratic State convention of
Connecticut, held at New Haven, Connecticut,
on the 6th instant, in which they request, by reso-
lution, that they may be laid before the Senate.
I will read that resolution:
Resolved, That a copy of the fotcgoing resolutions be
sent to Hon. John J. Crittenden*, ol Kentucky, and that
he be requested to lay the same before the honorable Sen-
ote of the United States; and a like copy be sent to Hon.
James B. Clay, of the said State, and that he be also re-
quested to lay the same before the peace convention now
iu session in the city of Washington."
I have another petition from citizens of theState
of Massachusetts, and they also sign themselves
citizens of the United States, faithful alike to each
allegiance, praying for a settlement on the same
basis. I move that all these petitions and reso-
lutions lie on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I will now, Mr. Pres-
ident, before taking my seat, ask that the resolu-
tions which I offered on a former occasion may
be now receiv'&datfd read. I allude to the reso-
lutions of the pWsidents of the various railroad
companies who assembled in the city of Wash-
ington during the last month.
The VICE PRESIDENT.- The Chair pre-
sented them to the Senate this morning; and they
were received and referred to the committee of
thirteen, together with the other resolutions. Does
the Senator desire to have them read?
Mr. CRITTENDEN. No, sir; if they have
been read.
Mr. MASON. They have been referred, I think.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I wish only to say, in
respect to these gentlemen, that from the very
character of their employment, they hold inter-
course, to a great extent, with the people of the
United States in every quaiter and section They
represent, as they state, §300,000,000, invested in
railroads and railroad stocks. We may judge
from that what is the extent and character of their
intercourse with the people. They say, as far as
they themselves believe, and from their intercourse
with the people, they think their opinions corre-
spond, and they think the people arc in favor of
the adjustment which they themselves are for, of
the great national questions which now disturb
us. These arc petitions of no ordinary character,
and i trust will have a proper consideration from
the Senate.
I wish to say one word more. I have not
abated anything in my anxiety and zeal for the
action of tins body on the resolutions which I
have offered; but 1 have, for some days past, de-
clined to urge upon the Senate the consideration
of those resolutions, outof respect to the conven-
tion of delegates appointed by the several States
to meet here on this samp great question. I thought
it was more deferential and more respectful to
them to leave the subject for their action, as that
would be entitled to a much more controlling in-
fluence than anything I could do. It is for that
reason, and that only, and not from any abate-
ment in my own zeal and anxiety on the subject,
that I have not pressed them recently; and I wish
it to be understood that at as early a period as I
can, consistently with respect for that convention,
lesume my attempts in this House to call them
before this body for their consideration and decis-
ion, I shall certainly do so.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The hour of one
o'clock having arrived, it is the duty of the Chair
to call up the special order, which is the unfinished
business of yesterday.
Mr. MASON. I move to defer it, to enable
gentlemen to make some reports. I shall not
occupy the floor a moment. I gave the floor to
the Senator from Kentucky, without the knowl-
edge that he would address the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Virginia moves to postpone the special order, in
order to go on with petitions and reports.
Mr. BIGLER. What is the special order?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The unfinished
business of yesterday—the tariff bill.
Air. BIGLER. Let it lie over informally.
Mr. A1ASON I merely want to make a re-
port.
Mr. ANTHONY. Let it be done informally.
The motion was agreed to; there being, on a
division—ayes twenty-five; noes not counted.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I desire to understand
whether the motion is to lay over the special order
infoimully ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is to postpone
it for the purpose indicated; and when petitions
and reports are through, the Chair will call it up
again.
KEPOltTS PROM COMMITTEES.
Mr, MASON, from the Committee on Foreign
