1861.]
APPENDIX TO THE-CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
241
36tii Cong....2d Sess. The Great American Revolution of 1861—Mr. Vallandigham.
Ho. of Rjgps.
out of it. As between two confederacies—the
one non-slaveholaing, and the other slavehold-
ing—all the States of the South must belong to
the latter, except possibly Maryland and Dela-
ware, and they of course could remain with the
former only upon the understanding that just as
soon as practicable slavery should be abolished
within their limits. If fifteen slave States cannot
protect themselves, and feel secure in a Union
with eighteen anti-slavery Stales, how can eight
slaveStates maintain their position and their rights
in a Union with nineteen, or with thirty, anti-
slavery States ? The question, therefore, is not
merely what will keep Virginia in the Union, but
also what will bring Georgia back. And here let
me say that I do not doubt that there is a large
and powerful Union sentiment still surviving in
all of the States which have seceded, South Car-
olina alone perhaps excepted; and that if the peo-
ple of those States can be assured that they shall
have the power to protect themselves by their own
action wilhinthe Union, they will gladly return to it,
very greatly preferring protection within to secu-
rity outside of it. Just now, indeed, the fear of
danger, and your persistent and obstinate refusal
to enable them to guard against it, have delivered
the people of those States over into the hands and
under the control of the real secessionists and dis-
unionists among them; but give them security and
the means of enforcing it; above all, dry up forever
this pestilent fountain of slavery agitation as a
political element in both sections, and, my word for
it, ihe ties of a common ancestry, a common kin-
dred, and common language; the bonds of a com-
mon interest, common danger, and common safety;
the recollections of the past, and of associations
not yet dissolved,and the brighthopesof a future
to all of us, more glorious and resplendent than any
other eountry ever saw; ay, sir, and visions, too, of
that old flag of the Union, and of the music of the
Union, and precious memories of the statesmen
and heroes of the dark days of the Revolution-,
will fill their souls yet again with desires and
yearnings intense for the glories, the honors, and
the material benefits, too, of that Union which
their fathers and our fathers made; and they will
return to it, not as the prodigal, but with songs
and rejoicing, as the Hebrews returned from the
captivity to the ancient city of their kings.
Proceeding, sir, upon the principles which I
have already considered, and applying them to
the causes which, step by step, have led to our
present troubles, I have ventured with great def-
erence to submit the propositions which are upon
the table of the House. While not inconsistent
with any of the other pending plans of adjust-
ment, they are, in myjudgment, and again I speak
it with becoming deference, fully adequate to
secure that protection from aggression, without
which there can be no confidence, and therefore
no peace and no restoration for the Union.
There are two maxims, sir, applicable to all
constitutional reform, both of which it has been
my purpose to follow. In the first place, not to
amend more or further than is necessary for the
mischiefto be remedied ;and next, to follow strictly
the principles of the Constitution, which is to be
amended; and corollary to these I mightadd that,
in framing amendments, the words and phrases of
the Constitution ought so far as practicable to be
adopted.
I propose, then, sir, to do as all others in the
Senate and the House have done, so far—to recog-
nize the existence of sections as a fixed fact, which,
lamentable as it is, can no longer be denied or sup-
pressed; but, for the reasons 1 have already stated,
I propose to establish four instead of two grand
sections of the Union, all of them well known or
easily designated by marked, natural, Or geo-
graphical li^es and boundaries. 1 propose four
sections instead of two; because, if two only are
recognized, the natural and inevitable division will
be into slaveholdmg and non-slaveholdmg sec-
tions; and it is this very division, either by con-
stitutional enactment, or by common consent, as
hitherto, which, in my deliberate judgment and
deepest conviction, it concerns the peace and sta-
bility of the Union should be forever hereafter
ignored. Till then there cannot be, and will not
be, pcrfect union and peace between these Uni-
ted States; because, in the first place, the nature
New Series—No. 16.
of the question is such that it stirs up, necessa-
rily, as forty years of strife conclusively proves,,
the strongest and the bitterest passions and an-
tagonism possible among men; and, in the next
place, because the lionslaveholding section has
now, and will have to the end, a steadily increas-
ing majority, and enormously disproportioned
weight and influence in the Government! thus
combining that which never can be very long
resisted in any Government—the temptation and
the power to aggress. Sir, it was not the mere
geographical line which so startled'Mr. Jefferson
in 1820; but the coincidence of that line with the
marked principle, moral and political, of slavery.
And now, sir, to remove this very mischief which
he predicted, and which has already happened,it
is essential that this coincidence should be oblit-
erated; and the repeated failure, for years past, of
all other compromises based upon a recognition
of this coincidence, has proved beyond doubt
that it cannot bo obliterated unless it be by other
and conflicting lines of principle and interests. I
propose, therefore, to multiply the sections, and
thus efface the slave-labor and free-labor divis-
ion, and at the same time, and in this manner, to
diminish the relative power of each section. And
to prevent combinations among these different
sections, I propose, also, to allow a vote in the
Senate by sections, upon demand of one third of
the Senators of any section, and to require the con-
currence of a majority of the Senators of each
section in the passage of any measure in which,
by the Constitution, it is necessary that the House,
and therefore, also, the President, should concur.
All this, sir, is perfectly consistent with the prin-
ciples of the Constitution, as shown in the divis-
ion of the legislative department into the two
Houses of Congress; the veto power; the two-
thirds vote of both Houses necessary to pass a
bill over the veto; the provisions in regard to the
ratification of treaties and amendments of the Con-
stitution; but especially in the equal repiesenta-
tion and suffrage of each State in the Senate,
whereby the vote of Delaware, with a hundred
thousand inhabitants, vetoes the vote of New York,
with her population of nearly four million. If
the protection of the smaller States against the
possible aggressions of the larger States required,
in thejudgmentof theframersofthe Constitution,
this peculiar and apparently inequitable provis-
ion, why shall not the protection, by a similar
power of veto, of the smallerand weaker sections
against the aggressions of the larger and stronger
sections, not be now allowed, when time and ex-
perience have proved the necessity of just such
a check upon the majority? Does anyone doubt
that, if the men who made the Constitution had
foreseen that the real danger to the system lay not
in aggression by the large upon the small States,
but in geographical combinations of the strong
sections againstthe weak, they would have guard-
ed jealously against that mischief, just as they
did against the danger to which they mistakenly
believed the Government to beexposed? And if
now, sir, this protection be demanded by the mi-
nority as the price of the Union, so just and rea-
sonable a provision ought not for a moment to be
denied. Par better this than secession and dis-
ruption. This would, indeed, enable the minor-
ity to fight for their rights in the Union, instead
of breaking it in pieces to secure them outside of it.
Certainly, sir, it is in the nature of a veto power
to each section in the Senate; but necessity re-
quires it; secession demands it, just as twice in
the history of the Roman Commonwealth seces-
sion demanded and received the power of the trib-
unitian veto as 'the price of a restoration of the
Republic. The secession to the Sacred Mount
secured, just as a second secession half a century
later restored, the veto of the tribunes of the peo-
ple, and reinvigorated and preserved the Roman
constitution for three hundred years. Vetoes,
checks, balances, concurrent majorities—these,
sir, are the true conservators of free Government.
But it is not 111 legislation alone that the danger
or the temptation to aggress is to be found. Of
the tremendous power and influence of the Exec-
utive I have already spoken. And, indeed, the
present revolutionary movements are the result
of the apprehension of executive usurpation and
encroachments to the injury of the rights of the
South. But for secession because of this appre-
hended danger, the legislative department would
have remained, for the present at least, in other
and safer hands. Hence the necessity for eq-ual
protection and guarantee against sectional combi-
nations and majorities to secure the election of
the President, and to control him when elected.
I propose, therefore, that a concurrent majority
of the electors, or States, or Senators, as the case
may require, of each section, shall be necessary
to the choice of President and Yice President;
and lest, by reason of this increased complexity,
there may be a failure of choice oftener than here-
tofore, I propose also a special election in such
case, and an extension of the term in ail cases to
six years. This is the outline of the plan; the
details may be learned in full from the joint res-
olution itself; and I will not detain theliouseby
any further explanation now.
Sir, the natural and inevitable result of these
amendments, will be to preclude the possibility
of sectional parties and combinations to obtain
possession of either the legislative or the execu-
tive power and patronage of the Federal Govern-
ment; and,if not to suppress totally, at least, ver.y
greatly to diminish the evil results of national cau-
cuses, conventions, and other similar party ap-
pliances. It will no longer be possible to elect a
PresidSnt by the votes of a mere dominant and
majority section. Sectional issues must cease, as
the basis at least of large party organizations.
Ambition, or lust for power and place, must look
no longer to its own section, but to the whole
country; and he who would be President, or in
any way the foremost among his countrymen,
must consult, henceforth, the combined good and
the good will, too, of all the sections, and in this
way, consistently with the Constitution, can the
" general welfare " be best attained. Thus, in-
deed, will the result be, instead of a narrow, illib-
eral, and sectional policy, an enlarged patriotism
and extended public spirit.
If it be urged that the plan is too complex, and
therefore impracticable, 1 answer that that was
the objection in the beginning to the whole Fed-
eral system, and to almost every part of it. It is
the argument of the French Republicans against
the division of the legislative department into two
Chambers; and it was the argument especially
urged at first against the entire plan or idea of the
electoral colleges for the choice of a President.
But, if complex, I answer again, It will prevent
more evil than good. If it suspend some legis-
lation for a time, I answer, The world is governed
too much. If it cause delay sometimes in both
legislation and the choice of President, I answer
yet again, Better, far better, this than disunion and
the ten thousand complexities, peaceful and bel-
ligerent, which must attend it. Better, infinitely
better this, in the Union, than separate confed-
eracies outside of it, with either perpetual war or
entangling and complicated alliances, offensive
and defensive, from henceforth forever. To the
South I say, If you are afraid of free State ag-
gressions by Congress or the Executive, here is
abundant protection for even the most timid. To
the Republican party of the North and West I
say, If you really tremble, as for years past you
would have had us believe, over that terrible, but
somewhat mythical, monster—the slave power—
here, too, is the utmost security for you against
the possibility of its aggressions. And from first
to last, allow me to say that, being wholly nega-
tive in its provisions, this plan can only prevent
evil, and not work any positive evil itself. It is
a shield for defense; not a sword for aggression.
In one word let me add that the whole purpose
and idea of this plan of adjustment which I pro-
Sose, is to give to the several sections inside of the
'nion that power of self-protection which they are
resolved, or will some day or other be resolved, to
secure for themselves outside of the Union.
I propose further, sir, that neither Congress,
nor a Territorial Legislature shall have power to
interfere with the equal right of migration, from
all sections, into the Territories of the United
States; and that neither shall have power to de-
stroy or impair any rights of either person or
property, in these Territories; and, finally, that
new States, either when annexed or when formed
out of any of the Territories, with the consent of
