1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
nothing less than the same title which the Indians
themselves acquired from the United States to the
country that lies west of the State of Arkansas;
for they expressly say—and, in order that the
parallel may be scon plainly by the Senate, I will
read the passage:
" To enable the President of the United States to carry
into cffect the above grand and humane objects"—
Reciting the objects for which this treaty was
made—
"the Mingoes, warriors, and headmen of the Choctaw na-
tion, in full council assembled, in behalf of themselves and
said nation, do, by these presents, cede to the United States
of America all the land lying and being within the bound-
aries following."
The same words are used in the conveyance by
the Choctaws to the United States that are used
by the United States in the conveyance to the
Choctaws of the country which lies west of the
Slate of Arkansas; and the character of the titles
is identically tiie same. If the Choctaws have not
a good and perfect title to their country, the Uni-
ted Slates had not a good and perfect title to the
Territory of Mississippi, which they purchased
from the Choctaws. I do not think it is possible
that any one, after examining the treaty, will, for
one instant, controvert the fact that the purchase
was complete; that the title acquired was perfect;
and that the whole transaction, after that treaty
was complete within itself, needed no after nego-
tiation and no after construction to procure for
these Indians any better character of title than
they had under that treaty.
This fact is not confined to the treaty of 3820
alone; it applies to the treaty of 18*25. The United
States ascertained, after they created the Territory
of Arkansas m 1820, when it was stricken off from
the Territory of Missouri, and Missouri was ad-
mitted as a State, that the western boundary of
that Territory, a part of what naturally belonged
to it and should naturally go with it, was em-
braced in the Choctaw cession; and, in 1825, the
United States made a purchase from the Choc-
taws of a portion of their country west of Aikan-
sas; and then, for the first time, defined distinctly
what should be the eastern boundary of the Choc-
taw cession and the western boundary of the Ter-
ritory of Arkansas. In that treaty, it will be found
that the title of the Choctaws is again recognized
as a cession complete and perfect within itself,
and needing no further declarations to make it a
foe simple title complete in every respect what-
soever. I will read from that treaty. It begins:
" Whereas a treaty of friendship and limits and accom-
modation having been entoied into at Doakc's Stand, on the
18th of Ootobei, in the year 18-20, between Andrew Jack-
fion and Thomas Hinds, cominissioneis on the pait of the
United States, and the ducts and warriors of the Choctaw
nation of Indians; and whereas the second article of the
treaty aiote-aul provides lor a cession of lands, west of the
Mississippi, to the Choctaw nation, in pait sati&iaetion tor
lands ceded by said nation to the United States according
to the fust aittcle of said tiea-ty'*—
There is a recitation of the fact of that cession.
Again, m other parts of this treaty of 1825, allu-
sion is made to it; and it is always spoken of and
treated as a " cession"—a term well known to the
civil law; a term well known to all diplomatic cor-
respondence and arrangements as to the transfer
of territory from one nation to another; a term
invariably used on such occasions; a term that
has a technical meaning, and one that I ptcsiune
will not be disputed by any of the very intelligent
gentlemen who are on the Committee on Finance.
This is notall. In the treaty of 1830, we find the
same point,except that the subject there is coupled
with what may be very well termed a fraud prac-
ticed by the United States upon the ignorance of
a tribe of Indians, famed for their friendship and
devotion and good faith to all the white people of
this country. The treaty of September 27,1830,
provides:
« The United States, under a grant specially to be made
bv the President of the United States'"—
Itscemsto me that the language is half treacher-
ous when it is used; it is the repeutiou of a grant
oncc before made and again recognized, and which
was perfect within itself:
'• The United Stares, undet a giant specially to be made
In the Pi evident of the Unite J State',, "hall cause to be con-
veved to the Choctaw Nation a tiact of country we^t of the
Mississippi river, m fee simple to them and their descend-
ants, to inure i«> them while they thali wu-t as a nation and
live on it, beginning near Foil Smith where the Arkansas
boundaiy erodes the Aikan^as nvei, mnmntr ui^nee to the
source of the Canadian Fork; if jn the limits of the United
States"
There the limits are cut down some fifteen or
twenty million acres by this treaty: for there, for
the first time in the course of these transactions,
is it found anywhere in any of the treaties be-
tween the Ujiited States and the Choctaws, that
anything is said in regard to the limits of the
United States or to the restrictions upon the west-
ern boundary of the Choctaw cession, other than
that the source of the Canadian should constitute
that boundary. I continue the quotation: 44 if m
the limits of the United States, or to those limits."
We {subsequently acquired that country, and I
will not raise a question as to what might be
claimed as the rights of the Choctaw in that re-
spect; for they have not raised it themselves, and
1 consider it unnecessary. When you sell land
which you do not own at the time, but you after-
wards acquire the title to it yourself, I believe
there is no better established principle of law than
that the property at once goes to your grantee,
and the acquired title becomes his. I do not,
however, raise that question here. You can see
in this treaty the restriction which was imposed.
I will read it again:
" The United States, under a grant specially to he made
b> the President of the United States, shall cause to be con-
veyed to the Choctaw Nation atiact of country westof the
Mississippi river, m fee simple to them and their descend-
ants, to mure to them while they shall exist as a nation
and live on it."
There is a restriction. In the first instance, in
1820, there was made to the Choctaw nation a dis-
tinct cession which had no limitation, and which
was a perfect fee simple title. This was recognized
in 1825; but heic, in this treaty of 1830, ignorantly
and deceptively as to the Indians, as you will see
by what follows, a restriction was imposed on
their right of ownership of that which belonged
to them before—a restriction withoutgiving them
one cent of consideration for it:
Beginning neai Fort Smith, where the Aikaosas boun-
daiy eiosses the Aikansas nvei, lunning thence to the
souices of the Canadian foik, if in the limits of th<  United
States, or to those limits; thence due south to Red river,
and down Red river to the west boundary ot the Teriitoiy or
AiKansas; thence north along that line to the beginning.
The boundaiy of the <*ame to be agieeahly tn the treaty made
and concluded at Wa^hnuzton city m the year 182«>. The
giant to be executed so soon as the present treaty shall be
laiitied."
That boundary, consequently, is the same boun-
dary that they purchased in 1820, and which was
recognized in 1825, with the exception of what
portion in 1825 was sold off to the United States
for the Territory of Arkansas. The treaty of
1830 goes on to say: " in consideration of the pro-
visions contained in the several articles of this
treaty;" it does not refer to the second article spe-
cially, although this provision is made to go right
after the second article, this being the third arti-
cle, " in consideration of the provisions contained
in the several articles of this treaty, the Choctaw
nation of Indians do consent and hereby cede to
the United States the entiie country they own and
possess east of the Mississippi river," which con-
stituted the remainder of the State of Mississippi,
| in fact, about one half of that State, and it is esti-
' meited by the Land Office to be ten million five
hundred thousand acres in round numbers:
"And they agree to remove beyond the Mississippi liver
as eaily as practicable, and will &o airange their removal
that as many as possible," &c.
It will be seen from this statement that theChoc-
taws ceded first a part of the State of Mississippi,
and then all the residue. For the first part which
they coded, they received all the country west of
Arkansas, and for the second part they received
nothing but what is contained in the other arti-
cles of that treaty; and that which is contained in
those other articles will be found to consistalmost
| entirely of reservations. In other words, they
are paid for the whole of their land by consent-
ing to give them a few of the, select parts of the
land; and then they are also allowed $20,000 as
an annuity for twenty years; that is an amountof
$409,000 for the whole of that territory! That
was ail the consideration that they were to re-
ceive; and from these premises alone were they
to procure the whole of their pay, according to
the construction which I have found hitherto put
on this tieatv. It was not a cession of the coun-
try that lay westof Atkansaa that constituted the
consideration for the cession of the remainder of
the State of Mississippi, for there is another arti-
cle—article eighteen—of the treaty of 1830, which
goes <m to say:
" Art. It*. The United Statesman cause the lands hereby
ceded fin Mississippi] to be surveyed randsurv'eyorsmay
enter the Choctaw country tor that purpose, conducting
themselves properly, and disturbing or interrupting none of
the Choctaw people., But no person is to be permitted to *
settle within the nation, or the lands to be sold before the y#
Choctaws shall remove. And for the payment of (he sev- W
cial amounts seemed m this treaty, the lands hereby ceded
are to remain a fund, pledged to that purpose, until the debt
shall b&4>rovided for and arranged. And further, it is agreed,
that in the construction of this treaty, wherever well-
founded doubt shall arise, it shall be construed most favor-
ably towards the Choctaws."
So that there was absolutely, for the faithful
exectition of the treaty on the part of the United
States, a Hen reserved on the whole of the lands
in the State of Mississippi, or the funds which
should be realized by the United States from their
sale, for the payment of all the obligations of the
Government of the United States to the Choctaw
Indians.
I believe now that the reading* of these treaties
and the explanation I have given, must relieve the
mind of every one from the thought that the ces-
sion of lands west of Arkansas can' be brought
into any estimate of any account-here; and it-will
suffice, I think, in addition to that, to state that,
in making up the accounts between the Govern-
ment of the United States and the ChoctawYia-
tion of Indians, the Interior Department, the Land
Office-, the Second Auditor, and others who have
had it under consideration, have never oncc re-
feired to any such consideration under the treaty
of 1830, as the further cession of lands west of the
now State of Arkansas.
Mr. GWIN. Will the Senator from Arkansas
permit me to make a report from a committee of
conference ?
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Certainly.
TIIE DEFICIENCY BILL.
Mr. GWIN. The committee of conference
appointed on the part of die Senate upon House
bill No. 866, entitled cc An act to supply deficien-
cies in the appropriations for the service of the
fiscal year ending the 30th of June, 1861," have
met the committee of the House of Representa-
tives, and after a full conference have been una-
ble to agree; and 1 am instructed to report that
fact to the Senate, and to ask that this committee
be discharged, and that the Senate appoint a sec-
ond committee of conference.
Mr. HALE. I wish to inquire whether it will
be in order to move that the Senate recede from
any of the amendments which they have made,
on which the two Houses have disagreed, and
which the committee have been unable to agree
upon. My impression is that that will be in order,
because it will supersede the necessity of another
conference, if the Senate rccede.
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Foot in *
the chair.) The Chair has no doubt that a mo-
tion to recede is in order at any time.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I do not believe
the Senator fiom New Hampshire would wish to
interpose a debate here in the midst of my speech;
and I do not think the Senator from California
would have desired the floor for the purpose of
interrupting my remarks.
Mr. GWIN. As the Senator is in the midst
of a speech, I hope the matter will he over.
Mr. HALE Before it goes over, let me make
a motion to rccede from one amendment of the
Senate.
Mr. GWIN. There is a subject now before
the Senate, and a Senator is on the floor.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Let this matter
lie on the table for the present.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The first ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Califor-
nia, to discharge this committee of conference from
the further consideration of the bill; and that a
new committee of conference be appointed on the
part of the Senate.
Mr. HALE. My question of order, in which
I thought the Chair sustained me, was, that it is
in order for the Senate to reccde from an amend-
ment to which the other House have disagreed,
before asking for a second committee.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The first ques-
tion is on discharging the present committee from
the further consideration of this bill.
Mr. HALE. I have no objection to that mo-
tion.
The question being put, the committee was dis-
charged from further consideration of the bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Now, the mo.
