242
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 20,
36xii Oong....2d,Sess. The Great American Revolution of 1861—Mr. VaMandigham.
Ho. of Reps.
Congress, shall be admitted into the Union with
any constitution, republican in form, which the
people of such States may ordain.
And now, gentlemen of the South, "Why cannot
you accept it? The Federal Government has
never yet, in any way, aggressed upon your
rights. Hitherto, indeed, it has been in your
own,or at least in friendly hands. You only fear
—being in the minority—that it will aggress, be-
cause it has now fallen under the control of those
who, you believe, have the temptation, the will,
and the power to aggress. But this plan of ad-
justment proposes to take away the power ; and of
what avaii will the temptation or the will then
be, without the-power to exccute? Both must
soon perish.
And why cannot you, of the Republican party,
accept it ? There is not a word about slavery in
it, from beginning to end: I mean in the amend-
ments. It is silent upon the question. South of
36° 3D,' and cast of the Rio Grande, there is scarce
any territory which is not now within the limits
of some existing State; and west of that river, and
of the Rocky Mountains, as well as north of 36°
30' and eastof those mountains, though any new
State should establish slavery still her vote would
be counted in tftv Senate and in the electoral col-
leges with the non-slaveholdmgrsection to. which
she would belong; just as if, within the limits of
the South, any State should abolish slavery, or
any new State not tolerating slavery should be
admitted, the vote of such State would also be east
with the section of the South. However slavery
might be extended, as a mere form of civilization
or of labor, there could be no extension of it as a
mere aggressive political element in the Govern-
ment. If the South only demand that the Federal
Government shall not be used aggressively to pro-
hibit the extension of slavery; if she does not de-
sire to use it herself, upon the other hand, posi-
tively to extend the institution, then she may well
be satisfied; and if you of the Republican party
do not really mean to aggress upon slavery where
it now exists-, if you nrp not, in fact, opposed to
the admission of any more slave States; if, indeed,
you do not any longer propose to use the powers
of the Federal Government positively and nggivs-
sively to prohibit slavery in the Territories, but
are satisfied to allow it to tak'e its natural course,
according to the laws of interest or of climate,
then you, too,may well be content with this plan
of adjustment, since it does not demand of you,
openly and publicly, to deny, abjure, and re-
nounce, in so many words, the more moderate
principles and doctrines which you have this ses-
sion professed. And yet, candor obliges me to de-
clare, that this plan of settlement, and every other
plan, whatsoever, which is of the slightest value—
even the amendment of the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts, [Mr. Adams,] is a vntual dissolution
of the Republican pauy, as a'meie sectional and
anti-slavery oiganization; and this, too, will, in
my judgment, be equally the result, whether we
compromise at all, and the Union be thus restored,
or whether it be finally and forever dissolved. The
people of the North and the West will never trust
the destroyers—for destroyers, indeed, you will
be, if you reject all fair terms of ad justment—the
destroyers of one Government, and such a Gov-
ernment a.s this, wiih the Administration and con-
trol of any other. You hate now the executive
department, as the result of the late election. Bet-
ter, fur bett< r, reorganize and nationalize your
party, and keep the Government for Jour years
in peace, and with a Union of thirty-four Slates,
tli^n with tin* shadow and mockery of a btokon
and disjointed Union of sixteen or nineteen States,
ending, at last, in total and hopeless dissolution.
Having thus, sir, guarded diligently the rights
of these vuial States and sections, and given to each
section also the power to protect itself inside of the
Union from aggression, 1 propose next to limitand
to regulate the alleged right of secession, since
this, from a dormant abstraction, has now become
a practical question of tremendous import. As
long, sir, as secession remained an untried and
only menaced experiment, that confidence without
which no Government can be stable or efficient,
was notshaken, because it was believed that actual
secession would never be tried; or if tried, that it
must speediiy and mgloriously fail. The popular
faith, cherished for years, has been that the Union
could not be dissolved. To that faith the Repub-
lican party was indebted for its success in the late
election; and we who predicted its dissolution were
smitten upon the cheek and condemned to feed
upon bread of affliction and water of affliction, like
the prophet whom Ahab hated. But partial dis-
solution has already occurred. Secession has been
tried and has proved a speedy and a terrible suc-
ccss. The practicability of doing it and the way
to do it, have both been established. Sir, the ex-
periment may readily be repeated. It will be re-
peated. And is it not madness and folly, then, to
call back, by adjustment, the States which have
seceded, or to hold back the States which are threat-
ening to secede, without providing some safeguard
against the renewal of this most simple and disas-
trous experiment ? Can foreign nations have any
confidence hereafter in the stability of a Govern-
ment which may so readily, speedily, and quietly
be dissolved ? Can we have any confidence among
ourselves?
If it be said that it would have availed nothing
to check secession in the Gulf States, even had
there been a constitutional prohibition of it, I an-
swer, perhaps not, if it had been total and abso-
lute, for then there would have been no alterna-
tive but submission or revolution; and liencc I
propose only to define and restrain and to regu-
late this alleged right. But I deny that, if a par-
ticular mode of secession had been prescribed
by the Constitution, and thus every other mode
prohibited, it would have been possible to have
secured, in any of the seceding States—no, not
even in South Carolina—a majority in favor of
separate State secession, or secession in any other
way than that provided in the Constitution. No,
sir; it was the almost universal belief in the cot-
ton States in the unlimited right of secession—
a doctrine recognized by few in the free States,
but held to by a great many, if not very gener-
ally, all over the slave States—which madeseces-
sion so easy. It is hard to bring any consider-
able number of the people, of the United States—
suddenly, at least—up to the point of a palpable
violation of the Constitution; but it is easy, very
easy, to draw them into any act which seems to be
only the exercise of one right for the purpose of
securing and preserving the higher rights of life,
liberty, person, and property for a whole State or
a whole section. Sir, it is because of this very
idea or notion among the people of the GulfStates,
that they were exercising a right reserved under
the Constitution, that secession there, and the
establishment of a new confederacy and provis-
ional government, have been marked by so much
rapidity, order, and method, all through the bal-
lot-box, and not with the halter, or at the point
of the bayonet, over oppressed minorities; and,
for the most part, with so few of the excesses and
irregularities which'have characterized the prog-
lesa of other levolutions. I would not prohibit
totally the right of secession, lest violent revolu-
tions should follow; for where laws and constitu-
tions are to be overleaped, and they who make the
revolution avow it to be a revolution, and claim
no right except the universal rights of man, such
revolutions are commonly violent and bloody
within themselves; and even if not, they cannot
be resisted by the established authorities except
at the cost of'civil war; while, if submitted to in
silence, they tend to demoralize all government.
It is of vital importance therefore, eveiy way, in
my judgment, that the exercise of this certainly
quasi revolutionary right should be defined, lim-
ited, and restrained; and accordingly, 1 propose
that no State shall secede without the consent of
the Legislatures of all the States of the section to
which the State proposing to accede may belong.
Tins is obviously a most reasonable restraint;
and yet, of its sufficiency no man can doubt,
when he remembers that, in the present ciisis of
the country, had this provision existed, no Stare
could have obtained the absolute consent, at least,
of even one half of the States of the South.
Such, Mr. Speaker, is the plan which, with
great deference,and yet with great confidence, too,
in its efficiency, I would propose for the adjust-
ment of our controversies, and for the restoration
and preservation of the Union which our fatheis
made. Like all human contrivances, certainly, it
is imperfect, and subject to objection. But some-
thing searching, radical, extreme, going to the
very foundations of government, and reaching the
seat of the malady, must be done, and that right
speedily, while the fracture is yet fresh, and re-
union is possible. Two months ago, when I last
addressed the House, imploring yt>ufor immediate
action, less, much less, would have sufficed; but
we learned no wisdom from the lessons of the past;
and now, indeed,not poppy, normandragora, nor
other drowsy sirup is of any value to arrest that
revolution, in the midst of which we are to-day—
a revolution the grandest and the saddest of mod-
ern times.
APPENDIX.
The followingare the amendments to the Con-
stitution proposed by Mr. Vallan'digiiam:
Joint Resolution.
Wheieas the Constitution of the United States is a gran?
of speeifiopowersdelegatedto the Federal Government by
the people of several States, all powers not delegated to it
nor prohibited to the States being reserved to the States,
lespectivcly, or to the people ; and whereas it is the tend-
ency of stronger Governments to enlarge their powers and
jurisdiction at the expen&e of weaker Governments, and of
majoiiucs to uautp and abuse power and oppress minori-
ties, to atrest and hold in check whieh tendency compacts
and constitutions are made; and whereas the only efiectnai
constitutional &eeurity loi the rights of minorities, whether
as people or as States, is the power expressly reserved in
constitutions of protecting those lights by their own action;
and wheieas this mode ot protection by cheeks and guar-
antees is recognized in the Federal Constitution, as wellm
the ease of the equality of the States in representation and
in suffrage in the Senate, as m the provision for overruling
the veto ot the President and for amending the Constitu-
tion, not to enumciatc other examples; and whereas, un-
happily, because of the vast extent and diversified interests
and institutions of the several States of the Union, sectionaf
divisions can no longer be suppressed ; and whereas it con-
cerns the peace and stability oi the Feueral Union and Gov-
ernment that a division of the States into mert3 slavehold-
ing and non-slavehoidmg sections, causing hitherto, and "
fiora the natuie and necessity ot the case, inflammatoiy and
disasttous controversies upon the subject of siaveiy, end-
ing already in piesent disruption ot the Union, should be
loicvet hereafter ignored ; and whereas this important end
is best to be attained by the recognition of other sections
without legaid to siaveiy, neithei of which sections shall
alone be t-tiong enough to oppress oi contiol the others, and
each be vested witlnhe power to protect ilselt from aggres-
sions: Therefoie, *
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives of
the United States of Jlmetita in Congress assembled, (two
thuds of both Houses concurring.) That the following ai ti-
des be, and aie heicby, piopo^'cd as amendments to the
Constitution ot the United States, which shall be valid to
all intents and purposes as pan ot said constitution when
ratilied by conventions m tlncofouithsofthe seveial States:
Article Xnf.
Sfcc.l. The United States are divided into four sections,
as follows:
The States of Maine, New Hampshire, Vermont, Massa-
chusetts, Rhode Inland, Connecticut, Now York, New Jer-
sey, and Pennsylvania, and all new States annexed and
admitted into the Union, oi formed or eiected within the
juiUdicuon of any of &aid States, or by the junction of two
or moie of the same, or ot parts theieof, oi out of territory
acquired noith of said States, shall commute one section,
to be known as the North.
The Slates of Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, Michigan. Wiscon-
sin, Minnesota, Iowa, and Kauris, and all new States an-
il nexed or admitted into the Union, or elected within the
juusdiction of any ol said States, or by the junction of two
; or moie of the same, or of paite thereof, or out o 'tcmiory
i now held or hcicafter acquiied north of latitude 38° 30',
: and ea-t of the crest of the Uocky Mountains, shall consu-
; tute another section, to bo known as toe West.
i The State* of Oiegon and California, and all new States
j annexed and admitted into the Union, or ioimed or elected
j v\ ithin the jui isdtction of any oi said Suite?, oi by the junc-
j tion of two oi more of the same, oi of paiN Theieof, or out
! ot teintoiy now held or heteaitei acquited vve^t of the crest
1 of the Itocky Mountains and ot the Ivio Grande, shall con-
Institute another fee-turn to be known the Pacific.
i* The States of Delawaie. Maryland, Vuginia, Noith Car-
i oliua, South Caiolma, Georgia, Florida, Alabama, Mi>sis-
j sippi, fjout.-iaxm, Texas, Aikaubas, Tennessee, Kentucky,
j and Ylivsmiu, and all new States annexed and admitted
j info the Union, or foimed or erected within the juiindiction
I ot any oi said States, or by the junction ot rwo or more of
j the Mime, or ot pmn theieof, or out of teintoiy acquned
, east ot the Rio Giantle and : otith ot latitude 38° 3J', shall
j constitute another section, to be known asHhe South.
j Sec. 2. On demand of oee thud of the Senators of any
; one of the sections on any bill, or^ei, resolution, or vote,
j to which the coneuiienee ot the IIou«e ot .Representatives
I may be necessary, exceptor! a question of adjournment, a
vote shall be had by sections, and a mujuiity of the Sen-
ators from each section voting shall he necessary to the pas-
sage of such bilI,oidei, or resolution, and to the validity of
eveiy such vote.
Skc. 3. Two of the cleetois tor President and Vice Pres-
ident shall he appointed by each State m such manner as
the Lcgislatmc theieoi may direct, tor the State at laige.
The of her ejectors to which each State may be entitled,
shall be chosen in the respective congieasional districts into
which uie State may, at the regular deoonmal period,have
