THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 9,
' tion of the Senator from New Hampshire, with
/ the bill, lies over for consideration.
I INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
[ The consideration of the Indian appropriation
4)ili was resumed.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Now, Mr.
President, I have shown, I think, very plainly—
although I can take no credit to myself for doing
it half as well as many others on this floor could
do it, but still plainly enough for any of the mem-
bers of this body distinctly to understand it—that
the cession of the lands west of the Mississippi
had nothing to do with our legislation, even if we
go all the way back to investigate all the subjects
conneoted with the Choctaws. It has nothing
whatever to do with the accounts that are before
us. 1 cannot, however, pass the subject oyer
without calling attention to a few remarks which
were made the other day by the Senator from
Maine, [Mr. Fessenden,] who is one of the mem-
bers of the Committee on Finance. I do not see
him in his seat, and I can only regret that he is
not here. In the course of his remarks, speaking
of the very great amount of the claim of the Choc-
taws, the Senator went on to say that the territory
which they received from the United States was
an immense empire—that was his expression.
He said they had received that great empire, im-
mensely more than they were entitled to receive.
I will say to the Senator, that what they received
there was for a very small part of what they had
•ceded to the United States in the State of Missis-
sippi.
In order to make the absurdity of the remark
with regard to the Choctaws more palpable still,
let me ask, at the time the cession was made of
the country west of Arkansas, what was its con-
dition? The cession was made in 1820. In 1820
that country lay west of the Territory which was
then organized, and the whole Territory had but
•one county in it; and that was the county of Ar-
kansas, as a part of the Territory of Missouri
previous to her admission into the Union. What
population was there ? There could not have been
within the limits of the Territory of Arkansas, at
the time it was detached from Missouri, more than
-ten or twelve thousand people, if, indeed, there
were moie than five thousand. I think the num-
ber of persons inside of the Territory was about
five thousand, according to such statements as I
have seen m regard to it.
Then, what was the character of the territory
which was ceded to the Choctaws, that lay west
of that? That territory was then a wilderness,
utter and entire; and there was no human being
that ever made a track upon it except the wild
and roving Indians, whose hunting grounds those
lands constituted. That wilderness was utterly
unbroken. It was a small part of the country
which the United States obtained from France,
the whole price of which was but §15,000,000.
Fifteen million acres is what is now estimated to
have been that cession. It is not one third the
size of the then Territory of Arkansas. It is not
one third the size of the State of Arkansas. It is
nothalf the size of the State of Mississippi. It was
then an unbroken wilderness. It was then a long
ways beyond any white settlement; and these
Choctaws were consigned to that. I ask of any
Senator whether he would not consider that the
frant at that day made by the Government of the
United States was rather a hardship forced upon
the necessities, the feebleness, and wants of the
tribe, than anything else ? They never accepted
it willingly. They were compelled to give up
other land, and had to take that, rather than get
nothing at all.
The Senator then went on, (and it is by that
general course of reasoning that suspicion is
thrown upon everything connected with these
Indians,) that if he understood rightly, the Choc-
taw nation were the wealthiest people on the face
of the globe. I have heard that often. Whenever
we come to speak of the tribe of Choctaw Indians,
that charge is made. What are the manifesta-
tions of that wealth? Those manifestations will
show to you, it is true, some cultivated fields,
which they have retrieved from the wilderness;
they will show to you some few roads through
that country, and families living in peace and con-
tentment; they will show to you that the moneys
paid to them for annuities have been expended in
the building of churches and erection of school- i
houses, and in the education of their people and
their internal improvement; but there will be seen
throughout the whole of that country no palaces,
no fine houses. There will be seen nothing else
than humble cabins, or the very plainest dwell-
ings. And yet, the Senator says that they are the
very richest people on the face of the globe, as he
understands.
How is it that they have their riches.' I know
well how that calculation is made. I once had
the honor of serving on the Committee on Indian
Affairs in the other House; and these subjects and
the manner in which these tribes were treated
then became familiar to me, and they never can
be torn from my memory, because I know the
very exasperating and almost infamous injus-
tice which they have often received at the hands
of the United States. A most melancholy and
shameful instance of that injustice is that which
was practiced upon the Creeks, (which was even
a worse one than the present instance,) at Fort
Jackson, where, in capitulating enemies, we ca-
pitulated friends, and took from them the whole
of their country. But speaking of the wealth of
the Choctaws, and the manner in which they are
estimated to be the wealthiest people on the face
of the earth, it is because that country of fifteen
million acres is divided out in proportion to their
numbers by the imagination of the person who
makes the estimate, and each citizen or member
of that tribe of Indians would have so many acres
of land. The truth is there is not one of them
that owns a foot of this land, except in common.
They are so restricted by the treaty of 1830, which
isawrongupon them,that they, as a nation, can-
not dispose of their territory nor of their lands.
They hold them subject to that condition; and
that is done by what, (to characterize it as it ought
to lie characterized, and which I shall not scruple
to characterize,) as a fraud that was practiced
upon the ignorant. That fraud is the more pal-
pable, if you will go behind the treaty itself, and
examine the notes and the memoranda that were
taken at the time, showing what the true intent
and meaning of the treaty of 1830 was.
These facts are familiar to the Committee on
Indian Affairs. There is not, and there never has
been, one single solitary member of the Commit-
tee on Indian Affairs who is not familiar, as 1 un-
derstand, with the facts, they having studied them,
that does not indorse the character of the rights
of the Choctaws and the obligation of the Gov-
ernment of the United States to make with them
a fair and honest settlement, and particularly to
pay to them all that is claimed under this report
of 1859.
The Senator says that they are the richest peo-
ple on the face of the earth. How does he make
that out? By first estimating those lands. They
constitute no wealth that they can avail them-
selves of to secure bread or clothing. They con-
| stitnte nothing more than naked land; and if it be-
j longed to us and we were compelled to use it in
I the same way, it would destroy a man to pay the
i taxes upon it.
The next point which he makes to show that
they are a people of wealth, is in reference to the
funds that have been secured by them. They
have been ousted and driven from their own na-
tive couu try east of' the Mississippi; and he speaks
of the sums of money that have been invested for
them, upon which they are entitled to an annuity;
or, in other words, upon which they are entitled
to the payment of interest. Those sums they re-
ceive; but the wealth you now reproach them with
possessing is wealth invested in your own hands,
and which, being so invested, you refuse, and you
will continue, I presume, to refuse, to pay to fhem
any part of.
Now, that is the condition of things Is it right?
I know it is not; no man can study this question
and understand it for himself, and have the hardi-
hood to get up and assert that it is just. They
are rich in hands that are worth nothing. They
are rich in money that is in your hands. They
are poor and miserable. On your tables here,
this session, you have a report of the Commis-
sioner of Indian Affairs, showing that they, like
the whites in the western and southern part of
Arkansas, and throughout the whole of Texas,
have been visited this summer by constant, inces-
sant, and destructive drouths, which have stricken
Kansas also, until one of the northern States has
appropriated, 1 believe, as much as §500,000 for
their relief. These Choctaws are stricken down,
paralyzed by these drouths. They hold woith-
less lands; and you hold their money and will
not pay them. They have been stricken down
by the same drouth which has afflicted Texas
as well as other portions of the country, which
leaves them now almost entirely without bread;
and they have to depend upon the destruction of
their cattle for meat, and to send their delegations
here, and pay their expenses out of a portion of
the pittance they have left, to implore you, after
thirty years, for God's sake, to give them a small
part of that which is justly their own. Can you
reproach them for their wealthand for theirriches?
I do not believe that the Senator from Maine is
so hard-hearted. I only believe that he did not
understand the subject. Neither do I believe he
is so callous that he does not care what may be
said in their behalf, as his appearance would in-
dicate. I have no conception that that is so. I
know it must be that he does not understand the
nature and character of the question; and perhaps
he feels disinclined to look into the subject. I
know his skill. I believe him to be one of the
ablest lawyers upon the floor of this body; and
I regret the want of ability to attract his mind to
a full examination of this subject, and the elo-
quence to hold the ear of the Senate to the cry of
distress that comes up from that country. I ask
the Senate to do justice. You have denied it so
long that you have sanctified the denial; you have
thrown a taint and a stain upon the truth, and
have thus far condemned and driven out the peo-
ple that have justclaims upon you. Talk of com-
promise ! Gentlemen, the Choctaws can compro-
mise further; they can yield all their rights. They
may say they will take two and three-pence, in
God's name, if you will only give itand let them
go and cease to beg; but for my part, as a Sena-
tor upon this floor, I never will be a party to any
compromise that is simply palpable and bare-faced
robbery inflicted on the weak by the strong, by
the guardian on the ward, through a series of
skillful maneuvers in which talentand reputation,
and high position in this body are effective weap-
ons. 1 want Senators to wake up to this thing.
It is very plain. It does not require forty-eight
hours' investigation to satisfy the mind of any
one. So much, then, for the wealth of that coun-
try, and for the character of that treaty, and for
the character of the title of those Indians to those
lands.
The next question which arises here, and to
which I ask the attention of the Senate, is as to
the credits or sums which arise under the treaty
of 1855,"which declared that all these things should
now finally and at last be settled, in regard to the
sums claimed by the Choctaws under the treaty
of 1830. What arc those sums? We have before
us the propositions submitted to the Senate. They
were submitted to every Department. An award
was to be made, and a principle was adopted on
which you would settle with them. I discover,
in looking through it, one very great injustice that
is practiced in the statement of the account, which
would make a million or a million and a half more;
but according to the account of the Choctaws,
the correctness of which is admitted by the De-
partment, their claims against the United States
under the treaty of 1855, not originating under
that treaty, but originating under the treaty of
1830, amount to $3,574,000. For that sum they
state their account; but in the statement of the
account it will be discovered that, although under
the fourteenth article of the treaty, there were re-
served one million nine hundred and ten thousand
and foul-hundred acres of reservations of the very
best lands in the State of Mississippi, those reser-
vations were never suffered to be perfected, and
much the gieater part of them never were per-
fected to those Indians. They were driven out.
They claimed damages for them. The damages
are allowed at the rate of §1 25 an acre. Those
reservations were the best lands in Mississippi,
and I believe almost every one had more or less
improvement upon them. Those lands were worth -
an average of ten dollars an acre; but no one could
deny, under any estimate whatever, that they
were worth five dollars an acre. That alone, in
a statement of the account due to them, would
have brought in an amount of from five to ten
million moie to be added to their account. But
putting all that aside, what they claim, and what
was stated, amounted to §>3,574,000.
