828
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
by anything more from the Department, except
an invidious and fraudulent suggestion, which 1
shall.treat of directly, and one which was sug-
gestive of evil, and designed for evil. The whoTe
claim of$2,333,000, as reported by the committee,
was unembarrassed with a single objection, and
it was presumed it would be paid. Then, how-
ever, some members of the Finance Committee
took hold of the subject. After the reductions
made by the Department and by the Indian Com-
mittee, these members of the Finance Committee
tried their skill as traders; and I shall show you
how they have embarrassed that $2,332,000.
If Senators are giving me their attention on this
subject, the case is so plain that no man can mis-
understand it. I do not care even if he were stu-
pid, he could not misunderstand it if he would
listen with attention. The matter came before the
Senate last year, upon the amendment offered by
the Committee on Indian Affairs for the $2,332,000.
Tile Senate at once seemed to sustain the report
of the committee, which struck out the $648,000;
but gentlemen seemed to sustain it no further than
it struck down the rights, and what are consid-
ered to be the just dues of the Indians. They
sustained the report just so far as it struck down
the rights of the Indians, and so far as it repudi-
ated the $648,000; and they then turn upon Un-
report itself, and attack it; and why? Because
they do not wish to pay that which, by their
treaties, they have expressly obligated themselves
topay, and that in the manner in which it is sim-
plified-, as they themselves have simplified it, by
the award which they have voted.
Charges were made, based upon a note, which
I will read, attached to the statement of the ac-
counts of the Ciioctaws as it came to us from the
office of Indian Affairs and from the Interior De-
partment. The tables are given at length, con-
taining a full statement, through which 1 have
taken the pains to go in the time which the Sen-
ate has allowed me. The statement covers a
number of pages in which the accounts are set
forth, everything being stated specifically and
minutely, everything being collected that could
hie; and after getting through the statement, there
is to be found at the bottom the note which I shall
read. It is a little peculiar. The Department
states the whole amount due, upon the just con- |
struction of the treaties, to be §2,981,247 30. In '
obedience to the resolution of the Senate which
called upon the Department for a statement of
the account, that is sent here. Then comes a note,
which would be somewhat of an irresponsible
affair, ifit were not that we find the same words
in a report made by the Commissioner of Indian
Affairs. If a more perfidious passage was ever
attached to any obligation sought to be truly and
justly solved, I have never met with it, nor known
it, nor heard of it. I will read the note; for 1 have
no question that the Senate will see the impudence,
of its propositions at once. The men who con-
ceived them would not boldly suggest that such
things should be^lone; but it amounts to a sttg-
gestio falsi—putting evil into the minds of others;
and some members of the Committee on Finance,
who were but little informed on the subject, were
not able to escape from falling into this'trap. If
it were a transaction in which private individuals
were concerned, it would be enough to make the
cheek of any man, whether he was an honorable
gentleman or not, mantle with shame in the face
of any other of his fellow-men, Thatis the truth
in regard to it, and I will characterize it as it de-
serves.
In the report of tiie Department stating the ac-
count in obedience to all the laws and all the !
treaties, they found that reducing it in every way !
possible, (the particulars of which 1 have not gono i
into, but could do so if it were necessary,) they I
reduced it to $2,9dl,247 30. They transmit that !
to the Committee on Indian Affairs; and, as 1
stated, the committee reduced it by deducting
$6'4tf,000. In looking at the stated account, as fur-
nished from the Indian office, I find this note:
" It is to be observed that, uml'n the second article of the
treaty of 1830, a putent win issued to tlie Choctaw-! for the
country west of Arkansas, estimated to contain fittcen mil- !
hua acres." ,
That is very good, so far as that goes. " Sub- 1
sequently, the Chickasaws, with the consent of)
tne United States"—mark it—" purchased a per- '
tion of this tract"—that is uf the Choctaw c'un- I
try west of Arkansas—•• at §,>.'!0.f>00. %-j-h sum !
February 9,
the United States paid out of the trust fund be-
longing to the Chickasaws." The Chickasaws
and the Choc.taws had a trade in 1837, held a
treaty, awl made an agreement between them-
selves, with which the United States had nothing
to do. The United States merely did not object.
This Government was glad of it. It wanted to get
the Indians out of Mississippi and Tennessee, and
the Chickasaws made a treaty with the Choctaws,
buying a part interest in the Choctaw lands, as
they were kindred tribes; and it was agreed that
they should remove together west. The Chick-
asaws purchased a portion of this tract, west of
Arkansas, from the Choctaws, at the price of
§530,000, " which sum the United States paid"—
by the authority of the Chickasaws—" out of the
trust fund belonging to the Chickasaws." The
Commissioner calls the attention of the Senate of
the United States to the fact that the Choctaws,
after having bought this land in 1820; after its
having been confirmed to them in 1625; after their
title to it had been acknowledged in 1830; sold a
partof it in 1837 to theChickasaws; and theChick-
asaws paid them, but paid them with money
which the Chickasaws had in the possession of
the United States. That is all the United States
had to do with the money. They merely acted
as an agent of the Chickasaws m paying their
money to the Choctaws.
■^pCJnder the treaty of 1855"—goes on the same
suggestion—" the Choctaws relinquished all their
right to that portion of said tract west of the one
hundredth meridian, and leased that portion be-
tween the ninety-eighthandonehundredth degrees
of west longitude, for which the United States
paid the sum ot $600,000." Now, mmd you, in
1820, the United States sold all this country to the
Choctaws, and, by the terms of the tieaty of 1830,
the United States limited their right to the one
hundredth degree of west longitude without any
consideration at all on the part of the Choctaws
for the restriction; but the Choctaws agreed to it;
and then the United States purchased, further-
more, from the Choctaws $600,000 worth of their
lands, being two degrees—one hundred and twenty
miles—wide by the whole length of the lands of
that nation, and they purchased them lor the pur-
pose of securing a [ilace for the location of wild
tribes of Indians. They made this puichase under
tile name of a lease, and paid the Choctaws
$600,000 for it. The whole of that transaction
amounted simply to this—nothing more: that
the Government of the United States, having iiist
sold all that country to the Choctaws, afterwards
wanted a part of it back; but having received as
a consideration the lands in Mississippi, and all
being settled as far as the lands were concerned,
the United States gave $600,000, m order to have
a part of these lands returned under an arrange-
ment in the tonn of a lease, which is nothing more
than a sale, for it is a lease, in express terms, to the
United States forever, and constitutes alec-simple
title.
Now goes on this, as I term it, perfidious sug-
gestion: " if these sums are to be regarded as pay-
ments under the treaty of 1830, the amount due
the Choctaws will be §1,851,247 30," thus re-
ducing it jU, 130,001).
I notice, m reading the debate at the last session,
in winch Mr. Toombs took part, thai-he put the
chief part of his objection in regard to this matter
on the fact that the Committee on Indian Affairs
had not explained the account so that he could
understand the meaning of this note. I noticed
that the Senator from New Hampshire [Mr.
Clark] explained it to him repeatedly, sought to
make him understand it; but he was not willing
to have it made clear to him. That kind of op-
position is not sincere, and I think it is not worthy
the Senate. If 1 had had anything to do with the
matter then, I should certainly have objected to
his pursuing that course, and should have asked
an adjournment that he might be permitted to read
the proofs if, after the efforts that were made by
the Senator from New Hampshire, he could not
understand the question.
Take the amount of the claim as it would be
if the deduction suggested jn this note were made,
and then deduct, the $648,000 stricken off by the
committee, and it leaves p,200,000. The mem-
bers ot the Committee on Finance, at the last ses-
sion, seemed to rest on the fact that they would
vote no part of this appropriation, because of the
suggestion contained in the note, and the belief of
those members that there was something wrow
in the claim, and that the Government ought not
to pay it. Well, now, suppose you deduct that
P,130,000 from the $2,332,000 which the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs themselves consented
should be reported, and l-ecommended and urged
to be paid, and what have you left? You have
left, then, the proposition which is now before you,
after I have torn away from it every item in re-
gard to which a question has been raised.
These Indians come before you at this moment
an impoverished and suffering race of people—
notsuffenngin the poetical style in which Indians
are spoken of generally, in order to excite sym-
pathy; but they are a people who are suffering at
this time from the drouths under which Kansas
and Texas, and the other States in that vicinity,
are suffering. They are a people but little able
themselves to provide against misfortunes and
contingencies of that character; a people without
trade, commerce, or means. They have asked, I
believe, that the Committee on Indian Affairs
should report their business for action at this time,
and, on account of the stringency of the Treasury,
for only that part which remains after you take
off all that anybody has ever objected to, and that
is g 1,200,000.
i Now, after you have taken off the amount of
the Chickasaw sale, and the after purchase by the
United States of the country that lies west of the
liinety-eigluh parallel of longitude; after you have
taken off the five per cent, fund given to Missis-
sippi; after you have taken off the swamp lands,
the school lands, and the railroad lands; alter
you have deducted every item which the commit-
tee have withheld, and deducted every item in
regard to which a-doubt issuggested in the "note"
of the Department, you bring the claim down to
the amount which is now before you. After all
these things are taken off, this simple proposition
is left. Not one particle of dispute was ever
raised about it until the other day, by the Sena-
tor from Maine, [Mr. Fessendejj.J When 1 said
that the Committee on Indian Affairs asked for an
appropriation of nothing but what was undisputed,
leaving the balance for future consideration and
discretion in more prosperous times to the Tieas-
ury, 1 heard that Senator, for the first time, say
that lie disputed the whole account; and, in the
next breath, when he urged that he would not
vote for such a thing without examination and
investigation, he admitted that he had not ex-
amined and investigated it. Is not that so?
Is there one Senator here who has looked into
the case at all, or who has consented to make an
effort to do justice, whirh would require of him
to listen, to attend to the discussion of this sub-
ject, who does not lecognize that as the state of
facts, and that as the opposition of the Senator
from Alaine, and that as the character and class
of opposition which has been made to the pay-
men tot n just obligation of the Government of the
United States, which has stood unpaid, although
justly due, from 1H30 until 1861? it is clear,
perfectly evident, that there is ail amount of
$1,200,000 due to these Indians, which cannot be
disputed. There can be no exception taken to
any part of this amount, under the terms of all
the tieaties you have made, under the awards,
undei the minute, the tedious, the rigid, the sus-
picious investigation with winch the whole sub-
ject has been pursued through every branch of
the departments, through its inferior officers and
, the subordinate clerks up to the bureaus, and then
to the hands of the Secretary of the Interior, and
thenthrough thehandsof yourlndian Committee
here, then through the Senate of the United States,
then through the Finance Committee, that objects
to and suspects everything Here is the amount
that not one voice has ever been raised against
hitherto, except the solitary Senator from Maine,
who, more, I think, in a feeling of passion than
anything- elsp, said lie objected to and disputed
the whole of it; and yet he admitted that he had
never examined it, and I think went so far as to
say that he never would.
What is the distress now upon this Govern-
ment, that we cannot as well recognize these cred-
itors asany others? There are Senators, I under-
stand, who make the objection, that in a hard
time like this, we have a right to distinguish
between our creditors; they say thai a breaking
mail, a man in failing circumstances, has that
right; but, as has been r-uggest^d to me, and as
