244
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 18,
36th Cong....2d Sess.
State of the Union—Mr. Ely.
Ho. of Reps.
an amicable and honorable adjustment of the
pending controversy. And yet, the most yield-
ing of our Republican friends have been unable
to come to an agreement with the most liberal of
our southern brethren, upon any measure which
they can give us a reasonable assurance will rec-
oncile any one to the Union who is threatening
to renounce his allegiance to it under any contin-
gency. And why ? It is because the grievances
of which the South complain are so shadowy and
unsubstantial that it is impossible to grasp them.
It is because the leaders of this rebellious move-
ment are actuated by a mad ambition, and not by
a sense of wrong and oppression. It is because
the people of the South are excited by imaginary
dangers, founded upon the grossest misrepresent-
ations of the principles and objects of the Repub-
lican party. Sir, it is extremely difficult to cure
imaginary evils, or dispel imaginary dangers, by
legislation.
Now, sir, what are the grievances of which'the
South complains ? "
1. They say the fugitive slave law is violated,
and its execution interrupted. This is not true to
any considerable extent. Fugitive slaves are ar-
rested in the free States, and taken back to their
masters every day. It is exceptional cases only
of attempted respue, that attract public attention.
The present fugitive slave law is certainly obnox-
ious to our people, but ithas been more faithfully
executed than any other law equally obnoxious
which ever had a place upon our statute-books.
The true way of securing its more faithful exe-
cution is to relieve it of its obnoxious features,
and in this I will cheerfully concur.
Some of the northern States have passed per-
sonal liberty bills, which are said to be in dero-
gation of the constitutional rights of the South.
To this I reply in a word: if unconstitutional
they are void; and it is in the power of any citi-
zen who feels himself aggrieved by them, to have
their constitutionality tested in the United States
courts. No State ought to pass unconstitutional
laws, it is true; but inasmuch as they are void
and harmless if -unconstitutional, they afford but
a lame and impotent justification for an attempt
to break up the Union. These laws have been
long in existence. If they constituted no cause
for a dissolution of the Union under Democratic
Administrations,what has so suddenly aggravated
their enormity now that a Republican Adminis-
tration is about to be inauguiatcd ? Besides, these
laws are not enacted by Congress, and the Gen-
eral Government is not responsible for thom. l!ut
so long as the Union remains, the power of the
General Government may be invoked to defeat
and render them harmless if they transcend the
limits of the Constitution. But destroy the Union,
and you not only lose this check upon the legis-
lation of the free States to prevent the execution
of the fugitive slave law, but you lose the fugitive
slave law itself, and all pretense of authority to
pursue your fugitives ill the free States.
2. It is alleged that thp southern States are
denied " equal rights in the Territories," and
this is put forth as the " head and front of our
offending." I shall not stop now to discuss the
question whether, if you were actually excluded
from taking your slaves into the Territories, you
would have anyjust right to complain. The fact
is, you are not excluded. Never, since the found-
ation of this Government, have slaveholders had
such unlimited privileges in the Territories as now.
They have the full benefit of the Dred Scott de-
cision, unreversed and untramineled by subse-
quent legislation. However erroneous Republi-
cans may think that decision is, they have no power
to compel the court to reverse it; no power to de-
feat or circumvent it by legislation. In a minority
in both branches of Congress, we are at all events,
for the present, powerless to disturb it. There is
not a foot of territory now belonging to the Uni-
ted States to which this decision does not recog-
nize your right to take your slaves, and nota foot
south of 37° north latitude in which your right is
not further guarantied by stringent territorial
legislation.
_ As 1 have already said, never before was your
right of taking your slaves to the Territories rec-
ognized by the General Government to such an
unlimited extent. From the foundation of the
Government, slavery was excluded from all that
great and fertile region lying northwest of the
river Ohio and east of the Mississippi. From
1820 until 1854, it has been excluded from all our
Louisiana purchase north of the parallel of 36°
30'. But since the repeal of Missouri compro-
mise, according to the decision of the Supreme
Court it is licensed to go everywhere, in every
rood of our territorial domain. The truth is, we
own 110 territory anywhere to which you desire
to emigrate with your slaves; hence, no conces-
sion or guarantee of your right to take them into
any Territory we now possess would be of the
least practical utility to you.
The only contest there ever has been in this
country between freedom and slavery for suprem-
acy in 0. Territory, was in Kansas, and that has
long been settled. The settlement of that contro-
versy has left nothing to contend about, because
there has been no territory to which you desired
to take your slaves. How, then, are we to settle
existing difficulties by conceding rights in the
Territories of which you would not avail your-
selves ? If we propose to reestablish the Missouri
compromise line, and extend it through all our
territorial possessions, will that satisfy you ? No;
it gives you less by half a degree than is secured
to you now by the territorial law of New Mexico,
to say nothing of the rights you claim under the
decision of the Supreme Court. What more can
we offer you? You will never take a slave north
of that lino into Nebraska, Utah, Washington, or
Dakota, if we expressly concede your right so
to do.
Will the admission of New Mexico as a State,
as recommended by the committee of thirty-three,
satisfy you? If I lmd any evidence that it would,
I might consent to vote for the measure, strong as
are my objections to it, 011 practical grounds. It
may involve no sacrifice of Republican principle
—I do not think it does. But the people of that
Territory are wholly unprepared to assume the
duties and responsibilities of a sovereign State,
and do not even desire to assume them. These
objections to the expediency of the measure I can-
not waive without some better assurances than I
have yet received, that it will satisfy somebody,
and have some tendency to arrest the march of
rebellion.
Mr. Speaker, the fact that no overture that has
yet been made, short of the " Crittenden propo-
sition," has received the least favor from any-
body threatening to secede, is evidence of the
shadowy and unsubstantial nature of the com-
plaints upon which the secession movement is
based. And what is it in that proposition that
commends it to secessionists? It is that by an
irrevocable article of the Constitution, it proposes
to recognize, establish, and protect slavery in all
the territory we 111:1.y ever acquire for all coming
time, in the only dhection in which we ever can
expand. It is that it prospectively establishes
slavery in foreign territory, which we do not own,
and have 110 right to assume thai we ever will
own. This fact, that nothing short of a transfer
of the slavery question to foreign territory will
satisfy seceders, or those inclined to secede,
proves that they have 110 real ground of complaint
as to the territory we now possess.
If nothing short of such a concession as this
will save the Union, then, indeed, is the case
hopeless. The proposition is infinitely worse than
the Breckinridge platform—worse than the propo-
sition which the northern Democracy at Charles-
ton and at Baltimore chose rather to break up their
party than accept. It is worse, inasmuch as it
proposes to incorporate into the Constitution, as
an irrepealable article, precisely the same principle
which the northern Democracy refused to incor-
porate 111 a party platform merely. And it is worse
111 the still more important feature, of applying
to territory hereafter to be acquired, as well as to
that which wc now have. But for the character
of the distinguished statesman who was induced
to stand god-father to this monstrous proposition,
I could not believe that it was offered for any other
purpose but as an insult to Republicans.
3. A^ain: the South complains that public sen-
timent 111 the northern States is becoming more
and more opposed to slavery; and upon this as-
sumption is based an apprehension that the North
may, in process of time, become stiong enough
to amend the Constitution, so as to enable the
General Government to interfere with slavery in
the States.
Mr. Speaker, so far as public sentiment is con-
cerned, it will be found extremely difficult to reg-
ulate and control it by constitutional amendments.
But so long as that public sentiment does not
manifest itself in overt acts of aggression against
the rights of their neighbors, what cause have
they to complain ? There are many things which
the strongest Government 011 earth cannot do. To
control the consciences and opinions of men is one
of these things.
It is trjje that our people do not love or respect
the institution of slavery . They believe, with Mr.
Jefferson and Mr. Madison, that it is morally
wrong—unjust and oppressive to the enslaved
race. They know that it is deleterious to the
welfare of the dominant race, wherever it prevails.
They know that it degrades, debases, and impov-
erishes the laboring white man, while it renders
the wealthy proprietor imperious, arrogant, and
impatient of the salutary restraints of government
and law. Of this they have had emphatic evidence
in the events of the last few months—events that
certainly do not tend to increase their respect for
the institution. This is no new phase of public
sentiment at the North. From the foundation of
the Government the northern people always have
been opposed to slavery; they always will be op-
posed to it. If the South regards this is as an
evil, it is one for which, in the nature of things,
there can be no remedy. It is, at least, as harm-
less to them in the Union as out of it.
But while the conscience, the sentiment, and
the judgment of the northern people have always
condemned slavery, they have never proposed to
interfere with it in States where it exists. On the
contrary, they have uniformly disclaimed any
right, intention, or desire so to do. I think it
may be safely assumed that this doctrine, that"
the slave States have the exclusive right to man-
age and control the institution of slavery within
their own limits, is more universally recognized
throughout the northern States at this time than
during any former period of our history. The
thorough discussion which the slavery question,
as a political topic, has undergone within a few
years past, has had a tendency to enlighten the
minds of the people on this point, and pioduce
almost entire unanimity of opinion. Tile most
radical Abolitionist will now scarcely venture to
dissent from the proposition. Only a few days
ago,every Republican Representative on this floor
recorded his vote in favor of a resolution emphat-
ically affirming this doctrine, and disclaiming, on
the part of his constituents, any intention or de-
sire to interfere with slaveiy in the States.
But we are told that we are not sincere, and that
wc would, if we had the power, abolish slavery
in the States. To guard against such a contin-
gency, the committee of thirty-three have pro-
posed an amendment to the Constitution. Trans-
lating its ambiguous phrases into plain English,
this proposed amendment provides that no amend-
ment of the Constitution, having for its object any
interference within the States Kith the relation of
master and slave, shall originate with any free State,
or shall be valid without the assent of every one of
the States composing this Union.
Is it really apprehended that the people of the
free States may amend the Constitution in the
point which it is here proposed to guard ? Let us
see how imminent this danger is ? To ratify any
amendment of the Constitution, three fourths of
the States must concur. There are now fifteen
slave States, and if there never should be another
one added to the Union, we must have forty-five
free States, or sixty States in all, before we can
amend the Constitution in accordance with these
groundless fears. Look upon the map, and where
do you find the territory for the formation of
twenty-six new States, even if we should stretch
out our arms, and grasp all that lies between us
and the Isthmus of Panama?
Mr. Speaker, when we adopt the principle that
any part of the Constitution is to be made perpet-
ually unchangeable, we advance, at a single step,
a long way 011 the road to despotism. It is a
principle full of danger to the liberties of the peo-
ple. I acknowledge the force of the argument
advanced by the distinguished gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Adams,] that the local insti-
