1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
will be readily recognized by every well-read man
in the law in this body, that right extends not to
the case of a trust fund in the possession of a
person. You cannot make a distinction between
your creditors so as to disregard the rights of your
cestuis que trust to tlie funds that arc in your hands.
Yet such is the effort. I call the attention of Sen-
ators to theTact that this is among the oldest obli-
gations; that it has been worked laboriously) arid
worked through such channels that it is wonder-
ful there has been left due to these people anything
at all; but when it has been manifested how much
is due to them, and but little more than one third
is asked for here, and that one third consisting of
items which the most suspicious mind has never
been able to utter a suspicion against, and the
strictest economist can find no grounds to object
to, why should there be opposition to this allow-
ance ? Senators say wo may distinguish between
our creditors 111 a time like this. I say they can-
not, when they stand here as trustees for these
Indians, with these funds 111 their hands, confided
to them,and the Senate, the arbitrator, having de-
cided the matter. It is morally decided by them.
It was decided when the account was stated, and
stated truly by their own officers, and particularly
when it was reported by their own committee,
and especially as to that part which they them-
selves do not pretend to question. It is morally
decided. They have no right to distinguish be-
tween creditors and cast these out. They stand
to these Indians in the relation of guardian and
ward. These funds are in their hands, and they
are bound to apply them according to the purposes
of the trust.
But suppose you could treat this as any other
debt, and push it off, why should you do so? If
you would consentto treatevery otherobligation in
the same way in which this is now proposed to be
treated, if other claimants would be satisfied with
one third of the amounts—for here it is proposed
only to allow $1,200,000 outof §3,000,000—if you
could put off your other creditois with one third
or even one half of what you owe them, your Treas-
ury would soon be full to oveiflowing, and you
would need no more high tariffs; you would need
no moie loan bills. Eveiyonecan have the same
kind of satisfaction that the Choctaws will have,
if they receive at your hands all that is now pro-
posed to be given to them. Let us give it.
This case dots not admit of argument. It is too
palpable, too plain, to lequire that. Gentlemen
say that you have not the money to pay now.
The Indians meet that at once by a proposition
which ought to stiike to shame the pioposiuon
to refuse to pay, and particularly when we look
at the ground on which, as it seems to me, it must
be advocated; for I can see no other. They meet
the proposition that you have no money in the
Treasury, by saying to you: "As you are pro- |
viding for the issue of bonds and making loans to*J
raise money, if you will give us that winch is the
undisputed pa11 of our clam, give us your bonds
for §1,300,000, we will take them, and sell them,
and be ourselves the losers." This loss follows
as a consequence from your broken credit; and
such consequences ever will follow all parties that
are distinguished by broken faith. Depreciated
credit is i.ot a matter of wonder in such cases. If
the same species of broken faith existed on the
part of this Government to its other creditors,
white men, it could not borrow one cent. If the
Government should act so faithlessly in regard to
white men, if it inflicted such wrongs upon them,
it would be without one paiticlc of credit with
capitalists; and, though wrapped ill civil war or in
foieign war, it would find it hopeless to put bonds
in the market and expect to get them cashed, even
at fifty percent, discount.
This is the proposition which the Choctaws
make. They say "give us bonds now for the
amount of $1,200,000, and we will take them and
sustain the loss." The Committee on Indian Af-
fairs report that to you; and that is the amend-
ment. Now, will the Senate consent, or will the
Senate refuse, that they shall have this amount,
which is undisputed by every one, paid to them;
and will the Senate further consent to issue it to
them in the depreciated paper which they agiee
to take ? Can any claimants present to you their
rights in more humble terms than they have, in
any more submissive language, or can they be
more forbearing? They may be kicked out; they
may be sent home witK nothing. The Govern-
ment of the United States is their guardian. It is
a Government too strong for them to coerce or
resist. They can be sent home by it objects of
scorn and contempt, as they are of injustice and
oppression, without one cent, while the United
States can claim honor in the eyes of other na-
tions for the manner in which she fulfills her en-
gagements with them, where she is fearful to do
the contrary, while behind there lies a load of
crime, in the shape of blighted faith, that ought
to damn any people on the face of the earth.
This is the way I look at it; and yet Senators
here, it is said, will not vote for this amendment.
I hope they will not persist in opposing it when
they come to understand it. It cannot be possible
that thoy will so dishonor themselves. The man
in private life who is capable of transactions of
this character is marked; and if lie is known he
is recognized nowhere in decent society; he is not
permitted for one moment to receive the hand of
fellowship from any honorable man. Senators
here, in utter ignorance, vote on the rights of these
people. I had some feeling on this matter the other
day; and if, in what 1 said, I inflicted a wound on
the feelings of any individuals, it was no intent of
mine. I have sought to-day to avoid every possi-
bility of a personal allusion that could be offensive
to any one. I should be sorry if, in advocating a
cause which is so strictly and entirely just, I could
be guilty of the folly (to say nothing of the fact
that it would wound myself as an individual to do
it) of giving offense and building up opposition
to the proposition by the intolerance of my own
advocacy of it.
These Indians ask for that which isundisputcd.
They ask for bonds which are below par. They
ask only for a small part of what is due them.
They present you their memorial; and the truths
contained m the memorial are set forth in the re-
ports that are before you. The facts are undis-
puted; they plead their sufferings; and their case,
in that respect, is very much the same as—only
i I presume it is worse than—that of the people of
j Kansas; to whom New York, a State that is un-
I det no such obligation, has already appropiiated
huge amounts of money to i elieve their distresses.
These Indians come to you, as they say in terms,
as no humble supplicants, begging you for mercy,
: but claimants, asking only a very small part of
j their rights. They ask you now to forget and
i lay aside all those tilings which involve matters
1 of dispute, and settle with them those items in
! regard' to which there is no doubt. Here is their
; memorial, which sets forth their condition and
! situation. They have no money. They have
! assumed, by the terms of the treaty of 1855, to
| pay certain claims to individuals of their nation
! anil out of the nation, for which the Government
' of the United States was liable before that treaty
i was made By that treaty, they themselves as-
1 sumed these obligations, but they have no means
to pay them; and now you will not give them
money, even to pay these liabilities; nor will
you give them mean's which you acknowledge to
be theirs, to put bread in the mouths of their
starving women and children.
Mr. President, I do not propose to detain the
Senate any longer in the consideration of this
question. If I have received the attention from
the Senate which the question itself deserves, I
believe I have made it sufficiently plain to satisfy
the mind of any one, provided always he will be-
lieve that what I have said has not been a mis-
representation of fact; and J do not think it will
be supposed, for one instant, that 1 have been
guilty of willful misrepresentation. _ If there is
anything in the case in legard to which 1 cannot
answer, I know well that there are at least Uirf-e
members of the Senate on the other side of tne
Chamber who have investigated the subject as
members of the Committee on Indian Affairs, and
that there are several more on this side who are
familiar with all the facts, who can readily set me
right, or set rightany one else who may choose to
suggest any difficulty in his own mind as to what
are the relative obligations to the parties ill this
matter.
Mr. PEAK.CE. Mr. President, when this ques-
tion was before the Senate some week ago, I be-
lieve 1 voted against this appropriation._ I did no
because 1 was not satisfied of the propriety of the
arrangement made oil the !)th of March, 1859,
which seemed to have taken the Senate by sur-
orise. I observed, by turning to the reeerd of eur
proceedings on that day, tfoat the Senator from
Arkansas nearest me [Mr. Sebastian] presented
a resolution from the Committee on 'Indian "Af-
fairs, which is called the award made by-ihe Sen-
ate in this ease, that there was 'scarcely any dis-
cussion upon it. I believe he spoke two orth'ree
minutes; and a single question was asked of him
by the Senator from New York, [Mr. King,] who
inquired how much money there was under that
resolution. The Senator from Arkansas replied
that he could not tell, but it was a very'large
amount, probably, he thought; between eight hun-
dred thousand and a million dollars. "With that
answer the Senate, being I suppose impatient to
get away—it was at an extra session—seemed to
be contented, and without any hesitation they
adopted the resolution, or the award. Thalsome-
what embarrassed me. It was a pretty solemn
act—a resolution of the Seriate passed in pursu-
ance of a treaty stipulation with the Choctaw In-
dians; but it was suggestedAy gentlemen whose
experience is very great, whose lEgal knowledge
is entitled to the highest respect, that if we were
surprised into passing such an award as that, we
were not so imperatively bound but that we might
look back to all the facts in the early history of
the transaction.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I hope the Senator from
Maryland will allow me an opportunity here to
explain.
Mr. PEARCE. It is unnecessary. I shall not
utter a word of complaint.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. It is proper, I think, that
I should say now what it is proper for me to say
on some occasion, and I do not know of any
occasion more appropriate tjian to interlard the
Senator's remarks right at the point where the
suggestion occurs, with an explanation whieh I
feel due to myself—rather of a personal character.
Mr. PEARCE. Well, make it.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. Not on account of what
the Senator from Maryland "has said; but I think
it an appropriate time now, once for all, to reply
to a species of argument which was addressed to
the Senate the other day by the Senator from
Maine. It was in reference to the very idea now
suggested, of the inconclusiveness of this award
of ilio. Senate; and to the alleged fact that the Sen-
ate inflicted upon itself the imputation that it had
done that about which it understood nothing.
The allegation was made in a manner whicih
seemed to reflect upon the Committee on Indian
Affairs something like a disposition to harry or
press through an award, as a species of surprise
on the Senate, when the fact was, that it had
been deliberately matured by that committee for
two long years.
t remember, Mr. President, the circumstances
under which that award was brought forward.
It was late in the evening, when there was a pretty
full attendance of the Senate; and when I brought
it up, as Senators will bear in mind—I always
bring up Indian business probably with too much
diffidence and too much hesitation, because of the
generally uninteresting character of that kind of
business before the Senate—I sought a time at
which I thought I could obtain the favorable con-
sideration, and the ear of the Senate. I brought
it forward, in my place, in regular order. There
was no kind of surprise; and it was passed with
all the discussion that usually follows anything
that is reported from the Committee on Indian
Affairs. I take the liberty here to say that it
is not the custom of this body to debate, or to
discuss at length, or to investigate here, what
comes from that committee. The character of the
business is such, that it interests no one; it enlists
the sympathiesof no one. It is rather a labor of
love for that committee to take upon itself the
duty of acting and thinking about uninteresting
matters for the Senate. Its reports have gen-
erally been passed here without investigation;
and, in that respect, I think the committee has
enjoyed heretofore an enviable confidence on the
part of the Senate, in trusting to the correctness
of its conclusions in matters which it is utterly
impossible for the members of this body gener-
ally to investigate for themselves.
My attention was called to the fact that this
appropriation wns large, by the Senator from New
York, [Mr. King.] who is not now in his seat.
I then told him that the appropriation was a large
one; and,probably, in language not guarded suffi-
ciently, not accurate enough to make myself pre-
