1861.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
245
36th Coxg....2d Sess.
State of the Union—Mr. Ely.
Ho. op Reps.
f;
tutions of a State ought not to be changed with-
out the consent of its own citizens. But is the
institution of slavery so peculiarly sacred, that no
one not interested in it shall even propose an amend-
ment to the Constitution affecting it ? Shall we
hedge it round with guards and guarantees that
we withhold from all other institutions? The
reposition comes more than a century too late,
t shall never be said of me, that I voted to de-
prive the people of the State of New York of the
right of proposing such amendments to the Con-
stitution as they may deem proper. I will never
fail to raise my voice and cast my vote against
such a dangerous measure; never, never.
It is said that the people of the South really en-
tertain apprehensions that the Republicans are
about to commit some monstrous outrage upon
their rights, and therefore we ought to give them
some constitutional guarantee that we will not do
what we have never proposed to do—what we
have always disclaimed any intention or desire to
do, and what, in fact, we have no power to do,
under the Constitution as it is. Who is respons-
ible for these groundless apprehensions? Who
but unscrupulous political leaders at the South,
who have willfully misrepresented our principles
and our purposes to their people? Knowing that
we have no power to interfere with slavery un-
der the Constitution, if they have succeeded in
creating a belief, among their ignorant masses,
white and black, that we would abolish slavery
as soon as we came into power, would any con-
stitutional guarantees, that we could now give,
disabuse their minds of this error? If, from your
own misrepresentations, yourslaveshavereceived
a vague impression that, with the inauguration of
Mr. Lincoln, the day of their deliverance would
begin to dawn, we are not responsible, and no
concessions that we can make will remove that
impression. You have " sown the wind," and,
if compelled to "reap the whirlwind," the fault
is not ours, and the remedy is not in our hands.
You may do something to remedy the false
impressions which your own unfounded and in-
discreet statements have produced, by retracting
them, and conceding their injustice; by telling
your people that Mr. Lincoln is a law-abiding
man, who will scrupulously respect all your con-
stitutional rights without, in the remotest man-
ner, interfering with the relation of master and
slave in your midst, and not a" John Brown Abo-
litionist;" that Mr. Hamlin is a white man, and
not a " free negro," or a " mulatto," as some of
your leaders have alleged. You can do still more
to allay these groundless fears by quietly submit-
ting, like good citizens, to the administration of
Mr. Lincoln, until time and experience shall de-
monstrate the falsity of the charges that you have
industriously circulated against him and his party
among your people.
Mr. Speaker, I am satisfied with the Constitu-
tion as it is. I do not say that it is perfect; no
mere work of human hands can be. But I am
opposed to tinkering with it, especially in these
exciting times. If it is ever to be revised and re-
modeled it should be when the publicmindis calm,
and in a mood for deliberation—not when excite-
ment and passion rule the hour.
But if the door is to be thrown open to consti-
tutional amendments, are additional guards to be
thrown around no other rights or interests than
those pertaining to slavery? Are no other institu-
tions in peril than the peculiar institutions of the
South? Sir, that great institution which is the
parent and protector of all our institutions—the
Government itself—is in imminent peril. It is m
peril from a construction put upon the Constitu-
tion by the southern States—a purely "sectional"
construction—which is now working out its per-
nicious results in disrupting the bands of the
Union. If the Constitution is to be amended so
as to guard the perpetuity of southern institutions
against remote and improbable dangers, I insist
that it shall at the same time be so amended as to
guard the perpetuity of the Government itself
against this ruinous heresy of secession. It is idle
to patch up a Constitution which binds nobody.
If we are to amend that instrument, therefore, let
us begin by expressly giving it some binding
force, which the South now denies to it. Before
we make any concessions to States which have
seceded, or are threatening to secede, by way of
constitutional modifications, let us at least de-
mand from them an acknowledgment and a guar-
antee that it imposes upon them obligations which
they cannot throw off at pleasure.
Sir, if this rebellion at the South were based
upon any real grievances inflicted upon that sec-
tion by the General Government or the northern
States, I should have high hopes of its speedy
settlement; for I believe that the people of the
North would hasten to redress thfem. God forbid
that I should interpose any obstacle to the full
and complete redress of any wrong, of which the
people of the South have just cause to complain.
Representing, as I do, in part, the great State of
New York, \0ith her three and a half million in-
telligent and enterprising citizens; with her vast
and varied productions; her immense commerce,
extending its ramifications to every State of this
Union, and thereby giving to her a greater interest
in its preservation than any other State, I should
prove unworthy of the trust reposed in me, if I
could withhold my consent to any just and honor-
able concession that would tend to avert the dangers
now impending over us, and restore harmony to
our distracted country. With the great Senator
of that State, to whom all eyes have been turned
in this hourof peril, I am in favor of conciliation,
if you can point out any fair and honorable way of
conciliating men who have no substantial ground
of complaint.
Mr. Speaker, I believe it is as much a feeling
of pride and punctilio, as a sense of wrong or dan-
ger, that requires to be conciliated in the border
slave States. Something may be conceded to feel-
ings of this kind; and I do not abandon the hope
that a ground of compromise nmy yet be discov-
ered, upon which we may meet the people of those
States, and stand together under the protection of
the stars and stripes, without a feeling of wounded
pride on the one side, or a sacrifice of principle
on the other. Notwithstanding my objection to
tampering with the Constitution in these times of
excitement, I will not say but that I might con-
sent to vote for submitting some amendment of
that instrumentto the people, for their ratification
or rejection, if I could see in that course a reason-
able prospect of harmonizing our difficulties. But
I think the most appropriate body to revise the
Constitution, and propose amendments thereto,
would be a convention of delegates, elected by the
people of all the States, expressly for that pur-
pose. If we had power now to call such a con-
vention, I would vote for the measure if demanded
by the people of any of the southern States, or
if it would be aecepted by them as a peace-offer-
ing. I have confidence in the wisdom and discre-
tion of the people, and should not fear to commit
the whole subject to their hands.
But, Mr. Speaker, while I would do anything
that is just and right and honorable to conciliate
the discontented, I would at the same time main-
tain the honor, the dignity, and the integrity of the
Government, by enforcing its authority and the
execution of its laws. 1 would not " coerce a
State," in the true sense of that term; but I would
coerce citizens to obey the laws, and respect
the rights of the Federal Government. What-
ever else I conceded, I would never concede the
right of any one to resist the laws, and trample
upon the authority of the Government with im-
punity.
Mr. Speaker, the policy of treating this rebel-
lious movement with this kind of indulgence and
" concession" has been tried by the present Ex-
ecutive; and what has been the result? The fullest
license to resist the Federal laws, trample upon
the Federal authority, seize the Federal prop-
erty, and insult the Federal flag, has been con-
ceded by the Executive from the beginning of the
movement. The result has been a progress un-
paralleled in the annals of revolution and rebel-
lion. Never before has rebellion been treated with
so much indulgence by any Government. Never
before did rebellion so thrive and flourish. Our
Executive met it at the threshold with the theory
thaftit was not to be opposed by force; that " co-
ercion" was not to be resorted to. Union men
at the South, with great unanimity, and many at
the North, recommended and approved this pol-
icy; while those who doubted its wisdom had no
power to counteract it. While the General Gov-
ernment has been quietly submitting to every in-
dignity that could be hurled against it, gentlemen
have been declaiming upon this floor against Fed-
eral coercion, as if that were the great evil of the
times. Rebellious forces seize our forts, arsenals,
and magazines, our custom-houses, mints, and
depositories of public money; and yet professed
Union men can see nothing so much to be dreaded
and deprecated as coercion. If the Executive at-
tempts to introduce a few additional soldiers and
supplies into any fort on our southern coast, it is
denounced as an act of " coercion." When the
Government property in this capital, including its
official archives, is-boldly threatened with seizure,
the concentration of a few Federal troops at this
point is deprecated as an act of " coercion," to
which even Union-loving men at the South, it is
said, will reluctantly submit.
Mr. Speaker, while I would not condemn the
Executive for treating froward States with all
reasonable forbearance, surely there is a point at
which "forbearance ceases to be a virtue." I
see little reason to hope that this rebellious move-
ment will not continue to progress as it has pro-
gressed, until the Federal Government shall man-
ifest some disposition and some power to assert
and maintain its authority in the enforcement of
its laws and the protection of its property. If
there is not enough of virtue and patriotism in the
people to sustain the constituted authorities in
such a course, then, indeed, is our Government
already broken up, and our boasted Union a myth
and a delusion.
I do not think, Mr. Speaker, it would be wise
or expedient for the General Government to inter-
fere with the internal affairs of seceding States,
so long as no portion of their citizens are invoking
its aid or protection. But I think it is bound to
defend the forts and collect the revenues in all
their ports and harbors with a strong hand, leav-
ing the damnable heresy of secession to work out
its own condemnation among the people by the
ruinous consequences it will surely bring upon
them. Let this be done, and let it be understood
that the Federal Government is ready and able to
extend its protection to loyal citizens of the seced-
ing States when they shall invoke it, and we may
hopefully await the result. There are thousands
of Union-loving men in those States, who are
compelled, for the time being, to yield to an over-
ruling necessity, and submit in silence to a reign
of terror inexorable and supreme. By and by,
when the heavy hand of oppression shall have
laid its full weight upon them; when intolerable
taxation shall have consumed their substance;
when anarchy and confusion shall have destroyed
all security of life and property, they will begin
to yearn for that peace and prosperity which they
enjoyed under the best Government ever devised
by the wisdom of man. Then they will increase
in n umbers from a common sympathy in distress,
and take courage from desperation. Then we may
look for a counter-revolution, which will hurl
from power and consign to infamy the usurpers
who now, clothed with a little brief and illegit-
imate authority, are leading them on to destruc-
tion.
Mr. Speaker, some gentlemen, who are neither
secessionists nor enemies of the Union, entertain
the opinion that the safest and best solution of our
difficulties will be found in a peaceful separation
of the States of this Union. In my judgment,
this is a great delusion. .You may agree to sep-
arate in peace to-day, and to-morrow the seeds of
war and strife will begin to germinate. The
causes which produce perpetual irritation while
we remain together, will not be removed by sep-
aration, but will be intensified in a tenfold ratio,
and soon bccome a fruitful source of actual vio-
lence and war. He who thinks that we can ami-
cably arrange all our difficulties when our relations
shall be changed to those of aliens and foreigners
with respect to each other, has neither studied
history nor human nature to advantage. The in-
variable tendency with contiguous nations having
no natural boundary between them, is to strife
and war. When we superadd a difference of in-
stitutions, and a conflict of interests difficult to
harmonize under a common Government, this
tendency must be greatly increased. Look at the
history of England and Scotland. Until united
by an accident, they were perpetually at war.
Since that event, they have been perpetually at
