830
THE COXG-RESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 9,
cisely understood, I said something akin to that
"which has been ascribed to me by the Senator
from Maine, that no human being could tell pre-
cisely the amount which would be ascertained as
the ultimate right of the Choctaws under this
award. I did not pretend to be an auditing or an
accounting officer here. It was th' duty of that
committee to ascertain the principles and rules by
which a simple measure of justice should be as-
certained between these Indians and the United
States Government. As to what sum the account
might reach, to what magnitude it might attain,
no one did know; and I can cite here numerous
illustrations of the fact that, when the Senate settle
principles, and settle laws, they know not to what
expenditure of dollars and cents it is going to lead, m
My guess on that occasion, from an imperfect 'j
knowledge of that part of the case, was, that it ,
would amount to between eight hundred thousand j'
and a million dollars. That was a large sum; and jj
when I announcedMin my place, that the claim [j
was for a largcsum, I supposed that the Senate
must have had its attention calied to the fact, just
as if I had announced that it had been $3,000,000.
Here, Mr. President, I must say, for myself,
that I was led into the error of placing the amount
too small, by crediting an unofficial preliminary
report from the Land Office, as to the quantity of
lands which had been sold by the Choctaws, in-
stead of that which turned out to be the case. I
have a memorandum now among the original
papers on file in the Secretary's office, t" which
it will appear that my guess, in amount, if that had
been material to the Senate in a matter where prin-
ciple was more important, where a rule of right
to necessary to be fixed, and not the amount, of
dollars and cents to be obtained under it, was very
nearly right. I expected, as a matter of coarse,
that more would be charged to the account against
the Choctaws than they had supposed; and, m
fulfillment of that very notion of mine and of ti- •
committee, $600,000 were afterwards charged t .
the Choctaws, which probably was not within the
literal award of the Senate. But \\ hen you look
to the fact that there was adifference of two orthree
million acres between the estimated amountofland
conveyccl, and that which a topographical survey,
afterwards ordered by the Land Office, showed to
be the absolute amount conveyed, from the actual
sales on the books of the Land Oifice, the whole
of this disparity is accounted for; and it shows
that that committee was not only not ignorant of
the whole basis of the settlement, but that that
error which led me into making an erroneous
statement to the Senate was the fault of the Land
Office, and notuiy own. But I never did conceal,
and never did misstate to the Senate, that which
concerned the right of the case.
I have only felt it necessary to say this much
in justice to myself and to the committee; and 1
wish now to repeat what I have said heretofore
in defense of the committee, that I believe every
member of the committee understood the case as
well as I did myself; that I was importunate even
in bringing this large case before them, and beg-
ging of them, as an act of justice to themselves
and of self-vindication, to make the argument and
statement of the case so plain that it should escape
all kinds of censure or criticism afterwards.
I believe, Mr. President, I have said aii that is
necessary. I only wanted to make this statement
to show that the Senate were not taken by sur-
prise; they were advertised that it was a large
claim; that if they passedit withoutconsideration
it was no fault of the committee or mine; that
they passed it in the usual course of proceedings
here; that the committee gave to this subject con-
sideration duiing a term of two years before the
award was finally made; and when we called upon
the Land Officefor information, in compliance with
this resolution, they were fourteen months in
making out the report upon which the Senate
finally proposes to act.
Mr. PEARCE. I am sorry that the Senator
thought it necessary just at that point of time to
interject his remarks. In truth, if he had listened
to me a little longer I think he would have found
that, so far as anything I had said, or might say,
was concerned, it was not necessary for him >o
make any vindication of himself. I certainly did
not intend to throw the least imputation of any
eortupon him; butl was stating the reasons which
had put me in opposition to this claim before I
had looked at the treaty of 1830. I found by that
treaty that ine Choctaws had ceded to the United
States all the remainder of their lands within the
State of Mississippi, and thatapparently, accord-
ing to the treaty,the United States had ceded to the
Choctaws a tract of country west of the Missis-
sippi river, and of the present State of Arkansas.
I naturally enough supposed that the grant of this
large tract of land—fifteen million acres,itis said
—which was not oed> 1 in the usual terms, but
which it was provided should be granted by spe-
cial grant to these Indians, to be held in fee sim-
ple by them, was a full consideration for the ces-
sion made by the I :dians to the United States of
the remainder of t.ieir lands in Mississippi. I
saw that out of these lands thus ceded to us, the In-
dians had stipulated for the carving outot agreat
many reservations, some large ones, more than
two thousand a^es to their head chiefs, and
smaller ones Lu the heads of families u> a limited
extent, and still smaller ones tu other heads of
families to the amount of four hundred. I lound
there stipulations for the payment of some annu-
ities; and the United States bound themselves to
be at the expense of emigrating these Indians to
the territory west of the Mississippi.
I confess I thought that the LV-ted States were
making a full and fair bargain, that there was a
quid pro quo; and I could not understand, on that
statement of facts, wliai good foundation there
could be for the resolution or the award of March
9, 1859. Nor was I apprised, until this morning,
when I found, from the remarks '>f the Senator
from Arkansas, [Mr. Johnson,] th • ! there was an
important piece of the history of t. :s transaction
''••it had never been broug',;1. ';■ knowledge.
; " scovered, then, that by the treaiy of 1820, by
■,h these Choctaws ceded a part of their land
i.i . lississippi to the Government of the United
Si ites, they obtained, in consideration of thatces-
sion of thens, a cession by the United States of
the identical lauds west of the Mississippi, which
weie afterwards granted spo_;c!ly ill fee-simple to
them by the United States. :>t, therefore, the
United States having givt a n i this considera-
tion for the grant of 18-0, a \ in 3830, obtain tile
cession of all the residue of i ' nids in Missis-
sippi , for precisely the sam oo, deration which
had been exhausted by the cessioe of 18"20. That,
I confess, presented to me a new phase of the
affair. It did not seem to me that the reservations
made under the treaty of 1830 con!' !>>• instrued
as a consideration for the gieat i . ■ by th-su In-
dians, for they were leservatiOi.'. pare o! what
v.as their own. The annuities re cc npara-
tively trifling; the exjien-e of (in,, ling them, it
was of course proper and equitabi.. > - ttheUilited
States should pay. When I found ,,utall this, it
appeared to me evident that the Indians had con-
veyed a large tract of land without sufficient con-
sideration—such a conveyance as would be va-
cated by a chancelor. I thought, therefore, as I
think now, that these Indian" .we a good claim
upon the United States in - deration of this
last cession of their lands; ! ". • had no specific
claim; they had not a clav y given number
of dollars or cents, or a s , - aim to the pro-
ceeds of"the land sold, or t, ... • lands remaining
unsold at the tune of that a-." ,"d, valued at any
particular price. It was ino--.l :te, indeterminate,
ant! rested rather upon the justice and eriuty of
the United States Government, than upon any-
thing like a legal foundation.
The.t was the condition in which the Committee
on Indian Affairs found it. jN'ow, fir, I admit
that it was perfectly proper in thai committee to
make an award of some sort against the United
States in consideration of this cession, which we
had got apparently for a consideration, but really
without any. Whether we have agreed to give
too much by the award of March 9, 1859, is not
a matter which I now choose to inquire into; but
here is a provision in the treaiy under which that
award was made, under wlucn if was the duty of
the Senate to act, and the uut/ of the Committee
on Indian Affairs to whom it, had been referred to
make their report:
•'Art. It. Tile Government of the United states, not being
prewired to a^ent 'o ' I ,.ni set up i.iuler the treaty of
rVpfenibet 27 16110. 'inn --o earnestly contended for by the
Clf'"ta\vs as a nile ^e'fk'ment, but iiwly oopreciatin<r
the .aer.ii'"'"-', taillu'ul services, and general ffood conduct
off iie Oiuefmv people, and being desirous that their lights
and claim-, apanust the Umti il States shall receive a just,
lain and liberal consideration, it is therefore stipulated that
the ibUowmgqucstioni he submitted for adjudication to the
Senate of the t'nited Stated:
" First, Whether the Choctaws are entitled to, or shall be
allowed, ihe proceeds of the sale of the lands ccded by them
to the United States by the tieaty of September 27, 1830,
deductiua therefrom the cost of their survey and sale, and
all just aiid proper expenditures and payments under the
provisions ot said treaty; and if so, what price per acre
shall be allowed to the Choctaws for the lands remaining
unsold, in older that a final settlement with them may be
promptly effected; ot—
" Seeo-d. Whether the Choctaws shalUbe allowed a
gross su 1 in further and full satisfaction of all their claims,
national and individual, against the United States; and if
so, how much
These were the two questions submitted to the
Senate of the United States; whether the Choc-
taws should receive the net proceeds of the sales
of the lands ceded by them, or a gross sum should
be allowed by the United States in consideration
of all their claims. The Senate adopted the reso-
lution submitted by the committee, which pro-
posed a particular mode of settlement. After re-
citing the article of the treaty, the resolution goes
on to provide:
"That the Choctaws be allowed the proceeds of the sale
of such lands as have been .*okl by the United States on
first dav of January last, deducting therefrom the cobts of
their suivcy and sale and all ptoper expenditures and pay-
ments undei said tieaty, excluding the reseivations allowed
and secured, and estimating the beiip issued in lieu ot res-
ervations at the rate of $1 05 per acre ; and, further, that
they be also allowed twelve and a half cents per acre tor the
residue of said lands."
The question thus referred to us, we have set-
tled for ourselves and for them. We have de-
termined that they shall receive the net proceeds
of the sales of their lands up to a given time; that,
as to the residue of the lands, they shall receive
twelve and a half cents an acre; and we have di-
rected the manner in which the account should
be stated. That account has been stated by the
proper officers, and, upon their statement, the
Senator from Arkansas, as chairman of the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs, reports this appropria-
tion. He has excluded, however, from the sum
total, the items which were disputed so much at
the last session of Congress by the Senator from
Georgia and others. Perhaps that is well done.
I confess that while I am very unwilling to see
the Treasury loaded with new burdens, I cannot
resist a demand of justice when it is made to me
perfectly clear.
I do not mean to say that, if I had investigated
this question when the award was up before the
Senate, I should not have preferred a different
mode of settlement from the one adopted; that I
should not have desired to give a sum in gross,
instead of a sum to be ascertained by a somewhat
intricate method, and which we could not tell the
amount of in advance. I think I should have pre-
] ferrcd the former mode, a sum in gross; but we
! have agreed, we have decided, ourselves the arbi-
. ter as well as the party in interest, that this mode
■ shall be adopted. The accounting officers have
! made their estimates; and there can be no doubt
*tliat, iinder this view of the case, the $,1,200,000
j proposed in the amendment is due to these peo-
! pie, unless we mean to say that we can overturn
our own award, that we can adopt some new
method, and give them a sum m gross—say the
sum of§500,000, $100,000, or whatever you please.
I do not think it will be very safe for the United
States to set an example of that sort; and, upon
the whole, the Senator from Arkansas [Mr. John-
son'] lias satisfied me that it is my duty to vote for
the present appropriation of $1,200,000, leaving
the other to be considered hereafter.
Mr. PUGH. In furtherance of what the Sen-
ator from Maryland has said, I want to call his
attention to the twelfth article of the same treaty:
" It being expressly understood that the adjudication and
decision of the Senate shall be final."
That is in the treaty. I stated at the last ses-
sion the fact that the cession which we claimed
to have given these Indians west of the Missis-
sippi had been given to them in 1820 as a hunting
ground. The object of the treaty of 1830 was to
get them to go from Mississippi to that land which
was already their own. I think with the Senator
from Maryland. I do not see any mode to avoid
the payment of the claim. I wish it were not so
large.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have no disposition to
argue this matter over again, or to make any fur-
ther debate upon it. 1 never have disputed it-, I
do not undertake to dispute now that there is cer-
tain money which ought to be paid to the Choc-
taw nation. I have no doubt that it amounts to
