832
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 9.
The Secretary continued the reading, as fol-
lows :
Being the undisputed balance due them.
Mr." WILSON. The object I hod in view was
to strike out those words about its being the undis-
puted balance due them. We should either say-
that that $500,000 is a part of what is due them,
or strike out those words.
Mr. GRIMES. 1 move to strike out the words,
"being the undisputed balance due them." The
design was, that that latter part should be stricken
out. It was not designed to say anything as to
how much may be disputed or undisputed, but to
appropriate the sum of $500,000 to the Choctaws,
leaving the matter open for the future action of
Congress.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. There is cer-
tainly great justice in that last alteration that was
imade in the amendment; but I submit now in all
sincerity—I do not wish to be peitinacious about
this matter—that there is an amount of §1,200,000
that is connected with no difficulty at ali. The
parties propose to take bonds for it. They pro-
pose to go into the market with them and get what
they can. It cannot be supposed that the issu-
ance of $1,200,000 in bonds is going to impoverish
or injure the credit of the United States.
I wish to make one suggestion, in addition to
the remarks which I was glad to hear from the
chairman of the Committee on Finance. It is just
as well to pay what is not disputed, and which
will have to be paid hereafter; and it is also neces-
sary to relieve the Choctaws, as he remarked, from
their present necessities. There has befallen them,
in common with everybody else in that region of
country, a failure ofthe crop. But there is a fur-
ther suggestion that will address itself to the sense
of justice of gentlemen who have considered this
matter really with an earnest desire to do justice
to it. It is this: by the treaty of 1855, the Choc-
taws have assumed all the debts of the United
States, in connection with all these matters, and
they have them on their hands to pay. Now,
there are not only all their national necessities,
but there are the necessities which we, by the
treaty of 1855, have thrown upon them. It is no
oppression of the Treasury, for the issuance of
this amount of bonds could not injure the credit
and sale of bonds of the United States. I would
earnestly ask that the whole amount may be
voted. If the House of Representatives should
cut it down hereafter, it will be for us to consider
whether it will have to come down to §500,000
or not; but if we now do so, the probability is
that it will be reduced to one hundred, one hun-
dred and fifty, or two hundred thousand dollars.
I hope the Senate will sustain the amendment as
offered by the Committee on Indian Affairs.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the adoption of the first amendment offered
by the Senator from Iowa—striking out the old
amount, and inserting what has been read.
Mr. GRIMES called for the yeas and nays;
and thev were ordered.
Mr. CLARK. I hope the Senate will pardon
me for a suggestion or two on this matter at this
time. It will be recollected that at the Inst ses-
sion I advocated the passage of this claim in be-
half of the Choctaws. It will also be recollected
that the Senator from Mississippi, [Mr. Davis]
made a motion, during the last session, that we
should pay the Choctaws this sum of$l,200,000,
and settle this claim. I, in behalf of the Choc-
taws, resisted that motion. I thought it was bet-
ter that the whole clcum should be settled at one
time, rather than to take a portion of it. I had
veiy little doubt, from the temper of the Senate
at that time, that if the Choctaws had consented
then to take p,200,000, the Senate would have
cheerfully accorded to them that sum. They de-
sired that the whole should be paid at one time,
and settled forever. It was not passed: but now,
at this session o'f Congress, when the Choctaws
have been visited by famine, when the country is
in such a position that its Treasury is empty, and
other afflictions have fallen upon it, the Choctaws
come forward and say they will not ask the Gov-
ernment now to pay the whole claim of $*2,600,000;
but, if you will give them $1,200,000, being that
undisputed portion of their claim, they will re-
ceive it at this time, and apply it to their neces-
sities, and trust to the good sense and justice of
the Government at some other period for the
remainder.
I recommended to these Choctaws, at this ses-
sion, that they should not ask for this claim. I
said to them such was the position of the Gov-
ernment, that 1 was fearful they were endanger-
ing their claim; that they had better defer it to
another session of Congress, and trust to the justice
of the Government and await their action. The
Choctaws said to me: "We are unable to exist;
we have no money to buy corn or procure bread;
and such is our situation that we must ask the
Government to pay a portion of this claim." The
question is, will the Government, m this sit,nation
of these perishing Indians, pay this portion of
the claim? I would be glad if they would take
$500,000; but if they find it not sufficientfor their
necessities, I hope the Government will respond
in this emergency, and pay them this amount, if
necessary to their subsistence. I think the Choc-
taws have been fair and just to the Government
in saying, " If you will give us h.df the claim,
which is undisputed, we will wait for the balance."
And now they appeal to your generosity, to your
justice. Will you pay them that sum, and pre-
vent starvation ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not mean to say any-
thing more against this pioposition; but I do pro-
test, utterly, against this reiterated statement that
this amount is undisputed. Nobody admits it,
except gentlemen who are in favor of it, and have
made up their minds about it.
Mr. CLARK. Mr. President, I have iterated
and reiterated nothing. I have spoken but this
once on the subject. This is the only suggestion
I have made about it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. One Senator on one side
iterated, and another Senator on this side has
reiterated. That is what I mean.
Mr. CLARK. I understood at the last session
that there was no dispute about that part of the
claim. I have since understood the Senator fiom
Maine to have made a statement that he did dis-
pute the whole claim. What I say in regard to my
own convictions does not, of course, express his.
I do not intend to express hi« convictions.
Mr. SIMMONS. I have not examined this
subject; but if the Senators who have examined
it, and are in favor of it, can get along with
$500,000 for the coming year, I think they should
do so. It will not HfiVct the balance of the claim.
I want to do something for these Indians. 1 think
we owe them something; but I do think it ought
to be investigated before we pay them so large
an amount. As to this notion of giving them
$1,350,000 of bonds, in the present condition of
the iinances, to be hawked about and sold, I
should rather pay them in money; hut I believe
#500,000 must be sufficient for the present year;
and for that I will cheerfully vote. But how are
we to pay all these debts at once? Here is the
Oregon debt of three or four million, and then
there is the Chiriqui debt. We are not in a sit-
uation to pay eveiything just now. I believe it
will be better for the fuends of this measure to
take this amount for the Indians this year, and let
them settle up next year, when I hope we shall be
better off*.
The question being: taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas ;20, nays 521; as follows:
YEAS—Messis Anthony. Bingham, Chandler, Coi Winer,
Dutkce, Fe&-.end<'n, Foot," Foster, (ittine>, Hale, Uailan,
King, Moiuil, ^unmans. rtiunnct, Ten Eyck, Trumbull.
Wade. Wilkinson, and Wilson— HO,
NAYS—Mt'scn, Bsgler, Biugsr, Hugh?, Clark, Clingman,
Ciittenden, Dooliule. Filch, Sioen,G win. Hemphill. John-
sou ot Arkansas, Latham,XTichoKon, Peaic, Polk, Powell,
ltiee, Saulsbuiy, Sebastian, and Wigtall—21.
So the amendment was rejected.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator from Iowa insist on the other amendments
which he has offered?
Mr. GRIMES. No, sir.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Then the ques-
tion is on concurring in the amendment made as
in Committee of theWhole, in regard to the Choc-
taws.
The amendment was concurred in.
Mr. GREEN. I desire the Senator from Ark-
ansas to renew an amendment that was voted
down in Committee of the Whole, so that the
s-msc of the Senate can be taken on it without
piejudice.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I, pro forma, move the
amendment again, to enable the Senator from Mis-
souri to give an explanation of it.
Mr. GREEN. The Senate seemed to labor
under a misapprehension that this money was to
go through the hands of Brigham 'Young. That
is an entire mistake. While Brigham Young was
Governor of the Territory and ex officio superin-
tendent of Indian Affairs, he transacted some In-
dian business. The funds were not tiansported
theie; buthe had authority to draw on the Indian
department, and Messrs. Little & Olcock, of the
city of St. Louis, who were doing business at Salt
Lake, advanced <£9,000 actual cash, and took the
drafts on the Indian department. They sent the
drafts on here; but before they arrived the rebel-
lion broke out; and in consequence, the Indian
department lefused to pay any draft drawn by
him. They subsequently exhausted the appro-
priation on other accounts, and it leaves these
drafts unpaid for want of appropriation. It is not
to go to Brigham Young, but it is simply to pay
these outstanding drafts. There is a condition
annexed, and if the Secretary will read it, the Sen-
ate will understand that not one single cent of this
appropriation can be misapplied. The Indian
bureau and the Interior Department, which will be
in the hands of the Republicans in a few days,
will have the whole investigation to make, and if
it is not right, not a dollar is to be paid; but if
right, ought it not to be paid? I will ask the Sec-
retary to read it.
The Secretaiy read it, as follows:
To enable the Commissioner of Indian Affairs to adjust
the account* of Bngham Young, late Governor of Utah
Territory and ex officio superintendentof Indian affairs, for
disbursements alleged to have been made by him on ac-
count of Indian service in said Territory, $.13,734 15 : Pro-
vided, That no poition of said accounts shall be paid until
a full examination shall have been made in legard to the
ptopriety ofthe disbursements, and the result of such ex-
amination approved by the Commissioner of Indian Affans
and the Secretaiy ofthe Interior.
Mr. GREEN. That has been recommended
by the Interior Department for two years in suc-
cession. It is recommended again this year. If
these men who have made the advances are en-
titled to the money, I think some provision ought
to be made to enable them to get it through the
Department. They cannot get it by applying to
the Treasury. They cannotget it until the whole
propriety of the transaction out of which the in-
debtedness has arisen has been investigated and
approved. Can there be an objection to this?
Will we keep these poor men, who have advanced
their dollars, and taken these drafts in good faith,
and who would have been paid but for the acci-
dental breaking out of the Mormon difficulty, out
of their money? I do not say that Brigham
Young's accounts are going to come out right;
but if they do not, this money will not be paid.
1 am satisfied of this: that the $9,000 that 1 am
speaking for, because it is the money of citizens
of the city of St. Louis, was advanced in good
faith, without a dollar of discount. They took it
forconvenience, rather than bring gold home; and
as he had written authority from the Interior De-
pal tmcnt to draw on the Indian Bureau, they took
the drafts, paid the money, and came home. Ac-
cidental circumstances prevented the payment,
and now the Dcpartmentapproves it; it is guarded
in its language, and no loss can accrue; and I
hope the Senate will pass it.
the PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the adoption of the amendment.
Mr. GREEN. I will call for the yeas and nays
upon it.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr.PEARCE. 1 have paired off with the Sen-
ator from California, [Mr. Latham.]
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 13, nays 23; as follows:
YEAS—-Messrs. Bigler, Brags, Chngman, Fitch, Hemp-
hill, Johnson of Aikansas, Mason, Nicholson, Polk, Pow-
ell,'Rioi-, Sebastian, and Wtgfall—13.
NAYS— Me^r*. Anthony," Bingham, Chandler, Chik,
Dooliule, Dm kee, Fessenden, Foot, Foster, Green, Gtimes,
Hale, Harlan, King, Mori ili, Saulsburv, Simmons, Sumnf r,
Ten Kjck, Tiumbuli, Wade, Wilkinson, and Wilson—23.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I desire to move to amend,
if it bo m order, by striking out of the amendment,
which was adopted in regard to the Choctaws,
these words: "and the award of the Senate made
pursuant thereto on the 9th day of March, 1859."
My object in making this motion is this 
Mr. 'BIGLER. The Senator cannot that
motion now. That provision, m the.present shape
of the bill, cannot be changed.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
