1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
835
Mr. STANTON. I suppose it is a private mat-
ter; it relates to the claim of a private individual.
Mr. BARR. A private matter for public pur-
poses.
Mr. STANTON. I suppose there would be no
objection to it. We passed a law at last 
The SPEAKER. The resolution cannot be
received now.
MARIA W. SAUNDERS.
Mr. HALL, from the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, reported a bill for the relief of Maria
W. Saunders; which was read a first and second
time, referred to a Committee of the Whole
House, and, with the accompanying report, or-
dered to be printed.
REPRESENTATIVES OF BETSY NASH.
Mr. HALL, from the same committee, reported
a bill for the relief of the legal representatives of
Betsy Nash; which was read a first and second
time.
Mr. HALL. I ask to have it put upon its pas-
sage.
The bill >vTas i*ead. It extends the provisions
of the act of Congress approved March 3, 1857,
for the relief of Betsy Nash, to her legal repre-
sentatives, to whom the amount appropriated is
ordered to be paid.
Mr. BURNETT. I desire to ask the gentleman
who reports the bill why it does not set out the
amount of money appropriated? «
Mr. HALL. Let the report be read.
The report was read.
Mr. WASHBURN", of Wisconsin. I will
state that a pension was granted to Betsy Nash;
but before she received her certificate under the
law which was passed, she died. The object of
this measure,as i understand, is to pay themoney
due her to her children. The amount, as I un-
derstand, which is involved, is about two thou-
sand dollars, or possibly $2,200.
Mr. BURNETT. I will not object to the hill
with the statement of the gentleman from Wis-
consin, if it shall be so amended that there shall
be no larger amount appropriated than was due
to Betsy Nash at the tune of her death.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. There is
no objection to that. That is the precise object
of the bill, and nothing further.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be en-
grossed,and read a third time; and being engrossed,
it was accordingly read the third time, and passed.
HIRAM ANDERSON.
Mr. STOKES, from the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, reported a bill for the relief of Hiram
Anderson; which was read a first and second
time, referred to a Committee of the Whole
House, and, with accompanying reports, ordered
to be printed.
IIENIIY 1IEW SON.
Mr. STOKES, from the same committee, re-
ported a bill for the relief of Henry Hewson;
which was read a first and second time, referred
to a Committee of the Whole House, and, with
the accompanying report, ordered to bopnnted.
ELIZABETH MONTGOMERY.
Mr. WHITELEY. I now desire to call up the
bill of the Senate for the relief of Elizabeth Mont-
gomery, heir of Hugh Montgomery.
The bill was read.
Mr. HOLMAN. I object to that bill.
COMPENSATION OP TAGES, ETC.
Mr. BABBITT. The CommiLtee on Revisal
and Unfinished Business have directed me to make
the following report to the House:
The Committee on Revival and Unfinished Business re-
pent, lor Hie consideration of tlx; Hou^e, an item ot'unfin-
ished business of the !:i-t-"es.-nOit,lmmd on page- 1219.1Q30.
and 1:231 of the Journal, bv which it appear.* that, on the
23th of June la-t, the mles ol the IIuu-^ weic su*>p"iided
tor the puipo*<e ol leceiving a icj-oluuon, in the woida lol-
iovvinsr:
<k Resolved, That the Committee of Accounts arc: authoi-
ized and lequnod to settle and adjust the claims of any
boy> m page-, nUct the organization of rhu Tlouio, mid puor
to the aiiangemeiit of paaos under the resolution of the
Hou.se, not exceeding rh*<* in mimlxM : and th;it«aid com-
mittee ate unthei authorised aud duccted to adjust the
chains of the t^veial piece, hook toMeis appointed by me
Doorkeeper of the House at the present session, and to
allow each, not exceeding twelve in number, what may
appeal to said committee to bejufct and equitable; and the
account* m*> adjusted shall be paid out ot the contingent
fund of the House of Representatives."
And thereupon said resolution was submitted to the
House; and,pending the question of agreeing to the tame,
the Speaker announced that the hour fixed toi the adjourn-
ment of the then present session had arrived, and declared
the House adjourned; and bo the said resolution remains
pending and undetcimined,and the rules of the Ilouse sus-
pended for the purpose of considering the same. And your
committee recommend that the House do now proceed to
the consideration and determination of said resolution.
Mr. BURNETT. I desire to make a question
of order upon that resolution as soon as I am per-
mitted to do so.
Mr. BABBITT. 1 move that the House now
proceed to consider that resolution, under the fol-
lowing authority in the Digest, which I ask the
Clerk to read.
The Clerk read, as follows:
"The consideration of unfinished business in which the
House may be engaged atan adjouminent.shall be resumed
as soon as the Journal of the next day is read, and at the
same time each day thereafter, until disposed of; and if,
from any cause, other business shali intervene, it shall be
resumed as soon as such other business is disposed of. And
the eonsideiation of all othei unfinished business shall be
resumed whencvei the cIuses of business to which it belongs
shall be in oider undei the rules.
" Aftei six daysfjom the commencement of a sccond or
subsequent Congtess, all bills, lesolutions, and reports
winch originated in the IJnuse,and at thecloseol the next
piecedmg session lemained undetermined,shall he ie umed
and acted on in the same mannei asi/ an (idjommuenthad
not taken place."
Mr. BABBITT. Now, Mr. Speaker, believing
that resolution to come properly befoto the House
under the authoi ity just read, I report it from the
Committee on Revisal and Unfinished Business,
and ask that it may be passed.
Mr. BURNETT. I desire to make this point
upon the resolution which the gentieman desires
to report. I submit that, even granting the iacts
the gentleman alleges to be true, the resolution
went to the Speaker's table, aud he cannot take
the floor undei the call of committees for reports,
and call up the resolution upon which he desires
the action of the House. This question has not
been referred to the committee of which he is a
member. The subject has not been properly be-
fore the committee, and they have no power to
report upon it; and I ask the Chair to decide
whether such a report can be received m this
House?
Mr. BABBITT. In answer to the point which
the gentleman from Kentucky raises, I ask that
the following rule may be reacf:
The Clerk read, as follows:
"97. It shall be the duty of the Committee on Ilevisai
and Unfinished Bu-mess to examine and icport what laws
have expiied, orate near expiring, and require to bcievived
or finthercontinued; aNo,toe.\cunineand ieport,lrom the
Journal of lastsession, all such mauer&as were then depend-
ing and undetermined."
Mr. BABBITT. Now, sir, this resolution is
depending, undetermined m the House, and it is
the right andduty of the Committee on Revisal of
Unfinished Business to report the tact to the House.
Mr. BURNETT My recollection of this mat-
ter is this: the resolution referred to in the gen-
tleman's report was pending when the Speaker
announced that the hour had arrived when the
House was to adjourn sine die. The resolution,
under the rules, then went to the Speaker's table.
Now, T submit that the gentleman cannot come
m-here and, in virtue of the peculiar character of
the duties of the Committee on Revisal and Un-
finished Business, call up that resolution out of
its order. If that course is permitted, it is a vio-
lation of the amended rules, which provide that
the business shall be taken up at the close of a
second session where it was left at the close of
the first session.
Mr. BABBITT. This is a matter that does not
go to the Speaker's table; and it is the duty of the
Committee on Revisal and Unfinished Business to
report such a matter to the House for its action.
If it will not do so, the Committee on Revisal and
Unfinished Business would have nothing to do.
[Laughter.]
Mr. BURNETT. I ask the Chair to decide
the question of order.
The SPEAKER.. The Chair understands that,
under the practice of the House, a simple resolu-
tion, which is pending at the close of a session of
Congress, dies. The Chair is of opinion, there-
fore, that the resolution leferred to by the gentle-
man front Pennsylvania died when the first ses-
sion of the present Congress adjourned sine die,
and must be introduced again. The Chair thinks
this is the result of the rule, under the practice of
the House. The Chair will, therefore? not re-
ceive the report of the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania from the Committee oil Revisal and Unfin-
ished Business.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. THEAKER, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that the committee had ex-
amined and found truly enrolled a bill and reso-
lution of the following titles; whereupon the
Speaker signed the same:
An act granting a pension to Gregory Pattie;
and
A joint resolution authorizing Lieut. T. A, M.
Craven, of the United States Navy, to receive
certain marks of distinction tendered him by the
Spanish Government.
DELEGATE FROM IDAIIO.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I rose the other morn-
ing and introduced the certificate of election of
Mr. Morgan, Delegate from Idaho, which was
ordered to be referred to the Comfraittee of Elec-
tions, but by a mistake it went to the Committee
on Territories. I ask that the reference may be
changed, and the paper sent to the Committee of
Elections in accordance with the order.
Mr. BRANCH. 1 object, sir, to any change;
and for this reason: the certificate was only re-
ceived as a memorial. I do not know what the
Journal shows. The point was made at the time
that there was no such Territory as that of Idaho
in existence. It was only received as a memorial
which could, under the rules, be presented at any
time.
Mr.FARNSWORTH. TheorderoftheHouse
was that it should be sent, not to the Committee
on Territories, but to the Committee of Elections.
All that I ask is that the error made may be
corrected.
Mr. COX. I think that the gentleman is mis-
taken. There was no order of the House send-
ing it to any committee. I objected at the time to
the reception of the certificate, stating thatitcould
only be received as a petition or memorial. It
was received and referred as a memorial, and not
as a certificate.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The matter is a plain
one. Under the rules of the House, I could have
introduced the certificate, and referred it to what-
ever committee I pleased. By mistake it was
sent to the Committee on Territories, instead of to
the Committee of Elections, fur which I intended
it. All I now ask is that the mistake which has
been made may be corrected.
Mr. BRANCH. What does the Journal show?
The SPEAKER. The memorial was received
under the rules of the House, and the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Farnsworth] moved that it
should be referred to the Committee of Elections;
but by some mistake k was sent to the Commit-
tee on Territories. He asks now that the me-
morial should be withdrawn from the Committee
on Terntoiies, and leferred to the Committee of
Elections, for which it was designed. That is
the whole matter.
Mr. BRANCH. How does the Journal stand?
The SPEAKER. A mistake has been made;
and the present motion is to correct it
Mr. BRANCH. I understand that; butwhen
was this order made ?
The SPEAKER. There was no order made.
The memorial was presented under the rules of
the House.
Mr. BRANCH. What day was the paper
presented ?
The SPEAKER. Some day during the pres-
ent week.
Mr.BRANCH. The matter was broughtupby
the gentleman from Illinois, if I remember rightly,
in open House. I recollect that, at the time, I
inquned whether there was any such Territory
belonging to the United States.
The SPEAKER. It was received under the
rule. The gentleman tried to introduce it in open
House; but objection was made. Then it was
presented under the rules; and, instead of to the
Committee of Flections, as intended, it was re-
ferred to the Committee on Territories,
Mr. BRANCH. I must object to any altera-
tion which should not have the effect of bringing
the paper before the House. I certainly object to
any paper relating to the right of persons claim-
ing to be Delegates from Idaho being sent to the
Committee of Elections, which has the privilege
in this House, possessed by none other except
