836
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 9,
one,of reporting at any time. I object to the alter-
ation of the Journal referring that paper to the
Committee of Elections, instead of to the Com-
mittee on Territories, because it would give this
memorial the privilege of being reported at any
time. If anything is to be done, I claim that the
memorial shall come back to the House, so that
%ve may make whatever disposition of it we shall
deem best.
Mr. FAR.NSWORTH. There is no kind of
question that I had the rightto present the memo-
rial and have it referred, under the rules, to any
committee I chose.
The SPEAKER. The question of privilege
refers rather to the matter than to the committee
to which it is sent. I presume, if the question
did not relate to the right of a member to a seat
upon this floor,, the committee could not have it
" considered at any time. A mistake has been made,
and thfe Chair hopes that it will be corrected.
Mr. BRANCH. If it be a clerical error of the
Speaker or the Clerk, I will not object to the
correction being made.
The SPEAKER. That is all it is.
The House then ordered the correction to be
- made.
seizure op merchant Vessels.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I ask the unani-
mous consent of the House to introduce the fol-
lowing resolution of inquiry.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Resolved, That the Secretary ot the Treasury be directed
to inform the House whethei helms received any, and what,
official advices, or whether any, and what, official informa-
tion .baa been received by the Treasury Department, lela-
ti.ve to the seizure, in the port of Savannah, ol* any vessels
or any shipping of any description, and especially resect-
ing the seizure of the biig W. It. Kit by, baik Adjuster, brig
Golden Lead, sclioonei Julia A Ualteck, and the bark Sa-
rah C'olden Mutray, ail of New York, and if seized, by
whom, and by what authority they vveie seized.
Mr. BRANCH. I object to that resolution,
unless my friend from Now York will toll me how
the Treasury Department can coma into posses-
sion of official information of the seizure, of pnvate
vessels ^
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. In this way: the
Secretary of the Treasury is in charge ol' the ex-
ecution of the revenue laws, and all shipping is
subjected to the pressure and presence of those
laws. Unless a State has so far withdrawn ftom
the Union as to be antagonistic to it, it is import-
ant that any seizure of shipping of the United
States should be at once communicated to the
executive of the Treasury .Department.
Mr. BRANCH. If the gentleman will accept
a modification of his resolution, that the Secretary
of the Treasury shall communicate the official
information m his possession, 1 will not object.
Mr. JOHN COC EiRANE. I accept that mod-
ification of my resolution.
Mr. PRYOR. I ask that the gentleman from
New York make another modification of his res-
olution, by adding these words:
Also, whether he Iki-i official information in relation to
the seizuie of any [uoperty belonging to the State ot (Jeoi-
gia by tlio authorities of the city or State ot NV\v Voik.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. If he has any offi-
cial information on that subject, I am willing- that
it shall be communicated.
The resolution, as modified, was read.
Mr. HOLMAN. I object to the resolution.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I give notic« I will
try to introduce that resolution next Monday.
state of the union.
Mr. MARSTON, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented the memorial of citizens of Portsmouth,
New Hampshire,praying: that such measures may
be speedily adopted by Congress, for the pacific
settlement of our present difficulties, as will em-
brace substantially such a plan of compromise as
may be deemed expedient to restore tranquillity
and peace to our distracted country, which was
laid upon the table.
criminality 01? executive officers.
Mr. HINDMAN. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House for leave to submit a resolution
relating to what I consider a gross criminality on
the part of certain officers of the executive de-
partment of tins Government:
Resolved, That a select committee of three be appointed
by the Speaker, with instruction-? to inquire whether any
officer or ofiiceis of the executive dopaitmentoi this Gov-
ernment have lately been guilty of improper interference
with elections recently or now pending in any of the States;
and that said committee have power to send for persons
and papers, and to repoit at any time.
Hr. McPHERSON objected.
state of the union.
The SPEAKER stated that the morning hour -
had expired, and that the special order was before
the House; on which the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Hutchins] was entitled to the floor.
Mr. BURNETT. If the gentleman from Ohio
will permit me, I will move that the House pro-
ceed to the consideration of the business upon the
Speaker's table.
Mr. GROW. For reference of the bills there,
and no other purpose.
Mr. BURNETT. That is my motion.
The question was taken on Mr. Burnett's
motion; and it was agreed to.
robert stockton.
The SPEAKER laid before the House Senate
amendments to House joint resolution No. 392,
directing the accounting officers of the Treasury
to settle the accounts of the late Robert Stockton,
quartermaster, &c.; which were referred to the
Committee on Revolutionary Claims, and ordered
to be printed.
report off select committee.
Mr. CORWIN. Mr. Speaker, I have been very
much pressed upon all sides of the House to post-
pone still further the time for taking the vote on
the special order, which has been under discus-
sion for some time. I believe that the public in-
terest would not be prejudiced by a postponement
until next Thursday. #
Mr. BURNETT. The gentleman from Ohio
can, underthe rules, atany time, call the previous
question, and bring the House to a vote on the
special order; and, if the gentleman will permit
me, I will say, in all deference to his ago and ex-
perience, that the country wants action more than
speech-making. The sooner, sir, we have the
vote the better it will be for the country.
Mr. CORWIN. I am fully impressed by the
consideration referred to by the gentleman from
Kentucky; but, sir, it maybe that the convention
now assembled in this city may soon do some-
thing tothrowliglit upon this subject, and enable
u i butter to conic to a conclusion than we now arc.
Thr SPEAKER. It has been already stated
that the vote would not be taken until next Friday.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. The gen-
tleman, upon his own motion the other day, when
the special order was called, postponed it until
Friday next. t
Mr. SHERMAN. My colleague moves now
to postpone the special order. The gentleman
from North Carolina misunderstood him.
Mr. CORWIN. My motion, in effect, is, to
postpone debate upon the special order until that
day.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. Gentlemen
upon that side of the House have been heard upon
tins question, but gentlemen upon this side of the
House have not been heard at all. There are gen-
tlemen who arc) anxious to debate it, and I hope
they will be permitted to express their views. I
have no hope that anything will result from that
"peace congress." It may be that they will settle
this national difficulty; but, at all events, after
that side of the Hou: c have been allowed to de-
bate this matter, they ought to be willing to extend
the same privilege to us.
Mr. BURNETT. I did not understand the
motion ef the gentleman at the time he made it.
I thought it was a motion to postpone the time
at which he proposed to ask a vote. So far as I
am concerned, I am perfectly willing that he
should postpone that motion until five minutes
before the time he desires to take a vote. But I
think, if the consideration of the special order is
to be postponed, it would certainly he unjust to
gentlemen upon this side who desiie to make
speeches, but who, under such an order made at
this time, would be cut off from that privilege.
Mr. CORWIN. I certainly shall not call for
a vote until all have had a fair opportunity to be
heard.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. My action
upon the motion of the gentleman from Ohio will
be substantially governed by the suggestions of
the chairman of the Committee of" Ways and
Means in reference to the condition of the public
business. If we can go on now with this special
order, and also close up the public business in the
meantime, 1 would be glad to go on and dispose
of the matter.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. I do think
it exceedingly unfair to postpone the special order
at the present time. Elections are progressing in
two or three States; and I am informed that one
or two of the Departments of this Government are
employing their entire force in sending to those
States the speeches made upon that side of the
House upon this subject; and therefore I think
it unfair to cut off debate now before this side of
the House has had an opportunity to be heard.
The SPEAKER. The Chair must remind gen-
tlemen that this debate is all out of order, as the
House is acting under an order that the special
order should be postponed for the purpose of
proceeding to business upon the Speaker's table.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. I am will-
ing to take the vote now, or at any time; but if
the consideration of the matter is to be postponed
for the purpose of shutting the mouths of those
who are opposed to the report of thQ, committee,
I must object to that course. If the gentleman
from Ohio desires to come up to the sciatch and
take a vote now, I am ready for it.
Mr. PRYOR. I desire to inquire of the chair-
man of the committee of thirty-three, at what tima
he proposes to take a vote upon the report?
Mi*. CORWIN. I shall not be ready to com-
mit myself to such a question as that. I have
no disposition to press a vote upon any of these
propositions at a time when the House is not pre-
pared. And I assure the gentleman from North
Carolina, that it is entirely foreign to my inten-
tion to so manage debate here as to do unfairness
to anybody.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. Then why
make any motion upon the subject, inasmuch as
I understood the gentleman,the other day, to have
prolonged the time for debate until next Friday ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair must interfere,
and carry out the first order of the House; which
was to suspend the special order, and proceed to
the business upon the Speaker's table. When we
dispose of that, the special order will come up.
The Clerk will report the next bill.
schooner augusta.
An act (S. No. 531) to change the name of the
schooner Augusta to Colonel Cook.
The bill was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
john peebles.
An act (S. No. 325) for the relief of John Pee-
bles.
The bill was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee of Claims.
st. mattiiew's church.
An act for the relief of the parish of St. Mat-
thew's church, in the city of Washington.
The bill was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee for the District of Co-
lumbia.
iiockaday & ligget.
An act for the relief of Hockaday & Ligget.
The bill was read a first and sccond time, and
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
state of the union.
The business on the Speaker's table having
been disposed of—
Mr. SIMMS said: I call for the special order
of business. The gentleman from Ohio [Mr
IIutchins] was upon the floor, having been recog-
nized by the Chair. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Burnett] then rose, and asked him
to yield to a motion to proceed to the business on
the Speaker's table. He did so, and that busi-
ness having now been disposed of, I call for the
regular order of business, which is, the consider-
ation of the special order.
Mr. CORWIN. I understand that my col-
league from Ohio waived his right to the floor for
the purpose of making my motion. If I am mis-
taken, he can say so.
Mr. SIMMS. I rise to a point of order; and I
want the decision of the Chair upon it. The gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Hutchin&I was recog-
nized; and I want to know whether this interrup-
tion comes out of his time?
