1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
837
Mr. CORWIN. The gentleman from Ohio
has not commenced his speech, and of course this
will not come out of his time.
Mr. SHERMAN. I would say to the gentle-
man from Ohio that the gentleman from Kentucky
[Mr. Simms] desires to speak to-day; and this
motion can be made after to-day. I desire to say
that on Tuesday or Wednesday there will be pub-
lic business before the House for its considera-
tion, whether the special order is pending or not.
There will be several appropriation bills returned
from the Senate with amendments; there will be
territorial and other bills.
Mr. BURNETT. I appeal to the chairman of
the special committee to allow his motion to go
over until Monday. His colleague is entitled to
the floor; and my colleague from Kentucky de-
sires to follow liim. Let the motion go over until
Monday, and allow these gentlemen to occupy
the door now.
Mr. SIMMS. I will state to the gentleman
from Ohio that I have no particular desire to speak
to-day. and if he desires to make his motion, lam
perfectly willing.
Mr. CORWIN. I only wish to postpone the
special order after to-day until next Thursday.
Mr. HINDMAN. I am one of those long-suf-
fering individuals, who have had no opportunity
to speak upon the special order. I may well sac-
rifice my wishes in that behalf, and propose, as
a compromise proposition, that we shall take a
vote now. We might save the Union.
Mr. BRABSON. 1 would ask the gentleman
from Ohio to postpone the final vote upon this
question until the peace convention has acted,
provided they act during the present session of
Congress, and fix no special day.
The SPEAKER. The motion before the House
is to postpone the special order after to-day until
Thursday next.
The motion was agreed to.
The House was addressed by Mr. HUTCH-
INS. [His speech will be published in the Ap-
pendix.]
Mr. SIMMS obtained the floor.
Mr. COX. With the permission of my friend
from Kentucky, I desire to make a remark.
Mr. CASE. I rise to a point of order. It is,
that the floor is assigned to the gentleman from
Kentucky; and I insist that he shall occupy it,
or yield it.
Mr. COX. I appeal to my friend from Indiana
whether that is very great courtesy.
Mr. CASE. The gentleman from Ohio has oc-
cupied much more time upon this floor than the
gentleman's colleague.
Mr. COX. I have made but one speech; and
my remarks, by his consent, will come out of the
time of the gentleman from Kentucky.
Mr. HUTCHIJNS. If the gentleman makes an
explanation, I shall ask the privilege of replying.
Mr. COX. I do not desire to make an expla-
nation, but only to put things right.
Mr. CASE. If I desired to put things right,
it would require two hours upon what the gentle-
man himself has said.
Air. COX. It may take the gentleman two
hours to puthimself right, lean put myself right
in five minutes. I want to say a word only, in
reply to my colleague from the Ashtabula district.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman can only do
so by unanimous consent, or by the gentleman
from Kentucky yielding the floor.
Mr. SICKLES. If it does not come out of the
time of the gentleman from Kentucky, I presume
there will be no objection.
Mr. CASE. I object.
Mr. SICKLES. Nothing throws so much
light upon a discussion as to have a reply imme-
diately following the speech.
Mr. LOGAN. You are afraid to give him a
hearing. No wonder you are trying to district
him out of Congress.
Air. ASHLEY. I shall object, unless my col-
league fioni the Ashtabula district has the same
time for reply.
Mr. COX. That would be very generous and
brave; but I am not asking any favor from the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Ashley.] My col-
league [Mr. Hittchists] had an hour; I only ask
five minutes.
Mr. SIMMS resumed the floor, and addressed
the House for an hour. [His speech will be pub-
lished m the Appendix.]
Mr. CAMPBELL obtained the floor.
Mr. COX. If the gentleman will give way, I
desire to occupy the floor until the recess.
Mr. GROW. With the permission of my col-
league, I move that the House adjourn.
The SPEAKER. The House will understand
that the order now is, to take a recess from four
o'clock until seven. If the motion to adjourn pre-
vails, the recess will be lost; and we shall not
meet again till Monday.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. The gentleman from
Ohio requests a hearing of the House, and prom-
ises to occupy only five minutes. I hope he will
be heard.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Pennsylvania yield to the gentleman from Ohio?
Mr. CAMPBELL. If there is no objection, I
will do so.
No objection was made.
Mr. GROW. Then my motion to adjourn will
stand.
The SPEAKER. Yes, sir. The gentleman
from Ohio has five minutes, and will proceed.
Mr. COX. That is all that is necessary forme
in this debate. I was surprised that my colleague
from the Ashtabula district, at the conclusion of
his attack upon my colleague, [Governor Cor-
win,] should have attacked me. Why he did so,
I know not; unless it be from the fact that Iasked
him a question in explanation of his argument
about incendiary publications to provoke insur-
rection. I asked him the question, whether or
not he was in favor of suppressing all such publi-
cations as the Helper book and Theodore Par-
ker's programme, published in the Tribune, for
the robbery and murder of masters by their slaves
to obtain their freedom? The gentleman did not
answer the question. He shirked it; for he knew
that ho represented a constituency who are con-
tinually preaching and publishing that very sedi-
tion of which my colleague [Mi. Corwjn] com-
plained, and of which he [Mr. Hutchins] is the
defender, and of which John Brown was the ex-
emplar. The gentleman knew, when he covered
his attack upon Governor Coitwi.\T by his attack
upon me, that he represented some of the very
men who had been engaged in raids upon their
neighbors'lives and property. I cannot, sir, fail
to remember that his sensibility about certain dis-
closures that have transpired in relation to the Re-
publican executive of Ohio, in refusing to deliver
to Virginia such miscreants, is no doubt caused
by the fact that some of the renegades and rascals
of John Brown's conspiracy had a protecting regis
in the conspiring treason of his own district. I
state these facts openly, and in my place; because
they are wrongs, and with a view to their remedy
by proper measures.
But, sir, I wanted to call attention especially to
an ungenerous attack upon myself. I did not
expect it from the gentleman. He said I was
always very busy in the House furnishiug facts
—yes, facts, sir—for southern members to attack
the North here. I would like him to name the
southern man to whom I furnished facts, in the
manner or for the purpose stated. Name him, if
you can ! I will pause for you to name one.
Mr. HUTCHINS. I think that when the gen-
tleman from Virginia, Mr. Leake, was discuss-
ing the conduct of Governor Dennison 
Mr COX. Yes, sir; I was about to refer #to
that. I asked the privilege of Governor Leake to
take the floor; and in my place I gave the/ac/sto
the House and the country, and not to Governor
Leake; I gave them with a view to the proper
remedy, and from no other motive. I meet these
issues openly, here and elsewhere. I stand here
with a duty to the whole country. I speak not
alone for my own district, and my own State. But
when I have information that the Constitution
and laws have been violated anywhere, and that
gross wrongs have been done to our own mother
State of Virginia and our own sister State of Ken-
tucky, I will never liesilate, both here and at
home, to denounce the unfaithful men, even though
they do disgrace the State of Ohio. [Applause
in the galleries.] The gentleman undertakes to
acknowledge that I am a Union man. Good God!
j What an admission to come from the successor
j of Joshua R. Giddmgs! [Renewed applause.]
j How refreshing from a man like my colleague,
| who was nominated and elected because he was
j more radical than Mr. Giddmgs himself! Mr.
i Giddinss could teachrnsurrection. We know how
he taught it here for twenty years. He could or-
ganize conspiracies in the gentleman's district,
for the purpose of attacking the officers of the law-
arid defeating its execution—not stopping at mt*r-
der to accomplish such designs. He could advise
the "shooting down as pirates "of officers en-
gaged in executing the laws of the United States..
If Mr. Giddings, who had no scruples as to mur-
der in defeating the law, was left at home, how
far would the gentleman go who superseded Mr.
Giddings because he was more ultra and reliable
than Mr. Giddings.
[Here the hammer fell].
The SPEAKER. The question is on adjourn-
ment. ■ ■
Mr. HUTCHINS. I am sure the gentleman
from Pennsylvania will allow me five minutes to
reply to my colleague.
Mr. COX. I object to my colleague going on,
unless I have an opportunity to reply. He would
not give me an opportunity to answer his charges.
He had an hour and I had only five minutes.
Mr. SICKLES. There has been ons round
on each side, as was agreed The contest is
closed.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I hope the gentleman from
Olno [Mr. Cox] does not intend to shut the door
down against his colleague. Give him five min-
utes.
Mr. HUTCHINS. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania has yielded me the floor. '
The SPEAKER. The question is on the mo-
tion to adjourn.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I hope that, by unanimous
consent, the gentleman [Mr. Hotciiins] will be
allowed five minutes to reply to his colleague.
Mr. BARR. I hope the House will adjourn.
The SPEAKER. The question on adjourn-
ment must be put.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Then I hope the House
will vote it down.
The question was taken; and the House refused
to adjourn.
The SPEAKER. Unless otherwise ordered,
the Chair will order a recess when it comes to four
o'clock.
Mr. BURNETT. Let us agree, by unanimous
consent, that the gentlemen [Messrs. Cox and
Hijtciuns] shall havefive minutes apiece on this
interesting discussion.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I rise to a point
of order. The House gave its unanimous consent
that, in consideration ofthegentleman having time
to reply, we should take an adjournment,notwith-
standing the hour of four might in the meantime
arrive; so that, although that time should pass,
the House would still, by unanimous consent,
have avote on the motion to adjourn.
Mr. SICKLES. We have no objection to re-
newing the debate on equal terms—five minutes
to each gentleman.
The SPEAKER. That being the understand-
ing, there will be no difficulty in letting each of
the gentlemen have five minutes.
Mr. BURNETT. I want it understood they
are to have five minutes each.
The SPEAKER. Certainly. Goon. [Laugh-
ter.] The Chair gives notice he will watch the
time closely. [Laughter.]
Mr. HUTCHINS. Toward my colleague, per-
sonally, I entertain no other feeling than that of
kindness. Against his political acts I have had,
and now have, some little criticism to make; be-
cause, on overy possible occasion that he could
get the ear of this House, he has seen fit to de-
nounce my constituents as enemies to the Union,
and as abettors of the raid of John Brown. He
even brought against the judges of the State the
charge of singing the Alarseillaise on the bench;
and also against the citizens of the Western Re-
serve, the same charge of singing the same patri-
otic song—through their noses. [Laughter.]
Now, my constituents are a humane and Chris-
tian people. They are opposed to cruelty in any
shape, or to any sort of people; and if they had
known the sensitiveness of my colleague, and the
nervousness of his disposition, they certainly
never would have sung m his presence thatbeau-
tifal Marseillaise, to winch he objects, with the
nasal twang. [Laughter.]
i found fault with my colleague because he un-
dertook to furnish the gentleman from Virginia,
[Mr. Leake,]—who is, in good faith, I believe,
in ftivor of secession as a remedy—with materials
