1861.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
36th Cong....2d Sess.
State of the Union—Mr. Blair.
Ho. of Ebps.
mously devotes to freedom. Sir, they need no
Wiimot proviso, either in their organic acts or in
the Constitution, to preserve them to freedom. I
would not give a fit; for any such protection; and
when my colleague, the chairman of the Commit-
tee on Territories, again brings forward his bills
forthe organization of these Territories, compris-
ing all the territory north of 36° 30' seeking or-
ganization, I would as lief see them without the
"VVilmot proviso as with it; nay, I would prefer
them without it.
I believe that slavery will be found in anyTer-
ritory, unless prohibited by Congress, or by the
condition of society; and as in these Territories
the tone of society is adverse to its introduction,
the friends of freedom are under no constraint to
shield them by the Jefferson proviso. There is
no virtue, then, in this part of the proposed com-
promise, except that which is born of necessity.
We neither wish it nor ask it; why, then, is it
offered? It is but a cloak to cover the nakedness
of the attempt to devote the free territory south-
ward to slavery. It is but the sugar-coating for
a pill as bitter as the waters of Marali. Let the
people mark it, and reflect on the humiliation to
which they are invited:
" That the territory now held, or that may hereafter be
acquired by the United States, shall be divided by a line
from east to west on the paraiiel of 36° 30', north latitude.
That in ail the territory south of said line, involuntary servi-
tude, as it now exists in the States south of Mason and
Dixon's line, is hereby recognized, and siiail bo sustained
and protected by all the departments of the territorial gov-
ernments."
This is the amendment to the Constitution, as
it is proposed to be submitted for popular ap-
proval.
The country " now owned" south of the line to
which this amendment is applicable, is the Ter-
ritory of New Mexico, organized by one of the
compromise measures of 3850, and which was ex-
tended by the act of 1853, so as to cover the coun-
try called Arizona, with the right of admission as
a State, with or without slavery, as its constitu-
tion might provide.
The right, however, was expressly reserved to
Congress to repeal any law which might be passed
by the Territorial Legislature. Surely no one
will be so credulous as to suppose that this ex-
tended barren waste called New Mexico, where
in ten years they have only been able to introduce
about twenty slaves, is the field in which this
extraordinary constitutional amendment is ex-
pected to operate. Is it to be supposed that this
Unionjs to be sundered because slavery cannot
obtain a constitutional license and protection m
this wilderness of parched and arid volcanic sur-
face ? No, sir; the real intention is to apply the
provision to Mexico, or such portions of her
dominions as we may hereafter acquiie from her,
either by treaty or by acts of lawless aggression.
She has long been a weak and distracted nation,
owing to the very cause that now unhappily, for
the first time in our history, begins to show itself
with sufficient force to disturb the general tran-
quillity of the country—the rebellious refusal of
a defeated party to submit to the will of a consti-
tutional majority. Exhausted by long-continued
civil wars,"she is unable to resist the inroads of
filibusters, to whose eager gaze her provinces are
temptingly spread out; but neither on the mount-
ains nor the valleys of them all is seen the foot-
print of a slave; for through all the strifes and
revolutions of that nation, the law stands immuta-
ble that there shall be no property in man, "such
as exists in the States south of Mason and Dixon's
line."
Sir, this Chamber has been ringing with ap-
peals to the Republican members to come forward,
m a magnanimous and conciliatory spirit, and
cast away the Chicago platform. These appeals
are made by gentlemen without a smile on their
faccs. They seem to be agonized at the thought
that we hesitate to abandon our platform and
adopt theirs. Yes, sir; this Union is to be dis-
solved bccauscwe do not give up a body of polit-
ical principles sustained and approved by the
people by a large constitutional majority, and in
their place that we shall not only accept a body
of principles repudiated by the people, but shall
elevate them and guaranty them by the perpetu-
ity of constitutional sanctions. Sir, it is the ne
plus ultra of arrogance.
By what right, I pray you, do you assume to
charge us with the elevation of a party platform
above the country, when you yourselves, in the
same breath, do claim that your platform is of so
much more value than the Union that unless you
get it foisted into the Constitution of the country
you will trample her flag in the dust; and to prove
that you are in earnest, accompany the threat of
treason with overt acts ? You plunder the public
moneys and cry out, "give us justice;" you
seize the forts and arsenals, and then pfeach con-
ciliation; you turnjhe guns which you have taken
on an unarmed steamer in the service of the Gov-
ernment, fire twenty cannon-balls at the stars and
stripes, and then with extended hands implore us
to let our souls rise to the height of this great
argument, far above the mount of the Chicago
platform. Sir, if we could cast off our principles
as easily as old garments, it were low-thoughted
baseness to yield our manhood on such dishon-
orable terms.
But I would not be misunderstood; I would have
no one believe I would yield to these demands, if
they were put forward, even under circumstances
in which they could honorably be considered at
all. Candor and frankness, I venture to say, are
virtues as essential in public affairs as in private,
notwithstanding ihe maxim of Louis XII pre-
vails to a great extent, that " he who knows not
how to dissemble knows not how to govern."
Regarding the right of one man to have property
in another as being in derogation of the law of
nature, and that wherever the right exists it must
depend exclusively on the local municipal law,
I believe—and that belief is much older than the
Chicago platform—that the moment the slave is
transported beyond the limits of his State, to a
State or Territory where no such law exists, he
becomes as free as his former master, whether
that master be a New York slave-dealer, or a
Mississippi planter. How then, sir, can I, or any
one believing this, consent to a law of Congress
or a new Constitution, that will seize that man
thus made free and convert him into a chattel?
Twelve years ago the Union was threatened by
the same men who are now its enemies, simply
because the people of California thought proper
to seek admission as a State with a constitution
forbidding slavery. Senator Davis presented this
identical demand, as his ultimatum, in these
words:
"That my position may go forth to the country in the
same colors that convey the sentiments of the Senator fi om
Kentucky, 1 here assert that nevei will I take less than the
Missouii compromise line extended to the Pacific oeean,
with the specific recognition of the right to iioid slaves in
the territory below that iine ; and that, before such Terri-
toiies are jfdmitted into the Union as States, slaves may be
taken there from any of the United States at the option of
their owners.1'
To this demand for mere congressional recogni-
tion of slavery south of the line, Mr. Clay replied
in this memorable language, so familiar to us all:
" I am extremely sorry to hear the Senator from Mis-
sissippi say that lie requires, first, the extension of the Mis-
souri line to the Pacific ; and also, that he is not satisfied
with that, hut requires, if I understood lnm correctly, a pos-
itive provision lor tile admission of slaveiy south of that
line; and now, sir, coming from a slave State, as I do, I
owe it to myself, I owe it to tiuth, I owe it to the subject,
to say, that "no earthly power could induce me to vote for
a specific meabine for the intioduction of slavery where it
had not before existed, either south or north of that line.
Coming from a slave State, as I do, it is my solemn, delib-
erate, and well matured deteimination that no power, no
earthly power, shall compel me to vote for the positive in-
tioduction of slaveiy either south or north of that line."
These noble words of the great orator of Ken-
tucky will live in the memory of men, and pre-
serve his fame in the ages that are to come after
us, if all else that he has said should be forgotten.
But, Mr. Speaker, I am told that the great State
of Pennsylvania is conservative, and has never
been so devoted to this abstraction—as it is the
fashion to call it—that her representatives might
not, consistently with her views, prove false to it.
She is a conservative State, and for that reason
they traduce her who would represent her infi-
delity to principle. She will have her represent-
atives conserve, in legislation, every good principle
which she has ever avowed. She was conserva-
tive of justice, humanity, and political consist-
ency, when in 1784, she put slavery in the way
of ultimate extinction within her borders, by an
act of her Legislature, which tells us—as well by
its provisions as by its thrilling preamble—how
she loved liberty and hated bondage. She re-
corded her sentiments again, in 1819,on theques-
tion of slavery in the Territories, and those gen-
tlemen who suppose that we are only standing on
the Chicago platform, will do well to look at thia
record. We are told the platform was not made
in view of these troubles, or she would have repu-
diated it. Well,sir,the resolve which I am about
to cite was no party platform, made in time of
public quiet to catch votes, but the solemn dec-
laration of her Legislature, at a time not unlike
the present. The first conflict on the Missouri
question, was in the winter of 1819, and it shook
the very foundation of the Union; but the people
of Pennsylvania, with one heart and voice, pro-
tested against the admission of Missouri, with a
slave constitution; and the Legislature, by a near-
ly unanimous vote, if not entirely so, resolved
against the admission of the State, unlessslavery
should be-prohibited. Prom its preamble, I ex-
tract.the following:
" A measui e was ardently supported in the last Congress,
and will, probably, be as earnestly urged during the exist-
ing session of that body, which has a palpable tendency to
impair the political relations of the several States; which
is calculated to mar the social happiness of the present and
future gcneiations; 'and which, if adopted, would impede
the march of humanity and freedom through the world, and
would affix and perpetuate an odious stain upon the present
race. A measure, in brief, which proposes to spread the
crimes and cruelties of slavery from the banks of the Mis-
sissippi to the shores of the Pacific.
"The Senate and House of Representatives of Pennsyl-
vania, therefore, cannot but deprecate any departure from
the humane and enlightened poiicy pursued not only by the
illustrious Congress of 1787, but by their successors, with-
out exception. They are persuaded that, to open the fer-
tile regions of the West to a servile race, would tend to in-
crease their numbeis beyond all past example; would open
a new and steady market for the lawless venders of human
flesh, and would lender all schemes for obliterating this
most foul blot upon the American character useless and un-
availing."
In disregard of these sentiments, some of her
Representatives, the next winter, voted for the
admission of the State with the compromise line;
and she showed her conservatism by letting them
all stay at home after that. Still conservative,
she stood by the Missouri compromise, though
distasteful to her; and when, in 1854, that com-
promise was abrogated, she showed her appreci-
ation of the conduct of those who betrayed her
principles by burying them in a common political
grave. And now, sir, we are asked to abrogate
the compromise of 1850. Let those who say Penn-
sylvania would make one compromise to destroy
another keep in mind her history, or she will hold
them in fierce remembrance.
The recent attempt of her Senators to move
her from her moorings, will fail. If it were an
effort to mislead her honest people by the artful
contrivances under which politicians ordinarily
endeavor to screen their departure from princi-
ple, a short-lived, temporary success might be
possible; but when all disguises are thrown off,
and the naked, unveiled word of command isgiven
that they must not only abandon,their "feelings"
but their " principles," it will not be obeyed. No
hopes of gam, or fears of loss, will change the
determination of her people. You may setforth
in order all the past glories, the present blessings,
and future prospects of Union, on the one hand,
and on the other you may marshal the horrorsof
its violent rupture, and I say to you she will stili
refuse to set her seal to such a covenant as this.
There is nothing in the proposition which would
entitle it even to a respectful consideration but
the excellent character of its first mover. It is
nothing but a demand insisted on by a defeated
r political faction, that, since the people have refused
I to take their candidates, they shall take theirplat-
form, and put it in the Constitution, or they will
break up the Government.
I have been surprised, Mr. Speaker, to learn
that persons who profess a desire for a lasting
peace, for absolute immunity from all future strife
on this absorbing question of slavery, should be
foflnd the advocates of this project. Surely they
have not reflected much upon it. The honorable
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Corwin,] in the re-
marks which he made on bringing forward his
report, saw the dangers so clearly himself that
he simply said everybody knew what would be
the effect. I wish he had thought proper to say
more on that point. He elaborated upon the ab-
surdity of the apprehension which was supposed
