838
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 9,
te prejudice him against the people and Governor
of Ohio, growing out of the controversy for the.
surrender of criminals on the application of the
Governor of Virginia. I thought that was unfair
on the part of my colleague.
Mr. LEAKE. Will the gentleman permit me?
[Criesof "No!" "No!"and laughter.] The gen-
tleman's time can beextended. [Repeated shouts
of " No!" " No!" " Let him go on!" &c.]
Mr. SICKLES. No interference from any out-
sider.
Mr. CURTIS. I object to any other interrup-
tions.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
must not be interrupted. His five minutes are
running fast. [Laughter.]
Mr. HUTCHINS. I thought it hard! y fair or
patriotic on his part thus further to add fuel to
the flame of southern excitement, if the real ob-
ject of the gentleman was to preserve this Union
instead of endeavoring to destroy it; and there-
fore, I said that I thought, not from anything he
said, but from his conduct on this floor, that he
was willing to preserve the glorious Union if he
could do it by demoralizing and prejudicing the
Eublic mind against the Republican party, so that
e could aid in restoring his own party to power.
That was the reason I commented on his conduct.
I thought it was unfair.
I have made no attack on my other colleague,
[Mr. Corwin;] and if I did, he is abundantly
competent to defend himself, without the aid of
the gentleman. I criticized, to be sure, as I had
a right to do, some of the positions which he saw
fit to take in his report. I have denounced no-
body who may not agree with me in regard to
these matters. We have all a perfect right to
differ, and to differ as Republicans and friends of
the Union. Therefore, the gentleman [Mr. Cox]
can make no capital against me, either in my dis-
trict, or anywhere else, by charging me with an
attack on Governor Corwin.
The gentleman has made an attack upon Mr.
Giddings. He needs no defense from me. His
acts in this House for twenty years will stand
the test of criticism now and hereafter. Attacks
are frequently made upon him by members here;
and I will only say, that his name will be remem-
bered with gratitude when the names of those who
assail him are forgotten. I deny that he has coun-
tenanced insuirection on this floor or elsewhere.
Now, this is all that I desired to say. I am
willing that my constituents shall stand by then-
record, shall stand by their position. I will stand
by mine. I am in favor of the Union as it is, and
as our fathers gave it to us; but I do not think it
can be preserved by sacrificing those very prin-
ciples on which it is based. If the cause of liberty
is to be betrayed and crucified i n the year of grace
1861, I trust that there will not be found among
its apostles a betrayer and erncilier.
Mr. COX. The last remai k of the gentleman
shows just where he is. lie says he is for the
Union, but with an " if and and;" qualifying his
remark with the phrase that lie is only for the
Union, " if/i6cWybe not crucified." lie knows,
or ought to know, that the Union is the only
shield of liberty. Hut he means, if he means any-
thing, that, if there be power in the Government
to crush out slavery, either in the Territories or
in States, then he is for the Union; but lie is not
for it, if it does not give that power. He is not
for it, unless he can make it the instrument of his
fanaticism. I say that I am for the Union, with-
out qualification or condition, now and all the
time. I will do what the gentleman will not—
yield and compromise much for its salvation. The
gentleman said in his speech, a while ago, that 1
would be for the Union,provided the Republican
party should be crushed out. I do not know,
Mr. Speaker, but that it may be necessary to roll
the Juggernaut car over this Republican party to
save the Union; but I would even be willing to
give a lease of power for fifty years to that party,
if I could see that it would conduct the Govern-
ment on principles like those of my colleague,
[Mr. Corwin,] which would preserve the Union.
I would be willing to surrender party supremacy,
if thereby we could keep the old stars and stripes
floating over the national Congress. [Applause.]
Mr. Speaker, theie are various classes of Re-
publicans. The gentleman [Mr. Hetcuins] be-
longs to the worst of the Abolition wing; and well
may he defend his predecessor, Mr. Giddings.
That godless old man, after spending a public life
devoted to hate, ill will,and sedition, was retired
because he did one thing that was right—voted
for the Crittenden-Montgomery bill. He has
since been making up lor his loss of office by the
virulence of his spleen, and the outlawry of his
conduct. He has, as I have once shown here, in-
stigated servile insurrections; and now, at the end
of a misspent life, which is scarcely silvered by
a ray of benignity, he finds, as the consequence
of his teaching and conduct, a disrupted Union, a
terrified people, and the prospect of unending hate
and bloody strife. If there was mercy for the
thief upon the cross, there may be mercy for him.
God grant him repentance before he fills his dis-
honored grave ! But what a life lie has lived !
Ho talked the language of love to the black
race only to hide his hate for the white race who
people our southern States. He paraded human-
itarian phrases and took upon his profane hps the
name of God only to cloak his malice and sanc-
tify his hate. He has had, in specific wicked-
ness, many rivals; hut if we measure men's guilt
by the objects upon which they are bent, who
can tell the magnitude of that portentous crime
which causelessly dismembers to destroy the
American Republic ? As such a Republic has no
parallel, so such a criminal has no peer. But my
colleague praises lum and commends him to im-
mortal honor! Nero had a friend, who placed
immortelles upon his tomb, and the worst fiends
of the French revolution had their defenders after
death; but were this old man now dead,and thus
powerless in his party at home, even my colleague
would shrink from the task of.embalming his bad
memory. It will,after death, only bo remembered
to be cxccratcd. His late letters to my colleague
[Mr. Corwin] and his compatriot, Mr. Ewmg,
show that age, which so often reclaims the most
reprobate soul, has not withered, nor custom,
which so often tires of its baleful work, has not
staled, the infinite variety of his malice and his
madness. II istory, m its record of this great anti-
slavery sedition, and its consequent revolution,
will only picture the whiteness of his hair, to con-
trast it with the blackness of that purpose which
for years and years has pursued a ciusade whose
terrible consummation is upon us, in the crumb-
ling away of our States and the destruction oftheir
unity.
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Corwin j be-
longs to a different class of Republicans. He is
of that class with which 1 most agree in these
matters of conciliation for the Union. He has
reported a proposition in respect to the return of
fugitives fiom justice, which was 111 response to
a resolution that I tillered some time before, and
which is called for by a resolution offered within
a few days by a leading Republican member of
the Ohio Legislature. 1 am in favor of that meas-
ure <)t" the committee of thirty-three. But my
colleague [Mr. IIutciiins] attacks it. Why?
Because the United States judges, and not a Re-
publican Governor, will be then in the position to
take the John Browns and Oliver Browns and
Mernams out of his district, so that he cannot
thereafter get their votes.
I said that theie are several classes of Repub-
licans. There is a pious class; there is a cursing
class; there is a fighting class; and there is a
| patriotic class. The gentleman [Mr. Hotciiins]
j belongs to the pious class; they believe all they
i say. The doughty member fromOluo, [Mr. Asii-
j ley,]—who interfered so ungenerously to prevent
I me fiom replying—belongs to the cursing class.
! They do not believe anything, but profess just
j enough to get them into Congress. The lighting
ciass'aroveiy brave—in time of peace. I will not
name those who belong to this class. Then there
is another class, composed of those who have a
leaven of patriotic feeling. My colleagues [Messrs.
Corwin and Stanton] belong to this latter class.
Beit they have not the confidence of the body of
their party in Ohio. [A voice: "How do you
know that?''] How do I know it! Because your
party in com enlion, last year and the year before,
passed resolutions almost unanimously, that the
fugitive slave law wasunconstuutional,and should
not be executed,
Mr. HUTCHINS. Oh, no!
Mr. STANTON. Thegentleman does not state
the resolution correctly. Every member of the
committee that reported it agreed to that resolu-
tion.
Mr. COX. I could state the very words of it,
if it were necessary; and I have stated the mean-
ing and the substance of it. It declared that the
fugitive slave law was "subversive of both the
rights of the States and the liberties of the people,
and as contrary to the plainest duties of humanity
and justice,-and abhorrent to the moral sense of
the civilized world." Is the gentleman in favor
of executing an outrage upon the civilized world?
Yes, sir, his whole party are committed to the
demoralization of the Fedeial authority, not only
by such resolutions, but by judicial decision.
Why thegentleman himself [Mr. Stanton] voted
for trie chief justice of his State; and he knew,
and they all knew, that when he was nominated
and elected, the issuewas made upon thatjudge's
decision, overruling the decision of the Supreme
Court of the United States in favor of the consti-
tutionality of the fugitive slave law. Here is
where disunion begins. It begins at home, sir;
in your own State and in your own party and in
your own breast. Your party reelected a man
because he had nullified the Constitution; because
he had broken the oath which he had taken before
God, to support the Constitution of the United
States. The whole party in that vote (including
my colleagues) were guilty of moral treason.
[Applause in the galleries.]
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. STANTON. I should like very much to
have about five minutes to reply to my colleague.
[Cries of " Go on!" and " Object!"]
The SPEAKER. The question is on the mo-
tion to adjourn.
The motion was disagreed to.
Mr. STANTON obtained the floor.
Mr. BURNETT. I have no objection to the
gentleman going on for five minutes, if his col-
league [Mr. Cox] may have another five minutes
in reply. I want to see a fair fight, if this thing
is to go on. [Cries of " Agreed!"]
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I propose that my
friend from Kentucky [Mr. Burnett] shall be
designated to oppose him.
Mi. STANTON. I have heard that charge
from sundry gentlemen.
Mr. SICKLES. I desire to know, before the
gentleman from Ohio proceeds with his remarks,
whether it is understood that his colleague in
front of me [Mr. Cox] is to have the right to
reply. It is usual to allow an interval for fresh
training before a new combat; but we have entire
confidencc in our friend here. It must be under-
stood that he is to have the right to reply.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will execute any
understanding the House may see fit to make.
Mr. CAMPBELL. If it is understood, by
unanimous consent, that this is not to interfere
with mv right to the floor when the special ordel'
comes up on next Thursday, I will make no ob-
jection to giving each of these gentlemen five min-
utes. [Cries of " Agreed !" "Agreed!"]
No objection being made, five minutes was as-
signed each—to Mr. Stanton and Mr. Cox.
Mr. STANTON. I do not care myself, per-
sonally, anything about the remarks of my col-
league; but for tire sake of the truth of history,
and to prevent misrepresentation of the party to
which I belong, 1 desire to correct what has been
so often said here, as to myself and the chairman
of the committee of thirty-three not being repre-
sentative men of the Republican party.
Now, sir, I was a member of the committee that
reported the resolution to which my colleague has
so fiequently referred m debate upon this floor.
I concurred in that resolution then, and I concur
in it to-day. I hold a fugitive slave law which
authorizes the capture of freemen without the
slightest chance of trial, without a hearing before
any court or any officer known to the law, to be
an outrage upon civilization. I hold that doctrine
to-day; and I hold it to be the solemn duty of this
Congress, either in the form prescribed in the re-
port of the committee of thirty-three, or in some
other mode, to provide some guard against kid-
napping men without the power of ascertaining
whether they are slaves or not. That, sir, is the
doctrine of the Republican party of Ohio, my col-
league [Mr. Corwin] and myself included. There
is no controversy about it. The Republican party
of Ohio assumes the responsibility of that position
and that resolution, and are ready to stand upon
it and sustain it.
Now, Mr. Speaker, when we denounced that
