1861.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
36th Cong....2d Sess.
State of the Union—Mr. Stewart.
Ho . c® Reps s
I might also be permitted to make another re-
mark in this connection. When the President of
the United States, in the discharge of his official
duty, represented to Congress, at the commence-
ment of this session, that serious dangers existed
of a disruption of this Government, it became
right and proper that his recommendations should
be referred to a committee of this body. Whether
that should be a standing or a special committee,
involves no matter of principle. Propriety, per-
haps, would indicate that it ought to be referred
to a select committee—one specially charged with
the investigation of a subject of so mucli magni-
tude. If referred to one of the standing committees
it would clai m and receive hut a portion of their at-
tention. The legitimate duty of a standing com-
mittee requires perhaps the entire time that "they
are able to devote to that portion of their repre-
sentative duties. Therefore, I say, that as a mere
question of propriety, I adhere yet to the opinion
I entertained when I voted in favor of raising this
select committee; that it was the proper direction
to be given to the recommendation contained in
the message of the President.
Now, Mr. Speaker, what are the subjects re-
ferred to this committee? It is alleged that the
Governmentof these United States is about to be
broken up; that certain States'of this Union had
in contemplation to dissolve their connection with
the United States. They deemed that sufficient
causes had transpired to justify them in taking so
important a step as a dissolution of their connec-
tion with the national Government, and thus de-
stroy the Union of these States. This is an act
of great importance—one involving the history of
our Government, the destruction of our Govern-
ment, of the Constitution itself, and the States
which have grown to greatness under its protec-
tion .
This Government, Mr. Speaker, is one of a
peculiar character; it is of a mixed character; a
Government composed of Slates; a Government
composed of people; a Government of State gov-
ernments, which are considered sovereign in them-
selves. Hence, 111 order to arrive at a true solu-
tion of the postLion we occupy, it may not be
improper, to some extent, to analyze the struc-
tures of these differentgovernments. Much is said
in regard to the sovereignty of States This I con-
cede to a limited extent.
Something is said in regard to the sovereignty
of the Governmentof the United States; and this
I concede to a certain extent. But when we come
to speak of sovereignty in its absolute sense, we
have no governments which are, in themselves,
sovereign In the broad sense of the term, neither
the State governments nor the Federal Govern-
ment are sovereign. The governments of the
States are limited in their exercise of sovereign
powers by written constitutions. If they had no
written constitutions, if they had delegated no
powers to the National Government, then they
might be said to be, in the broad sense of the
term, sovereign States. But m the organization of
State governments, for the purpose of preventing \
the abuse of delegated powers to the officers who j
might happen to administer the government for I
the" time being, they imposed restraints in the j
form of written constitutions. Thus the powers 1
springing from the people—the only sovereign |
power in this Government—placed checks upon I
their governments by imposing upon them re- j
straints in the form of written constitutions. And i
for the purpose of a more perfect Union; for the
purpose of common defense, and for the general
welfare of all, the people composing the States
adopted tiie present Federal Constitution; and it
was deemed "proper and necessary to yield up cer-
tain of their rights to the National Government.
Those rights were withdrawn from the mass of
rights held and exercised by the people. They
were also withdrawn from their State govern-
ments, and vested in the national organization.
The Government thus formed is a Government
of granted powers, limited to the express grant
contained in the Constitution itself. Ill the State
governments their constitutions operate to prevent
the exercise of power which they might otherwise
exercise. But in the National Government the
Constitution vests powers; and when the officers
of that Government come to perform their func-
tions, they look to the National Constitution for
their warrantin the discharge of theirduties. But
when the officers of the State governments act, and
they desire to know to whatextent they may go,
they look to the Constitution for the limitation
which may be imposed upon them.
The Constitution of the United States was
formed for the purpose of securing a more perfect
Union of the States. It was an agreement by the
people of the States, who established the national
Government, that certain powers might be exer-
cised. They embodied this agreement of the
people of the United States, cementing it by a
bond, which is the'Constitution. But it is alleged
that this Constitution is not perpetually binding
upon the people of the United States; that any
considerable portion of the people of the United
States, when they become dissatisfied with their
connection with the national Government, shall
he at liberty, for causes sufficient in their judg-
ment, to withdraw, and thus absolve themselves
from all allegiance to the national Government
itself. This I take to be a heresy. There is no
provision in the Constitution itself which author-
izes any State, or the people of any State, to
withdraw from the Union at pleasure. There are
no causes specified.which will justify a secession
from the national Government.
Mr. SIMMS. I desire to ask the gentleman
one question. Is there any clause in the Consti-
tution which denies to a State the right to with-
draw; and if there is no such clause, and if there
is no clause in the Constitution which provides
for their withdrawal, does not that power exist
as one of the reserved or implied powers?
Mr. STEWART, of Pennsylvania. That is
another question. I concede that the right of rev-
olution is inherent always, and that it never can
be taken away; but the causes which justify rev-
olution are causes to which I will refer hereafter.
Mr. SIMMS. I will ask the gentleman one
more question, and he can answer it when he
comes tonotice thecausesof revolution. 1 would
like him to answer whether the people who are
interested in the causes of revolution have not
themselves a right to determine the sufficiency of
thosecauses; or whether people in other States,
.who are not interested, have a right to determine
it for them.
Mr. STEWART, of Pennsylvania. I think
that the right of revolution is a right which must
commend itself to the judgment of the whole civ-
ilized world; but no one can become a party to a
contract of any kind, and assume for himself the
right to judge when he shall be absolved from its
provisions. The Constitution itself makes no pro-
vision for its own termination. It makes provis-
ion for amendment, but not for dissolution. It
does not contain the elements of its own destruc-
tion. From the very nature and scope of the in-
strument itself, it was intended to be perpetual.
It was formed for the purpose of establishing a
more perfect Union than the Government of the
Confederation, which it supplanted and super-
seded. The motto is inscribed upon the Consti-
tution, esto perpetua. So far, then, as its perpet-
uity is concerned, it has all the elements in it to
show to the most infidel person the fact that it
was intended to exist thioughout all time. In
pursuance of this organization, the Government
has prospered for a period of almost three quar-
ters of a century. It has grown from thirteen
States to thirty-three ; from three million popula-
tion to thirty million.
The country has flourished in all the depart-
ments of industry. Our commerce and our man-
ufacturing and agricultural interests have grown
to an extent without parallel in the annals of time.
No Government on the face of the earth, ancient
or modern, has ever conferred the same amount
of benefits and blessings upon the citizens over
whom it operated. But, notwithstanding this,
differences have arisen; and those differences
threaten a destruction of this fair fabric of human
government. It is alleged by a portion of the peo-
ple of these States that sufficient causes have
transpired to warrant the apprehensions to which
the investigations of this committee were directed.
But, Mr. Speaker, in reply to the inquiry of the
gentleman from Kentucky, I would now say that
revolution is justified by acts of oppression which,
in the judgment of the civilized world, will war-
rant a destruction of the Government. But those
who allege this nrast show it. It is not to be in-
ferred. The onus of establishing this fact is thrown
upon those who desire to place themselves as a
justification upon acts of oppression when they
undertake to destroy the Government. What, I
ask, Mr. Speaker, is the mode by which they un-
dertake to do it, and what are the penalties which
follow from a failure to accomplish their under-
taking? They assume the responsibility of de-
cidingforthemselvesthatthe Government,instead
of being the beneficent Government that they set
up, has become an instrument of oppression, so
gross and so heavy that they are warranted in
violently withdrawing frorii connection "with it,
and opposing the Government from which they
have withdrawn. In doing so, they appeal to force
to accomplish their purpose. When they have
voluntarily assumed a place among confederate
States, and the peoplc.nave voluntarily formed a
constitution, they can only absolve themselves and
accomplish their independence, as they think, by
asserting the strong arm of power. This is the
penalty, and the only penalty. It then becomes
the Go vernmen t from which they secede to inquire,
and to inquire deliberately, and to ascertain care-
fully , whetherthe alleged causesjustify theground
they have assumed. This is the great proposi-
tion which addresses itself to the people of these
United States. Have these six States, that have
seceded, or attempted to secede, from the Gov-
ernment of the United States, just cause to sus-
tain them in the position they have assumed?
Now, sir, what are the charges of which they
complain ? In the first place, it is complained that
some of the free States hffve passed certain per-
sonal liberty bills which are offensive to them,
and which interfere with their right to recapture
fugitives from service. That is one point. Now,
Mr. Speaker, so far as the State which I have the
honor, in part, to represent, is concerned, I say
now that Pennsylvania, in this regard, has been
true to her constitutional obligations to the very
letter. There is no solitary instance on record
wherein the State of Pennsylvania has proved un-
faithful in the execution of the Federal law made
in pursuance of that provision of the Constitution.
At one time, after the case of Prigg vs. the Com-
monwealth of Pennsylvania had been judicially
decided, the State of Pennsylvania undertook to
make the provisions of her laws conform to the
doctrines contained in that decision. The acts
upon this subject were carefully drawn, with a
view to carry out the very principles ruled in
that case. They also passed a law for the pre-
vention of kidnapping—a provision of which is
to be found, I believe, on the statute-book of every
State in this Union, free and slave; at all events, it
is to be found on the statute-book of the State of
Maryland, our neighbor.
I say, then, Mr. Speaker, that the State of Penn-
sylvania has never enacted a law intentionally vio-
lative of a solitary provision of the Constitution,
or of the laws passed in pursuance thereof. When
fugitives from service have escaped into the State
ofPennsylvama,no obstructions have been placed
in the way of their recapture and return to their
masters by the authorities of Pennsylvania. This
has been the case, beyond all controversy; and
moreover, when rescues have been made,orwhen
the people have interfered to enable the fugitives
from service to escape from the parties claiming
them, in every instance, the persons so acting
have been prosecuted in our courts, and exem-
plary damages have been recovered to the full
value of the slaves, covering all the expenses in-
curred in the pursuit. This being so, I take it that
there is no cause of quarrel between the seceding
States and the State of Pennsylvania. But some-
thing has been said, in the course of this discus-
sion, about the personal liberty bill of Vermont—
a State very far North in this Confederacy, where
no fugitive from service ever fled, and where the
statute, even if it had been unconstitutional, or
calculated to frustrate the execution of the fugi-
tive slave law, never could have had any effect;
because it had nothing to act upon. Moreover,
we hear no complaint coming up from the States
of Delaware, Maryland, Virginia, Kentucky, or
Missouri, as to the non-execution of the fugitive
slave law. These States, if any, have a right to
complain. But when did the States of South Car-
olina, or Georgia, or Florida, or Louisiana, or
