256
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 19,
36th Cong....2d Sess.
8'late of the Union—Mr. Stewart.
Ho. of Reps.
any of these seceding States, fail to recapture fugi-
tive slaves by virtue of any law passed by State
authorities? In no one instance worthy of notice
have slaves escaped from those States, in which
their recapture was prevented by these laws.
Then, 1 say that there is no ground whatever for
this complaint.
Another cause of complaint is, that the free
States refuse to allow equal participation in the
Territories of the Government. Now that, I ap-
prehend, is not a serious cause of complaint. In
1820, the Territories of the country were divided
by a line running on the parallel of 36° 30'. Sla-
very was-allo wed to exist in all the territory south
of that line, and was prohibited in all the territory-
north of it. When that compromise was made,
this whole country was convulsed with the con-
troversy growing out of a division of the territory.
At that time the State of Pennsylvania, having a
Democratic Legislature and a Democratic Gover-
nor, by ajoint resolution, unanimously passed and
sanctioned by the Governor, requested her Rep-
resentatives in Congress and instructed her Sen-
ators to vote against the admission of Missouri
with a constitution toleratingorsecuring the insti-
tution of slavery. But, notwithstanding the strong
opposition which existed in the North to the adop-
tion of this compromise, it was forced upon the
country. True to our constitutional obligations
and guarantees, faithful in the observance of all
our duties, we submitted to that compromise, and
lived by it up till a very recent period. This
quieted the controversy growing out of the occu-
pation of the territory. But in 1850 a compromise
"was again entered into*, by which the subject was
placed without the Halls of Congress. The whole
subject of slavery was disposed of by the acts of
1850. All the territory worthy of occupancy was
secured by the provisions of those acts of compro-
mise; but in 1854, without a solitary petition from
the South j and against the. universal remonstrance'
of the people of the North, this compromise line
was icpealed and abrogated, thus raising the issue
again, restoring the bone of contention—a prolific
source of strife—to the Halls of Congress, and
forcing it on the attention of the American people.
Now, i say, Mr. Speaker, that, so far as the
agency of the North is concerned, I expressly dis-
claim and repel the allegation that it had anything
to do with the icncwal of the agitation, it was
brought upon us by the South. After they had
occupied all the territory lying south, they an-
nulled the compromise line, so as to permit sla-
very to go north of it.
In regard to the power of Congress over the
territory, there can be no question but that the
national Government or Congress possesses the
power to govern the territory. It is an inherent
power; a power incident to that of acquisition.
It is impossible to conceive the idea of ownership,
without comprising in it the principle of dominion;
the one is inseparable from the other. The na-
tional Government is the owner of the Territories,
and, therefore, has the power to control them.
The Government cannot exercise acts of owner-
ship otherwise than by the enactment of laws
conceding the power of the Government to acquire
territory; the power to govern it necessarily fol-
lows. If 1 were going to deny the right of the
Government to legislate for territory, I would deny
the right to acquire it; because there is no express
grant in the Constitution authorizing the acqui-
sition of territory. But it is too (ate now to ques-
tion the power of the national Government to ac-
quire territory, because it has been acting on the
idea from the organization of the Government to
the present time. Itwould be in vain,therefore,
to undertake to reverse this policy.
Another cause of complaint is, that popular
sentiment in the North is opposed to the institu-
tion of human slavery. I concede that it is so.
Frankness requires that admission to be made.
A large majority of the people of the North do
entertain opinions hostile to the institution of sla-
very. Many of them believe that it is morally
wrong—that no right exists by which one man
can own another as a slave. Many more object
that, in an economical point of view, it is bad pol-
icy—thatitprevents progress in material improve-
ment, in wealth, intelligence, refinement, and in
aljthat goes to make a people great and good.
Bat xw constitutional pro visions can change the I
opinions of men on moral subjects or on ques-
tions of political economy. You must approach
them by reason. If they are in error, you must
leave reason free to combat it. It is impossible,
by any constitutional provision or any legislative
enactment, to change public sentiment on moral
or political questions. But that can be no just
cause of complaint. There is nothing in the sen-
timent of our people favorable to an interference
with the people of the States where slavery ex-
ists. They have a right to hold their slaves, with-
out molestation from the people of the North.
They do not claim a right to -interfere with sla-
very in the States where it exists; but leave the
people of those States to do with it as they may
deem best. Evil as they believe slavery to be,
injurious as they believe it to be, they are willing
to concede that the evil is not to li>e attributed
alone to the people among whom it now exists.
They are willing to concede that, by the policy
of the Government, the slave traffic was permitted
for thirty years after we had achieved our inde-
pendence; and that thus Africans were brought
mto the country, by which the slave population
has now increased to four million. They are an
inferior people. They are degraded. They lack
intelligence. Perhaps they lack the powerof pro-
viding for themselves. If the peopleof the North
had the power now to relieve the slaves of their
shackles, they would not have the courage to do
it until elevated and improved individually and so-
cially. There is no political party, north or south,
no party that votes at elections and has Repre-
sentatives on this floor, which ever entertained
the idea that they had a right, under the present
Constitution, to interfere with slavery in the
States where it exists. Not one. There is, it is
true, a class of Abolitionists, who never take part
in political elections. They contend that the Con-
stitution of the United States is a covenant with
death and an agreement with hell. They have no
political status. * They are not represented in any
branch of the national Government.
There is another class which is very small in
numbers who hold the doctrine, that the Consti-
tution of the United States is an anti-slavery doc-
ument; that under its provisions the national
Government have the right to abolish slavery in*
the States. Butthcyarc not represented hero; they
do not vote for the candidates of the Republi-
can party; they may vote for a gentleman who
resides in the State of New York. He may be
able to gather around him, in a population of per-
haps four million, probably one thousand voters;
but they are not represented here; they have no
voice in the councils of the nation; they have no
political status; and therefore it is that I say the
complaints that are made, so far as the influence
of that class of persons is concerned, have no
foundation. The great Republican party which
now represents the political power of the north-
ern States, now passing away from the Demo-
cratic party, repudiate any construction of the
Constitution of the United States which will allow
any interference with the institution of slavery in
the States by any power outside the States them-
selves.
Now, Mr. Speaker, these are the complaints
which aie made, and these are the causes upon
which they rest, as the justification for the great-
est enormity which was ever attempted by any
people: I mean the destruction of this great Gov-
ernment—this Government which confers the
largest amount of personal liberty consistent with
the common security, which confers upon every
citizen almost natural liberty, which secures him
in the enjoyment of all his rights—I say, upon
this trifling basis and false pretexts, this great
Government is attempted to be prostiated.
Sir, what are the true causes of complaint?
From the beginning of this Government to the
present time, there has been no check and no
limit to the means, the desperate moans, employed
by unbridled ambition. Men'who become ambi-
tious of power will resort to means, and desperate
means, in order to accomplish their purposes.
This I assert to be true; because it is precisely
such a movement which now threatens the peace
and stability of the Government. Men who have
held high positions, and who are ambitious to
ascend in respect to pecuniary opulence and po-
litical fame to the apex of power in this Govern-
ment, and who have been disappointed in their
expectations and ambitious purposes, not being
able to rule the country, are determined to de-
stroy it.
Now, this I take, Mr. Speaker, to be the true
cause of all the evils that distract this country.
Men who entered, within one short year, into a
contest to be decided by the popular opinion, by
the majority of the voices of this great people—
the only arbiter of political differences, when they
arise—who entered into that contest pledging
themselves, as strongly as honorable men coula
pledge themselves, that they would abide by the
issue; and these men>notwithstanding they exer-
cised all their power and energy, and used every
influence, perhaps fair or foul, as politicians some-
timeado,to secure the expression of popular will
in their favor, yet, after failing to do so, say to the
country thatthey will sever their connection with
the Confederacy and destroy the Government.
That, Mr. Speaker, I take to be the real complaint
and the chief cause of our difficulty. Another cause
connected closely with it, is the general demoral-
ization that exists. Men, when they becomc am-
bitious of power, when they become ambitious of
pecuniary acquisitions, resort to means which fre-
quently result in general demoralization. Mr.
Speaker, I take it that this Government has been
corruptly administered. I arrive at that conclu-
sion from the fact that the expenditures which
have been incurred by the Government within the
last few years, have swollen to such an enormous
amount that it is conclusive evidence to an intelli-
gent public that the officers of this Government
have been unfaithful to the trust reposed m them.
They have lavished the means of the Government
upon party favorites for improper purposes, until
they have corrupted the whole political stream
which flows through this great country. What
do we find disclosed by the committees of investi-
gation which has been raised in this House? That
the highest officers of the Government have actu-
ally prostituted their power, and prostituted the
money of the Government, to carry on schemes
for political purposes, and for their own aggran-
dizement. This is another cause. Our institu-
tions are based upon the intelligence and upon the
virtue of the people, and whatever saps the virtue
of the people, sans the very foundation upon
which our Government rests; and when we find
men holding hi h public positions willing to pros-
titute those positionsforimproporpurposes,will-
ing to take money or Government patronage for
the purpose of controlling the opinions of the peo-
ple, the tendency must necessarily be to pioduce
a state of general demoralization.
Now, in regard to another matter, I take it that
the cotcmporaneous construction of the Constitu-
tion proves beyond all doubt that it was intended
as an instrument possessing within itself the power
to preserve itself to all time. We find that, as
early as 1792, under the very first Administra-
tion, the Congi ess of the United States passed an
act, winch was approved by General Washing- '
ton, vesting power in the President of the United
States to prevent the uprising of the people to re-
sist the power of the national Government. I now
refer to the second scction of that act:
u That ■whenever the laws of the United States shall be
opposed, or the execution theieot obstructed, m any State,
by combinations too poweiful to be suppressed by the ordi-
nary eour.se of judicial proceedings, or by the powei vested
m the maithals by this net, the same bemg notified to the
Piesuient of the United State* by an associate justice or the
distuct judge, it shall be lawful for the President ot ttie
United States to call for the militia of such State to sup-
press sneh eomhinaiions, and to cause the law-3 to be duly
executed ; and U the militia of a State where such combi-
nations existshall refuse or be insufficient to suppiess the
same, it shall be lawful for the Piosident, if the Legislature
be not in session, to call forth and employ such numbers
of the mihtia of any other State 01 States most convenient
theieto, as> may be neces&aiy; and the use ot" mthtia so
called foith may be continued, if neee^ary, until the expi-
ration of thuty days at tei the commencement of the ensu-
ing session."
Now, sir, this act expired by its own limitation
in two years after it was passed, but it proved
that the very persons who participated in the for-
mation of the Constitution itself, recognized the
power of suppressing any uprising of the people
to resist the execution of the laws.
We find that this power was again asserted by
a Congress which convened a few years later.
In 1795, an act was passed broader in its terms
