1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
§41
sions, to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No.
666) for the relief of William Sutton, reported it
without amendment, with a recommendation that
it pass.
Mr. THOMSON, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No.
390) for the relief of Stephen Bunnell, reported it
with an amendment.
Mr. HALE. The Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads, to whom was referred the peti-
tion of Daniel B. Hihbard, praying compensation
for his services in transporting the United States
mail between the villages of St. John 'sand Lyons,
in the State of Michigan, under his agreement
with the deputy postmaster at St. John's, have
instructed me to report a bill in his behalf, and to
ask for its present consideration. I will state that
this matter was referred to the committee some
two years ago, and a report was made in favor of
giving him §800 by the committee, when Mr.
Yulee was chairman, and by accident it was mis-
laid. The report is two years old. The bill only
gives him $800; and I ask for its immediate con-
sideration.
The bill (S. No. 561) for the relief of Daniel B.
Hibbard was read, and passed to a second read-
ing.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill will
have its second reading, if there be no objection.
Mr. BINGHAM and others objected.
TERRITORY OP NEVADA.
Mr. LATHAM. I present two memorials,
signed by between eight and ten thousand people
from Carson Valley, commonly known as the
Washoe diggings, praying Congress for the es-
tablishment of a territorial government. The
memorial is a very short one, and the parties have
gone to a great deal of expense in getting it before
Congress; and I ask that it be read.
The Secretary read, as follows:
To the Senate and
House of Representatives of the United States:
Your petiuoneis, residents of western Utah, in the pro-
posed new Teiritory of Nevada, would respectfully repre-
sent:
That they are greatly in need of a separate territorial
government; that they are sepaiated fioihGieat Salt Lake,
the capital of Utah, by over six hundred miles of descit and
wilderness, inhabited only by unfriendly Indians; that it is
impossible to enforce the laws of Utah, on aecouut of the
distance and country through which prisoners must be
transported to the penitentialy, and because of the un-
friendly legislation of the Moimon people, who are enemies
to our prosperity, and also because they deny us a .just rep-
resentation, and refuse to give us any voice in making the
laws; that notwithstanding the best efforts ot the presiding
judges and officers of the law and your petitioners, we aie,
and must he, until Congress shall grant ielief,in a deplora-
ble state of anaiehy; that our pi esent population is not
than fifteen thousand, although the ceiiMis returns do not
show that number, from the fact that a large portion of our
citizons were absent at the time the census was taken, on
account of the Indian war which exited in the caily pait
of the summer, and beside:*, the emigration dimng the last
four months has neaily doubled the population; that the
extent and richness ot our mines are so great, that wo fear
it would destroy confidence m our veiacity if wc should
state the whole truth in regard to them. The fact that Un-
people of California have invested over ten million dollars
in mines and mining operations m this country, must sat-
isfy all that tbey at least appreciate, to home extent, our
mineral lesourees, as compared with California. That not-
withstanding the want of confidence which is universally
felt in new discoveries, the &nowy mountains which sep-
arate us from California, the severity ot last winter, the
Indian wai last summer, and, worse than all, want of pioper
government, our progress in the development oi the coun-
try lias been constant and rapid. Town* aie spunking up
in every direction ; among the most prominent are Virginia
and Cat son cities, Gold Hill, Silver City, Genoa, Washoe
Valley, Steamboat, and Esmeralda, and m mon ot these are
large and substantial stone and buck buildings. The popu-
lation is computed of pcimanent Rodents-. and a large
number of families, with not less than $2,000,000 of capital
employed m trade. That during the hibt fcunnnei and lull,
there have been erected, and are nowm operation, sixteen
quartz-mills and twenty saw-mills, at an expense of neaily
two million dollars. These mills furnish employment ioi
not less than one thousand laboreis. and the building of
quartz-mill^ has but just commenced, and the saw-mills
now erected are unable to supplj the mat kct. That we have
a large extent of agiieultural lands, which arc being inclosed
and brought into a Ptatt* of subicction and cultivation : that
the lesourcesof this Territory, agricultural and mineral,
are abundantly sufficient to suppoi t th e population of a las ge
(State.
Your petitioner* would further rnpiesent that they are a
law-abiding and Union-loving people, and aie not inter-
ested in any attract question about the institution of sla-
very, but de^iie to be piotectcd in then lives and property;
which can never be effected m out isolated condition with-
out a separate terntonal oicani/.ation.
Yruir petitioners theiefoie piav thai Congress will grant
relief bypassing the bills now pending for the organization
of the Temtory of Nevada; and your petitioners will ever
pray, as in duty bound.
Mr. LATHAM. I move that the memorials
be referred to the Committee on Territories
The motion was agreed to.
DUVALL AND BROTHER.
Mr. BRAGG. The Committee on Claims, to
whom was referred the joint resolution (H. R.
No. 57) for the benefit of Duvall & Brother, have
instructed me to report it back with a recommenda-
tion that it pass; and I ask the Senate to put the
joint resolution on its passage now. It is a House
resolution, which appropriates §118 only. The
committee were unanimous that it ought to pass.
It is merely to carry into effect a previous reso-
lution for the payment of these gentlemen; but
owing to their names not having been contained
in that resolution, as it ought to have been, it
failed to effect the purpose which Congress had
in view. I ask for the passage of the joint reso-
lution now.
The joint resolution (H.R. No. 57) for the ben-
efit of Duval & Brother, was considered as in
Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to direct the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to pay to Duvall & Brother, merchant tai-
lors in the city of Washington, assignees of R. A.
Davidge, the amount of money appropriated for
the benefit of Davidge by an act of Congress ap-
proved February 18, 1859.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate, ordered to a third reading, read the third time,
and passed.
APPEAL IN COPYRIGHT CASES.
Mr. BAYARD. The Committee on the Judi-
ciary, to whom was recommitted the bill (H. R.
No. 554) to extend the right of appeal from decis-
ions of circuit courts to the Supreme Court of the
United Slates, have instructed me to report it back,
with an alteration of the amendments adopted by
the Senate, which arc the same in substance, but
render the language more precise. I ask for the
present consideration of it, because it is a bill that
affects the right of a great many individuals, and it
will not take two minutes to pass it. It is only an
alteration of the phraseology as regards theamend-
ments which the Senate have already adopted in
substance. If the Senate take it up, I move to j
reconsidsr the second and third amendments, in :
order to put them in another form. The first j
stands.
The Senate proceeded to consider the bill; and
the vote adopting the second and third amend-
ments was reconsidered.
Mr. BAYARD. I move the adoption of the
amendments now reported.
The Secretary read the amendments.
The second amendment was, after the word
" writings," in the tenth line, to insert the words
" or to inventors, the exclusive right to their in-
ventions or discoveries;" so that the clause will
read:
That from all judgments and decrees of any ciicuit court
lendeied in any action, suit, controversy, or case, at law or
in equity, arising undei any law of the United States grant-
ing or coiifiiming to authois the exclusive light to theiric-
spective wilting, or to inventors the exclusive light to their
inventions or discoveries.
The amendment was agreed to
The next amendment was after the word(' lie,"
in the twelfth line, to insert the words " at the
instance of either party," so that the clause will
read:
A writ of error or appeal, as the case may require, shall
he at the instance of either party.
The amendment was agreed to.
- The next amendment was to strike out all after
the word "courts,"in the fifteenth line,andinsert
" without regard to the sum or value in contro-
versy in the action;" so as to read:
In the same mannei and under the same cireum^tanccs
as is now provided by law m other judgments and decrees
of such eiieuit courts, without regard to the sum oi value
m controveifey in the action.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BAYARD. These are all the amendments-.
I will state that the only effect of the bill, as now
amended, is to place applications arising under
the laws of copyright and the laws m reference to
patents on the same footing, in regard to the right
of appeal; and it gives no further right than this:
that it dispenses with the limitation of the amount
or sum in controversy, as regards the appeal to
the Supreme Court. That is the extent of it.
The bill was passed.
EXTRADITION CASE.
Mr. GREEN. I offer the following resolution,
and ask for its present consideration. I hope there -
will be no objection to it:
Resolved? That the President of the United States be re-
quested, if not incompatible with the public interest, to
communicate to the Senate a copy of any correspondence
which may have taken place between this Government and
that of hev Britannic Majesty, and of any dispatches which
may have been received from the United States Minister at
London, lelative to the extradition of one Ander&on, a naan
ot color, charged with the commission of the crime of mur-
der in the State of Missouri.
Mr. SUMNER. Let it He over.
Mr. GREEN. I shall call it up at the earliest
day possible, and see who will then object.
Mn SUMNER subsequently withdrew his
objection; and the resolution was agreed to.
INDIANA AND ILLINOIS TWO PER CENT. FUND.
Mr. FITCH. There is a bill on the Vice Pres-
ident's desk, from the House of Representatives,
No. 103, which I desire to call up with a view of
having it referred with instructions. It is a matter
of some importance, both to the Government and
the State of Indiana.
There being no objection, the bill (H. R. No.
103) authorizing the payment of the two per cent,
land fund, to which the States of Illinois and In-
diana are entitled for road purposes, to said States,
was read the first and second times by its title.
Mr. FITCH. I desire to make a brief state-
ment of the reasons for the instructions which I
shall presently move. The two per cent, fund due
the State of Indiana has, it appears, been applied
usually by the United States Government to the
payment of interest on certain Indiana bonds,
which the Governmentholds in trust for Indians;
interest otherwise unpaid by the State. A mis-
understanding appears to exist between the State
and the General Government in relation to the
liability of the former on these bonds. Some two
or three years since the Department of the Interior
called my attention to the condition in which these
bonds then were, and subsequently have been.
The State has neglccted or refused to pay the in-
terest. The Secretary of the Interior inclosed to
me one of the bonds as a specimen of its class,
desiring me to open a correspondence with our
State authorities on the subject of the why and
wherefore of the non-payment of the interest.
I inclosed either the bond or a description of it—
i the length of time which has intervened prevents
j me from now recollcctingwhich—to the Governor
j of Indiana, asking the information desired by the
| Department. The answer was, as I had antici-
pated, that the bonds were of a class which the
State supposed it had retired by what is known
in Indiana as the Butler bill—a bill by which the
State proposed to surrender the Wabash and Erie
canal to the holders of these bonds; that due notice
having been given to the holders to come forward
and surrender the bonds, and take certificates of
stock in the canal in part payment, and other
bonds for the remainder; and the United States
had neglected to do this, had no claim. I de-
sire to move areference ofthis bill to the Commit-
teeon the Judiciary,with the instructions which I
send to the Clerk's desk. If the State is liable,
I have no idea that it desires to repudiate that
liability; if it is not liable, the want* of liability
should be acknowledged, and the bonds surren-
dered.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The hour for
the special order has arrived.
Mr. FITCH. I ask for a moment's suspen-
sion of the special order, that this bill may be
referred with instructions.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. By unanimous
conscnt, the special oider will be passed over for
the time being. The Chair hears no objection.
The instructions proposed by the Senator from
Indiana will be read.
The Secretary read, as follows:
Ordered, That the bill (II. R. No. 303) authorizing the
payment of the two pur centum land tund, to which the
States of Illinois and Indiana arc entitled for land purposes,
to '•aid States, be referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciaiy, Vv'ith instructions to report whether the State of In-
diana is responsible lor ceitam of its bonds, principal and
mtere>t, held by the Inti noi Deputment in trust tor ceitam
Indians; and if responsible, to so amend the bill as to direct
the Secietarv of the Interior to arrange with the State a
settlement oi the said bonds.
Mr. FITCH. Doubtless this arrangement
would have been made at the time of the transfer
of the canal, but for the fact that no officer of the
