842
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 11,
Government was authorized by Congress to make
the arrangement; and now the question is, whether
under the circumstances the State is liable or not.
I destre a report upon that question from the Ju-
diciary Committee.
Mr. TRUMBULL rose.
Mr. FITCH. The Senator from Illinois will
perceive that it does not affect the two per centum
due his State one way or the other.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope the Senator from
Indiana will not persist in having that matter set-
tled upon this bill. I am aware that it does not
affect the two per cent, fund so far as it applies
to Illinois; but it brings up a controversy about
a disputed point that really ought not to be at-
tached to tins bill. I have no objection to a res-
olution going to the Judioiary Committee instruct-
ing them to inquire, and give their opinion, as to
the'liability of Indiana on the bonds which the
gentleman has indicated; but his present motion
will evidently delay this bill; and probably, at
this stage of the session, will be the means of its
defeat. If the Senator will put in his instructions
as a resolution to the committee, instead of tying
up this bill with it, I shall have no sort of objec- j
tion; but the effect will be, I very much appre- j
hend, to deky the bill in getting this investiga- i
tion, §o that we shall have no action upon it at
this session.
Mr. FITCH. The Senator will see, if he reads
the bill, that any instruction of this kind to the
Judiciary Committee will not prevent the payment
of this money on the part of the General Govern-
ment to the State of Illinois. The directions of the
bill are imperative, to pay the money over to the
States; andof course the controversy that has been
going on for years between the Indiana State au-
thorities and the United States will be terminated
somewhat summarily, and perhaps to the preju-
dice of the latter; as its authorities, if they tespcct
the law, will be compelled to pay the money over
to Indiana, whethertheState be liable in the bonds
or not, and without any decision of thatquestion.
1 desire that question to b*j settled. If Indiana is
liable on the bonds, let us known; and if not lia-
ble, pay over this two per cent, without further
controversy.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Indiana, to
refer this bill to the Committee on the Judiciary,
with the instructions proposed by him.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. FITCH subsequently said: I desire unan-
imous consent to so amend my instructions as to
permit the Judiciary Committee to either amend
this bill,orto report anew one,requiring the Sec-
retary of the Interior to make the settlement with
Indiana. With such discretion, the committee's
report will not interfere with any just rights of
Illinois. [" No objection."]
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there be no
objection, the modification suggested by the Sen-
ator from Indmnawill be made. The Chair hears
no objection.
MESSAGE FROM TIIIO HOUSIC.
A message from the Uou.se of Representatives,
by Mr. Forney, its Clerk, announced that the
House had passed the following bills of the Sen-
ate:
A bill (No. Ill) for the relief of A. II. Palmer;
and
A bill (No. 531) to change the name of the
schooner Augusta to Colonel Cook.
The message furtherannounced that the House
has passed the following bills; in which the con-
currence of the Senate was requested:
A bill (No. 98S) for the relief of Susan Bayard,
widow of A. W. Bayard, an invalid soldier of the
war of 1812: and
A bill (No. 990) for the relief of the legal rep-
resentatives of Betsey Nash.
LEGISLATIVE, ETC., APPROPRIATION BILL.
The message further announced that the House
had agreed to some, and disagreed to other, amend-
ments of the Senate to the bill (H. R. No. 892)
making appropriations for the legislative, execu-
tive,and judicial cxpensesof the Government for
the year ending June 30,186*3.
CONSULAIt AND DIPLOMATIC BILL.
The message fui ther announced that the House
had agreed to the iir&t, secondjtinrd, fourth,fifth,
and sixth amendments of the Senate u> the bill
(H. R. No. 864) making appropriations for the
consular and diplomatic expenses of the Govern-
ment for the year ending June 30, I8G2, and had
agreed to the seventh amendment of the Senate
to the said bill, with an amendment,in which the
concurrence of the Senate was requested.
ORDER OP BUSINESS.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The hour for
the special order has arrived, and it must be taken
up, unless the Senate direct otherwise.
Mr. PEARCE. I ask the Senate to take up
the special order.
Mr. WILSON. "What is the special order?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The special
order is the message of the President communi-
cating to the Senate a series of resolutions adopted
by the Legislature of Virginia, which was ap-
pointed for one o'clock to-day; but the unfinished
business of Saturday last takes precedence, which
is the bill (H. R. No. 914) making appropria-
tions for the naval service for the year ending the
30th of June, 1862.
Mr. WILSON. On the question of the mes-
sage, I had the floor for one o'clock to-day; but
I have been urged to yield that point for the pur-
pose of allowing the appronriatjon bills and the
tariff bill to be considered. These are important,
and I suppose the country will survive a few days
without hearing from me. I move that themes-
sage of the President be postponed until Thurs-
day next at one o'clock, and made the special
order for that time.
Several Senators. Say Wednesday.
Mr.WILSON. Wednesday,!understand,will
be taken up with counting the votes for President
and Vice President; and to-day and to-morrow
can be devoted to the consideration of these meas-
ures—practical and important measures. On
Thmsuay, 1 should like to have the floor for the
purpose of saying a word on the subject of the
message.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Massachu-
setts to pospone the message of the President,
and make it the special order for Thuisday next
at one o'clock. «
The motion was agreed to. V j
DEFICIENCY iilll. *
Mr. GWIN. I desire now to call up the defi-
ciency bill. On Satuiday la.st I made a leport
from the committee of confeience, which was un-
able to agree with the House committee; and I
moved that the Senate further insist on its amend-
ments, and ask for another conference. It was
then objected to by theSenator from New Hamp-
shire, [Mr. Hale;] but 1 believe he withdraws
his objection, and I presume there will he no ob-
jection to the motion now.
The motion was agreed to. So it was
Resolvrrf, That the Senate funher insist upon its dna-
gicement lo the amendments of the Iloine ot I'eptcpcnta-
tivcf to ttie amendment* of the Senate to flic hil! H. R. No.
8fi(>; and upon its amendments to the said bill di^igreed to
hy the Iloiw ; and ili.it the Hcuatr a^k a fuuh'N comeicnce
on the disagreeing votes ot the two House-, theieon.
On motion of Mr. GWIN, it was
Oulrrnl. That the committee of confeience on lite parr
of the Senate he appointed hy the Vice I'roiderit.
Mr. Pearce, Mr. Bic.lf.n.saml Mr.Clark, were
appointed.
A message was afterwards received from the
House of IlopresenfaUves, announcing that the
House further insisted upon its amendments to
certain amendments of the Senate to the bill (H.
R. No. bGG) to supply deficiencies in the appro-
priations for the bervice of the fiscal year ending
the 30th of June, 3861, disagreed to by the Sen-
ate, and upon its disagreement to certain other
amendments of the Senate to 1 he snid bill, insisted
on by the Senate, and agreed to the further con-
ference asked by the Senate upon the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses thereon, and appointed
Mr. Daniel E. Sickles of New York, Mr. J...
II. Campbell of Pennsylvania, and Mr. Cyrus
Aldrjch of Minnesota, managers at the same on
the pan of the House.
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. R. No.
i)J4) making appropriations for the naval service
for the year ending the 30th of June, 1862, which
had been leported from the Committee on Finance
with amendments. The first amendment of the
committee was to strike outfrom lines seventy-five
to seventy-eight inclusive, in the following words:
" For the purchase of the right to use in the United States
Navy, on steamships and piopeiiers, a governor to a marine
steam-engim*, provided the Secretaiyot the Navy may deem
it expedient, ,$25,000."
And to insert in lieu thereof:
For the purchase of the right to use in the United States
Navy, on steamships and piopeiiers, in navy-yards, oroth-
erwise, whenever the Government of the United States
may choose lo use the same, Saieeant's steam-engine gov-
ernor, $15,000 : Provided, The Secretary of the Navy shall
consider it expedient.
Mr. HALE. Before "the vote is taken on that
amendment, I desire to say that the subject was
considered in the Committee on Naval Affairs,
and they recommend the Senate to make the ap-
propriation $10,000, instead of $15,000. I move to
amend the amendment by striking out " $15,000,"
and inserting "$10,000."
Mr. PEARCE. I have no objection to that.
It is a matter of opinion as to what it is worth.
The Committee on Finance have reduced the
amount fiom $25,000 to $15,000, and if the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs recommend a reduction
of that amount to $10,000, I have no objection.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to inquire
of the Senator from New Hampshire, whether the
Committee on Naval Affairs have investigated the
subject and satisfied themselves that that sum
would be sufficient. If so, of course we shall be
glad to have it stricken down.
Mr. HALE. I wish to say that this matter
was considered in the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs, arid it was with very great reluctance that
the committee agreed to the amendment at all;
because it was thought to bo a departure from the
common principle that has been adopted against
inserting anybody's name in a proposition. But
they concluded to leave Mr. Sargeant's name in,
upon the ground that he was a meritorious young
man, and had devoted a good deal of time to this
invention; and was more solicitous for its adop-
tion in the Navy than the sum he should receive.
The committee were perfectly satisfied that $10,000
would be amply sufficient.
Mr. GRIMES. There are several of these
governors. So far as the experiments have gone,
this governor of Mr. Sargeant's is the best, prob-
ably, for sea-going vessels. But it has only been
tried upon one vessel belonging to the United
States, and there is no evidence that it has been
tried upon any other vessel than upon the Pow-
hattnn. It may be that in a heavy sea wave it
may not perform as well upon other vessels as it
did upon that. But the committee thought Mr.
Sargeant could afford to take $10,000 for the ex-
periment of the invention he has made; and it was
possible that by another year another governor
would come up that would be still more valuable.
We thought, at any rate, that the experiments
had not gone far enough, thus far, to justify us in
paying any exorbitant sum for it; for it has been
only upon one vessel. It is true, it has been tried
at the navy-yard on a stationary engine; but it
worked no better than Silver's governor. It has
be.mi ascertained, however, by the trial on the
Powhdttan, that at sea it worked better than Sil-
ver's or any of these other governors. That is
the reason that induced the Committee on Naval
Affairs tr> agree to this proposition.
Mr. PEARCE. Tins appropriation was in-
seited by the llouse of Repicsentatives. The
Senate Committee on Finance have amended it
by making the phraseology better, so that the
Government will have the right to use this gov-
ernor, not only on steam "vessels belonging to the
Navy, but also on steam-engines in navy-yards,
and wheresoever the United States may have oc-
casion to use it; so that it covers a larger right
than was originally provided for by the bill as it
came from the House. A reduction m the amount
we thought was necessary; for the amount in the
bill originally was entirely too large; but we were
satisfied fiom our observation, that this governor
was a very important improvement in addition to
the steam-cngme. 1 examined it for myself. I
saw the construction of it. It is exceedingly
simple, and the operation ofit instantaneous. The
object of it is to keep the motion of the engine
equable in a heavy sea wave, and that it docs
without any possibility,apparently,of its getting
out of oider, or failing to perform the service.
Tiie Secretary of the Navy referred to a Navy
board, in December, 185H, the examination of
