258
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 26,
36th Cong .... 2d Sess .
Force Bill—Mr, Burnett.
Ho. of Reps,
fancy in the assertion that the passage of this bill
means war on the slavcholding skates, and that it
can mean nothing else. That gentleman said the
principles of this bill had been spread upon our
statute-books since 1792. This is an error in point
of fact or construction. No act, like this under
consideration, has ever received the sanction of
an American Congress, or of any American Ex-
ecutive. It contains leading principles which have
appeared in no other law, especially upon the sub-
ject of calling out the militia of the several States.
It is by these hew principles it must be character-
ized, and should be condemned.
The men who framed the Constitution neither
authorized nor contemplated the use of the mili-
tary power of this Government except in subor-
dination to the civil authority. The history of
the Constitu tion, the language of the Constitution,
the proceedings of the first Congress, abundantly
prove the fact I state; but especially is that fact
salient when it refers to the power of this Gov-
ernment over the militia of the States. If gen-
tlemen wilt refer to the debates of the Virginia
convention, when that body was engaged in the
discussion of the Federal Constitution, they will
see that when the clause authorizing a call upon
the militia of the States to suppress insurrection
and to repel invasion was under consideration,
Patrick Henry assailed it upon the ground that
it might be so perverted as to enable the Federal Gov-
ernment to make war upon the States, and to call out
the militia to commit hostilities upon the people of
the several States. Mr. Madison repelled thisid'ea.
He said emphatically that this power could only
be used in subordination to the civil authority. He
instanced the case m which it had been necessary
to call out the.militia of Virginia to break down
a band of smugglers near Alexandria. In this
discussion,Mr.Madison used an illustrationmost"
apposite to the case which calls forth this bill.
He said, in the event that a State were disposed to
renounce its allegiance to the Federal Government,
this clause of the Constitution was so restrictive that
it would afford a bjiotection to the people who might
take that course. When a proposition was made
to authorize the Federal Government to make war
upon a State, if necessary to the enforcement of
the Federal laws, the convention which framed
the Constitution expressly denied such power.
The law which was passed by the first Con-
gress—the law of 1792—was framed by men who
made the Constitution. It was wise. It provides
for calling forth the militia in aid of the laws of
the United States, only when the President shall
be notified by a district judge that their execu-
tion is opposed, in a State, by a combination too
powerful to be suppressed by the force at the
command of the marshal. What is that foice?
The posse camitatus—the force of civil society.
"When that is too weak, then civil functionaries
may call for aid, but not until then. The Presi-
dent must then call first upon the militia of the
State, and cannot call on the militia of any other
State than that in which the combination makes
front, unless the militia of that State refuse to obey
orders. But this law expired by its own limita-
tion; and besides.it was repealed in 1795, the noti-
ficationtothe President by the district judge being
dispensed with. The principle was' preserved,
namely, that until the civil power is exhausted,
the. military arm of Government does not come
into action; and, when it is invoked, it acts c)nly
so longas the exigency exists which requited the
civic authority to summon its aid to the due exe-
cution of the civic function, to which Us subordi-
nation is ever to be observed.
To authorize a call upon the militia by the Pres-
ident, in order to execute the laws in a State, these
conditions are necessary:
J. It must he to assist the civil power to cxecate
a law oj the United Slates.
3. It must be only when the civil power, after
attempting to execute it, and failing, has exhausted
the power of themarshal, which is exactly the power
of a sheriff in a county. |
3. It must be when such a law is obstructed by
a combination too powerful for the posse comitatus.
The act of 1807 authorizes the President to use
the land and naval forces of the United States in
-pll cases where it would be lawful for him to call
fi)rth the militia, and for the same purposes. Are
not these grants of power sufficient1
The bill now before the House proposes an ex-
tension of these laws to a 7icm object, namely, to in-
surrection against thg authority of the United States.
This new object introduces a new principle into
our system of Government, and it is to that I ob-
ject—against that 1 protest with all the emphasis
of which I am capable. The cases of insurrection
provided for by existing laws, are cases of in-
surrection in a State "'against the government
thereof;" against the Stale government; and upon
the call of the Legislature of a State, or, in case
it cannot be convened, upon the call of the execu-
tive of the State, the President may call forth the
militia of tlmt State and other States, and may use
the land and naval forces of the United States to
suppress the insurrection. Theobjettis to main-
tain the legitimate municipal sovereignty of the
States where it is unable to maintain itself.
But you now are asked to authorize the Presi-
dent to use these same means in a State to sup-
press an insurrection against the authority of the
United States. You have already these means in
his hands to execute the laws of the United States;
but you are asked also for them to suppress an in-
surrection against the authority of the United States!
An insurrection by whom? By States? Shall the
President judge of the exigency; shall he determ-
ine that in a State, not complaining, the authority
of the United States is rebelled against; and shall
he summon the militia of other States to sustain
or vindicate the authority of the United States by
marching into such uncomplaining State? Suppose
the State, through its Legislature, calls on him to
summon the militia to put down this array as an
insurrection against the government of the Stale: you
will have laws on the statute-book authorizing
such si call and requiring of him obedience to it.
How will he execute both ? It is plain that in
such a case the authority of the United States,
according to the view of the Executive, will over-
ride the sovereignty of the State, and that his power
will be asserted by the troops he may choose to accept
under i/iislitH, though they come from other States,
or may be the tjoldiers of the regular Army of the
United States! It is no more "or less, sir, than
an act of centralization—of consolidation, utterly
destructive of the principles upon which this Gov-
ernment was originally founded and upon which
it has thus far rested.
Mr. Hamilton, in his notions of Federal power,
did never conceive a scheme as bad as this. In
the hands of an ambitious leader, and in times of
high party excitement, such a law as this would
be a written warrant for the overthrow of the Con-
stitution and the centralization of all power in the
hands of the President of the United States. He
may preach a crusade against the people of any
State. Under such a law his myrmidons would
invade a State, turn its Legislature out of doors at
the point of the bayonet, capture its executive,
overthrow its judiciary, quarter Federal troops
upon its people, and thus enforce his idea of in-
surrection against the authority of the United Slates
The gentleman from Iowa is an educated soldier.
It may be that lie sees in all this military para-
phernalia to be attached to the President's power,
(already immense,) nothing adverse to the prin-
ciples heretofore recognized under the laws of our
country; but, I submit to those whose ways have
been in the paths of peace, and who have heard
that the price of a people's liberty is eternal vigil-
ance, whether this law is not the death-mark
upon the already pallid features of a Government
whose health has been wasted by the horrible
doses administered by the hands of that political
empiricism which, in its impatience, now pro-
poses to substitute for slow poison this process
of sudden strangulation ?
Mr. Speaker, I wain you that the freemen of
this country will never submit to this law. When
passion cools, they will look upon it with horror;
attempt to execute it, and every true man in the
States will resist it at every hazard, and to the
last extremity. This act proposes to extend the
action of the laws of 1795 and 1807 to a case of
insurrection against the authority of the United
States.
Mr. CURTIS. This is not a bill to revive those
acts. They are now in full force. This bill only
amends those laws, by adding to them.
Mr. BURNETT. I understand. What I wish
to learn is, what the gentleman means by "an
insurrection against the authority of the United
States?" I confess I cannot conceive it, unless it
has the effect upon which I have already com-
mented. If this be the intention of the advocates
of the bill, I want them to avow it publicly; and
then I meet it promptly by saying it will be re-
garded as a proclamation of war upon the southern
States.
I call upon the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Stan-
ton] to look what powers this bill confers upon
the President.
Mr. STANTON. I will answer the gentleman,
if he desires it.
Mr. BURNETT. Not at this time. The gen-
tlemrui will have an opportunity; for I take it he
will have the floor in reply to the remarks made
generally on the bill. I was saying that the gen-
tleman should look what powers this bill confers
upon the President. They are unlimited, Mr.
Speaker, both over the Army and Navy; unlim-
ited, because he is to judge of the fact of the ex-
istence of insurrection ; because he is the exclu-
sive judge of the act of insurrection; because he
is left to define what is meant by " the authority
of the United States;" unlimited, because, when
he accepts the act and fact as bringing his case
within the statute, he may receive as large an
army as he can collect, commission all its officers,
from lieutenants of a platoon to lieutenants gen-
eral, leaders of corps d'armee, and turn this coun-
try into a vast military camp. This bill placcs at
his disposal millions of men, brave and ready for
military enterprise. They arc to be his own
creations, and hold their positions subject oniy to
his will. If you authorize him to call them into
active service, you also pledge the pubiic faith
and public treasure to their payment. The Pres-
ident has no civil authority to which he is to look
up as a subordinate. He is a law unto himself,
is he to be restrained by Congress? For thirty
days after the meeting of the next Congress he
will have this unlimited power. Until then, there
will be no legal power to restrtun him. Is there
any probability lie would then surrender the con-
trol thus acquired ?
It may be this power would be surrendered by
the elected President; but neither you, nor I, nor
the American people know enough of him to con-
clude with certainty even upon such apomt; and
surely with a legal right to raise,equip,organize,
and officer such an army, and at his own discretion
to launch it against the southern States, none of
us can say that, willing as he mightbe to sunender
the baton of the marshal for the insignia of the
presidential office, he would any longer have the
poxeer to do so. It is an odd experiment, a fear-
ful experiment, and one which, according to every
reasonable calculation tobedrawn from theteach-
ings of history, would eventuate in deeper civil
commotions than those we have already expe-
rienced, if it does not-prove the grave of civil lib-
erty in America. Congress wili be adjourned on
Monday next. Repose this vast authority in the
hands of a man untried—heretofore measurably
obscure—whose temper and appetites are un-
known, and who can answer for the use to be
made of this power before another Congress wili
be called together under the Constitution'
This bill confers unbridled license upon the
President to send forth armies to make war upon
whom he pleases; to make that war as relent-
less as passion, however malignant, or fanat-
icism, however wild, may dictate. The homes of
the people may bo invaded by his soldiery; the
country may be subjected to military authority,
acting under the forms of law; and the peaceable
citizen may be demoralized and debased, because
his power of resistance may be cut off by the force
which Government throws into the hands of the
President by this measure ! Yes, sir, members of
the other side express well-feigned astonishment
when we of this side—desiring the peace and
prosperity of the country, and seeking to recon-
struct this Union, instead of rushing madly into
conflict with its dismembered fragments — de-
nounce this bill as the inauguration of an interne-
cine war, with all its attendant horrors. We aie
taunted and jeered at when we strive to repress a
collision at arms between brothers. It is a decla-
ration of war—a war which, if prosecuted, will be
more fearful than any of the civil wars of which
history furnishes a record. We denounce it, as
