260
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 26,
36th Gosref....2d Sess.
Force Bill—Mr. Burnett.
Ho. oi? Reps.
from Kentucky have both labored with zeal m the
same cause.
The border State committee, composed of gen-
tlemen who desire Union-arid peace, agreed upon
a proposition. A scheme of like intent was offered
by the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Ether-
idge;] but the other side would not permit them
to be voted upon. Not only were the oorder State
propositions rejected, but so has every suggestion
the members from slaveholding States could make
without dishonor and the absolute concession of
political inferiority.
Such has been the* manner in which our over-
tures have been met. On almost bended knees
we have, from this side of the Chamber, petitioned
gentlemen of the other side, who alone have the
power to arrest the tide of disunion, by the adop-
tion of such propositions as are consistent with
our equality and justice, to present something for
our consideration, likely to have the desired effect.
This respectful request has been answered with
u the proud man's contumely, the rich man's
.scorn. Not only have you refused to offer any
thing here, but indignantly you have, elsewhere,
scouted the propositions for compiomisc which
assembled multitudes in my own State, of a party
differentfrom that to which I belong, have declared
to be the minimum to which they would be driven.
The southern people do not ask for concessions,
they ask for rights, and plead for peace. Rights,
Mr. Speaker, which are their inheritance from
revolutionary sires; rights, which arc theirs by
toil and blood, wasted in building up this great
partnership, of whose stock the free States now
propose to become monopolists and sole directors;
rights, which are theirs under the solemn adjudi-
cations of the highest constitutional judiciary in
the land. These rights were denied; those adju-
dications have been spurned; these claims to a
common benefit of diffusion for southern institu-
tions, have been rejected The answer to all has
generally been, that the free States have the nu-
merical and representative power, and must legis-
late according to their own convictions of policy
and ethics. By them it is pretended these are
questions of liberty, of human rights, of con-
science. With us, they are questions of consti-
tutional compact, of contract, of equality, of inde-
pendence. The southern people feel that in this
Government they must be your equals, or must
be vassals and provincials, hangers-on to your
system, and only retained as " hewers of wood
and drawers of water," for the profit to be made
by their contributions to the support of the Gov-
ernment you direct and control.
I cannot omit to dwell here upon the Critten-
den resolutions, and their reception at the hands
of the dominant party. The icsolutions are the
production of a Senator who has seen more of pub-
lic service than any other man at present in the
public councils—a man respected everywhere for
nis pure patriotism and disinterested love of the
land of his birth—a man of liberal talents and of
advanced years. Drawing to a close of an illus-
trious life, he bent ail the energies of an exulted
ambition to the consummation of this work of
perice, and the deliverance of the Union from the
perils which environed it. No doubt he felt, what
I am frank to avow has been my own feeling con-
stantly, that his resolutions fell short of the full
measure of those rights which have been adjudged
to exist for the people of the slaveholding States.
Still, as a means of quieting the agitation which
threatened the pillars of our political fabric—as a
way of attaining the desired object, of removing
the subject of slavery from Congress forever, and
of excluding it from the arena of party politics—
as a mode of reaching a finality upon a dangerous
theme, and of restoring fraternal feelings between
the people of this noble country, he lent his popu-
lar name and gave his matured intellect in its most
ardent efforts to secure their adoption. They met
the approval of every individual upon this floor
who had supported for the Presidency the candi-
date of the Constitutional Union party. Every
man here of the Democracy—of both wings of the
Democratic party—wouldgive them a candid and
hearty support.
These resolutions were tendered to the Senate
The Senator from Mississippi [3 effef.son Davis]
and the Senator from Georgia [Robert Toombs]
announced m their places as Senators, that the
passage of those resolutions would stay the tide
of the revolution whose waves were already wash-
ing the base of the Capitol; that they would pause
and they would urge the southern people to accept
the arrangement as a finality, and to stand by it,
because, in some form, it would recognize the
principle of equality. Popular meetings through-
out the slave States indorsed and accepted this
compromise; and masses of conservative men
in the North memorialized Congress to accept
them, and at least to send them to the people.
How were they treated by the Republicans? Gen-
tlemen on that side of this Chamber, who have
taken any action in reference to the various meas-
ures intended to secure conciliation, with a single
excepti -n, ha\e refused to assent to them. In the
Senate they were supeisedcd by Clark's amend-
ment voted over them by Republican Senators en
masse, by which the flat declaration was made, as
if in derision, that the provisions of the Consti-
tution are ample; that it wants obedience rather
than amendment; and that the extrication from
our difficulties is to be secured by the enforcement
of the laws, lather than hy concessions to unreason-
able demands. They seem to challenge the Bell
men particularly to stand by the <{ Union, the
Constitution, and the enforcement of the laws,"
as objects of primary desire which ther had so
eloquently held up to the southern people, and
winch it was now to he deemed unreasonable they
should so soon wish to amend or change.
The bill before the House is one of the ways
in which these Republicans propose " to enforce
the laws;" and it offers to the Piestdent an anny
of untold numbeis, to be marched, if he so desires,
against a pai t of the American people !
Mr CORWIN. Mr Speaker 
Mr. RURNETT. 1 cannotyield the floor Rut,
what else* When the Crittenden compromise
went to the committee of thirty-three, it was re-
turned to this House recommended in a report
signed only by the gentleman from Tennessee,
[Mr. Nelson,] though it was alsor recommended
in another and separate report, signed by Demo-
crats on the committee. This is the way m which
the distinguished Senator'sscheme of conciliation
has been met. Now, the people of Kentucky
have pronounced in favor of that plan with ie-
markable unanimity. All political parties united
in its support, and their voice has been heard
thiough mass meetings, State conventions, and
the Legislature. In obedience to my desire to
seouie union and peace, I gave m my adhesion
to the Crittenden resolutions, even before they
were piesented to the Senate. I have been will-
ing to stand by tiiein. I am so now.
Let me reft't foi a moment to the report of the
committee of thirty-three, or rather of the chair-
man of the committee of thirty-three. I say the
chairman, because I undeistand there is no report
of the majority of that committee, and that no-
body who was a member of that committee, ex-
cept the chairman, is bound by the report. That
report, sir, stands in singular contrast with the
report from other members of the same commit-
tee, who are by everybody lecognized as repre-
sentative men of the Republican paitv. It is, by
itself, n most insufficient and incomplete answer
to the complaints of the South, but loses all its
force, "as an index of political direction, when
contrasted with the leport made by other mem-
bers of the committee. The honorable chairman
will pardon, I am sure, the idea 1 express in
speaking of those other members as representative
men of their party. We ail concede Ins exceed-
ing ability, but do not regard him as a rcprebenta-
tive man of the party m which he serves. This
may be accepted as a compliment or not, as his
own taste suggests, i only allude to my estimate
to fix a fact in connection with his repoit, and to
show the degree in which it will be received by
the country.
The report of the honorable chairman consists,
first, of several recommendatory resolutions, if
passed, these could berepealed on the first day of
the next Congress. Second, of an amendment
to the Constitution prohibiting congiessional in-
terference with slavery in the States where it now
exists. This safeguard, by constitutional restric-
tion upon a power no man of sense haspietended
to exist under the Constitution as it is now writ-
ten, is not a guarantee of a right, but rather op-
erates as a limitation upon aright; because it pre-
supposes the power to exist, the exercise of which
it has become necessary to restrict. # We should
be very thankful, however, for this mite,if it was
given with good intentions, whatever may be its
want of value.
The southern people have not been in dread of
an attempted exercise of such a power so much
as they have been indignant at the usurpation
which seeks to deprive them of that common right
to the equal use and benefit of the common terri-
tory, acquired by the expenditure of their blood
under the national flag, or of their money paid
out of the national Treasury, and which the free
States now seek to take exclusive possession of.
This usurpation startled apprehension when it
was accompanied by the threat issued some years
ago by Mr. Giddmgs, of Ohio; namely, that the
purpose and policy orthe party in the free States
was to wall in the slave States with a cordon of
free Stales; and when slavery was cribbed, or so
confined that it could not expand,it would suffo-
cate, or sting itself to death. What was then re-
garded as the raving of a zealot, is now pro-
claimed as the settled policy of a great political
party, to be permitted to hold its course unchal-
lenged, providing the promise is given not to abol-
ish slavery in the States. It is, m the States, sub-
ject alone to their sovereignty They will know
how to protect it, so long as it remains their will
to permit it. Congress has no power to exert
such authority.
Nor will the South be likely to regard the pro-
posal of the gentleman from Ohio as any great
benefaction while lie joins with the rest in out-
lawing ihe property of the South from the Terri-
tories, or proposing to escape a fair and manly
acknowledgment of then* rights by hurrying a
country beyond a territorial into a State capacity,
when he knows, or believes, as do all of his party,
that the people who would thus be invested with
the power to adopt a State constitution would
probably, at this time, decluie against siavcry, be-
cause the bulk of that same population has been
unused to slave labor, and is itself somewhat col-
ored in complexion. Mr. Sneaker, it is, however,
not to be overlooked that these views of the hon-
orable member from Ohio aie but his own proposi-
tions; they have received no indorsement; but are
met by the report of otKer members of the party
who embody, in Ipsissimis -verbis, as their repoit,
the amendment offered by Mi.Clark in the Senate,
which, having been voted for by the Republicans
over the head of the Crittenden resolutions, may
be justly regarded as the Republican programme.
That report denies that the southern people
have sustained any grievance or suffer under any
wrongs. They thus maintain their party policy;
and with the ciyof "the Union, the Constitu-
tion, and the enforcement of the laws," prepare
to treat as rebels all who resist their construction
of power, privilege, or right. How different from
this settlement is that pioposed by the Senator
from Kentucky. True, his resolutions iccur to
a geogiaphiwii line, upon one side of whichthere
is an exclusion of slavery, but on the oi her a rec-
ognition of its f,talus, and the clear right ac-
knowledged to the southern people to diffuse their
propeityover the United States territory south
of the line, now held or to be hereafter acquned.
The resolutions embody the principle of partition
between equal partners—reciprocal rights, mutu-
ality—and therefore are acceptable, though the
exclusion of slave pioperty fcom access to the
northern territory, is an abridgment of right al-
ready clearly possessed, and which has bf en sol-
emnly adjudged by the Supreme Court.
f have said 1 am and have been willing to take
the Crittenden compi omiso resolutions as a pledge
be! ween us, and a compact of settlement to com-
pose this strife. The people of Kentucky will be
satisfied with it—men of all parties. It may mod-
ify t he course of the seceded States. 11 wi ll stop the
crevasse wiiich is hourly enlarging, and through
whose disintegrating sides the bitter waters of fra-
ternal discord are momentarily flowing with in-
creased velocity and volume. Popular assemblies
have indicated the public sense that these are fair
proposals, wise and just measures, and pel,tic
under all the circumstances of the hour. If south-
cm and western people will accept them, what
good reason have northern and eastern men to
