846
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 11,
paratively no vessels that are steam-vessels by
the side of other nations, nor do the steam-vessels
thatweown bear any just comparison to our sail-
ing vessej§. A great many of our sailing vessels
are utterly worthless, and will never go to sea
again, and we must supply their places with some-
thing. We must keep vessels afloat, in order to
show our flag in foreign couutries and to protect
our commerce in foreign seas; and the question
is, what kind of vessels shall we have?
We cannot be influenced in our action here,
and we ought not to abandon the Navy, because
there happens to be dissatisfaction growing out of
the slavery question, or outof the tariff question,
' or out of any other local question. I think we
ought to go on in our legislation exactly as though
we were at peace with all the world; not with the
view to coerce any portion of the country, but to
maintain the honor of our flag in foreign seas.
I think any one who will examine the subject,
or any professional naval man, will see that this
would really be an economical measure. To take
the case 1 have already put, in answer to the Sen-
ator from Virginia, we have in the Mediterra-
nean two sloops-of-war of the first class, and one
gun-boat, such as we propose to build. Those
two sloops-of-war cost us, to man and equip an4
provision them for twelve months, $604,000.
Three gun-boats of the size which we propose to
build, with one of these sloops, would be pre-
cisely as efficient as the two large sloops-of-war
arc now. You substitute, therefore, two gun-boats
in the place of one of these sloaps, and you save
$302,000 a year to your Treasury. It seems to
me this is an argument that ought to commend
itself to the Senator from Virginia and to the Sen-
ator from Maryland.
Mr. POLK. I have no doubt, myself, of the
correctness of the position taken by the Senator
from Iowa, that the proportion of small vessels to
large ones in the Navy ought to bo increased. It
would be better if we had more small ones and
fewer large ones; but that does not reach the point
of difficulty in my mind. It is this: whether, hav-
ing the large om>s on hand, we ought to goto
work now to add the small ones, if it were a
question of exchange; if we could exchange the
large ones for a greater number of small ones, I
should think it good policy to do it; but the ques-
tion is whether, as we have not the small ones,
We ought now, in the condition of the Treusiuy,
to go to work to build them, when we have not
the money to build them with.
There is one thing which strikes me as very
singular in connection with this amendment: the
Senator from New Hampshire reads a recom-
mendation from the Secretary of the Navy in favor
of a gradual increase of this kind of vessels in the
naval service. If seven at a dash, at oncsession,
is gradual, m the presentconditioii of the,country,
I hardly know what would be a rapid increase.
Mr. KBSSBNDEN. They recommended ten
last year.
Mi. POLK. That would not be rapid, if seven
is gradual. But it seems to me, Mr. President,
that any increase of any such amount as this 
Mr. GRIMES. I will fell you what would be
rapid. The French Government have, at this
time, ordered nine sloops-of-war of the largo class
and one hundred small ones, all to be cased in
iron and steel, and all of which are to be in sail-
ing order by the 1st of May. That would be a
rapid increase. *
Mr. POLK. That many to be built?
Mr. GRIMES. Yes, sir.
Mr. POLK. I hope the time will never come
when we shall measure our speed with the speed
of the French Emperor, if he goes at that rate;
because it would certainly exhaust the resources
of this country in less than one year. But the
difficulty is, wc have not got the money in the
Treasury; and how are we to get it? The ques-
tion now is, whether we shall commencc with an
appropriation of p,200,000, when it is admitted
that that will not be anylhinglike enough to build
these vessels, and that with the Treasury empty,
and worse than empty. Itdoes seem to me that
the measure i.s very injudicious and inexpedient
just at tins moment.
Mr. HUNTER. I call for the yeas and nays
on the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 30, nays 18; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Baker, IJigler, Bingham, Cam-
eron, Chandler, Clark, Collamer, Doolittle, Durkeo, Fes-
senden, Foot, Grimes, Hale, Uarlan. Johnson of Tennes-
see, Kennedy, Kinp, Latham, Morrill, Sphastian, Seward,
Simmons, Sumner, Ten Eyek, Thomson, Tuimbull, Wade,
Wilkinson and Wilson—30.
NAYS—Messis. Bayatd, Biagg, Bright, Clingman, Crit-
tenden, Fitch, Gwin, Hemphill, Hunter, Lane, Mason,
Nicholson, Pearce, Polk, Powell, Rice, Saulsbury and
Wigfall—18.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES, I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs to propose the following
amendment as an additional section :
Jlml be it further enacted, That the Tiesldent of the Uni-
ted States shall, by and with the advice and consent of the
Senate, appoint from the line of the Navy on the active
hst, an assistant secretary of the navy, whose salary shall
be that of the shore-duty pay of a captain, and who, acting
under the authority and direction of the Secietarv of the
Navy, shall bo charged with the discipline and efficiency
of the naval service, with the detailing of officers, and
such other duties m relation to the administration of its
affairs as the Secietaiy of the Navy may designate.
Mr. President, the design of the committee was
to create a new officer, who should hold precisely
the same relations to the Secretary of the Navy
that the present Assistant Secretary of the Treas-
ury, and the Assistant Secretary of State hold to
the chiefs of those two Departments; that this
man should beaprofessionalman, nottakenfrom
political life, or civil life, but taken from the line
of his profession; and therefore supposed to bo
familiar with the details of that profession. The
friends of the Navy have always deplored the
present organization, and believed that it was ne-
cessary and very important to that branch of the
service that somebody should be in confidential
relations with the head of the Department who
knew somewhat more of the details of the Depart-
ment, and of the personnel of the service, than an
ordinary Secretary of the Navy usually does; and
hence, m order to obviate that objection, which
has always existed, it is now proposed that'an
officer of the line shall be constituted the Assist-
•ant Secretary of the Navy, and perform the duties
that are assigned to him in that amendment.
Mr. SAUJLSBURY. I would like to ask the
Senator from Iowa a question: whether there has
been any suggestion irom the Secretary of* the
Navy or the Department that such an office is
necessary, or whether such an officer would be
proper?
Mr. GRIMES. I am notawaic that any sug-
gestion has been made from the Secretary of the
Navy. 1 have had no communication with him,
and am not acquainted with him; butsuch a sug-
gestion has been made by every man who has
been connected with naval affairs for the last
twenty years. Such a proposition, or something
similar to it, wassubmitted by Commodore Stock-
ton when a member of the Senate from New Jer-
sey; and it has been before the Senate in various
shapes, either as Assistant Secietary of the Navy,
or as head of a bureau of personnel, from that time
until the present. I think those who arc familiar
with this branch of the public service are almost,
if not quite, unanimous in the opinion that such
a provision is essential to the good of the service.
Mr. FESSENDBN. I am very apt to agree
with my friend from Iowa in most of his notions,
especially about naval matters; because I think,
his attention being drawn to that subject, he is
moie capable of judging of-the propriety of the
measures than I am; but, sir, 1 lee! exceedingly
averse to thisproposition. I do notknowwhether
anybodv else entertains the same opinions that I
do in relation to it; but I am unwilling to see
everything placed under discipline. I think the
military and naval arm have got power and influ-
ence enough in the Government now, and that it
is hardly worth while to mix them up any more
with the civil service. If we have any thing to be
done in relation to a building anywhere, no mat-
ter what, it goes under the control of an Army of-
ficer. The next step will be, 1 suppose, to put
an Army officer in as Secretary or chief cleik in
the War Department; and, in this mode of pro-
ceeding, very soon we shall have hardly anybody
in office except he be either a military or a naval
man. I have nohelief that weshonid quiet matters
any more in the Navy by putting the Navy De-
partment under the control of an officer. If you
have the chief clerk there, if he fills this position
under the Secretary of the Navy, everything that
is done with icference to the assignments of com-
mands, &c., will be understood to be by his ad-
vice. I think the appointment of a naval officer
to this position will create difficulties, heart-burn-
ings, jealousies, and troubles of all sorts in the
service, which you wish to avoid. I have very
great confidence in the honor of officers both of
the Army and Navy, and I have no doubt they
would discharge the duties of the office that is pro-
posed very wrdl, to the best of their ability; but
my own oelief is, that you had better keep the
two branches of the service distinct, leave the De-
partment itself under the control of civilians, and
let the officers in the line of the service have noth-
ing more to do with it than may arise from the fact
that their advice unquestionably will be asked on
different occasions by those who are at the head
of the Department. My own impression is, that
you will create difficulty where none exists now,
and that wo ought to discourage this continual
creeping upon us of influence connected with the
military and naval service, large enough as it is
at present; and I am opposed to its increase.
Mr. HALE. I think the Senator from Maine
is unnecessarily jealous in regard to this matter.
I sympathize entirely with all that he says about
devolving everything on Army officers; but it is
a notorious fact that the Secretary of the Navy,
ordinarily speaking, is not much of a sailor. I
recollect seeing an anecdote—a great while ago, of
course-—that some Secretary of the Navy, visit-
ing some of the navy-yards, inquired very earn-
estly where the oakum grew that they were using,
[laughter;] and as long as you have such gentle-
men at the head of the Department, who do not
know where oakum grows, it is well enough to
have a practical officer upon whom they can rely;
and I would rather have a responsible naval offi-
cer than have an irresponsible chief clerk. There
has been a good deal of fault found with that sort
o^nfluence which has prevailed on account of
the dutiesdevolved on the chief clerk, upon whom
the Secretary must neceesarily rely, unless he has
between him and the Department somebody who
is intimately acquainted with the service. This
does not increase the expense, because it requires
the officer to be taken from the line, and to receive
the shore pay of a captain. If a captain is taken,
therefore, there is not a single additional dollar of
expense.
The Navy stands in a different position in this
respect than the Aimy docs, because the Secre-
tary of War has in the adjutant general an offi-
cer that may give him all the information requisite
in regard to everything that relates to the admin-
istration of that Department m the selection of
officers, and the assignment of their duties. In
the Navy, there is nothing of that sort; but the
Secretary has to rely on the chief clerk, who
has had no naval education any more than him-
self, and nccessaiily it is liable to great abuse.
This amendment of the committee proposes to
take and put in that place, without any additional
expense, an officer who has been trained and ed-
ucated m the Navy, who knows the chaiacter of
the officers; who knows the requirements of the
service; and it gives to the Secretary of the Navy
a responsible officer placed there by law, upon
whose judgment and skill and acquirements he
can rely; and I think it is not liable to the excep-
tion that the honorable Senator from Maine urges
against it.
Mr. CAMERON. It scums to me, Mr. Pres-
ident, that the argument of the Senator from New
Hampshire would be a very good one in favor of
making the Secretary of the Navy always a naval
officer. I can see nothing else in it. Now, sir,
there are in the Navy Department two or three
old naval officers, old* captains, who are the heads
of bureaus, and to whom the Secretary can apply
everyday, at any hour, or any minute, for inform-
ation; and if he be a man of ordinary sense he
will go there and askforinfoimation. As to say-
ing that he may be controlled by his clerk, that'is
all idle. A man of sense would select a proper
clerk, and if the clerk did not behave properly   nd
do his duty rightly, he would turn him out and
get somebody else. I think this is a wrong time
to make this soitof alteration. The country is
now in trouble. We do not know what is to hap-
pen. I would rather let everything be at present,
until we get through all our difficulties. I am
decidedly opposedto selecting' from the Navy
anybody who is to be an irresponsible head of the
Navy Department; for after all it is putting an
irresponsible person in this position—it is making
a head of the Department without any responsi-
