1861.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
263
36xii Cong....2d Sess.
Any Compromise a Surrender—Mr. Gooch,
Ho. of Eeps.
the Constitution to go into the Territories of the
United States, let it go into all the Territories
where climate and soil will permit it to go. We
are not responsible for it. If it is wrong in itself,
and has no right under the Constitution to go into
theTerritoricsof theUnitedStates, let usexclude
it from all the Territories. If slavery is wrong
north of 360 30', it is not right south of 3G° 30'.
I am not willing that the North shall be a second
time cheated in this matter, and will not vote into
the Constitution any new powers for slavery. 1
can never vote to give further powers or consti-
tutional guarantees to an institution which has
controlled this Government up to this time, and
now, when one department of the Government is
about to be beyond its control, threatens to de-
stroy the Government itself. It seems to me that
this is the most fatal remedy for existing evils
that can be devised by man.
I should like, Mr. Speaker, to examine each
of these propositions at length, but time will not
permit me to do so. They are all designed and
intended to give new and further constitutional
powers and guarantees to slavery. The words
slave and slavery, which our fathers would not
permit to be in that instrument, are now to be
written on the forefront of the Constitution, in
cUaracters so indelible that all the people who
shall ever come after us can never erase them, and
slavery is to be fastened as a national badge for-
ever upon thiscapital. We are asked to provide
that, while all things else maybe changed, amend-
ed, or repealed, the provisions for the benefit of
slavery shall be eternal.
Mr. Speaker, before passing from this subject,
I must ask the attention of the House to article
seven of the amendments proposed'by the Sena-
tor from Kentucky, [Mr.Crittenden.] It is in
these words:
" Article VII.
"Sec. I- The elective franchise and the light to hoM ;
oflW-. whcthei Fedeinl, State. n-mtonal, or nmi'icipai. ;
shall not he exeicised hv persons who aie, in whole or in
part, ot' the A i t loan lace.'' j
Now, sir, what the object or purpose of such j
an amendment is, I am at a loss to understand. ;
Under the pretense of securing State rights, it '
strikes one of the most fatal blows ever aimed at |
the rights of a State. The right of each State to
determine who of her people shall be citizens of |
the State, who shall exercise the elective franchise, ;
and who shall be eligible to office in the State, is ,
one which I supposed had always been among fhe
cherished rights which no State would willingly ;
surrender. 1 find that those men who have always i
claimed to be the especial guardians of State rights, j
value them only as they make in favor of slavery;
and while they claim the power to extend them |
over all the territory of the United States for its ;
protection, are willing to strike them down in j
every State in obedience to its demands. This ;
proposed amendment deprives every State of the
power to determine for itself who of her citizens
shall have the elective franchise, and who shall
be eligible to even State and municipal offices; |
and, at the same time, deprives a class of men, j
whose fathers fought in the Revolution and voted
for the adoption of the Constitution under which
we now live, of rights winch tiiey and their an- .
cestors have enjoyed from the foundation of the \
Government.
In his opinion in the Dred Scott case, Mr.
Justice Curtis says:
u At the time of the ratification of the Aittcies of Con-
Jrd'*i.ition, all fice native boin inhabitants of the States of .
X,'W Ilamivshiip, Jla-<acliu.-etts, Now Yoil; New Jer-i-y,
and North Carolina, though descended fnnn Afucan slave-,
weie not onfv citizens of those States, but sneh ot tliem a*
had the other noco^aiv qualification- pos-e,sed thiMtan
elnse of eleetois on equal temia with other citizens.
And again, in the same opinion, m speaking ot'
the political rights which coloied men have enjoyed
in Massachusetts, under the Constitution adopted
m 1780, he says:
'• It i- tiue, bevond all controveisy, that persons of color,
de-eended Irani African slaves, weie by thai Constitution
m.uli utir.cnsol'the Stale; and such ot them a-have had
,|,0 ne-e.sarv qualifications, have lieid and exercised the
o'leetive fianciu-e, as citizens, tioin that time to the pre-,-
enf **
The only reason that can be given for this pro-
posed amendment is, that slavei y, to justify itself,
feels bound to degrade the colored man wherever
he can be found. "Shall we recommend to the peo-
ple of this country to alter their Constitution for
such a reason ?
The amendment to the Constitution, proposed
by the committee of thirty-three, and reported by
the chairman [Mr. Coiuvin] to this House, is as
follows:
"Art. 12. So amendment of this Constitution, having
for it<: object any interfeiencf , witliiu the State?, with
the ielation between their citizens and those described
in section second of the first articje ot the Constitution
n-s'all other pei->on-?,; shalj ougmate with any State that
does not recognize that relation within its own limits, or
shall be valid without the assent of every one of the States
composing the Union."
I object to this amendment; not because I wish
to change or alter the Constitution, in this rcspect,
from what we now agree it is, but because it will
give to the relation of master and slave, and to
the right which a master has to his slave, a recog-
nition and protection which it gives to no other
relation or right, and will justify the slaveowner
in saying that he has, in the Constitution, protec-
tion to his property in his slave higher than is
given to any other property.
I object to this amendment because it destroys
the equality of the States. It confers upon a slave
State the power to do that which it denies to a
free State the power to do. It authorizes a slave
State to originate amendments to the Constitution
which free States are denied the power to origin-
ate.
I object to this amendment, because it may hap-
pen that hereafter the Supremo Court may give
to some of the provisions of the Constitution, to
which the above amendment relates, an interpre-
tation which may make it desirable that we should
have the power to amend the Constitution with-
out being dependent upon a slave State to propose
the amendment or being obliged to have the con-
currence of every slave State in its adoption. I
find the following language in the opinion of the
court in the Died Scott case:
'* And if tiicConstitution rccoriuizps thenghtof pmpcity
o! t!:e master ma-'ave.aud mak<!~ no distinruop lu'twccii
that (lesenption ofpropcitv and other piopeitv <«\\ned by a
citizen, no tribunal, acting nndei the authouiy ot the Uni-
ted fcftales, whether U be k*yMah\e, executive, or judicial,
lias a light to draw =-urh a distinction, or rlenj to it the ben-
efit of the provisions and cnaiantees which have been pro-
vided for the protection oi private pioperty against the en-
croachments of the Government.
Now, as we have already said in an earlier part of this
I opinion, upon a difleient point, the light of pioperty in a
; slave l&'dwunctly and exprc&sly affirmed in the Constitu-
tion.'5
| I fear that some day this tribunal may hold that
• a master has the right, under the Constitution, to
j take his slaves into any State, free as well as
I slave, and hold them there according to his own j
I will and pleasure. Perhaps such a decision now i
t would be less surprising than were some of the I
■ opinions of the judges in the case to which I have j
' referred. Should that happen, whether it were I
possible to amend the Constitution or not, I should ,
regret that I had contributed to place any obsta- j
cle in the way. ^ i
I cannot vote for the hill reported by the com- ,
mittec to enable New Mexico to form a constitu- i
tion, and be admitted into the Union. It is ad- |
mittod on all sides that she has uot the requisite j
qualification for admission ac this time. _ I under- j
stand that th<5 admission of New Mexico is offered t
as a concession to the slave States, and they are j
urged to accept it as such, because she will he 1
far more likely to come m a slave State, if per-
   ..kely
■ nutted to conic now, than i\t a future time. ^ It
i is well known that the Territory of New Mcxico
■ i hag the most infamous slave code ever enacted on
!| this continent—so infamous that every Republi-
'I can in this House, except one,_ voted, at the last
,l session, for its repeal. Now, it is proposed by
' Republicans to authorize these people to form a
1 constitution, leaving the same influences which
1 enacted the code to^make the constitution. The
result would probably be that the slave code which
'! we voted to repeal, as being a disgrace to Ameri-
' can legislation, would be transcribed into the con-
: stitution, and made a part of the fundamental law
■ of the land.
When slavery shall be thus protected and guar-
! antied in New Mexico, I shall not be surprised
' to sec the number of slaves rapidly increase. 1
can understand why masters do not taKe their
' slaves into a Territory so long as they fear that
when it comes into the Union it may be a free
State. In speaking of this Territory, Henry Clay
said:
"Sir, while you reproach, and justly, too, our British an-
cestors forth'-, introduction of this Institution upon the con-
tinent of America, I am, for one, unwilling that the poster-
ity of the presentmhabitantsofCahfomia and New Mexico
shall reproach us for doing just what we reproach Great
Britain for doing to us. If the citizens of these Territories
choose to establish slavery, 1 am for admitting them with
such provisions In their constitutions ; but then it will be
their own work, and not ours; and tlieir posterity will Have
to leproacb them, and not us, for forming constitutions
allowing the institution of slavery to exist among them."
If we admit New Mexico under existing cir-
cumstances, and for the reasons which have been
assigned in this House, I shall fear that posterity-
will reproach us, rather than the inhabitants of
New Mexico, for making her a slave State.
But suppose that we should admit New Mex-
ico now: what assurance have we that she will
not claim and exercise the so-called right of se-
cession, the same as several other States formed
out of the territory, of the United States have
done?
By geographical position, similarity of laws
and institutions, she is identified with the States
that have assumed to secede from this Union; and
I doubt not that,had she been a State,she would,
before this time, have passed a secession ordi-
nance, and associated herself with the States in
rebellion against this Government.
All these propositions are offered as conces-
sions or compromises "and what is the consider-
ation which the North is to receive ? Mr. Lincoln
is to be President of the United States.
Have the people of the free Stafes fallen so low
that they are willing, after a Presiden t has been
duly elected according to the Constitution and the
laws, to buy the right for him to administer the
Government? Are they willing to change and
alter the fundamental law of the land, in obedi-
ence to the demands of traitors and rebels, with
threats in their mouths, and weapons in their
hands'
Butsupposewe yield everything,adopt all these
so-called compromises, make all these conces-
sions: who is satisfied? Will the States that have
seceded return ? These States tell us that no com-
promise or concession will ever induce them to
return. Any man who knows Jefferson Davis
and Alexander H. Stephens knows that they will
not consent to be known only as rebels against
this Government until they have found it impos-
sible to be known as founders of another.
Will the slave States that have not seceded
agree to remain ? Not unless we are willing to
give them the absolute control of the Government.
All these States tell us that they will never con-
sent that this Government shall adopt any policy
or do any act in reference to the seceded States
which shall be what they call coercion.
IIow often have we been told in this House,
within the last three months, that any attempt to
coerce a sovereign State would make the South a
unit against this Government. Now, sir, if wo
adopt all these compromises, make all these con-
j cessions, and then attempt to enforce the laws in
any seceded State—attempt to recover possession
of the property that lias been plundered or stolen
from this Government—we shall find these new
ligaments which we have bound around the Union
no stronger than the threads of a spider's web.
Mi. Speaker, I have still other objections to all
these compromises and concessions at this time.
If we buy the right for men elected to office hy r
constitutional majority of the people to adminis-
ter the Government, no matter what we pay for
it, we strike a fatal blow at republican liberty and
republican Government.
Hereafter, an election by the people will determ-
ine nothing, not even who are to hold the offices.
Hereafter, the man who is to be President must
not only be elected by the people, but he must be
able to make terms with the defeated party: and
his power to administer the Government will be
as dependent upon the one as the other. Here-
after, the defeated party will demand, as the terms
i of acquiescence in the election, that its favorite
i! political doctrines shall be made a part of the
jl Constitution; and that instrument will soon be-
ll come a piece of political patchwork, made up of
jj party platforms which have been rejected, by the
:! people.
