264
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 23,
36th Cong....2d Sess.
The. Crisis—Mr. Hasldn.
Ho. of Reps.
If we buy the right to administer the Govern-
ment now, we recognize the right of secession in
every State, and every law enacted by this Gov-
ernment will receive its force and vitality, notfrom
the Federal Government, but from the acquies-
cence of each one of the States. There will he as
many powers able to annul the acts of this Gov-
ernment as there "are States in the Union, and the
Government will have become as contemptible as
it would be if it was required by the Constitu-
tion to submit every one of its acts to the approval
or disapproval of each one of the States. The
power of this Government to resist all assaults
upon it by foreign powers has been tested, and it
Has not been found wanting. Its power to resist
assaults from within—domestic assaults—rebel-
lion—is now about-to be tested, and upon the men
of the present day rests the respQnsibility of de-
ciding whether this Government is to be a suc-
cess or a failure. If this rebellion shall be suc-
cessful, or if this Government shall be forced to
recognize the right of secession in each State,
then is this Government a failure. Then have
we lived, for the last three quarters of a ceniuiy,
under a delusion—the most pleasing and beautiful
the world has ever known—but still a delusion.
We have supposed that we had a system of
Government so perfectly adjusted in all its parts,
that each State udded to the Union, while reserv-
ing all the rights and powers necessary for itself,
gave increased strength and permanence to the
central Government. We Had learned to look upon
it as we look upon the solar system. The Fed-
eral Government was the sun, and each of the
States a planet." While each revolved around and
was sustained by the common, center, all united
to sustain and hold in its place the common cen-
ter itself. We should almost as soon have ex-
pected one of the planets would attempt to rush
madly from its bright sphere into the unknown
regions of darkness and gloom, as to have ex-
pected one of the States of this Union to attempt
to withdraw itself from the security and protec-
tion which it received from the Federal Govern-
ment. Not only the central power, but each in-
dividual State,must uscail its rightful powers and
influences to retain every other Statr within the
Union.
I cannot accept the doctrine that this Govern-
ment js but a voluntary association of States, each
one having the right to withdraw at pleasure, and
every State added only increasing the certainly,
and hastening the day of us dissolution, {can-
not believe that our fathers constructed this Gov-
ernment no more wisely than would the builder,
who should erectatemplc, massive in its struuuie,
beautiful in its proportions, and omnipotent to re-
sist all powers from without, but so designed that
a single blow from within would prostiato the
pillars on which it rested, and cause the temple
itself to topple and fall.
We have often been told, on this /lnor, that it
mattered not whether a State had the right to se-
cede or not, secession was a fact accomplished.
This, sir, is begging the question, if a State has
a constitutional right to secede, then secession is
a fact accomplished in,six of the States. Their
claims on this Government are ended, and the
jurisdiction of this Government over them is also
ended. They have exercised a constitutional
right; and no man can complain. But if a State
has not the constitutional right to secede, then it
matters not what may have been done by State
Legislatures or conventions, these States that have
attempted to secede are m the Union, and then-
people are under the jurisdiction and the laws of
this Government as much to-day as they were
one year ago; and it is the duty of the Govern-*
merit, and every officer of the Government, to
enforce the laws against,and protect the rights of,
the people of these States. When the President
of the United States, in his message, denied to a
State the#right of secession, he told the country
that he knew his duty, but that he was too weak
or too wicked tq do it. He had been too long the
accomplice or the dupe of traitors to be able to
discharge the duties which thirty million people
had intrusted to him. He has failed to "preserve,
protect, and defend the Constitution of the United
States," and to <s take care that the laws he faith-
fully executed/' The special pleading of his At-
torney General will not save him from the con-
tempt of all good men, and the infamy to which
history will assign him. It matters not whether
he supposed the object and purpose of the men
who were plotting treason and rebellion was-the
intimidation of the North, or the actual overthrow
of the Government; his duty was clear and plain;
and had he, when requested and urged to do so,
•placed one thousand men in the forts which have
since been seized by the secessionists, he would
have retired from the presidential chair with the
people of every State obedient to the Govern-
ment; and it would never have been said that,
during his Administiation, six States, unmolested
and unrestrained, set at defiance the Constitution
and the laws, and assumed to establish a separate
Gove rnment.
How the evils which now surround us are to
be overcome, time alone can tell. The numer-
ous and conflicting propositions for altering and
amending the Constitution, prove conclusively
that experience has not shown that any particu-
lar alterations or amendments are needed. And
j a Constitution under which a people have lived
i foi almost three quarters of a century prosperous
and happy, grojwn from three million to thirty
million, should receivc only such amendments as
experience has shown to be necessary. It should
not be altered or touched in any time of excite-
ment, or to meet any sudden difficulty which the
Government should encounter, not requiring the
exercise of new constitutional powers.
I agree with the distinguished Senator from
Vermont, that it is proper that Congress propose
and recommend amendments to the Constitution
only in ease the General Government feels the
want of more delegated powers; and that where
the States desire amendments to the Constitution
for their security or protection, they should ask
Congress to call a convention.
Now, sir, if the people shall come to the con-
clusion that any amendments to the Constitution
are necessary at this time, the Legislatures of the
States will apply to Congress to call a convention
for proposing amendments; and it will be the duty
of Congress u> call the convention. Such a con-
vention would bring together the ablest men from
till tlv States; not lor the purposes of general le-
gislation: noi to provide for carrying on the Gov-
ernment for the time being; but only to consult
and act upon the important question of altering
or amending the Constitution. Such a conven-
tion might exert a salutary influence upon the
country, whether they should propose amend-
ments to the Constitution or not. lint this is a
question not for Congress, but for the people.
Mr. Speaker, 1 feel confident that Mr Lincoln
and the wuso and patriotic men whom he wiil call
around him will do all that can be done to unite
the people and restore peace and harmony to the
country.
1 expect no very sudden or miraculous cure of
existing evils. I shall be well content if the next
four years shall cure the evils which the last four
have produced. It is easier to pull down than to
build up, to destroy than to restore. I trust that the
wisdom, firmness, and moderation of the incom-
ing AdmmistiuUon will satisfy the people of the
whole countt y that they have intrusted the Gov-
ernment to .safe hands. And 1 hope arid trus>tthat
the people m .the Slates now in rebellion against
the Government, when they shall see that the
rights of all sections of the country are respected,
and when they shall realize, as they soon will,
the evils and misfortunes which secession has
brought upon them, will reject the counsels of the
men who have precipitated them into rebellion
against the best Government the world ever saw.
and return to their allegiance.
1 rejoice, Mr. Speaker, that, these evils have not
fallen upon the country during an administration
of the Government for which we on this side of
the House aie responsible. If the men we have
elected to office do their duty fiom the 4th of
March, come what may, the responsibility of this
rebellion will not rest upon us.
I doubt not that these men will do their duty
boldly and fearlessly. When they were called to
take command of the ship of State, they knew
that they could not expect constant fair weather.
They knew that there might be the storm and the
gale, as well as the clear sky and the propitious
breeze; and they are not the men to throw over-
board the chart and compass by which they pro-
posed to steer, when the tempest is upon them.
But, Mr. Speaker, whether the slave States
shall remain m this Union or not, I fear not that
I shall not have country. I have not lost my
confidence in God, nor in man's ability for self-
government. 1 do not believe that the world is to
roll backward, or that the great truths which the
life of this nation has illustrated are to be stricken
from the page of knowledge or the hearts of men.
I fear not that the flag with the stars and stripes
will not continue to wave over the free States. If
our brethren of the South shall leave us, that flag
will still float over twenty million people, and fiom
the rising of the sun to the going down thereof,
it will cast its shadow on the head of no human
being whom it will not protect m all the essential
rights of manhood. It wili be the emblem of
twenty million people, each one of whom will ask
for himself no civil or political rights which he
will not, on the same terms and conditions, will-
ingly accord to every other man That flag will
be the emblem of justice, right, and power.
THE CRISIS.
SPEECH OF HON. JNO. B. HASKIN,
OF NEW YORK,
In the House of Representatives,
February 23, 1861,
In favoi of the Union, the Constitution, and the enforce-
ment of the laws.
Mr HASKIN said:
Mr. Speaker: The times are out of joint. The
folly of our rulers and the madness of a part of
the people have endangered the existence of the
greatest Republic the worldeversaw;n.nd the heart
of every patriot now beats with anxiety and fear,
lest it shall be broken into fragments and irre-
trievable ruin follow. The Constitution formed
by our ancestors is no longer held sacred; and the
Union, to which it gave birth, seems to be a play-
thing in the hands of traitors. Coming as 1 do
from a district m which the treason of an Arnold
was fiist discoveied and defeated, I feel called upon
to take part, m this debate, and to express the utter
detestation and contempt of my constituents—who
never knew how to treat traitors except to punish
them—for those who are now in rebellion against
the United States. Most of the gentlemen who
have spoken upon the propositions reported to
the House from the committee of thirty-three,
have dealt with our troubles as they now exist,-"
without examining the primary causes which led
to them; and the lemedies they have suggested
have not struck mc as being likely to produce the
promised result—the preservation of the Union
What we want is a positive and efficacious remedy
Mr. Speaker, 1 start out with the declaration
that the perilous condition of the country is di-
rectly traceable to the conduct of the present Ad-
ministration; and I shall endeavor to satisfy the
House that, had the President and his immediate
advisers been true to their oaths of office, and hon-
est and faithful in their administration of the law,
our people would now be as umfed, prosperous,
and happy, as they were befoi e they mti listed the
reins of Government into the hands of these un-
worthy public servants. The opinion generally
prevails that the agitation of the slavery question
has been the cause of all our present woes. I ad-
mit that the power of protecting or prohibiting the
institution in the Territoiies has been the subject
of serious controversy; but, in my opinion, it has
not been the controlling element m the movement
towards the formation of a southern confedeiacy
That had its oi igiu in a question of political econ-
omy. Bold and aspiring politicians m the South
haveforgotten their loyalty and patriotism as their
ambitious hopes of being called to preside over
the destinies of the nation have faded before the
increasing preponderance of the North and the
West; and now declare that they are satisfied that
the continuance of the Union, as it exists under
the Constitution, is incompatible with their own
interests and the permanence of that southern po-
litical power which has hitherto prevailed m all
Federal affairs. In proof of this proposition, it is
only necessary to recall the attempt at nullifica-
tion by Mr. Calhoun and his followers in South
