THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIYES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Sixth Congress, 2d Session.
WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 13, 1861.
New Series No. 54.
of them. The law of Congress passed in 1812,
and afterwards confirmed By a subsequent law
passed in 1817, declares that no person shall per-
form the duties of a purser unless he has first been
appointed by the President of the United States,
and confirmed by the Senate, and authorized,
therefore, to act in that capacity. Yet, according
to the naval register of the last year, the last that
has been published, there are fifteen officers of-the
line thatare performing this duty, and therefore act-
ing in direr.tcontravention of thelaw of Congress.
They were compelled to do it because there were
no pursers. This operates as a great injustice to
the sailors, because there is no umpire between
the sailors and United States, in which capacity
the commander of the vessel ordinarily acts.
"Whenever there is any conflict between the pur-
serand a person to whom money is paid or rations
are delivered, the commander acts as the umpire
to decide those controversies; but when the com-
mander acts in the capacity of purser, or pay-
master, there is nobody to perform that duty. It
is unjust to the Government likewise, and unjust
to the man who acts as purser, because you com-
plicate his duties, and disable liim from perform-
ing, as well as he otherwise would, either of these
branches of duty which will be required of him
either as commander of the men, and the naviga-
tor of the ship, or as purser.
It is proposed by this amendment to gradually
decrease the number of pursers from sixty-four
down to fifty, and to gradually increase the whole
number of pay-officers, by adding assistant pur-
sers, allowing five to be appointed in the course
of every six months, until you get up to the num-
ber of thirty-five; and thus you will stand, at the
end, with fifty pursers, and thirty-five assistant
pursers, not making any very material difference,
so far as the expenses are concerned, to the Gov-
ernment, but making a much more efficient corps
for the performance of duty.
There is a proposition in the amendment which
1 suppose will meet with considerable opposition,
and which I am not particularly anxious should
be adopted, although I believe that it is for the
interest of the service that it should be adopted;
and that is, that these assistant pursers shall be
between the ages oftwenty-one and thirty—twen-
ty-six wasinsertedin the amendment, but it should
be thirty, which was the agreement of the com-
mittee—and that so long as there shall be appli-
cants from among the graduates of the Naval
Academy they shall be taken from that corps, be-
fore going into civil life for their procurement. I
will give the reasons for this.
In the first place, if you go to the line, or go to
the Academy for these officers, it ceases to be a
political office, and is not to be bestowed upon
anybody because he happens to have been an ac-
tive or influential partisan in a political campaign.
Then, again, you gctonewho is conversant with
the duties of the situation to which he is called,
and also acquainted with sea life; and I believed it
to be very important—and I think the committee
concurred with me in that opinion—if you desire
to promote the esprit du corps of the service, that
you should havemen somewhatfamiliar with sea
life. Besides, you give to a purser in the Navy
a rank as an officer, and there will be some reason
for giving this rank to him, if you take him from
the line, or if you take him from among the grad-
uates of your Academy, and therefore have a man
who is competent to discharge sea duty at any
time. There was another reason, and that was
because these pursers may be called upon to work
the ship—to command the men. Incasesof con-
flict with a foreign Power, it may be not only im-
portant, but very necessary to order a purser to
command a prize; or if the officers were mostly
shot down, it might be very important that he
should command the very vessel on which he was.
If you take an officer from the line, or take him
from the Acadcmy, and put him in this position,
you have a man who is competent to discharge
that duty.
That is not all. If you take a man from the
Academy, or one who has passed through the
54:
Academy, you get one of perfect physique. These
young1 gentlemen, when they go there, are thor-
oughly examined upon that subject; and youtako
a man who is perfect in his development, and take
him in the prime of life, when he is capable of
performing important service to the country. I
know a purser, recently appointed, a man a little
past the meridian of life, appointed probably on
account of his having been an active partisan; and
upon the first cruise, before he had been twelve
months in the service, he was stricken down, dis-
abled, and always will remain disabled, and he
re«tjftins upon your hands a pensioner; and if he
livik to be seventy years of age, you will have to
pay him a salary amounting to leave-pay. But
if you had taken that man at twenty-one or at
twenty-five or twenty-nine, you would have had
probably fifteen or twenty or twenty-five years of
good, efficient, active service out of him. This
amendment, therefore, limits the age at which
these young men shall have arrived at the time
that they receive their commissions as assistant
pursers; and limits it for the protection of the Gov-
ernment, in order that we may have men who are
not to be appointed because tney are partisans or
have been partisans; because they have been bro-
ken-down merchants, arc past the meridian of life,
and have families dependent upon them; but
young, active, thoroughgoing, efficient men, who
can really perform efficient duty for the Govern-
ment.
Mr. HUNTER. Mr. President, I think this
is a very inappropriate time to be adding so
largely to the number of officers of the Navy.
Instead of sixty-four pursers, it seems we are
to have now e'ighty-five pursers and assistant
pursers; and I do not see any very marked dis-
tinction between the duties of the purser and the
assistants. I have no doubt the result, if wc adopt
this amendment, will be that, after awhile, the as-
sistant pursers will say they discharge the same
duties with the others; that we want the eighty-
five pursers, and that they ought to be raised to
the same rate of pay.
Mr. GRIMES. The Senator will allow me. I
ought to have said, before the Senator commenced,
that, seven years ago, the Committee on Naval
Affairs in the Senate, through its chairman, Mr.
Mallory, and the Committee on Naval Affairs
oftheHouse ofRepresentatives, through its chair-
man, Mr. Bocock, proposed to Congress to create
this grade of assistant pursers, and to create a
number only one less than that proposed by this
amendment; and I desire to say to the Senator,
that that was in 1854, two years before the time
when Congress increased the number of men in
the Navy by one thousand; which was done in
1856, and before we had built the eight sloops-of-
war.
Mr. HUNTER. I have great respect for the
authorities which the Senator cites; but still, I
submit again, that this is not the time to be in-
creasing the number of officers so largely as it is
proposed to do here. I do not, as I stated before,
see the distinction between the duties to be per-
formed by the one and the other class of officers.
Both, if I understand it, have to discharge the
same duties, and yet they get different salaries.
Mr. GRIMES. It is the design that the as-
sistant pursers shall be assigned to small vessels.
They are to be young men, in the prime of life.
The idea is that they will be assigned to such ves-
sels as we have determined by the senatorial vote
to-day to build; and that men who have been in the
service for twenty or thirty years, if they go to
sea, shall be assigned to other vessels, and draw
a larger pay than these young gentlemen.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Allow me to ask the Sen-
ator from Iowa one question befcre the Senator
from Virginia proceeds. Will not their pay be
predicated on the time of service; and after they
get in, will it not be constantly increasing from
time to time ? By our last Navy bill the pay is in-
creased gradually in a scries of years. After they
have been m the service a certain length of time,
it is increased, I suppose; and so on.
Mr. GRIMES. Yes, sir.
Mr. HUNTER. The result, then, if I under-
stand,will be, thattheywill all be paid alike; and
the whole proposition is one for the creation of a
new grade of officers, and for the purpose of add-
ing to the number of pursers now in the Navy.
Mr. GRIMES. The Senator will observe that
it does not increase the pay materially. We only
authorize the creation of five assistant pursers
during the next six months; and then, during the
next ensuing six months, five more, and so on;
so that there is no immediate increase.
Mr. HUNTER. The system which is pro-
posed, requires that we shall have eighty-five
pursers and assistant pursers, instead of sixty-
four, now allowed by law. It is obvious that we
shall thus increase the expenses of that branch
of the service very much; and, as I said before,
it seems to mo that this is surely not the time to
be making these additions, when the Treasury is
in the condition in which wc now find it. Nor is
this the bill upon which we should be making
these radical changes; changes which look to the
reorganization of the naval service of the country.
The appropriation bills ought to be simple. They
ought to be bills for which anybody can vote who
desires to keep up the Navy of the country, with-
out having to commit himself to schemes of re-
organization, to experiment, to anything that may
be suggested by the Committee on Naval Affairs
in the way of reform. These should be the sub-
jects of separate bills. Perhaps if this proposi-
tion had come up separately, and been fully con-
sidered, I might—I'hardly think I should though,
—favor it. There might be a majority for it; but
it is a sufficient reason to vote against it at pres-
ent, because it ought not to be appended to this
bill. I think it is a still higher reason for voting
against it, because it is going to commit the coun-
try to a much larger expenditure than it would
have to encounter under the existing law. Before
we have done with all these schemes of reorgani-
zation on this appropriation bill, we shall have it
as large as one of Little & Brown's volumes of
the Statutes at Large.
Mr. POWELL. I move to strike out that pro-
vision of the amendment which requires these
assistant paymasters to be taken from the gradu-
ates of the Naval Academy.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot.)
The amendment to the amendment is, to strike
out-—
"That no person shall be appointed fin assistant pay-
master in the Navy, excepting gi actuates of the Naval Acad-
emy, if any such graduate shall, at the time of such appoint-
ments, be an applicant therefor, and shall, in other respects,
comply with the requirements of the act."
Mr. POWELL. I had supposed that we edu-
cated the young gentlemen at the Naval Academy
for the purpose of making them skilled in naval
affairs, for the purpose of fighting. This amend-
ment proposes to make them mere accounting
clerks and paymasters. I think it is absolutely
disgraceful to the naval service to put them in the
pay department. Any young gentleman who has
been raised in a banking-house, or as a clerk in a
store would be better qualified to perform this
duty, than young gentlemen educated at the Naval
Academy. Moreover, I think it eminently proper
that these duties should be performed by gentle-
men taken from civil life.
Mr. CHANDLER. I am in favor of the amend-
ment of the Senator from Kentucky; and I am
opposed to the amendment increasing the number
of clerks, (for that is what they amount to.) The
captain of each of these small vessels, I am in-
formed, has a clerk, a captain's clerk, perfectly
competent to keep the accounts of forty, or fifty 
or sixty men. Now it is proposed to create a
new officer, with a salary of one thousand or fif-
teen hundred dollars a year, to keep the accounts
of fifty men. Sir, I hope the whole thing will be
voted down. I am in favor of this amendment ot
the Senator from Kentucky; because, as he justly
, remarked, any merchant's clerk anywhere is bet-
| ter prepared to perform these duties than gradu-
j ates of the naval school. I hope they will not be
I degraded from the pursuit for which they are ed-
