266
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 23,
36th Cons....2d Sess.
The Crisis—Mr. HasMn.
Ho. oi? Reps.
wisdom of man will satisfy the r^en who are at
the head of this treasonable plot at the South. The
^ay of American statesmen, it appears to me, has
passed away. It is said that difficulties similar
to those which flow environ us were safely sur-
mounted in the perilous year of 1850. True; but
we then had living statesmen to meet and conquer
them- A Clay and a Webster flourished then,
and controlled public opinion; butthey have taken
their places among the mighty dead; while their
great antagonist, Calhoun, still lives in his doc-
trines, which have poisoned the patriotism of the
southern people; for wherever you can point me
a man now engaged in dismembering the Union,
I can show you one of his most zealous disciples.
Jefferson Davis and L. Q,. C. Lamar, in Mis-
sissippi; William L. Yancey, C. C. Clay, jr., and
J. L. M. Curry, in Alabama; Governor Pickens,
Rhett. Hammond, Keitt, and others too numer-
ous to mention, in South Carolina; Toombs and
Howell Cobb, in Georgia; Mai lory and Yulee, in
Florida; and Slide!! and Benjamin, in Louisiana,
art* all worshipers at the same shrine erected by
Calhoun—the shrine of asouttiern slave empire, in
the establishment of which each hopes to secure
his ambitious aspirations. How grand and grat-
ifying the idea! They, the controlling spirits
of n government the boundaries of which they
fondly dream they can extend by stealing Mexico,
Central America, and Cuba, and in which they
can reopen the African slave trade without being
disturbed by a protesting North. It is this pros-
pect that is inviting them on; and I fear no con-
cession or compromise can make them retrace the
steps they have already taken.
And why should we now makeany concessions
to them' ltisthby,not us, who have committed
the wrong. Are they not in open rebellion against
the laws of the United Stales, and traitoisto the
Union; and even worse, if a word could be found
to express theirgrand larceny of the United States |
forts, behind which they are entrenched while j
professing peace? What concessions from free
Stales will satisfy men who have determined that
slave labor shall build up an empire and make
them wealthy and great: With our experience
of the little importance attached to former com-
promises by the South still fresh in our recollec-
tions, it is ridiculous to talk about entering into
another, and that with rebels and traitois with
arms in their hands. In 1820 the Missouri Com-
promise was adopted to save the Union, upon the
motion and by the votesof .southern men; in 1850,
upon the admission of California, the fugitive
slave law, drawn by a Virginia statesman, was
passed, to satisfy the South, by giving her addi
tionai guarantees under the Constitution; and, in
1854. the Missouri compromise was repealed, in
order, as we are assured by the Representatives
from that section, to forever remove the question
of slavery from the halls of Congress, and thus
render the Union perpetual. Out this last conces-
sion, like those that had been made before, did
not give these malcontents exactly what they
wanted, and now they are again threatening that
they will withdraw from the Union unless wo
consent to restore the Missouri lino and protect
slavery south of it. Mr. Speaker, the restoiation
of that line will not save the Union. It is to be
saved by no isothermal line.
Let us inquire what was determined in the last
presidential election. Did (he people declare in
favor of protecting slavery in the Territories?
JNTo. Old they declare m favor of prohibiting
slavery in the Territories? No. Did they, then,
declare in favor of popular soveieignty, the in-
herent and inalienable i ight of man to govern him-
self, as applicable to the Territories'1 No. Neither
of these propositions was indorsed by a majority
of the American people. The simple question
decided in the November election was, that the
Democratic party, which had been in power for
twelve consecutive years, was, by reason of its
extravagance and corruption, no longer fit to con-
trol the destinies of this great Republic. It was
a popular rebuke to Mr. Buchanan and his Ad-
ministration, similar, in the desire of the people
for a change of rulers, to that administered to
Martin Van Buren, in 1840, by the election of
• General Harrison. To say that Mr. Lincoln, the
Presidentelect, triumphed on the Wilmot proviso
as incorporated in the Chicago platform, is to
ignore the fact that he owes his success to the
divisions in the Democratic party, and the other
and stronger fact that the people, in casting then-
votes, were governed principally by an anxiety to
secure an honest and economical administration
of the Governmentafter 1860. 1 venture to assert
that he would never have received 1,858,000 votes
had it not been for the circumstances I have men-
tioned. Besides, it cannot be claimed that his
election is a popular indorsement of the Chicago
platform, for the reason that he is in a minority of
nearly one million votes in the Union, Judge Doug-
las having received 1,550,000, Mr. Breckinridge
G54.000, and Mr. Bell 586,000—a total of 2,790,000
against the ] ,858,000 votes cast for him.
Every phase of the slavery question was, how-
ever, represented in the last campaign. Mr. Doug-
las was advocated upon the principle of non-inter-
vention by Congress with slavery in the Territories
and the right ot the people in every organized Ter-
ritory to form and regulate their domestic institu-
tions in their own way. This was the s.amc prin-
ciple which the Democratic party proclaimed in
its creed in 1856, and upon which Buchanan and
Breckinridgccame into power. Mr. Bell's plat-
form was "the Constitution, the Union, and the
enforcement of the laws;" and his party_ treated
the question of the extension of slavery into the
Territories as an abstraction upon which the
southern mind was lashed into fury without cause,
and proposed to deal with it as emergency de-
manded when a Territory applied for admission
into the Union as a State. The Chicago platform,
; upon which Mr. Lincoln was nominated, declared
the right of Congress to prohibit slavery in the
Territories, while Mr. Breckinridge represented
the converse of the proposition—the power and
duty of Congress to protect slavery in the Terri-
tories. The contemptible minority vote of the
latter satisfied every sensible man that those who
had advanced such a doctnnc could never have
hoped that it would receive the sanction of a
majority of the American people, and that they
merely proclaimed it to excite the fears and arouse
the jealousy of slaveholders, and thus obtain their
consent to the project of ;i southern confederacy.
j[ No, Mr. Speaker, I repeat that this secession
I movement never originated from any of the is-
|i sues involved in the last political campaign. A
|! truthful exposition of its cause was made in the
!j speeches ol Senators Hammond and Toombs, in
![ the Thirty-Fifth and Thirty-Sixth Congresses.
They read the handwriting on the wall; they fore-
saw thai the power of the Government was soon
to pass from their grasp; and they declared, in
advance, that they would never submit to the will
of the majority; while,at the same time, they art-
fully arrayed their people against our'4 mud-sills"
of the North, under the banner of the divinity of
slave labor. Any one who reads the speeches of
either will he convinced that it is the loss of the
Federal patronage and their controlling influence
m public ailairs, which they so arrogantly boasted
that they had held for half u century, that prompts
them to dissolve the ties that bind us together.
Their motive is that which controlled the rebel-
lious angels befoiv the fall—
"They would lather rule m hell
Thansoivo in lie.iven
and I never will consent to peimit them to disor-
ganize and destroy what they find they cannot
possess. As a northern man; as a Union Repre-
sentative; nay, as a citizen of this great country,
I will, to the extent of my ability, do all m my
power to assist in the successful inauguration of
the incoming Administration, and the enforce-
ment of the laws; and will sustain Mr. Lincoln,
jf ho endeavors to bring the Government back to
the economical and honest policy of Jefferson and
Madison.
Mr. Speaker, in a popular Government parties
are the necessary representatives of the different
shades of that public opinion which controls and
directs the Government; and that party the lead-
ers of which promise and furnish the safest guar-
antees that they will best guard the public inter-
est and promote the general welfare, is generally
intrusted with the responsibility by a majority
of the people. Unfortunately, atthis crisis, party
leaders seem to have forgotten the people they
represent, and to regard the Government as their
prey, rather than as a sacred trust. Under their
baneful influence, the great old political organiza-
tions of the past have degenerated, until to-day
theie is no party to champion our nationality.
Yet there is still as much honesty and as much
patriotism among the people as there ever was,
and I predict that, out of this storm, there will
come victorious a party repiesenting that honesty
and that patriotism which will rule the destinies
of the country m the future.
And here let me remaik, that the history of
paitics in this country justifies a change of views
and of measures, whenever the cause of right and
justice demands such change. A true statesman,
who thinks for his whole country, should act like
a skillful general, and, no matter what iiis posi-
tion may have been at the commencement of a
battle, should advance or retreat, as the necessi-
ties of the case required. We have had such men,
and I will instance a few. Mr. Webster, early
in his political career, opposed a protective tariff,
but subsequently advocated one. Mr. Clay was
at one time opposed to the rcchartering of a Uni-
ted States bunk, but afterwards became a most
eloquent defenderof that monopolizing institution,
and demanded that it should be rechartered. Mr
Calhoun, in early life, favored internal improve-
ments and a protective policy, but in later years
vehemently opposed both. Imitating these illus-
trious examples, the premier of the incommgAd-
ministration, Mr Seward, who has, perhaps,
done more than any man living to settle and fix
the sentiment of the entire North against the ex-
tension of slavery into the Territories of the Uni-
ted States, is now willing, through fear of a dis-
solution of the Union, to recall all he has said on
the subject. In the course of his electioneering
tour,lastfall, he proclaimed on every stump, from
Detroit to Leavenworth, and back to his home at
Auburn, that the Republican party and its candi-
dates were wedded to the idea of the enforcement
of the Wilmot proviso. He insisted that Mr. Lin-
coln belonged to the Massachusetts school of pol-
itics, m which school he declared he had been
educated, and expected to live and die.
Since it has been given out that this distin-
guished statesman is to be the Secretary of State
undef the new Administration, he has announced
that the slavery plank of the Republican platform
is already worn out and useless; and that, to save
the Union, he is willing to change, as other states-
men have changed, in behalf of peace, patronage,
and power, and the continuance of our present
Government. Senator Douglas, doubtless for
patiiotic reasons, has also avowed his willingness
to yield former opinions, and consent to the res-
toration of the Missouri compromise, which he
repealed, by the adoption of a constitutional
amendment as proposed by Senator Crittendex.
From my independent position, I am not dis-
posed to find fault with Mr. Seward for his change.
The propriety of that step is to be determined by
Republicans of that school of northern ethics at
the head of which, until recently, he has stood.
A change to suit the march of events and the prog-
ress of the age, in favor of right, should not be
condemned. Politicians sometimes seize the op-
portunity to destroy a distinguished opponent
who makes such a change; but the people, more
honest, generally award due credit where they
see the design and the object is good, and sustain
the statesman who sacrifices his record for their
welfare. One of the noblest examples we have
of this description of statesman-like courage and
sagacity is furnished in the advocacy of the re-
form bill by Sir Robert Peel, whereby he won the
first place m the hearts of the people of England,
and was enabled to command the smiles of the
Crown, whose cause he abandoned on that occa-
sion to promote the welfare of thelaboring classes.
The Democratic and the Whig parties have
both changed front on important national issues
with progressive events. In the presidential con-
test of 1852, each 1 ndorsed the compromise meas-
ures of 1850 in their platforms, and yet, shortly
after the presidential election we find Democrats
and Whigs uniting in the adoption of a new pol-
icy in reference to the subject of slavery. In
1856, the Democratic party planted itself upon
thi> doctrine of non-intervention, as previously
declared by its national conventions in 1848 and
1852, and this doctrine met with general approval
as the only one which could settle the slavery
