1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
851
Mr. COLLAMER. That bill has no warlike
purpose whatever. It is to avoid that. It is to
declare them no longer ports of entry, so that
ships will not make clearances to them. It will
prevent the necessity of any military force there.
Mr. MASON. I have not spoken one word,
Mr. President, of the reasons that induced the
honorable Senator to introduce that bill. I am
speaking of the fact. The honorable Senator has
introduced a bill giving authority to the Presi-
dent,undercertain circumstances stated in the bill,
to discontinue ports of entry. Very well. I speak
of the fact only. What it may lead to is another
question. This proposition is to increase the
naval armament by seven steamers ofsmall draught
and heavy armament. Now, sir, what is the con-
dition of the country? I am not going: to enter
into any prospective reasoning as to what may be
the condition of the country; but what is it? We
have seven States, all in the South, all lying upon
the Gulf and its waters, that have abandoned this
Union by solemn acts, and have announced- it,
with a Congress in session. Six of those States
whose acts of separation have been completed,
we are informed have confederated, formed a sep-
arate government, organized a government, es-
tablished a constitution, elected a President, at
the last accounts, and stand now, as they claim,
a supreme and independent power among the
nations of the earth. Is that known here ? No;
it is not known here. There is not a Senator on
that side of the Chamber that knows it. One hon-
orable Senator said there were discontented por-
tions of the country, and that this naval arma-
ment had no reference to discontents in certain
parts of the country. Sovereign States that have
confederated, formed a government and a nation-
ality, and organized it, with a flag and a being,
are spoken of here by honorable Senators as dis-
contents in certain parts of the country!
Now, sir, other gentlemen may shut their eyes
to these facts, if they think it wise to do so. I
come from that part of the country; I cannot shut
my eyes to the existing facts. 1 know that, what-
ever may be the design of the honorable mover of
this proposition, if these steamers are built, they
will be part of the naval armament of this Con-
federation, to be used for any military purposes
that the public exigencies may require; and I
know that the proposition of the honorable Sen-
ator from Vermont will lead to this, whatever he
intends. Take the State ofSouth Carolina, the State
of Georgia, or the State of Florida. This Gov-
ernment docs not know that they are no longer
portions of it. They are not informed of that fact,
but they do know that the discontents prevailing
there have induced all the Federal officers to re-
sign, and they have nobody there to administer
the Federal laws. They know that, and therefore
iheydiscontinue the ports of entry. Then a ship
from abroad, that is destined lor the port of
Charleston or of Savannah, has no right under the
Federal laws to go either into Charleston or Sa-
vannah, and it will be the duty of this Govern-
ment, acting in the ignorance which they assume
of the existence of these facts in the South, to take
care that no ships do go there, because no ship
with a foreign cargo has any right to go into any
of the ports of the United States but a port of
entry.
Mr. COLLAMER. If the gentleman will in-
dulge me for a moment, the very object of the bill
was, that if they were declared to be no longer
ports of entry, foreign vessels would take no clear-
ances for them, and never go there atall, and there
would be no occasion for any force about it.
Mr. MASON. Whether foreign vessels can
take a clearance for them will depend on whether
foreign nations have their eyes open to the state
of the facts against which our eyes are shut. I
apprehend that foreign nations will give clearances
for them.
Mr. COLLAMER. To ports of the United
States.
Mr. MASON. They will take a clearance to
the port of Charleston or Savannah, The Sen-
ator says that they are not ports of the United
States: and what follows? Why, thepublic force
of the United States mustseize the ship that goes
into the port that is not a port of entry. Now,
it is idle for us to conceal or disguise this matter
any longer. If the bill of the honorable Senator
passes, it will be the duty of the Treasury to take
caie that the revenue laws are not violated in the
contemplation oftheUnited States, and these very
ships, as soon as they are ready, will be used for
the purpose of shutting up those southern ports
as the port of Boston was shut up under like cir-
cumstances, by a power abroad, equally oppress-
ive with this power at home. It is in the con-
templation of the bill of the honorable Senator,
whatever he may have designed, to convert these
southern ports into the condition that Boston
was when it was closed. Whatever Senators on
that side may say, our eyes are not shut to the
fact.
I cannot, then, vote for this appropriation. If
the Treasury was full, I should feel myself con-
strained to vote against it, lest a misuse should be
made of the naval power; but with the Treasury
in the condition that it is, when this Government
is a mendicant in the circles of capitalists for
money, and when this Government, like other
mendicants, is asking its superiors to indorse
their paper, that they may get the money; and
when we are asked by those who administer the
Government to make this extraordinary appro-
priation under these ciicumstances, I am bound
to believe that they want to increase the naval
force for purposes that are not avowed on the
facc of the proposition. Until the condition of the
country in its relations North and South are set-
tled, by no vote of mine shall there beany extraor-
dinary expenditure of the public money for cither
Army or Navy.
It is high time, sir, for the Government to take
into consideration the state of things on our late
southern holders,and determine what those rela-
tions arc. They should meet it like men. Do not
attempt to cover it up and to evade it or disguise
it; meet it in full front; declare that they are in
rebellion, and they are to be put down; ordcclare
that they have the right of separation, and are to
be acknowledged in their separation. Thisismy
view of that matter. Those States being out, hav-
ing actually confederated, having assumed a na-
tionality, I should consider it was the bounden
duty of the Government, no matter what question
separates them—whether it be a slave question or
a question nfdomesticeconomy, oranythingclse—
to acknowledge the separation and to let them go
in peace; but until those relations are settled sat-
isfactorily, until we know whether the arm of this
Government is to be raised against them, by no
vote of mine shall theie be any additions either
to the naval or military service of the country.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr. Picsident, I have
been somewhat surprised at the course of remark
of the honorable Senator ftom Virginia; not so
much, however, as I should be had I not heard a
similar course of remark from him on a former
occasion. Now, sir, it is well enough for us to
understand precisely what the condition of this
question is, and who is losponsible for it; because
it is rather a singular address to make to this side
of the Chamber from that, to appeal to us to know
what is the object of the proposition now before
the Senate, who has been in power for the last
four years; I should like to know? The Republican
party? Who has been administering the affairs
of this Government? The Republican party ? The
Senator will hardly pretend that. Why, then,
does he appeal to us? Have we brought forward
this proposition ? Does it come from us, that we
aie thusscoldcd? Why, sir, look back into your
own records of your own party, coming from
your own President and your own Senate com-
mittee, year after year, and you have precisely
this proposition to build these bteamers. We have
had it every year, for the last four, certainly—a
proposition to increase your naval force, becausc
an increase of that force was necessary. It came
from your President; it is the offer of your Ad-
ministration; it is the recommendation of your
friends; it is approved by your committee in this
body, year after year. Why then do you talk to
us about jt ? Why not address the honorable Sen-
ator from New Jersey, [Mr. Thomson?] Why
not add less the honorable Senator from Florida,
! [Mr. Mallory,] who was so long the chairman
of that committee?
Has there been any change in the condition of
the country that should render this increase less
necessary ? Why, sir, it is predicated, in all these
repoits of the heads of Departments, upon the
necessities of that arm of the service. They
wanted it for the protection of our commerce.
They wanted it to enable us to make a respectable
appearance in the eyes of the world. That has
been the reason assigned, and that has been the
reason urged here, year after year, by the repre-
sentative of the Committee on Naval Affairs, who
was from one of these very seceding States. It
has been his argument—wehavingnothingof the
kind which could be called a naval force in reality;
and it was recommended by your authority, by
men whom you placed in office, and whom you
profess to follow, to increase this force from the
absolute necessity of the case; and now that it
happens to be brought forward again at this pres-
ent time, under these circumstances, for the fourth
time from this same source, the appeal is made to
•us, why is this recommended, and why do we on
this side of the Chamber support this proposi-
tion? Why, sir, the thing is remarkable. Has
the Senator forgotten these facts?
Then, sir, I suppose I am bound to look at it
in another light, if these things are so, the argu-
ment of the Senator is predicated upon the idea
that something has occurred to render it less ne-
cessary than it was last year, or the year before,
or the year before that. He is opposed to it now,
because it is not necessary, although the Admin-
istration say so. Why is it less necessary ? Be-
cause six or seven States of this Union have
chosen to withdraw from it, and not only chosen
to withdraw from it, but to seize the public prop-
erty—in substance to declare war against the Uni-
ted States—to take possession of the public fortifi-
cations of this country, to seize the custom-houses,
to seize the mints, to do what, if it took place be-
tween individuals, would be characterized by any
name but a respectable one, especially in the case
of New Orleans; all these things have taken place,
and do they render the increase of the naval force
of the United States of America less necessary in
any point? Is our commerce safer? Is the pub-
lic property in a better condition ? Are we so
much better off in consequence of having five or
six States withdraw, and our fortifications seized,
our mints seized, our custom-houses seized—are
we in so much better condition, that what was
needed last year as an increase of the naval force
is not needed this? Is this the argument of the
Senator?
Why, the Senator will permit me to ask him,
respectfully, whom he represents here? Is he a
Senator of the United States of America, that he
makes an argument of that character? Does he
stand up here in his placc and say, " I, as a Sen-
ator of the United States, and member of this
great body, bound to advise for the good of the
country, the good of the Government, say that, in
consequence of all that has taken place, the force
of the Government must be diminished?" Not-
withstanding the surveys that have taken placc
within the last year show that a portion of the
vessels are unfit for service, and therefore you need
more, yet, in consequence of the fact that we have
several States of this Confederacy in revolt, if you
please to call it so—in consequence of the fact that
they have seized the public property—in conse-
quence of the fact that they have avowed through
their public journals that they will declare war
against the United States in a certain contingency;
therefore, says the Senator, as a Senator of the
United States I object even to the force which was
necessary last year! It strikes me that is a sin-
gular line of argument for a Senator of the United
States to pursue.
I confess, Mr. President, that, in the view which
I take of these matters, the course which has been
adopted by some gentlemen on the other side of
the Chamber has seemed to me very astonishing.
With the honorable Senator from Mississippi,
[Mr. Davis,] who left this Chamber some days
since, I recognize the fact that, while I am here
as a member of the Senate of the United States, I
am bound to discharge my duties as a Senator of
the United States, without reference to what may
be passing outside of this Chamber. So long as
I stay here, receiving the money of the Govern-
ment, and sworn to support the Government, I
look out to the best of my ability for the interests
and the welfare of the Government. If I can no
longer do that, I will leave my place here and
return to my State, and say, I am at its service.
Now, sir, how do we, who remain here, we whose
States have not seceded,or offered to secede, stand
as Senators at the present time? We look upon
these occurrences, remarkable as they are, taking
place outside of this Chamber; and we are bound
