852
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 11,
to deal with them as antagonisms, for they are
antagonisms; we are bound to look upon them as
opposing the interests and the welfare of the Gov-
ernment under which we live, the United States,
and the Constitution of the United States, which
we have sworn to support. That is the point of
view in which we must look at them. Can gentle-
men, therefore, say to themselves and to the coun-
try, " I, standing here as a member of this Gov-
ernment, must look out and keep my eyes open
to see, not that this Government has the advantage
of my counsels, but that those outside of it, who
are waging war against it, have the benefit of my
counsels and my aid?"
Why, sir, take into consideration, in connec-
tion with this question, the bill which was offered
by my friend from Vermont. What was it? Sim-
ply a bill to provide that where the revenue can-
not be collected, at a particular place, or a partic-
ular point, that place shall cease to be recognized
as one where revenue shall be, or can be, legally
collected under the Government. Is not this what
we owe to foreigners > Take the port of Charles-
ton , as an illustration. What are they doing there ?
Is our revenue collected there? Is the revenue of
the United States any longer collected there ? Do
they recognize our officers? Do they in any way
say or admit that we have the slightest particle of
right in thatplace ? And yet the proposition which
is made, that the President, under such circum-
stances, shall have power to put an end to the
existence of that port as ours, is characterized as
an unfriendly act, one designed to coerce a State;
one designed, in fact, to bring the force of the
United States to bear upon a portion of the coun-
try which declares it is no longer under its juris-
diction ! I would ask the honorable Senator, do
we not owe it to the foreign Governments them-
selves, that we shall either enforce our own laws
in those ports, or else declare that they are no
longer ports that foreign vessels are to enter?
Mr. MASON. Will the honorable Senator
allow me to answer him?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Certainly.
Mr. MASON. Clearly, if they will avow, in
the bill, the reason for it: that the State of South
Carolina is no longer a member of the Confeder-
acy, but beyond the jurisdiction of the United
States. Let them avow that which they have
sedulously refrained from avowing.
Mr. FESSENDEN. WhatdnTeience does that
make in point of Jaw? The Senator is a lawyer.
Who puts the reason for a statute on the statute-
book? Who thinks, when he draws a bill, of giv-
ing in the bill the cause why he draws it? No
legislator. It is not necessary that we should
avow the fact. We simply declare, as proposed
by the honorable Senator's bill, this: that there
may be cases, and there are cases, in which it has
become difficult for the United States to collect its
revenue in particular places by the oidinary course
of proceeding; and we give to the President the
power to say that there shall no longer be an at-
tempt to collect revenue there, for it shall cease to
be a port where vessels can legally enter under the
authority of the United States. Is not this right
in point of fact? So long as we do not do this, if
a foreign vessel enters, and we have no power to
collect our own revenue, no power to enfoicc our
own laws, we cannot complain if it pays obedi-
ence to precisely such laws as it finds there, and
obeys such officers as it meets. So long as the
law stands as it does now, and we admit in point
of fact that we have not power to enforce our own
laws, a foreign vessel is right in paying obedience
to such regulations as it finds in the port to which
it goes, so long as it continues a port of entry; but
when we declare that it is no longer a port of entry
of the United States, and give notice to that effect,
then comes the time when, if foreign vessels un-
dertake to consider it a port of the United States,
they become amenable to our laws in reference to
those subjects.
Sir, it was with reference to this fact, and this
fact alone, that that bill was proposed, that these
people there are availing themselves of all the ad-
vantages of being a port of the United States,col-
lecting revenue and putting it in their own pock-
ets, while they are, in fact, nobody, either m the
eyes of the United States or the world. That is
the simple fact about it. We arc not only allow-
ing them to consider themselves apart of the Uni-
ted States, collecting our revenue, in point of fact,
and putting it into their own pockets; but we are
going further, and furnishing all these States with
postal facilities every day, they are receiving all
the benefits of it, we paying the money; and my
friend's bill covers that also.
The honorable Senator says this will not do;
do one thing or another; declare war against them,
if you please, or else declare that they arc no lon-
ger a part of the United States. Sir, I do not
choose to do either in the present state of affairs.
I propose simply to do that which is necessary
for our own protection and our own advantage.
I repeat, I am acting, as yet, as a Senator of the
United States. I am legislating for the United
States, and not for South Carolina, or for any se-
ceded State; and as long as I sit here, as I said
before, I take it that is my duty. What, then,
does the United States want to do ? It wishes to
collect its own revenue, and it wishes for force
enough, if force is necessary, to accomplish that
purpose. I am not at all frightened by the term
"force," and this talk about the coercion of a
State. The time may come when it will be ne-
cessary for us, to use the language of the honorable
Senator, to speak plainly. I am ready to speak
plainly now upon that subject; and I say most
distinctly, if the time ever docs come, in my judg-
ment—1 speak for one—when it will be necessary
to use force in order to execute the laws of the
United States under the Constitution anywhere
and everywhere within what is properly the Uni-
ted States, I am perfectly ready to do it; but I
trust we shall have no such necessity.
The measure of my friend from Vermont is a
measure of peace. The proposition to construct
these additional vessels is a measure of peace. I
do not suppose anybody ever dreamed of making
this appropriation for the purpose of having col-
lisions with these seceding States. I do not be-
lieve—I have never believed—that any collision
will be necessary, except in a certain event. But
it may be that it will come; it may be that war
will come; it may be that these difficulties are to
grow vastly greater than they are now. When
that time comes, I trust we shall be ready to meet
all our responsibilities like men. We need not
be told about it, however, in advance.
But the question now is simply this: what is
necessary for us to do with refeicnce to the inter-
ests of this country as connected with its naval
force ? That is all. Is this matter itself such as
has been recommended to us more than once;
ouch as recommends itself to us on its own mer-
its; such as we are bound to provide for according
to our own sense of duty under the Constitution
and the law, even if we borrow money; and I take
it the time has not yet come when wo cannot bor-
row money? I am ready to vote it; and although
the Senator standing here will not vote it, because
it may be that it will give additional fore.e to the
Government which he represents here, I say to
him, that is no objection to my mind. I am per-
fectly willing it should have that additional force,
if needed, especially when T am so well defended
by the recommendation of a Democratic Presi-
dent, year after year, aided and supported by a
Democratic Senate.
Mr. MASON. Mr. President, the honorable
Senator was a httle discursive in his reply; but he
has enlightened us, or enlightened me, certainly,
upon this point: that the pressing necessity for
the inciease of the naval force has some reference
to the condition of things in the seceding States.
It enlightened me that far, at least. He says: is
there propriety in our allowing our naval force to
go into decay, as it is now getting, without in-
creasing if, in view of the fact that the arsenals,
navy-yards, fortifications, and public property,
and mints, &c., have been seized m those States?
Sir, it is not necessary to spell the word apple-
pie to know the pie when it is before you. 1 take
the Senator on his own ground: theie is a view to
increase the naval armament, because of the con-
dition of things in the States that have seceded. I
take it as his admission 
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have admitted no such
thing. You can take it as you like.
Mr. MASON. He has had a reference to the
existing condition of things in those States.
Mr. FESSENDEN, The honorable Senator
will excuse me. I said that that was no argu-
ment for diminishing the necessary force.
Mr. MASON. Well, sir, let the country pass
upon it. If the honorable Senator undertakes to
ask me whom I represent,! will not ask the hon-
orable Senator that question. I have that resoect
for him which he is entitled to, for his position,
his mind, his intellect, and his self-propriety. He
is to determine for himself what he represents and
whom; I for myself. I will tell him whom 1 repre-
sent: the sovereign State of Virginia, to whom I
am alone amenable for what I may do or say
here.
The honorable Senator referred to a remark that
fell from the distinguished Senator from the State
of Mississippi lately here, which I heard, and
heard with equal approbation, that he intended
loyally to contribute his*mite or his devotion to
the administration of this Government while he
continued to be a member of it. I respond to it
in the spirit of a man of honor and a man of loy-
alty. I will do nothing that will stand in the way
of the full, complete administration of this Gov-
ernment as long as I remain one of the partici-
pants in its administration; but I will do this: if
1 have reason to believe that the Government in
which I participate to administer, is initiating a
policy that will lead to civil war; that will lead to
an unnecessary war; that will minister to the pas-
sions of bad men in going into that war, I will
not vote to increase the armament for that pur-
pose. I will not refrain from voting a dollar; on
the contrary, I would strain the public credit, as
I have done by voting for the loan bills, to sup-
ply all the necessary means to carry on the ordi-
nary functions of this Government; but when I
have reason to believe that it is attempted to incur
extraordinary expenditures, under present cir-
cumstances, when those who administer the Gov-
ernment now would refrain from them, and when
I have reason to believe, confirmed by what fell
from the honorable Senator from Maine, that the
purpose is to strengthen the arm of the Govern-
ment, with a view to a prospect such as I have
indicated, I am doing my duty, as a Senator of
the United States, in doing what I can to prevent
it. That is my idea of the duty of a Senator.
The honorable Senator has not favored us with
his views of the propriety of incurring this large
expenditure for an increase of the Navy, in the
present decrepit condition of the public credit.
He has contented himself by saying it was the
recommendation of a Democratic Administration.
Suppose it was: does that make it any better or
any worse, when we come to test its real objcct?
I know there has been a recommendation—not, I
think, of a Democratic Administration alone, but
of former Administrations for a series of years—
to increase the Navy as a great measure of public
policy; to increase it by keeping some proportion-
ate ratio with the increase of the naval Powers
of Europe, of France and England; to increase
it from the necessity of adding to our Navy be-
cause of the change, in that arm of the public sor-
vice, from sailing to steam vessels. I donotknow
that I ever went against that policy within reason-
able limits. Although I come from a section of
the country that has no commerce, yet I have
participated as a Senator of the United States in
the duty incumbent upon us all to protect the
commerce of the country; and I have never re-
frained from lending my aid to any of those meas-
ures of public policy, although they were to op-
erate more beneficially upon other sections of the
country than that to which I belong.
Hut at the present time, in a juncture of affairs
never before known or anticipated in this coun-
try; when theGovernmentisdismembered; when
a large portion of the territory and of the wealth
and resources of the country lias been lopped off,
andtheprocessof disintegration is going on, to stop
we know not where; when that has had the neces-
sary effect of destroying the public credit; when
Senators, who are very soon to become the dom-
inant power in the Government, decline to fix an
established course of policy; when they will not
say whetherthey will go to war or not; but shadow
itout darkly,as the honorable Senatorfrom Maine
has done, by declaring that a state of things may
arise to make it necessary; for one, sir, as a con-
stituent part of the public nower, I will not vote
a dollar to increase the Army or the Navy until
there is a settled policy, an established and un-
derstood policy, modeled upon the new state of
things. I want to know the policy of this Gov-
ernment, whether they are to go to war with the
seceding States, or not; whether they are to allow
them peacefully to withdraw upon terms to be set-
tled by negotiation, or whether we are to remain
