854
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 11,
Resolved hy the Senate and House of Representative* of
the United States of America in Congress assembled, That
the President of the United States be, a«id Is hereby, re-
quired to acknowledge the independence of said govern-
ment as soon as he is informed officially of its establish-
ment; and that he receive such envoy, embassador, or
con)ini-.sionei as may or shall be appointed by said govern-
ment for the purpose of amicably adjusting the matteis in
dispute with said Government.
Mr. CRA1GE, of North Carolina. I hope that
the resolution will be permitted to pass, as 1 doubt
not it is the wish of all of us that peace shall be
preserved.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I object; and move
that it be referred to the Committee on Patents.
[Laughter.]
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. I move
that it be referred to the Committee on Foreign
Affairs.
^ The question was taken; and the joint resolu-
tion was referred to the Committee on Foreign
Affairs.
jefferson territory.
Mr. DAILEY, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented joint resolutions of Nebraska Territory,
asking for the organization of the Territory of Jef-
ferson; which were referred to the Committee on
Territories.
indian bonds.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois, by unanimous con-
sent, submitted the following resolution; which
was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolcet1, That the select committee raised to inquire
into the facts in regard to the abstraction of certain bonds
from the Interior Department have leave to report to-mor-
row, the 12th instant, at one o'clock.
sufferers in kansas.
Mr. CASE. I ask leave to report from the
Committee on Territories a bill for the relief of the
sufferers by drought and famine in Kansas; and
I hope that it will bo referred to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. BURNETT objected.
Mr. CASE. If I can get the floor, after the
morning hour, I grve notice that I will move to
suspend the rules, that the bill may be introduced.
a. t. spencer & co.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I ask the unanimous
consent of the House for leave to discharge the
Committee of the Whole House on the Private
Calendar from the further consideration of Senate
bill, No. 221, for the relief'of A. T. Spencer and
Gurdon S. Hubbard, in order that it may be put
on its passage.
Mr. PHELPS. I object.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I will seek another
opportunity to get the bill up, in order that it may
be put on its passage.
new orleans mint.
Mr. McCLERNAND introduced the following
resolution; which was read, considered, and agreed
to:
Whereas if is reported that near a million dollars, con-
sisting of the money of the United States and of individual
deposits, was lately in the custody of the superintendent
of the mint of the United States at the city of New Or-
leans ; and whereas it is abo reported that that officer lias
refused to payadraft of the United States out oftheirown
money in his custody, and has appropriated the whole of
the contents of said mint to the use of the revolutionary
authorities in the State of Louisiana, and lias put the Uni-
ted States at defiance; and whereas it is also reported that
the same revolutionary authorities have seized the custom-
house of the United States at said city: Theiefoie,
Resolved, That the President of the United States be re-
spectfully requested to communicate to thisflouse, at an
early day, if, in his judgment, not incompatible with the
public interests, the facte in relation to the aforesaid mat-
ters, and what, if any, steps ho lias taken, or contemplates,
to recover possession of said treasuie and properly.
PATENT OFFICE! REGULATIONS.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois, offered the following
resolution, and asked that it be referred to the
Committee on Printing:
Resolved, That the Committee on Piintmc be instructed
to include m the printed report of the Patent Office the
form^, rule-*, and regulations of that office necessary to be
observed in applying lor patents.
Mr. BURNETT. I do not think that that res-
olution goes to the Committee on Printing, because
I think it changes existing laws.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I will state to the
House the object of the resolution. I presume
there is not a member of this House who has not
frequently been called upon for the forms neces-
sary to be observed in applying for patents, and
they have been compelled to write to the Patent
Office for them. Jf they are printed with the agri-
cultural and mechanical parts of the Patent Office
report, they can always be obtained in every
neighborhood, because those books are distrib-
uted everywhere. As a matter of convenience,
these regulations should be printed as indicated
by the resolution.
Mr. PHELPS. Is not the gentleman from Illi-
nois aware that whenever the Commissioner of
Patents is applied to for a copy of those regula-
tions, he forwards them without any extra ex-
pense ?
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. That is very true.
Mr. PHELPS. Why, then, print them >
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. If these forms were
to be found in the Patent Office reports, which
are scattered everywhere through the country,
they could easily be obtained by all persons who
desire them, without being compelled to apply to
anybody. Sometimes persons, at great inconve-
nience, are obliged to go ten, fifteen, or twenty
miles, to see somebody who is familiar with the
business of the Patent Office. I have received-
variouslettersupon this subject,and have received
numerous applications for these forms; and it does
seem to mo that,-inasmuch as the cost will be
small, and the value of the reports will not be
diminished thereby, these forms ought to be pub-
lished in the back part of the book.
Air. PHELPS. As the matter of printing a
document is not before the House, I move that
the resolution be referred to the Committee on
Printing.
It was so referred.
union of the states.
Mr. LOYEJOY presented a petition of citizens
of the county of Champlain, State of Illinois,
respectfully asking that measures be speedily taken
by Congress for the preservation of our glorious
Union, for sustaining the honor of our national
flag, and for the enforcement of the laws as they
now are; which was ordered to be laid on the
table.
crittenden compromise.
Mr. McCLERNAND, by unanimous consent,
presented the petition of certain citizens of Mar-
shall county, Illinois, praying for the adoption of
the Crittenden plan of adjustment; which was laid
on the table.
Mr. WOODSON, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented the memorial of citizens of Missouri, pray-
ing for the adoption of the Crittenden compro-
mise; which was laid on the table.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri, by'unanimous con-
sent, presented the petition of sundry citizens of
Jackson and Randolph counties, Missouri, ask-
ing for the adoption of the Crittenden compro-
mise; which was laid upon the table.
military academy.
Mr. STANTON, by unanimous consent, re-
ported a bill to amend an act entitled "An net
making appropriations for the support of the Mil-
itary Academy for the year ending 30th June,
3847," approved August 8, 1846; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
port of entry niagara.
Mr, JOHN COCHRANE, by unanimous con-
sent, introduced a bill to be entitled " An act for
the removal of the port of entry of the collection
district of Niagara, in the State of New York,
from Lewiston to Niagara Suspension Bridge, in
the same distiict, and for other purposes;" which
was referred to the Committee on Commerce.
withdrawal of states.
Mr. FERRY asked the unanimous consent of
the House to offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be in-
structed to inqune into the.expediency of so amending the
Constitution of the United States as expressly to forbid the
withdrawal of any State horn the Union without the con-
sent of two thiid-> of boil) Houses of Congress, the approval
or the President, and the consent of all the States; to re-
poi! by joint resolution proposmgsuch amendment, or other-
wise.
Mr. WTNSLOW objected; and the resolution
was not received.
GENERAL harney.
Mr. SCOTT offered the following resolution;
which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That ihc Secietary of War is requested to fur-
nish the House of Representatives with a copy of the offi-
cial letter of George ihrie, late first lieutenant of the thud
regiment United States artillery, now on file in the War
Department, in reply to General Harney's official letter of
9th December, 1859, relating to the affairs of the military
department of Oregon.
OREGON WAR DEBT.
Mr. STOUT, by unanimous consent, presented
the memorial of citizens of Oregon, praying for
the passage of a law to provide for the payment
of tne Oregon war debt.
george l. johnson.
Mr. STEYENS, of Washington, introduced
the following resolution; which was read,consid-
ered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Interior be requested
to direct the suiveyor general of Washington Territory to
asceitain the amount of damages suffered by George L.
Johnson,m consequence of the occupation of his land in
that Territory by the War Department, and repot t the same
to this House with all the testimony upon the subject.
arthur edwards.
Mr. MAYNARD, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a joint resolution to repeal the joint res-
olution, approved June 22, 1860, for the relief of
Arthur Edwards and his associates; which was
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
adjustment of difficulties.
Mr. EDWARDS, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented the memorial of certain citizens of New
Hampshire, praying that the present difficulties
may be adjusted; which was laid on the table.
Mr. BURCH, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Territories be instructed
to report upon the propositions now before said committee
for a territorial government, or to extend the eastern bound-
ary of California over western Utah, known as "Nevada
Territory."
withdrawal of states.
Mr. FERRY introduced the following resolu-
tion:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of so amendingthe
Constitution of the United States as expressly to foibid
the withdrawal of any State from the Union without the
consent of two thirds of both Houses of Congress, the ap-
proval of the President, and the consent of all the States;
to report by joint resolution proposing such amendment, or
otherwise.
Mr. BURNETT expressing a desire to debate
the resolution, it was laid over under under the
rule.
emancipation of slates.
Mr. McKEAN introduced the following reso-
lution:
Whereas the " Gulf States" have assumed to secede from
the Union, and it is deemed important to pievent the
" border slave States'" from following their example; and
whereas it is behoved that those who are inflexibly opposed
to any measure o! compromise or concession that involves,
or may involve, a sacrifice of punciple or the extension of
slavery, would nevertheless cliecrfulty concur in any law-
ful measure tor the emancipation of the staves : Therefore,
Resolved, That the select committee of five be instructed
to inquire whether, by the consent of the people, or of the
State governments, or by compensating the slaveholders, it
be practicable for the General Government to procure the
emancipation of the slaves in some, or all, of the " border
States and if so, to report a bill for that pujpose.
Mr. BURNETT indicating a desire to discuss
the lesolution, it was laid on the table under the
rule.
Washington's birthday. j
Mr. SICK.LES introduced the following reso-
lution; and called the previous question upon the
same:
Whereas it has become expedient to revive that u spirit
of amity and that mutual deference and concession" which,
in the formation of our Government, overcame all the ob-
stacles ausing out of the "difference among the seveial
States as to their situation, extent, habits, and political in-
terests," and established our Union upon the sure founda-
tions of fraternal affection and the common welfare : There-
fore,
Resolved, Thatitbe earnestly recommended to the people
of the United States to celebrate the22d day of February, in-
stant, asa national holiday, in commemoration ot the buth,
the exalted character, the incomparable public services, and
the patriotism of George Washington, the fir«t President of
the United States ; that the Speaker be requested to invite
Hon. Edward Everett to deliver an oration on that day m
tile Hall of the House ot Representatives; and turthermore,
that the Sp"aker do order and diiect suitable artangonients
to be made for the oeca.-ion.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I propose to
debate that resolution.
