1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
855
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York has called the previous question upon the
resolution.
Mr. GARNETT. I desire to debate that res-
olution, unless the gentleman will consent to an
amendment.
Mr. SICKLES. I will hear the amendment.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York has demanded the previous question.
Mr. GARNETT. How did the gentleman get
the floor to demand the previous question? Un-
der the rules, if any gentleman desires to debate
a resolution, it must lie over.
The SPEAKER. ^ The Chair thinks the gen-
tleman from Virginia is under a misapprehension.
If a gentleman offers a resolution, and demands
the previous question upon it, and the previous
question is sustained, that shuts off debate, and
lie is entitled to have a vote. That is the practice
of the House; that is the rule.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I believe I
proposed to debate that resolution before the pre-
vious question was called.
The SPEAKER. Yes,sir; butthegentlcman
from New York had the floor.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Then I hope
the previous question will not be seconded, so that
the resolution may be open for debate.
Mr. BOCOCK. I ask for tellers on ordering1
the main question.
Mr. GARNETT. I desire to say, with the
leave of the gentleman from New York, that I do
not object to the resolution; but I wish to insert
after the name of " George Washington," the
words " the illustrious Virginian and slavehold-
01 Mr. JOHN COCHRANE, (in his seat.) And
emancipationist.
Mr. SICKLES. And patriot.
The SPEAKER. The original resolution will
now be read. The question will be upon second-
ing the demand for the previous question.
The resolution was again read.
The SPEAKER orduied tellers on seconding
the demand for the previous question; and ap-
pointed Messrs. Briggs and Burniiam as tellers.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I wish to make a
suggestion to my colleague.
Mr. SICKLES. 1 will hear my colleague.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. My suggestion is,
in order to strengthen the resolution, which I
shall vote for in any event, that the resolution
close with the words " United States," and omit
that part which invites the Hon. Edward Everett
to deliver an address. I trust that he will limit
it to a recommendation that the citizens of the
United States keep the 22d of February as a na-
tional holiday.
Mr. SICKLES. I will accept that modifica-
tion; and now \ insist upon the demand for the
previous question.
Mr. H1NDMAN. I suggest that, in lieu of
a public address, Mr. Everett be requested to
furnish his remarks to the New York Ledger.
[Laughter.]
Mr WRITELEY. Would it not be well to
amend the resolution so as to ask somebody to
sing the "Star-spangled Banner." [Renewed
laugh ter.l
Mr. CllAIGE, of North Carolina. I rise to a
question of order. I believe that, if a resolution
is either debated, or proposed to be debated, it
lies over. Now, gentlemen have already engaged
in debate, and therefore the resolution must lie
over.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from North
Caiolina will pardon me. I am satisfied that I
am right under the rules. If n gentleman demands
the previous question, and it is sustained, that
cuts off debate, and he is entitled to have a vote.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. That is not
the point. The point I made was, that although
the gentleman called the previous question, he
peimitted his colleague [Mr. John Cochrane]
to debate the resolution, and thereby it goes over.
The resolution has actually been debated.
The SPEAKER. The Chair did not regard it
in that way.
The resolution, as modified, was then read.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I withdraw
obje'etion to the resolution as it now stands.
"Mr. BUPtNETT. There can be no objection
to the resolution as it now stands. We generally
observe that day anyhow in this country.
The SPEAKER. If there is no objection to the
resolution, tellers will not be ordered.
The resolution was agreed to.
COLLECTION OF REVENUE, ETC.
Mr. SICKLES. I offer the following resolu-
tion:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be requested
to inform this House whether the duties on imports con-
tinue to he collected in the ports of entry established by
law in the States of South Carolina, Georgia, Alabama,
Louisiana, and Florida; and whether any hindrances exist
to the law of entry and clearing of vessels therein. Also,
tiie present condition of the light-houses, beacons, and
buoys in the said haibors and adjacent waters. Als>o, what
measure5;, if any, have been taken to secure the revenue
vessels in the service of the Department from seizure, or
to recovei possession ol such as have been seized. Also,
what measures have been adopted for the security of the
public moneys in the hands of depositaries in the aforesaid
States, and whether they are available to the Treasury.
Also, whether the use and control of any of the marine
hospitals, permanent or temporary, have been interfered
with, and what proceedings have been adopted with refer-
ence thereto.
I demand the previous question on the resolu-
tion.
Mr. BURNETT. I ask the gentleman from
New York, while he is seeking for information, to
accept an additional resolution, also asking for in-
formation.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Resolved, That the President of the United States fur-
nudi to this House, if not incompatible with the public ser-
vice, the icanons that have induced him to assemble a large
number ol troops m this city, why they are kept here, and
wiicthei be ha« any information of a conspiracy upon the
part of any portion of the citizens of tins country to seize
upon the capital, and prevent the inauguration of the Pres-
ident elect.
Mr. SICKLES. I have no objection to that
addition to my resolution. I want all the inform-
ation upon that subject.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I suggest to
the gentleman from New York that, if he wishes
his resolution to be adopted, he had better not
accept these propositions.
Mr. HUGfliES. i desire to offer an amend-
ment; and I ask that it be read.
The Cleik commcnced to read the amendment,
as follows:
Resolved, That the committee of five be instructed 
Mr. SICKLES. Oh, I cannot accept that. It
is not germane to my resolution.
Mr. Sickles's resolution, as modified at the
suggestion of Mr. Burnett, was agreed to.
STARVATION IN KANSAS.
Mr. WELLS asked leave to introduce a joint
resolution for the relief of the starving people of
Kansas.
Mr. PHELPS. That is not in order under this
call, and 1 object to it.
The SPEAKER.. If objected to, it is not in
order. It is a joint resolution.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I hope there will be no ob-
jection to that. It is recommended in the Presi-
dent's message.
Mr. PHELPS. We have no more right to
vote money for the starving people of Kansas than
for the starving prople of Ireland.
SLAVERY IN THE STATES.
Mr. PALMER. I offer the resolutions which
I send to the Clerk's desk; and upon them I
demand the previous question.
The Clerk read the resolutions, as follows:
Revolved, That neither the Federal Government, nor the
people orgoveruments of the non-slaveholding States, have
a puipose or a constitutional right to legi-late upon or in-
terfoie with slavery in any of the States- of the Union.
Resolved, That those per-ons in the Noith who do not
subscribe to the foregoing proposition* are too insignificant
in numbets or influence 10 e.xcite the serious attention or
alaim of any portion of the people of the Republic, and that
the increase in their numbers and influence does not keep
pace with the increase of the aggregate population of the
Union.
Mr. BRANCH. Are those resolutions before
the House?
The SPEAKER. Yes, sir.
Mr. BRANCH. Then I call for a division of
the resolutions.
The SPEAKER. The first question is upon
seconding the demand for the previous question.
The previous question was seconded; and the
mam question ordered.
Mr. PHELPS. I call for the yeas and nays
on the fust restluiion.
The yeas and noys were ordered.
Mr. H1NDMAN. Will the gentleman who
offered these resolutions allow me to ask him a
question? [Loud cries of "No!" "NoV* from
the Republican side.] His resolutions contain a
manifest falsehood. The House cannot deliber-
ately vote an untruth. [Shouts of "Order!"] May
I be permitted to ask the gentleman who offered
the resolution a question for information? [Cries
of " No!" <s No!" and " Call the roll!"] I ask
him this question, if Mr. Lincoln, the President
elcct, has not declared that the Government can-
not exist permanently one half slave and one half
free? and if that does not indicate a settled pur-
pose on the part of his supporters to interfere with
the institution of slavery in the southern States?
[Shouts of" Order!"] 1 am obliged to the gentle-
men opposite for the paticnce and courtesy with
which they have heard mo. [Laughter.]
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 116, nays 4; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Chariea F. Adams, Green Adams, A1-
drich, Allen, William C. Anderson, Babbitt, Blair, Blake,
Brabson, Bravton, Brisgs, Bristow, Butfjnton, Burlingame,
Burn ham, Butterfield,Campbell, Carey, Carter,Case, Cfera-
ens, Cobuni, John Cochrane, Colfax, Corwin, Covodc, Cur-
tis, Dawes, Delano, Dimmick, Duel!, Dunn. Edwards, Ely,
Etheridgp, Fam^worth, Feriy, Foster, Fouke, Frank,
French, Gilmer, Gooch, Graham, Grow,Gurley, tlale, flail,
J. Mon Uon Harris, Ilaskin, Ilatton, Hclmick, Hoard, Hol-
man, William Howard, Humphrey, Ilutchins, Irvine, Jun-
kin, Francis VV. Kellogg, William Kellogg, Kcnyon, Kil-
pore, Killinser, Larrabee, Lee, Loomis, Lovejoy, Malloiy,
Marston, McClernand, McKean, MclCenty, McKnight, Mc-
Pher.son, Miliward, Montgomery, Laban T. Moore, Moor-
head, Morrill, Edward Joy Morris, Isaac N. Morric, Morse,
Ncteon, Nivon, Palmer, Pcrrv, Pcttit, Porter, Pottle, John
II. Reynold*. Christopher Robinson, Scranton, Sherman,
Spanldinc, bpinner, Stanton, William Stewart, Stokes,
Stout, Strutt n,Tappan, Thayer, Theaker,Tompkins,Van-
dever, Van Wyck, Verrce, Waldron, Walton, Cadwalader
C.Washburn,Webster,Wells,Wilson,Windom, and Wood-
ruff—110.
NAYS—Messrs. Barr, Phelps, Scott, and Woodson—4.
So the resolution was agreed to.
During the roll-call, the following proceedings
took place:
Mr. WINSLOW. I ask the mover of the res-
olution to (strike out two words in it.
Mr. BOTELER. Can we not divide the first
resolution ?
The SPEAKER. The House is voting on the
first resolution.
Mr. BRANCH. I hone the whole resolutions
will be allowed to be read again without any gen-
tleman interposing.
Mr. BOTELER. What I desire to know is,
whether it is in order to divide the first resolu-
tion, so as to take a separate vote in regard to the
purpose of the North, and the constitutional right
of the North?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia will understand that there have been several
responses. The House has commenced voting,
and cannot now stop for any purpose.
Mr. HINDMAN. I rise to ask a question.
[Calls to order.] It is perfectly immaterial to me
whether gentlemen object or not. I intend to ex-
press my views, [continued calls to order,] with-
out any regard to interruptions. I rise to ask a
question ot the Chair. ["Order 1" (,Order!"l
I hope that disorderly persons will be expelled
from the Hall, or else required to deport them-
selves like gentlemen, which they are not. I arose
to ask the Speaker a question.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is entitled to
ask the Chair a question.
Mr. GROW. Not during the roll call.
Mr. IIINDMAN. That is what I presumed.
I hope that will be satisfactory to those indi-
viduals who did not know it before. I ask a
division of the question, so that we may vote
first on the question raised by the resolution, as
to the right of the Federal Government to inter-
fere with slavery in the States; and, second, as to
the purpose of the people of the non-slaveholding
States. My object m asking that is this: that the
resolution, while asserting a correct principle as
to the power to interfere with slavery, asserts that
as to the purpose of the non-slaveholding States
which many of us believe to be untrue. It thus
puts us m a' false position, or is intended to do so.
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that after
responses have been made, no division is in order.
The Cleik will proceed to call the roll.
The Cleik resumed the calling of the roll.
Mr. BURNETT. I rise tomakean inquiry of
the Chair. I understand a division of the resolu-
tions to be called for.
The SPEAKER. They are divided,
