1861.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
271
36th Cong....2d Sess.
State of the Union—Mr. Kellogg.
fio . op Reps.
and France will not consent to be dependent on
them for a supply much longer. At a time when
England was far less powerful and wealthy tlian
she now is, she engaged in a war with the first
Napoleon, mainly to gratify her pride, and for
twenty years expended §1,000,000 a day. Will
such a nation, where the anti-slavery feeling is
stronger than in any other part of the world, con-
sent to humble themselves to the slaveholders of
the southern States for the sake of obtaining a
supply of cotton? Will Napoleon, who in states-
manship seems second to none that ever lived,
consent that the peace and prosperity of Prance
shall depend on the whim of South Carolina and
Alabama' Sir, the answer is obvious; both these
Powers have already done something toward ob-
taining what they need in other quarters; and
now, when they find their trade and commerce
liable to be disturbed, or partially destroyed, their
exertions will be commensurate with the import-
ance of the occasion.
It is but a shoit time since France commenced
the culture of cotton m Algeria; but, in 1859, they
produced 715,000 quintals, of 221 pounds each;
and in 1860,1,160,000—a gain of 445,000 quintals
in a single year. In the space of seven years,
from 1650 to 1857, the productions of cotton in
Africa and minor places increased 300 per cent.;
in the East Indies, 111 per cent.: in the West In-
dies, GOO per cent.; in Egypt, 21, and in Amer-
ica, 345 per cent China has now been opened
to trade by the arms of France and England; and
the supply from that quarter will soon be very
large. The two nations will also have all the
cooly labor, they can employ; families of them
are to be taken to the cotton-growing regions; and
howevei much we may condemn this, it will make
no difference w,i b them: their at k will go rapidly on.
In Lancashire, England, a huge meeting was held
lately to consider the necessities of the manufac-
turers, and devise means to make up the deficiency
which they expected would be pioduced by our do-
mestic troubles They resolved iouuse $5,000,000
at once to employ agents, and stimulate the growth
of cotton m all possible ways m every dependency
of the British empne. Lancashire alone is pos-
sessed of more capital than all the banks and man-
ufactories m the United States; and the energy and
enterprise of her businessmen will soon set them
free from all dependence on " King Cotton," so
far as the southern States are concerned.
The result o( these troubles m our own country,
and the action consequent upon them in Europe,
will be a vastly increased production of cotton in
other noitsons of the world, and a consequent re-
duction in the price, which will affect the value of
every slave m the South. Slave labor \v ill be less
profitable; and those who have aided most m caus-
ing this political convulsion m our country, may
live to propose its gradual abolition, and call upon
the national Government to aid them in so great
an undertaking. Sir, I put these prophecies on
record, and I trust 1 shall live to witness their
fulfillment. Their truth seems to me self-evident;
and 1 believe the same ideas will occur to other
minds at the South: and that time only is needed
to convince them of the folly of secession, since
the result of it will assuredly be the abolition of
slavery at a period not far distant. While Ientei-
tam these views on the subject of slavery, 1 see
nothing m them, or in the policy of the Republican
party, to justify this rebellion at the South. We
are accused of proscribing all who own slaves;
but this is an invention of the enemy. So far as
slavery is concerned, our policy is identical with
that of Henry Clay, and a host of others who
have been leading statesmen at the South. We
never proposed to exclude any man from office,
or from the honors of the Government, because he
was a slaveholder; but we will not consent that
the powers of the national Government shall be
wielded for the benefit^f slavery, or any other
State institution or interest in the country, north
or south. We believe it is impolitic and wrong
to extend, slavery beyond its present boundaries:
and such was the opinion of a majority of south-
ern statesmen butashort time ago. Mr. Claysaid:
" No earthly power could induce me to vote for a spe-
cific measute lot the niiioduction of slavery whcie it had
not before existed."
And many eminent southern men have made
similar declarations. While we have no desire to
encroach on slavery, and propose to obey all the
provisions of the Constitution in its favor, south-
ern statesmen demand for it still greater privileges
and stronger guarantees. They ask us to amend
the Constitution so as to recognize property in
slaves; and, as the Constitution is the supreme
law of the land, the effect of this would be to
make slavery a national institution, and command
for it the protection of the national Government,
in the States and Territories, on the lakes and the
ocean, and wherever the flag of the Union floats.
No comment on such a demand is necessary; the
people of the United States will never consent to
it, and slavery must be contented to remain a State
institution, and nothing more. Professing a desire
for an amicable settlement of the difficulties in
which they have involved us, they next introduce,
through Mr. Crittenden, certain propositions
for that purpose, which they wish incorporated
into the Constitution. Mr. Crittenden has prob-
ably been chosen to present them, because the re-
spect entertained for him, by the people of the
northern States, would secure a more favorable
consideration of them than they would receive
were they to come fiom any other southern man.
The principal article in them provides that the
Missouri compromise line of 30° 30' shall be inn
across the continent, dividing the territory of the
nation between the two sections; thereby, as the
honorable Senator prophesies, putting an end to
all strife. But a compromise implies concessions
on both sides; and what do the South yield to us
in consideration of a compliance with their de-
mands? A shadow for a substance; an imaginary
title to the mountains in the moon for the prom-
ised possession of the ptovmces of Mexico. Sir,
they claim that the Dred Scott decision canies
slavery into all the Ten itories; but if we v.'ill agree
to establish and piotect slavery m all the tei ritory
south of 3(P 30', that we now have nr may here-
after acquire, they generously propose to make all
north of it forever free Mr. Speaker, they mieht
as well promise to exclude slavery from Canada,
so far as the North arc concerned; for neither the
Dred Scott decision, nor any other power, can
ever establish it there. Those Territories are free
now; and there is sufficient gumantee for their
freedom forever in the " constitution" of the north-
ern mind. What equivalent, then, do they offer
fnr the almost omnipotent power which they de-
sire us to confer on their favorite institution r
None at all, not even peace, which we all desire
so much; for,if that proposition weie adopted,it
would pieparo the way for more serious troubles
than those which nmict -us now. The South
would at once commence an agitation for the con-
quest of Mexico and Central America; and the
pei .-^xuent and united efforts of her statesmen, en-
cmuoged by then continual victoues over north-
ern sentiments and opinions, would finally prevail;
and nothing but the force of natural laws, or the
judgments of Heaven, could save us from cuntu-
lies of buhjfviion to the power of slavery.
Sir, I will not believe that the American people
will favor a measuie that will be pioductivcof
such fatal results to freedom. Let us be content
with the territory we now have, until the disturb-
ing element of slavery is disposed of m some way
to the satisfaction of the whole country ; or, if
the South will not consent to that, let the people,
let the whole woild, undeistand that they arc
ready to dissolve the Ummi, d stioy the Govern-
ment, and involve the country in a civil war, be-
cause wr irillnot consent to seize Mexico far the ben-
efit of slavery!
The committee of thirty-three propose to settle
the question, so far as our present ten itory is j
concerned, by providing at once for the admission .
of New Mexico as a State mto the Union. Mr. ,
Speaker, 1 know these gentlemen are actuated by !
patriotic motives: and J doubt not they feel con-
vinced of the wisdom of their course, but I can-
not give my vote in favor of this measure. I
object to it for many reasons, but 1 wiil only men-
tion one of them, since that is all-sufficient: it does
■not promise to satisfy anybody. No concession we
can make will sotisfy the extreme South: while
the border States, if they consent to remain m the
Union on these terms, affix a condition that no
attempt shall be made to retake out forts, collect
the revenues, or enioi(e the laws of the United
States. What benefit, then, will lesult to us fiom
an adoption of this and other measures recom-
mended by the committee in their report?
Sir, I sec no reason to hope for any, and there-
fore 1 shall oppose them all. I lament the diffi-
culties by which we are surrounded as much as
any one; but 1 do not believe this is the way to
settle them, or that patching up a peace between
political parties in a manner unknown to the
Constitution and the laws is likely to increase
the respect of the people for the Government, or
strengthen their belief in us ability to sccure them
in the enjoyment of their rights. This Govern-
ment is necessarily established on the principle
that the majority shall rule, and decide all ques-
tions in a manner prescribed by law; and if these
decisions of the people, when legally expressed,
are not or cannot be enforced, then is our Gov-
ernment a failure, and lepubhcan institutions an
impossibility. Sir, if we wish for peace, we must
enforce the laics; and, in my opinion, there is no
other way to secure it.
Mr. Speaker, some prominent politicians, for
purposes of their own, implore us to break up our
organization and discard our principles, as if they
wete a garment to be thrown off at pleasure; and,
as circumstances have changed smcc our election,
they beg us to change also, that we may "save
our country;" and they assure us that we shall be
rewarded by the plaudits of a grateful people, and
the welcome on our return to our constituents of
"Well done, good and faithful servant!" Sir, -
these men remind me of a story of Ethan Allen,
who, when a prisoner in England, and offered a
vice-royalty in the colonies if he would "com-
promise" with the Crown, and betray the people
and their cause, replied that he was reminded of
the temptation of oui Saviour by the Devil, who
offered him all the kingdoms of the world if he
would fall down and worship him; while at the
same time, said "Old Ethan," the Devi! didn't
own a foot of all the land he was so ready to give
away. So with these imitators of his sable ma-
jesty, who would have us abandon our principles,
and promise us the favor and approval of the peo-
ple—a leward which it is not in their power t*o
bestow. Sir, I believe in the final perseverance
I of the saints, and that those only are rewarded
! who hold out faithful to the end in ihe political as
well as the Christian church: and when n man
asks me to " serve my country" by betraying my
constituents, I feel like crying, 44 Get thee behind
me, Satan !"
Mr. Speaker, I know the people that 1 came to
represent in the councils of the nation. 1 have
been at their homes, and sat by their firesides, and
enjoyed their hospitality, and I promised them
that 1 would stand by their principles to the last;
and, God helping me, I never will betray my
trust.
1 will agree to a national convention, called ac-
cording to the provisions of the Constitution, and
let those in whom the sovereignty of the nation
resides, elect thcii delegates, and instruct them
how to settle these matters about which we differ;
and when it is decided in that way, no one can
complain, for every lover of constitutional lib-
erty will bow to the majesty of the people. But
1 was notsenthere toamend the Constitution,orto
suriender for my constituents their punciplesand
then lights; and 1 never will consent to do either.
Mr. Speaker, this compromise fever is not a
new disease with which we are afflicted, but a
political plague that breaks out about once in ten
years, and usually follows a defeat of the Demo-
cratic party. The Democracy were defeated m
November last, and fiom that day to this, the
whole land has lung with a cry for compromises.
We have had a comptonuse committee at work
here all winter, and compromise committees from
New York, Boston, and Philadelphia, and now
we have a grand compromise convention assem-
bled at ono of our hotels. Sir, we nevet had a
congressional compromise that was not a curse
to the country. The Missouri compromise "saved
the Union" in 1S20. to bnng it to the verge "of
rum in 1861. The compromise of 1833 has proved
the fruitful parent of unnumbered woes.
Sir, 1 am second to none in my admiration of
the great statesman of Kentucky. I was taught
to love him in my childhood, and 1 learned to
\ em rate him in my ni.ourer year- Full of y-vrx
and honoi he passed fiom out muUl, but wu see
