2T2
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 26,
36th Cong....2d Sess.
State of the Union-—Mr. Rice.
Ho. op Reps.
hisshming patnway yet. His attachment to the
Union, iifrc the faith of a Christian, was a part of
his being. Hislovc ofhlierty \vassublime,nnd the
history of his great deeds the only monument he
needs to keep his memory green forever. But his
compromise of the difficulties between South Car-
olinaandthe United States I have ever considered
the most unfortunate act of his life. Had Pres-
ideiitjackson been allowed to suppress the re-
bellion in Ms own way, I do not think South Car-
olina would ever again have raised a parriciJal
hand against* her country, nor should we be de-
liberating now as to what course we should take
to save the Union. What good have the compro-
mises of 1850 done? I cannot tell; but the evil
effects of them are visible to all. The civil war
in Kansas grew out of them, and the excitement
which that gave rise to all over the Union has
culminated in the creation of a southern confed-
eracy, and an attempt to destroy the Government
of the United States.
Mr. Speaker, these are the results of the com-
promises of 1850; and do we see anything in them
to encourage us to follow this policy any longer?
In my judgment, thisGfovcrnmentcannot survive
another compromise. It would destroy this work
of the wisest body of men that ever lived, and
so debauch the people as to render them incapa-
ble of self-government.
I will do anything I can, without dishonor, to
help the gallant men in the border States, who are
struggling with such heroism against the insanity
of the moment. Let us agree to refer this ques-
tion to the people in geneial convention assem-
bled, and aUide by their decision. There is no ill-
feeling at the North toward southern men. We
dislike slavery, and we hate it more at this mo-
ment because of the perils in which itlins involved
us now; but those who love the Union, south as
well as north, are our brothers, and we would
fight for their rights as freely as for our own. Sir,
I believe there is patriotism enough, north and
south, to save the Union. It cannot be that this
master-piece of human wisdom is to p/irish now.'
"flier e are good and true men in ail sections of the
country; mid if time be given for reflection, their
number will increase. I will not believe that Ken-
tucky will desert the flag she has'a hundred times
defended with the best blood of her sons. She
has furnished a hero for us in this hour of our
extremity, whose one manly deed has thrilled a
nation's heart, and roused the patriotism of a
"whole people. As Human had no peace while
Mortlecai, the Jew, sat in the King's gate, so South
Carolina, with her half million population, can-
not Vest while the. gallant Kentuckian and his
score or two of men sit, in the gateway of the State
in defiance of hei power. Tin; stars and the stripes
float proudly over him, and welt do we know that
he would sacrifice his life to save them from dis-
honor. And Tennessee—we have heard her thun-
der-shout for the Union. and its echoes yet linger
around us—will she consent to leave lu r sister
States? 1 cannot believe it. I cannot believe she
would be so forgetful of the warnings of the im-
mortal Jackson, who foresaw this treasonable at-
",emrn to dissolve the Union, and denounced it ere
he uied. There, too, is Missouri, with territory
and material wealth enough for an empire; old
North Oatoiina, with her diadem of revolutionary
glories; and the Old Dominion, faithful yet to the
Constitution, the crowning wonder among the
achievements of her sons; can they forget the
source of their greatness and glory, and destroy
themselves in destroying "this great nation, of
winch they are a part? God, in his infinite mercy,
forbid that they should be guilty of a ciime which
would clothe thu woild in mourning!
Mr. Speaker, this u secession''5 movement has
become formidable in consequence of the treach-
ery of those whom the people placed in power.
Hereafter, Benedict Arnold can no longer occupy
the foreground as the chief traitor in his country's
history. Let no man dispute the claim of James
Buchanan to that high eminence of infamy. After
being the recipient of honors from his country for
half a century, he ends bis caieer by disgracing
her abroad, and leaving her at home almost in
ruins. The London Times says of his message:
" Never, for massy yearb, can Hie United States be to tlie
world what tht?v have been. Mr. }iutkanan''$ message has
been a greater blow to the Jhacru-an people than ail the lants
of the Georgian Governor or the- ordinances of the Charles-
ton convention. The President iia-s dissipated the idea that
the States wlnch elected him constitute one people. We
had thought the Federation w:is of the nature of a national-
ity—we find it is only a pai tncrskip
After alluding to the expected secession of sev-
eral States, the editor says:
" In a few days more the United States of America, as the
world has hitherto known them, will cease to exist!"
Mr. Speaker, is this so? Must our national
epitaph oe written now? "Will the American peo-
ple consent to step down from the proud position
they have held among the nations of the earth for
seventy years, and resign their power, confessing
their inability to retain it? Never > sir, never.!
They have read the message with loathing for its
author, as he attempts to prove, in defiance of rea-
son and common sense, that a great nation, like
these United States, has not—what the lowest
creature in the universe of God possesses always
—the right to defend and preserve its own existence!
Mr. Speaker, civil war is an evil of awful mag-
nitude, and I pray God to preserve us from it, if
it be possible. X hope it will be avoided; and I
believe the new Administration will be in no haste
to shed blood, and that all other means will bo
exhausted first. But this Government must he
maintained, and its power vindicated in the preser-
vation of the Union and the enforcement of the
laws. Florida and the Mississippi must be ours
forever. Their purchase was a national necessity,
and we cannot resign them now This capital,
that bears the name of the Fathcrof his Country,
must remain the capital of the United States. We
must collect the revenue of the country, and re-
capture the forts which we built, and which were
taken from us by treachery and violence. If we
fail to do it, we admit the inability of men to gov-
ern themselves, and the impossibility of combin-
ing Republican freedom with national strength.
Sir, we cannot do this,for under such damning
disgraco we could not willingly live. We owe it
to the heroes of the Revolution; to the founders
of our Government—we ojve it to liberty, to civil-
ization, and humanity, and to all who aie strug-
gling against tyranny throughout the world, to
maintain this Government and preserve the Union
to the last, let the consequences to ourselves he what
they may. Sir, if we fail in this grand experiment
of self-government, when can any people hope to
succeed hereafter? Could we go to the battle-
fields of the Revolution and call up their dead and
buried heroes, and hear again the story of their
hardships in " the days that tried men's souls,"
and of the heroism and deeds of daiing by which
they won for themselves and their country a
name, as they hoped, that should never die, could
we stand in their presence and calculate the value
of the Union for which they paid so great a price ?
Call the rolls of the princes of the people who led
our fathers in the struggle for freedom—Adams,
Hancock, Warren, Putnam, Greene, Gates, Jef-
ferson, and Madison, sages in council and he-
roes everywhere; Patrick Henry, whose voice
lang through the land like the trump of the Judg-
ment angel, denouncing the minions of George
111, and rousing a whole people to a struggle for
their rights: and last and greatest of all, tin4 majes-
tic figure of the Father of ins Country, who
belongs not to Virginia, not to America, font to the
whole human family—the model man for all ages and
for all time. As they pass in solemn review be-
fore us, and we remember how their lives illumin-
ated the history of the age they lived in, and
made their own country glorious, where shall we
hide our heads, where shall we bury our shame,
if we suffei the destruction uf this monument of
their wisdom and statesmanship, the Government
under which we live, and to which we are indebted
for all the blessings wc enjoy.
Mr. Speaker, let us rather—as we remember
our noble ancestors, and feel that the spirits of
this constellation of heroes and sages are hover-
ing around us to witness our action in this crisis
of our history—resolve to emulate their unselfish
devotion to their country, and their desire to ad-
vance its greatness and glory, and stand by th^
old flag, whose starry folds have gladdened the
heaits of heroes in the hour of death—never dis-
gracing our noble lineage—but leaving unimpaired
the rich legacy of our fathers, the Constitution
and the Uniov, with ail its heritage of glories,
to our posterity forever
STATE OP THE UNION.
SPEECH OF HON. ALEX H. BICE,.
OF MASSACHUSETTS,
In the House of Representatives,
February 26, 1861.
The House having under consideration the report from
the select committee of tliirty-three—
Mr. RICE said:
Mr Speaker: The value of any discussion
upon the great questions which now agitate the
country will be somewhat estimated according to
the spirit in which it is conducted, and the meas-
ure of faith entertained in the possibility of ad-
justing the existing difficulties. I have felt many
impulses to participate earlier in the discussion,
but have been prevented by the same necessity
which, up to this time, has excluded some mem-
bers of the committee whose report furnishes the
propositions before us. And although 1 may now
fail to present any considerations which shall
change a vote, or conciliate an opposing opinion,
yet I feel it incumbent upon me as a participator
in these important scenes, and as the Represent-
ative of a constituency which might present many
claims to respectful audience, to utter, for myself
and for those who agree with me, a few words
indicative of my own purposes, and of peace and
conciliation in behalf of the noblest and best Gov-
ernment that the sun m all his course looks down
upon.
If there were no other considerations than those
which spring fiom the current events of these
days, I might be among those who despair of the
Republic; for we seem to bo dissolving and sep-
arating into isolated fragments, like some fair
globe which once adorned the sky and shed its
benignant light throughout the universe of God;
but now, riven with convulsion, is bursting into
meager and telescopic stars, no longer beautifying
any constellation in the firmament, and in danger
of becoming lost from the observation, if not from
the knowledge of mankind. We have listened to
those, here and elsewhere, who talk as lightlyof
the value of the American Union as of a piece of
merchandise, which may be produced or disposed
of at pleasure. One might almost suppose the
Federal Constitution, the great compact of the
people, to be a convenient instrument which may
be followed or violated at pleasure. And we may
soon expect to hear the names of those who stand
foremost in our country's fame classed among
dreamy enthusiasts, or as gleaneis only in the
fields of political speculation. But, thank lleaven,
such i« not the voice of the people of the land.
Amidst all the discord and apparent disintegration
of the country, the gieat heart of the people sends
forth the pulsations of patriotic blood, giving hope
that the day is even yet to dawn when it shall re-
animate the whole body-politic, when the members
of the gieat confederate system shall revive under
its invigorating streams, and the glow ot health
and the vigor of life shall once more icstore us to
the noimal condition of unity, fraternity, and
powe r.
Mr. Speaker, I cannot refrain from speaking
warmly for that Union which I have been taught
to hold in devoted admiration from my earliest
years. It was my fortune to be born upon soil
near which transpired some of the principal events
of the American Revolution. The home of my
childhood, and of my maturcr life as well, was
within sight of the smoke of the convict on Bunker
Hill, in which the gallant little aimy of the colo-
nies suffeied a defeat, the glory of which sur-
passed even the victory of that day. The plains
of Lexington and Coneoul sent their startling
echoes over the very hills which have since been
my familiar haunts. I have gazed at frequent in-
tervals, all my life long, tipon the effigies m mar-
ble and upon canvas of those who braved the
perils and directed the counsels of these and of
later struggles. 1 have dwelt always amidst the
associations and traditions of their deeds. The
walk to my daily avocations has been beside the
memorials with which patriotism has sought to
bestow veneration andgrautude upon their names,
and I have worshiped m temples beneath and
around which ail but their imperishable glory and
their immortal spirits sleeps in the silence and
repose of death. Sir, I am.not prepared to cele-
