856
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 11,
Mr. BURNETT. A division was called for,
and the Chair divided the first and second resolu-
tions. We certainly had a right to a division of
the whole series of resolutions. Now, I would
stultify myself by voting for this resolution. I
can vote that the people of the non-slaveholding
States have no right to interfere with slavery, but
it would be stating what is false, to say that they
had no purpose to interfere with slavery in the
slave States.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will call the roll.
My. SICKLES. May I ask my colleague for
permission to make asuggestion? [Cries of "No!"
"Nay" " Call the roll! "] There is a mistake,
ami an important one, in the resolution. [Calls
to " Order! "1
Mrl VAN WYCK. I object to any interrup-
tion of the vote.
Mr. BOCOCK (when his name was called) said :
X ask to be excused from voting on this resolution.
I-'will not take up time to give my reasons.
Mr. RRABSON (when his name was called)
said: I cannot vote as to the intention of the Re-
publicans; but I vote "ay"on that part of the
resolution denying the power of the Government
to interfere with slavery in the States.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman vote?
Mr. BRABSON. I vote "ay."
Mr. BURCH (when his name was called) said:
I desire to state 
Mr. GROW. I rise to a point of order 
The SPEAKER. No debate can be allowed
during the roll-call.
Mr. HINDMAN. Why should not the gen-
tleman from California be allowed to make an
explanation as well as thegentleman from Tennes-
see, [Mr. Brabson?] I suppose he was allowed
to speak because he was known to occupy a posi-
tion different from that of most of us on this side.
It is well known what his position is—that he is
one of the submissionist party of the South.
Mr. BRABSON. If the gentleman from Ark-
ansas says that I am a submissionist, I tell him
that he is mistaken.
Mr. HINDMAN. I ask the gentleman if he
is not in favor of submitting?
Mr. BRABSON. I will never submit to any-
thing that is wrong—never!
Mr. BURCH. 1 subscribe to that portion of
the resolution which declares there is no power or
right in any of the northern States, or in the Gen-
eral Government to disturb, abolish, or interfere
with slavery in the slave States. [Cries of " Or-
der!"] But not being willing to vouch for the
opinions and desires of the people of Massachu-
setts, or any other northern State than my own,
I decline to vote. [Cries of" Order!" ]
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE (when his name
was called) said: The resolution expresses only
a universally conceded principle; anil therefore I
decline to vote,
Mr. HINDMAN. t ask to be excused from
voting. [Cries of " Object!"] Then, because
the latter part of the resolution asserts a false-
hood, I refuse to vote.
Mr. Q.UARLE3 stated that Mr. Leach, of
North Carolina, was confined to his room by in-
disposition.
Mr. MALLORY (when his name was called)
said: As I believe that to be the sentiment of a
majority of the people of the northern States, I
vote "ay." [Cries of " Good !"J 1 simply ex-
press my opinion in doing that.
Mr. MAYNARD (when his name was called)
said: I believe ill a portion of the resolution, and
I hope that the rest of it is true. Still, gentlemen
from the non-slaveholding States ought not to ex-
pect us from the slaveholdmg States to vote on
that part of the resolution, which is simply ex-
pressive of their purpose. Nobody is more grat-
ified than I am at the evidence on that point given
by the votes of the other side. I hail ii as a most
auspicious omen. I decline to vote.
Mr. McCLERNAND (when his name was
called,) said: Understanding that the word "pco-
pie," where it first occurs in the resolution, to
mean the whole people of a State, and not any party
or portion of the people thereof; and that the word
" States," whereit lastoccurs,means slaveholding
States; understanding this to be the meaning and
edict of the resolution, I vote for it—protesting,
however, at the same time, against the expression
of any opinion, on my part, as' to the purpose of
any anti-slavery organization of the North.
Mr. NIBLACK stated that his colleague, Mr.
Davis , was confined to his room by indisposition.
He (Mr. N.) declined to vote.
Mr. PHELPS (when his name was called) said:
The resolution affirms the purpose of the people
of the non-slaveholding States not to interfere with
slavery in the States. If this be true, I am glad of
it; but I cannot declare what their purpose is. The
resolution furthermore declares the non-slavehold-
ing States have no right to legislate concerning
slavery. This proposition I deny. New York has
the right to establish or prohibit slavery within
her limits.
The non-slaveholding States have the right, as
did New York and Pennsylvania in former years,
to protect the property in slaves of sojourners in
these States for a limited period of time. I can-
not vote for a resolution denying such a right. I
vote in the negative.
Mr. Q.UARLES (when his name was called)
said: Mr. Speaker, I fully concur in that portion of
this resolution which denies to the General Gov-
ernment, or to the people of the northern States,
the right to interfere with the institution of slavery
in the southern States.
But what are the purposes of the northern peo-
ple, I am not sufficiently informed to say. I
hope it may be true, sir, that they do not intend
to interfere with slavery in the southern States,
and that gentlemen from the North, on this floor,
as well as the people of the North, will soon evi-
dence that intention by adopting some measures
of fair and honorable compromise. I respectfully
ask to be excused from voting, sir.
Mr. RUFFIN (when his name wascalled) said:
Entertaining a profound contempt for all such po-
litical trickery, and not being disposed to swal-
low a glided pill, I respectfully decline to vote.
Mr. SCOTT (when his name was called) said:
As I believe the object of the Republican party
to be the exclusion of slavery, I vote " no."
Mr. STOUT (when his name was called) said:
I shall vote for the resolution, and believe it ex-
presses the unanimous voicc of my people. If it
was not true, disunion would not only be justi-
fiable, but necessary.
Mr. YANCE asked to be, and was, excused
from voting.
Mr. AVERY (when his name was called) said:
As we were not allowed, in taking this vote, to
separate a question of fact from the assertion of
a political principle; and as I could not vote either
the one way or the other without self-stultifica-
tion, 1 decline to vote.
Mr. COX. I vote for that part of the resolu-
tion which denies the right to interfere with sla-
very in the States. [Cries of " Order!"] As to
the purpose of the northern people thus to inter-
fere, I believe the hitherto controlling portion of
the dominant portion of the North had the pur-
pose thus to interfere, but that the majority of the
people North have no such purpose now. [Cries
of " Order!"] If they ever had, they are cured of
it. Record my vote "ay." [Shouts of "Order!"]
Mr. HARRIS, of Virginia. I wish to state
that I voted for the resolution without hearing it
read. Since hearing it read, however, I will with-
draw my vote.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. My colleague, Mr.
Pendleton, whose name has just been called, lias
been suddenly called home by the illness of his
father, and has paired off with my other colleague,
Mr. Stanton. Intending, myself, to voteforthe
Adams amendment—a practical measure—1 de-
cline to vote for this abstract resolution with a
double meaning.
Mr. STANTON. It is true that I paired with
my colleague Mr. Pendleton, but I had voted in
the affirmative, supposing Mr. Pendleton would
so vote if he were here. If my colleagues on the
other side of the House think otherwise, I will
withdraw my vote.
Mr. NOELL. I am glad to see the Republican
members of this House very generally voting for
this proposition; and I accept it as a very strong
indication of good feeling upon their part. Not
feelinginformed upon the subject myself, however,
as to the intention of the North, I respectfully
decline to vote.
Mr. WOODSON. I desire to say that there is
a fact stated in that resolution on which I am un-
informed. I therefore vote " no."
Mr. TRAIN stated that he had paired with Mr.
Kunkel.
Mr. BARR. I voted for the resolution; but
understanding that there is a difference of opinion
among members as to what the meaning of it is,
I will withdraw my vote.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I ask permission
to say that, understanding the object of this res-
olution is to express the opinion that there is no
purpose on the part of the non-slaveholding States
to interfere with slavery as it exists, and accept-
ing the unanimous vote of the gentlemen upon
the other side of the House as an indication that
their purpose is not to interfere with it, I vote
" ay."
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Understanding the res-
olution to assert that we have no right to interfere
with slavery where it exists in the States, I vote
" ay."
Mr. JENKINS. Believing the fact asserted
in the resolution to be untrue and the principle
asserted to be true, I decline to vote upon the res-
olution.
Mr. LEAKE. I rise to a personal explanation.
Mr. VAN WYCK. I object.
Mr. LEAKE. I want to know why it is that
gentlemen upon the other side of the House are
permitted to explain, and gentlemen on this side
are not permitted to explain.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is required to
arrest debate during the roll-call, if objection is
made.
Mr. LEAKE. Well, sir; I desire to know
then, why the rule is not applied to others. Mr.
Speaker, I decline to vote upon this proposition,
for the reason that it places us in the position of
voting for a statement of fact which we know to
be untrue, or of voting against a principle which
we know to be true. I believe it was designed,
by the gentleman who introduced it, to place us
upon this side in a false position, and I decline to
vote upon it.
The SPEAKER then announced that 106 gen-
tlemen had voted for the resolution and 4 against
it; and thatno quorum hadvoted. [Cries of"Call
the roll!"]
Mr. PETTIT. I rise to a question of order.
I addressed the Chair before he had announced
the vote, desiring to vote; and I insist that I have
the right to vote.
The SPEAKER. With that statement of fact,
the gentleman has the right to vote.
Mr. BURNETT. I rise to a question of order.
I submit that after the Chair had announced that
100 had voted in the affirmative and 4 in the neg-
ative, and that no quorum had voted, the gentle-
man from Indiana has no right to vote.
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that the
gentleman from Indiana has a right to vote.
Mr. SICKLES. The ambiguity of the reso-
lution is the reason why a quorum does not vote.
[Cries of" Order!"]
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is not in
order. The gentleman from Indiana has the right
to vote.
Mr. SICKLES. I hope my colleague will
modify his lesolution, so as to make his meaning
clear, and then, I presume, there will be no diffi-
culty about a quorum.
Mr. LEAKE. I rise to a question of order. I
submit that, after the vote has been announced,
it is not in order to receive the vote of any gentle-
man who has not voted.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has already de-
cided that the gentleman from Indiana has the
right to vote.
Mr. LEAKE. Well, the Chair dccided wrong,
and I take an appeal from his decision.
Mr. CURTIS. I rise to a point of order.
Mr. PETTIT. I rise to a question of order.
I was upon the floor addressing the Chair forthe
purpose of voting. The Chair had no right to
make any announcement that should cut. off my
vote; and therefore I submit that no announce-
ment has been made of the vote.
Mr. LEAKE. I have taken an appeal from the
decision of the Chair.
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that it is
not competent for any gentleman to take an ap-
peal from the decision of the Chair during the call
of the roll; and he will not, therefore, enteitain
the appeal. Ho makes the decision upon his own
responsibility, subject to the censure of the House.
Mr. LEAKE. I ask the Speaker if he has the
right to keep the polls open until to-morrow
morning?
