1861.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
273
36th cong....2d sess.
State of the Union—Mr. Pace.
Ho. of Reps.
brate the obsequies of the nation which, under
the will of Providence, the patriots founded; and
those who are now engaged in the sacrilege of its
destruction shall, I verily believe, after the pas-
sion of the hour has passed, live, while they con-
tinue, amidst the displeasure of earth and Heaven;
and history, tnrough all the years to come, shall
render their disgrace immortal.
I said that if there were no other considerations
than those derived from current events, we might
almost despair of the country. There are other
considerations. The instincts of men seem al-
ways to have pointed to a period when the ex-
periment of aGovernment founded upon the con-
sent of the governed should be successful; and
the repeated failures which have attended such
experiments hitherto, have not yet extinguished
either the hope or the conviction of ultimate suc-
cess. The American was founded in that hypoth-
esis and faith. It seemed sufficient to account
for the failure of antecedent republics that they
had been based upon the ruins of older political
systems, the relics and influence of which were
necessarily intermingled with their structure and
tempered their legislation. Here was a new coun-
try, with a fresh and vigorous people, where, in
the establishment of a Government, the task was
not so much to change and alter as to organize
and create a social system. The result has for
nearly eighty years stood forth as the example
of a nation which has become more and more the
pride and the marvel of the world. They have
seen its wonderful growth in population, their
enterpri'se, thrift,and intelligence;its development
in arts, the spread of its commerce, its advance-
ment in all the elements of high civilization, and
its early attainment of the rank of one of the four
greatest Powers of the earth.
In the majestic presence of the great Republic,
tyrants have trembled, and kings have wielded
their scepters with gentler hand. Imperial cabi-
nets and hoaiy Pailiaments have tempered their
decrees with growing deference to the popular
will. Justice has entered the royal courts, and
poised her balance upon the fulcrum of civic
rights; and fame—no longer the patron of privi-
leged classes—has laid the avenues to her shining
temple within the aspirations of the masses of
men. And ali this has been done before the Cap- ,
itol of the nation is completed, and before all the j
companions of its peerless founder have passed
from the earth.
But there was another consideration, or element,
to which the founders of this Government looked
for its stability, and which made it an exception
to its predecessors. It was to standupon the basis
of popular intelligence and civic virtues. It was
not upon its arms, or upon its industry, or upon
commerce, that they depended, so much as upon
these. If it falls now, what a tremendous fact will
be added to the history of human governments!
Its decline will send dismay into the hearts of every
oppressed and struggling people upon eaith, and
will be everywhere accepted as the final demon-
stration of the incapacity of the race to govern
itself; or else we must accept the humiliating al-
ternative, that, m this nineteenth century of the
Christian era—the golden period of modern times
—there was not enough of virtue and intelligence
among the American people to preserve a Gov-
cmmentconceived by the wisdom and patriotism,
and sealed with the blood, of their immediate an-
cestors. I cannot believe we have reached such
national degeneracy as is thus implied.
The physical structure of the continent, and
the commercial relations thereby incident to our
people, all point also to a unity of Government.
We compass the width of the domain from sea
to sea. We have grout navigable waters upon
the north and upon the south; nearly all varieties
of natural productions grow under the several
degrees of latitude between them; while the North
is bound to the South, and the South to the North,
by navigable streams whose courses conform
nearly to the mcudians of longitude. To these
physical bonds we may always add the less pal-
pable, but even stronger, ties of community of
race, of language, of religion, and of mutual in-
terest; and we find in these all the assurance that,
whatevei obstacles may for the moment interrupt i
our peaceful union, the laws by which we are held
togetherarestrongereventhanthepassionsofmen
ni-:w skkie^—no. 18.
There is, to be sure, Mr. Speaker, one aspect
of affairs which suggests a providential interrup-
tion in the events which are now transpiring.
Every reflecting mind may not have considered
the fact that these events occur at a peculiar pe-
riod in our national progress; and the lesson which
they are designed to teach may have a significance
which is not immediately apprehended. During
the existence of the Anglo-Saxon race upon this
continent, they have passed through the various
political stages of colonial-dependence and con-
federate States, and are now in the relation of a
General Government, superseding that Confed-
eration. It would not be difficult to suggest prov-
idential reasons why the discovery of the conti-
nent itself was assigned to the particular period
when itoccurred; and something more than chance
seems to have directed the remarkable incidents
of the immigration by which it was settled, and
the peculiar elements of which that immigration
was composed. Certain it is, that nowhere else
could that freedom of opinion have been attained
which has here been cxcrcised; nor the same elas-
ticity of character have been developed, except
when there was the same boundless territory in-
viting to enterprise and adventure. Was it, then,
part of the providential design that such pecu-
liarities of character, and a corresponding elas-
ticity of government, should be constituted for the
purpose of subjugating this continent, and open-
ing it to the purposes and uses of the noblest civ-
ilization ? And this result having now been mainly
accomplished, the wildeiness threaded, the mount-
ains scaled, the savage subdued, and the oceans
united by a cultivated and homogeneous race, arc
we preparing to enter upon a new phase of polit-
ical life, in which the characteristics of discovery
and expansion shall be exchanged for consolida-
tion and discipline? A French writer of distinc-
tion has given his conception of an ideal condition
of society, "in which all men would profess an
equal attachment and respect for the laws of which
they are the common authors; in which the au-
thority of the State would be respected as neces-
sary, though not as divine, and the loyalty of the
subject to the Chief Magistrate would not be a pas-
sion, but a quiet and rational persuasion; where
every individual, being i-i the possession of rights
which he is sure to retain, a manly reliance and
reciprocal courtesyshould arise between all classes,
removed alike from pride and from meanness."
Certainly the United States have already realized
all, and more than this conception; and if we have
at length reached one of those great transition
periods which occur in the life of netions, then,
indeed, the time has come when the real great-
ness of our Government and the strength of its
institutions are to be tested; when we are to ex-
hibit the nobilityof the American people, and en-
ter their final vindication among men; or when we
are to meet the fate and fortunes of those whose
weakness, or blindness, or impetuosity, shall add
one more to the wrecks of empires, in view, then,
of the emergency which is before us and around
us, we may well summon our best powers to meet
this houi of tiicil; to resist this demon of national
discoid; to cast out the influence which is allur-
ing us to national dissolution and fratricidal war;
so that, after its departure, we may survey with
clearer vision this fairest heritage of the earth,
and from the heights of a loyal patriotism in-
voke those ministrations of peace which shall con-
secrate afresh and forever our devotion to our
native land.
Mr, Speaker, I believe that the great contro-
versy which is at present waged with such fero- j
city as to threaten the destiuciion of this Govern- j
ment, is assigned to the smallest causes that ever j
engendered a national tumult. And if the case ,
were fully stated in the catalogue of grievances
which has been presented for its justification, it
would seem to require but little either of time or
of ability to bnngabout a satisfactory settlement.
It has been alleged that the election of a President
by a party limited to one section of the country is
justifiable cause for the people of the opposite sec-
tion to dissolve their connection with the Govern-
ment. If this be so, then the election of a Presi-
dent wuuld seem to be <t ^rugjuphical problem,a
question of zones and of parallels of latitude and
longitude, whose hetuo^enoocts suffrage must be
blended into the unit of a successful candidate—
an experiment in political alchemy too dangerous
and intricate, I imagine, for common undertaking.
But if it be said that the complaint is not so much
a matter of locality as of certain opinions and
sentiments which are predominant in certain
places, then the contest is against the incorpora-
tion of those supposed peculiar opinions, or th<?
policy founded upon them, into the administration
of the General Government; and the matter of
locality is, after all, of little account.
Now, the present Administration was elected by
the blended suffrage of free and of slave States;
and yet, in reference to certain opinions and pol-
icy upon the only question of great importance
in controversy between the North and the South,
it has been as thoroughly sectional as though all
the suffrage which created it had laid south of
Mason and Dixon's line. So true is this, that
when the Democratic "party assembled at Charles-
ton to nominate new candidates for the highest
offices in the Government, there was so much
division of sentiment on this question that some
of those who had been its loyal supporters for
years, in the North, revolted in offense; and left
their recent associates ultimately to nominate can-
didates who received not a single electoral vote
outside of the slave States of the Union. And yet
nien who were the supporters of these candidates
in the extreme South are, for the most part, those
who propose to break up this Union for the al-
leged reason that the new President, though
elected by Iegal_and constitutional means by the
people of the country, did not receive his support
in accordance with a certain geographical distri-
bution of popular opinion ana suffrage. But let
us suppose the President to have been chosen by
one section of the country only, and that he sym-
pathizes with the opinions which are in a great
degree peculiar to that section: this is, after all, a
small matter, compared with the offset proposed.
The Government of the United States is design-
edly so constructed as to place in no one indi-
vidual, and in no one department, an amount of
authority or power, which, if exercised alone,
could be laigely destructive of the liberties and
rights of the people. It is made up in the form of
a system of checks and balances, in which the '
prerogatives and immunities of the citizen are se-
cured on the one hand, and the restraints and
regulations of law are determined and exercised
by Congress, Executives, Cabinets, and courts,
on the other.
It is only when all these are combined in a sin-
gle direction, and thus become independent of
supervision or control, that danger and oppres-
sion and abuse are to be apprehended; when all
departments of the Government, concurring in
one line of policy, may become a manifold despot.
All experience testifies that good faith and effici-
ency are promoted by the supervision and re-
straints of minorities; and that parties become
corrupt, and the Government which they control
weakened and pillaged, very much in proportion
to the magnitude of their majorities ana the dura-
tion of their power. It so happened that, with
the election of Mr. Lincoln to the Presidency, the
party which supported him had secured a major-
ity in neither branch of Congress, and therefore
his opponents need not entertain fears of his ad-
ministration, even if, under other circumstances,
evil might be apprehended; because the existing
laws have been enacted or approved by Con-
gresses and Presidents of opposite opinions to his
own respecting the disputed question of the day,
and no new laws could be reached, except through
a Congress in which hisfiiends would be the
minoiity.
Bat it is not strictly true that the recent election
was decided wholly upon the issue of the slavery
question,as isso often stated, here and elsewhere.
The people, not only suspected, but had become
convinced, that great corruption existed in some
of the departments of the Government. The lim-
ited and hasty investigations which had been in-
stituted, gave abundant evidence of that fact; and
thousands of persons gave their votes for the suc-
cessful candidate, from the conviction that it was
neccssary to clear away the abuses which had
been so freely tolerated* The election ovoithrew
the ascendency of the then dominant party: but
it dtd not institute its rival with such completeness
as to render it liable to similar excesses. There
