858
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 11,
absent from the House, in attendance on the
funeral of a distinguished citizcn of Connecticut,
who died suddenly in this city.
Mr. DAWES stated that his colleague, Mr.
Alley, was confincd to his room by illness.
Mr. KILGORE begged to be excused from
voting.
Mr. QUAPvLES stated that Mr. Leach, of
North Carolina, was detained in his room by ill-
ness; and that lie was instructed to state that, if he
were present, he would vote in the affirmative on
the pending resolution.
Mr. R1GGS stated that his colleague, Mr.
Adrain, had been called home by sickness in his
family.
Mr. LEAKE stated that his colleague, Mr. De
Jarnette, had been called home.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM stated that, if his
colleague, Mr. Pendleton, were present, he had
no doubt he would vote in favor of the resolution
as it had been tfiodified.
The vote was announced as above recorded.
TOBACCO TRADE.
Mr. HASK1N. I am directed by the Commit-
tee on Printing to report the following resolution:
Resolved, That there be printed, for the use of the House,
five thousand extra coptcs of the repoit of the select coin-
mittee upon the tobacco tiade of the United States with
foreign countues.
That is the report of Colonel Hughes upon
that important subject.
The resolution was agreed to.
FRANKING "PRIVILEGE.
Mr. HASKIN, from the Committee on Print-
ing, reported the following resolution, which was
read, considered, and agreed to :
Resolved, That theto bo printed, for the U'-e of the House,
ten thousand extia copies of the icport of the select com-
mittee upon the /ranking privilege.v
COAST SURVEY REPORT.
Mr. HASKIN, from the Committee on Print-
ing, reported the following resolution :
Jtctt>frcrf,Thattlicrebepiinted,for the useof the House,
five thousand extia copies of the repoit of the Superintend-
ent of the Coa.-t Survey for the year I860; three thousand
of which for disti ibution by the Superintendent, and two
thousand for the use of the members ot the IIou>c.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Is that the
usual number, and the manner in which they are
usually divided ?
Mr. HASKIN. It is.
Mr. BURNETT. I ask the yeas and nays
upon that resolution.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The resolution was then agreed to.
Mr. HASK1NS moved to reconsider the votes
by which the several resolutions were adopted;
and also moved to lay the motion to reconsider
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
DAVID G. BATES.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I call for the
regular order of business.
The SPEAKER. The regular of business is
the pending motion, coming over from a previous
Monday, to suspend the rules to take up the bill
of the House No. 115, for the relief of the legal
representatives of David G. Bates.
The lull, which was read, instructs the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to ascertain, as in the case
of John P. B. and llenry Gratiot, what amount,
if any, of rent was exacted by the United States
agent of lead mines from David G. Bates for lead
mined and smelted upon the lands of the Ottawa,
Pottawatomie, Chippewa, Winnebago, or other
tribes of Indians prior to the purchase thereof by
the United States, and to pay such amount as
may be legally proved to have been actually paid
by said David G. Bates in his lifetime to such
agent of the United States, to the legal represent-
atives of the said Bates, out of any moneys m the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
The repoit, which was read, states that this
claim depends upon the same principles as that
of Moses Meeker, reported on the 19th of March
last, and also of the claims of J. P. B. Gratiot
and Henry Gratiot, and Joseph Hardy and Alton
Long, which have heretofore been allowed by
Congress.
Jt appears, by letters from the Treasury De-
partment and Goncnl Land Office, that David G.
bates paid one hundred and seventeen thousand
four hundred and thirty-one pounds of lead as
rept prior to the dates of the treaties by which
the lead lands on the upper Mississippi came into
the undisputed possession of the United States.
The petitioner alleges that while this rent was
exacted by the United States, rent was also ex-
acted by and paid to the Indians, who claimed
the land on which the lead mines were located.
Mr. THOMAS. I object to taking up the bill.
The SPEAKER. The motion is upon sus-
pending the rules.
Mr. STANTON. I would like to know how
much money is involved in that bill?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Mr. Bates
paid some one hundred and seventeen thousand
four hundred and thirty-one pounds of lead as
rent. I think its value would average about two
cents per pound at the time it was paid. The
amount involved is about twenty-two hundred
dollars.
The question was taken; and the rules were sus-
pended.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to re-
consider the vote by which the bill was passed;
and also moved to lay the motion to reconsider
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PACIFIC RAILROAD BILL.
Mr. CURTIS offered the following resolution
in reference to the Pacific railroad bill:
Resolved, That House bill No. 701, with the amendments
of the Senate, he made the special order for Tuesday and
Wednesday next, and considered in the House.
Objection being made,
Mr. CURTIS moved to suspend the rules.
Mr. THOMAS called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 117, nays 33; as follows:
YEAS—Me-^rs, Charles I<\ Adam*, Green Adams, Al-
drich, Alien, Thomas L. Anderson, Han, Bauer, Hinsham,
Mali, Blake, Boteler, K ray ton, Briggs, lln^tovv, Hnfririton,
Bureli, Burlingame, Uutterfield, Campbell, Carter, Case,
John B. Clark, Coburn, John Coehiane, Colfax, Conkhng,
Conway, Corwin, Covodo, Co\', Janice Ctaig, OintH,
Dawes," Delano, Dueli, Dunn, Fidgciton, Edwards, Eliot,
Ely, Farn<worth, Fenton, Fenv, Florence, Foster, Frank,
French, Gooeli, Gtow.Gurley, Hale, flail, Hamilton, Hat-
ton, Uolmiek, Uonid, VVilltam Ilmvatd, Humphrey, Hutch-
ins, Imne, Junkin, Fianeis W. Kellosg, William Kellogg,
Keiivon, Iulgore, Larrahee, DeWittC. Leach,I^ec, Love-
joy, Mallorv,MeCleinand, MeKean, McKenty, MeKmgbt,
Mtilvvaid, Laban T. Moore, Mooihead, Nelson, Nixon,
Palmer, Perry, Pettit, Potter. Potter, Pottle, Quarlcs, John
II. Reynolds, Rice, Christophei Rol>in>on, Rojee, i^eott,
Sedgwick, Siolcle<, SpauUlmg, Spinner, Stanton, William
Stewart, Stokes, Stout, Straiton, Tappan, Thayer, Thea-
kcr, Tompkins, Vance, Vaudever, Van Wjek, Venee,
Wade, YValdron, Walton, Oadwalader C. Washburn, E1--
hhu 1?. Wasliburne, Wells, Wilson, Windotn, and Wood
son—117.
NAYS—Mcsms. Boffock, Bmwn, Buinett, Carev, Hor-
ace F. (.'lam, Cienn'iw, Burton Craigi\ UnglNh, Gilmer,
John T. flanis Uaskm. Hughes.Logan, Elbert S. Martin,
Mavnaid, McPheison,Millson, iMontgomeiy,Morrill, Isaac
N. Morn*, Niblack, Peyton, Phelps, Pryor, Ring4', James C.
Rohm-on, Ruffin, Stevenson,Thomas, Trimble, Vallandig-
hatn, Wmslow, and Wright— 3(1.
So the rules were suspended.
During the vote,
Mr. Q.UARLES stated that Mr. Leach, of
North Carolina, was absent from the House in
consequence of sickness; that had he been here,
he would have voted m the negative.
Mr. GARNETT stated that, had he been in the
bar when his name was called, he should have
voted m the: negative.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
During the call, also,
A message was received fiorn the Senate, by Mr.
Patton, one of its clerks, informing the House
that the Senate disagreed to the amendments of
S the House to the amendments of the Senate to the
bill (H. R. No. 8GG) to supply deficiencies in the
appropi iations for the service of the fiscal year
ending June 30,1861, and insisted upon its amend-
ments disagreed to by the House, and ask a fur-
ther committee of conference.
Mr. SICKLES. I ask that the request of the
Senate be acceded to.
Mr. PIIELPS. I object to it now, as it will
interfere wnh the vote now being taken.
Mr. SICKLES. 1 see no reason why the matter
may not be disposed of now.
The SPEAKER. After the result of this vote
is announced, it will be in order.
Mr. PHELPS. I object to taking up the matter
at this time.
Mr. SICKLES. The gentleman's objection
comes too late. He should have objected before
the reception of the message.
Mr. PHELPS. A message can be rereived at
anytime; but its consideration is another question.
The result of the vote was then announced, as
above recorded.
Mr. CURTIS. I now offer my resolution.
Mr. GROW. Before the question is put upon
the adoption of the resolution, I ask the gentleman
from Iowa to allow me to have read an amend-
ment which I desire to offer whenever the bill
comes up for consideration.
No objection being made, the amendment was
read, as follows:
Add at the end of thirty-eighth amendment of Senate,
page 19, line nineteen :
Provided, That, in ease the people of Texas shall adopt
an oidinance of secession m violation of the authority and
laws of the United States, and shall adhere to the same for
at least six months, then the piovisions herein made for
granting lands and Government bonds to the Southern Pa-
cific Railroad Company, of which Vernon E. Stevenson is
president, shall be void.
Mr. CURTIS. I shall oppose thatamendment,
not believing that Texas is going to take that
course.
The resolution was then agreed to.
So the Pacific railroad bill was made the special
order for Tuesday and Wednesday next.
Mr. CURTIS moved to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution was agreed to; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
DEFICIENCY BILL.
Mr. SICKLES. I now move that the House
concur in the request of the Senate to appoint a
new committee of conference on the deficiency
bill.
The motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER subsequently appointed Mr.
Sickles, Mr. Campbell, and Mr. Aldricii, to
constitute such commutce on the part of the House.
LEGISLATIVE BILL.
Mr. SHERMAN. I rise to make a privileged
report. I am instructed by the Committee of
Ways and Means to report back Senate amend-
ments to House bill No. 892, making appropria-
tions for the legislative, executive, and judicial
expenses of the Government for the year ending
the 30th of June, 1862. The consideration of
those amendments will probably not consume
more than ten minutes. I am happy to say that
the Senate has done what is very unusual; it has
made very few amendments, and most of them
arc formal in their character. I ask that they be
taken up and considered now.
No objection being made, the amendments were
taken up and considered, as follows:
First amendment:
Pa?e 1, line seventeen, etriko out the woul "officers,"
and insert "officerso that the clause shall read:
Ollicer chaiged with the disbursements of the Senate,
$480.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended a concurrence.
The amendment was agreed to.
Second amendment:
Page 3, after line twenty, insert:
For the n^ual additional compensation to the reporters
of the Henate toi tfie Congicsnonal Globe, for lepoitmg the
proceedings of the Senate lor the fh-tsession oi theThuty-
Seventh Congtes-, $800 each, 34,000.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended a concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Third amendment:
Page 5, line eighteen, strikeout "$9j,81S," and insert
" £87,318 "
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended a non-concurrence.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Fourth amendment:
Page 7, after line twenty-three, strike out the following:
To enable the Superintendent of the Public Punting to
cany into efieet the provisions of the joint ie.«.olution in
ielation to the public [ii inting, appioved &Jd Januaiy, 1800,
$13jjG00: Provided, That no part ol this appropriation - hall
ba expended until the title to the propeuy puichased shall
