!74
APPENDIX TO TEE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 28,
36th Cons....2d Sess.
State of the Union—Mr. Rice.
Ho. of Reps.
was such a mingling of success and of failure in
the result, as to invite watchfulness, prevent fraud,
and secure vigilance in all departments of the
Government; so that the new Administration,
judged by any reasonable supposition, was so ;
constituted as to render it national in tone, and
conservative of the interests of the whole country.
But, besides the election of a President who did
not reside within the limits of the slave States,
although he was born in one of them, certain le-
gislative acts of some of the free States are cited
as being unconstitutional, and hostile to the re-
covery of fugitives from service in the southern
States. It would seem to be sufficient to say, as
has been said already, that the laws complained
of must be of very little practical importance,
since they have never secured the liberty of a sin-
gle slave. It is also well understood that all legis-
lation of the States must subordinate to the
Constitution of the United States-, and conse-
quently, that anjr law which is in conflict with
tnat instrument is as inoperative and void as
though it had never been written, it would be
needless even to repeal such laws, except it be to
clear the records of statutory rubbish, to remove
causes of misapprehension, and to maintain that
respect for the supreme law of the land which
will be the desire of all patriotic people. The va-
lidity of any law of the free States may be easily
determined. The Federal courts in that section
are free to every citizen, come whence he may;
and the judges are as incorruptible as the tri-
bunals are accessible". If any law whatever be
constitutional, then it is the right of any State to
enact it; and this right becomes a duty when de-
manded by the security and welfare of its citizens.
If, on the other hand, it be unconstitutional, it is
for that reason dead. It is a notable fact that the
importance of the laws, known as personal lib-
erty laws, seems to be estimated inversely in the
ratio of the necessity for thoir existence. Thus
the Gulf cotton States, which were the first to
raise the rebellion which assigns these laws, in
part, as its cause, or its justification, lose com-
paratively*few slaves; and the States at the op-
posite extremity of the country, where fugitives
seldom remain, and through whose domain they
rarely pass, arc those which have been among the
readiest to enact them.
There is no reason that I am aware of, to doubt
that the second section of the fourth article of the
Constitution was designed to secure the rendition
of fugitive slaves, and that it was so understood
at the time of its adoption; and therefore, the States
are legally and honorably bound to recognize pro-
ceedings properly instituted for that purpose.
While, therefore, such is the duty of the States to
conform to this obligation, that is also a reason
why the Federal law, carrying the provision into
effect, should not be needlessly stringent; and above
all, why it should not be made specially repugnant
to the feelings of the people, among whom at best
its execution must be more or loss odious. If is,
doubtless, the right of a State to protect its citizens
against the malexecution of even Federal laws
within its own jurisdiction, but its loyalty forbids
that it shall interfere with their legitimate opera-
tion. The fact that somfc of the States in which
the personal liberty laws exist have voluntarily
modified or repealed them, or have instituted in-
quiries respecting their validity and necessity, is
abundant indication that the public mind is so
open to a proper understanding of the subject, and
to a right decision, whatever it may be, as to de-
stroy all occasion for a disruption of the Govern-
ment on this account.
It is still further asserted that the people of the
free States are imbued with certain sentiments of
hostility to slavery, the logical sequence of which
would lead to its entire abolition in the United
States. Now, if it be objected that the people of
one section'of the country enteitam certain opin-
ions respecting any subject, which opinions are
the result of reason and observation and convic-
tion, then, indeed, we have a difficulty not easily
removed; because that objection strikes at the
foundation of all freedom, and, passing through
the spheres of public and social and domestic life,
invades the sanctity of the individual intellect and
heart. It is an invasion, not of the right of ac- J
tion or of speech, but of thought, upon which no |
restraint, unless self-imposed, has ever been long i
successful; an invasion which will be submitted
to only by a weak and pusillanimous people. Er-
roneous opinions, whose falsity can be clearly
demonstrated, are comparatively harmless, be-
cause they are easily cured; and as there is a
power in nature which springs into exercise for
the restoration of order, wheueverany of its forces
are disturbed, so theie is a law of opinion work-
ing through the cycles of time as inflexible as na-
ture's king. Therefore, whatever errors of opinion
prevail in consequence of the difficulty of demon-
strating their falsity, will surely be corrected by
reaction, sooner or later, at the very point where
they have been most common. But the appre-
hension felt at the South respecting the hostility
of the North, and the purpose of the people of
that section to interfere with slavery where it ex-
ists under legal sanction, is totally unfounded.
The discussion of this subject, if attended with
loss of temper and with alienation of feeling, has
been productive of abefterand clearer undemand-
ing of the mutual rights and obligations of the
two sections of the country in respect to this in-
stitution. While the conviction almost univer-
sally prevails that slavery isan evil and,as an ele-
ment in society, a weakness, for which the people
of the North will nothold themselves responsible
in their own section, yet it is admitted to be an
institution which has legal existence in certain
States of this Union, which they are bound to
recognize. And the extent of this recognition is
to security from interference by Congress or by
the Legislature of one State with that institution
in any other State where it exists by sanction of
the local law. The resolution which was unani-
mously adopted by this House, a few days ago,
on this subject, shows that there is no diversity of
opinion here on this point, and I do not believe
there is in the Legislatures ofany of the free States.
But it is said that the danger lies not in the senti-
ment of opposition to slavery as at preseut devel-
oped, but in that form which, to use the current
expression, is its logical sequence. Now, there
is scarcely an opinion on any subject which has
not its rational limits, beyond which itlapses into
a vice or an absurdity; and almost every virtue
has at some time or other been drawn out of its
practical and operative sphcie into the ban en and
useless formula of an ahstuictiou. Thus, we aie
told that the natiual consequence of hostility to
slavery, which the northern people of this coun-
try share with nearly the whole civilized world,
is the desire for its abolition everywhere; and
the sequence of thisdesne is the attempt to ac-
complish that object; ami this attempt is war-
fare upon the rights and property of the people of
the South, and hence the necessity for a dissolu-
tion of the LJinan, On the other hand, the state-
ment is, that slavery being " a great moral, social,
and political evil," it ought not to be tolerated
anywhere; but it ih tolerated in a portion of the
Federal Union, and in a measure sanctioned by that
Union and its Constitution, through the opera-
tion of local laws: henee that Constitution is an
infamous compart, and the Union a league with
powers of evil, which ought to be dissolved; and
thus the theory of logical sequence, applied in
opposite directions to this vexed question of sla-
very, takes us to precisely the same result; and
henee, too, it is that at this very day the violent
champions of slavery on the one hand, and the
violent Abolitionists on the other, meet in unhal-
lowed fellowship to destroy this Union, which
the loyal and patriotic citizens of all sections are
striving to maintain.
it is, indeed, not to be wondered at that excite-
ment and apprehension prevail at the South, if the
people of that section believe it to be the purpose
of the Republican party to make forays upon their
towns, incite servile insurrections, and imperil the
lives of those who aie deaiest to them on earth.
Examples of the most imaginary nature are held
up as representatives of northern sentiment; and
the expressions of men, whose well known ultra-
isms long since rendered their opinions powerless
at home, are disseminated as the current and ac-
cepted discussion of the relations of the two sec-
tions of the country; while the foray of John
Brown, who, after the labor of years," found, in
the United States and Canada, twenty men willing
to join a piratical expedition against one of the
Slates of this Union, is promulgated as the legiti-
mate fruit of the intellectual and religious train-
ing of the whole body of the northern people.
But who is to be blamed for all this misrepresent-
ation, when neither northern men nor the north-
ern press, generally, is allowed to bear the con-
tradiction and the evidence to their doors ? Strong
and general as is popular disapproval of slavery
in the free States, I do not believe it is much, if any,
stronger now than it was ten or fifteen years ngo.
The resolutions of the conventions of the dom-
inant party in the country are not more stringent
or decisive than those of the Whig party were
within the time alluded to; nor do the most dis-
tinguished men of the Republican party to-day
give it stronger opposition than did Mr. Webster
and Mr. Clay. The Whig party had contended
for the constitutional rights of freemen, and the
limitation of slavery, until the controversy was
supposed to be virtually ended in the compromise
measures of 1850. The dominant party in the
country to-day contends for nothing more.
But, sir, the difficulty which at present sur-
rounds us is deeper than the causes which are
publicly assigned; and, as the conspirators grow
bolder, they become more frank in their avowals.
It is not that Mr. Lincoln has been elected, not
that the question of slavery is discussed, not that
its emancipation in the States where it exists is
apprehended—for they know that is impossible
so long as the Constitution and the Union are pre-
served—but it is that two systems of civilization
are brought into contrast upon this continent; and
that one of these systems is supposed to suffer
from the other, to which it nevertheless contributes
the means of superior success. The distinguish-
ing difference between them is, that, under one
system, there is a union of labor and capital in
the conduct of its enterpiises without disparity in
the pieiogatives of citizenship among its popula-
tion; and that, under the other system, capital
owns the labor and dictates the character and
amount of its social and political privileges. Out
of these different relations may be traced, respect-
ively, the tendencies towards the perpetuation of
a Republic, and towards the establishment of a
Government essentially aiistocratic or monarch-
ical. The peculiarities of soil and climate have
favored puisuita in which this distinction may be
obtained; and the growing alienation of the peo-
ple of the two sections, arising from an interrup-
tion of cordial and confidential intercourse and
association, and fiom contest for control of the
unoccupied territory of the country, has obscured
the immense advantages which accrue from a
common Government.
In the midst of this unnatural isolation, the
seeds of separation, planted in an unhappy hour
by an able but always disloyal statesman, have
gei minated and are budding for their legitimate
fruit. The dreamy and sunlit glories of a south-
ern confederacy, in which the principles which
he promulgated and the policy which he foreshad-
owed are promised realization, now entrance the
gaze and bewilder the patriotism of a portion of
our fellow-countrymen; while the herald of an
untried and perhaps blood-stained future sum-
mons others still to its desperate embrace.
But another of the chief causes of the present
disaffection in the cotton States is the arrogance
engendered by an excessive estimate of their im-
portance in relation to the markets of the world.
" Cotton is king," has become the watchword and
the accepted conclusion of the people of that sec-
tion, and they have also grown into the belief that
while the throne of this textile sovereign is based
upon a narrow belt of States above the Gulf of
Mexico, his empire is the world; and that his
scepter can sway the destinies of commerce and
manufactures, and finally of laces, and regulate the
opinions of men. The vast importance of cotton
to the commerce and industry of the world need
not and cannot be questioned. But, however
great, it is insufficient, as is any other single prod-
duct, for the support of a civilized nation.
One of the grand mistakes which I apprehend
would be discovered in the proposed cotton con-
federacy, is forgetfulness that a diversity of em-
ployments is essential to national development
and national wealth; and that this diversity is
incompatible with but a single product, or with
several products* provided they require labor of
but a single grade. A significant example of this
