1861.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
36th Cong-.... 2d Sess.
State of the Union—Mr. Bice.
Ho. oi? Reps.
fact is found in the difference between the free
and the slave States of this Union; andespecially
between the States of Massachusetts and South
Carolina, two among the oldest of the number.
Nature has bestowed upon the latter superior ad-
vantages of soil and climate, and yet, in material
prosperity and population, she is among the slow-
est States in progress; while the former, with
natural disadvantages, supports a larger popula-
tion to the square mile, well fed, clothed, and ed-
ucated, than any other State, and lias also a larger
amountof wealth in proportion to her population,
a large share of which has been derived from her
diversified industry. This diversity is compati-
ble only with a considerable degree of education
and discipline on the part of the laborers them-
selves. Without this the arts cannot flourish, and
their products will always present the contrast
of crude and unskillful experiments. Those who
are more familiar with the characteristics of slave
population than I am, can better tell how far it is
consistent with security and subordination to ed-
ucate them; but all can judge how far the African
can compete with the white laborer in thecompe-
tiuons of mechanical industry extensively prose-
cuted.
it is true that we have heard suggested as an
alternative to this education and employment of
the blacks an invitation to colonies of northern
mechanics to settle in theSouthunderinducements
of larger profits and constant employment; and I
remember that the newspapers, about a year ago,
furnished accounts of such invitations from the
extreme South to certain bodies of mechanics then
temporarily out of employment in Massachusetts.
But the progress of emancipation in the States
which have become free has been tolerably com-
mensurate with the introduction of free labor;
and I do not know why this should not still con-
tinue to be so. Besides, if the evil or danger of
living under a common Government with the
northern people, though separated from them by
long distances, is sogreatas to be sufficient cause
for the destruction of the Government and a dis-
solution of the Union, it is not apparent how that
evil will be abated, or that danger removed, by
importing a sufficient number of those people to
make up the diversity of industrial employments,
which is essential to the vigorous growth of States.
But furthermore, Mr. Speaker, there is a proverb
made trite by frequent illustration, which says
that " whom the gods wish to destroy they first
make mad." And to entertain the idea, in this
age, that the exchanges of the world and its in-
dustry can be indefinitely controlled, by monop-
olizing within a small space a product which will
grow upon one quarter or one third of the earth Js
surface, is surely an approximation to the hint of
the proverb. Why, sir, the " world's exhibi-
tions," as they are termed, showed that the in-
ventive genius of the age is unparalleled, and we
see the practical evidences of the fact on every
hand; and if there be one characteristic in which
the people of the northern States proveibially
excel, it is a wonderful sagacity in the discovery
of expedients to overcome difficulties.
It singularly happens that two or three incidents
occur at this junctui? of affairs which are likely
to affect the progress of the confederacy of cotton
States which is foreshadowed.
1. The divergence of the flow of cotton from
the southern commercial cities to the inland rail-
road routes, to which it is forced by the inter-
ruption of southern ports, and the development
of the fact that this mode of communication and
transport presents special advantages of speed,
safety, and probably of economy: which consid-
erations are likely "to render the employment of
these routes permanent after the present necessity
foi their use has been withdiawn. Should this be
so, the effect upon the points alluded to must be
very unfavorable, especially as the return freights
will" be likely to follow the same lines of travel
and m the same vehicles.
2. As to the supply of cotton. England, if I
mistake not, obtains about thirty per cent, of her
supply from India; and the quantity from that
source is likely to increase, rather than dimmish,
in the ratio of iior future consumption; the balance
she gets from various sources, butchiefly from the
United State's. RecentdiscovenesinAfricaindicate
the adaptability of an immens<rtractofcountry to
cotton culture, surrounded and overrun with labor
suited to that purpose; and English enterprisehas
already commenced its occupation. We have also
accountgof influences at work in Turkey, through
which that ancient country, reputed now to grow
thirty-five to forty million pounds of cotton an-*
nually, will immensely increase her production.
Egypt, Brazil, Peru, Mexico,and the West Indies,
are also growing competitors. Two of our coun-
trymen who have enjoyed opportunities for ex-
tensive observation in Central America, have re-
cently given to the public statements showing the
complete facilities for cotton culture in the region
lying at the foot of our continent, and the pecu-
liar inducements for its prosecution. Measures
have already been initiated for the organization
of enterprises of a peaceful nature, to be sustained
by associated capital, which shall undertake this
business. The land may be obtained at small
cost, the local governments favor the enterprise,
and the desideratum of cheap labor may be con-
sidered to be substantially supplied by the local
population and the opening of voluntary emigra-
tion from China to California, and elsewhere, and
which would undoubtedly be attracted to this new
field. Heie are already resouices sufficient to
supply the world with cotton; and the reason why
they have not been earlier considered and devel-
oped is because the regular sources of supply from
the cotton States have not been materially inter-
rupted. Much less than the enterprise and capital
which have been expended on northern railroads
or northern factories would render the cultivation
of cotton in these new fields abundantly success-
ful, and the supply inexhaustible.
3. There is a new rival to King Cotton himself,
of different, but possibly of formidable lineage..
During several years past, various experiments
have been made for obtaining a substitute for cot-
ton from flax; and, since the idea of compulsory
terms for a supply of cotton fiom the southern
States has been promulgated, the result of these
experiments lias been broughtmore conspicuously
into notice.
I have before me a specimen of flax cotton, for-
warded to me within a week past by an extensive
merchant, residing in the district which I have
the honor to represent. The specimen was ac-
companied by a letter, which says that this article
can be produced and delivered in Boston at seven
and a half cents per pound, it being grown in the
free States. Two million pounds of this article
will be manufactured during the present year,
the letter proceeds to say; and the quantity can
be extended indefinitely. I do not know how
universally adapted to use this cotton is, and I am
aware that two million pounds is not an alarming
quantity. But, if this article is only adapted to
the commonest purposes, and if we remember,
also, how recent is the time when the United States
altogether did not produce two million pounds of
cotton, this may be esteemed a competitor not to
be despised. With all these facts before them,
and many others, which this occasion does not
permit me to mention, it appears to me that, if
there be any portion of the Ameucan people who
are in danger of mistaking their commercial im-
portance, and which needs that alliance and pro-
tection wlueh is found in a great Power like the
undivided Union, that portion is the cotton States.
As the cause of the existing difficulties is mis-
taken or insufficient, so is the remedy resorted to
unjustifiable and treasonable, it is an attempt,
under the guise of a plausible and inoffensive
phrase, to break engagements solemnly made at
home and abroad: to destroy the Government
which the disaffected can no longet control; and
to precipitate the country into revolution, regard-
less of the rights of those whose fealty is un-
broken, and reckless of the happiness of the young
and of millions yet unborn, to whom this glorious
Union belongs as their rightful heritage. Why
will any deceive themselves with the change of
name, when the startling fact of rebellion or of
revolution is everywhere visible—States passing
what are tenderly called ordinances of secession;
declaring themselves independent of a Govern-
ment whose responsibilities they have jointly cie-
ated; seizing the public forts and arsenals and
navy-yards and custom-houses and treasuries;
setting atddiance the Federal authority, and firing
upon the national flag. Sir, if there be depths of
humiliation to which an American citizen can de-
scend, more profound than the disgust which he
feels at the imbecility or treachery of those whose
early and decisive action might have prevented
these atrocious deeds, it was found in the eixperi-
ence of a gallant young officer attached to the naval
station at Pensacola, and whose cheek burned
with mingled shame and indignation as he told
the fact that the stars and stripes, which had so
often kindled his ambition, and beneath which he
had stood in the conscious pride of a citizen of a
free and mighty nation, ignominiously fell by-
rebellious hands in the very presence of a foreign
man-of-war. Secession is not a dissolution of a
partnership of States; it is rebellion against the
Government of the country, as has been most
forcibly presented by that stern and vigorous pa-
triot who dealt successfully with secession thirty
years ago. Says General Jackson:
" The Constitution of the United States forms a Govern-
ment, not a league; and whether it be formed by compact
between the States, or in any other manner, its character
is the same. It is a Government in which all the people are
represented, which operates directly on the people individ-
ually, not upon the States; they retained all the power they
did not grant. Rut each State having expressly parted with
so many powers as to constitute jointly with the other
Statesasingienation, cannot, from that period, possess any
right to secede, bceause such secession does not break a
league, but destroys the unity of a nation; and any injury
to that unity is not only a breach which wpuld result from
the contravention of a compact, but it is an oftense against
the whole Union. To say that any State may eeeede at
pleasure from the Union, is to say that the United States are
not a nation; because it would be aeolecism to contend that
any part of a nation might dissolve its connection with the
othei parts to their injury or ruin, without committing any
offense. Secession, iikfe any other revolutionary act, may
he morally justified by the extremity of oppression ; but to
call it a constitutional right is confounding the meaning of
terms.'5
Sir, there is notan American citizen who could
endure the insults and atrocities which have been
heaped upon his country by the seceding State's
if they had proceeded from a foreign Power.
TheGovernmenthas submitted to these wrongs
and indignities, and still stands waiting and ap-
palled before this gigantic rebellion. The execu-
tion of the laws has been discussed in the aspect
of coercing States, and the seizure of Federal
property by revolutionary States, as the resump-
tion of their undelegated rights; and all the while
we have been apparently drifting towards worse
results. The prestige of the Government abroad,
as well as at home, is almost gone; its credit
broken; its power questioned. The business of
the country is becoming paralyzed; our ships idle;
our ihdustry hushed; and all this because of the
madness of a few men, who are bent upon the
policy of rule or ruin. Nor are the evils which
flow from this great conspiracy limited to national
disgrace and national calamity, but they perme-
ate all orders of society, and demoralize the whole
sentiment of obedience, and all love of order. The
example of stupendous crimes and misdemeanors
on the part of States, and of some in Federal au-
thority, have corrupted the public conscience, and
prepared it for the toleration of every species of
wrong. In places where honor dwelt, treason
boldly stalks, and shame flaps its filthy garments,
and displays its pilfered, or meretricious charms.
Instead of appeals to executives and tribunals for
redress of grievances, anarchy is introduced to
drown the voice of justice, and mobs are invoked
to anticipate with swifter vengeance the deliber-
ate processes of law. It is but a single step fur-
ther to the revolver and the stiletto, as the ac-
cepted and accustomed arbitrators and avengers
of individual wrongs.
And now, Mr. Speaker, are there any means
oy which these evils, public and private, may be
overcome, and order be composed in their stead?
Such an undertaking, as I have already intimated,
will demand the best powers of the nation, but it
is not altogether hopeless. I understand full well
the feelings of those who, smarting under a sense
of indignation and injustice, refuse to accede to
any measures which seem to them like an atone-
ment for wrongs which have never been commit-
ted, and who believe that the voices of living men,
and the silent but unequivocating testimony of
history, will alike declare that, m the prolonged
controversy which has been waged, the North
