860
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 11,
in them belongs to the Government. That gold
the peopleof California appropriate to themselves.
They take, as I understand, $80,000,000 from the
public treasure, without accounting for it; and
they actually expect and require that the Gov-
ernment shall, at its own expense, coin this gold
into money. Now, I think that when they are
only charged one half of one per cent, for con-
verting their gold into coin, they may consider
that they are very indulgently dealt with by the
Government of the United States.
But the gentleman from California says that
other national Governments coin money at their
own expense. I would suggest to him that, with
the exception of England, we are the only gold-
producing country, to any extent, in the world.
The coinage of the other European nations is very
small; and for reasons of their own, they can very
well afford to coin money without charge.
Some years ago, at the instance, I think, of
my colleague in the Senate, [Mr. Hunter,] the
Government undertook to demand a seigniorage
of one half of one per cent., supposing that that
would bo a remuneration of the actual expenses.
It turns out, however, to be less; and yet there
has been no proposition to increase the rate;
although I did, last year, make some inquiries
with a view of so altering the present law as to
reimburse the Government fully. But now we
are asked to coin this gold at the rate of one fifth
of one per cent., instead of one half of one per
cent; and for the sole reason that my friend from
California says the gold is now sent out of the
country. What would be the effect of it? If we
were now to coin at our own expense all the gold
extracted, or—which would be equivalent—charge
only one fifth of one per cent, the result would
be, that we should convert tins gold bullion into
coin, to be rccoined abroad, and that all the ex-
pense would be thrown upon the Government of
the United States for nothing. I hope the House
will refuse to concur in the amendment of the
Senate.
Mr. BURCH. I think it was improper for the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means
to charge a disposition on the part of the support-
ers of this proposition, in the Senate or elsewhere,
to build up a monopoly at the expense of the Gov-
ernment. I desire to say to him, and through
lam to the House, that 1 was not aware of this
amendment being offered until the amendments
were referred to the Committee of Ways and
Means. The gentleman may remember that one
of the Senators from California and myself called
upon him. That was the first information I had
in regard to the amendment. The refining of gold
by the mints of the United States is attended with
a great loss to the Government, and ever will be.
This amendment saves, in this respect, much to
the Government; and if this shoulddrive refining
into private refineries, the Government should not
complain, since it is for the advantage of the
miner.
It is known to the members of this House that
a large majority of the people of California are
engaged 111 gold digging. Uiey have gone there
from every State in the Union. They are a con-
glomerated mass of citizens from all the States.
Many of them aie representatives of the State
of the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means, and many of them come from the State
represented by the gentleman who has just taken
his seat, [Mr. Mili.son.] They come from every
State in the Union.
The gentleman from Virginia spoke of the at-
tempt to impose the tax known as seigniorage
upon the miners of California; but that attempt
failed, and the tax never became a law. The first,
and I am happy to say, only Republican Senator
from that State of California, f believe also pro-
posed such a law; and no one measure of legisla-
tion ever produced so much indignation in the
State of California as that. The gentleman from
Virginia also stated that these minerals belonged
to the General Government. That, however, is
a mooted question. It arises out of the old legal
maxim that the minerals belonged to the sover-
eign, because the sovereign alone could exercise
the light of coinage. Now, there is a question—
and it lias presented itself here this Congress—
as to who is sovereign; whether it is the State or
the General Government? Gentlemen here do not
agree as to which they owe allegiance to. Many
have left us who claim that the State government
is sovereign, and that it has a right to the exer-
cise Of sovereignty in many other regards as well
as to exercise control over these mines. But the
question has never been yet brought to a position
where it could be finally determined.
Mr. Speaker, I would not be performing my
full duty to the people of California if I allowed
this amendment to be passed upon without saying
a word in its favor; and hence I felt it my duty to
call the attention of the House to it. If the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means can
give such reasons as will satisfy the House that
it should not concur with the Senate in this amend-
ment, well and good. This tax falls upon every
individual miner in the State. My honest impres-
sion is, that if the Government will coin all the
bullion itself, thereby keeping this $50,000,000
which is annually sent to foreign countries for
coinage, it can do so at the proposed rate of one
fifth of one per cent., at as little loss as it now
incurs at one half of one per cent. I hope, there-
fore, that the House will concur in this amend-
ment of the Senate, which, I believe, has for its
object a real saving to the Government, and an
encouragement of the honest industry of those
who are engaged in the development of the hidden
treasures of our State, against which I sincerely
hope there is no objection.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was non-concurred in.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by Mr.
Patton, one of its clerks, notifying the House
that the Senate had passed joint resolution (H.R.
No. 07) for the benefit of Duvall & Brothers.
Also, an act (H. R. No. 554) to extend the
right of appeal from decisions of circuit courts
to the Supreme Court of the United States, with
amendments, in which he was directed to ask the
concurrence of the House.
Also, that the President had informed the Sen-
ate tlmt he had approved and signed an act (S.
No. 268) for the relief of Mary K. Guthrie,
widow of Presley N. Guthrie.
CONSULAR AND DIPLOMATIC BILL.
The House then proceeded to the consideration
of the Senate amendments to an act (H. R. No.
864) making appropriations for the consular and
diplomatic expenses of the Government for the
year ending June 30,1860.
First amendment:
I'aue 2, line twelve, strike out " $^0,000," and insert
" {$40,000 so as to make the clause read as follows :
For contingent expenses ot all missions abroad, $40,000,
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Second amendment:
Page 3, line fourteen, in the paragraph making appropri-
ations for the consuls general, strike out the word Si-
muda."
The Committee of "Ways and Means recom-
mended non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-conourrcd in.
Third amendment:
Page 3, line sixteen, in the paragraph making appropria-
tions for the salaries of consuls, inseit " Simoda."
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Fourth amendment:
Pace 4, line nineteen, at the end of the paragraph making
appropriations tor consuls general and consuls, stiike out
<k$273,750," and insert, " $'271,750."
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Fifth amendment:
Page 4, line nineteen, after the word dollars, add, "and
the oilico of consul general at Simoda is heieby abolished,
and the salary of the consul at Simoda fixed at $3,000 per
annum."
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Sixth amendment:
Page 4, line twenty-five, strike out "$3,000," and insert
" $4,000so as to make the patagraph read:
For interpieters to the consulates in China, $4,500.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Seventh amendment:
At the end of the bill, add the following paragraph :
To meet an extraordinary emergency, winch lias arisen
in bringing from Batavia twenty-foui seamen of the t-lup
Stag Hound, charged with mutiny, $-9,792, or so much
thereof as may be deemed just and fair; said sum to be
expended under the direction of the Secretary of State.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended concurrence, with the following amend-
ment:
Add, at the end of the Senate amendment, as follows:
To enable the President of the United States to carry into
effect the act of Congress of 3d March^ 1819, and any sub-
sequent act now in existence, for the suppression of the
African slave trade, $450,000.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to.
The amendment, as amended, was concurred in.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the acting Secretary of the In-
terior, transmitting the report of the wagon road
expedition under Colonel P. W. Lander; which
was referred to the Committee of Ways and
Means, and ordered to be printed.
AAEON II. PALMER.
Mr. TAPPAN. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to take up and put on its passage
Senate bill No. 11], for the relief of Aaron H.
Palmer.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. I object.
Mr. TAPPAN. I move to suspend the rules.
The bill was read. It appropriates §3,000 to
Aaron H. Palmer, in full compensation for his
labor and research in collecting information, and
preparing the same for the use of the Govern-
ment, relative to the oriental nations, and partic-
ularly Japan.
The report was read; from which it appears
that the petitioner has, on various occasions, be-
tween the years 1846 and 1851, addressed inter-
esting and valuable communications on the sub-
ject to the House of Representatives and to three
Presidents and Secretaries of State, which have
been printed as valuable public documents, and
are generally considered as important contribu-
tions to our knowledge of several of the compar-
atively unknown maritime nations of the East,
(particularly Japan,) and have proved of high in-
terest and value to our Governmentin openingand
extending our commercial relations with several
of those eastern countries.
Among those contributions of Mr. Palmer, his
" plan for opening Japan," submitted by him to
the Secretary of State on the 17th of September,
1849, which met with the Secretary's entire ap-
proval, appears to have been subsequently adopted
as the basis of the policy of our Government in
the expedition and mission to the ruler of that
empire, so successfully accomplished by Com-
modore Perry, in accordance, it would seem, with
the leading views, suggestions, and recommenda-
tions contained therein.
Mr. Palmer, between 1842 and 1853, addressed
a series of letters, communications, and contribu-
tions, including copies of his printed documents,
to high functionaries in Japan, having for their
object the opening of that empire to American in-
tercourse and commerce, and which he has trans-
mitted, fiom time to time, during the afoiemen-
tioned periods, to Nagasaki, through the only safe
and reliable channels of communicating with that
secluded and mysterious empire. It may reason-
ably be presumed these have had important in-
fluence and agency at that court in preparing the
way for the successful result of Commodore
Perry's mission.
Mr. Palmer, it appears, has also printed, at
different times, two thousand two hundred and
fifty copies of his memoirs, at his own expense,
fordistribution to Senators, members of Congress,
and executive officers of the Government; that,
at the request of several Senators, he prepared a
large outline map, to illustrate his memoirs on
Siberia, &c., printed by order of the Senate in
1848, and in consequence of the delay at the time
in the printing of the Senate documents, he claims
compensation for nine months'services, in which
he was necessarily detained during that year in
the preparation of the map, and correcting the
proof-sheets of the usual as well*s extra numbers
of copies of said memoir ordered by the Senate;
and also for four months' services in preparing a
report, illustrated by a special chart, for the Sec-
