1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
861
retary of State, under a resolution of the Senate
of the 16th January, 1850.
In view of the highly meritorious and valuable
services thus rendered by Mr. Palmer, and their
important results in preparing the way for open-
ing new marts in the East to our commerce, the
committee have come to the conclusion that he is
justly entitled to §3,000 in compensation for such
services and expenses.
Mr. STANTON. I wish to know if this ma#
was not in the employment of the Governmental
some compensation during this time?
Mr. TAPPAN. He was not.
Mr. STANTON. Well, I never knew any-
body worked that long for the Government before
without being paid.
The rules were suspended, (two thirds having
voted therefor.)
The bill was then ordered to a third reading;
and was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. TAPPAN moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
OREGON "WAR DEBT.
Mr. STOUT. I ask the unanimous consent of
the House to make Senate bill No. 1 the special
order for Thursday of next week.
A Member. What is it?
Mr. STOUT. It is the bill to provide for the
Washington and Oregon war debt.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I object.
Mr. STOUT. I move to suspend the rules.
Before the vote is taken on the motion, however,
I ask the permission of the House to say, that I
have not occupied their time for a half hour dur-
ing the Tliirty-Sixth Congress. I think I am en-
titled to this favor, as I only ask now that they
will give me a hearing upon this matter, and if the
claim is just, that it shall be allowed. 1 do not
ask for the consideration of the bill to-day. I only
ask that it may be assigned as a special order for
some day, when its meiits can be fully canvassed;
and I trust I will be able to meet the objections
urged against it.
Mr. FARNSWORTH called for tellers on the
motion to suspend the rules.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Craig of
Missouri, and Van Wyck, were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported
fifty-seven in the affirmative—not two thirds of a
quorum.
Mr. STOUT. I call for the yeas and nays upon
the motion. I want to see whether gentlemen are
willing to give the people of Oregon a hearing, or
are determined to take for granted that all the foul
slanders upon them are true.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HOARD. There is so much confusion it
is impossible to tell what is going on I wish the
gentleman from Oregon would explain just what
he wants.
Mr. STOUT. I will explain. The object of
this motion is not to consider this bill at this time.
I desire to have it fixed for some particular day,
so that it may be considered during the present
session. I am especially desirous that it shall be
so considered, not only on account of its import-
ance to the people of my State, but because the
committees of the Senate and of the House have
spent a great deal of time in investigating it. They
have rinide their report; and unless the House fix
a time for its consideration, it will not be acted on
this session. We will have lost all the labor they
have bestowed 111 its investigation, and it will have
to be reinvestigated next session. I ask that it
may be made a special orderforThursday of next
week. The business of the House will not jus-
tify me in fixing a shorter time.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I object to debate.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative-—yeas 102, nays 35; as follows:
YE-\S— Messrs. Aldiich, Allen, Thomas L. Andeison,
Aveiy. Jiairct, lUnL'tam, ISlair, Wake, Bouhgny, Brings,
Bllffiriton, Btlich, Buihnwme, Burnett, Burnhnm, Butter-
fiohi Caiey, Caiter, Cast-, John B C'laik, Cohurn, John
Cochrane. Colfax, lames Ciai", Burton Ciaigc, Curtis,
Dawes. Delano, Duel!, Dunn. Edgerton, Edmund^on, Ed-
wcuds,'Eliot, Ennli-h. Ethciid^tf, Farnsworth, Fenton,
Feiry, Florence, Foster. Fouke, Gilmer, Gooeh, Graham,
Hall, J. Morrison ilanis, llatton, llmdman,ilolinan, Wil-
liam Howard, Hughes, Jmnc, Jenkins-, Junkni, Francis
W. Kellofffi, William Kelloijs, Kenyon, Kilgoie, Lairabee,
DeWitt C. Leach, Leake, Lee,Loomu, Elbert S. Martin,
McClcrnand, McKean,McKniglit,Millward,Montgomery,
Laban T. Moore, Edward Joy Morris, Niblack, Nixon,
Noel], Pettit, Potter, Pryoi, Qua lies, lliggs, Christopher
Robinson, Knffin, Scmnton, Sedgwick, Stanton, Steven-
son, Stokes, Stout, Strattoli, Tappan, Train, Van Wyck,
Waldron, C.-idwaladerC. Washburn, Elhhu B. Wasliburne,
Webster, Weils, Wilson, Wiudom, Wmslow, Woodruff,
and Woodson—102.
NAYS—Messrs. Green Adams, William C. Anderson,
Horace F. Clark, Corwin, Ely, Garnctt, Guriey, John T.
Harris, Haskin, Hoard, Humphrey, Hutehms, Krllinger,
Lovejoy, Maynaid, Moral!. Palmer, Phelps, Porter, Pottle,
Edwin II. Reynolds, John H. Reynolds, James C. Robin-
son, ftoyee, Sherman, Spaulding, Spinner, William Stew-
art, Thomas, Tompkins, Trimble, Vance, Wade, and
Walton—35.
So the rules were suspended, (two thirds having
voted theiefor.)
Mr. STOUT. I now move the adoption of the
following resolution; and on that question I call
for the previous question:
Resolved, That Senate bill No. IX, and report of the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs thereon, providing for tire pay-
ment of expenses incuired by the Temtoue^ot Washington
and Oregon, m suppressing Indian hostilities during the
years I8oii-56, be made the special older lor Thursday of
next week, after the mornrng hour.
Mr. TOMPICINS moved that the House ad-
journ; and on that motion demanded the yeas and
nays.
Mr. STANTON. We might as well dispose
of this matter now.
Mr. SHERMAN. By next Monday the House
may find reasons for rejecting it.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The rules have
been suspended, and the resolution, if the House
adjourn, will come up to-morrow as the unfinished
business.
The yeas and nays were not ordered; and the
House refused to adjourn.
Mr. PHELPS moved that the resolution be
laid upon the table.
The question was taken; and the motion was
disagreed to.
Mr. PHELPS moved that the House adjourn.
The question was taken; and the motion was
disagreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN demanded tellers on second-
ing the call for the previous question.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Sherman
and Stout were appointed.
The previous question was seconded, (the tel-
lers reporting ayes 84, noes 4G,) and the main
question was ordered; and, under the operation
thereof, the resolution was adopted.
Mr. STOUT moved to reconsider'the vote by
which the resolution was adopted ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid upon the table.
Tho latter motion was agreed to.
THEODORE ADAMS.
Mr. WALTON. 1 move that the Committee
of the Whole House on the Private Calendar be
discharged from the further consideration of
Court of Claims bill No. 102, for the relief of
Theodore Adams.
Mr. THOMAS. I object.
Mr. WALTON. I move that the rules be sus-
pended in order that the bill may be brought be-
fore the House and put on its passage.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved that
the House adjourn.
The question was taken, and the motion was
agreed to; and thereupon (at four o'clock and ten
minutes, p. m.) the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, February 12, 1861.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Gukxf.y.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a letter of the acting Secretary of the Interior,
communicating the reports and maps of F. W.
Lander, superintendent of the Fort Kearny, South
Pass, and Honey Lake wagon road; which was
ordered to lie on the table; and a motion by Mr.
Mr. Gwin to print the report was referred to the
Committee on Printing.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The VICE PRESIDENT signed the following
enrolled bill and joint resolution, which had pre-
viously been signed by the Speaker of the House
of Representatives:
A bill (H. R. No. 545) granting a pension to
Gregory Patti; and
Ajoint resolution (S.No. 58) authorizing Lieu-
tenant T. A. M. Craven to receive certain marks
of distinction tendered to him by the Spanish Gov-
ernment.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The following bills from the House of Repre-
sentatives were severally read twice by their titles,
and referred to the Committee on Pensions:
A bill (No. 988) for the relief of Susan Bayard,
widow of A. W. W. Bayard, an invalid soldier
of the war of 1812; and
A bill (No. 990) for the relief of the legal repre-
sentatives of Betsey Nash.
CONSULAR AND DIPLOMATIC BILL.
The Senate proceeded to consider the amend-
ment of the House of Representatives to the sev-
enth amendment of the Senate to the bill (H. R.
No. 8G4) making appropriations for the consular
and diplomatic expenses of the Government for
the year ending June 30, 1862; and
On motion of Mr. PEARCE, it was
Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee on Finance.
LEGISLATIVE, ETC., APPROPRIATION BILL.
Tiie Senate proceeded to consider its amend-
ments to the bill (H. R. No. 892) making ap-
propriations for tho legislative, executive, and
judicial expenses of the Government for the year
ending June 30, 1862, disagreed to by the House
of Representatives; and
On motion of Mr. PEARCE, it was
Ordered, That they be referred to the Committee on Fi-
nance.
PETITIONS.
Mr. WADE presented seven petitions of citi-
zens of Philadelphia, without distinction of party,
requesting Congress to stand firm for the union,
the Constitution as it is, and the enforcement of all
the laws; which was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. DIXON presented a petition of fourteen
hundred citizens of Hartford, in the State of Con-
necticut, asking Congress to adopt the resolutions
recently submitted to the Senate by Hon. Mr.
Crittenden, of Kentucky, or such other propo-
sitions as are substantially embraced in the Vir-
ginia resolutions; which was ordered to lie on the
table.
BILL RECOMMITTED.
On motion of Mr. COLLAMER, the bill^H.
R. No. 909) for the relief of Thomas Chittenden
was recommitted to the Committee on Pensions.
MESSAGE FROM TIIE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Forney, its Clerk, announced that the
House had passed the following bills; in which
the concurrence of the Senate was requested:
A bill (No. 115) for the relief of the legal rep-
resentatives of David G. Bates; and
A bill (No. 734) for the relief of Mrs. Ann E.
Smoot, widow of the late Captain Joseph Smoot,
of the United States Navy.
The message further announced that the House
had agreed to the amendment of the Senate to the
resolution (II. R. No. 39) directing the account-
ing oifieers of the Treasury to settle the accounts
of the late Robert Stockton, quartermaster, &c.
PRINTING OF DOCUMENTS.
The message further announced that the House
had ordered, on the lltli instant, the printing of
the following documents:
A letter from the Secretary of War, transmit-
ting a report of the chief of the bureau of Ord-
nance, stating his objections to the bill now pend-
ing before Congress for the removal of the arsenal
at St. Louis—ordered at twelve o'clock and thir-
teen minutes.
A letter from the acting Secretary of the Inte-
rior, transmitting a communication from Colonel
Lander, superintendent of the Fort Kearny, South
Pass, and Honey Lake wagon road, together
with several petitions unanimously signed by em-
igrants, in reference to tho construction of a bridge
across Green river, and some of the smaller
streams in that vicinity, and along the said road,
and recommending an appropriation for that pur-
pose—ordered at three o'clock and ten minutes.
A letter from the acting Secretary of the Jnte-
tior, transmitting maps and reports of the Fort
Kearny, South Pass, and Honey Lake wagon
road,&c.—ordered at three o'clock and eleven
minutes.
