1861.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2T9
3fiTH COXG....2D SESS.
State of the Union—Mr. Carter.
Ho. op Reps.
'* Crittenden resolutions" Lave been all the cry.
No matter who might speak, however moderate
and temperate the gentlemen of the South, or the
Democrats of the North, it has been all " the
Crittenden resolutions," " the Crittenden resolu-
tionsBut what do these resolutions involve ?
They involve a fundamental perversion of the
Constitution; they dejnand a change, which Mr.
Crittenden and his followers, both here and
in the other House virtually resisted and denied
during the late campaign. Hear what Mr. Crit-
tenden himself said on the 2d August, 18G0, in
a speech at Louisville, (referring to the disaffec-
tion at the South:)
"Why are they for a desolation of the Union? What
haun has this Union done ? Wrongs may have been done
individuals—they may have received wrongs of this port;
but, is the Union the author of the&e wrongs ? What is the
remedy v,inch must be sought ? It i« to turn out of their
places, in the proper constitutional mode, those who have
misadmmistered the Government. The Government has
done no wiong—the Constitution and the Union have done
no wrong. They command equal justice to every man and
eveiv State and every section. Their agents may have
disobeyed their injunctions, and everything may have been
done wrong through individuals ; but individuals are ame-
nable. What remedy would the destruction ot the Consti-
tution afford ? CouJd they get out of its rums indemnity
fot the wiongs on account of which they would tear it
down? Could it give any satisfaction :1 Could it make any
atonement? No; and yet, by some strange perversity or
other, their minds have been biought to look upon dis-
union as a remedy for political wrongs. Ithas caused none
ot them—the destruction of it would be a remedy for none
—but the greatest of all evils to the people of the United
States."
In speaking of conventions, he said:
'•'You know not whether these conventions, to whose
rod you humbly submit vouiselves, were composed of pa-
triot'?, pondering the good of the* Commonwealth, or of
knaves, consulting the best policy of lobbing it. When we
forget our country, and disobey our Constitution, we listen
to the summons ol party."
And again, on the presidential question, he thus
expressed himself:
•' I want a President elccted upon the Constitution—a
bold man, who will not tear to perform his dutv: a man
who cannot be scared j a man who loves the Union, the
whole Union, ami will stand bv it, and considei it Ins sacred
durv to protect or perish with it."
One other extract on the subject of the Consti-
tution reads as follows:
" The Constitution is platform enough for me. The Con-
stitution, and a man to represent tue people, is all the piat-
ioiui that will cvei avail u&. Thin question about winch
tli!1 Democratic paity is quaireling is one of the most mi-
nute and unimpoi taut questions that can well be imagined.51
Such was the "language of Mr. Crittenden as
the honored advocate of the constitutional party,
claiming the Constitution as their platform, in
August, 1860. He said at that time that "indi-
viduals were amenable" for any wrong which
they had committed, or might commit. Would
he have us understand by this that they were
amenable, but could not be punished? Strange
paradox! Yet it would seem that lie must have
hid some such intention, for punishment implies
coercion; and certainly they mustnot be coerced,
especially in any matter involving national rights;
for, according to southern doctrine at this day,
such a course would be altogether impolitic, and
decidedly wrong. It is possible that some differ-
ence of opinion mav exist on this subject in other
latitudes.' However, I will not discuss it further
just now, but proceed with my inquiries.
And now, sir, I ask, would the bold and patri-
otic, and, I am proud to say, "the unterrified"
gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Etheridge.,] or
the eloquent gentleman fiom Maryland, [Mr.
IIirris,] have voted for the Crittenden resolu-
tions had they been presented to either of them
on the morning of the Gth ot last November ?a Can
if be possible that we are now called upon by any
of th^se gentlemen to change the Constitution m
ordri to compromise with secession, which I con-
e< ne to be the greatest of feloniesJ It is rebellion !
Are we now asked to change the Constitution that
we may compromise with treason? There can
be no such thing as rightful secession from the
national Government. If rightful secession bo
admitted, it at once destroys the foundation of die
Gevermnuit, and the whole fabric of our free in-
s;irnt;on.s will be scattered to the wmus.
S.r, ae;ain I ask, would the gentleman from
V ifcmia^ [Mr. Boteler,]'who was chairman of
the ^-executive committee of the constitutional
Union party, have then advocated and voted lor
the Crittenden resolutions as they now stand, or
any other proposition which involved a change of
the Constitution? I think not; for in his pub-
lished address, as chairman of that committee, he
said:
"The Constitution it=elf was the birth of a spirit of gen-
erous concession and magnanimous compromise, and in a
like spirit the country was long governed."
He also said:
" At the close of 1850, there was no portion of the terri-
tory of the United States which had not its position fixed
by positive and, as was supposed, irrepealable law.
He likewise said:
" The auspicious calm of that day was disturbed and all
the winds of sectional strife were let loose by events occur-
ring between 1852 and 1855. Prominent among these were
the untowaid abrogation of the Missomi compiomitc, the
act  of violence which oecutred in Kansas, and the per-
sistent efforts to force that Tenitory into the Union."
Of course as a slave State. Pie also said, that
the repeal of the Missouri compromise was a Dem-
ocratic measure. Very well, sir; if it was wrong
to abrogate the Missouri compromise; if it was
wrong to enact violence in Kansas; if it was wrong
to force the Lecompton constitution upon that un-
willing people ; is it right—can it be right—for iden-
tically the same object for which these wrongs
were committed, or attempted, to do the far worse
thing of perverting, and thereby destroying, the
last stronghold of liberty and popular rights—the
Constitution of the United States?
We are told that the Constitution was " the
birth of a spirit of generous concession and mag-
nanimous compromise;" then, sir, the compro-
mises of the Constitution will be overthrown if
the principles of the Crittenden resolutions be ad-
hered to. Let it not be forgotten that the com-
promises of the Constitution were not so much
between slave States and free States as between
slavery and freedom,* and that there were not a
few southern statesmen of that day who were as
thoroughly anxious to compromise in favor of
freedom, as their successors of this day are soli-
citous for the arrogant sway and unlimited exten-
sion of slavery. Hence, sir, this demand for
compromise J} proceeds upon the principle of a
misnomer; and I think misnomers arc one of the
greatest of all the great evils that trouble and curse
our day. If all the policies and propositions and
measures that are presented for our consideration
or ad option were to be labeled by their right names,
so that the popular mind should not be deceived
with regard to them, nearly all of our troubles
and difficulties would be banished in a single week.
I say, sir, it is a misnomer to call the proposi-
tion to amend the Constitution, so as to nationalize
slavery, by the specious title of a{< compromise.*'
No, sir; it is no compromise, but it is an auda-
cious intrusion—an impudent invasion of a prov-
ince never yet yielded, and which never ought to
be yielded, to the grim rpirit of political power.
The proposition for invading and perverting
theConstitutionisnew; itisscarcely three months ]
old. It dared not show its hideous form before j
the Gth November last; or, as the Senator from I
Tennessee [Mr. Jonxsox] has said, with respect j
to the recently-developed purposes of disunion by ;
theDemocracy of the South, the Breckinridge and i
Lane ticket would not have secured ten thousand ;
votes in the State of Tennessee, and not a quarter ,
of a million in the whole South; while North, ]
sit, it would scarcely have obtained a dozen votes j
in any one of the States. Do we not see, then, !
that the manner of the introduction of this propo-
: sition, so cunning, stealths y s ond fraudulent, should
i be warning enough of its intrinsic character? Do
; we not know the de-adliness of a snake by^the
! seduction of its charms r1 or, shall our faculties
i become numb, and our fate certain? Who does :
j not see, too, that the success of this proposition
! and the consequent victory of the slavery propa-
! gandists of the South, wo'uld be queued m every
■ despotic cabal in tSie world against popular or
demoeiatic government? It would be said, that
the operative classes, who live from hand to mouth
upon the fruits of their daily labor, are unsafe de-
' positaries ot free institutions. It would be uiged
1 that if. in America, and in the northern States,
! where the masses are the best educated and the
: most intelligent in the world, m a time of plenty
: and unexampled prosperity, they are so much m
the power of a distant oligarchy as to be driven
' to the alternative of either surrendering the Con-
stitution of their country, or starving for breed:
I say it would be urged that the working masses
of men must be unsafe custodians of their own
liberties.
It may be said, nay, has often been argued, that
constitutions and systems of free government are
secure only in the hands of the wealthy. Sir, I
deny that mere riches ever made a man either a
statesman or a patriot. I will not acknowledge
but that he who labors for his daily bread may be
far superior in every attribute of manhood to him
who, by mere adventitious circumstance, has it
in his power to command the labor of others,
whilst he himself luxuriates in his wealth. Sir,
labor is the true source of contentment; it strength-
ens the arm of defense, and ennobles the spiritof
freedom; it has a tendency to make men honest
towards others, and capable of governing them-
selves. I honor the hard hand of labor when it is
associated with an honest heart; to such, lam
willing to confide the keeping of the institutions
of this country. And, sir, at this place, I hesitate
not to denounce the means by which an attempt
has been made to work upon the fears of the work-
ingmen of this country, and especially of my sec-
tion, in order to wrest from them concessions and
"compromises" (so called) of a Constitution of
which they are not the owners, but only the trus-
tees, in trust for their own children and for future
generations. Yes, sir, such are the means by
which public opinion has been operated upon, in
order that imposing petitions may load the tables
of both Houses of Congress. I am proud in being
able to say that none such have come to me from
my district, praying that the vital principle of our
national Government might be destroyed; the
foundation upon which our free institutions are
based should be removed. They are not willing
thus to scatter to the four winds of Heaven that
rich legacy bequeathed to us by our fathers, with
the solemn injunction that we should transmit it
unimpaired to our posterity.
I call upon my fellow-countrymen to pause
and consider, and take warning from the nations
of the earth who have gone before us; for we can
learn (if we will) this salutary lesson from the
past, that whenever the people have surrendered
their rights to designing and aspiring men, they
have brought destruction and desolation upon
their own heads and swift ruin upon their country.
Sir, the principle of our (I had almost said
divine) Government is, to secure to each individ-
ual his inalienable rights as a human being. The
national Constitution is no respecter of persons;
its principle metes out equal justice to all, and pro-
tects the weak from the violence of the strong. It
is the pool man's fnend; and when properly ad-
ministered, we can all repose in peace and security
beneath its sheltering care. Under its benign in-
fluence we have been blessed and prospered as a
nation, far beyond the most sanguine hopes of our
sainted ancestors, who framed it so as to curb the
wild imagination of man, and to teach him that
he is not a god to rule the destinies of the world;
but that if he would be happy, he must be
obedient.
Sir, the first requirement of the great Architect
of creation was obedience. Obedience produces
order; obedience and order produce harmony,
peace, and love, with all that is necessary to the
happiness and prosperity of any people. I could
say very much on this subject; but my allotted
space of time forbids enlargement.
And now, sir, before closing my remarks, I
would call upon our brethren at the South, in the
spiritof that love which should animate us all as
citizens of one country, to return to their allegi-
ance to that Government which has ever been to
them, since its formation, as a nursing mother,
a protecting father; and I here pledge to them, in
the name of all honest men of every party, that
every right which they can reasonably ask shall
be secured to them.
When I first spoke in this House, on the 14th
December, 1859,1 said that the people would elect
the next President; and when elected, they would
require him to administer the Government in
accordance with the true intent and meaning of its
framers. They have done so; they have elected
the man of their choice; and they now require at
his hands an honest and faithful discharge of the
duties of his high office. Yes, sir, in a few days
at longest, he will have assumed the reins of office:
