THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES,
WASHINGTON,
I>. e.
Thirty-Sixth Congress, 2d Session. "WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 13, 1861.
New Series...
..No; 55..
the North. I lave the South. I think I may say-
that I have every proper patriotic regard to every
portion of my country. I do not agree to the
doctrine that the North hates the South, or that
the South hates the North. There are individuals
in both sections who indulge such feelings. 1 have
not indulged them myself; and I do not believe it
is true, as to the masses of the people anywhere.
I see, in these petitions that come here for the
existence and continuance of a fraternal Union,
evidence grateful to my heart that that is not the
sentiment which prevails in this country. No,
sir; the people of this country love the Union;
the people of this country are proud of this great
nation. They have enjoyed blessings under it,
and they desire to preserve it. " God and the
country," is the great sentiment existing among
our people in every section of our Union. I grant
it. Every effort should be made that fraternal
affection can suggest for the settlement of this
question. Great sacrifices would not be too great
a price to pay for Union.
Sir, here we stand. Revolution, to a certain
extent, has gone on and been successful. It will
go on still further, unless those that are yet adher-
ing to their duty shall be satisfied by something
that you will do. I do not speak of what I, my-
self, would individually require, but what the
millions that are represented here from States yet
adhering to this Union require. You must have
a great motive, I am sure, to perpetuate and to
secure the Union as far as it still exists; and by
means of it we may hope ultimately to restore
every State of the seceding number that have gone
out from us. I hope we may do it; I believe we
can do it; but we cannot do it by angry debates;
we cannot do it by heated discussions here; we
cannot do it by criminations and recriminations;
we cannot do it by denunciations. Depend upon
it, that is not the way to doit. I wish to practice
every degree of forbearance until the last moment
of deliberation has been exhausted here, and until
I find that no settlement can be obtained, that
some fatal prejudice, that some fatal predeterm-
ination on this subject, has destined the country
to ruin and dismemberment. I regret every heated
and excited debate that 1 hear on this floor. Why
is it that gentlemen begin to feel a particular impa-
tience when anything is said or done, orattempted
to be said or done, in respect to that subject that
is so much greater than all—the preservation of
the country and the Union ? Senators talk about
the little business of Congress—little it is, if the
country is to be ruined. Save the country, and
then administer to its wants; then provide for its
necessities; then provide for the means of admin-
istration; but that which is precedent to all, and
paramount to all, is the very subject about which
particular impatience is manifested in this body;
and we are told we should do the business of the
Senate. We cannot shut our eyes to what is going
on. We know that revolution has dismembered
the land already to the amount of six or seven
States. We know that that fatal temperament is
extending itself or liable to extend itself, and yet
we manifest impatience when anything is proposed
or said in regard to a remedy for that spreading
evil.
Mr. President, all that could be said of them, if
these resolutions were acccptcd, would be that the
extreme regard which they have manifested for
the preservation of the Union has impelled them
to this error, if error it can be called; an error that
certainly leans on virtue's side; an extreme anx-
iety to preserve the relations of brotherhood which
exist between them and the other portions of this
country. That is the cause of it—an honest and
honorable patriotic error, that does not deserve
condemnation. It proceeds from sound hearts,
from good hearts, who know of no sacrifice too
great, who have no opinion upon a mere matter
of policy, or a question of mere conscience, that
they would not rather sacrifice or give up or yield
to the opinion of millions of their countrymen for
the preservation of the Union. That is where
these petitioners stand.
As for slavery in the District of Columbia, that
55
has existed a long time. That is one of the ob-
jections which the gentleman urges. Why, Mr.
President, that has always been a disputed ques-
tion as to its constitutionality; and all that I ask you
is, to let things alone; do not now, in this moment
of trouble, undertake to disturb them. Let it re-
main. Virginia and Maryland originally made
the cession; and let it remain while these States
retain slavery; and let Congress say it shall re-
main in the position it was when it was ceded to
them, unless Virginia and Maryland shall assent
to the change. That is what is asked in this re-
spect; and that concludes all his objections, ex-
cept as to slavery in places under the special con-
trol of Congress within the States where itexists;
places for fortifications, places for arsenals, places
for navy-yards—a thing too inconsiderable to be
discussed now.
Mr. President, I am very sorry for the time I
have occupied; and without further debate, I shall
take my seat.
Mr. CLARK. Mr. President 
Mr. SUMNER. Allow me one word.
Mr. CLARK. I will waive my right for a
moment.
Mr. SUMNER. I have no desire to prolong
this debate, or to occupy the time of the Senate.
I will make two remarks. The Senator from Ken-
tucky is notaware of his own popularity in Mas-
sachusetts, of the extent to which his name is
there an authority, of the willingness of the peo-
ple of that State to adopt anything that bears his
respectable name. I do not think that distinguished
Senator is aware of that fact; consequently he is
riot aware how easily the people of Massachusetts
may be seduced to adopt a proposition bearing the
name which ihey so much respect; when, if they
examined that proposition, they would at once
reject it. Now, all that I would suggest in regard
to these petitioners is that, under the lead of that
distinguished Senator, they put their names to a
paper which,! think, they did not, in ail respects,
in all its bearings, in all its obligations, in all its
propositions, fully understand. I will do them
the justice to believe that, if they did know all the
bearings of those propositions, they would not put
their name to any such paper.
That is all I have to say on that point; but I
wish to make one other remark on another. The
Senatorintimated,if Iunderstood him aright, that
his propositions, at least in his own mind, were
not applicable to territory hereafter acquired.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. No; I do not mean to
be understood as saying that.
Mr. SUMNER. I understood the Senator so.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I said I did notconsider
that proposition as an essential part of mine; that
I did not intend to insist upon it, if I found it
would not be acceptable. I did not intend that
that should be any obstacle to an adjustment, and
I would propose to strike it out, if necessary.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator did not consider
that proposition an essential part; and yet in the
Journal of the Senate, which is now before me,
in the yeas and nays, I find his name recorded in
the affirmative on introducing those words, " now
held or hereafter to be acquired" into the propo-
sition. There is the record; the name of the Sen-
ator from Kentucky answering yea, when we
were all asked to answer yea or nay on that prop-
osition.
Mr. CLARK. I was one of those who voted
against continuing this discussion to-day 
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Will the gentleman
allow me a single moment?
Mr. CLARK. Certainly.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. 1 did, upon the motion
of my colleague, vote for his amendment, and
would be content with it; but subsequent reflec-
tion, and the objections made to it here and else-
where, have satisfied me that I ought not to ad-
here to it, if it was to become an obstacle to
prevent the passage of these resolutions. That is
the explanation.
Mr. CLARK. I remarked, Mr. President, that
I was one of those who voted against continuing
this discussion to-day. I did not believe, when
I gave that vote, that any good would resjalt from
it; and though I have now taken Che floor to re-
sume this discussion, I am still of the same opin-
ion; and if the Senate desire to resume the busi-
ness which was under consideration yesterday , or
any other business which may be of practical im-
portance, I will cheerfully give way for them so
to do; or, if the Senator from Missouri desires to
continue the remarks which he proposed to make
yesterday, I will give way for that purpose—any-
thing which may bring good.
Mr. GREEN. I will not interfere at all with
this discussion. When the Senator is through,
and the Senate resumes the consideration oT the
bill on which I took the floor, I then propose t^
address some remarks to the Senate; butatpres-
sent I decline doing so.
Mr. CAMERON. I hop? the Senator will
allow me a moment.
Mr. CLARK. Certainly.
Mr. CAMERON. I desire to suggest to the
Senator from New Hampshire that, instead of
continuing this discussion, we take up the bill
which we left unfinished last night, and proceed
with our regulai business. The session is very
near its close, and we on this side will beheld
responsible for the proper bills to support the
Government.
Mr. CLARK. Then I will say to the Senator
from Pennsylvania, if he will move to postpone
this subject to any future time, so that I may nave
an opportunity of speaking upon it, I will cheer-
fully acquiesce.
Mr. CAMERON. Then I move that this ques-
tion be postponed until this day next week, at one
o'clock.
Mr. CLARK. An earlier day; say Monday.
Mr. CAMERON. Very well; I will say Mon-
day.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is moved
that the further consideration of this subject be
postponed until Monday next, for the purpose of
taking up the bill which was before the Senate
yesterday—the naval appropriation bill.
The motion to postpone was agreed to.
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILt.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
bill (H. R. No. 734) making appropriations for
the naval service for the year ending the 30th of
June, 1862; the pending question being on con-
curring in the following amendment, made as in
Committee of the Whole, to add as an additional
section:
Jhid be it further enacted, That the Secretary of the Nary
be, and he is hereby, authorized to causc to be constructed
for the United Suites Navy, at as early a (lay as practicable,
having due regard to efficiency and economy, seven steam
sere w sloops-of-war, of the second class, us vest-els at e rated
m the Navy, with fulJ fcteam power, whoM  greatest draught
of water sfiail not exceed fourteen feet, which -sloops shall
combine the heaviest armament and greatest speed compat-
ible with their charactcr and tonnage; and for the purpose
above specified, the sum of $1,200,000 he, and the same is
hereby, appiopiiatcd,out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated, to be expended under the direction
of the Secretary of the Navy.
Mr. GREEN. Mr. President, it might be sup-
posed that the line of my remarks is not appro-
priate to the present bill now pending before the
Senate; but, under the circumstances growing out
of the character of the speeches made on the pend-
ing amendment,! think them entirely appropriate.
The exact subject-matter upon which the Senate
must now act, and to which the attention of the
Senate ought to be directed, is, the propriety of the
appropriation of $1,200,000 to build seven new
screwsteamers of certain dimensions and draught.
In itself, it would seem to be a matter of very small
importance; but when the intent with which itis
now urged is shadowed forth by its friends, it
stikes the public mind with so much force that
we cannot resist the occasion to meet them in the
proper spirit. At a time when the Treasury is
depleted; at a time when there is po actual neces-
sity for an increase of our naval force; at a time
when,unfortunately, we have been driven into the
market to borrow nearly seventy million dollars,
in addition to a proposition to increase th,c dvitie§
