282
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 19,
36th Cong....2d Sess.
First, Keep Old Compromises—Mr. Pettit.
Ho. op Reps.
States now deemed, and such confidence in the
border States to afford it, that the peace congress
now proposes, as an article of amendment to the
Constitution, to confer this power in express terms
upon the States..
Such, I repeat, from the adoption of the Con-
stitution to the decision of the Supreme Court in
the case of Prigg vs. The Commonwealth of Penn-
sylvania, was a uniformly admitted power of the
States, namely: to legislate in aid of the power of
Congress on the subject of the recovery of fugi-
tives from service. Buthere that court explicitly
denied the power. That case decided the follow-
ing principles:
1. " Slavery is a mere municipal regulation,
founded upon and limited to the range of terri-
torial laws." Therefore, the quality of a slave,
by the law of South Carolina, is lost on passing
over the territorial limit of that State, and does
not exist in Georgia or Texas, or the common
Territories, unless some municipal regulation con-
tinues it.
2. " The power of legislation on the subject of
the rendition of fugitives is exclusively in the
national Government." " The legislation of Con-
gress supersedes all State legislation on the sub-
ject and prohibits it," and " a law on the subject
depends altogether for its execution on the officers
of the United States named in it."
3. And, even then, "the delivery of the fugi-
tive by Federal authority is limited to those cases
of fugitives where a claim has been judicially
made." Thus, the constitutional provision is a
mere consent on the part of the State that the fu-
gitive shall not be set free by reason of any law
or regulation of its own; and, while it is compelled
to stand with folded hands, the national Govern-
ment undertakes to hear the claim and deliverthe
fugitive. The duty of the State is to forbear.
The General Government assumes, as its prerog-
ative'duty, the execution of this provision; and
for this purpose, as for the execution of all laws,
may use its whole armed power.
As this was the first judicial decision on this
subject, so its authority has never since been
shaken. Deference to the authority of this au-
gust decision compelled all ihe border States to
blot out all their legislation on the subject.
Alt agree that this constitutional provision ought
to bo made effective. The Republican party lias
not attempted to abate one jot or tittle of this ob-
ligation. But every State has equally the right,
and is under the obligation of protecting those not
oound to service from being transported violently
into slavery; and thus all the States, free and
slave, with an equal humanity, have provided
laws against kidnapping. Indiana grafted such
a statute, borrowed from Virginia, among her first
laws, qualifying it now by the important words,
which exclude utterly the idea of obstructing the
act of Congress," without havingfirst established
a cluim upon the services of such person, accord-
ing to the law of this State or of tho United States;"
and there it stands. Whenever she abandons tho
protection of her people she will be unworthy of
her freedom. This is her only personal liberty
bill. Other States have maintained such laws from
the beginning of the Government; yet the minor-
ity of the committee, following South Carolina
in her indictment against her old confederates,in
which Indiana, by name, is arraigned for the
wrongs she has done South Carolina, gravely
maintains that when the tariff was broken down
in 1833, as if such laws had not already long ex-
isted in all the States, then, then these acts were
passed to make inoperative the fugitive slave law.
Now, after many years, when these laws are
grown old, complaint is first made of them. It
is enough that they had no such motive. Their
origin is in a rational jealousy to protect the cit-
izen fcpm wrong. Charitable allowances ought
always to be made for the securities with which
free States seek to surround their freedom, and
for the hot impulse and quick instinct with which,
when a human voice exclaims for liberty, all men
are prone to take sides against a seeming wrong.
But, admitting the obligation of the constitu-
tional provision, it should not be denied that too
many the provisions of the fugitive slave law of
1850 are eminently harsh and wrong. It has been
made more offensive by its worse administration.
It offends our whole intuition and education of
wliat is right. -Tried on ex parte evidence, which
can never be confronted, and which is already
conclusive before any claim of service is made,
not before a tribunal, because no tribunal is in-
voked; without the intervention of a jury, because
the integrity of a northern jury is in question—
tried, did I say?—without any substance of trial,
the victim is seized and dragged before a commis-
sioner,whose official merit, like Jeffreys', is reck-
oned by the zeal with which he always arrives at
the same conclusion, and, in an instant, the final
doom of a man's liberty is fixed, with more hazard
to the rights of freemen than assurance to the
rights of masters. We have held, and maintain
now, that a subject so capable of safe judicial in-
quiry, involving the priceless wealth of a man's
liberty, should be searched by the universal tests
of judicial truth, and approved by the sanction
of the usual judicial means. Kentucky would
wage a war if the question of the property of an
ox or horse belonging to any of her people was,
by compulsion, forced from the shelter of her law
and buffeted with such a mockery of justice. And
it is the witness of the forbearance of the people
of the free States that, objectionable as the law is,
and more objectionable its execution, they have
patiently submitted to it, simply because it is the
law.
No! Pierce and Buchanan, the Presidents of
their own choice, who are the only constitutional
agents for executing this law, are not obnoxious
to the unjust clamor of the minority of the com-
mittee for delinquency in this article .of duty.
The fugitive slave law has been efficiently main-
tained. Along a boundary of fifteen hundred
miles, separating populous States, for ten years,
not a half dozen instances have occurred, in which
the law has been invoked, where its authority
has not been triumphant. Violence and strata-
gem everywhere, north and south, sometimes
master or evade the law. But no other law,
State or Federal, has compelled such habitual and
successful compliance. This is tUe voluntary
testimony of your northern friends in the House
and in the Senate Chamber; while even your fiery
chiefs, Davis and Person, scoff at you while
you count tip these empty pretenses of wrong.
But I heartily thank the minority of the commit-
tee for inviting us to look at the serene and sacred
majesty of the law, and reading us maxims of
obedience. Certainly, let all the laws be obeyed;
and if not otherwise, let then the mailed hand
of the Government—for all government is force—
defend the right and punish the wrong.
Again: let the minority of the committee be
thanked for teaching us that the laws ought to be
obeyed. We have laws against the African slave
trade, making the abominable traffic piracy. We
have maintained neutrality laws since 1818 for the
purpose of preventing armed organizations being
mustered on our soil,and going forth for war and
plunder against peaceful and unoffending States.
This has been our just guarantee as a member of
tho family of nations,,tfiat we wished tolive peace-
fully and honestly in'the family. In 1854, we set
up sovereignty in Kansas and Nebraska, and left
their people perfectly free to regulate their do-
mestic institutions in their own way. Now, it may
well be questioned, as a matter of profitable in-
struction, which ought always to carry example
with precept, whether it is becoming in the gen-
tleman from North Carolina, [Governor Wins-
low,] who has breathed the very gales that have
wafted from African barracoons those great mis-
sionary institutions, the slave ships, with retinues
of hungry sharks following their wakes, freighted
with dense and stifled cargoes of fathers, mothers,
and children, torn by war from their barbaric homes
and landed on our shores, not in defiance merely,
but in contempt oflaw; or, in the gentleman from
Louisiana, [Mr. Taylor,] whose prosperous port
lias been, on several occasions, the theater of
armed expeditions sallying out with the acknowl-
edged purpose of piracy and plunder against Cuba
and Nicaragua, when the very ministers of the
law were pleased spectators, the great chief at
length brought back, not to face the angry frown
of outraged law, but by long procession past cities
in rejoicing, to take his seat at the President's
table; or, in the gentleman from Missouri, [Mr.
Phelps,] who might have seen across the border
where he dwells armed and drunken croVds usurp-
ing the government of another people, and tramp-
ling all law under foot; or, whether it is becoming
in all of them together, who afterwards sanctified,
by their party creeds and by their party votes,
the bloody butchery of Granada, and the lawless
crimes and frauds in Kansas; it is, I repeat, at
least questionable, whether gentlemen who have
not rebuked such lawlessness as this, can profit-
ably condemn here and there, feeble, riotous,and
unorganized resistance to the fugitive slave law,
prompted by no worse motive , if I may so express
it, than infatuation on the side of liberty. The
minority of the committee may yet learn that in
other days than Christ's there have been beams
in men's eyes.
These, war on slavery in the States, and crim-
inal obstruction of the fugitive slave law, are the
staple defamation that poisons the feeling of broth-
erhood among the people of the southern States,
by cruel and untrue imputations on the just and
fraternal spirit of the people of the free States.
When it is doing its criminal work like distilled
venom, we are told by the minority of the com-
mittee that it is " useless to inquire whether the
belief" in calumnies so thoroughly propagated
"is well or ill founded." Medicine, Mr. Speaker,
medicine for such disease is honest truth. For I
dare maintain, against even the distinguished au-
thority of the minority of the committee, that the
sentiment of North to South is loyal, just, and
affectionate. Besides interest, there are uncon-
?uerable motives for more than friendly, regard.
t is not earth and acres, but men, that make States.
Ohio, and Indiana, and Illinois, remember how
many of their children are derived from the pa-
rent Commonwealths of other States, Virginia,
and North Carolina, and Kentucky. The ances-
tral grave-yards of more than half our people are
beyond the Ohio; and the complaint now made
against us, accuses not only our integrity as men,
but our filial love as children.
All other complaints are subordinate to these.
What next? The sentiment of the people of the
free States is hostile to slavery, adds the minor-
ity of the committee. What more? One party
in the free States, they proceed to say, assert that
Congress has power to exclude slavery front the
Territories. Is this all? No. Republicans main-
tain that the right of property in slaves is local,
stopping at the territorial boundary, where the
local law ceases to operate, and thus denies the free
and unrestricted right of taking slaves and hold-
ing them as such in the Territories. And this is all.
This first accusation is just. The judgment,
calculated and ineradicable, of all the people of
the free States, nay,, of many good people of
the slave States, nay, of the civilized woild, is
against slavery. With such a deep-rooted convic-
tion against it, 110 consent will ever bo given to its
diffusion. Terminus, in the brightChristian noon-
day of this age, has set its ultimate bounds. But
what then ? If you, gentlemen of the minority of
the committee, are at liberty, as we freely grant
you, to hold one set of opinions on this subject,
are we forbidden from holding the opposite? Itis,
if you please, a part of our reserved State rights
to think and act as we please, and equally yours
to think and act as you please, and to be lctalonc.
And even if we do differ, is this incompatible with
our faithful compliance with the constitutional
engagements we have made with you? And you
have 110 right to demand more. No matter for
such difference, if we deal honestly with each
other.
But the minority of the committee has set 11 pa
tribunal, by whose final judgment we are content
to stand. Let all rights under the Constitution,
they say, " be determined by the common under-
standing of those who were to live under it, and by
the universal sentiment of the times when it icas
made.'' These are just arid manly words. The
Supreme Court, in the Dred Scott case, had already
anticipated it, by declaring:
" While the Constitution remains unaltered, it mu=t bo
construed now. as it was at tile time of its adoption."
* ' '• A- long as it continues to exi.-.t in its
present form, it speaks, not only wim tile same woids, hue
with the same meaning and intent. Willi which it spoke
when it came fiotn the hands of in trainers, and was voted
011 and adopted by the people of tlie United States."
If, then, our opinions are to bo put upon trial,
what was opinion on this subject when the Con-
stitution was made? Our fathers, all our fathers,
