1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
867
conspicuous, talk about war, and yet would bo
the first to run, do not amount to the weight of a
feather in the scale. Some of them are so large
that they cannot run fast, [laughter,] and would
only be shot in the back.
„ But, Mr. President, it is our duty here to incul-
cate a spirit in the minds and hearts of the people
which will dispose them to act in the best manner
possible. We are presumed to be representative
men; %ve are presumed to reflect the will of those
who sent us here; and acting in that capacity our
words are treasured up, however foolish they may
be, and however ridiculous they are; and they are
not simply attributed to us as individual mem-
bers of the Senate, but they are, often improperly,
ascribed to the power behind us—the people we
represent. Lot us, therefore, be cautious in the
employment of words; let us remember that this
Union, as much as we love it, can only be pre-
served by the same means that brought it into
existence. What are theyWas any State ever
whipped into the Union? Then no State can ever
hereafter be whipped in; else that will be a differ-
ent Union. Was any State ever coerced into the
Union ? Then no State hereafter can be coerced
into the Union; else that will be a different Union.
As the States came in by their own voluntary
act, they must remain in by their own voluntary
act; and when they go out, as they contributed to
pay the general expenses for fortifications and
armies while they were in, every fortification which
is necessarily local, and within the jurisdiction of
a seceding State, belongs to that State, and was
intended for the benefit of that State. South Car-
olina has as much claim to Fort Columbus in New
York harbor this day as the United States has to
Fort Sumter; and the same right to attack Fort
Columbus as the United States has to attack Fort
Moultrie; and I pledge you one feeble arm to act
in a contingency that may arise as soon as the
United States undertake to attack Fort Moultiie
or any oilier fort; and if they do not surrender
Sumter pretty quick, it will be attacked on the
other side, and it ought to be, for it is holding a
military position within the jurisdiction of a for-
eign State against the will of that State. 1 must
say, that 1 commend the honor and forbearance of
South Carolina; and she has done it to prevent the
effusion of blood; and she has done it with the
hope that the good sense of the people would come
to a proper understanding of the subject, and ad-
just these difficulties on an honorable and states-
manlike compromise, or a peaceful separation.
The alternative has been presented to us, and
we are compelled to act upon it. I said, in the
beginning of this session, that Congress would
do nothing; that there was a feeling among the
eople that would drive them with hot haste; and
thought South Carolina was too hasty; but,
whether she was or not, she must be the judge.
I was afraid she would be too hasty, and afraid
other States would be too hasty. 1 wanted the
whole of the States to consult; and I preferred
that even Missouri, as remote as she is, should
be taken into consultation with others. I knew
that her patriotic heart throbbed with emotion for
tins Union; but not that kind of Union which
some Senators speak of when they simply say,
"Union! Union!" but a constitutional Union; a
Union protecting the rights of the States, and the
people of the States; and I am really tired of hear-
ing long memorials and petitions aud speeches,
with nothing but " Union!" " Union!" I would
challenge Barnwell Rhett to answer whether he
is not in favor of the Union; I would challenge
Mr. Yancey, are you not for the Union; and they
would both answer "yes,"withas muchcmpha-
sis and sincerity as the Senator from Maine and
the Senator from New York. But then I come
to ask the question, what Union do you want?
"The Union of the Constitution," they would
say. " How do you construe that Constitution ?"
Then they separate. One wants one kind of a con-
stitutional Union, and the other wants another kind
of a constitutional Union.
Now, Mr. President, as we have arrived at this
fearful crisis in our country's history, let us have
an honest understanding—either a Union about
which there shall be no controversy with regard
to our respective rights, or no Union, and a sep-
aration. That is what I say. I have come to
that point, and I intend to act upon it. No Union,
unless it be a Union upon which we can all agree.
I do not want to be continually quarreling and
r
defying each other: one saying " we can whip
you,'5 and the other saying " wo can whip you."
Arc we not ashamed of that, as statesman > One
thieatens to march an army down South, and the
other says " come on, we will meet you." What
good can ail that do? Had we not better under-
stand what we want, what we intend to insist upon,
what we will have, or separate; and if we are
forced to separation, had we notbetterdoitpeace-
ably than by war? One says, " Here is the great
Mississippi, running from north to south,almost
from forty-nine degrees north latitude to the Gulf,
and we cannot divide the Mississippi." It does
not enter into the question at all. The Congress
of 18J5, at Vienna, settled the question of inter-
national law governing the exit from navigable
waters. The question has never been revived
since. Brazil undertook to revive it, with regard
to the Amazon. She undertook Co make treaties
with Peru, with Bolivia, and with New Granada,
conceding her right to close the navigation of the
Amazon. The treaty was rejected. The treaty
was called a treaty for fluvial navigation. Mr.
Clay, who was then our minister at Peru, wrote
an able argument against it.
It was defeated in Bolivia, in Peru, and in New
Granada, as conflicting with the established prin-
ciples of internationallaw, as settled by the Con-
gress of Vienna in 1815; so that the question of
the free navigation of navigable waters is not in-
volved in it. It is conceded that you may impose
police regulations to prevent smuggling and fraud;
but you cannot stop the navigation. Hencc, that
question is settled; and I say r-o the whole North-
west, entertain no fears upon that question. Mis-
souri is as deeply interested in the navigation of
the Mississippi river as any other State, except
Louisiana; and Louisiana, by her ordinance of
secession, which I have here before me, has pub-
licly proclaimed she will not interfere with that
free navigation. Hence, these are mere bugbears,
thrown in to frighten timid persons, that we can-
not cut off and divide the Mississippi valley. I
hope and I trust it may never be divided; yet
circumstances may arise, misconduct may be so
great, oppression so intolerable, as to force us to
divide'; and if we do divide, had we not better
divide peaceably than forcibly? If we arc com-
pelled to divide, had we not better divide as hon-
orable, thinking, and intelligent men, than as
leckless brutes, governed alone by instinct*
It is said by many here that South Carolina
has suffered no wrong; Maryland, Virginia, Ken-
tucky, and Missouri, have suffered it. I know
that Maryland,Virginia, Kentucky, and Missouri
have suffered ten times as much as South Carolina
ever did; I might say a hundred times as much;
but the fact that she acts in advance, whether we
consider it hasty or inconsiderate or not, proves
that she is noble, patriotic, and true in her im-
pulse. She is acting for our benefit. We may
think a different policy would have been better,
as I do think; but it shows her regard for a great
question involving all of us together; and not only
all of us, but the whole of the human lace. It is
not a question of slaves only The very princi-
ple that will permit them to attack one species of
property against the Constitution, and break it
down, will justify them in taking another species
of property and confiscating that also. Theagra-
rianismof the North will spread from the success
of their attempt to bieak down slavery in the
South; and every property holder of New York
and Boston is as much interested in repressing
this attack upon private property as I am. Let
the populace, rise; let. the mob gather; let the im-
pulse be given to them, and they will say: iS Why
shall one man have $15,000,000, and we stand
here starving and begging for bread ?" This feel-
ing will be engendered. Law-abiding, orderly,
good people ought, therefore, to repress every
thing that leads .to it. We of the South ought to
repress it; you of the North ought to repress it;
and, if it be not repressed, the consequences will
come home to you in a more fearful degree than
they can possibly come to us
While Missouri has suffered so much, she has
been the last to act; yet that State will act. The
action, however, of ICentucky, of Virginia, I am
sorry to say it, and of Tennessee, has been of the
most disastrous character. It has done no harm
toMissouii; but it has stimulated northern men
to make speeches, such as the King of New York,
very violent, domineering, demanding, threaten-
ing, after he hears the returns from Tennessee. I
am sorry that Virginia has lagged behind. If all
these border States, as they are called, had come
right up to the mark at once, we should have had
a settlement, or a peaceful separation; and we
shall never have it until that is done.
Some persons say these southern States were
precipitate. Grant it; I will not stop to quarrel
about that. What are we to do? Take things as
we find them, and shape our action according to
the necessities of the case. We do not make the
rain; but if it rains we put up an umbrella over
our heads. We do not make the sun shine, but
yet we will raise a parasol to protect us from its
rays. We did not make South Carolina go out
of the Union. It may have been hasty, for aught
I know. I will not say it was or not. What shall
we do? Take that coursc which is best calculated
to preserve our rights, either in the Union or in
a new one. What course ought that to be? For
every State to go out together—I mean all the
slaveholding States. Do you say we desert our
northern friends? No. Our warm sympathies,
our high admiration for them will be as lastingas
time; but we can best serve them by serving our-
selves in this matter; because if the fifteen States
were all to recede from the Union, associate to-
gether, and say to the North, " do this and we
are with you again," the North would concede it
to us; but if some arc going off, and we are hesi-
tating and higgling and doubting, it makes the
Nortli so confident in its power, that they say, let
South Carolina, Georgia, Alabama, Mississippi,
and Florida go. Very well. Just as sure as you
let them go, others will follow; and what other
States will follow? Every slaveholding State, ex-
cept Delaware, Maryland, and Virginia. I am
afraid of old Virginia. She is so hesitating, so
timid, walking on egg-shells, and afrSa she will
mash them; but, just as sure as you live, if no
adjustment on honorable terms is made in a sat-
isfactory manner, Missouri, Arkansas, and Kan-
sas will go. [Laughter.] Yes, Kansas. Do not
be surprised at the use of that term. Montgom-
ery docs not rule there now. Ho can make his
raids upon Missouri, and be driven back; they can
make attacks from Iowa and be driven back; but
the material interests of Kansas will force her to
link her fortunes with Missouri.
But for the hot-bed plants that have been planted
in Kansas, through the instrumentality of the Em-
igrant Aid Society, Kansas would have been with
Missouri this day; and when those hot-bed plants
die out—as they are fast dyin^ out, and sending
petitions to the Senator from Massachusetts, beg-
ging for bread, that they are starving—as soon as
they die out, the homogeneous character of the
people will gradually bring them back into the
arms of Missouri. They are begging for bread
and bogging for an independent State government;
and then saying, " If you will not give us bread,
give us land; we are starving." I might ask the
question, can you cat land? But it shows it is all
a trick, a fraud gotten up through this Emigrant
Aid Society. It will die out. Every attempt at
fraud will be exposed sooner or later; aud this
miserable attempt is now being exposed, and the
people are beginning to comprehend it. Even
the traveling agents, who have gone abroad beg-
ging for contributions to relieve poor, starving
Kansas, have received more rifles, more lead and
powder, than they have bread and meat. These
arc facts that I can prove in a court of justice. I
know what I say; and no one who is acquainted
with the subject will contradict me. Do you not
see, therefore, it is all a preparation to attack Mis-
souri ? I was informed by the Governor of Kan-
sas, two weeks before the thing took place, that
he was in fearful apprehension that Montgomery
would make an attack on Missouri, or the Cher-
okee nation, and so on down to Texas, for that
was a part of their plan. It was to circumscribe
slavery and break it down through the Cherokee
nation, through the Choctaw nation, through the
Creek nation, in the borders of Arkansas, and
then into Texas; and that plan is not yet given
up. It is smothered; it sleepeth for the time; but
it will be revived again, unless we are prepared
to meet it
Now, Mr. President, what oughtwe to do? Live
in what we call a fraternal relation, yetcompelled
to Keep arms in our hands,orsubmitto depreda-
tions uponourproperty? At the beginningof this
session, I suggested the propriety of having an
