284
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 19,
36th Cong....2b Sess.
First, Keep Old Compromises—Mr. Pettit.
Ho. of Reps.
putting together this fabric of free government.
If it was wise, proper,and patriotic in those who
first made, and then interpreted the Constitution,
and in the no less illustrious generation of great
men that followed after them, to observe such a
policy, vindicated as it was everywhere by peace-
ful, orderly, and just government in the Terri-
tories, and resulting in such examples of free,
prosperous, and happy States as Ohio, Indiana,
Illinois,Michigan, Wisconsin, Iowa, and Oregon,
strengthening the bonds of our Union, and aug-
menting our honor before all the nations of the
earth, those of us who adhere to the same policy
now are justified in sheltering under such exam-
ples.
This plain statement of facts sums up and con-
cludes the argument as to the power of Congress
to exclude slavery from the Territories. It may
be safely rested on authority alone, because it sub-
jects the sense of the instrument to the practical
interpretation of the great men who made it. In
face of this uniform and irrefragable testimony, it
was heroism in the minority of the committee to
allow it to be implied that it was only in 1848 that
a party in the free States, and for the purpose of
wronging the South, first asserted this power;
especially when it is remembered that two of them
in that very year voted for the extension of the
Missouri compromise line to the Pacific, thereby
admitting that Congress had power to exclude
slavery north of that line; and especially, consid-
ering that the Democratic convention at Baltimore
in tSat very year, affirmed, by a vote of 216 to 36,
that Congress had the power. Thus, instead of
being obnoxious to the complaint of setting up a
new doctrine, we, in turn, accuse them of having
abandoned the old one.
The argument of the next matter of complaint,
namely, that the transitory right of slavery from
the States into the Territories is now denied, is
involved in the argument just made, because, if
Congress may exclude slavery from the Terri-
tories, it includes the right of denying that slavery,
by mere constitutional force, may go into theTer-
ritories. The Constitution makes a Government
of expressly-granted, but limited powers; and it
neither establishes nor conveys any right, unless
the authority for it is written in the instrument.
Now, by the Constitution,slavery is describedas
existing in the States " by the laws thereof," ex-
cluding the idea that it hiis any other authority
than by tlie laws of the States. And, wherever
the subject is named in the instrument, as in re-
gard to the prohibition of the African slave trade
after 1808, the basis of representation and of taxes,
and the reclamation of fugitive slaves, slaves are
treated as persons, in distinction from property.
Indeed, that it has but a local existence, and lim-
ited to the territorial range where the municipal
law establishes it, is affirmed in the decision of
the Supreme Court in the case of Prigg vs. The
Commonwealth ofPennsylvania, already quoted,
in which it lays down the following rule:
" Slavery h a more municipal lcgnliition, founded upon,
and limited to, ttie range of territorial laws."
Thus, as property, which it is made by the
local law, the Constitution extends it nowhere;
and, as it does notcxtend it, it affords it no safety
or protection. The argument maintained by the
minority of the committee—that Congress may
not forbid slavery in New Mexico by its own act,
or by tha act of a Territorial Legislature, which
derives its whole powers from Congress, because
no such power is expressly granted to Congress
by the Constitution—is of equal force that neither
Congress nor the Territorial Legislature can in-
troduce slavery, in opposition to the law of free-
dom which existed there at the time of its acqui-
sition, because the powertodosoisnotexpressly
granted in the Constitution.
Let it be considered that the complaint here
made by the minority of the committee is, that
the Republican party denies that slaves may be
taken from the States, and held as such under the
Constitution, in the Territories. I have already
referred to the long line of instances in which
Congress directly forbade slavery in the Territo-
ries. In addition to these, in the tenth section of
the act of March 28, 1804, organizing the two
Territories of Orleans and Louisiana purchase, it
was provided :
" No slave or slaves shall, directly or indirectly, be in-
troduced into said Territory, except by a citizen of thtf
United States removing into said Territory for actual set-
tlement, and being at Uie time of such leinuval bona fide
owner of sueli slave or slaves ; and every slave imported or
brought into said Territory, contrary to the provisions of
this act, shall thereupon be entitled to and receive his or
her freedom."
The same provision is contained in the act for
the government of the Territory of Missouri,
passed June 4, 1812. In these acts the authority
of Congress to exclude, slaves as property from the
Territories was distinctly asserted; for, if Con-
gress had thus the power to exclude them in part,
it might do so wholly. Its power of limitation
upon the right was, if it saw fit to assert it, a
power of exclusion.
Let it be further considered that this brief dis-
cussion of this question .is with reference to the
mode of trial invited by the minority of the com-
mittee, namely: " by the common understanding
of those who were to live under the Constitution,
and by the universal sentiment of the times."
Net only did Congress deny this traveling or
vagrant right of property in slaves from the States
into the 1 erritories, but the States denied it as
between themselves. For example, the first act
of the General Assembly of Virginia, at its ses-
sion in 1788, has the following provision:
" It shall not beHawful to bring into this State, or to bold
therein, any slave born out of the limits of the State."
An act of Delaware of the previous year pro-
vided:
" If any person shall, after tiie passing of this act, bring
any negro or mulatto slave into tins State, for sale or oth-
erwise, the said negro is declared free to all intents and
purposes."
At the same time, Maryland ena.cted a similar
law. Even earlier than this, North Carolina for-
bade the introduction of slaves from other States,
under a penalty of <£100; and followed it, in 1794,
with a heart alive to the justice of emancipation,
then in progress in the northern States, by pro-
viding further, that slaves brought from any of
them where slavery was being abolished, should
be set free. But South Carolina led the way in
denying that a slave in one State was property in
another. In 1716, the introduction of a slave from
another colony was forbidden under a penalty of
thirty pounds. In the very year of making the
Constitution of the United States, the penalty was
incieased to <€100. In 1792 the introduction and
sale was again forbidden. The operation of the
law was limited to five years; but was again ex-
tended in 1797, again in 1800, again in 1801, again
in 1803, and once more in 1816. This last was
repealed in 1818; but in 1835 was applied to slaves
from Maiyland or Delaware, under a penalty of
$1,000. Hero, then, cotemporaneous with the
Constitution, is found concurrent legislation in
Delaware, Maryland, Virginia, North Carolina,
and South Carolina, denying that property in
slaves in one State was property in another.
Where, then, was this wandering right of prop-
erty in slaves by the " common understanding of
that time?" All this legislation, which was co-
temporaneous with making the Constitution, puts
itbeyond arfoubt that,by thesense of these States,
the right, whatever it was, was created by muni-
cipal law, and limited to the territorial operation
of the law. Whence, then, the sacred right that
is now asserted for it in the Territories? This
was a subject of discussion in the Senate on the
5th of February, 1850. On that occasion Mr.
Clay said:
"Now, really, I must say that the idea that, eo instanti,
upon the consummation of the treaty with Mexico, the
Constitution of the United States carried along with it the
institution of slavery, is so irreconcilable with any compre-
hension or reason ttiat I possess, that 1 hardly know how
to meet it. How can it be argued that the fifteen s-lave
Statescairied into the Tciritory then institution of slavery,
any more than it can be argued on tiie other side, that,
by the operation of the same Constitution, fifteen States
carried into the ceded Territones the principle of freedom
which they, from policy, have chosen to adopt ? the power,
then, Mr. President, in my opnuon, does exist with Con-
gress."
The argument of the minority of the commit-
tee amounts to this: that the fathers meant to make
slavery national, to invigorate it, and protect it,
and perpetuate it. If they had meant this, they
would have said it frankly m the Constitution, for
they were frank men. Will gentlemen argue, if
all the States, where slavery now exists, should
abolish it, that slavery would afterwards exist in
all the Territories by the naked force of the Con-
stitution ? And if the people inalltheStates and all
the Territories—if the people everywhere, wish to
get rid of slavery everywhere, must it yet remain
in the Territories by force of the Constitution, in
spite of Congress,in spite ofterritonal legislation,
in spite of every human power, the Wandering
Jew of modern politics, that can never die ? And
if, thus, slavery as property is nationalized, and
established, and set above men and all possible
legislation, does it not then follow that the great
struggle for independence was a struggle, not for
man, hut for property?
I have discussed, at some length, these several
matters f complaint of the minority of the com-
mittee, partly because it was due to the subject,
but more, because if these several complaints are
unfounded, then it follows that what is wanting,
the only thing wanting, to quiet discontents and
reestablish the family peace, is, to tell the simple
truth, that no one's rights are to be wronged, and
that Republican administration will follow the
good and wise examples of the best periods of
our history.
The minority of the committee has nothing
more to complain of than this, except that it is
claimed as the summary and result of the argu-
ment, that the election of Mr. Lincoln to the Pres-
idency was an act of the free States, with deliber-
ated hostility to the South, on the sentiment of
opposition to slavery alone. These gentlemen
seem to know but little of the motives of this con-
test. Whether slavery should be extended into all
the Territories, and thus virtually exclude twenty
million freemen—because, where slavery exists,
free labor is virtually expelled—twenty million
already "cribbed and confined" within one half
the limit relatively nt>w enjoyed by citizens of the
slave States, was, indeed, one great question. But
it was a legitimate subject, just as the question of
promoting and establishing slavery in the Terri-
tories was equally insisted upon in the canvass in
the slave States. But this subject had practically
been concluded by the election of 1856 and the
progress of events in Kansas.
But miscalled Democracy, under the adminis-
trations of Pierce and Buchanan, was arraigned
and brought to judgment for eight years of mis-
government, peculation, and crime.' It was much
that it had sown dissensions by breaking down
old compromises, which gave assurance of confi-
dence and peace. The great crime against fiee
government in Kansds was not forgotten. Its
promises of retrenchment and economical admin-
istration had resulted, in a season of profound
peace and when no great public enterprises were
in progress, in expenses increased and doubled.
The Treasury was made bankrupt. When ma-
terial prosperity was at its height, year by year,
the nation was plunging in debt. Piratical enter-
prises against Cuba and sister Republics, our
neighbors, went abroad unchecked. The national
name became their terror. Two hundred million
dollars to buy Cuba into the Union, whether the
people consented or not, as if the Quean of Spain
might sell her people as cattle are sold in a mar-
ket, making necessary new armies and greater
navies to hold it in subjugation, and adding to the
public burden, was in sight. Wherever Democ-
racy was touched, it was found rotten to the core.
But more than all was the deep conviction of a
conspiracy, wide-spread and criminal, fostered and
hatching and pervading all departments of the
Government, having its head in the President's
Cabinet, and having for its object the destruction
of the Union. This moved the heart of northern
men scarcely less than in the great Statesof Ken-
tucky, Tennessee, and Virginia, where Bell led
the cause of Union to victory. Such were some
of the articles of impeachment tried in the late
presidential election. The beneficial measures of
the tariff, the Pacific railroad, and the homestead,
were hardly less potent. These are issues that the
presidential contest determined.
Northern Democrats, who lately held our opin-
ions and abandoned them, have been our chief
accusers. Killing by damaging innuendoes is
kindred to " damning with faint praise." They
have called us Abolitionists, touched with an
insane frenzy against the South. They have
aided in spreading southern delusion, because you
seemed to believe them,and took pleasure in being
deluded. Men who do not know their own priu-
