868
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 12,
armed police, controlled by the States, paid from
the Federal Treasury, to prevent these invasions
and enforce the fugitive slave law all along the line
separating the slaveholding from the non-slave-
holding States It was met with derision. Very
well. When we divide, as divide we must, we shall
have the same thing to do; but we shall have it to
do in a larger degree. We shall then have to raise
a very large army, and a strong military force,
each watching the other; and the slightest inter-
ruption may lead to a collision which will involve
the whole country in a bloody war. If my sug-
gestion had been received, something might have
been done; but my suggestion was only intended
as a means to check action and give time for re-
flection; for if the sentiment expressed by the
North in the election of Mr. Lincoln is the set-
tled judgment of the North, and if the practice of
the North in stealing our negroes is the settled
practice of the North, I would not live with you
one day; I.would divide this hour, this minute.
There are men, it is true, who say they would
not steal a slave; but they would notpreventany-
body else from stealing one. There are men who
say they have no objection to the fugitive slave
lav/; but will they aid to execute it ? Not one. Is
not there, then, that dangerous, miserable senti-
ment we cannot tolerate and live in unity with?
Perhaps it will be said the H6use of Repre-
sentatives passed a very fine resolution yesterday.
We have a right to notice the official proceedings
ofthe House. They passed a resolution that they
would not interfere with slavery in the States,
and also that they did not intend to do it, embrac-
ing two points: first, they would not do it, and
second, they did not intend to do it. Now, I wish
to call the attention of the Senate to a little cir-
cumstance that took place in this body not twelve
months a^. I asked the question of several north-
ern Senators: why do you wish to circumscribe
slavery ? Why does it affect you to prevent the
expansion and spreading of it m new Territories?
The answer was, by hemming it in, the slaves
will gradually become so numerous, that slavery
will become so unprofitable or dangerous that the
master, perforce, will emancipate—thus seeking
to accomplish by indirect means the very thing
they swear in the House they do not desire to do
by direct means. That is the purpose of every
member of this Senate 011 the Republican side.
If it is not, I would like for some one to rise and
answer me. They have avowed it. No one has
denied it. I have charged it upon them. Some
of them were honestenough to confess it. Others
chose to sit mute under the charge, thereby giv-
ing it a confession. Therefore, to say, " Wcdo
«oi intend to make adirectattack upon your State,
but we will bring to bear a train of circumstances
that, will break down slavery in your State," is
just as base and as infamous as if you raised an
army to ntlack us in the State. You are attack-
ing the State of Missouri every day.
VVIien you talk of enforcing the fugitive slave
law, you know it is not done; and when you say
you occasionally enforce it, you know also that
nineteen out of twenty nevei come to the cogni-
zance of the law.
Mr. SEWARD. How would you enforce the
law in respect to those that never come to the
cognizance ofthe law?
Mr. GREEN. I will tell you. Your abolition
societies pay fifty dollars a head for every one
stolen and taken to the North. I would punish
those societies; and if you were a Union-loving
people, and observed your oath, you would doit.
[Applause 111 the galleries.]
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The galleries
will be cleared, if the disturbance is repeated.
Mr. GREEN. Why, sir, no rogue ever had a
good opinion of the law, when he felt the halter
draw. I believe that is in Hudibras, somewhere.
Mr. ANTHONY. Something like it.
Mr. GREEN. Now, sir, it is not simply the ,
courts, not simply the liberty bills, not simply
the official acts, of which I complain. These are
but the bloom, as the miners would say, that blos-
som out. Itis the deep-seated mind, the sentiment
that has been inculcated at the Noith through the
instrumentality of politicians, teachers of schools,
tract societies, and everything that you can con-
ceive of, which underlies those popular political [
indications, stronger than all of it. There is not I
one that dares run counter to it; and when our i
noble friends over on this side have stood up so I
manfully, they have been cut down as with a
sharp scythe, one by one, until every one must
go; and why? Because there is a sentiment in-
culcated there which is in direct conflict with their
opinions. You have gottogo, [to Mr. Bright;]
you have already gone, [to Mr. Fitch;] and every
one of you will go. Yes, sir, as the Senator from
New York said, the "irrepressible conflict" will
go on. What did he mean by that doctrine ? I
do not suppose he meant a bloody war, for he is
not a man of war; he is a man of words. What
kind of conflict, then, did he mean ? Why,acon-
tinual agitation ofthe question, until they get us
in such trepidation and fear that, out of regard
for personal safety, we would sell our negroes, or
emancipate them, or run them off, and gradually
work it down, Missouri first, Maryland next,
Virginia next, until you crowd them down to the
last extremity. That is the " irrepressible con-
flict;" and yet his friends in the other House
vote that they do not intend to interfere with
slavery in the States.
Can that Senator reconcile his doctrine of the
" irrepressible conflict," that all must be slave or
all free, with an honest understanding of the vote
of the House yesterday, that they did not intend
to interfere with slavery in the States? Can any-
body do it? There is a fraud in it. There is a
system inaugurated to lull, to stop and suspend
action in the border States; and if I had the voice
of a Boanerges, I would speak to old Virginia to
rouse herselfupandgo to work, and not rest upon
fancied security, and not content herself with these
vague promises, all thrown out for the purpose of
staying her action. So I would say to Kentucky,
Tennessee, and North Carolina. For Missouri
I need not speak. She is ready to act; she intends
to act; and her duty and her interest prompt her
to act, and she will.
Now, sir, it is for the purpose of trying to come
to some fair understanding that we ought to dis-
cuss this question, and not to inflame the passions
of either side. I commend the spirit that prompted
the honorable Senator from Kentucky in offering
his propositions, not because I hope any good re-
sult from them, for 1 do not. I desire a good re-
sult; but do not entertain any hope of it. If the
amendments lie proposes were all adopted to-day
unanimously by all the States of the Union,and
the same feeling continued to exist that now ex-
ists in the Abolition party, and the same practices
were kept up, they would not be worth one single
straw. As I said to the Senator from New Hamp-
shire, [Mr. Clauk,] [ believe it was, I say now,
the present Constitution is good enough, us good
as I want it, as good as anybody ought to desire
it. We have not lived up to it. Plain and pal-
pable provisions of it are violated with impunity,
and not a representative of that party in this
Chamber will say he will execute it. If they will
not execute it, will they execute the Constitution
as proposed to be anjended by the honorable Sen-
ator from Kentucky? Would any Republican
Senator raise his linger to execute the fugitive
slave law then, any morn than he would now?
You say you impose a penalty upon the States,
if there be a rescue by a mob. As I have stated,
the mob rescues one, and nineteen slip through
the fingers of the law, and elude detection, and
are spirited away through the instrumentality of
those underground railroads; and fifty dollars a
head arc paid forthem by the Abolition societies.
1 have heard of but two being taken for a long
while; and I will relate that circumstance to give
you an idea of the honesty and morality and re-
ligion of some of the Abolitionists.
One of them was living over in Illinois. Two
negroes escaped from Missouri on one side of the
river. There was a Kentuckian living close by,
and the owner went over to the Kentuckian and
said to him, "I have offered §800reward for these
two negroes; they will be sure to come to that
Abolitionist's house, for he keeps a station on the
underground railroad." The Kentuckian went
over to the Abolitionist and told him about it, and
said, •' Now, I will give you half of the reward
if you will take them forme." " Well," said he,
" I will tell you what I will do; it will not do for
me to catch them for you; but I will detain them
here long enough for you to come and take them,"
The negroes came there. He took them in; lie
entertained them; gave them to eat; and sent his
boy over to the Kentuckian, and the Kentuckian
returned and got them. The Abolitionist prc-
| tended to be very mad about it, but the Kentuckian
.received the $800 reward, and gave the Aboli-
tionist one half. That is the only instance that
I ever heard of where an Abolitionist interposed
to catch a negro. [Laughter.]
I am not talking fiction. I am simply stating
plain, naked facts to illustrate the enormity of
the attacks that are made upon us. What would
any northern man say if he had to pay such re-
wards for the recovery of his property? It is
sometimes said: you do not recover all the horses
that escape. No; but have you ever known an
honest community employed in the business of
stealing horses, or preventing the recapture of
stolen horses? Yet you think your community
is honest who are engaged in doing this with re-
gard to slaves. I own slaves in Michigan this
day. It would be worth more than my life to go
for them. Will any Senator say he owns prop-
erty in Missouri, and that he is afraid togo afterit?
Now, if this state of things is to continue, if
this feeling is to be permanent, had we not better
separate? I say we must have a retraction of
northern sentiment, or a separation. There is no
use of talking. We cannot have peace; we can-
not maintain our trust; we cannot maintain our
honor, unless there is that retraction. I shall be
the last to separate from the Union, if I can help
it; but I think the more speedy the action of the
border States is, tiie better the prospect of a reac-
tion in the northern mind. I think so, because I
hear the rampant talk of northern Senators, since
they see a probability that the border States are
going to hesitate; and poor old Virginia is lag-
ging behind, when she ought to have been fore-
most in the work. It is true, she was not fore-
most in the Revolution; but she came up man-
fully to it. She has always been true ever since;
but why this hesitation, tins vacillation, and this
doubtful position, which encourages the North,
and dampens the ardor of the South? You all
know this thing has got to be settled in one of
two ways—either separation or an honorable ad-
justment; and I say there can be no honorable
adjustment, which will be satisfactory and pro-
tective in its character, unless there is a retraction
of northern sentiment.
True, you may plant an army along the line;
and my idea of putting that police force there was
simply to put it there until the time for reaction
had occurred, and when that time had passed,
and 110 reaction had taken place, then I was for
separation. I was willing to resort to every ex-
pedient—1 am yet—to give the North time, place,
and opportunity for repentance, for they need it.
If they repent not, I would then spew them out
of my mouth, yl would let them go; and I would
resort to adequate means to protect ourselves with
ourselves; and yet, when I did that, I would not
draw the sworu; I would not point a cannon to-
wards them; I would not present a bayonet; I
would not make a warlike movement; but I would
be leady for any action that they might take. I
think the time for settling questions by physical
force has passed."
In this age of Christianity, of civilization, and
of refinement, we ought to be able to discuss
questions and adjust them by reason, by argu-
ment, by compromise, and not by military power;
and 110 military power on land or sea ought ever
to be used, except in self-defense. That is justi-
fiable. I would, therefore, if I had the right to
counsel the southern States, beg them to bear with
Fort Sumter for a time, though held by a foreign
Government, to see if the question could not be ad-
justed withoutforce; butfor aforeign Government
to hold a fort within our own confines, I never
would concede as right. Let us keep the peace;
let us practice forbearance; let us interchange
opinions; and when we arrive at that point which
satisfies us that we cannot agree, that we cannot
live together oil terms of peace and equality, let
us bid each other farewell, and separate as hon-
orable men, and not as belligerents.
If that is not done, fearful consequences may
result. If armies are to be brought m conflict—
the sturdy men of the North and the valiant men
of the South, with all the improvements of mod-
ern warfare, with all the equipments and appoint-
ments of well-organized armies—most fearful,
bloody, and unfortunate will be the issue. 1 would
say:
" Oh. Heaven, my bleeding country save !
Is there no trand on High to sJiield tJie brave?"
