1801.1
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
285
3Gth Cong....2d Sess.
First, Keep Old-Compromises—Mr. Pettit.
Ho. of Reps.
ciples, who throw their principles over theirshoul-
ders as carelessly as a beggar does his wallet,
going from congressional prohibition to compro-
mise, and next destroy compromises for popular
sovereignty, and now abandon popular sover-
eignty and put up compromises again, as if com-
promises were to be put up and knocked down
like ten-pins; such men did not know, in Novem-
ber last, in defending popular sovereignty, that it
would now be turned off as carelessly as a found-
ling—who do not know their own purposes—
pretend to know best and tell you what our pur-
goses are. These, the Cushings and Hallettsand
uffalo platform builders, and all their tribe, who,
when they turned to Democracy from Abolition,
brought-nothing but its fanaticism, are enemies
to the South in disguise, and will abandon you at
the first temptation. Those who hold principles
from expediency are without principle. Itis enly
those who hold fast to the covenants of the Con-
stitution who are true friends both of North and
South.
Thcsecession of South Carolina,Georgia, Flor-
ida, Alabama, Mississippi, and Louisiana, does
not have root in any such motives, but in consid-
erations that are incompatible with the Constitu-
tion and the Union. Therefore they wish to get
out of the Union. Since nullification, South Car-
olina had " eaten of the insane root," and her
people have become poisoned with hatred to the
Union. This is no recent infirmity; and the rea-
sons stated by the minority of the committee,
namely, apprehension of disturbance of the sub-
ject of slavery in the States, and the recovery of
fugitives, and the election even of a Republican
President, have had nothing to do with it. In the
convention that declared her late independence of
the Union, and just after having completed the
treasonable work, some of its leading gentlemen
were frank to acknowledge it. Mr. Parker said:
"It is no spasmodic effort that has come suddenly upon
us, bur it has been gradually culminating for lonir series
of \eai?, until, at last, it lias come to that point when we
may &a> the matter is entliely light."
Mr. Inglis was equally explicit:
'• As my ti lend [Mr. .Parker] has said, most of us have had
this matter undei consideration for the last twenty yeais;
and I presume we have by this time arrived at a decision
upon the ssiibject."
Her infuriated orator, Mr. Keitt, exclaimed:
"I have been engaged in this movement ever since I
entered political lite."
Mr. Rhett, whose whole life has been an ex-
pression of hatred to the Union, followed:
"The secession of South Carolina i-s not an event of a
day. It is not an\thins produced by Mr. Lineoh. - election,
or bv non-execution of the fugitiveslave law. It ha?been
a matter which ha  been gathering head for thirty yeais."
The contagion of this bad example had long
infected her sister States.
Others sigh for cheap slaves, and reopening the
African slave trade. Tins is not possible in the
Union. Others have Utopian dreams of a wide-
spread military empire, embracing all the sunny-
fields of Mexico and the tropics, dazzling with
untold riches, and bringing the world to its feet.
The curious, the idle, and the adventurous, have
hopes of distant conquests and plunder. In the
Union none of these are possible. Then, too, dis-
solution will open new fields of domestic enter-
prise and ambition. Many such motives and
hopes, which singly would do no harm, are coop-
erating and pushing forward revolution. Thus,
these States have thrown off' authority and alle-
giance. What cure is there for such malady but
to destroy the Union ? The Union is the evil com-
plained of. This is therafiras/e of secession. But,
in distempered times, the " cruel and violent have
sway." I verily believe that even there, there is
now a silent majority in whom the love ot Union,
with its precious freight of security, peace, hap-
piness. glory, greatness, with rich traditions and
auspicious hopes, is not yet expired, and that tho
majority will, m good time, reclaim them from
revolution, and bring them home.
We are now to consider what the exigency de-
mands. The gentlemen of the minority of the
committee assisted by their votes in tearingdown
the Missouri compromise of 1820, which limited
the extension of slavery northward by the par-
allel of 36° 30'. It was done to remove the agi-
tation of slavery from Congress; to give' peace to
the country; to put an end to an invidious and in-
solent distinction which denied them equality as
States in the Confederacy. Now, at the end of a
half dozen yeais of faction and disorder and crime,
they propose once more to give peace to the coun-
try, and end slavery agitation in Congress, by
crowding the limit of slavery northward by half
a degree. They recommend that in the free ter-
ritory acquired from Mexico, the slavery line shall
be extended still further north, to the northern
boundary of New Mexico. In the territory south
of this line, slavery is to be recognized as exist-
ing. Congress shall not interfere with it It shall
be protected as property by all the departments
of theTerritorialGovernment. When admittedas
States, it shall be with or without slavery. In
places under the exclusive jurisdiction of Con-
gress, it shall have no power to abolish it. Con-
gress shall not abolish it in the District of Colum-
bia while it exists in Maryland and Virginia, nor
without the consent of its inhabitants, nor with-
out just compensation. Congress shall never pro-
hibit officers of the Federal Government from
bringing their slaves into the District. Congress
shallnotprohibit the transportation of slaves from
State to State, by land, by rivers, or by sea. Con-
gress shall provide bylaw for indemnity for fugi-
tives whose recovery is obstructed- The United
States may sue and recover from the counties for
the damages of rescue, with interest. Congress
shall not abolish or interfere with slavery in any
of the States. All these articles of amendment
shall be perpetual. If so much is granted, says
the minority of the committee, " harmony and
peace will be restored to our people, and our union
soon again be reconstructed on such a foundation
that it can never be shaken." And all this is to
be irrevocably written and established in the Con-
stitution. This is proposed as a compromise.
This, on full consideration of our present discon-
tents, is the recommendation of the minority.
Through this whole debate the best hopes have
been founded in compromise. I like the friendly
word compromise. It implies that there can be
such things as trust and confidence. It shuts
out the idea of unbrotherly strife. Occasions have
risen, and may arise again, for which the Consti-
tution has made no rule; or, if it has, in which
there are honest disagreements about interpret-
ing it, and then some just accommodation ofitis
better than blows. Such an instance occurred on
the acquisition ofLouisiana. It wasprobably true,
as the minority of the committee has said, when
the Constitution was made, it was not intended to
provide for any further acquisition of territory.
In some considerable part of Louisiana slavery
then practically existed. It had been fixed and
rooted there for three quarters of a century. But
it theoretically existedthere, every where, through-
out the whole of the acquired territory, westward
to the Stony mountains, and northward to the
British line, by the operation of French law.
Should this imperial domain, greater than Alex-
ander's empire, become ail slave territory, or
should it all become free territory' The applica-
tion of any absolute rule would have made it all
either one or the other. Without entering into
the dreary and angry controversy that then re- ;
suited from the Missouri compromise, it is enough j
that that memorable compromise and settlement, !
devised and imposed by the southern section, j
which is, by the act, concluded ftom denying its i
fairness, as it is concluded by subsequent events
fiom alleging against the northern section a lack .
of fidelity in its execution, attempted then to set- !
tie the question of slavery in that whole territory 1
forever, on the distinct ground that there then was ]
no rule of just application to all of it, and that
some equitable and peaceful compromise of the
dispute was the best adjustment of it. It has be- •
come the judgment of the generation that followed
this settlement that some such accommodation of
this perilous dispute, for the reason given, was
then eminently proper. !
But the importance of this great event was not .
so much in making it as in observing it. This ;
compromise, like all compromises, implied good
faith, imported that it was made and consented ;
to on the single security of the good iaith ot the
parties to it, that it should be religiously and
nerpetually kept. It was, to be sure, in form,
only a law, and therefore subject to be repealed; ;
but to save it from ruthless hands, it was, at its ,
very birth, baptized into the sacred name of com-
promise, and put in ward of the public lienor and
affection till it grew, as Mr. Polk expressed it in
his Oregon message, " into a sacredness akin to
the Constitution." The wretch who first stripped
from compromises the security and sanctity that
public confidence had invested them with, and
taught that they were nothing but vulgar laws,
mere estates at will on the statutes, has spread
more mischief and done more wrong to public
morals than all the common rogues that public
justice has chastised into the public jails and pen-
itentiaries. The confidence, the faith of the States
in each other, is the only just assurance of affec-
tion and peace; and the faith-breakers, '-he assas-
sins of compromises, are the enemies of both.
The merit of all compromises, I repeat, is not in
making them, but in observing them.
Before making new compromises, let us begin
by keeping the old ones. After the work of
making the Constitution was complete, George
Washington, president of the convention, wrote
a letter to the old Congress, "by unanimous order
of the convention," m which he used this lan-
guage:
£< The Constitution which we now present is the result
ot a spii it of am ity and of that mutual deference and con-
cession which the peculiarity of our political situation ren-
dered indispensable. That it may promote the lasting
welfare of that country so dear to us all, and secure her
freedom and happiness, is our most ardent wish."
Now, the Constitution of the United States is a
bundle of compromises. It is a compromise, that
the President elected by a constitutional majority
shall be inducted into office by the consent of the
whole people, and exercise in their name the ex-
ecutive power of the United States. It is a com-
promise, that the wish of the people, expressed
by the forms of election, shall be respected and
obeyed. It is a compromise, that the Constitu-
tion, and the laws of the United States made in
pursuance thereof, shall be the supreme law of the
land, anything in the constitution or laws "of any
State to the contrary .notwithstanding. It is a
compromise, that the President shall he the com-
mander-in-chief of the Army and Navy. It is a
compromise, that no State shall enter into any
treaty, alliance, or confederation, coin money, or
emit bills of credit. If is a compromise, that no
State shall, without the consent of Congress, lay
any imposts or duties on imports or exports. It
is a compromise, that no State shall, without the
consent of Congress, lay any duty of tonnage,
keep troops or ships of war in time of peace, enter
into any agreement or compact with another State,
or with a foreign Power, or engage in war. But
the paramount compromise, ana that which is the
summary of all compromises, is the Union of
these States, one and inseparable, now and for-
ever.
Now, when I am invited to new compromises
by these gentlemen, I first ask, will you observe
these old compromises? aid the President in exe-
cuting his office of preserving the Union and en-
forcing the laws? frown on all wrongful interfer-
ence with Federal authority in all the States?
preserve and keep the public property? Because,
if you will not do this, what assurance exists that
you will keep the new compromise? And having
made a new compromise, what assurance, then,
that you will not deny its obligation until you
have exacted another? First, last, and^ all the
time, I stand by the sacred duty of obedience to
the Constitution and the laws.
What! Coerce a State ? No! In a constitu-
tional sense, State authority is consistent with
Federal authority, and can never conflict with it.
Each is independent of the other. Each has its
powers and function, divided from the other by
a line. State and Federal authority move in con-
centric orbits. Wheie one has power on ti given
subject, the other lacks the power. Federal sov-
ereignty is made by agrant of powers; State sov-
ereignty in the exercise of reserved rights. Thus,
Congress may impose duties; a Slate cannot. So
that if duties are collected even in the name of a
State, it is yet not the State that does it, for such
functions are denied to it, while the Constitution
lasts, but the act is a mere lawless usurpation of
authority, So in regard to forts, harbors, armies,
treaties, alliances. States have no constitutional
power over such subjects, and when attempted,
their acts are merely nugatory. No! I would
