1861.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
287
36th Cong....2d Suss.
State of the Union—Mr. Babbitt.
Ho. of Eeps.
The old Constitution, which has been good enough
for three generations of prosperous and happy
people,is good enough for their children. The
Union of ail the States, from ocean to ocean, and
from the Gulf to the frozen North, with all its
rich property of lands and lakes and rivers, and
pastures and meadows, and tilled fields and pleas-
ing landscapes, with its hives of busy and happy
people, in the midst of the arts and comforts and
luxury of cultivated life—the Union of all these,
which nature first married, and which art has
strengthened by its reticulation of telegraphs and
canals and railroads, which have become new
veins and arteries of the system—this old Union
of them all is none too great for free government
to have elbow-room in, and yetgood enough, as
it has been from the beginning, for maintaining
right and justice everywhere, and upholding the
virtues of a free and Christian Commonwealth.
My whole faith is summed up in The Constitu-
tion and Union as tiiey are.
Just now, the aim must be to loosen the Gov-
ernment from the folds of the criminal conspiracy
which has embraced it. But after that, after Abra-
ham Lincoln's oath of office to observe the Consti-
tution, and see that all laws made in pursuance of it
are faithfully obeyed, are auspices of better and
wiser judgments, and, hence, renewed fraternal
feeling, wiser, safer, and more honest public pol-
icy, and our national name more honored, as it
is greatly honored now, throughout the whole
earth.
STATE OP THE UNION.
SPEECH OF HON. E. BABBITT,
OF PENNSYLVANIA.
In the House of Representatives,
February 27, 1801.
The House having under conbideration the report from
the select eomnnttcc of thirty-three—
Mr. BABBITT said:
Mr. Speaker: In regard to our nation and its
Government, we have fallen on evil times, and
seem rapidly approaching an era in our history
fraught with wide disaster. Six States of the
Union have gone out of it, so far as they can go
by paper declaration, by rebellion against its
Government, and making war upon it. Leaders
in secession movements in other States allege that
they will follow, unless certain large concessions
are made to the institution of slavery, and addi-
tional guarantees given for its support and exten-
sion. These cannot be made or given; and thus
this model Republic of the universe, long, and,
till lately, the pride of all American hearts and
the admiration of the civilized world, seems ready
to totter into ruins. Secessionists in the slave
States allege that the property of their peculiar
institution is not sufficiently protected; that they
have suffered great wrongs in regard to it; and
that the accession of Republicans to power will
render it insecure, and for remedy whereof,
strange as it may seem, they propose to under-
mine the foundation of this great Union, planned
by the wisdom, defended by the valor, and sus-
tained by the virtue of our fathers, and by them
deemed indispensable to the security of all sections
of it. Because, in the estimation of these seces-
sionists, a peculiar kind of property is not as
strongly protected as it should be, they are ready
to venture on a perilous attempt at a desperate
remedy, no less than that of causing the grand
and beautiful structure of our Union, which, for
near a century, has been the palladium of our
security, to fall to the earth, and in its stead, as
an inevitable consequence which is already be-
ginning to develop itself in the cotton States,
establish that kind of security which exists in
the South American Republics; where, dictators
and brigands, calling themselves presidents and
generals, issue their periodical primunciamientos,
changing with almost every change of the moon,
and fight1 against each other for supremacy; sup-
porting themselves and armies by forced loans
and contributions extorted at the point of the bay-
onet, or by the terror of proscription, from a
tyrant-ridden and ruined people.
iVow, sir, on the other hand, the free States
believe that their rights m the Union have been
gieatiy aggressed upon by the so-called Demo-
cratic party of the'slave States; that party which
has had the General Government in its control
for near half a century, and, by the permission of
a weak-kneed, meek, and subservient northern
Democracy, has used its high powers for pur-
poses of aggression, as well as for the enlarge-
ment of the borders of slavery, in which it has
been strikingly successful. But, notwithstanding
this, the northern States propose no such disas-
trous and desperately wicked remedy as a destruc-
tion of the Union. They would not, for wrongs
tenfold greater than the seceding States allege
they have suffered, resort to the infernal expedient
of o verth rowing the freest, most prosperous, pow-
erful, and glorious govermental organization with
which God ever blessed mankind; under which
the rights of person and property—of the white
man—are better protected and secured than in any
other Government upon earth. The North, though
in its estimation suffering wrongs, desires to seek
its redress in the Union, and through the means
which the Constitution framed by the wisdom
of our fathers has provided. They will seek
redress in no other way.
When, Mr. Speaker, some great mischief has
been done or is threatened, and remedial or pre-
ventive justice is sought in a court of equity, and it
becomes necessary to ascertain who are the wrong-
doers, some members of the court occupy the po-
sition of judges; and others that of advocates, who
do the speaking. Now, sir, this great case has been
for months on hearing before this august equity
tribunal, and I having failed, till now, in luck
to obtain the floor, for which so many were con-
tending, have, rather by compulsion than choice,
satasjudge here, and silently listened while others
adduced the evidence and pleaded the cause before
me. And I have, sir, during all the long time this
case has been on hearing, endeavored with atten-
tion, candor, and impartiality, to listen to the facts
and arguments adduced; and particularly and
specially to all adduced by the advocates who
would justify, excuse, or extenuate, those who
look with favor to a dissolution of the Union, either
as consummated or threatened, as a remedy for
the grievances alleged. Endeavoring to divest
myself of all-preconceived opinions respecting the
existence of such grievances, I have listened with
care to all the evidence which any one has pro-
duced of their existence and extent; and now, as
a judge summing up the testimony, i am con-
strained injustice and candor to say that, though
the charges of grievous wrongs suffered by the
South, for which no adequate redress can be ob-
tained inside the Union and under the Constitu-
tion, have been portrayed and elaborated with
great and moving eloquence and ability, and often
with an intensify of fierceness, which seemed to
border on madness, yet I have not been able to
discoverone particleof evidence,directorcirrum-
stantial, by any one adduced, of the existence of
any wrongs but such as are inseparable from
human nature and human society, and are daily
committed, and constantly redressed in the ordi-
nary courts of justice, in every northern State of
the Union. These southern advocates seem, in
this great case, to forget that to draw up an indict-
ment, setting forth m law phrase that the North,
not having the fear of God before its eyes, and
being seduced by the instigations of the Devil, has
committed great and wicked aggressions and hor-
rible atrocities against the rights and peace and
dignity of the South, is one thing, ana quite an
easj tiling to do; but to find evidence to support
the charges is another and quite different matter,
and often much more difficult to do. The indict-
ments are well drawn and well read, and the charges
strong enough; but when the advocates are asked
for the evidence to support them, they seem amazed
that such a tiling as proof should be thought ne-
cessary, and, pointing to their indictments, ask
" Do you not see it there?"
Mr. Speaker, I hesitate not to declare, in the
face of this Congress and nation, that there ex-
ists no proof whatever of any aggression by this
Government upon any—not even the smallest—
right of any southern State; and that there exists
no evidence whatever of any such aggression on
the partof any State of the .North, as would war-
rant even a passing thought of resorting to the
extraordinary and disastrous expedient of a dis-
solution of the Union; and none for which there
is uot ample, remedy and relief in the Union, and
under the Constitution. Some States, in their
anxiety to protect their free black citizens from
being kidnapped—a crime ofno uncommon occur-
rence—or in retaliation for acts passed by South
Carolina and some other southern States, palpa-
bly violative of the constitutional rights of north-
ern citizens, may have passed laws which impinge
somewhat upon the rights of the slaveholder,
under the fugitive slave law. It has been charged
a hundred times over that Pennsylvania has done
so; but I know what the law of Pennsylvania is,
in this respect, and know that the charge is not
true. It may be equally false in regard to other
States, or it may not; I have not taken time to
examine them, well knowing how capable the
Representatives of the other accused States are of
expounding and defending their own laws. But,
however this may be, every tyro of the law knows
that all such acts are, so far as they may impinge
on a law of Congress enacted in pursuance of the
Constitution, as mere blank paper, and will be so
declared by any and every court in the North,
whenever and wherever the question rn^y be
raised. Very different, however, is the case in
South Carolina, where long ago they perempto-
rily refused to permit the question to be brought
before any court. And moreover, most of these
supposed infringing laws, which constitute nearly
the whole ground on which secessionists attemp'
to justify their action, were passed long before
the Republican party had an existence; and nere/
were they thought of sufficient consequence tc
cause even an official application to the severa*
Legislatures for their repeal, till political power
was found to be passing out of the hands of those
who had long wielded it corruptly, and are now
secessionists; and then it is that they suddenly
become of sufficient magnitude in their newly-
opened eyes to justify an immediate dissolution
of the Union.
Mobs at the North, it is alleged, have inter-
fered with the slave owner when taking his fugi-
tive back to servitude. In some instances this
may be true. It would be wonderful if it were
not so, for wherever the sympathies which God
has put in the heart of man are allowed free play,
there they will move for freedom. But against
all this the law has madeample provision. It in-
flicts severe penalties and heavy damages on all
who aid, or abet, or relieve, the escaping fugitive;
and many have suffered the penalties and paid the
damages thus inflicted. Mobs frequently, more
frequently at the South than in the North, at-
tempt, in a summary way, to redress imaginary
wrongs. But never, till the recently discomfited
corrupt party was invited to retire from power,
was it thought sufficient cause for a dissolution
of the Union. The sympathies of the North in
favor of freedom and against slavery, and a sup-
posed hatred of slaveholders, are relied upon as
sufficient cause for the disruption of the Govern-
ment. That all intelligent northern men, who
have hearts in the right place, and whose minds
are unbiased by interest or unperverted by preju-
dice, believe slavery to be a moral, social, and polit-
ical evil, is true. It is a belief which fire, hot as
that which burnt the Christian martyrs, can never
burn out of them. It is the belief which Wash-
ington, Jefferson, Patrick Henry, and a host of
other conscientious and distinguished southern
men of the revolutionary era, entertained, as their
recorded opinions prove. It is the belief enter-
tained by all the leading minds, whether of the
North or the South, which controlled our Revolu-
tion and formed our Constitution, and the belief
in which they abode till the days of their respect-
ive deaths. It is the belief which is now enter-
tained by the whole civilized world, outside of
slave States.
It seems to be taken for granted by southern
men, that the belief in the wrongs and evils of
slavery, and opposition to its extension, is a mat-
ter of recent date, brought about by the persever-
ing agitations of ultra Abolitionists. Nothing can
be further from the fact; no idea more utterly un-
founded. The belief preceded, by long and many-
years, thcagitations ofmodern Abolitionism; and
was, if possible, more universal prior to them than
since. Though, in the days of our Revolution
and the formation of our Constitution, slavery
existed in nearly all the States, yet it was univer-
