1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
•8.21
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Missouri asks the consent of the Senate to
withdraw the motion made by him to reconsider
the vote on tho passage of the Indian appropria-
tion bill. Unless objection be made, it will be
taken that the Senate consent. The motion to
reconsider is withdrawn.
INDIAN TROUBLES'ON THE PACIFIC.
Mr. BIGLER. I move that the Senate now
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness, and I will state, as a spccial reason, that
there are some sixteen postmasters whose terms
have expired.
Mr. LANE. I hope the Senator will allow me
to introduce a resolution of inquiry.
Mr. WIGFALL. Mr. President 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator from Oregon give way?
Mr. BIGLER. I have not given way.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion is
that the Senate proceed to the consideration of
executive business. The Chair 'recognized the
Senator from Oregon upon that motion, and as
the Senator from Texas addressed the Chair, the
Chair asked the Senator from Oregon if he gave
way to the Senator from Texas.
Mr. LANE. I will do so in a moment. I de-
sire to state that my object in asking this favor
is to introduce a resolution for reference to the
Committee on Indian Affairs, and I hope the Sen-
ator will allow me that opportunity. It will not
take a moment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania withdraw the motion for
the purpose indicated?
Mr. BIGLER. I cannot withdraw the motion;
but the resolution can be received by common
consent.
Mr. LANE. I wish merely to send to the
Committee on Indian Affairs an inquiry which I
desire to make.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The resolu-
tion can only be received by unanimous consent.
The Chair hears no objection,
•The resolution of Mr. Lank was received and
agreed to, by unanimous consent, as follows:
Resolved, That the Committee on Indian be in-
stiucted to mquiie into the expediency of providing for a
j-vittlcment of the existing difficulties between the Ncz Per-
cys tube ot Indians and tiie Qettlen, by entering into ne-
gotiations for the cession of that pmtionof the Ncz PeictSs
tescivc ]\ trig noith of the Snake livci and the Clearwater;
and to leportby bill 01 otherwise.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Mr. "WILSON. Mr. President- 
Mr, WIGFALL. Allow me. I call the at-
tention of the Senate to a joint resolution for the
benefit of George II. Giddings. I ask the Senate
to take it uw and pass it. The report was printed
the other day; and I believe, us far *is I know,
that everybody is satisih'd of the justice of it.
The PRES1 DING OFFICER.' The Chair can
entertain the motion by unanimous consent only.
The Chair hears no objection.
Mr. WILKINSON.' I object.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objection be-
ing made, the motion cannot ho received.
Mr, POLK. I understood the Senator from
Texas to move to take up the joint resolution;
and I suppose it is proper for the Senate to pass
on that motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is a mo-
tion before the Senate, which the Senator from
Pennsylvania does not withdraw; and the Chair
cannot entertain any motion while that is pend-
ing, unless by unanimous consent.
Mr. BIGLER. I hope we -shall have a vote
on my motion.
Mr. WIGFALL. Let this joint resolution be
taken up.
Mr. BIGLER. There is objection made on the
other side.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is; and
the Chair cannot entertain the motion of the Sen-
ator from Texas, objection being made.
Mr. BIGLER. I insist on a vote,
Mr. SIMMONS. 1 wish the Senator would
withdraw his motion for a moment, in order to
have a bill taken up for consideration.and be left
as the unfinished business, if we 50 into execu-
tive session. I move to take up House bill No.
338, to provide for outstanding Treasury notes,
to authorize a loan, to regulate and fix the duties
on imports, and for other purposes.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Unless the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania withdraws the motion to
go into executive session, the Chair cannot enter-
tain any other motion, except by the unanimous
consent of the Senate.
Mr. HEMPHILL. I object to taking up the
bill of the Senator from Rhode Island.
Mr. BIGLER. I do not withdraw my motion.
It is not debatable.
Mr. KING. I hope wc shall take the question.
We can take the question In less time than we
consume in talking about it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is 011 the motion to proceed to the consideration
of executive business.
Mr. WIGFALL. I understand the Senator
from Rhode Island withdraws his objection to the
joint resolution which I desire the Senate to
take up.
Mr. SIMMONS. I made no objection.
Mr. POLK. It was the Senator from Min-
nesota.
Mr. BIGLER. I insist on a vote on my mo-
tion, and it is not a debatable question.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
of the Senator from Pennsylvania is, that the Sen-
ate now proceed to the consideration of executive
business; and, without the unanimous consent of
the Senate, no other motion can be entertained,
and his motion must be directly put.
Mr. KING. 1 ask for the vote.
Mr. BIGLER called for the yeas and nay^t and
they were ordered; and being taken, resulted—
yeas 25, nays 24; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Baker, Hayard, liigler, Bragg, Bright,
Clingman, Douglas, Fitch, Green, Hale, Hemphill, Hunter,
Johnson of Arkansas, Johnson of Tennessee, Lane, La-
tham, Mason, I'eaice, Polk, Powell, Rice, Saulsbuiy, Se-
bastian, Thomson, and Wigfdli—2.">.
NAYS—Mf*s.srs. Anthony, Bingham, Cameron, Chand-
ler, (Jlatk, Collamer, Dixon, Doolmle, Durkee, Fessenden,
Foot, Foi-U'i. Gnme.-, Uail.m, King, Morrill, Seward, Sim-
mons, ^umuer, Ten Eyck, Trumbull, Wade, Wilkinson,
and Wilson—24.
So the motion was agreed to; and the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of executive busi-
ness; and after some time spent therein, the doors
were reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, February 12, 1861.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas II. Stockton.
The Journal ofyestcrduy was rcadandapproved.
NATIONAL CONVENTION.
Mr. ADRAIN, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented the memorial of a large number of citizens
of the third congressional district of New Jersey,
in favor of a national convention of all the States
on the existing difficulties in the public affairs;
which was laid upon the table.
ORDNANCE, ETC.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the Secretary of War, trans-
mitting a letter from the chief of ordnance, em-
bodying an estimate for increased appropriations
for the armament of fortifications with ordnance,
ordnance stoies, and supplies rendered necessary
by recent events, and a recommendation that the
Army appropriation bill may be amended accord-
ingly; which was referred "to the Committee of
Ways and Means, and ordered to be printed.
JOINT ItESOIUTIONS 6F MICHIGAN.
Mr. LEACH, of Michigan, by unanimous con-
sent, presented joint resolutions of the State of
Michigan relative to the state of the Union; which
were laid upon the table, and ordered to be printed.
Also, joint resolutions of the same State, in
opposition to the renewal of the patent for Mc-
Cormick's reaping machine; which* were referred
to the Committee on Patents, and ordered to be
printed.
PARISH OF SAINT MATTIIEYf's CHURCH.
Mr. CARTER, by unanimous consent, from
the Committer for the District of Columbia, re-
ported back Senate bill No. 547, for the relief of
the parish of Saint Matthew's church, in the city
of Washington, with the recommendation that
the bill be passed.
The bill was read. It authorizes and empowers
Charles J. White, parish priest of Saint Mat-
thew's church, in the city of Washington, Dis-
trict of Columbia, to sell certain lots .of ground
deeded to the priest of said parish by the late
William Easby, Commissioner of Pubtiic Build-
ings and Grounds, and known in the plat of said
Washington city as lots Nos. 5, 6, 7, 8, 9,10,11,
12, 13, and 14, in square No. 236; the proceeds of
such sale to be applied to the uses ana benefit of
the said parish.
The bill was ordered to be read a third time;
and it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. CARTER move to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA BUSINESS.
Mr. CARTER. I move that a day be set apart
for the consideration of the business of the Dis-
trict of Columbia. There are bills relating to this
District which ought to be passed.
Mr. PRYOR objected.
CONDITION OF THE TREASURY.
Mr. SHERMAN. I send to the Clerk to be
read a communication from the Secretary of the
Treasury.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Treasury Department, February 11,1861.
Sir: I deem it my dutv to call your attention to the
pressing demands on the Treasury, and to suggest the only-
practicable mode of meeting them without seriously im-
pairing the public credit. The liabilities due, and to fall
due before the 4th of March next, are as follows:
For the State Department  $116,868 52
For the Interim Department  1,802,337 57
For the War Department  1,521,131 00
For the Navy Department    1,060,000 00
For the Post Office Department  700,000 00
Requisitions of War and Navy Departments
not complied with..  1,852,925 19
Treasury notes falling: due before the 4th of
March    1,802,700 00
For the Treasury Department  501,423 36
For the Light-House Board    78,220 50
Fishing bounties due, (estimated,)  465,521 86
Total $9,901,118 00
The accruing revenues will, it is estimated, meet about
one million nine hundred thousand dollars of the amount,
leaving $8,000,000 to be borrowed. There is in the Treas-
ury, subject to the dratt of the Treasurer of the United
States, but little more than five hundred thousand dollars,
and theic arc requisitions in the Treasury Department
amounting; to nearly two million dollars unanswered.
In the present condition of the country, it would be im-
possible to bonow the money needed to meet the wants of
the Tieabury, unless at a discount which would seriously
impair the public credit, without some pledge in addition to
that of the faith of the Government. Several of the States, in
accordance with a suggestion contained in my letter to your
committee, of the 18th of January last, have offered to su-
peiadd a pledge of their faith to that of the United States
for the redemption of any bonds it may issue to the amount
of the public moneys deposited with them, respectively, for
safe-keeping, under the act of the 23d of June, 1836. If
Congress will authorize these ofiers to be accepted, the
money required to meet the liabilities due, and to fall duo
before the 4th of March,can be obtained at par. If (he au-
thority is not granted, I am satisfied it can only be procured
011 terms which would be exceedingly disadvantageous to
the Government and in the highest degree detrimental to
to its credit. I should not venture to ask for a loan ex-
ceeding $2,000,000; and nearly the whole of this amount
would be required to meet the redemption of Treasury note9
to fall due before the 4th of March. There would be due
on that day, about six million dollars to public creditors,
whose demands could not remain un&atisfied without sub-
jecting them to the most seiious, and, in some caseu, ruin-
ous losses,
I have discharged my duty to them, and to the country,
by making this exhibit of the public wants, and in pointing
out the only mode by which, in my judgment, they can be
met without the most serious consequeneestothe interests
ot the Government and individuals to whom it is indebted.
The shoit time to elapse befoie the close of the present
session of Congress, renders it indispensable that I should
advertise for a loan 011 the 13th or 14th instant, at furthest.
I am, very icspeetfully, your obedient servant,
JOHN A, DIX,
Secretary of the Treasury.
Hon. John Sherman,
Chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am directed by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Moans to report, in pursu-
ance of that letter from the Secretary of War, a
bill which I now, somewhat reluctantly, ask may
be put on its passage.
Mr. GARNETT. I object to the bill being
reported.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is a bill to authorize the
Secretary of the Treasury to accept guarantees
from any State, of stock of the United States, to
the amount of public money deposited.
Mr. GARNETT. I have regard enough for
