1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
87S
The SPEAKER. The Chair supposes the ne-
cessity of such reference was waived, upon the
occasion when the bill was last before the House.
Mr. SICKLES. If the point was not made, it
could not have been waived.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I move
that the bill bo laid upon the table.
Mr. BOCOCK. I suggest to the gentleman
from Ohio, that he postpone the consideration of
this bill. The gentleman from New York says
the claim is now pending before the Committee
of Claims. Let that committee examine if, and
if, at a future day, the committee say they have
examined it, and that it is all right, the House
may be willing to let it pass. If the gentleman
presses it to a vote now, it can hardly pass.
Mr. BINGHAM. I have no desire to force a
vote. I have no more interest in it than any other
member of the House.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection, the
bill will be laid informally on the table.
Mr. BRANCH. I dfsire it understood that I
did not intend to preclude anyone from insisting
that this bill should be referred to a Committee
of the Whole. I never intended any such tiling.
No objection being made, the bill was inform-
ally laid on the table.
Mr.MALLORY. Onwhosemotionoratwhose
instance has the bill been laid upon the table?
The SPEAKER. It has not been laid upon the
table. It has only been passed by informally.
THE DE GROOT CLAIM.
Mr. BOCOCK. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That the President of the United States here-
quested to communicate to this House the letter of John
B Floyd, late Secretary of Wai, dated 3d November. I860,
relating to the claim of William H. De Groot, lecorded in
the War Department.
I merely ask for the paper, that everybody may
have an opportunity to examine it.
There being no objection; the resolution was
agreed to.
NEW MODE OF SAVING THE UNION.
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask the consent of the
House to introduce resolutions adopted by citi-
zens of Kentucky and Indiana, suggesting a very
original, unique, and effectual mode of preserving
the Union; and that they may be read and laid
on the table.
The Clerk read the resolutions, as follows:
" Resolved, That when there h no longer hope of saving
the Union, we, the citizens of Indiana and Kentucky, will
not suffer the line of a now confederacy to bo drawn be-
tween our States, since there is no enmity existing between
us as citizens.
Resolved, That we a«.k of the States surrounding Indi-
ana and Kentucky to adopt the same rule of action; and
by that means kick the line ot division between two con-
federacies eastward into the Atlantic, pouthwaid into the
Gnlf, westward into the Paeilic, and northward into Can-
ada."
The resolutions were laid upon the table.
HOCKADAY AND LIGGET.
Mr. ADAMS, of Kentucky. I ask the unan-
imous consent of the House to report back, from
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads,
Senate bill No. 551, for the relief of Hockaday
& Ligget.
The bill was read. It directs the Secretary of
the Treasury to pay to William Ligget, for the
benefit of Hockaday & Ligget, the sum of $40,000,
for damages sustained by them in the reduction of
their pay for carrying the mails on route No.
8911
Mr. IIASKIN. I object to the bill.
Mr. CURTIS I call for the regular order of
business.
CHILDREN OF ELIZABETH YANCEY.
Mr. STOKES. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House that the Committee of the Whole
House be discharged from the further considera-
tion of a bill (H. R. No. 778) for the relief of the
children of Elizabeth Yancey, widow of John
Yancey,and thatitbcputupon itspassage. There
is but a small amount of money involved in the
bill, and it has been unanimously reported by the
Committee on Revolutionary Pensions. It does
not pension anybody, but only pays a just debt
which the Government owes to the heirs of this
widow of an old revolutionary soldier.
Mr. BURNETT. I understood the gentleman
from Iowa to demand the regular order of busi-
ness just now. If this is the regular order of
business, it is all right.
Mr. STOKES. I was entitled to the floor. The
Speaker recognized me before the gentleman from
Iowa demanded the regular order of business.
The SPEAKER. , The gentleman from Ten-
nessee was recognized by the Chair.
Mr, BURNETT. Well, I now call for the
regular order of business.
PACIFIC RAILROAD. ,
The SPEAKER. That is an objection to the
bill of the gentleman from Tennessee. The reg-
ular order of business is the consideration of the
amendments of the Senate to House bill No. 701,
to secure contracts, and make provision for the
safe, certain, and more speedy transportation, by
railroad, of mails, troops, munitions of war, mil-
itary and naval stores, between the Atlantic States
and those of the Pacific, and for other purposes.
Mr. CURTIS obtained the floor.
ABSTRACTION OF GOVERNMENT BONDS.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. The hour of one
o'clock has nearly arrived; and before the House
Erocecds to the regular order of business, proba-
ly I had better submit the report of the select
committee appointed to investigate the frauds
which have recently been perpetrated in the Inte-
rior Department.
Mr. CURTIS. How much time will it occupy?
The SPEAKER, if there is no objection, the
Chair will receive the report.
Mr. SICKLES. It is understood that the re-
port is not to be considered now.
The SPEAKER. It will only be received.
Mr. CURTIS. I will give way, if it is only to
be received.
Mr. HOLMAN. I call for the reading of the
report.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I think I have the
floor; and I desire to say a few words.
Mr. CURTIS. I believe I have the floor.
Mr. SICKLES. If the gentleman from Illinois
has the floor, he must have it on the Pacific rail-
road bill.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I would say to the
gentleman from Iowa that this report is a special
order, made so by a resolution which passed the
House yesterday unanimously; and that, conse-
quently, it supersedes Ins bill.
The SPEAKER. If there is any difficulty, the
Chair will receive the report; but that is all at
present.
Mr. HOLMAN. I call for the reading of the
report.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I will occupy but
a few moments.
Mr. BURCH. I must object to any debate on
the report at this time. The Pacific railroad bill
is the special order for to-day.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illinois
has a right to explain to the Chair the reasons
why he supposes that his report has priority over
the Pacific railroad bill.
Mr. CURTIS. I raise the point of order that
the gentleman from Illinois cannot occupy the
floor and make his explanation.
The SPEAKER. The order made yesterday
will be read.
The Clerk read, as follows:
" On motion of Mr. Isaac N. Morris, by unanimous
consent,
" Resolved, That the .-elect committee raided to inquire
into the facts in iegard to the abstraction of certain bonds
fi oin the Interior Department, have leave to report to-mor-
iow, the 32th instant, at one o'clock."
Mr. BURCH. The gentleman has made his
report.
Mr. SICKLES. There is no objection to the
report, but there is to its consideration at this
time.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has a right
to make his report, and it will be considered after
the other matter shall have been disposed of.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I have no disposi-
tion to thrust this report upon the House. They
have already passed a resolution to receive it. If
the House docs not wish it submitted, I am will-
ing to withhold it. We were appointed to make
this investigation, and are ready to make the re-
port. I desire, also, to say, in this connection,
that the report has been unanimously agreed to
by the committee.
"Mr BOCOCK. I would suggest to the gentle-
man from Illinois whether, under all the circum-
stances of the case, it is not better for him to Sub-
mit his report, and let it be printed, and let us all
have an opportunity to examine it. In the mean
time, we can go on with the special order which
the gentleman from Iowa has in charge. Is it
not premature at this time to debate the report ?
In fact, has the gentleman from Illinois the right,
under the order of the House, to debate it?
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I merely wish to
say , in reply to the honorable gentleman from Vir-
ginia, that I have not yet submitted the report.
I have not said one word in regard to its merits.
But I did say that the report was unanimously
agreed to by the committee. I wish also to say,
in behalf of the committee, that in our prosecu-
tion of this investigation we have endeavored to
economize both in time and money, and that the
whole expenses incurred will be about 11,750.
Mr._HA.SKIN. Will the gentleman from Illi-
nois yield to me for a moment?
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. Yes, sir.
Mr. CURTIS. I object to the gentleman yield-
ing the floor to any one.
Mr SICKLES. I object to anybody taking the
floor on this subject, except the gentleman from
Illinois. I suggest to him that he make his report
the special order for some time that may be con-
venient to himself.
Mr. HASKIN. I desire to say that as the
making of this report 
Mr. BURNETT. I rise to a question of order.
The gentleman from Illinois cannot yield the floor,
because he only has it himself for the purpose of
submitting his report.
The SPEAKER. The Chair should like to
know whether the gentleman from Illinois intends
to send up his report?
Mr. HASKIN. The gentleman from Illinois
has yielded the floor to me.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. The gentleman from
Iowa will allow mo to send up the report. As I
before remarked, there seems to be some disin-
clination to receive it.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I hope the report will be
received and read.
Mr. HASKIN. I ask for the reading of the
report. It will explain to the country the causes
that have induced the Secretary of the Treasury
to send in the letter which was read here this
morning. It is the most important report made
to Congress at this or any other session; and I
hope it will be read. [Calls to order.]
I insist that the report shall be read. It has
been handed up to the Clerk's table; and, as a
member of this body, I have a right to have it
read.
Mr. CURTIS. I hope the House will be
brought to order, so that we can proceed with
business.
Mr. HASKIN. I call for the reading of the
special report.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. At the suggestion
of several members near me, I shall not submit
the report, unless it be read to the House. Many
members are desirous of hearing it read; and I
hope the gentleman from Iowa will not press his
objection.
Mr. PHELPS. How long will the reading of
the report occupy ?
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. About a three quar-
ters of an hour.
Mr. HASKIN. I insist on the reading of the
report. It proves the necessity of passing the bill
which was offered to be introduced this morning
by the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means; and exposes the reason why the Treas-
ury is empty. I insist that I have a right, as a
member of this House, to hear the report read.
The report was made the special order for to-day
at one o'clock. I am surprised that gentlemen
should be opposed to having this information con-
veyed to the country.
The SPEAKER. There is a special order in
advance of this one; and when that is disposed
of this will come up, and the report can be read.
Mr. HASKIN. I do not propose that the re-
portshall be considered now; but! propose to have
it read from the Clerk's desk for information.
[Calls to order.]
Mr. SICKLES. I rise to a point of order.
Mr. HASKIN. Let the report be read.
The. SPEAKER. The Chair decides that the
geutlumau is not entitled to have it read now.
