290
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 4,
36th Con6....2d Sess.
Isthmus of Ghiriqui—Mr. Morse.
Ho. of Keps.
or other ships of war, and also for the use of the
Pacific squadron, after the construction of a rail-
road across the Isthmus of Chiritjui, the Govern-
ment paying only the costof mining the coal, and
ten cents- per ton to the province of Chiriqui; sec-
ond; the perpetual lease and conveyance to the
United'States, of land on the shore of the harbor
of Golfito, on the Pacific, and on the Chiriqui
lagoon, on the Atlantic, for naval storehouses,
coal depots, &c.; third, the right of way, free of
tolls, for troops, munitions of war, &c., over the
company's road, from harbor to harbor, across
the Isthmus, with the consent of New Granada.
These are the three advantages ceded to the Uni-
ted "States; to which I shall ask the attention of
the committee in their order.
The first question to be considered is the title of
this Chiriqui Company to the rights and privi-
leges which they propose to convey to the United
States. Tliese.rights are held under three sepa-
rate grants from the province of Chiriqui, which,
under the constitution and laws of New Granada,
had a full and complete right to make the convey-
ance. The first was the coal and land grant, con-
veying to Morel! & Co. all the coal in the harbor
and on the shores of the Chiriqui lagoon and on
the Changuenola river. The next was the right
to build a turnpike road from the lagoon to the
City of David, about eighteen miles south and east
of Golfito; and the last, the grant to a large tract
of land around the harbor of Golfito, and extending
back to the Cordillera mountains. The validity
of these titles has been admitted by all branches
of the Government of New Granada—her execu-
tive, legislative, and judicial departments. Two
of her attorney generals, with the district attorney
of the province of Chiriqui, have certified to their
soundness and binding etfect. The Attorney Gen-
eral of the United States has carefully looked into
the whole question, with the original deeds of ces-
sion in both Spanish and English before him, and
has given a written opinion that the titles are good
and binding on New Granada; and last, but not
least, the minister of New Granada to the United
States—General Herran—has given his full and
unconditional indorsement to the entire soundness
and legality of Thompson's titles and rights 111 the
property he claims in the Republic of New Gra-
nada. He declares " that the aforesaid documents
(referring to the grants or titles) are authentic,,
and as such arc entitled to full faith and credit;"
"that the titles to the lands granted are regulated
by Granadian legislation; and in order to have
granted the titles to the cnal mines above men-
tioned, they have observed the formalities pro-
scribed by the Granadian code;" " that the pro-
vincial Legislature of Chiriqui had full power to
make the grants of land, and such privileges as
those made in favor of Mr. Thompson; and the
Governorot* the province had power to grant titles
to tho mines in the form in which they were
granted." After these references and citations I
shall assume that the question of title is not asub-
jeet for controversy. It is properly asubject for
the executive department of the Government to
settle, and not to be passed upon amidst the
confusion, inattention, and indifference of this
House.
Of the rights secured to the United States by
the contract now before the House for approval,
I attach far the most immediate and direct value
to the coal contract, though the indirect advant-
ages in securing and aiding a commercial route
between the Atlantic and Pacific will, in the end,
be found of the greatest value and importance to
the whole country. These coal mines are very
favorably located. They are in tho center of a
continent, on the shores and islands of a harbor
that has no superior, if an equal, in the whole range
of commerce. It is in a latitude where our ships
of war are frequently passing and repassing, and
whereit will be convenient for our Gulf squadron
to receive its supplies. It is on tho shores of an
isthmus of only sixty miles in width, which di-
vides the Atlantic and Pacific oceans, and across
which, before many years, the wants of commerce
will force a railroad; and unite two of tho best
deep water harbors on the globe. By means of
this railroad, when completed, our Pacific squad-
ron can be supplied with coal for about one. third
its present eost.
Ill-Oat-home or Gulf squadron we had last year
six steamers, of which one was a frigate, and one
a sloop-of-war. These vessels, under steam, con-
sume about ninety tons of coal per day, the cost
and freight on which has averaged , for the last ten
years, $11 60 per ton. Then there is the handling,
storage, and other charges, which will carry it up
to about fourteen dollars per ton. Much of the
supply for the Brazilian squadron could also be
obtained at Chiriqui; and after this harbor is con-
nected with Golfito by railroad, the entire Pacific
and East India squadrons, in which there are now
ten war steamers, which must consume over fif-
teen thousand tons of coal annually, can be sup-
plied from these mines at about one half the pres-
ent cost. It must also be borne in mind that our
war steamers are necessarily 011 the increase, and
the expense of supplying them with fuel will in-
crease as our steam tonnage increases. The ap-
propriation last year for coal for the use of the
Navy was $800,000. The quantity estimated for
tho Gulf squadron last year alone was ten thou-
sand three hundred and fifty tons, which, delivered
on board of our steamers at fourteen dollars per
ton, would make the expense of fuel for this
squadron amount to $144,900 per annum. Now,
sir, if only this Gulf squadron could be supplied
I from Chiriqui, under contract with the Improve-
' ment Company, more than half this sum can be
saved annually, and the whole $300,000 reim-
bursed to the Government in less than five years
from the saving of supplies to this squadron alone,
to say nothing of the amount which could bp sup-
plied to the Brazilian, Pacific, and East India
squadrons at an equally reduced rate.
But, Mr. Chairman, we are now told by the
gentlemen fi om Missouri [Mr. Piiei.ps] and New
York [Mr. Pottle] that we can buy their coal
just as cheap—that is, for its mining expense
merely—111 small quantities, as we want it, after
the company gets Us mines in working order,
and that " this great Government is only buying
a privilege to mine coal." Is this sound argu-
ment, or is it bare assertion, in violation of the
laws of political economy and the laws which gov-
ern man's selfish nature ? The Chiriqui company
will have a monopoly of coal mined 111 that lati-
tude, and must be more than human if they do not
charge nearly the same price for it that it will cost
to place coal there from a distance of over two
thousand miles. Such an idea needs only to be
stated to make its fallacy clearly visible. Besides,
sir, tho amendment which I have proposed will
make it tho duty of the President to see that a spe-
cific contract is entered into with this company
for the delivery of coal, fixing the mining price,
and the cost and terms of delivery. The execu-
tive department is to " establish such rules and
regulations" to govern tho whole operations un-
der the " conditional contract" as will give per-
fe* security to the Government. Before a single
dollar is paid outof the Treasury, a contract must
be entered into, and guarantees given that coal
will be delivered at a stipulated price—such a price
as will make a saving of at least six or seven dol-
lars on every ton of coal delivered.
This Government sent a commission to Chiri-
qui last fall, under the command of Commodore
Engle, consisting of a geologist, a topographical
and hydrographic engineer, to examine the coal
beds and survey the harbors, and to repott on
the practicability of a railroad route from the
lagoon to the Golfito. The report of this com-
mission is now before the House; and the geol-
ogist, Dr. Evans, reports that the coal is in and
near the harbor, easy of access, very abundant
in quantity, and of a quality equal to any of its
kind yet discovered on this continent. The an-
alysis of the coal brought from the different
coal beds of Chiriqui by Dr. Jackson and other
scientific men, make it a first class coal. I think
I now, sir, the question of quality and quantity is
■ placed beyond a doubt—that is, to all minds except
; to those that are determinedly closed to all light
; on this subject, and persist in believing every
absurd and groundless story that is put afloat by
Us enemies for some selfish purpose.
But my friend from New York [Mr. Pottle]
complains that none of the coal beds are, on the
; lands proposed to be leased to the Government
■ for coal and naval depots, but six miles distant.
, This certainly was not contemplated by the con-
1 tract, and is by no means desirable. We do not
desire that the Government should go to mining
coal,and therefore prefer that the coal beds should
be at a convenient distance from the naval and eoal
depot. Coal beds upon the islands of the lagoon,
and on the banks of the Changuenola river, only
six miles from the shippers'piers, and located so
favorably as to be taken on to scows with only
six miles of transportation, is certainly very con-
venient and favorable to economy. It is very rare
that coal beds of fine quality are found so near a
Flace of shipment, and on navigable waters, too.
cannot recall a single example of so favorable a
location. It is nearly all that can be desired in
this respect.
Mr. POTTLE. "Will the gentleman permit me
to ask him a question ?
Mr. MORSE. Certainly, sir.
Mr. POTTLE. The geologist, in his report,
states that he was saved much trouble because of
the information furnished by Mr. Morell; and I
would ask the gentleman from Maine if Mr.
Morell was not a member of the Chiriqui Improve-
ment Company ?
Mr. MORSE. I think the gentleman has mis-
apprehended the report, if he thinks any one but
the geologist of the expedition, Dr. Evans, has
had anything to do with making it up. 1 do not
know anything about Mr. Morell, what relation
he bears to the company, or the extent to which
the geologist was indebted to him for his knowl-
j edge of the localities of the coal beds, nor can I
perceive how the solution of such a question would
affect the case one way or the other; but this 1 do
know: that Dr. Evans has been in the Govern-
ment service as a surveyor and geologist for about
fifteen years, and was selected because of his ex-
perience and competency to go on such an expe-
dition and satisfactorily accomplish the work he
was sent to perform. 1-Iis report certainly shown
that he depended on no unreliable or second-hand
information; but that, like a faithful agent, he sur-
veyed and examined for himself. He had a Scotch
miner with him, and thoroughly examined and
surveyed the coal beds, and informed himself
thoroughly of their quality and quantity. His
report is the result of his own observation, of his
own explorations and experiments.
Mr. POTTLE. Will the gentleman permit me
to interrupt him a moment?
Mr. MORSE. To ask any question pertinent
to the caso.
Mr. POTTLE. I wish to read the sentence
from the report to which I referred. The report
says:
"Mr. Morell accompanied me to the coal localities; and
but lor his information, it would have requueil a much
iongei time to complete the examination than was placed
at my
Mr. MORSE. I have listened attentively to
what the gentleman has read from the report, but
cannot understand how it has tho slightest bear-
ing on the question at issue, one way or the other,
and do not comprehend the motive for which it
was read. What does it show? Nothing, cer-
tainly, to weaken our confidence in any part of
the report, or that the geologist was, in the slight-
est degree, unfaithful in his duty. It only shows
that he saved time in having a guide who knew
all "the localities of the mines; that is all. Mr.
Morell was the first man who went through the
prescribed forms necessary to obtain titles to this
class of mines in New Granada; the fiist man
who, in the language of that country, denounced'*
the mines, and thereby secured the privilege of
working them. He was, of course, familiar with
their localities. Now, what did the geologist do ?
Just what any other sensible man would do under
like circumstances. He got Mr. Morell to show
him where the mines weic located, thus saving
himself the time and labor of prospecting all over
the country to find them. If my friend from New
York has made out anything, it is that the geolo-
gist, who had never before been within hundreds
of miles of the mines, and did not know where
they were, obtained the services of a competent
guide. If there is anything wrong in this, it lays
too far out of view for my vision to reach.
! It is true that Mr. Morell first secured titles to
these coal mines and large tract of land lying
around the lagoon, on its islands, and running
back to the Cordilleras. His grants or titles to
these mines and lands were transferred to the
