1861.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
291
36th Cong....2d Sess.
Isthmus of Chiriqui—Mr. Morse.
Ho. 03? Reps.
Chiriqui company, and are entirely distinct from,
and independent of, the road grant afterwards
made to Thompson, and from the land grants
made to Agnew around the Golfito on the Pacific,
and transferred to Thompson. These three grants
were obtained at different times, by different par-
ties, each standing on its own individual merits,
and entirely disconnected, one from the other,
until they were all transferred to the Chiriqui
company. But I have already dwelt too long on
this point of the case, and will pass to others.
The next direct advantage secured to the Gov-
ernment by this contract is a good and convenient
location, in a secure harbor, for a naval depot, a
thing very much needed in that geographical po-
sition. It is about two thousand miles from New
York, and at a very convenient point for the es-
tablishment of a naval depot for the home squad-
ron, and such other national vessels as may find
it convenient to touch there. We now keep a
storeship at Aspinwall, over two hundred miles
south and east of Chiriqui. In this storeship,and
on the shore there, we have now over two thou-
sand tons of coal, for the use of our naval ships.
If our naval depot were on one of the fine harbors
of the lagoon, this storeship might be brought
home and put to some other use, and the expense
of keeping her there saved. We are obliged to
have these coal stations in all parts of the world
where our -snips of war are stationed. We have
seven coal stations on this continent outside of the
tJnited States, beside having them in India, China,
Africa,and the Sandwich Islands; but those con-
templated at Chiriqui and Golfito will be far more
important than the rest, because they will be on
line harbors, in central positions, which before
long will become important commercial positions
when the two harbors become connected by a com-
mercial transit across the Isthmus. When this
connection takes place, these two harbors—the
Chiriqui lagoon on the Atlantic, and Golfito on
the Pacific—will become of great importance to all
commercial nations; for on their waters will con-
centrate and float in security a large commercial
marine, bearing the flags of all maritime nations,
and exchanging the products of the countries
which lie around the two greatoceans of our globe.
Who, then, so unwisely timid, so economically
prudent, as to doubt the propriety and wisdom of
securing for our country now, while the door is
open to us, titles or perpetual leases to lands for
naval depots, and a perpetual supply of coal for
our steam ships of war in localities so desirable
and so soon to become of such great commercial
importance ?
But, says the gentleman from Missouri, [Mr.
Phelps,] and others, we cannot hold land in a
foreign country. It is true, the law of nations
would not uphold us in taking and holding it
against the consent of New Granada; nor do we
propose to do any such thing. We only propose
to take it with the consent of that Republic; we
propose to acquire a right from the Chiriqui com-
pany. and then leave to hold from the sovereign
power of the country, which is always granted
as an act of comity between nations, for certain
specified purposes. Should New Granada object
to our taking an absolute fee in the soil for a cer-
tain specified purpose, then we can have the per-
petual use from the Chiriqui Company of what
land may be necessary for naval purposes, on the
shores of those harbors, which will be nearly, or
quite, the same thing to us. For these reasons,
the objection seems to me unsound, and without
foundation, made more in the spirit of caviling,
like men groping about for weapons of attack,
than in the spiritof just and fair argument.
I come now, Mr. Chairman, to the old Goro-
ma road grant. 1 differ with some ol the advo-
cates of this measure m reference to the extent
of this road grant. Whatever construction others
may put upon it, my own opinion is, that the
parties had not a railroad grant m view when the
grant was made. The icason why it was not
given was not because the province of Cniriqiu
which then had full power to make a railroad
grant across the Isthmus—was unwilling to se-
cure a transit route by rail across her territory,
but because the route was almost unknown, had
never been surveyed, to their knowledge had
never been looked at in reference to the construc-
tion of a railroad; and it had not then occurred to
either party that such a road could connect two
of the finest harbors on the continent, located on
the shores of two great oceans. Therefore, they
provided for a mode of connection second only
to that of railroad—a good, solid, macadamized
road, over which freight and passengers could be
transported by "wheeled vehicles."
But, sir, I attach but little importance to this
Goroma road grant. Although Mr. Thompson
has spent considerable money there, in the ful-
fillment of his contract, by cutting out and grad-
ing this road, a railroad will never be located
over it. That is not the favorable point for the
location of a railroad; and whatever advantage
that road grant may be to the company, it will be
of but little utility to the commerce seeking transit
from sea to sea, because that commerce demands
something more for its transportation than express
and freight wagons, drawn by horses or mules.
And yet, as unimportant as this branch of the
question is, gentlemen argue it as though they
thought this the main and only important ques-
tion in the case upon which the whole " Chiriqui
question " turns. They tell us,as though it were
fatal to the whole question, that the grant from
Chiriqui to Thompson prohibits him from con-
veying this road grant to any foreign Government.
Very true; I do not know that 1 have heard that
disputed, or that any man anywhere proposes, or
has proposed, to violate, even in spirit, that arti-
cle in the road grant. Certainly, the contract be-
tween Mr. Thompson and this Government con-
templatesno such violation. Itsnrrendersnothing
to the Government by the confirmation of the con-
ditional contract, and we shall acquire no right in,
or control over, the road. It only gets the priv-
ilege of conveying tioopsand munitions of war
over a turnpike road free of tolls—that is all;
and that only after the consent of New Granada
is obtained.
But gentlemen object further that neither this
privilege in the Chiriqui road grant, or Costa Rica
railroad grant, is of any value, because those
grants both forbid the transportation of foreign
troops or munitions of war over the roads. Very
true, again. Both grants do contain such prohi-
bition; but these prohibitions forbid nothing that
the company had a right to do, for it would have
no such right if the prohibition were not there.
The iaw of nations forbids one nation from trans-
porting troops or munitions of war over the ter-
ritory of another nation, unless the consent of
that other nation is first obtained. These pro-
hibitions, then, amount to only this: that in these
cases the law of nations shall be observed and
obeyed. When the United States want to use any
road in a foreign country for the transportation
of troops or munitions of war, they will have to
treat with two parties: first, with the party hold-
ing the means of transportation, the owneis* of
the road; and next, with the Government of the
country where the road is located.
This conditional contract treats with the road
owners, and the next step will be to get the con-
sent, by treaty, of New Granada to use the privi-
leges acquired by (his contract. There is nothing
in this varying from precedent, law, and universal
custom. Two parties, transportation companies
and the Governments where roads are located,
always have to be dealt wilh in such eases. Then,
why do gentlemen complain that they cannot ob-
tain favors by this contract never befoie granted
anywhere in similar cases, and which cannot be
granted without a violation of the law of nations
Gentlemen must remember, that the nations of
Central America are small both in territory and
population, of very limited resources in the power
of self-defense. It has been much agitated and in-
jured by fdlibusters from our own country; and
it is not strange that they should be prudent and
guarded against the admission of foreign troops
to their temtory. While we, as a friendly nation,
should have no trouble in securing by treaty the
transit of troops over this or any other road, it is
right that they should hold what check they can
against the admission of marauders to their coun-
try. If there be any country ill the world which
ought to exercise more caution in this particular
than any other, that country is Centra! Ameiica,
and it is wisdom in her to insert these careful
exclusions m all her grants to transit or any other
routes. We had to take precisely this course to
secure military transportation across the Panama
road. We had to treat with the road company
fiffit, and then witli the Government, before the
right was secured.
Now, sir, I hope those gentlemen who have
dwelt with such peculiar unction on this imaginary
difficxilty, as though they had made a disco.yery
and a development that would astound the advo-
cates of this measure and prove fatal to it, will
lay aside their alarm, whether real or pretended,
and rest assured that after such an unusual dis-
play of astuteness they have only discovered
what all who have read these grants before knew,
that a well-known rule of international law had
been incorporated into these grants merely, if
possible, to give that rule additional force in these
cases.
To give, ifpossible, additional security to those
feeble States, and to induce them to place confi-
dence in the honor and good faith of this Govern-
ment in this transaction, the amendment which I
have offered to the Senate amendment provides,
among other things, that no right of property in
soil for naval depots shall be acquired in New
Granadaby the United States without the consent
of that Republic; nor shall troops or munitions of
war be carried over this contemplated road until
after her consent and sanction is first obtained.
Thus, I propose to incorporate into a taw the
very principle which thegentleman from Missouri
[Mr. Phelps] and the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Pottle] so strenously objected to, because
it is in harmony with the law of nations, of jus-
tice, and the usage of civilized society. My
amendmentprotects the Government by requiring
the executive department to make all necessary
rules and regulations for carrying into effect the
"conditional contract," more especially the con-
tract with the Chiriqui company for the delivery
of coal at the Government depots at stipulated
prices.
But, Mr. Chairman, the Committee on Naval
Affairs thought they saw in the future that far
greater advantages to the country were to grow
out of this measure than a cheap supply of coal
and the establishment of convenient naval Repots.
If the commercial bearing of the question is not
here appreciated, the time is not far distant when
it will be; for the mantime nations of the earth
will soon require, and secure, too, a commercial
transit across the Isthmus of Central America, in
spite of all obstacles. The location and configu-
ration of this continent, extending from the Arctic
nearly up to the Antarctic circle—from the ever-
frozen North to the cape of storms, in 56° of south
latitude, obstructing the trade and commerce be-
tween the two great oceans of the earth, demand
an entrance to the Pacific by some other route
than by the passage round Cape Horn. A ship
going "from New York to San Francisco has to
sail through nearly two hundred degrees of lati-
tude, and one hundred and twenty degrees of
longitude, and sail a distance of about eighteen
thousand miles. There is no way to avoid this
but by a transit, from sea to sea, across the Isth-
mus of Central America.
We thought, considering the trade which was
rapidly springing up between those two seas, and
the prospective trade, it was of some interest that
Americans, at least, should obtain whatever fa-
cilities theie might be for crossing the continent
at the most favorable point, and uniting those two
seas by a transit route. They considered it im-
portant enough to enlist the attention of the Amer-
ican Congress in this progressive age. Our im-
ports from China and British India last year
amounted to §34,000,000, while our exports did
not run to §15,000,000. The trade with China
and British India amounts to nearly fifty million
dollars annually; and that, too, mostly in those
kinds of articles which would not seek a passage
round Cape Horn, if we had a commercial route
across the Isthmus. So also is the trade rapidly
increasing with all theportsupon thePacifie ocean,
not only our own, but those which belong to other
countries—in all Polynesia, Japan, Australia,
China, India, &c. Ail these facts address them-
selves to us as statesmen, and demand that we
should look to provide for the future, the coming
trade and commerce pt" the country, and not sit
down here, with fixed ideas and antiquated no-
tions, and, under the influence of prejudice, de-
