1801.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
875
of the stocks held in trust by the head of the Department
fur the benefit of the Indians, collect the interest thereon
as it may become duo, and see that the same is properly
p's id into the public Treasury." A bond was required oflum,
winch he subsequently executed, in the penal sum ofS5,0C0
with Benjamin McCullough, oi Texas, and Wm. C. Cor-
ner, of Charleston, South Caiolina, as securities. This
bond was acknowledged before Moses Kelly, justice of the
peace, and its sufficiency certified to by Philip Barton Key,
United States district attorney. It was then uppioved by
J. Thompson. Copies of the appointment and bond will
he found among the accompanying documents. The evi-
dence shows that Mr. Dailey came to Washington a bank-
lupt in fortune, and apolitical adventurer seeking office.
He btought with him, however, the highest testimonials of
confidence and respect from vaiious distinguished men m
Alabama, vvheie he lived, and m South Carolina, where he
was born, and had previously resided. Being a man of
acknowledged talents, with these evidences of capacity
mui i espcctabihty, wc are not surprised that the Sccietary
of the Inteuor reposed confidence in him. While he
should, perhaps, have exeicised a more watchful guardian-
ship over the stocks, and the movements of his subordi-
nates, it cannot bo inferred that he was intentionally negli-
gent of his duty. Any other public functionary might have
been deceived in the same way.
the abstracted bonds.
All the stocks, including those that were abstiacted, were
kept in the room in the interior Department occupied by
Mr. Bailey, in a safe, the key of which was in his sole pos-
session. The accompanying extract, marked
show the character and respective amounts of the abstracted
bonds, as well a<? the States by which they were issued,
except in this—that the whole amount, as shown by said
abstract, is eight huudred and seventy-two, of §1,000 each,
when, in fact, Mr. Bailey delivered to Mr. William II. Rus-
sell eight hundred and seventy only. One of the other two
is accounted tor by the correspondence between Mr. Fitch
and Mi. Bailey, already rul'eried to. The reason why the
remaining one is embraced in the abstract, and was included
in the published list, is explained by the evidence of Mr.
Hem y Beaid, the faithful custodian of the bonds under Sec-
ietary McClelland.
Mr. Beaid says, "in the advertisement, eight hundred
and seventy-one bonds were embraced. The Indian bond
handed to Mr. Fitch, as stated, was not embraced. It oc-
curred in this way: it needed only one hundred and forty-
thiec Tennessee bonds to complete the eight hundred and
seventy missing; but our office book, or hst ot bonds, as
prepared by Bailey, indicated one hundred and forty-lour
as missing. The Secretaiy directed us to include all the
one hundred and forty-tour, as at that time some uncertainty
was felt whether there might not be moie than eight hun-
dred and seventy missing. The advertisement vvtn pre-
pared in haste, and befoic the full investigation by Mr. Lam-
mond, Mr. Williamson, and myself was completed."
To avoid the inconvenience ot leferring to abstract " B,"
your committee will state that ninety-nine of these bonds
were issued by the State of Missouri for the St. Louis and
Iron Mountain railroad, ninety by the same State for the
Hannibal and St. Joseph road, one hundred and thirty for
the North Missouri road, fifty-one for the Missouri Pacific
road ; seventy-two by the State of North Carolina, dated
Januaiy, 1856; one huudred and four by the same State,
dated July, 1S57; one hundred and nineteen by the same
State, dated Januaiy, 1857; forty-five by the same State,
dated October, 1 bofj; two by the same Stare, dated April,
1857; fifteen by the panic State, dated October, 185/; four-
teen by the State of Tennessee, dated January, 1852; five
of the same State, dated January, 1854; ten of the same
State, dated Januaiy, 1855; forty by the same State, dated
Januaiy, IftoHj and seventy-live by the same State, dated
January, 1857.
Some dilliculty occurred m the identification of the North
Carolina bonds. Several witnesses stated that they held
bonds whose numbers coiresponded with those given in a
printed list, and as they had been held by themselves, or
those (torn whom they obtained theui, long before those, in
the Inteuor Department were abstracted, they mfenod that
the h*t was mcoirect. Thesoluuonof the difficulty or mis-
understanding may be found in this: the State of Noith
Caioh.ia issued bonds to aid in various enterprises, and
these were divided into ela<?«es, each class hearing a differ-
ent date, yet having a precisely similar series of numbers.
A party might, therefoie, hold a boud whose number coi-
responded with a numbci on the printed list, but the bonds
would not be identical, because belonging to separate
classes, designated by different dates. There seems to have
been no cause for similar mistakes in l eference to the bonds
issued by other States.
negotiations between mr. russell and mp.. bailey.
William U. Russell is the head of the house of Russell,
Majors & Waddell, a firm widely known as contractors
Willi the Wai Department for tiaiisporting Army provisions
over the western and southwestern plains. Mr. Russell
stated to the committee that he had heard in New York of
such a man as Mr. Bailey, although he did not exactly re-
member his name, who had been in that city to sell Chi-
uqm seem iues and Florida bonds, the lattei for Mr. Yulee,
a Senator from that State. When asked from whom he re-
ceived Jus information, he gave the answer usually lesorted
to in Mich e.if-os, namely • he could not remember. The
next heard of Mi. Russell is, that he is on his way from New
York to Washington, in company with Luke Lea, Esq., a
bauKer in the lat'.et city. Mr. Lea was formerly Comnus-
sionci of Indian Aflaiis., and is a partner of Mr. Russell in
the banking business at Leavenworth, Kansas.
In a conversation that ensued between them, Mr. Russell
made known to Mr. Lea his embairassed ciictim^tance1-,
and asked if he (Mr. Lea) did not know of fome one that
could asbist him, (Mr. Russell.) Mr. Lea answcied m the
negative, ile states m his testnnoin that Mr. llus&ell sug-
gested that he had heard of a man in Washington, by the
name oi Bailoi or Uaitey. who was a relation of Governor
rio>d, and an agent foi'ihe negotiation or sale of stocks,
and a-sked ins mend if he knew h:m. Mi. Lea was again
compelled to give a negative icply, but stated that lie know
a man there by the name of Bailey ■, and Mr. Russell said
that he supposed that he was the man of whom he was in
search.
It is very evident, from Mr. Lea's examination, that lie
was both an artful and unwilling witness. He had to be
pressed with great pertinacity to induce him to disclose
what he knew, and even then his answers weie so inter-
spersed with iirelevantand equivocal remarks,designed to
lelicve him from sunpicion of complicity, that your com-
mittee are compelled reluctantly to notice the ab&ence of
the candor and frankness that they might reasonably ex-
pect to find in his responses. lie was compelled, however,
to say that he informed Mr. Russell that Mr. Bailey was in
no condition to assist him; that he had no stocks or money,
"and was as poor as anybody.55 Befoie separating, Mr.
Russell, seeming still to believe that, aid might be obtained in
the quarter indicated, requested Mr. Lea to see Mr. Bailey
in regard to the matter. Mr. Lea complied with this re-
quest, and stated to Mr. Bailey that Hi. Russell had said,
unless assistance was rendered, the acceptances of Gov-
ernor Floyd would be protested, and he would be compelled
to ictire from the Cabinet. Mr. Lea is, however, careful
to state in his evidence, that he gave no intimation to Mr.
Bailey that he might use the stocks he had in his charge be-
longing to the Indian trust fund. Mr. C. G. Wagner, who
is nearly related to Mr. Bailey, and in whose hands was
first placed Ins confession, states, in lus evidence, given,
your committee are pleased to say, with full and honorable
frankness, that lie learned fiom Mr. Bailey that Mr. Lea did
mention the stocks in the conversation between them. And
indeed this would naturally be inferred, from the fact that
Mr. Lea was perfectly familiar with the business of theDe-
paitment, and knew that Mr. Bailey had the stocks in
charge, and had no large command of private means. Mr.
Lea admits that after the delivery of the first installment of
bonds to Mr. Russell, he knew that Mr. Russell and Mr.
Bailey weie engaged in rifling the Indian trust safe; that
they so confessed to him; that he had conversations with
them on the subject, and that he cndeavoied to dissuade
them fiom fuither commissions of the crime.
He also states that he refrained Aoin informing the Sec-
retary of the Interior of the transactions referred to, and
that he exacted the most solemn pledges from his two
friends lhat ius name should never be publicly known m
connection with the business. But Ins precautions have
not availed to alibid him entire exemption fiom responsi-
bility in conncction with the tiansaetions your committee
have inquiied into. Mr. Lea did not intioducc Mr. Bailey
to Mr. Resell, noi does he state that he appointed for them
a place ot meeting; yet it happened that these two per-
sons did meet at the JVar Department on the same day that
the interview between Mr. Lea and Mr. Bailey occuired.
Mr. Eusseif says tins was between the I2th and loth days
of last July. It was probably on the 13th day of that
mouth. The chief clerk of the War Department, Secre-
taiy Floyd's most intimate friend, Colonel W. 11. Drinkard,
was the medium through whom the introduction took place.
On that day they had their first interview at the War De-
partment. Colonel Drinkard, as shown by his own evi-
dence, impressed Mr. Bailey with the belief that Mr. Rus-
sell was a gentleman of great respectabilityand pecuniary
resources, and that, if the acccptances of the Secretary of
War were allowed to go to protest, he (the Secretary)
"would be greatly agonized and disturbed/' Messrs. Russell
and Baiieyheld a private interview in the third story of the
Department, and, witlun a tewhouis thereafter,Mr. Bailey
delivered to Mr. Russell $lf>0,000 ot bonds, at the room of
the latter person, m Washington city, and, on the same
evening, the recipient icturned with ihein to New York.
Mr. Russell states that he left with Mr. Bailey one note of
Russell, Majors & Waddell in their stead, as seeuiity.
Ninety of these one hundred and fifty bonds were Mis-
souiis, and flic rest Tennessee's. Mi. Russell does not re,-
collect, at first, whether or not the Januaiy coupons were
on the bonds ; but states that, subsequently, the most of
the bonds were letued by him, in order to obtain those
coupons to return to Mr. Bailey, as he (Bailey) was posi-
tive m his lequofct to have them icturned. These cou-
pons having been taken off, the bonds were afterwards
disposed of. The object was, of course, to conceal the
fiaud; for, if the coupons were on hand, it was not prob-
able that the bonds would be demanded or inquired for.
Aeeoidmg to the statement of Mr. Russell, there was no
further correspondence oi communication between Mr.
Bailey and himself until the September following. At that
time he returned to Washington for the purpose of obtain-
ing otheis. An aiteiview was held with Mr. Bailey, the
result of which was, that tbiee hundred and eighty-seven
bonds, in addition to those fust taken, were tiansterred to
Mr. Russell on the following day. The protection of the
honor of Secretary Floyd, the necessity of providing foi the
other acceptances and the bonds previously delivered, and
which weie alleged to have been hypothecated, weie as-
signed as the reasons fot requiting fiutbei assistance. In
this, as m the fir^t instance, the paper of Russell, Majors &
Waddell was left as security. Mr. Ku^sell states that at this
conference Mr. Bailey liist mtoimed him that the bonds in
his possession belonged to the Indian tin-ti'und It was
the agt cement that the bonds first taken -should be returned
within ninety days; but at the second interview, the time
was extended to the 4rh of Match, 1861.
in October, Mr. Russell icturned the South Carolinaand
Florida bonds, one handled and lbriy or fifry in number,
having ascertained that he couid not negotiate them, and
North Carolina bonds were substituted m their stead. Mr.
Russell again appeared in Washington in Decemberfollow-
mg, and on the grounds so successfully iciied upon before,
namely: the protection of the War Depaitinent fiom dis-
grace, and the bonds pieviou-ly taken fiom saciifice, he
was enabled to obtain from Mr. Bailey thiee hundred and
thirty-three bonds, as an additional advance, making tne
entile number abstracted eight hundicdand -evenly. From
the bonds obtained on the seeond and third occasions, al-
ready lefei red to, it is evident the Januaiy con pons weie cut
oii', as a precaution against detection. Nine Tennessee cou-
pons, belonging to other bonds than tho-,'> ab-traeted, were
i"tmned by Mr. Russell, doubtless because the abstiactcd
bunds had passed beyond his teach. Tiie tiaiitjcuun last
referred to appears to have closed the business relations
of these two persons, so far, at least, as they related to the
abstraction of bonds
MR. BAILEY}S MOTIVES FOR TAKING THE BONDS.
Why Mr. Bailey abstracted the bonds is, a question, to
which your committee,can present no satisfactory answer-
As he and Mr. Ru&seli were entire strangers previously to
to their meeting at the War Department, neither the obli-
gations of friendship nor the suggestions of kindly feeling
seem to have prompted the act. Mr. Russell insists that
no money or other valuable consideration ever passed to
Mr. Bailey, or, indeed, was ever mentioned in their inter-
views. Mr. Bailey confirms this statement in various com-
munications which have reached your committee. It is
not ascertained, either, that Mr. Bailey came suddenly into
the possession of any large amounts of money. His bank
account was kept with Messrs. Riggs & Co., of Washing-
ton city, and Mr. Riggs testifies that between July and the
13th of December, his deposits increased largely over for-
mer ones; but amounted in the aggregate to not more than
five or six thousand dollars. It is true that this sum is a
large one to be in the possession of a person whose salary
was but $2,000 per annum, and who was supporting a fam-
ily ; yet it would not, of itself, constitute agiound forgrave
suspicion, or afford a clew to the discovery of the purposes
of tlie abstractor.
Mr. Bailey, in his conversations with various witnesses,
stated that his desigii was to protect the character of Gov-
ernor Floyd, and to save him from the dishonor and retire-
ment from the Cabinet that would be necessarily incident
to the protest and discovery of the acceptances which had
been illegally issued to the firm of Russell, Majors &
Waddell. Whether this consideration was the sble motive
of his conduct, it is left to the House to determine. Your
committee are, however, constrained to express the con-
viction that behind the events that have been made con-
spicuous, and beneath the exterior of the transactions that
have been de*cribed, is a purpose which, although success-
fully hidden, was none the less powerful and efficient, and
has given unity and vitality to the schemes now partially
exposed.
sir. bailey's confession.
A part of the evidence adduced is found in a communi-
cation from Mr. Bailey, dated December 1, I860, and ad-
dressed to Hon. Jacob Thompson, Secretary of the Interior,
containing a statement that a portion of the bonds consti-
tuting the Indian trust fund, amounting to $S70,000, were
no longer in his possession. This confession was, on the
13th of December, placed in the hands of Mr. YVagner,
with the request that it should be deliveied to the Sccie-
taiy of the Interior five days before the expiration of his
term of officc ; or, as Mr. Warner understood it, five days
before the 4th of March. On the 20th of the same month,
Mr. Bailey addressed a note to Mr. Wagner, requesting that
the note previously committed to him (Mr. Wagner) should
be given to the Secretary of the Interior immediately upon
his return from North Carolina. Mr. Thompson arrived on
the afternoon of the 22d of December.
On the evening of that day the acceptances issued by the
War Department, and the receipt given for the bonds by
Mr. Russell, were handed to Mr. Thompson, at the office
of the President, in the Executive mansion, by Hon. II. M.
Rice, United States Senator from Minnesota! No earlier
intimation of the abstraction had reached Mr. Thompson.
Your committee not, designing to examine Mr. Bailey as a
witness, the chairman addressed to Mr. Rice a note, and
politely requested his attendance. To this he replied that
he would answer any question that might bo propounded
to him, in writing- Seeing that he stood so peitmaciously
on his privilege as a Senator, it was not thought consistent
with the duty of the committee or dignity of'the House to
press any further inquiries, unless the Mouse shall so oider.
Had the original intention of withholding from the Sec-
retary all knowledge of the fraud until within a lew days of
the 4th of March been carried out, the confusion incident
to a change of administrative officers would have prevented
prompt investigation, and deprived Mr. Thompson of the
means of immediate cleiense.
Mr. Bailey, in the exercise of forethought prudent to
avoid detection, made up his stock account for the current
year, showing on its facc that all the bonds were safely in
his custody, and had caused its presentation to the Second
Auditor, Mr. Fuller. That officer refused to approve it for
the reason that the coupon account, designed to be a check
upon it, did not accompany it. It is, perhaps, to this re-
fusal that may in part be attributed the early disclosure of
the fraud.
It will be observed that, while Mr. Bailey's statement is
dated December 1, i860, and embiaccs the entire number
of bonds, and fixes the month of July as the time at which
he intrusted them to other parties, the testimony of Mr.
Russell shows that they were notaiJ delivered at one time,
but that three hundred and thirty-threo were transferred to
him on the J3th of December—nearly two weeks subse-
quent to the date of Mi. Bailey's confession. The only
satisfactory explanation that can be given of this notice-
able discrepancy is the supposition thatthe statement was*
actually prepared on the day it was given to Mr. Wagner,
and the day the last bonds were delivered to Mr. Kinsell,
and dated wrongfully " December J to allay any t-u. pieion
that might be excited if it were seen that the date of the
abstraction was identical with the date of the last accept-
ance which was issued by the War Department, for the
purpose, as your committee think, of making up a definite
amount of securities.
the disposition of the bonds.
As coon as the abstraction of the bonds was made known
to the Secretary of the Interior, he applied himself dili-
gently to discover with whom they were lodged, that pro-
ceeding-. might be ln-titut^d for their iccoyov. Moses
Kelley, Wsq., his chief cleik, was dispatched to New York,
and lie there caused writs ot injunction to be served upon
a few parties, m whose po^esc-ion he had reason to bHieve
som: of the bunds to be. But asceitamins this mode of
obtainim; the desired information to he both s-low and un-
iatirtfaUory, Mr. Thompson advised thai youi committee
