294
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 2,
36th Cong....2d Sess.
State of the Union—Mr. Brabson.
Ho. of Reps.
plaint there niciy be in voli.u. 1 on to the execution of
the laws by the present Administration, 1 do not-
suppose there can be any just cause of complaint
against the laws of the IJnited States upon the
subject of slavery. Congress has passed no law,
st«6e the decision of the Supreme Court in the
Dred Scott case,-upon the subject of slavery . If
Congress has passed no law affecting tho rights
ofslavery; if the Supremo. Court of the United
States, by its decisions, guards and protects the
South, where is the evil which has produced so
much mischief? It is not in the Government of
the United States, but its existence is found m the
moral and religious training of the northern mind,
■which manifests itself in the election of a sectional
President and Vice President of the United States,
by a sectional organization, and upon a sectional
principle.
The passage of personal liberty bills, the raiu
into Virgmia,the utterance of wicked andfanatical
sentiments calculated to stir up insurrection in the
South, all have their foundation in hostility to the
institution ofsiavery. These things,in my opinion,
furnish just cause of compiamtagainst the north-
ern States and northern people; and, in my judg-
ment, the South can never submit with honor to
the enforcement of those principles by congres-
sional legislation. We can never submit to any
inequality in the Territories, which are common
property, but will demand our right to enter them,
as long as they remain Territories, with our prop-
erty recognized as such by the laws of the State
from which we remove. Is there anything unrea-
sonable in the proposition that the people of Ten-
nessee may go to the Territories of the United
States with their property and reside there ? By
what authority shall Congress' say that the Terri-
tories shall be appropriated to the use and benefit
ofthe people of a particular section because they
do not own a particular species of properly? If
this is to be the policy of the incoming Adminis-
tration, I say to you frankly, we canneverlivc in
peace. It is true. Congress lias passed no law ap-
plying such principles to the Territories, since the
decision of the Supreme Court to which I have
referred; and,m my opinion, the rights of the
South are protected against such legislation by tin:
Dred Scott decision. But in the face of that de-
cision, the Republicans claim that Congress has
the power,' and should exercise it when necessary,
to exclude slavery and, consequently, slavehold-
ers, from the Territories.
The fact that a large party asserts that the Con-
stitution gives to the majontyin Congress the
power to exclude the minority from-the common
Territories because that minority own slaves, is
of itself sufficient to excite the people of the South,
and does give them just cause of complaint The
election of a sectional President, upon a sectional
platform, and by a purely sectional vote; the raid
of John Brown; the personal liberty bills; the
preventing the execution of the fugitive slave law
by mobs: the flooding the country with incendiary
pamphlets, are the principal grounds of complaint,
and all tend to chafe and fret and interfere witu
the southern people and their rights, and have
proved fatal to the peace and good order of so-
ciety; and, if persisted in, will prove destiuctive
to the Government itself, and the best interest ol
the American people. It would be an act degrad-
ing to me, and for which 1 would receive the just
indignation of an insulted and injured constit-
uency, were I to return to my homo in Tennes-
see, and say to the gallant men of'Monterey, Vera
Cruz, Oet-ro Goido, Chapultepec, Churubusco,
and the City of Mexico, and the children of the
brave men who fell on those bloody fields, that I
had consented to deprive them of the right to entei
and reside within the Territories won by their
valor; when the fact is, I have 110 doubt, 1 repre-
sent upon this floor more widows and orphans—
made widows and orphans by the Mexican war—-
than some of the northern States had soldiers in
that war. But, Mr. Speaker, is the remedy for
all the evils which now afflict our countiy seces-
sion ? I think not. I do not believe secession a
remedy for any of the evils of which the South
complains; nor do I believe the doctrine finds any
sanction in the Constitution.
"Upon a mere question of policy, I have never
been able to see how we could secure our consti-
tutions"! rights in the Territories oy destroying the
Constitution, and by our own act abandoning the
Territories; how we can better sccure the re-
turn of the fugitive from labor, by abandoning the
fugitive slave law, and all our rights undent; now
\vc can be more secure from the wicked and fa-
natical sentiments of northern fanatics, by remov-
ing every constitutional and legal restraint from
those who give utterance to such sentiments, is
past my comprfjhension. I adopt the sentiments
of the hero of the Hermitage, whose bones lie
moldering beneath the sod of Tennessee, when
he says:
" It is the right of mankind generally to secure, by all
means in their power, the blessings of liberty and happi-
ness ; but when, for these purposes, any body of men have
voluntarily associated themselves under a particular form
of government, 110 portion of tlicin can dissolve the asso-
ciation without acknowledging the correlative right in the
remainder, to decide whether that dissolution can be per-
mitted consistently with their rights and the general wel-
fare."
Mr. Speaker, there can be no permanent secu-
rity in any new Government founded upon the
principle that any one of the States may, at will,
break up and destroy that Government. Is there
not evidence of South Carolina's disposition to
secede from the new confederacy ? Hon. J. W.
Spratt, of South Carolina, has already sounded
the alarm, and heralds a new crusade for the
emancipation of the South. If the constitutional
provision ofthe new Government prohibiting the
foreign slave trade should become permanent,
Mr. Spratt says:
" Our whole movement is defeated. It will abolitionize
the bolder States. It will brand our institution. Slavciy
cannot share a Government with democracy; it cannot
hear a brand upon it; thence another revolution. It may
be painful, but we. must make it. The constitution can-
not be changed without it. it is doubtful if another move-
ment will be !=o peaceful; but no matter."
Mr. Spratt is not the only one in South Carolina
who is now agitating the question of seceding
from the southern confederacy, unless the Afri-
can slave trade is constitutionally recognized.
How long will the southern confederacy last, or-
ganized upon such principles? When a people
are oppressed by their Government, they have
the undoubted right of revolution to free them-
selves from that, oppression; but no people, for
slight causes, will resort to that remedy. Will
the people consent to trust their lives, their for-
tunes, their peace and security, in a Government
recognizing the principle that any one member,
when aflYoiUed, may destroy the Government? I
think not.
Kut, sir, I will not discuss the right of seces-
sion. .Seven States have already dissolved their
connection with the United States Government,
and others may soon follow. They have not only
dissolved their connection with this Government,
but have ordained and established a separate and
independent provisional government, elected a
president and vice president, and have appointed
officers to the various offices in their new govern-
ment. They have aimed, and are arming, their
citizen soldiers. They have taken possession of
the forts, aiscnals, and dock-yards, within their
respective limits-, and Louisiana has taken pos-
session ofthe mint at New Orleans. The seces-
sion ofthe seven .States is regarded by the people
of the border States os rash, ill-advised, and pre-
cipiiate; and we have a light to complain of their
action.
The seven grain-growing and tobacco btates
are more interested ill the permanent settlement of
the slavery question than their sister .States fur-
ther south, because they are more exposed to the
depredations of northern fanatics; yet, they have
not been consulted by the seceding States, but lett
to defend themselves as best they can. We have
the more right to complain, because they have left
us here in the minority, when the opposition to
Mr. Lincoln's policy was in the majority, and
when, in the next Congress, the nmjmity against
the Republicans would be, I believe, twenty or
twenty-out, it' the southern States were all rep-
resented here. It would have been impossible for
the incoming Administration, for the next two
years, to ingraft upon the legislation of the coun-
try the policy of the Republican party. The Pres-
ident could not make an appointment of any im-
portance without the consent of his opponents in
the Senate of the United States. The majority
m the Senate, if all the southern States were rep-
resented in that body, could, m effect, select the
President's Cabinet. The President can pass no
law, cannot draw a dollar from the Treasury,
without an appropriation by Congress He has
no power to make war; and, if we are to judge
the future by the past, he can have but little influ-
ence in forming and controlling public opinion.
With both branches of Congress opposed to
the incoming Administration, the principles of
whose party were voted down by a popular ma-
jority of over one million votes, the decision of
the Supreme Court maintaining the rights of the
South in the Territories; with all these facts before
us, we are asked to say, that the seceding States
have acted with prudence, wisdom, and a due re-
gard for the rights and interests of the border
States. They have not only abandoned the border
States, but have incorporated into the constitu-
tion of their new government a provision, giv-
ing the congress of the " confederated States of
North America" the power to carry out the rec-
ommendation of Governor Gist, of South Caro-
lina, and the Governor of Mississippi, to prohibit
the citizens of all the States not joining the con-
federacy from taking slaves into the seceding
States, unless the citizens accompany them with
the intention of permanently residing there.
I have said that the border States were more
interested in the final and permanent settlement of
the question of slavery than the cotton States,
and 1 have sometimes thought there wore other
causes than the question of" slavery for the pre-
cipitate action of the seceding States, which espe-
cially operated on South Carolina to induce her
to take the initiative in the movement. She could
not have been very much concerncd about the
safety of her slaves, guarded as she is by North
Carolina, Virginia, Tennessee, and Kentucky;
and I take it for granted, those gallant States are
as sensitively alive to then* honor, and quite as
capable of taking care of it, as any State in the
Union. South Carolina desired a separation from
the United States Government upon a question of
very grave importance to her, as always insisted
upon by her statesmen. Her public men have
uniformly insisted that the revenue policy of the
United States Government was unjust and op-
pressive; and to get clear of that principle, I am
inclined to think, she embraced the occasion ofthe
election of a sectional President and Vice Presi-
dent to dissolve her connection with the Govern-
ment of the United States. lam supported in
these positions by the line of argument pursued
by one of the leading secession journals of South
Carolina, upon the action of the southern congress
at Mopfgomery, Alabama, in adopting, as that
paper lays, the tariff of 1857. The Charleston
Mercury says:
" We rem ot that any piovisional government was formed
at all, and m one or two impoitant paiueuiar< confess to
disappointment and surptJ^e at Die government and laws
cn.K-ti'd. It s ce if* that tin: United States protective tariff
of lK>7ha<- been adopted, and that a positive condemnation
ot the nMitntion ol slavery, tluough the slave trade, has
been inserted into the constitution itself. Neither of these
did we es-pect. We did not suppose that any southern gov-
ernment, v\ hcther tor a month or a year, would ^auction the
policy ol protective tanifs. The taritt ot 18" 7 is odious
and oppies s>iv(; in if-5 discriminations. ft was made to_Lu 01
noithem onterpu-e at the expense ol the people ot the South
—a huge fice ust foi them—the, Imiden of taxation toi ns
to bear, and we maintain is adverse to leycnue, unjust in
piinciple, and oppie«sive m practice. Whether this is
biought about hv a partial ienus>inu in duties, or a partial
imposition, it is t>ti!l the same in effect. We enter our pio-
lest agdiiivi tin; bcheme and policy-, both as icgaids our-
selves, and m the rc-uits, so far as toieign nations are con-
cciued, and their lucndslup, at this time, is valuable to us.
[  each respect fiec tiaue is the true policy of the confed-
eiate States.
We deem it also unfortunate and mal apropos lim* the
stigma of illegitimacy and illegality should be placed upon
the institution of sslaverv by a iundamentnl law against the
slave tiade. in oui opinion, it is a matter ot poliej9andnot
of piinciple, to be decided now and hereafter, fioin sound
views ofthe necessity and safety of oar people. ^We tlmiit
it a pioper subject of loaitdntion.1' .•• * * *
Every punciplc of light government nud even dictate
of policy seem to be a^aus-t the Mississippi -cheme. iiut
theie K a jriaver mattei than ib> ab-uuiity behind thi-J
scheme It w nothing el«e than the pohcyo} reconstructing
the Union. Take the Constitution of trie United States
a*  it is, with all its eon^hucti've powers, and get the fnm-
tier State> m the eontederacy with u*, will the Co.i>titn-
tson ever he aifeicd ! Will wo ever be Ireed fiom thevame
tioubles and dangeis we nave been contending agams-t for
the last thirty yeats ? Maryland, Kentucky^ and Missouri
li.ivo been pioiective tariff States, and all of them in
of internal niipiovements. Suppose the Constitution ofthe
United States is taken as it i*. with its consolidation con-
