1863.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
295
36tix Cong....2d Sess.
State of the Union■—Mr. Stewart.
m m.
"Ho. of Reps.
enactions,to obtain their union with u-s: will thev consent
to have italteied so as to prevent constructive abuses?
And, if not altered, will we not have the same battle to
fight ovei again with them, after a few years, which we
have been compelled to fight with the northern States ? We
will nniy have changed masters. But will a southern con-
federacy exi<t at all with such a policy ? Will not all the
northern Jftate-> come again into a Union with usWhy
should they not ? They are satisfied with the Constitution
of the United States as it is, open to their interpretation.
It establishes a capital despotism under their power. Of
course they will seek to reconstruct the Union. And Will
it not be done? Yes, certainly, under this scheme. After
all, we will have run round a circle and end where we
starred. The Union will be restored, with a few giuuan-
tees about negioes, such us the frontier States want, but
which are of no consequence to the cotton States ; and wo
will again enter upon the broad road of consolidation and
ruin."
The majorities in Congress against the Repub-
licans would have been abundantly able to pro-
tect the rights of the South upon the slavery ques-
tion; but many southern men would support a
revenue trmfff giving individual protection to
home industry, which the Mercury regards as
unjust in principle and oppressive in practicc.
The editor of that paper thinks the policy of the
"confederate States of North America" will lead
to a restoration of the Union, u with a few guar-
antees about negroes, such as the frontier States
want, but which are of no consequence to the
cotton States." This leading and influential se-
cession journal sustains mo in the position that
the border States are more interested in quieting
the agitation of the slavery question than the cot-
ton States. Maryland, Virginia, Kentucky, and
Missouri, have over fifteen hundred miles of bor-
der on the free States, and must be the first to be
interfered with by the northern fanatics; and yet
they stand here to defend their constitutional
rights in the Union, demanding firmly, though
respectfully, such constitutional guarantees as
will place beyond the reach of politicians the ques-
tion of slavery, and forever silence the agitation
of a subject which ought never to have been
brought into the political arena. "With all the in-
terest these States have in slavery, they aic still
here: and I would suffer martyidom before I would
forsake them in this their hour of trial and diffi-
culty.
I mention these things because I believe, if the
cotton States had remained in the Union instead
of seceding, and the South had unitedly made
known hofgnevances,and demanded in a firm and j
manly tone a settlement of all the difficulties be- !
tween the North and South, upon a basis alike j
honoiable to both sections, we might have been j
saved the perils of revolution.
Additional constitutionalguarantees become the
more necessary for the border States, since they
have been thrown into the minority by the rash
action of the cotton States.
The position of the middle and border States
is painful and embarrassing; but, sir, shall we
despair of the Republic? Is there no hope for the
Constitution and for constitutional liberty? A
Government like ours, under the protection of
which the country has grown great and prosper-
ous, should nut be abandoned to sectionalism
without a stiug^le. From three million we have
increased to thirty-one million people, under the
Constitution and Union; from thirteen to thirty-
four Smics. We occupy a front rank among
the nations of the earth. The wlnte-winged sails
of our commerce cover every sea; the stars and
stnpes, the flag of the Union, is wafted by every
breeze, into every port under the sun, and where
eve i unfurled is honored and respected. The Amer-
ican citizen, however humble, knows, whether
at homo or abroad, on the land or on the seas, the
strong arm of his Government is ovet him to guai d
and protect. He feels that he is an American cit-
izen.
For such a Government as this will not sivntle-
ni''n forget their party feuds and rise superior to
their miserable party platforms, remembering tnat.
while they have a party to serve, they have a coun-
try to save? Of what use will your miseiable
platforms be when civil war, with all its humus,
hasswept over the land, not only, in its madden-
ing course, overturning the Government ot our
fatheis, but blotting out forever the last hope of
liberty throughout the woild?
1 have been astonished, the present session of
Congress, to see the apparent indifference mani-
fested by the Republican members of this House-
i State after State has gone out, and others pre- |
| paring to go. Whether rightfully or wrongfully,
|| they have gone. Business of every kind is pros-
trated; commerce paralyzed; the whole country
upon the verge of bankruptcy; and the Govern-
ment of the United States forced to ask the in-
dorsement of her bonds by the States, that they
may find a purchaser in the market at a heavy dis-
count. And yet, gentlemen affect to believe that
all this is merely an " artificial" matter, of mo-
mentary importance, that will soon pass away.
The vote of Virginia, which was the first to stay
ji the tide of secession; the overwhelming and crush-
jj ing defeat of the precipitators m Tennessee, and
then in Missouri, are seized upon by some men
in the North, and urged as evidence of a determ-
| ination on the part of those States to consent to
jj the doctrines and principles of the Republican
ij party. I beg all such to undeceive themselves. I
| have no right to speak for the proud old State of
!| Virginia, the memory of whose mighty dead has
been vindicated by her noble sons, who have put
'j the seal of their condemnation upon sectionalism
j north and south; but for Tennessee I may ven-
j tureto say that no such interpretation can be given
i to her vote on the9th ofFebruary. She has rights
| under the Constitution, and in the Union, which
no true son of hers will ever basely surrender at
the bidding of any power on earth. By her vote,
Tennessee appeals to the conservative element of
the whole country, to come to the rescue of the
Constitution and Union; not with fire and sword,
not with the swift-winged messengers of death,
but with the principles of concession and compro-
mise, which should characterize the action of a
great and free people. Shall that appeal be in vain
to both sectional parties? Do gentlemen prefer
peace to war ? Do they prefer a united to a divided
people ? Do they prefer union to disunion ?
I am satisfied there arc men, north and south,
who have long labored for the destruction of this,
the best Government on earth: and unless the
people, by whom and for whom the Government
was made, interpose, I fear these agitators will ac-
complish their long-cherished and wicked designs, j
The people are deeply interested in the settlement
of the vexed question of slavery, the agitation of
which more seriously afiects them than the men
who occupy high places m the Government. If
war result from the action of the politicians, the
biave and hardy sons of toil are the ones to meet
the issue then. If any foreign Government had
insulted our flag, the question would be quite a
different one; but to place one section of a great
country like ours in hostile'array against the other,
for causes such as now distract oar people, and
thus by war destroy the people of both sections,
is too monstrous to contemplate. Governments j
should have no other object than to guard, pro-
tect, and advance the interests and happiness of
the governed;and those who have sought and ob-
tained the confidence of the people should remem-
ber that—
•' Princes and lords may flounMi or may fade ;
A brca;h can niaki1 tlieia. as a has made :
Buta brave populace, their country's pride,
Wlien once de&tioyed, can nevei be supplied.'"
j! I appeal to the Representatives of the people
| upon this floor to avert the impending storm. I
j ask you, in the name of a common country, of
j humanity, and of liberty itself, to settle the diihcul-
! ties. Shall we, when we leave this noble edifice,
!} these gorgeous marble Halls, look for theiast time
| upon the proud flag of the Union, waving fi om the
! dome of this Cafntol: Shall column after column
of this the noblest and best Government ever de-
vised by man crumble and fall, because the rt pre-
! sentatives of the people prefei some miserable
I dnjraa to the Constitution of our fathers, and the
host interests of thirty-one million freemen : For-
bid it, my countrymen: forbid it, Heaven' If it
were possible for the spin's of the depart'' I J.'-id
Mini eieat to revisit this earth and pariicipai. in the
affairs of men, 1 would imploie them to bend the
bolt eel heavens and come down,and s!ud ihe li^ht
of other days around us. Shall « e ha\e no settle-
ment, no compromise : Shall the darkand lower-
ills' clouds of revolution continue to £ we> p over
our once happv land : "VVili this House aujourn,
! refusing to do anything: We have1 aheaay the
action of some of the Slates, moving in the right
direction, m the repeal and modification of their
personal liberty bills; and over one million peti-
tioners have implored us to adjust and settle the
difficulties. Will you do it?
If the wild passions of party have so blinded
Representatives, north and south, as to induce
thetn to refuse concession, compromise, and set-
tlement, I, for one, will appeal from your partisan
and prejudiced decision to the people of the Uni-
ted States, feelingunwillingthat thisCrOvernment,
which cost the toil and suffering of seven years,
shall be destroyed by the politicians and dema-
gogues who infest this Capitol. I am satisfied that
appeal will not be in vain. The recollections of
the past, the anticipations of the future, the cer-
tainty that we cannot better our condition by de-
stroying this Government, will all urge the great
American people to the rescue of their imperiled
Constitution and Union, and drive from power
and place those whose devotion to party and
party dogmas is superior to their devotion to
their country.
But, sir, 1 am told I am a submissionist. I am
always ready to submit to the Constitution of my
country and the laws passed in conformity to it.
But, sir, I am unwilling to run away from this Cap-
itol, and yield everything, Constitution, Union,
fame, glory, and property,at the bidding of any
party, however powerful that party may be. I
should feel unworthy the confidence of a gallant
people were I to surrender all their rights at dis-
cretion! This, to my mind, is the worst form of
submission But, sir, if we are to be driven to the
necessity of taking the sword for the purpose of
maintaining our constitutional rights, my advice
will be, to draw that sword m the Union; for I
would feel more like a soldier marching in defense
of my constitutional rights under the stars and
stripes, than under any other flag.
STATE OF THE UNION.
SPEECH OF HON. JAMES A. STEWART,
j OB1 MAUYLA.nd,
i In the House of Representatives,
March 2, 1861,
On the report from the select committee of thirty-three on
the disturbed condition of the country.
Mr. STEWART, of Maryland, said;
Mr. Speaker: In the existing deplorable con-
dition of the country, and the sad complication of
our public affairs, it may be well to bear in mind
that there are now thirty-four sovereign States, to
which the respective citizens thereof owe primary
allegiance, and from which they are to expect
support for their civil and religious liberty, the
protection of their lives and property, each and
every State having all the essential attributes to
constitute it a distinct and independent national-
ity, and depiived of none, under our complex
system, except sucli as she may have voluntarily
cliosen to delegate to a Federal Government for
convenient purposes. To use the time-honored
language of the bill of rights of the State of Mary-
land, winch I have the honor, in part, to repre-
sent, as more expressive of this doctrine of com-
plete and perfect State sovereignty, f shall take
occasion to ad vert here to a few of itsfundamental
truths.
'* The Pan lament of Great Britain, by a declaratory act,
having assumed a right to make laws to bind the colonies
m all ease? what-oevei, and. in pursuance of such claim,
endeavored by force of arms to subjugate the United Col-
onic- to an unconditional submisMon to their will and
p.nv'T: andlia* iiiu <u length contained them to declare
th'Mnselve* independent States-, and to astumi: Government
und''i the aiuhontyof the people : Therefore, we. the dele-
gates ot M.inland, in tree and fuii convention assembled,
taking into our mo-U seriout eon^ideiation Uie best means
of establishing a good constitution in this State, for the
junor foundation and more permanent security thereof,
decl.irt—-
c That ali government, of righr, originate? from the peo-
ple, is tounded in compact oniy, and instituted soiely for
the'good of the whole.
{t That the people of this £tatc ought to have the sole and
t'veliwive right of regulating the internal government and
police thcteof.
<vT at all peisonsinvc-j-fedwith the legislative or execu-
tive powers of government are the trustees of the public,
and as sucn accountable tor their conduct; tneieiore, when-
evei the ends of government are perverted, and public iib-
erty maniie:-t!y endangeied. and ali other means o* j xiresa
are ineffectual, the people ma\, and of light ought to, re-
form the cldorestabiibh a new Government The doctriao
