296
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March. 2,
36th Cong. ...2d" Sess.
State of the TJnion-*-Mr. Stewart.
Ho. of Reps.
of non-resistance against arbitraiy power and oppression
is absurd, slavish, and destructive of the good and happi-
ness of mankind."
In the constitution of that State it is further
provided:
"That every person appointed to any office of profit or
trust shall; before he enters on the execution thereof, take
an otith that he will be faithful and bear true allegiance to
the State of Maryland."
Thus maintaining, by her declaration of rights
and constitution,beyond question, that the people
of'that State have the sole right of regulating their
own domestic affairs, and requiring all persons
holding office therein to take an oath that they
will bear true and faithful allegiance to the State.
I believe similarrequirements are provided for in
the constitution of every State.
Another great principle is incorporated: that
the people have the right to abolish, change, or
alter their forms of government whenever they
think proper; and the doctrine of absolute sub-
mission is denounced as slavish and absurd. This
same principle is fully indorsed in the Declaration
of Independence. I assume, therefore, as an ax-
iomatic truth, that these State governments are
the primary instrumentalities for the management
of our public affairs, and they are not relieved of
this responsibility by the delegation of certain
powers to a general agency. It is a fact to be
noted in our history, that all the amendments of
the Federal Constitution have been made with the
view and for the purpose of providing against a
loose construction of the powers of the Federal
Government, in derogation of the rights of the
States; thus recognizing, more emphatically and
distinctly;\heir self-existent individuality and in-
dependence. In what clause is any power dele-
gated to coerce a sovereign State, or relieve the
citizen thereof from his allegiance to his State and
home government ? And where is there any clause
denying the right of a State to withdraw or secede
from the Federal Government? If such light is
not delegated or expressly prohibited, and the
State retains complete authority to regulate her
own affairs, and to change, alter, or abolish her
form of government, would it not be an act of
unauthorized and despotic power to undertake to
coerce her to do anything where she, in her sov-
ereign character as a State, thought proper to
command her citizens otherwise? The annals of
the convention show that such a power was at-
tempted to be conferred on the Fedeial Govern-
ment, and unanimously refused. Such a doctrine
is monstrous, arbitrary, and utterly subversive of
every feature of our Federal system, if the State
governments wore annihilated by violence, one
and all, or became extinct, from any other cause,
1 take it the Federal Government, which is only
derivative, would, ipso facto, become p. nullity;
whereas, on the contrary, if the Federal Govern-
ment were abolished to-morrow, that would not
interfere with our system of State government.
Thus we see the indestructibility of the State gov-
ernments, except by their own volition; whereas
they possess the legitimate power to annihilate
the General Government. And should the Fed-
eral Government, from any cause, cease to have
"vitality, the States in such case would be only
reinvested with all delegated authority, and as
capable, to all intents and purposes, of exercising
all tlic functions of government, as if no such gen-
eral agency had ever been constituted.
I doubt not that, in such do event, the good
people of the States would takecaie to adapt them-
selves to such a state of things by forming other
alliances, if advisable, with more or less of other
States as to them might seem best, or rely upon
their distinct and independent position. To sup-
pose otherwise, is to conclude that they are es-
sentially incapable of self-government. The peo-
ple of the States are safe wlule they insist upon
this fundamental principle of State right and au-
thority; but when we come to ignore that great
and solemn truth, and esteem the States merely
as holding positions in our complex system sim-
ilar to that of counties in a State, or provinces in an
empire, and thus build up a great central and con-
solidated Government, to regulate not alone the
general affairs of the entire people, in such mode
as expressly provided, but the domestic.affairs of
each and every State and section, then the simple
form of our Government becomes radically per-
verted, and it inevitably results either in a mili-
tary despotism, or (what is equally as destructive
to consti tutional liberty and State equality) a dom-
ineering and arbitrary majority of mere numbers,
swayed, it would be, frequently, by hasty popu-
lar delusion and ill-advised clamor. If we mean
to preserve our liberties and maintain in its pu-
rity the Government framed for us by our cau-
tious and sagacious forefathers, we must prima-
rily regard and respect the rights of the States,
and oppose the old enemy of the system—consol-
idation.
Our whole scheme of government is still an
unsolved problem; and I think the experience of
the country will very generally asscntto the con-
clusion that, in a vast majority of the cases where
attempts have been made to alter the old system,
either as applicable to the State or Federal Gov-
ernment, by making it more radical, the change
has proved to be no wholesome reform. All the
States have, to a greater or less extent, been
tending to radicalism; whereas the theory of our
system, as devised by the fathers, recognizes the
people as the source of all political power, and
connects with that, as an indispensable provision
in the formation of Government, that the exercise
of authority on the part of the people shall be
surrounded by such safeguards as to prevent
hasty and immature action, so as to secure the
deliberate and well-digested judgmentof the peo-
ple in all cases, when required to exert their direct
authority and power; thus imparting areasonable
degree of firmness and stability to the system.
The chief officers of the Federal Government,
the President and Vice President, although made
elective in their character, were not to be chosen
directly by the popular voice, but through a body
of electors, who, m contemplation of the Consti-
tution, were to select someone for President from
one State, and another one for Vice President
from a different State, and totally unascertained
before, by the body of voters, as to what persons
they might select. So in the States, the chief
magistrates were generally to be chosen by the
Legislature; the Senate by a body of electors;
the judiciary, not by the people directly,but oth-
erwise appointed, and their tenure of office during
good behavior; and officers of merely a clerical
or ministerial character to remain in whilst they
faithfully discharged their duties, and not to be
subject to the fluctuations of mere party scram-
bler). This whole system, either by constitutional
amendments or administrative practice, has been
changed; and now, forsooth, everything is to be
considered, thrown before the people pell-mell,
hurry-scurry, and the responsibility imposed upon
them m the iirst instance and directly to dispose of
such grave matters without giving them the com-
plete opportunity fully and deliberately to con-
sider what judgmentshould be pronounced. And
it has so turned out, in fact, that the politicians I
are kind enough to arrange all these matters for
the good people beforehand, and they are merely
called on at the proper time to ratify what has
been done. The only difference between the
people and politicians is this: the people would,
ll'Jeft to themselves, have decided according to
what seemed to them to be right upon the merits;
whereas the politicians, in most cases, will have
had a considerable degree of reference to their
own interests, whether that inures to the benefit
of the people or not.
This practical administration of the system
might have gone on without serious derangement,
perhaps, if the governmental machinery had not
become so much enlarged, and its patronage so
immensely increased. Recollect that the require-
ments of the Government were very limited in the
beginning, and the expenditures of the State and
Federal Governments both comparatively light;
but they have now enormously increased, bring-
ing in their train almost illimitable and incalcula-
ble patronage, thus swelling the proportions of
the Federal Government. Now, when wo have
thirty-four States and a boundless territory, with
a multiplicity of offices, a presidential election
is an event to inspire large hopes and fears, and
is attended with a systematic and terrible scram-
ble for the " loaves and fishes;" sufficient in itself,
indeed, to give a serious shock to the whole fab-
ric, State and Federal.
What a vast change in the simplicity of the
Government! Think of the colossal and increas-
ing patronage of the Federal Government—some
eighty or a hundred million dollars to be dis-
tributed in countless forms, to various appointees
and jobbers, from a prime minister down to a
petty postmaster. The fact is, and it cannot be
disguised, the whole system has grown to be de-
moralizing, and affords an extensive, yea, bound-
less field for corruption, the direct and unerring
tendency of which is to contaminate the fountain
of powerand pervert all the sources of authority;
and if not corrected, will,pe?- se, accomplish &
fundamental change in the action of the whole
system. Settle this, and the slavery question
will not be so embarrassing; and if you adjust
satisfactorily the slavery question, and make no
reformation of this growing evil, disorder, profli-
gacy, and decay, will supervene. The fact is ob-
vious, that our whole system. Federal and State,
requires much revision; and if we could get to-
gether the best men of the country, in every State,
to correct any irregularities in our State govern-
ments, and assemble our wisest and purest pa-
triots, in a legitimate way, to revise the Federal
Government—I doubt not, could this be effected
in the true spirit, many great and vital improve-
ments might be made.
The patronage of the General Government, es-
pecially, is a monstrous evil, and ought to be
diminished. The tendency is to destroy the rel-
ative positions of the States and the Federal Gov-
ernment, and immeasurably and incongruously to
centralize and consolidate dangerous power in the
Federal Government, which must absolutely term-
inate, if not corrected, in demoralization and
utter destruction. The system must move right,
or it will go down, according to every principle
of political philosophy. The scuffle between the
ins and the outs assumes all the proportions of
an organized pitched battle every four years, and
thoroughly convulses the nation; and the suc-
cessful party is now adopting the habit of attend-
ing in great bodies the august celebration of the
inauguration; the seat of Government, in such
cases, being infested with myriads of willing, ac-
tive, and thorough-going patriots, who devoutly
make the pilgrimage to add to the pageant, and
receive the benediction or benefaction, as the caso
may be. If this goes on with accelerated momen-
tum, in proportion to the increase of the country,
in process of time will come the coronation, with
bristling bayonet and rattling artillery, and the
whole scene enlivened by the clarion notes of the
bugle. No doubt we shall sec at the inauguration
of the last dispenser of the spoils a goodly num-
ber of the faithful on hand, ready to pay their de-
votions to the great Federal Mohammed, who will
find it difficult to wend his way through their thick
columns. It is believed by many that the rush
for office destroyed General Harrison and General
Taylor; and Lincoln may share the same fate, un-
less General Seott will turn his batteries upon this
terrible host of seedy patriots, or form a body-
guard to protect his majesty, Abraham the faith-
ful. 1 think be stands m much more dangerfrom
this quarter than from any assassination; but this
suggestion I will leave to Governor Hicks, with
his established acumen in this department of offi-
cial detective science, to investigate. Let General
Scott, at all events, be vigilant in this line. There
is, in my opinion, much more of danger that the
corrupting system growing out of such an army
in quest of office and plunder may Jostle the
proper action of the Government, than from any
troops that Lincoln can command to march into
the fair fields of the sunny South. He will have
as much as he can do for the next six months to
distribute the spoils among his camp followers.
Indeed, so overshadowing are now all the features
of the Federal Government, and such is the inev-
itable tendency to the most abject and barefaced
profligacy and corruption, that it requires no
prophet to foretell, from that consideration alone,
the speedy downfall of the whole system, if not
cheeked in its wild career. A wise and prudent
people ought to take precautionary measures to
correct such intolerable abuses before they be-
come chronic and permanently fastened upon the
body-politic.
While the fanatical spirits of the North have
been earnestly bent upon destroying the institu-
tions of the South, and in hot pursuit of mad
schemes of aggression, they have totally forgotten
