1861.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
297
36tii Cong....2d Sess.
State of the Union—Mr. Stewart.
Ho. op Reps.
the lessons taught them by a purer ancestry, as to
the primary landmarks of the Government under
which they have lived. In their attempts to over-
throw the governments of their neighbors at the
South, they have undermined the foundations of
the whole superstructure; and it is quite possible
that, in the midst of their career, the entire temple
may fall upon their own heads.
Our people have heretofore, from time to time,
modified their governments, as the exigencies of
the times seemed to prompt. According to the
historian, our people first started out upon their
progress on this continent mostly with charters
from the mother country; and when she assumed
to treat them harshly, they took the liberty, with-
out much formal ceremony," to* renounce all de-
pendence upon her. A continental Congress was
then found sufficient to regulate such general mat-
ters as pertained to the whole, each State always
retaining, to all intents and purposes, its complete
identity—absolutely and unqualifiedly controlling
her own domestic affairs. That arrangement,
imperfect as it was, effectually carried them all
through the seven years of revolutionary, bloody
war, at the end of which their independence was
recognized. Then they tried the Articles of Con-
federation, absolutely pledging each other that
they were to be perpetual; but this perpetual league
was short-lived, and consigned to the tomb of all
theCapulets. They then formed the present Con-
stitution. Very soon afterwards, not fully relish-
ing some untoward developments, and fearful that
its provisions might be perverted, they thought
proper to have an addendum, by way of supple-
mentary codicil, making vital amendments ex-
planatory of its powers, and calculated to dero-
gate from Federal assumption, thus recognizing
more distinctly and emphatically State authority
and State independence. Notwithstanding these
admonitory lessons from the founders of the Re-
public, we find a party nowadays vehemently
urging that the States are to be treated as mere
counties or provinces, and the Federal Government
the source of all power, honor, and authority,
claiming for it innate, original, underived, and in-
dependent sovereignty, immediately communi-
cated from the people as one mass; and under its
imperial flag, the States are to be cloven down,
and a grand, consolidated, empire erected thereon,
with a dictator placed in position by the voice of
a mere section, in utter disregard of the remon-
strance of another section. In process of time, if
not even at the next inaugural ceremony, I sup-
pose the officer called the President of the United
States will be looked upon by his followers as
something transcendentally divine; and in another
stage, further on, enough will be ready to call out
for the kmg to be surrounded by a standing army,
and all the paraphernalia of royalty.
Mr. Speaker, such results must bo guarded
against; and we must go back to first principles.
I would sooner see the States, each one acting for
herself, without any such Federal Government,
than to witness the sad spectacle of a quasi self-
constituted and arbitrary Government foisted
upon the ruins of the State governments, display-
ing nothing but the emblems of consolidated em-
pire, perpetually swelling its dimensions, although
nothing really but a miserable and deformed usurp-
ation, threatening to ingulf every vestige of con-
stitutional liberty.
What is the exact present posture of our affairs?
We have indeed thirty-four sovereign and inde-
pendent States—so called, by a sad misnomer—
nineteen of these non-slaveholdmg, and fifteen
slaveholding. These fifteen comprise a popula-
tion of some thirteen million, composed of eight
or nine million white people, and some four mil-
lion negroes. They have every variety of climate,
and I may say of productions. Now, I submit
the question, seriously, can such a people, by any
process, however adroit, be deprived ot their great
constitutional rights, and reduced to vassalage, if
they are true to "themselves, and have the proper
spirit to vindicate their blood-bought privileges ?
Will any one have the hardihood to answer this
pregnant question in the affirmative, especially
when it is recollected that they spring from a noble
ancestry, who, when only three million strong,
and constituting but thirteen States, (the Old
Thirteen,) successfully threw off the British yoke?
No power will have the temerity to attempt to
subjugate such a people, unless invited by intes-
tine divisions and discord. These slaveholding
States have established institutions that have been
transmitted to them under all the imposing and
cherished forms of hereditary descent, and con-
secrated by the conservative impress of centuries.
The whole country, north,south, east, and west,
has grown great by the aid of these institutions,
operating actively through a thousand channels.
It is an extraordinary fact in the history of the
times, that a President of the United States, under
the form, but contrary to the spirit of the Consti-
tution, has been elected without a single electoral
vote from any one of these States, by a purely
sectional organization, threatening war and de-
struction to the peculiar and time-honored insti-
tutions of the latter. It is true, he is not chosen
by an actual majority; but it has so happened that
this unmitigated outrage has been perpetrated
upon the country, north and south, by the ob-
tension of the majority of the electoral colleges in
due form. The man so elected is totally unfitted
to carry the country through the shoals and quick-
sands that at every turn environ her in this crisis
of her destiny. From a statement I have seen, the
popular vote may be thus stated: total vote of
all the States 4,739,982; popular vote for Lincoln
1,865,840, (including all the negroes in the north-
ern States that voted for him, against all decency
andright.) Theofficialvotethusagainsthim was
2,874,142. Still it is pertinaciously urged that this
Abolition minority have the right to maintain
their policy over all the rest, even if civil war and
the disruption of the Confederacy is the dire re-
sult. Here is the fixed fact, that a minority can-
didate, elected to the Presidency of the United
States in direct opposition to the views of the
South, and with an immense conservative vote
North against him, and upon a platform in abso-
lute hostility to the sacred institutions of the South,
insists upon administering a joint government,
and using all its great powers, as I have described
them, to annihilate and destroy the vital and ma-
terial interests of the South. Was there ever a
more despicable and monstrous tyranny?
Mr. Speaker, let me tell you that the gallant
and glorious South never will surrender her birth-
right, although there may be here and there a
doughface and traitor in their midst, who may be
ready to becomean ally to the treasonable schemes
and purposes of the North. You may depend
upon it, that the sound and unpurchasable men
of the South, with the constitutional patriots of
the North and Northwest, will crush out the trai-
tors if the antagonism should ever come to blows,
which may God forbid ! Are the good and order-
loving people of the South expected to rest quietly
under such an alarming state of things, and, like
sheep, surrender themselves to the tender mercies
of such wolves > Never. If the true men of the
South will firmly stand to their posts, holding the
right of the question before God and the country,
they will beat a world in arms. These odds and
ends, traitors,place-men, spoils-men, plunderers,
camp-followers, with the whole pack of crazy
Abolitionists and self-deluded patriots, together
with all the Swiss corps of sappers and miners,
be they north or south, organized into an army
to carry the election, and seize upon the spoils,
per fas aut ncfas, will be found, when the time
comes, not to have the nerve to carry their men-
aces into execution, unless, indeed, they can com-
mand an army of their southern allies to take
charge of the column and fight their battles.
They will never be able to get northern men to
face the music. I do not doubt the valor or cour-
age of the North on a proper occasion; but that
is not what they bargained for. Having obtained
the spoils of victory, they want to enjoy them in
peace; and fighting was not a part of their pro-
gramme. No man need be alarmed, in my judg-
ment, that there will be civil war. On the con-
trary, every effort will be made to amuse and
bamboozle'the South, and stab us under the fifth
rib. If, after the election of such a set of spoils-
men, every southern State had firmly stood upon
her reserved rights, and demanded, with one
voice, a solid settlement of these differences, they
would have carried their point, and the Union
would have been reconstructed upon a lasting
basis. Unfortunately, divisions existed.
The Governor of die State of Maryland—so de
facto, but I have never considered de jure, be-
cause, in the election, there was not a fair expres-
sion of the public sentiment of our State, owing
to the violence and frauds that took place at the
polls in the city of Baltimore; if the election had
been conducted upon fair principles, I believe his
distinguished competitor would now be the chief
magistrate of the State,—this acting Governor
has refused to permit, in a regular way, an ex-
pression of the voice of our people upon the grava
state of things that .has arisen in the country;
thus assuming the high and grave responsibility
of denying to the good people of that old Com-
monwealth the right to be heard through their
most solemn and deliberate mode—a convention of
the best men in the State, chosen to deliberate
upon what Maryland ought to do in such a crisis;
and claiming for himself, in fact, all the powers
of infallibility, and the right to fix the destiny of
the State over which he presides—an awful and
terrible responsibility, which neither his expe-
rience in public affairs nor unprecedented ability
authorized him to assume, and which future re-
sults will demonstrate was most unwise and fatal
to the best and lasting interests of the State It
was certainly aresponsibility, in such a convulsion
of our affairs, which the people themselves ought
to have had the opportunity to assume, let the
result be what it might. It was their business-,
not his, except as one of the people. What would
have been the policy adopted under the circum-
stances by our wisest and best men, selected with-
out reference to party, can now be only a matter
of conjecture. Possibly her counsels would have
been for peace, conciliation, and a final settlement
of all differences between the various sections of
the Union upon a solid basis, and by which the
Union might have been preserved, with the con-
stitutional rights of every section placed beyond
all controversy. Our people, with scarcely an
exception, I believe, desire a settlement «f this
vexed question of slavery now and for all time,
and do not desire to have it turned over to a suc-
ceeding generation. If it cannot be settled satis-
factorily, and the North and South must part, I
think I am not mistaken in my estimate of the
public opinion of our people when I assert that I
believe, with great and unparalleled unanimity,
they will cast their destiny with their southern
brethren.
Let it not, therefore, be understood from the
present position of the State, and no authentic op-
portunity allowed, through the conduct of the act-
ing Governor, to express her voice, that she is not
ready to make common cause with her southern
sisters. After all that has occurred, I announce
now, as one of the Representatives of that glori-
ous old State, that her people demand a settlement,
solid and substantial, of this slavery question; and
if her rights and those of her sister slave States
south are not regarded, but insurrectionary as-
saults upon them are to be persisted in, and no
efforts made to reconstruct the Union, with ac-
knowledged deference to our peculiar rights, per-
fect security for them against aggression,direct,
or indirect and covert, with full, complete, and
unembarrassed opportunity to grow and expand
with our institutions, then her people will not
consent that she shall be dragged to the bar of the
North, and hold what she considers dear by the
sufferance of northern conquerors. She demands
equality, and the power to protect herself and her
great interests, under any division of the Confed-
eiacy; and she will fake care that no temporary
schemes of mere politicians shall deprive her of
her rights, and locate her passively where she
becomes a willing victim to aggression and plun-
der. That gallant State is able to take care of
herself; and whenever she wants allies she will
know in what quarter to seek them. After what
has occurred, she suspects the Greeks, and she
will never go north to seek protection under a dis-
membered Union. No, sir. If nofull and final set-
tlement takes place, her destiny is with the South;
her interests, her inclinations, her institutions,
her habits, and her peace, will all prompt to that
course. Nor do I believe she will ever be much
impressed with the idea that licr policy is to be
ill a central confederacy, where she would be be-
tween the upperancl lowermill-stone,compelled to
fortify herself all round—on the north and sonlh,
and on the east—commanding neither the respect
