THE CONGKESSIONAL
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. 0. .
Thirty-Sixth Congress, 2d Session.
FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 15, 1861.
New Series No. 56.
of this House. I believe it is about as perfect a
bill as one of its magnitude can be made, except-
ing the repetitions and tautology incorporated oy
the Senate amendments. In regard to the charge
that the bill involves interests of such magnitude
that it should therefore be voted down, I will say
that you can never secure the construction of a
railroad to the Pacific without considering matters
of importance and magnitude. And I will say
further, that a Pacific railroad cannot be carried
through on a single idea, or to accommodate a
single line of road. Make it as you may, subject
it as you please, you will affect the whole railroad
>s} stem of the West, and each road will be enlisted
in its ultimate advantages and success.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. As I do not intend
to reply to the gentleman from Iowa, I ask him
to answer me one or two questions. I desire to
ask him if the amendment which I have proposed
now is not a fair one, and if the route is not one
demanded by the public interest?
Mr. CURTIS. The principal objection to my
friend's amendment is, that it adds another foik
to the road. It has been objected that it already
has too many forks and termini; and the gen-
tleman now pioposes to add another, in ordei to
connect his point. The same argument which
the gentleman urges in support of his amendment
would apply to Iowa with equal force. If the
gentleman demands another line for Missouri,
there is no reason why I should not demand an-
other line, so as to have two points in Iowa; and
I think, under th ; circumstances,lie ought not to
ask it.
Mr. SICKLES. I ask the gentleman from
Iowa to give me five minutes.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. I desire to say a
word. The reason why my friend from Iowa
docs not ask for two branches is, that the Senate
did not fix the terminus of the Iowa branch at a
point that is not central in respect to that State,
but they left it open to the whole western border
of that State; and I can prove by my friend from
Iowa that such has been my wish in rcspect to
the terminus of the Missouri branch. But the
Senate have taken it upon themselves to fix the
point of starting in respect to my State; and tak-
ng that point to be settled, I think that the public
will, the public good, and the public interest, de-
mand that this additional branch, which will not
exceed fifty miles, and may not be fifteen, in
length, shall be grnnted. I nslc that as a repre-
sentative, upon this particular question, of the
interests of sixof the largest States in the Union.
Mr. CURTIS. In respect to that belt,, in my
opinion, there is nothing of it. It is not a fact that
a gentleman starting from Philadelphia would be
obliged to go over the Hannibal and St. Joseph
railroad, or over any other particular route, to
reach theMissouiiuver. Why, sir, you may reach
it anywhere on a line of four or five hundred miles
in length, that will answer every purpose as a start-
ing point. We have six or seven roads running
through Iowa, any one of which prolonged, as
nowprogressing, would, in my judgment, furnish
a more direct route than the Hannibal and St.
Joseph route. It is the intention that these roads
shall be prolonged. And there is another road
projected through Missouri—the State iine road
—which will prove just as direct as the Hannibal
and St. Joseph road. The representative of every
road tells the public that his road is the most
direct route. Why, sir, every^through line of
road leading from the eastern cities to the Missis-
sippi—from the roads through Canada to the Bal-
timore and Ohio road—all claim that peculiar fit-
ness of shortest, best, and cheapest. So our roads
through Iowa and Missouri will hereafter contend
for these advantages in reaching the Pacific joad.
Let us look at this thing faiily. It is mainly a
question between the Hannibal and St. Joseph
railroad and what is called the Pacific railroad,
in Missouri. The same conflict is engendered
between the roads in Iowa. They are ignored,
just as my friend's road m Missouri is neglected.
Mr. BRANCH. I want to ask the gentleman
a question for information I wish him to inform
56
the House how many miles of railroad are em-
braced in this bill and in the Senate amendments;
and also, whether any practical engineers have
estimated the cost of these roads; and if so, what
ito that estimated cost? What I would ask is the
estimated cost of the three roads proposed, and
their branches.
Mr. CURTIS. There are branches to the dif-
ferent roads, created by the Senate amendments,
which are nothing more than roads in Oregon and
Washington, for which grants of land have been
made just as the other States and Territories have
received grants where the Government owns lands.
They ought not to be counted in this matter. I
throw them out of the estimate. The three roads
will require the construction of about five thou-
sand miles of road; but the Government of the
United States will not give bends for the whole
extent of their cost. There is no such proposi-
tion in the bill. The people of the United States
have constructed thirty thousand miles of road
with but little assistance from the United States;
and under provision of this bill, several thousand
miles more may be added in fifteen years. As to
the question of the estimate of engineers, i will
say, that they have considered and repoited on
all these roads, excepting only th< lr branches.
It is said that no lailroad men would undertake
to organize under this company. All I will say
is, that Mr. Corning, of New York, who ow-ns
more railroad stock than any other man in the
United States, says that the bill is practicable,
even with the amendments of the Senate, and
recommends that it be passed as it is. So Mr.
Farnliam, a well known and distinguished rail-
road man, and many others, advise nie.
Mr. BRANCH. What is the amount that
practical engineers estimate will bo the cost of
these three roads?
Mr. CURTIS. They will cost, it is estimated,
about three hundred million dollars; but the Gov-
ernment of the United States will not be re-
quired to advance any such sum. The bill pro-
vides for the loan of the Government credit to the
amount of $125,000,000, in thirty year bonds.
No money is to be drawn from the Treasury.
Mr. BURCH What will the land be worth
that the Government will give?
Mr. CURTIS. Nothing, if the road were not
constiucted; but what the Government retains
will be largely enhanced in value by the building
of the road.
Mr. BURCH. If the value of the lands be
deducted, the roads will not cost more than
$100,000,000.
Mr. BRANCH. One question in reference to
the cost of these roads; I believe the gentleman
from Iowa is a practical engineer himbelf. The
question I wish to ask him is this: Does he know
of any lailroad in the settled portions of the
United States, where labor is abundant and pro-
visions cheap, built through a mountainous coun-
try, that cost less than $300,000 a mile?
Mr. CURTIS. That is more than roads cost
now, even in the mountains. It is not calculated
that they will cost at this day more than §,40,000
a mile, as they run through mountainsand plains.
We arc now making roads in the West at less
than $20,000 a inileT Roads are constructed upon
the plains and in the mountainous regions of the
country much cheaper than formerly. I now
yield to the gentleman from New York, provided
he will call for the previous question.
Mr. SICKLES. Mr. Speaker, the gentleman
from Virginia, [Mr. Pryor,] at the very outsetof
the consideration of these amendments of the Sen-
ate, assails the measure as impracticable, as un-
constitutional, and utterly beyond the capacityof
this Government to execute. I am willing, sir,
to meet him right at the thieshold, upon all his
j objections; nor shall I detain the House long with
I what I shall have to say m reply. He says it is
impracticable. By that assertion he impeaches
the scientific researches and the mechanical genius
of the age; for, sir, for ten years past the scientific
ability of this country has concentrated its atten-
tion upon the practicability of this work; and I will
accept their demonstration of its feasibility, and
stand upon it, against the naked assertion of the
gentleman from Virginia. When the Baltimore
and Ohio railroad was projected, its originators
were ridiculed as demented, and those who em-
barked in the enterprise were denounced as impos-
tors.
The gentleman from Virginia, to-day, occupies
the same relation to the proposed Pacific com-
munication: that the skeptics of 1830 occupied in
reference to the projected scheme of the Baltimore
and Ohio railroad/ 'When you pass this bill, his-
tory will refute his extravagant objections to this
measure as effectually as experience has demon-
strated the absurdity of the objections made to the
earlier railroad^ projected in this country. At this
moment, Mr. Speaker, when the telegraph carries
our thoughts over sea and land from London to
Calcutta, from the Rhine to the Ganges, is it for
American policy and genius and enterprise to
pause before the rashly-ventured objections of
mere doctrinaires. No, sir. This railroad will be
built. It will be built by American capital and
American capacity.
Nor will there be a very large draft upon con-
stitutional scruples in executing it. I will remind
the gentleman from Vugima that the Cabinet of
Piesident Pierce—in his judgment, I presume, a
wise, cautious, and statesmanlike Cabinet—was
unanimous in the opinion that it was constitu-
tional for the Government to aid in the construc-
tion of a road which would, as this road is re-
quired to do, transport the mails, munitions of war,
and troops of the United States. The Cabinet of
Mr. Bucnanan is also a unit on the same question,
and has been so through all its phases.
Mr. McCLERNAND. _ If the gentleman will
permit me, I will make a single remark, and it is
this: all the great parties in this country, repre-
sented in national conventions, have indorsed not
only the constitutionality, but the feasibility of a
Pacific railroad.
Mr. SICKLES. That is the very next remark
I proposed to make. I believe the gentleman from
Virginia concurred with my friend from Illinois
in his choice of a candidate foi President. That
statesman—I allude, of course, to the honorable
Senator from Illinois [Mr. Douglas]—has been
distinguished for his long and devoted advocacy
of a Pacific raihoad measure. I might also add,
that the Piesident elect of the southern confed-
eracy has advocated and recommended the con-
struction of a Pacific railroad as constitutional
and practicable.
Mr. PRYOR. Does the gentleman state that
Hon. Jefferson Davis favors the construction
of a Pacific railroad ?
Mr. SICKLES. Certainly. General Davis has
frequently ad vocated theconstitutionalityandfeas-
lhihty of a Pacific railroad. 1 heard him myself,
in a speech delivered in Philadelphia when he was
accompanying President Pierce to New York, in-
dorse the constitutionality of the measure.
But, to pass from the authority of individuals,
I affirm, as suggested to me by the gentleman from
Illinois, [Mr. McClernand,} that all the parties
in this country, and oil the platforms which have
been made during the last eight years, have de-
clared, as a settled question of constitutional law
and public policy, that the Pacific railroad is con-
stitutional and practicable and nccessary.
The gentleman from Virginia compares this
work to the Colossus of Rhodes and to the pyra-
mids of Egypt. Why, sir, neither he nor I
know how many thousand years since, human
hands erected those monuments; and it is a poor
compliment to the progress of civilization to say
that the Pacific railroad cannot be built by human
hands in this generation, when three thousand
years ago the pyramids were constructed by the
intellects and the r< sources of that epoch.
Mr. PRYOR. Will the gentleman allow me a
moment?
Mi\ SICKLES. Certainly.
Mr. PRYOR. The gentleman impeaches my
intelligence. Let nte as&urfc him that we have
the testimony of authentic historians for the fact,
