882
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February IB,
that the Egyptian pyramid was constructed by
a courtesan of celebrity out of the wages of pros-
titution.
Mr. SICKLES. I shall not eneage in a dis-
cussion with the gentleman from Virginia as to
the resources of ancient Egypt. 1 presume there
are no reports now accessible, as to its finances;
and in what he now says, I think he is merely
repeating here one of the fictions of Herodotus,
and undertaking to give it the dignity of a fact
by an assertion on this floor. It is like many
other stories of the same author, made to enter-
tain his cotemporaries, and not to enlighten pos-
terity.
The gentleman says we have no credit upon
which toundertake this road. No credit! Why?
Because anarchy has been brought upon theland,
and startled capital from its equanimity. But
there is a better day before us. Kentucky has
spoken,and Tennessee has spoken,and your own
Virginia has spoken, and said to this demon of
anarchy, "thus far shalt thou go,and no further."
[Applause in the galleries.] Credit will be re-
stored; credit will come again with the revived
energies and the restored repose of our people and
the Government.
Mr. PRYOR. The gentleman from New York
alludes significantly to the result of the recent
election in Virginia. Now, once for all, I wish
to speak a woid of this business. The result of
that election has exposed Virginia to the compli-
ments of gentlemen whose praises she will accept
in no grateful sense. What has she done that
she should be the victim of such suspicious ado-
ration ? What crime has she committed that she
should be condemned to so intolerable an expia-
tion ? Permit me to say, sir, that Virginia, by the
result of the recent election, has not pronounced
for submission. She has declared this, and noth-
ing else; that, so far as she is concerned, she is
willing, in the abundance of her patriotic magna-
nimity, to make one more effort to save the Union;
but unless justice and right be rendered her, she
will not hesitate a moment to sever the ties which
bind her to an iniquitous and oppressive associa-
tion. [Applause in the galleries.]
Mr. SICKLES. I have not ventured to be the
prophet of Virginia. I do not predict what she
may do; I only record what she has done, and
what she is now doing; and I do affirm that Vir-
ginia is responding to the magnanimous policy of
Congress and the Executive; yes, she is respond-
ing to the appeal which the northern masses have
made to her, to submit our difficulties to the arbit-
rament of reason, and not of passion. 1 say that
Virginia, in her recent election, declares for the
Union now. What she may do on some future
day, I know not.
.Mr. LUAKE. Will the gentleman allow me
one word ?
Mr. SICKLES. Certainly.
Mr. GROW. Docs the Pacific railroad pass
through Virginia? [Laughter.]
Mr. LEAKE. I want to say one word in sup-
portof thedeclaralion of my colleague. I say now,
to the gentleman from-New York, and through
him to the House, and through this House, if I
could, to the whole northern branch of this Con-
federacy, that Virginia has decided, by a vote of
ene hundred and twenty out of one hundred and
fifty-two members of her convention, in favor of
secession, unless ample guarantees be given her
by the 4th of March.
I state, furthermore, that she never will submit
to the Union as it is now; and by her election she
has determined in the most solemn manner;sho
could determine. She has said this—and this is
all she has said, or means to say—that she is will-
ing to preserve this Union, and is anxious to do
so, if she can get justice; and failing to get jus-
tice, she will look to her own right arm for pro-
tection, and appeal to no earthly power whatever
to take care of her rights.
Mr. PRYOR. I appeal to the gentleman to
allow me a single moment. I will obtrude upon
his courtesy no further. I send to the Clerk's
desk a paragraph from an article in the Richmond
Whig, the organ of the party which triumphed in
the recent election in Virginia—the party of sub-
mission, as they are here stigmatized; but, as I
understand it, the party of resistance in the sense
of valor and of patriotism.
The article was read, and is as follows:
" What was determined bv the late Election.—
We regret to see, from many of our northern exchanges,
that the import of the late election in ihis State is, to a large
extent, tmbundcistuod or misrepresented ni that section-
The impression that Virginia has determined to remain in
the Union as matters now stand—to submit to the rule of
tlte new dynasty under the Chicago programme—is a gross
and pcriucioui error. She ha& decided to do no such thing;
nay, she has decided to do just the rever=e, by a popular
judgment approximating unanimity. She has determined
that her connection with the northern States shall end,
unless satisfactory and inviolable assurances are given that
every constitutional right she has will be recognized and
respected, and that her equality and safety, as a member of
the Confederacy, will be tree from all jeopardy."
Mr. SICKLES. All these interruptions are
quite unnecessary, if they were intended to an-
swer any implication of mine that I understood
the result of the election in Virginia as excusing
gentlemen holding the opinions entertained upon
the other side of the House from just and neces-
sary concessions. I have not sait! nor supposed
that this election terminated all the questions
which have agitated the country. Par fi omit. I
said no such thing. But, sir, while 1 do not mean
by any word 1 may say here, or by any construc-
tion I may put upon any southern election,.to
excuse or release gentlemen on that [the Repub-
lican] side of the House from their full responsi-
bility at this crisis—for the crisis is yet here and
upon us now—yet I may be permitted as an Amer-
ican, as a northern Democrat at least, to con-
gratulate my country,jtiy party, my associates
at home, who have stftod by the South in all her
trials, who have fought side by side with her in
all her battles—I may congratulate the three hun-
dred and twelve thousand Union men of my State
that they have met with a manly, a just, and cor-
dial response from the people of Viigmia and
Kentucky and Tennessee. And that is all I do.
And I may be permitted to add, as I will, that
the common sense of this country understands
the resultof the popularexpression in those three
States to be an earnest, a profound, an intense as-
sertion of their love for the Union, and their con-
fidence in the intelligence and patriotism of the
people. That is the way I understand it; that is
the way the masses of the people understand it.
Mr. Speaker, I did not intend to go into any
extended discussion of these matters, Gut only re-
ferred to them as bearing upon the financial credit
of this Government; and therefore, resuming the
current of my remarks, I say, that if you will
look at the history of Governments and of Admin-
istrations, you will find that they had credit in
proportion as they inspired confidence, in propor-
tion as the Government is made strong in its in-
tegrity. No Government can have credit when it
submits to anarchy. It will have credit when cap-
ital, startled by these sudden and fearful events,
shall have recovered its composure; and thatday
is not far off. The passions which have been
aroused on the remote southern frontier have
found a barrier where they should find it—in
the hearts and purposes of their associate States.
We do not ask them to listen to us, for they re-
fuse; but we know they will not refuse to heed
Virginia and Kentucky and Tennessee.
A single word more, and I will bring these re-
marks, which were only designed to be very cur-
sory and brief, to a rapid conclusion. I say that
the objections stated upon this floor heretofore,
and repeated to-tlay, that this measure is to im-
pose upon the Government an impossible outlay,
is but a characteristic specimen of the exaggera-
tions which are indulged in our discussions.
Sir, this bill does not call upon the Government
to raise one dollar in the present condition of its
credit. No man supposes that this year, or next
year, or the year after, this Government will he
called upon for any sum of money, if we pass this
bill to-morrow. No, sir; and long ere the period
shall arrive when the Government will be called
upon to issue its bonds or stake its credit, we will
have recovered all our energies, and the magnifi-
cent resources and powers of our people will go
on in the development of their destiny on this
continent, and the consolidation of our empire
from the Mississippi to the Pacific ocean.
Mr. GARNETT obtained the floor.
Mr. CURTIS. I thought the gentleman from
New York promised to move the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. SICKLES. Ah! I forgot to do so. I ap-
peal to the gentleman from Virginia, under the cir-
cumstances, to yield me the floor to enable me to
fulfill my promise.
Mr. GARNETT. I, of course, give way to
the gentleman, under the circumstances.
Mr. SICKLES. I demand the previous ques-
tion on the pending amendment.
Mr. HASKIN. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to.
And thereupon (at four o'clock and twenty
minutes,p. m.) the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, February 13, 1861.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The order in ref-
erence to counting and declaring the votes for
President and Vice President was to take effect at
twelve o'clock. The Chair supposes, however,
that the Senate desires to have the Journal read,
as usual. The Secretary will read the Journal.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
MESSAGE FROM TUB HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Hays, Chief Clerk, announced that the
House had passed the bill of the Senate (No.
547) for the relief of the parish ofSt. Matthew's
church, of the city of Washington.
PRINTING OF DOCUMENTS.
The message further announced that the House
had ordered, on yesterday, the printing of the
following documents:
A letter from the Secretary of War, transmit-
ting a communication from the Chief of Ordnance
containing an estimate for increased appropria-
tions for the armament of fortifications, and ord-
nance, &c.—ordered at twelve o'clock and twenty
minutes.
Joint resolutions of the Legislature of Michi-
gan in opposition to the extension of McCor-
mick's patent—ordered at twelve o'clock and
twenty-two minutes.
Joint resolutions of the Legislature of Michi-
gan on the state of the Union—ordered at twelve
o'clock and twenty-one minutes.
COUNTING Of ELECTORAL VOTES.
The message further announced that the House
had passed the following order:
In the House of Representatives,
February 13,1861.
Ordered, That the Clerk inform the Senate that the House
of Representatives is now loady to receive that body for the
putpose of proceeding to open and count the votes of the
electors of the sever.il States for Piesident and Vice Presi-
dent of the United States.
Mr. FOSTER. I present the petition 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state to the Senator from Connecticut that, in pur-
suance of the oider of the two Houses, nothing
is now in order but to proceed to the House of
Representatives.
Mr. BIGLER. I move that the Senate now
proceed to the House of Representatives, in com-
pliance with the order of the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is moved and
seconded that the Senate now proceed to the
House of Representatives, for the purpose of
counting and declaring the electoral votes.
The motion was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state that the usual order of proceeding to the
House of Representatives has been for the Ser-
geant-at-Arms to go in advance; then the Secre-
tary and Presiding Officer, with a messenger
bearing the votes; and then the body of the Sen-
ate. If there be no objection, that order will be
pursued.
The Senate thereupon proceeded to the Hall of
the House of Representatives.
At twenty minutes to two o'clock the Senate
returned to their Chamber.
The VICE PRESIDENT resumed the chair,
and called the Senate to order.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a report of the Seciutary of War, communi-
cating a modified estimate for fortifications for the
next fiscal year; which, on motion of Mr. Hale,
was referred to the Committee on Military Affairs
and Militia.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. FESSENDEN presented the memorial of
