298
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 2,
36th Cong....2d Sess.
State of the Union—Mr. Steivart.
Ho. of Reps.
nor the regard of any section, and deprived of the
fall means of protecting herself in such a state of
betweenity. She would be much like the politician
on the fence, not knowing which way to turn.
Sir, such a position will never be taken by that
gallant State according to any judgment 1 can
form.
Sir, these portentous questions which now divide
the country must now be settled, finally and abso-
lutely. It can only be done, in my opinion, in
either of two ways: upon a solid basis of recon-
struction, leaving no open question for dispute
or difficulty hereafter, but with therightsof every
section and every State and evfcry interest fully
recognized, and under which there may be an
opportunity, if thought advisable, to acquirc any
additional territory, north or south—Canada,
Cuba, Mcxico, Central Amcrica—if a reasonable
opportunity should offer, with an earnest of good
feeling*and brotherhood, as of old; or upon the
basis of a separation between the slavcholdingand
non-slaveholding States, under which two confed-
eracies may be organized or recognized, or, cer-
tainly, but one in the South, strong, powerful,
respectable, and fully competent to protect its
people from all aggression, come from whatquar-
ter it may. In such case, treaties of amity and
commerce,customs and postal arrangements,and
such other international adjustments, may be
adopted, as justice, policy, and good neighborhood
may dictatc. Should such be the final insult of
the existing differences and troubles, I believe
treaties thus made will be better regarded than the
requirements of the present Constitution, from the
lamentable experience we have had.
But it is said that the South will be worse oft
under a separation than she is now, owing to sup-
posed greater facility for our slaves to" escape.
Not at all. It cannot bo worse than it is now,
under any circumstances. Our negroes abscond
now whenever they please; but they are hurried
through the non-slaveholding States to Canada;
and those who enticc them away, and aid them in
their progress, are not willing for them to remain
domiciled in the free States. "When they run
away, and are thus deprived of the wholesome
control of a master, they become nuisances in
Canada; but this inconvenience is not felt in the
free States. Under a separation, when slaves
make off, they would stop as soon as they crossed
the line dividing the slaveholding and non-slave-
holding States. And 1 am sure the people living
alon£ the border of the free States would noon
find it very inconvenient to be burdened with .•such
incumbrances, and they would not long stand the
imposition. Indeed, after the fretful feelings of
the day passed away, combinations would soon
be formed to keep them out; and, I doubt not,
there would be a common-sense return to the old
system, when good neighborhood prevailed be-
tween the border free and slave States, and ab-
sconding slaves were speedily restored to their
owners.
It was usual, before this fell spirit of fanaticism
and internal piracy had corrupted the minds of
so many northern people, that even the old and
sober-sided Quakers on the borders would catch
and return to their owners absconding slaves. I
have seen letters by them of this purport:
Friend Brown : Thy hoy, Samuel, has been loafing about
myprciiii.se??. Presume he has run away irom thee, and 1
have sent-Jnm home to thee. WILLIAM PENN.
Those were the good old times, when honesty
and fairdoalmg prevailed, before abolitionism and
transcendentalism had become infused into the
minds of a self-deluded, gainsaying, and degen-
erate posterity.
It is gravely asked, what has the South suf-
fered to justify her standing up for her rights and
insisting upon a settlement? This is mockery
and bold-faced impudence. What has she not
borne ? To say nothing of the pollutions of the
pulpit, press, and literature, and the education of
their children and whole people to hate the South;
when for years systematic schemes have been
on foot, by which our slaves on the border are
run off by wholesale; when it was worth a man's
life to attempt to recapture them in a free State.
Who has forgotten the diabolical and cold-blooded
treatment of aGorsuch and a Kennedy, estimable
citizcns of our own proud State ? Then we are
constantly threatened by their miserable spies and
incendiaries with attempts to excite our negroes
to insurrection, and all the consequent untold
horrors of a servile war; and a formidable raid,
with pike and gun, prepared for butchery and
death, well organized and equipped, has been
made into the peaceable and sacred precincts of a
sister sovereign State, threatening pillage, plun-
der, incendiarism, and every other hellish crime
known to the calendar, and having the boldness
to seize upon the property of the United States,
the hero of this border foray, canonized by thou-
sands in the North, and which cost the old Com-
monwealth of Virginia thousands of dollars to
meet the contingency of such attacks and threat-
ened subversion of her peacc and quiet.
How would you compare the religion, piety, or
morals, of such an anti-slavory set of propagan-
dists, with the quictand orderly Christianity of the
abused South, when an infamous and incendi-
ary pamphlet, calculated to stir up the worst blood
of the- servile race in our midst, has been published
and made current and commendable by the signa-
ture and indorsement of the great body of north-
ern Representatives on this floor, and circulated far
and wide by stealth, into the slave States; when
we are denied our clear and adjudicated constitu-
tional rights of equality in the Territories acquired
by the common blood and treasure, thus slight-
ing not only the South in this paiticular, but
actually deriding and ignoring the decisions of
the Supreme Court of the United States, the final
arbiter of such questions: when all sorts of laws
and personal liberty enactments are deliberately
passed by northern Legislatures, in direct violation
of an express provision of the Federal Constitu-
tion, which they were sworn to support, guaran-
tying to every slaveholder that his runaway slave
should be returned; when, acting thus,to talk to
us now about the solemnities of the Constitution,
and the inviolability of the oath Lincoln will have
to take to support the Constitution and execute
the laws; when their oaths have been thus so fla-
grantly disregarded? How will an Abolitionist
regard his oath to uupport the Constitution and
execute the laws, when he considers the Consti-
tution a league with the Devil and covenant with
hell; when he wants an anti-slavery Bible, an anti-
slavery Constitution, and an anti-slavery God ? Is
it not blasphemous to administer a sacred oath to
such a man ? You might as well swear a drunken
wine-bibber!
When a party has come into power whose com-
ponent parts, individually and collectively, in
such cases, have thus acted, and who are taken into
full fellowship as a part of the faithful, and who
threaten to drive the South from the common Ter-
ritories, and ultimately extinguish and blot out
forever our institutions, habitually treating with
perfect contempt constitutional guarantees and the
solemn adjudications of the highest court, when
coming in conlliet with their higher law and
damnable heresies, can we hear with patience
the cool inquiry, what have they done? We may
retort, what have they omitted to do that could
annoy us? Are we to wait until the knife of the
assassin is applied to our throats, or shall we trust
to a returning sense of justice, under the scrambles
for place produced by elections? Can the South
be seriously blamed for peremptorily demanding
now to have a final reckoning and ample settle-
ment? One would hardly think that we could com-
mand the common respect of our deadly foes, to
say nothing of our own, if wc aie so weak in the
faith and so reckless of our vital interests as to
pocket all this and listen to the song of the siren—
wait! wait' "Time and tide waif for no man,"
was an old copy set for mc when I was a little
school-boy, in a plain country school. No, sir;
the gallant and true men of the South will no
longer wait, but demand a full settlement, and
trust no longer to your left-handed apologies.
You cannot control your own turbulent people;
you are the victims of an iron, ruthless, and inex-
orable despotism at the polls—spell-bound and
powerless to stay this torrent of agvarianism by
any innate, correct, moral force of your own: and
nothing but the stout, hearty, and manly resist-
ance, and fear of the physical power of the South,
will ever check the floodgates of northern ultra-
ism and diabolical fanaticism. Put it in the bond,
and we will help you, conservative men of the
Noi th, to control this lawless mob that now rules
your destiny. 3f you are^not able to have it in
the bond, you are demoralized and politically
damned; and we do not mean you shall demor-
alize us by your fanaticism and lawlessness. If
we surrender our negro slaves, that will not
stay the insatiate march of agrarianism; you will
then want our property, or a division of it; and
if we surrender our right on this outpost, if you
please, where is the security that the same'fell
spirit of lawlessness that derides constitutions and
decisions of courts, will not overrun every other
sacred right? No, sir; this agrarian spirit must
now be stayed, or all is lost, north and south,
take my word for it.
Mr, Speaker, a candid world, including all the
good, sound, and^tcjie men of the North, as well
as the South, will pronounce thatthere were full,
ample, complete, and unanswerable moral reasons
on the part of the South in dissolving all paper
connection—for it was nothing more—with such
a set of Constitution-despoilers, who had got upon
the inside track, and which all the conservative
and gallant men of the North had not the power
to eject. The mass of elements north, unfortu-
nately holding under their control all others, have
become demoralized; and if acquiesced in by the
South, what is there to counteract this wild and
mad drift of degeneracy? Will it not pervade,
like a moral contagion, in process of time, all sec-
tions, under the corrupting patronage of the Fed-
eral Executive; and will-not the^na^e of the whole
matter be the utter and absolute demoralization
and destruction of pvery constitutional or legal
barrier, to be succeeded by the iron hoof of des-
potism or the grinding tramp of a military dicta-
torship? Under such a state of anarchy the South,
of course, would be the first victim, and lose their
institutions, their negro property, their household
and sacred rights, and their entire liberty; then,
reacting upon the North, they would in turn be
in the same category as to their constitutional
rights. The destruction of their liberty, their
property, and all their dearest immunities, would
be involved in this downward and unfathomable
maelstiom. Isitnota palpable fact that the South,
in standing up in defense of their constitutional
rights, and insisting upon the preservation of our
well-defined and adjudicated rights, is not only
vindicating the great cause of constitutional lib-
erty for her own, but every other section;and that
the result will inure as well to the benefit of the
North as to their own section? And are there not
men all over the country who have sacred rights,
and who desire to see our constitutional liberties
preserved, and not overrun by an unlicensed
and fanatical mob' In such a contest the South
will be victorious, take my word for it. She has
the Constitution and the law, the judgment of the
court, sound religion and old-fashioned piety,
good morals,common sense,and fan* play, on her
side; and such, I doubt not, will be the verdict
pronounced by all honest and fair-minded men.
I have said that if, upon the election of Lincoln,
(the representative of all the lawlessness of the
North,) every southern State had withdrawn from
such an unholy alliance and such a miserable
and disgraceful complication of affairs, the myr-
midons of plunder would have been compelled to
retreat from their advancing position, and the
sound men of the North might have obtained the
ascendency, and the Union have been reconstruct-
ed upon a solid foundation; but, unfortunately,
timid and time-serving counsels prevailed in some
instances, and unwise delays; and now we have
some of the southern States entirely out of the
Union,a n  wgovernment organized south, and tin#
Union dismembered andgone, with little prospect
of reconstruction. The border slave States are
hesitating and undecided as to the proper course to
be pursued, in the midst of this confusion in our
affairs, schemes are on foot by wily and busy
politicians to retain them as a tail to the northern
kite; ill-feeling is beginning to germinate between
the border slaveholding States and the southern
confederated States; and voiy soon, if this policy
of masterly inactivity—I would rather say imbe-
cile supmeness—prevails, we shall be nowhere,
and have no powerand no influence with any sec-
tion to aid in controllingevents for the future. In
my judgment, without delay, as matters now
stand j every border State ought to have its best men
1 selected and assembled m convention, each Stote
