1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
883
Ether Shepley, Joshua B. Osgood, and twenty-
five hundred others, citizens of Portland, Maine,
praying Congress to pass such meosures of con-
ciliation and compiomiseas shall heal sectional
strife; which was ordered to he laid on the table.
He also presented a memorial of citizens of
Gorham, Maine, praying Congress to pass such
measures of conciliation and compromise as shall
heal sectional strife; which was ordered to lie on !
the table.
He also presented a memorial of citizens of
Brunswick and Topsham, Maine, praying Con-
gress to pass such measuies of conciliation and
compromise as shall heal sectional strife; which
was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. HALE presented the petition of Captain
French Forrest, of the United States Navy, pray-
ing for additional compensation for his services
while in command of the Pacific squadron; which
was referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
CIVIL APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Committee on Fi-
nance, to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No.
895) making appropriations for sundry civil ex-
penses of the Government for the year ending
June 30,1862, have instructed me to report it with
sundry amendments. I move that the bill and
amendments be printed; and I desire to give notice
that I shall ask the Senate to take up that bill for
consideration on Friday next, at one o'clock.
The motion to print was agreed to,
DEXTER K. CROCKER.
Mr. LANE. I move to take up bill (S. No.
546) for the relief of Dexter, R. Crockcr.
Mr. FOSTER. I hope not, until petitions are
presented.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot in
the chair.) The Senator- from Oregon moves to
take up the bill indicated by him.
Mr. BIGLER. I appeal to the Senator from
Oregon to allow us to present petitions.
Mr. LANE. I should like to have the bill taken
up now.
Mr. HALE. I hope not,until petitions are m.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator from Oregon yield to the presentation of
petitions ?
Mr. LANE. Certainly.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. FOSTER presented a petition of citizens of
Derby, Connecticut, praying Congress to stand,
firm uy the Constitution of our country as it is,
the Union of the States, and the enforcement of
the laws; and pledging themselves to maintain,
protect, and defend, separately, unitedly, and con-
scientiously, these great principles of public lib-
erty and national safety; which was ordered to
lie on the table.
Mr. DIXON presented a petition of citizens of
Bethany, in the State of Connecticut, praying that
such measures maybe speedily adopted by Con-
gress for the settlement of our present, difficulties
as will embrace substantially the plan of compro-
mise recommended by the representatives of the
border States; and which, they believe, will re-
store tranquillity and peace to our now distracted
country; which was ordered to lie on the table.
He also presented a memorial of C. W. Brad-
Icy, United States commissioner on claims in
China, praying remuneration for his services and
sacrifices in the execution of his duty; which was
referred to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. BIGLER presented the proceedings of a
public meeting held at Wilkesbarre, Luzerne
county, Pennsylvania, on the 1st instant, com-
posed of men of all political parties, in favor of an
adjustment of our national difficulties on the basis
of the resolutions of the Senator from Kentucky,
[Mr. Crittenden,] and also in favor of submit-
ting the same to a vote of the people; which was
ordered to lie on the table.
He also presented a memorial of citizens of
Chester county, Pennsylvania, praying the speedy
adoption of such measures as wili substantially
embrace the compromise proposed by Hon. Mr.
Crittenden; which was ordered to lie on the
table.
Pie also presented a petition of citizens of Fiee-
port, Armstrong county, Pennsylvania, and its
vicinity, praying the adoption of the compromise
measures proposed by Hon. Mr. Crittenden;
which was ordered to He on the table.
Mr. FITCH presented a memorial of citizens
of Monroe county, Indiana, praying the adoption
of the compromise measures proposed by Hon.
Mr. Crittenden; which was ordered to lie on
the table.
He also presented a memorial of citizens of
Orange county, Indiana,praying the adoption of
the compromise measures proposed by Hon. Mr.
Crittenden; which was ordered to lie on the
table.
Pie also presented a memorial of citizens of
Putnam county, Indiana, praying the adoption of
the compromise measures proposed by Hon. Mr.
Crittenden; which was ordered to lie on the
table.
LEGISLATIVE, ETC., APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. PEARCE, from the Committee on Finance,
to whom was referred the amendments of the Sen-
ate to the bill of the House (No. 892) making
appropriations for the legislative, executive, and
judicial expenses of the Government for the year
ending the 30th of June, 18G2, disagreed toby the
House, reported thereon.
The Senate proceeded to consider its amend-
ments to the said bill,disagreed to by the House
of Representatives; and
On motion of Mr. PEARCE, it was
Resolved, That the Senate insist upon its amendments
to the said bill dwimoed to by the House of Reptesenta-
tivc-. a'id ask a coiuerence on the djbdgu'ciug votes ot the
two Honsec theicon.
On motion of Mr. PEARCE, it was
Ordeicc!, That the eoniiinttui' of confctcncc on the pail
o( tin.' Senate be appointed by the Vice Piesident.
Mr. Plaixce, Mr. Latham, and Mr. Dixon
were appointed.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. FITCH,from the Committee on Printing,
| to whom was referred a motion to print five thou*
sand additional copies of the Commercial Rela-
tions of the United States with Foreign Nations,
for the year I860, leported the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
liesolccdj That fom thousand additional copies of the
Commercial Relations of the United States with Foreign
Nations, loi the year ending Septembei 30, I860, bepinucd,
in quaitolorm, ioi thcu&ebf the Senate,and onethoii&and
additional copies for tiio, use of tlio State Department.
CONSULAR AND DIPLOMATIC BILL.
Mr. FESSENDEN, from the Committee on
Finance, to whom were referred the amendments
of the Senate to the bill (Li. R.No. 804) making
appiopiiations for the consular and diplomatic
expenses of the Government, for the year ending
June 30,1SG3, disagreed to by the House of Rep-
resentatives, and the amendment of the House to
the seventh amendment of the Senate to the said
bill, reported thereon.
The Senate proceeded to consider its amend-
ments to the bill (PI. R. No. 864) disagreed to
by ihc House of Representatives, and the amend-
ment of the Plouse to the seventh amendment of
the Senate to the said bill: and
On motion of Air. FESSENDEN, it was
2let>otvcd, That the Senate insist upon its amendments
to the *aid bili, dittoed to by the House of Representa-
tives, (lu-agrce to the amendment of the [louse to the seventh
amendment of the Senate to the said hill, and ask a con-
feioncc on the di«agiccii g votes ofthc two Houses thcieou.
On motion of Mr. FESSENDEN, it was
Ordered, That the committee of conference on the part
of the Senate be appointed by the Vice President.
Mr. Fessenden, Mr. Saulsbury, and Mr.
Ceingman were appointed.
INUNDATION OF Til 13 MISSISSIPPI.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, submitted the
following resolution; winch was considered by
unanimous consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Seeietary of War be requested to
communicate lo the Senate the report of Captain A. A.
Hurnphrey*,topogiaphical engineer®, upon the results of the
sui veys and mve&tiu.mons made under the act ot Congress
directing the toposrapiucal and hydrogrnphical survey of
i the delta of the Mi^u-^ippi liver, with such investigations
I a< nnjriit lead to determine the most practicable plan for
! secunng it fiom inundation.
] CLAIMS AGAINST NEW GRANADA.
| Mr. MASON. There is a bill on the Calendar
i to carrv into effect the convention between the
| United "States and the Republic of New Granada.
| li is simply to authorize a commission to distrib-
ute the fund paid by New Granada under the con-
vention between the two countries. Many citi-
zens of the United States are interested in it. The
bill will take no time; and I ask that it may be
taken up for consideration. The bill I refer to is
Senate bill No. 543.
Mr. HALE. I hope not, until petitions are in.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator from Virginia yield to the introduction of
petitions?
Mr. MASON. This bill will occupy but a few
minutes. It is one of great public interest, and I
think more so than the presentation of petitions.
I ask the Senate to take it up.
Mr. CAMERON. After petitions are through
with, I shall have no objection. 1 ask the gentle-
man to allow me a moment for that purpose. I
have had petitions on my hands for a week, and
I want to get clear of them.
Mr. MASON. The gentleman knows very
well, if I yield the floor I shall not again have an
opportunity to get the biil up.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Virginia moves to take up a bill to carry
into effect a convention between the United States
and the Republic of New Granada.
Mr. MASON. It will take but a few minutes.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S.No.
543) to carry into effect a convention between the
United States and the Republic of New Granada,
was read the second time, and considered as in
Committee of the Whole. It provides that the
President of the United States, by and with the
advice and consent of the Senate, shall appoint
acommissioner, whose duty it shall be, conjointly
with a commissioner appointed by the Govern-
ment of New Granada, to investigate, adjust, and
determine the amount of the claims of citizens of
the United States against the Government of New
Granada, pursuant to the terms of a convention
signed at Washington, on the 10th of Sep tember,
1857. And in like manner the President is to ap-
point a secretary to the commissioner in behalf
of the United States, versed in the English and
Spanish languages, and the board is authorized
to appoint a clerk; and provision is made for the
compensation of the respective officers who are
tobeappointed,and for such contingent expenses
of the commission on the part of the United States
as shall be reasonable and proper. The commis-
sioner on the part of the United States, in con junc-
tion with the commissioner on the part of the'Gov-
cinmentof New Granada, are to be authorized to
make all needful rules and regulations for con-
ducting the business of their commission; and the
Secretary of State is to transmit to the commis-
sioner such papers or records relating to the com-
mission as he may deem proper, or as may be
called for by the commissioners; and at the term-
ination of the commission, all the records, docu-
ments, and all „other papers which have been
brought before the commissioners, or which may
be in possession of their secretary, are to be de-
posited in the Department of State; but the com-
missioner on the part of New Granada is not to
be prevented from depositing in the Department
ofState certified copies or duplicates of papers filed
on behalf of hisGovernment instead of originals.
Upon suggestion by any claimant that a witness
whose testimony may be deemed important to
him, refuses, or is unwilling, to testify in regard
to his claim, it will be competent for the board of
commissioners to issue a commission to some
suitable person to take the testimony of the wit-
ness, and such witness may be compelled to ap-
pear and testify before such commissioners in the
same manner as is now provided by law in the
case of commissions issued from the courts of the
United States. All acknowledgment of indebted-
ness on the part of the Government of New Gra-
nada to claimants, citizens of the United States,
not exceeding in the amount awarded any one
citizen the sum of $1,000, being established by the
award of the board of commissioners, is to be
delivered to the Government of the United States,
and made payable thereto; and the United States
will thereupon assume and pay to such claimants,
at the Treasury, upon the certificate of the board
of commissioners, whatsoever sums of money
shall have been severally awarded them, the Gov-
ernment of the. United States becoming thereby
the creditor of the Government of New Granada,
for the aggregate of all sums so assumed and
paid, and entitled to receive, to that ex&nt, the
