300
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 2,
36th Cons....2d
Militia Law—Mr. Stanton.
Ho. op Reps.
I believe there are masses of sound, constitu-
tional, liberty-loving men of theNorth and North-
west, who are alive to the best interests of every
section of the country, and who are not imbued
with the fell spirit of fanaticism nor agrarianism
which has so deeply and extensively pervaded
the northern mind and seized upon the northern
heart. I would fain desire,'that such gallant
spirits might obtain tlve ascendency, and turn out
the traitors. It were a consummation devoutly
to be wished; but the Abolition sentiment is so
ramified and intrenched, that I have but little
hope of the solid men ever fully succeeding. The
times demand prompt action; and revolutions, we
are told, never go backwards. I fully believe, if
the sound men of the North had the power, they
would cordially and readily acknowledge all of
our rights, and efficiently aid in putting the ship
of State on the right course. It is a melancholy
consideration, in this prostration of all constitu-
tional restraints and safeguards, that they are ne-
cessarily compelled, from their position, to suffer—
the just with the unjust.
Should, by a turn in the tide of public affairs,
the friends of order and good government obtain
the power over their adversaries, as well as our
own, I am satisfied all of our rights would at once
be acknowledged; and therefore it is of no use for
us to be proposing any abandonment of them to
propitiate the miserable element now holding the
ascendency'. Give that element an inch, and they
will take seven miles. We can hope for nothing
from them, except what may be commanded by
our prowess and firmness, and their fears and ap-
prehensions. I sec no wisdom, therefore, in aban-
doning asingle right where that right is undoubted.
Where rights are equal, there may be compro-
mise.
To see the Union of our fathers exist, with the
Constitution in its purity carried out—the right
of every man, every State, and every section,
fully and honestly secured—would be grateful to
every patriot's feelings; but to see the Constitu-
tion cloven down by the hand of arbitrary and
lawless power, with songs of hallelujah to an in-
animate Union, with traitors carrying the flag, is
a sad spectacle. If wc could see the rights of the
States respected, the equality of every one fully
recognized,and the Government administered on
constitutional principles, in its simplicity and per-
fection, it would be calculated to cheer the heart
of the votary of liberty everywhere. In place of
this, to have States dishonored; sections degraded;
the rights of the citizen boldly ignored; civil war
threatened; a set of harpies soon to be at the head
of affairs, proclaiming that they have the reins of
a splendid Government, with all its powers to be
centralized over a people denied their constitu-
tional rights, will be a most gloomy and miserable
denouement in the fulfillment of our destiny.
I must confess, Mr. Speaker, that, although to
you and to me, who have lived through the major
part of our lives, and during the remnant left to
us wo may be able to eke out our earthly exist-
ence under any state of things, yet there is some-
thing due to the unborn millions to come after us,
and to the rising generation now on the threshold
of human action. The present condition of the
country is to me a sad and sorrowful contempla-
tion; and what adds to the gloom, there are scarce-
ly any rays of genial light to scatter the darkness
ahead. To us of the South, we have this consola-
tion left: we are satisfied that we are cherishing
and sustaining the time-honored institutions trans-
mitted tons by a glorious and gallant ancestry,
against the most unnatural, ruthless, and unpro-
voked assaults; and we are standing firmly hy
the sacred pillars of State rights, State sovereignty,
and State equality, and bearing aloft, as well as
we can, the banner upon which are inscribed con-
stitutional liberty and constitutional equality, and
submitting to no degradation.
As we revere the memory of an illustrious line
of revolutionary patriots, we mean, so help us
God, to transmit to our childien 110 tarnished
name, but the everlasting principles of truth, jus-
tice, and constitutional government; and unborn
millions shall not say of us men of the South that
we proved recreant to the high trust confided to
our keeping. No sacrilegious hands shall be laid
with impunity upon our altars; and if traitors at-
tempt, by stealth or otherwise, to pollute our soil,
wo are not the men to make a truce with them;
but they s'hall have the full benefit of our ineffable
scorn and contempt, in arms if necessary, and the
old Maryland line will still gather fresh laurels.
To your tents, 0 Israel!
From these unfinished Halls, reposingon Mary-
land soil, consecrated by the paternal superintend-
ence of the illustrious Father of his Country, and
in sight of his monument, (to the disgrace of the
country still incomplete,) and with the highest
reverence for his noble efforts in defense of con-
stitutional liberty, with his brave and immortal
compeers, who would, if living now, be denied
the right, as slaveholders, to go into the common
territory, as one of the Representatives of our
gallant State, and in this presence, I proclaim to
the sound and true men of Maryland, stand firmly
for your rights; and the God of battles, as well of
eternal justice, will aid in the full, complete, ample,
and universal vindication of our holy cause.
MILITIA LAW.
SPEECH OF HON. B. STANTON,
OF OHIO,
In the House of Representatives,
March 2, 1861,
On the bill to authorize the President to call out the mili-
tary force of the country, and to accept of volunteers in
certain cases.
Mr. STANTON said:
Mr. Speaker: The gentleman from Virginia
objects to this bill upon the ground that Congress
has no power to call forth the militia to suppress
an insurrection against the authority of the Uni-
ted States. In the enumeration of the powers of
Congress, the Constitution provides that—
" Congress shall have power to provide for calling forth
tiie militia to execute the laws of the Union, suppress in-
surrections, and repel invasions."
If the question was as to whether Congress had
power to provide for calling forth the militia to
suppress insurrection against the authority of a
State, it might admit of much more doubt. But
there can be no question about the application of
this clause to insurrections against the authority
of the Union. Its true reading is:
"To execute the laws of the Union, suppress insurrec-
tions acamsttlie authority of the Union, and repei invasions
of the Union."
But a provision in the fundamental law of any
State or sovereignty for suppressing insurrections
means, necessarily and inevitably, insurrections
against the State or sovereignty which creates
and establishes the law. But the idea of a Gov-
ernment not armed with power to suppress insur-
rections or rebellions against its own authority is
such an absurdity that it is difficult to conceive
when or how such an idea could have originated.
It is one of the essential attributes of sovereignty,
without.which no Government can exist for an
hour. Anything short of this is mere anarchy,
and does not deserve the name of government.
But it is said that there is no power to use the
military authority in any State without the au-
thority of the State. This bill does not make any
provision as to when, where, or how, the militia
to be called outunderits provisions shall be used.
If there is no power to use it in a State, without the
consent of the State, then it is to be presumed that
it will not be so used until the consent of the State
is obtained. It is never to be presumed that any
public functionary will be guilty of usuipation, or
111 any way violate the law. If this preposition
be true, it can certainly do 110 harm to pass the
bill and authorize the President to use the militia
for the defense of this District, or of the public,
property in such States as may consent to its being
so used. But whenever .the laws of the United
States are resisted, or its authority denied, whether
within a State or not, then the military power
may go to aid in the execution of the law, either
with or without the assent of the State authorities.
The authority of the United States is supreme
and paramount over the subjects to which its
jurisdiction extends, as well as' over places within
its exclusive jurisdiction. Armed resistance to
the exorcise of its authority over the subjects to
which the power of this Government extends, or
over places under its exclusive jurisdiction, is in-
surrection, or rebellion. And the militia may be
called forth to suppress insurrection wherever
it may be found.
But it is said that this bill creates a military
despotism. It does not give the President a man
more than he has had subject to his call any day
since 1795. It gives him no power to use them,
when called into the service, in any manner differ-
ently from what he may now do. It is not this
bill which makes the militia, when in the service
of the United States, subject to the rules and ar-
ticles of war. That is a provision of the law of
1795, which this bill did not disturb. If this makes
a despotism, it is one that was imposed upon us
by the administration of Washington, under
which we have been growing for sixty-five years,
without knowing it. I hope we shall be able to
survive ita few years longer. I can well afford to
adopt a law which was passed by the framers of the
Constitution in the earlier and better days of the
Republic, and which is sanctioned and sanctified
by the approval of the Father of his Country.
When the gentleman hurls his denunciations at
me, as the author of this despotic measure, I have
only to interpose the broad shield of him who was
" first in war, first in peace, and first in the hearts
of his countrymen," and all his denunciations fall
harmless at my feet.
It is said that this law gives the President power
to call out the militia for an unlimited time. This
bill is a mere supplement to the law of 1795; and
all the provisions and limitations of that law are
applicable to the powers to be exercised under this
bill. This is a mere extension of the provisions
of the law of 1795 to "insurrections against the
authority of the United States." And by that law
the militia called out under it cannotbe kept in the
service more than thirty days after the expiration
of the next session of Congress after they are
called out. This objection, therefore, has no
foundation in fact, and may bo dismissed without
further notice.
We are told that this is a question between the
Constitution and the Chicago platform. I am at
a loss to imagine—and the gentleman has failed
to tell us—what provision of the Chicago plat-
form is supposed to be involved in this bill. It
looks to me much more like an indorsement of the
Bcil-Everctt platform of the " Union, the Consti-
tution, and the enforcement of the laws." And
I confess I am at a loss to imagine how it is that
gentlemen, who rallied under that platform in the
late canvass, fail to stand up to it here when we
propose to carry it into practice. This talk about
putting the Chicago platform, or any other plat-
form, above the Constitution, is the sheerest
sophistry in the world. I apprehend no man
stands upon any political platform becaus^it is
the embodiment of a party creed, but because he
believes it is a true and sound exposition of the
principles of the Constitution. Whenever the
gentleman from Virginia, or any other gentleman,
will show me that any provision of the platform
of my party is m conflict with the Constitution,
I will abandon it at once, without hesitation or
reluctance, and rally round the Constitution in
its purity and integrity. But until this is done,
I will sustain the platform as a sound ami correct
exposition of the principles of the Constitution.
And it is a little remarkable that all the assaults
that have been made upon the Chicago platform
have consisted in mere denunciation, designed to
cast odium upon it as the platform of a party,
instead of pointing out any conflict between that
platform and the Constitution. Now, I am not
to be driven from the support of my party or its
principles by mere denunciation, without some
argument to show that those principles are in
conflict with the Constitution.
The gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Bocock]
complains that the President elect manifests " no
conciliatory disposition." Perhaps if the gentle-
man had pressed his researches into the Constitu-
tion a little further, he might have found a reason
why the President has expressed himself in the
manner he has. If he had turned to the last clause
of article two, section one, of the Constitution, he
would have found a provision which seems to
have entirely escaped his researches. I will read
it, that the gentleman from Virginia, and other
gentlemen 011 that side, may no longer remain
ignorant of it:
" Before he euter on the execution of his office, ho shall
