1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
885
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is copied from prior
resolutions.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. FITCH, (while Me. Simmons w.ts address-
ing the Senate on the tariff bill.) I dislike very
much to interrupt the Senator from Rhode Island,
or any other gentleman, while speaking; but I ap-
peal to his courtesy to yield me the .floor for a mo-
ment, for a personal explanation, though on a mat-
ter which is, perhaps, of little importance in itself.
Mr. SIMMONS. Certainly.
Mr. FITCH I desire the Clerk to read an ex-
tract, which I have marked, from the report pre-
sented to the House of Representatives yesterday,
on the subject of the Indian bonds. It is very
brief,
The Secretary read, as follows:
" By reference to tlie absti act marked 'A,' herewith trans-
mitted, it will be seen that the Government still holds State
bonds and certificates and United States stocks for certain
Indian tribes to the amount of $2,525,241 82. These bonds,
as well as the eight hundred and seventy abstracted, and one
Indiana bond handed to Hon. G. n. Fitch, and not leturned
by him to the Depaitment, for reasons assigned in his cor-
respondence with Godaid Bailey, were purchased from time
to time, by authority ot law, with the money of the Indians
aribing tiom treaty stipulations."
Mr. FITCH. H^d the correspondence been
published in the Globe, of course it would have
borne its own explanation, and I should never
have alluded to it; but that not being published,
I deem it proper to state the reasons why this
bond has not been returned. It is the bond to
which I alluded a day or two since, when asking
the Senate to refer, with instructions, a certain
bill to the Judiciary Committee, in order to bring
to a close the controversy between my State and
the United States relative to payment of interest
on Indiana bonds held in trust by Government.
Some yeais since (to state briefly the manner in
which the bond came into my possession) the
Secretary of the Interior, either personally or
through some clerk—I do not recollect, it is im-
material which-—stated to me, as one of the Sen-
ators from Indiana and a member of the Commit-
tee on Indian Affairs, that these bonds were held
in trust by him for the Indians, and the interest
was unpaid by Indiana; that he was about to ask
Congress to authorize him, or some one else, to
institute proceedings in law, or in some other
manner, for the security or recovery of the amount
of the bonds and the interest, unless the State
consented to some arrangement by which the in-
terest was promptly paid.
Of course, like any representative from any
other State, I was unwilling that my State should
be placed before Congress m the attitude in which
a debate on any such proceedings would place it;
and at the suggestion, therefore, of the officer
with whom the conversation was had, I opened
a correspondence with the then executive of In-
diana, upon the subject; and in order that the
application on the part of the Department should
be thoroughly understood by the State Executive,
and the class of bonds known, the Secretary
placed in my hands one of the bonds—a $1,000
bond—as a specimen of its class, that I might in-
close or describe it to the Governor. The cor-
respondence resulted, as I remarked the other day
in the debate, namely: in my discovering that the
bond was of a class which the State supposed it
had provided the means of paying, or at least re-
leased itself from any direct liability for payment
in other manner, by the passage of the bill by
which it agreed to surrender the Wabash and
Erio canal for the bonds. The United Stales never
surrendered the bonds in their possession, m or-
der to exchange them for certificates m the stock
of the canal; and it is not now, nor was it two
years since, probable that Congress would au-
thorize such an exchange, because the canal has
proved worthless. By this correspondence, there-
fore, 1 learned that the bonds were no better, ap-
parently, than waste paper; aiid hence some care-
lessness, probably, in not seeing that the one
placed m my hands was immediately returned to
the Department. During the correspondence that
bond became mislaid, whether among the Gov-
ernor's papers or mine, I know not; but having j
boon placed m my custody by the Department, -
and I alone being responsible for its return, it ;
should be among my papers, and therefore I as- |
stime all the responsibility and all the blame, if I
blame there be, for its not having been promptly
returned.
That it will be found and returned, there can
scarce be a doubt. It will thus be seen that one
of the, perhaps too few, good-natured acts of my
life; ail act to which I assented out of regard, on
the one side, to the good name and reputation of
my State; and, on the other, a desire, in the dis-
charge of what I felt to be a duty, to save to the
United States Treasury a sum annually appro-
priated to meet interest which the officers of the
Government claimed was due from that State, has
caused my name to be lugged into this House
report in a sort of semi-juxtaposition with a recent
matter, and one altogether foreign to that which
was the subject of correspondence between the
Department and myself. I say with the Depart-
ment, because part of the correspondence was
directly with the Secretary, not all, as the report
would imply, with his clerk. A description of
the bond is recorded in the Department, and its
identification therefore easy. As the matter oc-
curred some years (two, or thereabouts) since, as
it had no connection, direct or remote, with that
which it was supposed the committee was ap-
pointed to investigate, as no loss could, by any
possibility, occur from it to the United States, or
gain to any individual, I do not, I confess, clearly
comprehend the necessity for making allusion to
ita part of the report. Neither is the motive any
more clear Relative to that,however, I will i
dulgein no supposition, trustingit was one whii
if known, would commend itself to respect.
THE TARIFF.
On motion of Mr. CAMERON, the Seriate, as
in Committee of the Whole, resumed the consid-
eiation uf the bill (II. Ii. No. 338) to provide for
the payment of outstanding Treasury notes, to
authorize a loan, to regulate and fix the duty on
imports, and for other purposes.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair is
advised that there are several amendments which
have been reported from the select committee;
and the first tiung in order will be the considera-
tion of the amendments reported from that com-
mittee.
Mr SIMMONS. Mr. President, as this bill
is brought up for the purpose of being considered
by the Senate at the present time, I shall proceed
to state, for the information of the Senate, the
grounds taken by the committee, and the reasons
upon which they have based the amendments
they propose to it. I had not supposed myself
that this bill would be taken up this morningany
further than to assign it for consideration to-mor-
row; and perhaps I have not here some of the
data which I intended to read. If the Senate pre-
fer to take these amendments up in the order in
which they are proposed, and act upon them, I
will explain them; but I litue been requested to
state the geneial grounds on which these amend-
ments are suggested by some members who are
in favor of the bill.
Mr. SEWARD. I wish to make a suggestion
to the Senator from Rhode Island.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator from Rhode Island yield ?
Mr. SIMMOXS. Certainly.
Mr. SEWARD. I understood the honorable
Senator to ask whether it was proposed to take
up the amendments fust, or that he should go on.
Mr. SIMMONS. Yes, sir.
Mr. SEWARD. I wish simply to give him
notice that, at the proper time—to suit his own
convenience about it—I shall propose to strike
out of this bill the provisions, as well of the
amendments as of the original bill, for abolishing
or modifying the warehousing system of the Unt-
I ted States. I will submit that motion at his con-
j vcnience, cither now or at any other time.
Mr. SIMMONS. Well, sir, perhaps it might
have been as well for the Senator from New York
to hear the reasons for tliatamendment before he
concluded to vote against it.
Mr. SEWARD. I gave the honorable Sena-
tor notice that I desired to hear him; and so I
suspended the offering of the amendment until I
should hear his remaiks.
Mr. SIMMONS. 1 was about to say. when I
was interrupted, that the committee to winch this
subject was referred had first to consider the state
of the finances of the country. Having obtained
a report from the proper Department of the result
of the operation of the present tariff for the three
entire years that it has been in operation, together
with the returns of the first half of the current
year, with the estimate of the Secretary of the
Treasury for what will come in in the two remain-
ing quarters of the present year, we found that,
under the provisions of the tariff act of 1857, there
have been thrown on the market in.the first three
years $1,017,000,000, upon which there ha,ve been
paid $144,000,000 in duties. The current year,
taking what has been paid for the first two quar-
ters, and what has been estimated by the Secre-
tary of the Treasury for the next two, will give
$40,000,000 of revenue; and thus we have,forfour
years, $184,000,000 of duties upon importations
of about $1,300,000,000; showing an average duty
of 14i per cent., and an average income of the
sum of |46,000,000. The expenditures for the
three years, which are entire years, under this
bill, have been $66,000,000 per annum. Last year
they were only #60,000,000; but it will be recol-
lected that the Post Office appropriation bill for
that year failed, and was paid during this year;
making an average of §68,000,000 for each year
of the last three, exclusive of payments on ac-
count of interest on the public debt. That is just
$20,000,000 more than we have received annually,
beside the interest on the public debt; which, at
the end of the present fiscal year, will amount to
over $5,500,000 per annum. When this Admin-
istration came into power,there was apublic debt
requiring about $1,500,000 interest per annum.
That debt has been increased, and will have been
increased, by the end of this fiscal year, to an
amount which will require $4,000,000 additional
per annum; making a deficit, under the present
tariff law, of $24,000,000 annually; for, I take
it, that the incidental payments—payments for
claims, &c.—will absorb all that we receive from
the public lands.
We therefore had to provide, or seek to provide,
for a deficiency of from $20,000,000 to $24,000,000
a year; and like all other questions of this kind,
it is very easy for people to complain of any mode
for increasing your revenue, but very difficult to
find anybody willing to pay a dollar towards its
increase. I have found that the invariable rule.
Every interest that you propose to require money
from, comes here with a protest and a committee
to back it up invariably. We therefore supposed
it was our duty to propose a measure that would
increase this revenue at least $20,000,000 a year.
The rate of duty under the present law having
realized about 14| per cent., the actual rates would
be 16 per cent, if equal amounts were imported
in all the scheduhs. We propose to carry the
measure up to an average.of 20 per cent, upon the
whole importations—about what the late Secretary
! of the Treasury in his first annual report said this
present bill would yield. It is an addition to the
present rates of about one third—nearly 30 per
cent. We have endeavored to attain that end.
Wo have carried up many of the articles of these
schedules from one fourth to one third, embrac-
ing many things on the dutiable schedules that
have hitherto been free. In almost every ques-
tion in which we have imposed higher rates of
duties than the existing law, we have been met by -
delegations fairly representing the wishes, un-
doubtedly, of those who sent them here, remon-
strating against the increase.
I have now given a general outline of the ne-
cessity of this bill. I believe nobody supposes
that in any probable contingency we can import
any considerable amount annually more than we
have done for the last three years. There were
larger importations in those three years than there
have been for any three years since the existence
oftheGo vernmen t, by a very considerable amount.
They were 15 or 20 per cent, larger than they
ever were befoie, in any three previous years.
They were three very prosperous years, inter-
rupted at one time, in 1857; but the aggregate
amount of importations in that year was nearly
$300,000,000, including the quantity in the ware-
house. In raising this revenue, the committee
concluded to go upon the general plan, where they
had made specific duties, of placing about 25 per
cent, upon the fair, wholesale market value of
goods, as the duty specifically to be laid, where
the value was known to them. Where those
values were not distinctly known in this country,
they have fixed upon a rate of 30 per cent, as a
maximum upon those articles which come in com-
