1861.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
SOI
36fH Cong....2d Sess.
Militia' Law—Mr. Stanton.
Ho. of Beps.
take the following oath or affirmation: < I do solemnly
swear (or affirm) thai I will faithfully execute tile office of
President ot the United States, and will, to the best of my
ability, preserve, protect, and defend, the Constitution of
the United States.'"
There is another provision in the third section
of the same article, of which the gentleman seems
to be entirely ignorant, Which reads in these
words:
" He [the President] shall take care that the laws be
faithfully executed."
The President elect doubtless considers the
laws imposing duties on imported goods as in full
force, and therefore to be " faithfully executed."
"What else could he say? What else can he do?
If their execution is resisted, I take it for granted
that the President will use just so much force as
may be necessary to " see the laws faithfully exe-
cuted." Those who oppose their execution, by
"levying war against the United States," are
guilty of treason; and it will be the duty of the
President to see that the laws for the punishment
of treason are executed, as well as the laws for
the collection of duties on imports. And I trust
the President elect will do his whole duty, so far
as the power at his command will enable him to
do it.
But we are told that this will be coercion, and
that the border States will not permit coercion to
be used to execute the laws in the cotton States.
I am very reluctant to believe that the border
States occupy any such humiliating position.
That they will constitute themselves the bottle-
holdersand backers of a nestof conspirators, who
are in open and undisguised rebellion against the
Government of the United States, to which they
still profess to be loyal, I am not yet prepared to
believe. I think those who represent the border
States as occupying this position are not correet
exponents of public opinion in those States. If
they are, I confess I am at a loss to see how they
differ from or are more loyal than the cotton
States. In fact, the position of the cotton States
is the more honorable and manly of the two.
They avow their treason openly and publicly,
and accept all the consequences and responsibili-
ties which result from it. If the border States,
while professing loyalty to the Constitution and
the Union, avow their determination to become
accomplices of treason if the Government attempts
to exercise the powers which are indispensable to
its existence, they are certainly just as hostile to
the Government as the cotton States.
But it is said that this force is not needed for
the defense of the Government and the execution
of the laws; that the regular military establish-
ment and the militia of the District of Columbia
are sufficient. He overlooks entirely the fact,
stated ill my opening remarks, that the regular
Army has been so scattered, that five thousand
troops could notbe concentrated hei e in sixty days.
For this the country is indebted to the gentleman s
distinguished fellow-citizen, the late Secretary of
War. His object, doubtless, was to leave the
country defenseless, that it might fall an easy pley
to a treasonable conspiracy. As to the militia of
the District, without calling in question the fidel-
ity of that force to the Government, under all cir-
cumstances and m all contingencies, it is enough
for mc to say that it is too few m numbers, and too
defective m military discipline and skill, to meet
such a force as may be brought against it. It is,
therefore, the imperative duty of Congress to em-
power the President to meet any exigency that
may arise. . ,
It is said, also, that the President elect is the
head of a sectional party which is a foreign power
to the slaveholdmg States. If this be true, it is
equally true that tile slaveholding States are for-
eign and hostile to the fice States, and that the
free States have submitted to the government of
this power from the organization of this Govern-
ment to the present time, with brief and inconsid-
erable intervals. If sectionalism has become in-
tensified of late, how has it happened, and who is
to blame for it? To go no farther back- than 185U,
the gentleman from Virginia is perfectly aware
that the compromise measures of that year were
declared to be a permanent settlement of all sec-
tional controversies, and the allegiance of good
citizens was required to those measures as a test
of loyalty and patriotism. In 1854, the gentle-
man from Virginia, with his southern friends, ana
a few demagogues from the free States, repealed
the Missouri compromise, and brought all the
power and patronage of this Government into re-
quisition for the purpose of establishing slavery
in Kansas, in violation of that solemn compact,
and in defiance of the will of the people of the Ter-
ritory. If sectional parties have resulted from this
action of the South, with what face can gentlemen
charge the responsibility of it to the free States?
"Thou canst not say I did it: never shake
Tlly gory locks at me."
Gentlemen from the South have " sown the
wind, and they must now be content to reap the
whirlwind."
The gentleman's colleague [Mr. Prtor] insists
upon it that this bill is a declaration of war, be-
cause the Republican party never intend to ac-
knowledge the independence ofthesecedingStates.
If he means by this that the incoming Republican
Administration does not intend to acknowledge
the independence of the seceding States, he is
undoubtedly correct. The President elect will be
sworn to preserve, protect, and defend the Con-
stitution, and that Constitution confers upon him
no power to release or discharge any portion of
the States, or of the people, from their allegiance
to that Constitution. And I presume that the
President will exercise all the powers conferred
upon him by the Constitution and the laws made
in pursuance of it, in the execution of the laws,
which he will be sworn to " see faithfully exe-
cuted." Andl certainly desire the passage of the
bill now under consideration, to enable him the
more effectually to discharge that duty.
But the President is a prudent and sensible man,
and therefore will not resort to the use of armed
force in the execution of the laws, when it can
possibly be dispensed with. And if the people of
any State do not desire the Interposition of the
Federal Government for the maintenance and sup-
port of the Federal judiciary and the execution
of the process of the courts of the United States,
I presume there will be no effort to force it upon
them. These laws are designed mainly for the
benefit and protection of the people of the States
wheie they are situated; and if they do not desire
their execution, they may, for the time being,
remain inoperative. But the laws for the collec-
tion of the revenues arising from duties on im-
ports, which are necessary for the support and
maintenance of the Government, must be executed
at once. Charleston, Savannah, and New Orleans,
cannot be left open to the admission of foreign
imports duty free, so as to divert the foreign com-
merce of the country from Boston, New York,
Philadelphia, and Baltimore, and deprive the Gov-
ernment of the revenue which is indispensable to
its very existence. If the seceding States resist
the collection of duties in these ports, and make
war upon the authorities of the United States to
prevent it, then we must have war; and upon their
heads be the responsibility for all the horrors and
calamities that may result from it.
This Government cannot be permitted to fall to
pieces, and its several parts to form separate con-
federacies and governments, by any power short
of that which created it. If there is to be any
reorganization or leconstruction of the Govern-
ment, it can only be done by a national convention,
called in,the manner prescribed by the Constitu-
tion, with plenary power to settle all questions
that may be brought before it, either with a view
to the protection or preservation of the present
Union, or for the separation of the States into
separate confederacies. In the mean time, the
existin" Constitution and Government must be
sustained, and the laws executed, whenever the
exigencies of the service may require, thioughout
our entire territorial limits.
The gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Pry on] is
slightly mistaken when he says the author of this
biU avows it to bo " to authorize the subjugation
of sovereign States." If he regaids the collec-
tion of dut^s 011 imports in the ports of a seceding
State, in the manner 1 have indicated, as a sub-
jugation of the State, then he is right; if not, then
he is wrong. . r,r n i
The gentleman from Virginia [Mr.
quoted Alexander Hamilton in support of the
proposition that Congress has no power to coerce
a State. I confess 1 was a Utile surprised when
I read the extiact from Hamilton in the gentle-
man's speech, to find such sentiments corning
from such a source. But, upon turning to the
debates from which it was taken, I find that the
gentleman has been misled, probably, by taking
it at second hand from somebody else, without
being aware of the context from which it was
taken. The sentence quoted by the gentleman is
taken from a speech of Mr. Hamilton in the New
York convention which adopted the Federal Con-
stitution, and will be found in volume two, page
232, second edition of Elliot's Debates. The ques-
tion under consideration was, whether the laws of
the United States ought to operate directly upon
the people, or whether they should only operate
upon the States in their corporate capacity. On
the one hand it was claimed that the Federal Gov-
ernment ought to adopt the theory of the old Con-
federation, and raise the revenues and the armies
that might be necessary for the support of the
Government, by requisitions upon the States, and
let the State Legislatures provide all the ma-
chinery for levying and collecting taxes from the
people. Mr. Hamilton was arguing against this
theory, and in support of the power in the Federal
Government to levy and collect taxes under its
own laws and by its own officers, without calling
upon the States. And it was said by him, that
if a State refuse to pray its proportion of the ex-
penses necessary for the support of the Govern-
ment, or furnish its quota of troops, it could only
be compelled to comply by making war upon it.
And upon this subject he says, as quoted by the.
gentleman from Virginia:
" It has been observed that the attempt to coerce a State
is one of the maddest projects ever devised. A failure of
compliance will never be confined to a single State,", &c.
Coerce a State to do what? To pay money or
to raise troops for the support of the General Gov-
ernment. Make war upon a State to compel the
State authorities to comply with a requisition
or command of the Government! This is the
thing Mr. Hamilton deprecated, and was arguing
against. To avoid this, he was m favor of doing
precisely what we now propose to do—have the
General Government collect its revenues directly
from the people, under its own laws, by its own
officers. It never entered Mr. Hamilton's head
that this could ever be regarded as coercing or
making war upon a State.
The two gentlemen from Kentucky [Mr. Simms
and Mr. Burnett] both claim that this law is
unconstitutional, because it authorizes the Presi-
dent, as they say, to appoint the officers. It is
claimed that these volunteers can only be called
out as militia of the States; and that, therefore,
the officers would be appointed by the States. I
admit that the force provided for in.this bill is
State militia, and that the officers must be ap-
pointed by the authority and under the laws of
the State. This bill simply authorizes the Pres-
ident to accept and receive into the service of the
United States organized companies or regiments
of volunteers from any State; which would, of
necessity, be organized according to the laws of
the State from which they come. Organized com-
panies or regiments, of necessity, include the
officers required by the laws of the State, ap-
pointed or elected in the manner required by those
laws.
It is true that this bill differs from former laws
in requiring the officers to be commissioned by
the President. But the " commission" is not the
" appointment" of the officer. It is only the evi-
dence of his appointment. And the Presidentcan
4< conimission" no officer who has not been pie-
viouslv clected or appointed in pursuance of the
laws of the State from which he comes. In Ohio,
all State and county officers are elected by the
people; but they are "commissioned" by the
Governor. And, I apprehend, nobody ever sup-
posed that this gave the Governor power to ap-
point all State and county officers in Ohio.
I will state in all candor and frankness why the
Committee on Military Affairs considered it im-
portant to have the officers commissioned by the
i' President, instead of the Governor of the State
from which they come. There is nn doubt the
'i Governors of several of the States who still pro-
j' foss to owe allegiance to tins Government aie in
h fact disloyal, and desire the overthrow of this
i! Government. It may very well be supposed that
j| officers selected and commissioned by the Gov-
