886
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 13,
petition with the labor and industry of our coitn-
try. As an exception to this, they have raised
the duty to 33^ per cent, on such wines as are not
specific. They have put a specific duty upon the
higher cost wines, as well as a specific duty upon
brandies and spirits.
I make the statement of the general outline of
the plan. It will not do for Senators to criticise
this measure by the statements that have been
printed and laid on our tables, in order to see
whether or not we have exceeded those rates.
During; the investigation on this subject, there has
been an unusual degree of interest manifested
throughout the country. Various memorials have
come here saying this was suddenly sprung upon
the country, asking us to delay its consideration
until they could find out what the provisions of
this bill were; but we could find no reason for
delay when we came to reflect that this bill has
been printed more than two years; that it passed
the House of Representatives very nearly a year
ago; was printed in all the newspapcrs;came here
to the Senate, and was referred to the Committee
on Finance, I believe, on the 10th of May last;
and has been, so far as the friends of a sound
system of duties are concerned, approved of and
intended to be passed from that day to this, when-
ever there was an opportunity to get at its con-
sideration.
We have endeavored strictly to confine our-
selves within the rules that I have stated in the
general route of travel in changing this revenue
system* We have not been unmindful, at the
same time, of the effect that such increased rates
of duty would have upon the industry of the
country, upon the consumers of merchandise of
the country, and its effect upon commerce; for,
let me say, that every member of that committee,
so far as I know, and I believe every one, ex-
pressed the opinion that they regarded the navi-
gating and commercial interests of this country
with as high a degree of favor as any other pur-
suits in the country. There is no purpose to
trench upon them or to raise this revenue to their
detriment any further than a sufficient revenue
may prove a detriment to ail who have to pay the
taxes. There was no purpose of crippling any
branch of trade. The delegations that have been
before us from the different cities lepresenting
the commercial and navigating interests of the
country, have all been assured that we intend no
hostile purpose against those branches of busi-
ness and industry; and 1 trust they were assured
in such a manner that they will teturn to their
constituencies and make that deckuation without
hesitation.
The Senator from New York has called my
attention to the warehousing system; and as that
is upon my mind, 1 will speak upon il now. The
committee have very much increased the time
allowed by the bill as it came from the House of
Representatives. That biil required the duties to
be paid within one month h om the tune of entry,
and all goods in warehouse io p'iy the duties in
cash within thirty days from the passage of this
bill. We have taken into considi-iation (he pe-
culiar state of the country, the vast amount of
imports now in the warehouses, and in order to
prevent a sudden call on these importers for the
amount of revenue upon those imports, have con-
cluded to postpone the operation of the bill in ref-
erence to the warehouse system for nearly five
months, until the 1st of July next, leaving the im-
porters of those goods an opportunity, and then,
after that time, we are not to call for the duties
under three months, postponing all claim upon
the goods now in warehouse until the 1st of Oc-
tober next, unless they desire to take them out
sooner for consumption. We considered that was
due to the presentcondition of the country—altered
as it has been in many respects since the orders
for these goods was given—in older to relieve the
importers from any sudden call on them for the
payment of these duties, much as the Treasury
required them. 1 am told that the amount of these
goods at present in warehouse is from $50,000,000
to $60,000,000, wiih an amount of duty on them j
perhaps, of £10,000,000 or $12,000,000. <
We have then made a fuither provision that, |i
after the duties have bcen*paid ,thu importers shall j|
have a right to roship these goods to any port in
a foreign country any time withm six months
thereafter, and have a return of the duties, with
a reduction of 1 per cent, J suggested to a meet-
ing of a committee of the Chamber of Commerce
of New York, that, if it was to their conve-
nience, I would be willing to extend it to nine
months beyond that time; makingin all, from the
time of entry to the time at which they would
have a right to a return of the duties, one year.
A single member of that committee said that?
he thought that ought to be satisfactory; others
thought the time should be extended even further;
but, upon consultation with other members of the
committee, we thought that that was as long a
time as was safe for the Treasury. We thought
it was the duty of the committee to look to the
interests of this Government. One of the reasons
for not extending the time for the payment of
duties is this: goods go into warehouse to a very
much larger extent than usual when there is a re-
vulsion in trade. At the very time when the Gov-
ernment is getting but very little money from im-
portations, owing to the stagnation of business,
what little imports come in go into warehouse to
avoid the payment of duties, as we have seen
within the last sixty days; and we have been
driven into the streets for money with the exac-
tions that have been made upon this Government,
of from 12 to 36 per cent, per annum, for the loan
of money for a year.
That circumstance seems to be brought up here
by some members of the Senate as a matter of
gratification to them that the Government of the
United States should be reduced to these necessi-
ties. It is a matter of great mortification to me
that the credit of this Government should be im-
paired  nder any circumstances; and it is for the
rcasormhat we cannot afford to give these exten-
sive credits that we have hitherto done, that the
committee thought it prudent and expedient, nay,
even indispensable, to the safety of the Govern-
ment that they should be shortened. When cred-
its were extended, and this warehouse system was
first adopted, one year was the extent of the term
for which they could he in warehouse; but,asour
resources increased, we had vast amounts of
money in our Treasury doing nobody any good,
locked up from the community; and these credits
were enlarged in order that the money might do
good to somebody, and they were enlarged with-
out interest, and properly enlarged; for any facil-
ity we can give to trade and commerce, without
paying too dearly for it ourselves, we ought cheer-
fully to give. But when we come to such a pass
that the interests of the Government require us
either to exact this pay m a reasonable time, or to
go into the street to hire money to carry on the
Government, I think duty to the Govcrnmentre-
quiies us to shorten the credit within a reasona-
ble time, not to shorten it so that we should em-
barrass the importers of merchandise. We propose
to give them three months to look about them-
selves, and make arrangements a*nd negotiations
by which to obtain money to pay these duties;
whereas the hill, as it originally passed the House,
provided that the duties should be paid in thirty
days.
Another consideiat ion for not extending the time
for tins drawback beyond nine months is this:
these debentuie bonds, as they used to be called,
where goods were subject to drawback, will ac-
cumulate and enlarge themselves according to the
length of the time (hey are outsumdinG;; and we
thought that the sum of $3,000,000, or $6,000,000,
perhaps $10,000,000, m active times of commerce,
would be as much as it would be safe to allow to
accumulate against the Treasury m prosperous
times; for it will bo recolicctrd that the period of
the greatest exportation of tins foreign merchan-
dise that is m our warehouses, is when there is a
revulsion of trade in this country. When the mar-
ket is dull here, merchants look abroad to seli the
goods that are m warehouse. When the market
is dull here, the receipts of the Treasury ore small;
and at the very time when wc shall be receiving
the least into the Treasury, there will be most of
these goods exported, and most of these deben-
tuie bonds come upon the Treasury for payment;
so that it will cut us off at both ends. We shall
be receiving little and paying out much in times
of repulsion. Five oi six million dollars, in my
judgment, is as much as it is safe to let accumu-
late against the Treasury at such times. For tin*
reason, we thought we should notcxtcndthe time,
after duties are paid, beyond nine months, i am !
willing to do that much for the convenience of the ;
merchants. j
I have stated it to these different gentlemen, who
represented the great commercial cities, and I had
thought and cxpected that the disposition of the
committee to do everything withm the verge of
prudence that they could do, without jeopardiz-
ing the Treasury too much, would have satisfied
these importers of foreign merchandise. But, Mr.
President, whatever these delegations may say
when they return to their constituents, I will say
for them that theypressed their free-tiade notions
here, and their adherence to that idol with more
than an eastern devotion. Nothing will induce
them to give up this idea of having goods remain
three years without paying duties. No conces-
sions that I have been able to make will appease
them; and therefore, notwithstanding the state-
ment of the Senator from New York, if he shall
move to strike this all out, and leave it at three
years, I shall appeal to the Senate, when that
time comes, to protect the Government of their
country. I shall be as liberal as I think the Gov-
ernment can afford to be; for it is a great deal
more pleasant to be liberal than to be exacting,
and more according to my disposition; but I know
it is time that this Government was looking about
it, and providing means for its expenses without
resorting to loans every year.
I have stated that for four years I have endeav-
ored to induce those who had the charge of the
finances of the Government to look at this thing as
it was, and try to provide a remedy for it. We
have been put off with promises and hopes and
delusions that this thing would yet come outright;
that we should get moneyenough under the pres-
ent tariff to carry on the Government. Instead
of that, we have got an average of $46,000,000 a
year, for four years, in the most prosperous times
the country ever knew for importations. As to
these estimates in regard to the receipts for the
?resent two quarters, 1 say nothing about them.
take them as the Secretary hands them, whether
too much or too little. I never venture, myself,
to say what six months will bring in. I can only
tell, and only profess to be able to tell, very nearly
what $100,000,000, under any particular tariff,
will yield in revenues; but as to how many hun-
dred millions will come in in a year, is a matter I
never have ventured a conjecture on.
As to these immense rates which have been
charged in this bill, and which have been got up
to elucidate the difficulties of collecting the reve-
nue with specific duties, or with duties partly
specific and partly ad valorem, I believe 1 shall
defer any comments upon them until we come to
the practical application on the amendments which
the committee have reported. I will only say, in
passing, that these gentlemen who have called on
me have appeared to be very candid men. They
have answered every question I have asked them,
as to the market value of the goods thr>y have
made calculations upon, with the utmost frank-
ness. I have no doubt they intended to make
these statements fairly; but they have been most
egregiousiy mistaken as to the laws of the Uni-
ted States for the collection of revenue that now
exist, and as to the probable results of this bill
now under consideration. In many instances, I
sec they vary 20 or 30 per cent, upon the duties
now imposed upon the merchandise that they
pass upon. For instance, they take carpets, and
they say the piesent duty is 39 per cent.; and we
are going to raise it to a fabulous amount. If I
understand the act of 1857, and the men who are
importing under it tell me aright, the duty now is
24, instead of 19 per cent. Then, in all these cal-
culations, I see they reckon the pound sterling at
^4 44. Everybody that knows anything about
it, knows that our laws require duties to be as-
sessed at $4 £4 to the pound sterling; so that they
meke the cost less and the duties more upon this
specific amount by 10 per cent., besides what mis-
takes they make in reckoning the rates of duty;
and they moke a vast increase in these duties,
when m fact there is no increase at all.
I was struck with one of these tables that
showed the enormous rates on woolen goads and
shawls, that duty was from 291 to 41 per cent.,
upon this English calculation of $,4 44 to the
| pou'idsterhng. I asked thegcntleman who handed
, | me this table to tell me the cost of the shawls that
|j lie was selling and dealt in. He gave me their
i cost, and gave me the amount of duty in this hill
| by the pound rate, calculated in cents and paits
i of a cent, and then the percentage, and after hav-
