1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
887
ing told him we designed to biy 30 per cent, upon
these foreign goods, he gave me five specimens.
The first shawl cost him 12| francs, weighed
eighteen ounces, and paid 68 cents duty; that was
31 per cent.upon the dutiable value. Thenextone
cost 17 francs, weighed twenty-one ounces, and
paid 93 cents-, that is 30 per cent. The next one
cost 22 francs, weighed thirty-one ounces, paid
$1 14 duty, which was 31 per cent. The fourth
cost 25 frances, weighed thirty ounces, and paid
§1 33 duty, which was 30 per cent. The next
cost 32 francs, weighed thirty-nine ounces, and
paid $1 74 duty, which was 30 per cent. There
were five articles that he had on his paper, in all
of which we came within 1 per cent, in our cal-
culations of what were the actual duties on his in-
voice. 1 told him that, though we were not all
Yankees, we were all pretty good at guessing.
I then asked him the wholesale price of these
goods as he sold them. He gave me the price of
the first, on which he paid 68 cents duty, as §3 50,
the wholesale market value. That at 20 perccnt.
would be 70 cents, and the duty was 68 cents.
Thenextone cost him 17 francs, which would pay
93 cents duty, and it was sold at $5, at whole-
sale. We put it at 93 cents, which lacks 7 cents
of being 20 per cent, on the home value. The
next originally cost 22 francs, and sold for $6,
and paid #1 14 duty. Twenty per cent, on that
would be $1 20, 6 cents more than he will have
to pay. iPhc next was the one which cost 25
francs, and the price was §7 50, and will pay
$1 33 duty. Twenty per cent, on the selling price
would have been $1 50. The next was the 32
francs one, which paid $1 74 duty, and sold for
from $8 50 to $9, which would be $.1 80 duly
at 20 per cent.; and the duty under this bill is
$1 74. Thus, in all these cases of these enormous
high duties, as they arc called, that I have been
able to get at specifically, 1 do not find a real in-
stance where, according to the value in the New
York wholesale market, we put a duty on the
goods of over 20 per cent., although we designed
to put it at 25 per cent., and where we knew the
price, we did put it at that; so thatwecan under-
stand this paper that has been handed in, calcu-
lated with such great accuracy, and intended to
illustrate the enormous duties that are imposed
by this bill.
We see, by the instance given, that every de-
parture from the common ad valorem rate of duty
that would show to the greatest advantage has
been taken up; as, for instance, the one on com-
mon English prints, which cost two penco a run-
ning yard in England, twenty-four inches wide,
two thirds of a square yard m each yard. The
duties are said to be 45g per cent. It is what we
call the sixty square, or one hundred and twenty
threads to the square inch, counting both ways.
That piecc of goods paid 1.7 cent a yard. On
the square yard, there would be a duty of 2
cents, and 10 per cent, of the whole value to
cover the printing; and the wholesale price of
the goods was from 9 to 10 cents a running
yard. At 10 cents, the duty to be paid is 17 per
cent.; and that is selected as an instance of the
extravagant rate of duty imposed by this bill. At
the common selling price in jSfew York, it is 17
per cent.; and it is ciphered out here to be 45£
per cent, on the English prices. They have put
this print down to cost, 3.072 cents a running
yard. I do not believe I have known the time
within ten years that you could buy a picce of the
gray cloth for that money, not printed. I know
something about the price of English printing
cloths.
I have been unable to find any of the great ex-
travagances that are charged to this bill m many
of these papers. I have no doubt that Senators
will recollect—the Senator from Virginia, [Mr.
Hunter,] who was at the head of the Finance
Committee, must certainly recollect—that we had 1
some two or three hundred memorials from the
agents of the Sheffield makers of steel, which were j
sent around to all the blacksmiths in the United {
States to be signed, stating what extravagant j
duties were put upon steel. They said this bill \
increased the duty from 40 to 261 per cent. The j
Senator from Virginia used to come here every j
morning with a handful of petitions, as a sort of j
bill of indictment against the extravagance of the
bill now before us. Such great importance had
been given to this duty on steel, so extensively
was it used, that ot the request of the agents of
these parties, w.e had a meeting—assigned an even-
ing to receive the delegations before the committee.
I invited the Senator from Virginia to attend, but
he could not come; butall the rest of the members
of the committee were there to hear these parties
state their grievances, and the terrible effects, the
ruinous effects, that this bill was going to produce
upon their interests. It turned out, after about
three hours' session, that taking the representa-
tions of the Sheffield manufacturers and the great
workers of steel in this country, after they had
argued this question to their hearts' content, one
of the men, a consumer of steel, suggested that
we should take a quarter of a cent off one of the
rates of duty, and with that he would be perfectly
content. They had been memorializing Congress
and used up a ream of paper, and when they got
to the point, they wanted one of the specific rates
altered one quarter of a cent a pound. Thecom-
nuttee concluded, if they could sleep one night
over it, that probably they would not disturb us
any more. The next morning one person from
each delegation came to my room, to inquire the
conclusion at which the committee had arrived.
I told them, for the committee, that wc had con-
cluded not to alter it at all. They said they camc
t<  tell me they were perfectly satisfied, and were
very glad to hear that we had not changed it.
Mr. CAMERON. If the Senator will allow
me, I do not desire to interrupt him, but merely
to ask his opinion on the rate of duty on chain
cable. Some objection has been made to that. I
should like to hear him on that point.
Mr. SIMMONS. I am not familiar with the
manufacture of chain cable, and I am now giving
a mere explanation of the principle of the bill. 1
merely desire to disabuse the mind of the Senate
ofany influence received by these memorials which
have been sent to us. I only wish to state this
question in regard to steel, which has agitated this
country more perhaps than any othcrquestion that
has been brought before Congress for five years.
My friend from Minnesota [Mr. Wilkinson] had
one of these memorials from Rhode Island. He
thought it was a little singular that Rhode Island
steel-workers should send a memorial to him. He
called my attention to it, and I told him I knew
why it was not sent to me. They knew I would
give them considerable of a lecture if I found a
man in Rhode Island who did not know more
about this tariff than to send such a memorial as
that. But I told him we would examine the sub-
ject and ferret it out. In the first place, the me-
morial set out with a statement that there was no
steel made in this country, and that there was a
vast amount of revenue received from it. I went
with my fiiend from Minnesota to the Treasury
Department, and found the quantity of steel im-
ported last year, and the amount of duties paid
on it. I then got the returns from steel-makers
in and about Pittsburg, and on comparing the
amount they made with the whole importations,
I found that they exceeded the importation vastly
in that little vicinity around Pittsburg.
After we had got the rates of duty from the
Treasury books, I told him the best way to see
what the rates of duty were, was to go into an
importer's store and ask the price of the steel
that these people talk about. We went into a
store on the avenue; we fuund there steel valued
at the Treasury at seven and three quarters or
eight arid three quarters, I forget which. The
low-duty steel, which was the high-priced steel,
was valued at perhaps eight and three quarters.
When we went into the store, I told the importer
we wanted the price of steel for another purpose
than to purchase; that we wanted to know what
it was worth, because we were about to legislate
on the subject. He said he had imported rather
more than he needed, and had sent a lot to Phil-
adelphia and New York; but lie had got the re-
turns and could answer us precisely: that this
cast-steel netted him 15 cents a pound. That is
the market value, and these people are complain-
ing ata duty of 2 cents a pound on it? That is
what the bill puts on it. It is about 14 per cent,
upon the market value here; and they get it up
to 260perccnt. on the foreign cost. Thus, when-
ever I have undertaken to go to the dealers of
these articles, as I do before I make a statement
about them, I have invariably found them to be
complaining about duties, when they were the
most reasonable and as little as the Government
could get along with, without any hardship what-
ever on anybody. We have just as good a right
to put this steel at 30 per cent, as any article there
is. It is the most highly elaborated fabric that
is made from iron. It is taken out of the hills of
Pennsylvania. They say it is a raw material.
I tell these people that the mainspring of a watch
is raw material for a watchmaker. He wants
that to build his watch with, the same as I want
steel to put on my plow, only that I happen to
use iron ones and do not need any steel.
I have traced out very many of these memo-
rials; I have gone to the headquarters where im-
porters sell these goods; and 1 have invariably
found in them the most extravagant soYt of mis-
representations as to the operation of thi3 bill.
You would not replenish your Treasury this cen-
tury, if you had to follow them all; but when I
follow out one to its legitimate results, I present
that to the Senate, and prefer they should make
up their mind upon that, rather than to divide
their attention among a thousand things which
they cannot recollect. Therefore, I shall not go
into general explanations unless somebody should
desire it from me on particular subjects; but! will
give another illustration to the Senate in regard to
these memorials that are traveling around here.
We are told of these extravagant duties that are
placed upon cotton goods, which are said to be all
the way from 40 to 80 percent. I have the tariff of
1842, and I have the calculation of their imports
under that tariff, which has received very great
condemnation among free traders. For the four
years that tariff was in operation, the average duty
collcctcd on the whole of the importations was
26.7 per cent. There was not 30 per cent, col-
lected under that high tariff. The duties on these
coarse cotton goods, under that tariff, were 6 cents
a square yard; and in this bill that I have reported
the duty is 1 cent a square yard—one sixth part
of what it was under the tariff of 1842; and there
is more clamor about this than there was about
the tariff of 1842. There is absolutely more clamor
against paying a cent a square yard for the heavy
cotton sheetings than there was to pay 6 cents at
that time. The duty by this bill is not much over
10 per cent.
We design to put the lowest rate of duty on
goods worn by the laboring classes of the coun-
try. We put 1 cent per square yard on those
goods that costgenerally about lOcents per square
yard. We put Scents on finer goods that prints
are generally made from, and a great many are
imported to print here. We put 3 cents on goods
that generally sell from 8 to 12 cents, counting
from 140 to 200 threads;above 200 thieads, which
was omitted in theprintingof the bill, on a sched-
ule from 12 to 16 cents, we put 4 cents; and then
when the cost is above 16 c^ms, we put a duty of
25 per cent,, ad valorem. Now, take the aggre-
gate average of all those, and they will run from
one sixth to one half what they were in the tariff
of 1842. There is a terrible complaint made about
that. With the prices of these goods I am person-
ally acquainted. I do not want to ask anybody
to tell me what they will cost, if they tell me how
many picks they count. For the last thirty years
they have all been bought by these counts. In
every newspaper that publishes the account of
the sales of print cloths, there is given the count
and the price. That is the way all the circulars
come from England; and in addition to that, the
circulars from England tell you at whateost you
can lay them down in New York; and on that,
the prices laid down in New York or Providence,
we base the market value, and take one fourth of
it in these specific unties, without any profits or
any commission.
There is another question about cotton threads,
in regard to which a very respectable firm in New
York has sentn circular here to the Senate. That
is a case in which it is said the business is to Oe
entirely destroyed if we put 30 per cent, on it.
Thirty per ccnt. was the duty, I believe, under
the tariff of 1846; and it is said it is going to de-
stroy the entire importation ot this article; the
ladies will not have any thread to do their needle
! work if you put this on; it is going to be the utter
destruction of n. This is printed and laid on
Senator's tables. It is from a respectable house.
1 knowone of the gentlemen personally. He had
letters to me from a late colleague of mine. They
1 have gone on and showed that it will be a dead
j loss to them if we impose 6 per cent, more duty
t than is now imposed; that it will be a prohibition.
