1861.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
303
36th Cong....2d Sess.
The Preservation of the Union—Mr. Florence.
Ho. op Reps.
House, whatever his determination and action
may be in regard to them, (if they; ever reach a
vote, which I fear is not their destiny,) that the
series of amendments i have proposed, if adopted
and incorporated into the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States, will place this whole Union upon a
firmer basis than it has ever occupied since the
foundation of the Government; and then the pre-
diction of some of our statesmen, who firmly
believe that the result of this agitation, which at
present convulses our glorious Union to its very
center, will be to place it on a firmer foundation,
will have been fully verified. What patriot, what
citizen, what member oil this floor, will not join
in attaining so great a result? With peace, comes
unbounded prosperity. Industry, now languish-
ing, will «spring into activity. The sorrowing
hearts of millions in this country will rejoice in
the preservation of our Union, (cemented as it will
be, by these amendments to the Constitution,) on
principles of fraternity, equality, and justice to
all. Under them, every human being under the
expansive wing of the American eagle, under the
broad folds of the Constitution of the United
States, is forever protected in his rights, in his life,
in his liberty, in his pursuit of happiness.
These amendments I believe, Mr. Speaker, will
be satisfactory to the entire South. Gentlemen,
not now occupying seats on this floor, have ex-
pressed their conviction that the seceding States
may be restored to the Union if these amend-
ments, as they stand, are ad op ted. They solemnly
declare they do not desire to leave this Union if
they can have protection, safety, and equality, in
it. Nine tenths of the northern people, in my
judgment, will favor and sustain those proposi-
tions. Under them the South will be perfectly
safe in their domestic peace and rights, even though
there be but a single slave State left, as time rolls
on, in the American Union. Under their pro-
tective power, there can be no South, no North,
no East, no West. It will be all one great Union;
one great American people.
I propose these amendments, Mr. Speaker, not
foi thepiomotionof paity succcss. I submit them
for my country, my whole country,^ain! its per-
petual good. Thoy take care of the North as well
as the South; they take care of the slave as well
as the master; they establish friendship, and
superior directing care and provision in the ap-
plication of the labor to its useful purposes, for
the benefit of the world at large, and of this great
nation particularly.
The Territorial Legislature will make these
rules and regulations "in the place where they are
to have their influence, and where all needful in-
formation and experience is at hand to direct their
deliberations with wisdom, and for the good of
their immediate constituents. Congress is relieved
of the task of Jegislation on slavery for remote
local sections; its agitating effects are removed by
it from the national counsels; and the legitimate
duty of Congress, to confine its legislation to the
important regular business of the whole country,
can go 011 without these convulsive shocks of sec-
tional feeling, and to the satisfaction of the people.
They take the subject of slavery out of Congress.
Under them, it can neither prohibit, nor impair,
nor encuutage the light in the tenitoiy north of
36° 30'. Norcan it ever hereafter interfere with it,
either in or between the sovereign States; while
the Federal Government, under article throe, is
still bound, without any question, to protect that
labor or service, in common with all other parts
of our common country, against insurrections and
domestic violence, when requested by any State.
What could be more equitable, what could be
more peaceful, or what more just?
These amendments declare that the rights of
the States and the people in the Territories can-
not be taken away from them hereafter, by any
constitutional amendments,.without their consent.
They do not rest upon the simple declaration
that Congress shall never deprive them of these
when once in the Union, she cannot leave without
the consent of three fourths of her sister States,
as provided in article fifteen.
The right of representation, by article three, is
preserved inviolate, and the slave States cannot
be deprived of this vital right, under which our
country has already grown so gre^t, proving that
it is practically beneficial, and not pernicious or
unjust. They cannot be deprived of this right
without their consent. The time may come when
the slave States may diminish into a minority of
less than one fourth, by the slave States gradu-
ally resolvingthemselves into free States, and the
more rapid creation of new free States. It is but
just, therefore, that now they should have this pro-
tective guarantee that they shall not be deprived
of this right of representation without their con-
sent. They once had the power of a majority
of twelve-thirteenths, and they did not then at-
tempt to deprive Massachusetts of her full repre-
sentation, while they exercised only the three-
fifths rule as to their slaves. They, when they had
the power, did not encroach upon her; and they
now ask of the free States an observance of that
sacred injunction, " Do unto others as you would
have others do unto you," and give us, by a
guarantee which cannot be changed without our
consent, that we shall be secure in the rights
which have always existed between us, determ-
ined by our fathers as just, and proved by ex-
perience to be wise and beneficial, not only for us,
but for our common country, our whole country.
Article four takes the jurisdiction over slavery
j ill the District of Columbia from Congress. The
District, as it now stands, was ceded to us by the
rio-hts Such a declaration, or provision, only ji State of Maryland, for the seat of'Government.
Q * _ _ . 1 - . ' . tT • * ? L t  t. .. - L   in U/.w nrrnm
could be repealed by three fourths of the States,
when, if it should eventually result that the free
States would comprise three fourths, they would
have the Constitution dependent on their will. [
The South will not be, and ought not to be, sat- j
isfied with amendments under which they, when j
in a minority, could be deprived of their right to '
j1 labor or service without their consent. These j
! provisions require that in relation to that right of j
\ theirs, which is local and sectional, and a com- j
I moil right of the "whole people. It (their right) j
i shall not be impaired or altered without their con- j
| sent. It closes the door, then, against sectional j
I views and feelings and prejudice; and, in doing ,
so, it promotes, yea, it secures, their public peace,
master,
breathe nothing but a spirit of peace. Virginia,
the mother of States, quite recently shadowed |,  7J , .   .
forth in her legislative halls the very spirit of jj and with H secures the peace, the prosperity, and
equality and peace which they promote. Penn- !, tlm rapid advancement °f t!n_s wh0^_c0u11^'7' ^
sylvania, my native State, the Keystone of the j
Federal arch, is in favor of the guarantee and set- j
tlement and permanent security which theyafloul. ;
They are clear, explicit, safe, and in exact ac- p
cordance with the spirit of the Constitution of the j
United States in all their parts. They employ j;
legal language, well settled in its meaning, under j
the existing Constitution. They have passed the i
scrutiny and received the sanction of some-of^the
best constitutional lawyers in this country. They ,
have not been prepared ill the excitement oi the ,
moment. Gentlemen may mailt their calm delu- ;
eiatiou and their measured power, and cannot ,
fail to notice how harmoniously they agite, and j
how comprehensive they are in guarding every j
sacred inteiest. \
Section one allows the servant, with the master,
to go intu that portion of our broad domain south j
of *36° 30' and any that we may acquire, by its .
terms " any territory" where the peculiar pro- j
duetions of cotton, rice, and sugar invite such i
labor with ietnuneration. Free labor can go and j
compete with it, and render slave labor valueless, j
if the laws which God has implanted on the white ,
man, and in such climate, by any future discov-
ery, can sustain him in such competition. No j
white man, therefore, lias a right to complain,
and attempt to deny the South the light to a free
development of her labor, when he is allowed to
Compete with it, if he can compete with it in these
productions and in such climate, ltrequoe^,
further, that the domestic relations ot the slave
shall be protected Tin' South does not object to
that; foi it is the desire of the great mass oI her
people to throw the shield, not only ot theLnion,
but of her several State regulations, around a.l ot
her institutions, for their protection and common
safety. It pioteets the master ill Ins nghts^to the
service and labor; and that is all he asks foi his
a fnmer foundation than ever before, tor, iu i
article fifteen, in consideration of this protection, '
this safety, the South places the credit and reli-
ability of the United States on a secure basis, by
peaceably closing the door of the open question
of voluntary secession, which is nowhere ex-
pressly prohibited in the Constitution, and does
not exist, or, if you please, exists at present only
by constitution of law.
Under section one, Congress cannot forbid slave
labor from being hired of employed in the navy-
yards or other United States works situated in
slave States. It there is allowed a fair competi-
tion. But if the State in which they may be sit-
uatid abolishes slavery, then, of course, there
would be no slaves for the Government to employ
01- lure in that locality; so that the question as to
slavery ill the navy-yards or arsenals in slave
States would be settled necessarily by the State
itself as an inevitable result of its action, without ;
any legislation of Congress on the subject, but
simpl}"by its non-intervention, and the action of
the State "within its own jurisdiction.
Section ele\en leaves the subject of slavery en-
tirely to the Stale, both south and north of 36° .
30'. "When she becomes a snvereign State..'-he may ;
be fiee in- slave as she pleases, and is entitled to
admission by proclamation of the President, on ;
'• proving a sufficient population, and a republican j
form of constitution—that is, a constitution based ;
on the elective franchise of the people; for that ,
was what our fathets of 1776 and our Constitution ,
consider a republican iorm ot government, as dis-
tinu-uishcd from a government founded on heied- |
itary right. If the Piesidem, for any cause, re- |
fuses to admit her, she has a right of appeal to
and if her constitution provides for a ,
Con
Congress;
republican or elective foim of government,
giess is bound to admit her into this Union. Anu
Virginia's portion has been ceded to her again,
and is no longer under our exclusive control.
The present District of Columbia would revert to
Maryland, if the purpose for which she granted
it should cease, fiom any cause. To her alone,
then, can we cede this right over the slaves. This
section four simply has the legal effect of extend-
ing the laws of Maryland over the slaves in the
District, while it gives the judiciary the jurisdic-
tion necessary to administer those laws—either to
abolish or regulate slavery in common with the
laws of Maryland, but not otherwise; and Con-
gress can neither legislate for nor against slavery
in the District. Congress is thereby placed in the
position of non-intervention; and when Mary-
land becomes a free State, the District of Colum-
bia is free; and her laws regulating her slaves
apply to the slaves in the District so long as she
chooses to remain a slave State.
Article five protects the South ill the right to
the recovery of her fugitive slaves; and it does not
leave the question open to cavil by one State with
another, as to whether her personal liberty laws,
or any similar laws, arc or are not unconstitutional.
It does not subject a southern citizen to arrest
and expense to test them. We have a judicial
tribunal for the whole Union—the Supreme Court
—and the southern citizens' State may, in her
capacity as a sovereign State, file a bill in equity
in the Supreme Court against the State passing
such law, put it in issue, and have a decision at
once as to its constitutionality. We shall then,
practically, see the advantages of the Union. We
shall have no clashing of one section against an-
other; but will readily ascertain our rights, and
live according to the Constitution, under a form
of government as perfect as human power can
make it.
Article six protects theriglitof sale ana trans-
portation of slaves from one slave State to another
slave State; and even though there may be but
two slave States in the Union finally, this right
cannot be interfered with without their consent.
! Under article seven, States may, if they choose,
°rant the right of sojourn with slaves within their
I]nil's, under such iemulations as they please; anu
if they escape, they can be returned; and if they
are forcibly taken away, the county, under article
ten, must pay for them.
The free States, however, may refuse to grant
this right of sojourn, if they please; for no south-
ern man desires to intrude his presence and his
customs upon the northern people against their
will. , . . „ •
Under articles eight, nine, and ten, the tidih^ni
slaves with Africa "does not rest upon the will of
