888
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 13,
Well, I ciphered this over. Here is an invoice of
thread costing .£1,175 sterling, which is adutiable
value of §5,§37. The duty at 30 per cent, is
$1,706 10. Now, if you look at the other chaiges
are made here, you will find that they are as
much as the duties. In order to make out a loss
on tins thread they put more than $1,700 there as
charges for commission and interi st. The com-
mission is charged at 75 per cent.; and that is 2s
per cent, more than 1 ever had to pay when I
have had my goods sold; but perhaps they charge
it, and very likely they do. As 1 make it out,
giving them 7£ percent, commission, and allowing
them 4 per cent, for freight,&c., they would have
about$400profiiafterall these extravagant charges
and the duties are paid; but they say it would be
a loss to make it, if an additional duty of 6 per
cent, is imposed.
Why, sir, I can make out a very satisfactory
p^per statement at any time to show loss if you
jyiH it't me make the charges. If I put on $1,700
charges on the sale of thread to the value ofi'l, 175,
or >5,687 worth, besides the duty, that is 60 per
cent, on the whole. I do not expect to have to
talk long a bout such papers a  these are. They are
all of the same character. They are made out to
make a ease exactly as I stated; but if you go
into the items, you will detect the errors. I have
not seen one yet which gives the pound sterling
as it should be, as the law requires. I have not
examined them all, but every one I have gone
into contains that error. I do not expect that I
will have .time this session to.examine them all.
We have had as many papers sent to us on this
subject as a man could read in seven months,
and 1 do not expect to have to answer all of them.
Mr. WADE. How about screws?
Mr. SIMMONS. It is just the same about
screws. 1 have seen but one or two memorials
about them; but as the Senator has mentioned it,
I will tell him what the duties aie 011 screws. In
the tariff of 1S42 there was a duly of IS2 cents a
pound imposed upon screws of all sizes. This
tariff puts the duty at a and 5 cents; an average
of 65 cents. Ir. 1842 I valued all this mercandisc.
I was fot four months getting values from im-
porters of more than four hundred articles of mer-
chandise. 1 got them from impoiters in eveiy
large city of the country, and made up the values
from their leiters. The screws then were of a
different kind, not neai as good, ami then; was not
near as much waste of iron to make them. Tlx;
market value then of the large-sized screws was
40 cents a pound, and small screws weie valued
at 66 cents a pound, ami a duty of !2f> per cent,
on those values. By the tariff of lb4!3,12 cents per
pound was put on all kinds, so as to have but one
rate of duty, The duties in this bill are about
half as much as the'duties then, and the sciews
arc worth doable. It is just about 25 per cent, upon
the market value of those screws. I looked the
books over, and took the samples, a hundred gross
screws of each sort of vaiious sizes. 1 made the
average of them myself, and it came out about
25 per cent, oil the average. They wanted more
to be put ori the smaller kinds; but I told them
the rule of the committee was a specific duty equal
,to 25 per cent.on the market value, where we could
ascertain it; mid where we could not, some other
mode was adopted. But we endeavored to follow
that rule invariably.
It is said these screw manufacturers made an
immense fortune. I have heard it slated in some
memorials that there were over £4,000,000 worth
of screws used in this country every year. But
if you will get the returns from all the manufac-
tories, you will find that there was not ,000,000
worth of them sold last year, instead of §<1,000,000.
That is the way these statements are made. There
have been,l believe, twenty-two or twenty-three
screw manufactories established in New England,
New York, and New Jersey. There is one m
N< w Yolk now; some in Massachusetts; some in
Rhode Island. Th ere were twenty-two or twenty-
three of them—1 have seen a list—and ouf of the
twenty-two (hat were-built years back, nineteen
of them failed and lost all their capital. A good
many of them had to pay installments after they
set up the factory; and but three or four are stand-
ing oe the whole set. They have fought through
and have succeeded in the end when others failed
everywhere. This screw company that was the
pioneer company was made up of a parcel of
mechanics who owned but very little stock, but-
put in the labor and stuck to it, and lived in one-
story houses upon $1 a day. They have now got
a great capital built up by their labor, ,and people
now tejl us how much they divide on the $50 they
putin. They have been at it twenty years, draw-
ing no salary, and they have succeeded. If any-
body will work as they have-—I do not care
whether they will begin to make pins, screws,
large hammers, or sheet anchors—if they work as
they have done, they will be sure to conie out
ahead. I wish every one would have a little more
of that kind of skill. I think it is the best. So
much for the screw business.
This duty has been assailed. I have sometimes
thought it was assailed as they assail me person-
ally j the newspapers, because 1 happen to be
put on this committee. I do not know what else
they can have to say. There is a large interest
in Rhode Island in tins business; and I never could
see why these mechanics were not entitled to just
as much protection as any other class of people.
I cannot see why they are not entitled to as much
protection if they live in Rhode Island, as if they
lived in any other part of the country. They do
not ask any more; and if they did, I would not
give it to them. I am going to try to do right by
all interests, if I know how; and I shall expect
them to have just as much as otheis. I do not
ask anything because fifteen or twenty failed and
lost all they had. I do not mean to take anything
under because these men have been successful.
They deserve it. They have worked night and
day for it, and have managed • their affairs well.
They are now competing with the same sort of
work that is made in England, where money is
3 per cent, per annum. They have manufactured
the screws, and the additional duties put on iron
will amount to them to $,30,000 or $40,000 a year.
They ask nothing for that. They say, only put
these duties on, and wc shall be independent of
England for iron in a little while, and go to Penn-
sylvania to get it; and so they will.
1 heard a complaint made about the duty on iron
last year. About that time there was a man in my
room who used a very large quantity of jug iron-
two or three thousand tons—and a thousand tons
of wrought iron, every year; and 1 called his at-
tention to the duty on wrought, iron, and I told
him that the State of Pennsylvania wanted some-
thing more. He looked the bill over, saw that
there was a duty of $6 on pig iron, and he said:
"That is about right; I would rather give $7, if
they would only make it a little better.5> So, too,
when we came to the duty on bar iron, he said:
"That is about right; all I want is for (hem to
make the iron better; I would rather give if
they would make it good." That is the ieehng
of a man who consumes three thousand tons of
iron a year, lie makes stationary engines. You
find that the people who buy iron in immense
quantities are not complaining about the duties on
it. It is the people who arc agents for the makers
of it in Wales. They are the men who are com-
plaining that we are going to injure the country.
If they thought the Americans were to pay the
whole of this duty, do you think all Sheffield
would be here about steel and all Wales about
iron ? They think it will come out of their pockets
in the end. They are not concerned about our
people paying it. If we paid it, they would not
caie a fig; but these duties will make a competi-
tion m these articles, and that loss comes out of
them in the end. That is the way it works. These
foreign agents are as busy as a Mother Carey's
chicken m a storm, whenever you get to this
tariff. They say: " You will rum business; you
tax your people.5' But when I come to these large
consumers, they say: " That is about right; put
it on; letPennsylvaniahave it; and we shall have
iron better than we have had." That is my ex-
perience for the last twenty years.
I do not intend to enlarge upon tins matter I
have told the Senate the general outlines of the
j proceedings of the committee. I shall now state
I further, that, in my deliberate judgment, with
| importations equal to those for the last three
! years under the present tariff—that is. upon
! $1,017,000,000—this bill would give more than
I §200,000,000 of duties, instead of $144,000,000,
! wluc'i we have received under the present tariff.
It is my deliberate judgment that the Treasury
will want it. Although I expect, if we are ever
blessed with a majority in this body and the other
House, to reduce the expenses vastly;, yet the in-
terest that will press upon us for the next five
years has got to be raised out of these tariffs.
Another thing that I have to say in reference to
the amount of money that has been expended is,
that in addition to the estimates we are voting
$1,000,000 here and p,000,000 there, which are
not estimated for, for building steamers, for trans-
porting African negroes who have been captured
in slavers; and those estimates coming from the
Treasury do not amount to the sum it will be
necessary for us to raise. Everybody recollects
that in the year 1857, when the first Treasury note
bill was presented to the Senate, the chairman of
the Committee on Finance said that it required
112,000,.000 to operate the Treasury to advantage;
$(>,000,000 for the Mint service,and §6,000,000 for
the ordinary operations of the Treasury. Now,
the Administration coming into power, is coming
in with a balance of $1,000,000 for both purposes.
We are going to starve them, to keep them at low
water mark, with the chin just above water. The
Senator from California w'antsas much as $500,000
in San Francisco for the mint. This Government
will be soon withoutfunds. The last time I wasat
the Trcasury Department, they had but $,2,000,000
that were available, and there were requisitions
upon it for $1,800,000 from one Department. I
think that, in some form or other, we have got
to raise more money, so as to have more than
$1,000,000 or #2,000,000 in the Treasury. We
must keep $4,000,000 or #5,000,000 there, in my
opinion.
Then I have provided a loan in this bill. 1 had
nearly forgotten to mention that. I do not believe
that the coming fiscal year will turn out to be an
average year for importations or revenue, and I
have provided a loan. We have now loans enough
authorized to pay up the Treasury notes outstand-
ing, including the $10,000,000 which come due
next January, and to carry on the Government
to the 30th of June next. That is what is pro-
vided for; but the deficiencies for the year ending
June 30, 1862,'are not provided for. Unless this
tariff gives revenue enough for the coming year,
wc must have an additional loan; and I have no
idea that it will. I do not believe we shall import
an average quantity by 20 per cent. In the first
place, trade is impoverished; credit is very much
impaired, and we cannot expect this great coun-
try to revive in three months from such a depres-
sion as we are now undergoing; and I think it
prudent to provide for $10,000,000 or $15,000,000
for the deficiency of the next year.
I have also got a provision in the bill for issu-
ing stock at six per cent.; and authoiizing the
Secretary and President, if the bids are not at par,
*to decline to receive them, and to issue in lieu of
it Treasury notes, in denominations of not less
than $20, at six per cent., to be receivable in Gov-
ernment dues, or paid out where the creditors of
the Government will accept them. Then there
is another provision, that if any of the loans al-
ready authorized are not proposed for at par,
they may conveit them into Treasury notes, and
t^at those notes may be funded in this stock by
the holders whenever they choose to take at par
the stock already authorized. In that way I be-
lieve we shall relieve ourselves from this entire
dependence upon the money-lenders and combi-
nations of money-lenders. If they will not let
us have it at a fair price, the people will, in my
opinion. These requirements, I think, it is in-
dispensable to meet. I think we should get this
money, and in this way the Treasury notes will
eventually be funded.
Now, I wish to make one comment in reference
to the security of this Government, and the sug-
gestion of the Secretary of the Treasury that the
States in this Union should indorse the securities
of the United States. I have no doubt that sug-
gestion is made from the best motives. Some of
the State credits are better than that of the United
States, from some cause or other; but I think it
was because,when we went to borrow, we had a
Secretary who was left-handed with both hands,
to whom they did not like to lend. I think that
was one great trouble. I desire to state what my
opinion is about the credit of this Government. I
think the Government of the United States has
got the first mortgage upon all the property in
every State of this Union; and that the creditors
of the States have only second mortgages. That
is my opinion. I never knew a debt of the Uni-
ted States that did not take precedence of all other
