1861.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGBE88IONAI. GLOBE.
36tii Cong....2d Sess.
Militia of the United States—Reports.
Ho.-obB
whenever any of the forts or property of the Uni-
ted States, have been, or may be, unlawfully
seized there can be no doubt that the Army and
Navy may be employed to recover their posses-
sion. It is well known, however, that our land
forces are scattered in different portions of the
country, so that upon any sudden emergency but
a very moderate number of soldiers could, with-
out considerable delay, be concentrated for the
defense of any place threatened with assault. The
same is also true of our naval force. A large
majority of our vessels-of-war are actually cm-
ployed in foreign service, and, from the necessity
of the case, incapable of being immediately brought
to the defense of any part of our extensive sea-
coast; and in view of the alarming condition of
the country, in the light of events of almost daily
occurrence, it is a matter for serious and attentive
consideration whether the naval force, now con-
nected with the home squadron, is adequate for
the protection and defense of the public properly
situated upon our coast. We suggest, at this
time, these facts, in order that such responsibility
as devolves upon Congress in this regard may be
promptly met and considered.
Besides the Army and Navy of the United
States, the only other military force which can be
lawfully employed in the defense or protection of
the Government, and in the enforcement of the
laws, is the militia. By the Constitution, Con-
gress is authorized " to provide for calling forth
the militia to execute the laws of the Union, sup-
press insurrections, and repel invasions." Under
this grant of power, an act was passed by the
second Congress, approved May 8,1792, entitled
"An act more effectually to provide for the na-
tional defense, by establishing a uniform militia
throughout the United States," the object of
which is disclosed in its title. During the same
Congress another act was passed, entitled "An act
to provide for calling forth the militia to execute
the laws of tile Union, suppress insurrections, and
repel invasions, "approved May 2,1792, by which
power was given to the President to employ the
militia in certain specified cases. In 1795,another
act was passed, entitled (( An act to provide for
calling forth the militia to execute the laws of the
Union, suppress insurrections, and repel inva-
sions, and to repeal the act now in force for these
purposes." This act was approved on the 28th
of February, 1795, and by it the act of 1792 was
repealed. The tirst section of the act of 1795 pro-
vides, that whenever the United States shall be
invaded or in danger of invasion from any foreign
nation or Indian tribe, the President, in his dis-
cretion, may call forth the militia to repel the in-
vasion; and on application of the Legislature of
any State, and in certain cases of the Executive of
the" State, the President may call forth the mihtia
for the purpose of suppressing an insurrection
against the government of such Stated
The second section of this act is in the following
words:
" Sec. 2. Jini he it further enacted, That whenever the
laws ut the United States shall he opposed, or the execu-
tion thereof obstructed, in any State, by combinations too
powerful to he suppressed by the oiiiinary course of judi-
cial proceedings, or by tlie powers vested in the marshals
bv this act, it shall be lawful for tlie Ptesidcnt ot the Uni
ted Str.tes to call forth the militia of such State, or of any
other State or States, as may be necessary to suppress such
combinations, and to cause the laws to be duly executed;
and the use of the militia so to be called forth iikiv he con-
tinued, il necessary, until the expiration of thirty days after
the commencement ot the then next session o! Congress.'
There are various other laws and provisions of
law relating to detail whenever the militia ia called
intoactualservice; but i t is Relieved that the power
of the President to call out the militia is limited
to the cases provided for in the act ot February
28, 1795, which is now in force.
By an act approved March 3, 1807, entitled
"An act authorizing the employment of the land
and naval forcos of the United States in cases of
insurrections," it is provided:
"That m all cases of insurrections, ot obstructions to the
laws cither of the United Static or of any individual State
or Tuiritorv, where it is lawful foi the Piesident ot the
United States to call forth the militia for the puiposeot
suppressing sucii im>miection,or of caudngthc laws to be
duly txoouied, it ^hal! be lawful for hini to employ, tortile
same purposes,such partot the land and naval force of the
' United States as shall be judged necessary, having first ob-
served all the prerequisites of law in that jespect.
It is the opinion of the late Attorney General
New Series—No. 20.
of the United States, given to the President under
date of November 20, 1860, that the employment
of the militia by the President, under the au-
thority of the act of 1795, is to be exercised strictly
in aid of, and subordinate to, the civil authority
in the State where the laws of the Union are ob-
structed; and consequently, that, in cases where
a State has attempted to secede from the Union,
and setup an independent government, and where
the judges of courts and their ministerial officers
have resigned or refused to perform their duty,
there is no power in the President in such a con-
tingency to call forth the militia. It is not our
purpose at the present time to call in question the
accuracy of this opinion, further than to suggest
that it is quite obvious that the President is the
sole and exclusive judge as to when the contin-
gency provided for in the act shall have occurred;
and having determined that the contingency has
happened, he may act upon it, even if the officers
of the law, in anv State where unlawful combi-
nations exist, do not invoke his aid. The laws
of the United States do not cease to exist in a
State because its local authorities have enacted an
ordinance declaring such State no longer a mem-
ber of the Federal Union; nor does any such con-
sequence result from the resignations of Federal
judges, marshals, or district attorneys. Notwith-
standing these acts of disloyalty, the laws of
Congress still remain in full force and vigor, and
the legal duty of seeing that they are executed
remains unchanged.
In this aspect of the question it may be forcibly
urged that such action on the part of the govern-
ment of a State, and of the Federal officers within
its limits, furnishes the clearest evidence of ob-
struction to the execution of the laws of the Union
by a combination too powerful to be suppressed
by the ordinary course of judicial proceedings;
and that, therefore, the President may, in the ex-
ecution of his duty, resort to the extraordinary
remedy of employing military force if, in his judg-
ment, such an exercise of power be expedient.
But, upo-n the assumption that the construction
given lo this statute by the lale Attorney General
is correct, we do not deem it necessary to rec-
ommend any change of the existing statute in this
respect, for the reason that, in the present con-
dition of our national affairs,it would, in our opin-
ion, be impolitic, and perhaps impracticable, to
employ military force for the purpose of carrying
on the ordinary administration of justice in the
Federal courts'in any State that has, by formal
act, undertaken to throw oif her allegiance to the
Federal Government. If it shall so happen that,
by reason of such rebellious action, the constitu-
tional rights of the citizens of any other State
shall be invaded, it will be the duty of the Exec-
utive to take such measures for their redress as
the nature of the case shall demand, and as the
laws allow.
In respect to the forts, arsenals, navy-yards,
magazines, and other property of the United States
within the limits of any disloyal State, a different
question is presented. As to all such public prop-
erty, wheresoever the same may be situated, the
rights of the General Government cannot be seri-
ously questioned, and the practicability of defend-
ing, with an adequate force, such property from
unlawful seizure, can scarcely be doubted. The
duty of the Government, m respect to the protec-
tion and defense of such property, is not only
clear and imperative, but in its defense and pro-
tection is involved the principle of self-preserva-
tion, as well as our national dignity and the honor
of the American flag. If the means at the com-
mand of the President are inadequate to the per-
formance of this duty, Congress will fail ill its
I obligations to the country unless "provision is
promptly made to supply the defect. We are in-
' dined to the opinion that, in the performance of
I1 this duty, upon a just and liberal construction of
!! the present law, tlie President may invoke the aid
!; of the militia of any or all of the States of the
Union. ,i.
But the exercise by the President of any doubt-
ful powers in the employment of military force
has always been regarded with disfavor by the
American people: and to remove any doubt which
may exist in any quarter, in view of the possible
inadequacy of the Army and Navy to enable the
President to protect anu defend the public prop-
erty under all circumstances, we hare deemed it
expedient to recommend the passage of an aciex-
pregsly giving him power, whenever, in his opin-
ion, the necessity shall arise, to call forth the
militia of the United States for the protection and
defense of public property, and to enable hirn to
recover possession of any such property whicli
has been, or may be hereafter, unlawfullyseizedi
With the enactment of this law, the whole ixiili-
tary power of the Government will be placeS at
the disposal of the President, to be used at his
discretion for its protection in all its operations
undertheConstitution. In analogytoall previous
laws relating to the same subject, and almost as a
matter of necessity, the calling forth of the militia
is made to depend upon the discretion of the Pres-
ident, and the power is to be resorted to only in
cases of extreme necessity. The measure is not,
therefore, obnoxious to the objection that it car-
ries with it any suggestion inconsistent witH'con-
cihation and compromise; and if the efforts now
earnestly making towards the restoration of har-
mony throughout the land shall be attended with
happy issues, there will arise no occasion for the
exercise of any of the powers which the proposed
act confers; and of that necessity the President must
judge upon the high responsibilities of his posi-
tion. If, unfortunately for our country and the
world, the blessings of peace are to depart from
our borders, we shall have but discharged a duty
forced upon us by the necessities of the hour ill
providing all the means at our command for the
defense and preservation of that Constitution
framed by patriotic men, " to promote the general
welfare, and secure the blessings of liberty to
themselves and their posterity."
We are admonished by events of almost daily
occurrence, that we are now on the e*e of, if not
in the midst of, revolution. Our forts are unlaw-
fully seized, our flag dishonored, the lawful au-
thority of the Government treated with contempt;
and if it is entitled to obedience at home, or re-
spect abroad, the executive arm must be clothed
with power, and it must be exerted at all hazards
against any who defy its authority, whenever,
after proper efforts, it shall become apparent that
peaceful remedies are ineffectual. We are not per-
mitted to close our eyes to the fact that whatever
considerations may counsel the practice of forbear-
ance towards any who may come in collision with
Federal power, there is a point beyond which it
will cease to command the Approbation of any
portion of the American people who are loyal to
the Constitution; and while it is believed that in
every section of the Union there is an earnest de-
sire for the restoration of harmony and for the
removal of every just cause for disturbing the
peace of the country, there is yet a firm determin-
ation that the disruption of this Governmentshall
not be accomplished, if, when all efforts at con-
ciliation shall have been exhausted, there is suffi-
cient power to protect it from domestic violence.
Nor can we disguise the fact that in some States
of the Union—those who have undertaken to throw
off Federal obligations, and in which the sov-
ereignty "of the United States has been wantonly
invaded—all terms of conciliation and compromise
have been rejected in advance. With any who
assume and adhere to that position, even if there
are wrongs to be redressed, compromise is im-
possible. Under such circumstances, itis not safe
to assume that a peaceful adjustment of alleged
difficulties can be accomplished, and whether they
can be or not, we believe it to be the duty of Con-
gress, while engaged in the effort to restore peace,
to provide, as far"as it may, for the preservation
of the dignity of the Government, the protection
of the public property, and the defense of the flag
of the Union.
We accordingly report the accompanying bill,
and recommend its passage.
MINORITY REPORT.
Mr. Branch, a member of the select committee
to whom was referred the message of the Presi-
dent of the 8th of January, by leave of the House,
ji presents the reasons of his>non-concurrence with
! the committee in recommending the passage of a
jj bill to be entitled " An act further to provide for
l! calling forth the militia of the United States in
ii certain cases."
