1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOSE.
debtsa^ainstany debtor. 1 believethat the bonds
of the United States are just as much secured by
the property of the State and city of New York, as
are the bonds of the State and city of New York.
The only ditTeience is, we have the right to take
first, if it comes to that; but I would not give a
jackstraw for the indorsement of all the States of
tiie Union on the bond I held, if I had the United
Sums at my back to protect me. Still I have no
objeuion, if people should indorse the United
States, it will not hurt it. The credit is good
enough. You cannot put names enough on the
back of it to destioy jt; and I have seen paper
where the only trouble was, I saw so many names
on the back of it that I doubted it. That is the
only objection I have to having this indorsement.
It cannot do any good; yet 1 admit the patriot-
ism of the States that are willing to lend their
ciedit. I know it is done from the best of mo-
tives. i am merely making this statement to
show that it is entirely unnecessary, in my view
of the case; but if there is any timid creditor who
warns three or four indotsers, let him have them.
I believe Massachusetts proposes to indorse these
notes J have never known her five per cents to
be below par. But tn satisfy the most timid, let
them be indorsed; hut 1 do not intend to put any-
thing in this bill to ask anybody to indorse our
paper.
1 have now explained the general principles of
the bill; and when it comes up regulaily, if the
amendments of the committee are not satisfac-
tory, I will explain them, as far as I can, with
gieat pleasuje.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Fitch in
the chair.) The amendments often d by the com-
mittee will be read in the order in which they
occur.
Mr. WILSON. I hope we shall now take up
these amendments of the committee, and proceed
with them.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair has
announced that the amendments will be read in
the order in which the committee reported them.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to know the
course of proceeding, with reference to the bill,
whether, after the bill has been read through and
the several amendments reported by the special
committee are disposed of, it will then be in order
to move amendments to any of the sections, as a
Senator may desire?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. TheChairsup-
poses the entire bill will be open to amendment
after all the amendments of the committee have
been disposed of. The Secretary will read the
amendments.
The first amendment of the committee was, in
section one, line fifteen, to strike out " two,"and
insert " ten;" so that the clause will read:
Provided, That no stipulation shall be made to picvont
the United States from icimbuiMnu; any sum bouowed
under the autlionty of tins act, at any time utter the expna-
of ten yeais.
Mr. SIMMONS. I have an amendment to that
section, if 1 can find it, about the loan that I was
speaking of; and I think the Senate would facili-
tate business by adjourning over, and letting me
arrange my papers on this subject. I have been
called upon unexpectedly.
Mr. WILSON. 1 think we had better pass
over that part of the bill inregard to t he loan, and
go to the fifth section of the bill. I think we can
make some progress with it this afternoon.
Mr. HUNTER. I will suggest to the Senator
from Rhode Island, who has the management of
this bill, that it was not expected to come up to-
day. We thought this day would be occupied
with counting the votes. If he will fix to-mor-
row, or any other day, for the consideration of
the bill, wc shall then be ready to act upon it. I
didnotcome here prepared. I have not my pa-
pers with me. If he will say to-morrow, or indi-
cate a day when it can be taken up again, I will
agree to it. . .
Mr. B1GLER. Let it go over as unfinished
business.
Mr. CAMERON. I desire to say, Mr. Pres-
ident, that the session is coming very near to a
close; and I think we had better continue the con-
sideration of the amendments this afternoon.
Mr. WILSON. As the Senator from Rhode
Island does not seem to be quite ready to go 011
with this amendment, and the Senator from Vir-
ginia makes the same statement, I think we may
pass over the bill informally and take up one or
two other matters; and this bill will come up in
order to-morrow. I want to take up the bill in
regard to the District militia.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That course
can be adopted by unanimous consent. The Chair
hears 110 objection.
Mr. CAMERON. I desire to know, before 1
agree to it, whether it will interfere with this bill
coming up to-morrow.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair un-
derstands that by being passed over informally it
will not lose its place as unfinished business.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, I have the floor
to-morrow on another subject; but I do not choose
to occupy the time of the Senate in discussing
that matter as against the appropriation bills or
this tariff bill, and therefore, if it is necessary to
do it, I will let it go over to another day
Mr. CAMERON. Very well.
Mr. WILSON. With this understanding, then,
that this bill is to be passed over temporarily, I
move to take up the bill for the reorganization of
the militia of the District of Columbia.
Mr. SIMMONS. If the Senator will allow me,
I am ready to go on with the amendments after
the first section, if we shall continue the tariff bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator from Vir-
ginia wants to have it postponed also.
Mr. HUNTER. I should like to have it go
over till to-morrow. I will be ready then.
Mr. WILSON. I move to take up the bill for
the better organization of the militia of the Dis-
trict of Columbia.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot in
the chair.) The Chair understands that the tariff
bill is still before the Senate undisposed of.
Mr. FESSENDEN. By common consent, it
was to go over until to-morrow.
Mr. HUNTER. Jt was generally understood
that it should go over, and be the first thing in
order for to-morrow, at one o'clock.
aire up
DISTRICT MILITIA.
Mr. WILSON. I now move to talfe up the
bill for the better organization of the militia of
the District of Columbia.
Mr. KENNEDY. I hope the Senator will
alio w me to present a report.
Mr. WILSON. I cannot do it. I have given
way half a dozen times, and lost the floor every
time, 111 consequence.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (S. No. 553) for the better organi-
zation of the militia of the District of Columbia.
The Secretary proceeded to read the bill. It
proposes to constitute the militia of the District
of Columbia of every able-bodied, white male
person, resident therein, between the ages of
twenty-one and forty-five yr ars, who neither a cit-
izen or has declared his intention, according to law,
to become a citizen of the United States, with the
exception of the Vice President, members of Con-
gress, the officers—legislative, executive, judicial,
military, naval, and marine—of the United States;
custom-house officers; persons employed in the
conveyance and distribution of the mails; ferry-
men and gate-keepers 011 post roads; pilots and
mariners; regular clergymen; professors, pupils,
and persons employed in colleges and other liter-
ary institutions; magistrates; constables; police
officers; persons permanently employed in the
penitentiary, jail, military and insane asylums, or
ordnance service of the Army and Navy: Pro-
vided, That these exemptions and limitations as
to age shall not be construed into prohibitions to
perform duty in the militia; but these exemptions
are not to include persons employed as cleiks or
in other civil capacities in any of the Departments
of the Government below the rank of cinef clerk.
The militia of the District of Columbia is to
be arranged, and rearranged or organized by the
President of the United States, when an increase
of numbers or other circumstances may, in his
judgment, render it necessary, into divisions,
brigades, regiments, battalions, and companies,
according to territorial metes and bounds, and
with reference to an equal division of numbers
into districts, as far as practicable; and he will
appoint and commission, during pleasure, a ma-
jor general-in-chief, a major general to each divis-
ion,"a brigadier general to each brigade, a colonel,
lieutenant colonel, and major to each regiment, to
consist of ten companies,,and such other staff find
company officers as he may deem necessary, the
appointment of the general officers to be made by
and with the advice and consent of the Senate;
and also make such rules and regulations respect-
ing the organization of the several districts, and
the appointment and promotion of those,officers,
as he may deem proper.
Each officer, non-commissioned officer, and pri-
vate, before entering upon the duties of his office,
is to make oath or affirmation, in due form of
law, before a magistrate duly commissioned and
qualified, that he will supportaml defend the Con-
stitution and laws of the United States, and will
faithfully perform the duties appropriate to the
office and commission or warrant which he holds
or may hold in the militia of the District of Co-
lumbia, and to obey the orders of his lawfully
appointed superior officers to the best of his
knowledge, skill, ability, and judgment; which
oath or affirmation shall be, signed by the officer,
non-commissioned officer, or private, taking the
same, certified by the magistrate, and recorded
in the office of the adjutant general of the.militia,
and in the office of the clerk of the circuit court
of the United States for the District of Columbia.
All regimental staff officers and the non-com-
missioned officers and musicians of companies and
regiments are to be appointed during pleasure, by
warrant from the colonel or officor commanding
each regiment. Whenever, m the opinion of the
President of the United States, it may he neces-
sary, he may direct a new enrollment to be made
of every able-bodied man subject to militia duty
within the District of Columbia; and there is to
be a regular enrollment by companies made every
year, in the month of April, by the officers com-
manding the same respectively, and kept up in the
interval under such rules and regulations as the
President may prescribe. The organization thu?
provided for will consist of the regular militia,
exclusive of the volunteers thereinafter provided
for, and is to consist entirely of infantry, and be
denominated infantry of the line. To secure the
proper and continued execution of this enactment,
there is to be a regular responsibility, command,
and subordination, under the President, extend-
ing down through the several grades of general,
field, and company officers, to the privates of the
line; and for any neglect of duty or disobedience
of orders fines may be imposed or assessed by the
officers commanding company, regimental, brig-
ade, and division districts, respectively, 011 those
under their command, as follows, to wit: on pri-
vates and non-commissioned officers, from fafty
cents to two dollars; on subaltern officers, from
one to five dollars; on captains, from two to ten
dollars; on field officers, from three to fifteen dol-
lars; on brigadier generals, from five to twenty
dollars; and on majorgenerals, from eight to thirty
dollars, in each case of failure or refusal, accord-
ing to the nature and circumstances thereof; but,
for good and sufficient cause, such fines assessed
in each regiment may be reduced .or remitted by
the commanding' officer thereof, and the fines on
field officeis,and those assessed on general officers
and officers of the general staff, may be reduced
or remitted by the superior general officers com-
manding districts respectively.
The Piesident, or, in his absence, the Secretary
of War, or commanding general of the militia of
the District of Columbia, will have power to order
out the whole or any part of the militia of the
District of Columbia to repel invasion, and to sup-
press or prevent insurrection or violence by com-
binations too powerful for the civil authorities to
control or subdue; and any officer, non-commis-
sioned officer, or private soldier, failing or refus-
ing to obey the orders given in pursuance of this
provision, will be subjected to a fine ten times
greater than the fines prescribed in other cases,
under such regulations as the President may adopt.
Powers are to be given to the commanding officer
to occupy and control positions when the militia
are called out fordefense,and also in cases ofmus-
ter or parade; also, for the trial and punishment of
disobedience, mutiny, or misdemeanor. Itisalso
prescribed how fines shall be recovered, and ap-
peals be taken by the aggrieved; when musters
shall take place; what shall be the arms, equip-
ment, and uniform; and what service shall be an
exemption from further militia duty. An execu-
tive board is to consist of the major general in
chief, the major generals of division, the bi'iga-
