806
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January BO,
36hi Gong....2d Sess.
Militia of the United States—Reports.
Ho. op Reps.
The bill is direct and explicit, and is in the
following words:
A biif to be entitled " An act further to provide for calling
forth the militia of the United States in certain cases. 
Be it enacted, fyc., That it shall be lawful for the Presi-
dent of the United States, whenever and as often as in his
opinion it shall become necessary, to call forth the militia
of all or any of the States of the United States, or to accept
the services of volunteers to such extent as may be re-
3aired to protect and defend the iorts, magazines, arsenals,
ock-yards, navy-yards, public buildings, or other property
of the United States, and to recover the possession of any
such forts, magazines, arsenals, dock-yards, navy-yards,
public buildings, or other property of the United States,
which has been, or may hereafter be, unlawfully seized or
taken possession of by any combination of persons what-
ever ; and the provisions of " An act authorizing the em-
ploymentofth« land and naval forces of the United States
in cases of insurrections,5> approved March 3,1807, and all
existing laws and regulations lelating to the actual service
of the militia of the United States, shall be applicable to the
employment of the same under the provisions of this act.
The militia force thus placed at the disposal of
the President amounts, by the latest returns, to
3,163,711 men; and, in addition, he can accept as
many volunteers at home or from abroad as the
money and crcdit of the Government can com-
mand.
The bill is a declaration of war against those
States which,having seceded, have taken posses-
sion of the forts and other public property within
their limits; for the President will, of course, con-
strue it into an unequivocal expression of the will
of Congress that he shall forthwith proceed to
recover possession by the use of warlike means.
Negotiations are eschewed, and perhaps the com-
mittee would consider it an impeachable offense
for the President or any other executive officer to
entertain negotiations on the subject. Force, and
nothing but force, can be thought of to vindicate
the national honor and recover possession of the
national property.
If the President should for a moment doubt
whether Congress is willing to permit a resort
to milder means than the vigorous application of
force, that doubt will be removed when he reflects
that the committee which reports this bill has been
specially charged by the House to inquire and
report whether he is or has, at any time, been
holding communication with the seceding States
on thiaand kindred subjects; which inquiry either
looks to instituting an impeachment, or has no
legitimate object at all.
When the President finds himself in possession
of the whole military resources of the nation,
almost without limit or restriction, he will possess
an amount of power which has never before been
conferred on any man in America. Our beloved
Washington never received from Congress a
frcater mark of its confidence, and in the darkest
ays of the revolution, and the brightest days of
his transcendentglory, never received at its hands
so much power sustained by such vast physical
forces. The incumbent President, who, by his
forbearance and moderation, has dnrte so much
to keep the country out of the vortex of civil war,
might be safely invested with much power, be-
cause he has shown that he will use it wisely and
for the preservation of peace. Hut neither honor
any other human being ought to be intrusted with
so much as this Hill proposes to confer. Such a
mark of confidence, especially coming from those
who have not generally approved the principles
on which ho has, for nearly four years, adminis-
tered the Government, could not fail to bo grati-
fying to him personally; but it would surely fill
his mind with gloomy forebodings of the future
of our country. When it is openly proposed in
Congress by one individual to establish a military
dictatorship, and under a feverish excitement
captains of armed bands excite an enthusiasm in
the breasts of the people, of which Washington,
during his seven years of patient endurance and
brave suffering in the cause of liberty, was never
the object; when he sees throughout one half the
Union public meetings and legislative bodies, and
puvaU; persons who do not themselves expect to
participate in the dangeis and sufferings of war,
uiging measures of violence; and when he sees 1
Co ngress duuvn into the vortex of popular ex- ;j
citement, and under the same morbid passion en- h
acting this extraordinary law, his heart will be i'
grieved at the decay of that jealousy of power, j
&nd especially of military power, which made us j
3 free people, 8j)d whiclj alone can ,$&ye m fyotft j
being hurried into military despotism by mobbish
enthusiasm.
Some of the extraordinary features of the bill
will be brought to the attention of the House.
1. There is no limit imposed on the number that
may be called into service.
The only precedentfor this is intheact ofMay
23, 1798, when an invasion by the revolutionary
Government of Prance was apprehended. And in
that case the President was only empowered to
exercise the authority, " in the eventof a declara-
tion of war against the United States, or of actual
invasion of thcir territory by a foreign Power, or
of imminent danger of such invasion discovered,
in his opinion, to exist, before the [then] next
session of Congress." The urgent need which
might occur during the recess, and the short dura-
tion of the authority, (only six months,) suffi-
ciently distinguish that from the present case'. In
all other cases a limit as to numbers has been pre-
scribed, beyond which the President could not
go, whatever might be the nature or the immi-
nency of the danger. Under the provisions of this
bill the President can, at his discretion, call into
the field every individual in the United States sub-
ject to military duty. He may do more If mer-
cenaries will better serve his purposes than the
free-born citizens of the United States, instead of
calling out the militia, he can accept the services
of as many Hessians and Swiss as he can hire to
volunteer them. Let it not be forgotten that every
usurper claims that he is " executing the laws.
And to retain or to regain possession of the pub-
lie property will be an additional and generally a
more plausible pretext than executing the laws for
keeping an obedient army in service.
It is obvious that when the Constitution said
" Congress shall have the power to provide for
calling forth the nnlitia to execute the laws of the
Union, to suppress insurrection, and repel inva-
sion," it meant that Congress should continue to
hold and exercise the power, and not by a few
lines transfer it to the President, to be exercised
by him with no limit or restriction except his
discretion.
2. The bill embraces in ita provisions all kinds
of property claimed by the President to belong to
the United States. It applies to an intrusion on
the public lands as much as to the seizure of a
fort or arsenal; to a horse, or wagon, or a lot of
ground claimed by the President to belong to the
United States, but held by an adverse claimant on
a bona Jide claim of title, just as much as to a ship
of war captured by pirates. It releases the Uni-
ted States from all obligation to establish its claim
to propet ty adversely held by suit fn court. A
captain of dragoons is to be sherilf, judge, and
jury, and his saber the only process. " The roar
of the cannon will be its eloquence, and powder
and ball its argument."
The enwrmity will appear the greater when it
is considered that the courts are open to the Uni-
ted States, and if it claims property adversely
held, and its title is valid, it can sue and dispos-
sess the occupant after a fair trial. But if he is
turned out by violence, he can have no legal in-
vestigation into his chum nor any redress for his
injuries, because the United States is not liable to
suit in any court of justice.
The undersigned deems it just to himself to say
that, for reasons which it is not necessary to re-
count here, he cannot justify and will not defend
the conduct of the seceding States in taking pos-
session of property which the United States had
purchased and otherwise acquired with the ex-
press sanction of tho respective States, and over
which they had the fVuth of the States pledged
that the Federal Government should be permitted
to exercise exclusive jurisdiction.
Eut whilst doing justice to himself by this ex-
plicit declaration, he must also be permitted to do
justice lo the honorable men who are in the coun-
cils of thoseStates, by reminding the House that
the authorities of those States claim that by the
act of secession the public property affixed to the
soli and immovably within their territorial limits
legally reverts to and vests in the State govern-
ments, respectively, as the only lemaimng sover- j
eign authority. If it is admitted that the effect j
of secession is to extinguish the Federal authority, ;
the claim is valid. Much of the very property j
in controversy was acquired by as by the npph- ]
cation of the same principle. For instance: at the
time we acquired Florida from Spain there were
elaborate .and costly fortifications at Pensacola,
St. Mark's, and St. Augustine, which were the
property of the Spanish Government. On the ex-
change of flags, the new sovereign succeeded to
that and all other public property as the success-
or of the former sovereign. Probably there is
not a sea-board State of the Union in which there
is not more or less property which the United
States acquired as the successor of the former
sovereign, that former sovereign being Great Brit-
ain, or Spain, or-France, or Mexico. It may be
said that in most of those cases we paid for the
property. That is true; but it docs not destroy
the analogy of the case. When Spain had yielded
the sovereignty over Florida to us, a claim on her
part to be continued in possession of the fortifica-
tions as proprietor would not have been listened
to; indeed it would have been treated as an insult.
We required them to be given up to us as her suc-
cessors, and paid her for them. So the seceding
States, claiming as they do that the sovereignty
has been changed, assert their right to have pos-
session of the public property within their limits,
especially of that portion of it which is purely of
a defensive character, and which has no value or
significance except for their protection. Not
claiming it as a conquest, or by right of the strong
hand, they have unequivocally expressed their
willingness to pay for it to the uttermost farthing
of its value whenever the Government will enter-
tain negotiations as to its value.
The undersigned is rejoiced that this Govern-
ment has thus far kindly but firmly refused to
enter upon any negotiation looking to a perma-
nent separation, and hopes that course will be
adhered to until ample time has been given for,
and all negotiations have been'exhausted looking
to, a reunion of the States.
While the undersigned regrets the precipitate
action of the seceding States m seizing the public
property, and pressing for an immediate recogni-
tion of their right to hold it, he must say that it
the violent policy proposed by this bill shall be
adopted, it will piovc that those States acted
wisely m making the moat ample and prompt
preparations to defend themselves, and in trusting
in no degree to the forbearance of the Fedeial
Government. If the undersigned is correct in his
statement of the grounds on which the seceding
States have taken into their possession the public
property within their limits, (and he does not
doubt that iiis statement will be admitted to be cor-
rect,) it is evident that the act was the necessary
sequence of secession, and that it was rightful if
we admit, as those States claim, that secession
changes the sovereignty over the property. Ail
the seizures made have been of real estate situated
within the territorial limits of the State making
the scizure*and of munitions of war which might
be used against them. To large sums of money
in the hands of public officers no claim has been
made; the officers being allowed to pay it over to
the Federal Government without molestation.
In this connection a fact is worthy of notice
which proves the sense of honor pievailing in
those States. Many of their citizens holding
commissions in the Army and Navy have, from
a sense of duty, and from inclination, resigned;
but they have not sought in doing so to inflict
injury on this Government, or to jeopardize its
interests. In only one instance is itknown that an
officer has failed to discharge himself of his trust
by placing the property committed to him in a
position of security before resigning.
In none of its features is the secession move-
ment predatory. Confiscation has nowhere at-
tended it. Those engaged in it have seen their
private fortunes reduced by hundreds of millions
of dollars, but they se^m to have submitted cheer-
fully to the sacrifice in maintenance of what they
believe to be rights essential to their security. It
is not an insurrection against the laws, but a
withdrawal fiom tho Federal Government of alt
right to make laws for them in the future. It is
a revolution in the highest sense of the term, con-
ducted in stiict conformity with the representa-
tive principle, and in subordination to the will of
all the people, expressed in due and legal form.
History furnishes no instance of a revolui'on
conducted with so much regularity and order,
