1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mi
Mr. LANE. If the Senate agree to that, I have
no objection to the bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there any
objection to the amendment proposed by the Sen-
ator from Virginia? The Chair hears none. No
objection being made, the third section of the bill
will be amended according to the suggestion of
the Senator from Virginia, and it is so amended.
Mr. HALE. I beg your pardon, sir. I did
not understand that agreement to go to that ex-
tent. I understood the agreement was, that the
Senator might move his amendment. I did not
agree that unanimous consent should be given to
its adoption. •
Mr. MASON. I so understood, that I should
be at liberty to make th& motion.
Mr. HALE. That is all I understood, and all
that I agree to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
can be entertained only by unanimous consent.
Mr. HALE. I consent to it; but that is not
consenting that the motion be adopted.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
suggests a distinction which the Chair is unable
to comprehend. The amendment can be made by
unanimous consent only.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President 
Mr. HALE. I rise to a question of order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
hear the question of order.
Mr. HALE. The Senator from Virginia asked
unanimous consent to make a motion to amend
the bill, and unanimous consent is given to the
Senator, and thereupon the Chair decides that the
motion prevails. That is the appeal I make.
Mr. FITCH. The Senator from New Hamp-
shire is clearly mistaken. That was not the
motion of the Senator from Virginia.
Mr. HALE. It is what he says it was.
Mr. FITCH. It was that unanimous consent
should be given to have a vote on the third section
of the bill reconsidered, in order that he might
move to amend it. Hence the necessity of unan-
imous consent.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
—and the only question that can be presented in
this state of the bill upon the proposition to
amend it—is, whether it shall be amended accord-
ing to the suggestion, by unanimous consent.
There is no question as to entertaining a motion
to amend. The question is: " Shall it be amended
according to the suggestion?"
Mr. MASON. It stands in this way: I was
not present when the bill was taken up, and it
had been read three times when I came in. I pre-
sumed it was in a condition to be amended, and
made the motion. I was informed by the Chair
that the motion was out of order, because the bill
had been read three times. I then said I presumed,
by unanimous consent, 1 could make the motion;
and if I could not do it in that way, I could move
to reconsider the third reading of the bill; arid to
avoid this question, I will move that the vote on
the third reading of the bill be reconsidered.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Virginia, then, withdraws for the time being
his motion to amend, and moves to reconsider the
vote ordering the bill to be read a third time.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
recurs on ordering the bill to be read the third
time, and an amendment is now m order.
Mr. MASON. I move to amend the bill hy
striking out so much of the third section as im-
poses an oath on the privates. The amendment
is, in line two of the third section to strike out
the words "non-commissioned officers and pri-
vates."
Mr. WILSON. I wish to say one word in re-
gard to the bill. As we all understand, it was
framed by a commission. I introduced the bill
here without making any changes in it. The
bill was placed in my hands by Colonel Ilickey,
with an earnest request that we should get the bill
through; that the officers in th^Distuct—those in-
terested in the military of the District—had been
very anxious, for many months, to have it done.
I introduced the bill as it came from him, without
examining it; ordered the bill to be printed; and
when it was printed, I read the bill through with
some care. 1 supposed that this section of the
bill was understood by all the members of the
committee. It is certainly very different from the
other proposition which came from the House of
Representatives, which Senators choose to call a
test oath. If Senators wish to amend the bill by
striking out the words " non-commissioned offi-
cers and privates," I do not know that I care a
great deal about it. 1 see no reason why it should
not apply to non-commissioned officers, and no
special reason why it should not apply to the pri-
vates. Certainly, if they are callcd out for any
special service, it should be applied to them.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
begs leave to state that a motion was made to
reconsider the third reading of the bill; and the
third reading having been reconsidered, and the
Senator from Arkansas having moved a recom-
mittal of the bill, that motion now takes prece-
dence of the consideration of the motion to amend;
and the question before the Senate is on the re-
committal of the bill to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs and Militia.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Mr. President,
I have made this motion 
Mr. BRAGG. Withdraw it.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I see no reason
why I should withdraw it; but if the Senator will
take the floor, and state the reasons why I should
do so, I will give way to him.
Mr. BRAGG. It can be amended.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. If it is to bo
amended, of course I do not desire a recommittal.
Mr. WILSON. I suppose it is desired that
every Senator who votes upon this bill shall fairly
understand it. I do not know that there is any
pressing emergency to get it through in one or
two days. I do not know that anything will
arise under it m a few days that we need to hurry
it. 1 called it up for the purpose of getting it
through, as we had reported it; but if the Senator
from Arkansas desires to examine the bill with
more care, and wishes to recommit it to the Com-
mittee on Militaiy Affairs for that purpose, I du
not objcct to it.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I will state,
then, I have confidence that this bill is unobjec-
tionable. That was the feeling with which I sup-
ported it at the time. I had no idea there was
anything in it that could be considered in the
nature of a test oath. The misfortune of such a
measure as that, with the destructive and unhappy
effects it would have upon the people of the Dis-
trict, I thought were palpable to every member
of the committee. That was the conviction I had
in supporting the bill. I will now withdraw the
motion to recommit, with a view to enable the
Senate to get clear of the only objection that f
hear raised to the bill, by striking out the provis-
ion which has been alluded to. If that is notdone,
I shall renew the motion to recommit the bill to
the Committee on Military Affairs for further
consideration.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
to recommit having been withdrawn, the question
recurs on the amendment offered by the Senator
from Virginia.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I desire to in-
quire of the Chair whether, if the Senate decline
to amend the bill by striking that provision out,
it will still be in my power to move a recommit-
tal of the bill? I should be glad to know that
fact.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is no
question about that.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Very well. I
will allow the vote to be taken on that amendment
before I move to recommit the bill.
Mr. GRIMES. I trust the motion of the Sen-
ator from Virginia will prevail, and that this pro-
vision will be stricken out. In the first place, I
believe it is not usual to require an oath of per-
sons who are engaged in the volunteer service of
the country; ancl in the second place, even it it
was required, everybody who is familiar with
human nature knows that, notwithstanding all
the promises or oaths that you can create—you
may pile them on, mountain high—if a man is
disposed to be a coward or a traitor, he will vio-
late his oath and act according to his nature.
Mr. HALE. I am opposed to striking this oath
out; and I think it would have a bad aspect to the
country, to go out at this time that, on the question
of the passage of a bill organizing the militia of this
District, a requisition calling upon them to pledge
themselves to support the Constitution and laws
of the United States was stricken out. I should
think very much with the Senator from Iowa, if
the thing had not been ptit in; but I ask you,sir,
what is the objection to requiring these gentlemen
who organize themselves into militia companies
to take an oath to support the Constitution of the
United States? There is a good deal of expense
incurred by the Government of the United States
in behalf of these militia companies. We have
defaced our public grounds, marred the beauty of
the finest square in the city, that was left us as a
sacred trust for the ornament of the city, and at
public expense built a large, unsightly arsenal for
the militia of this District. The Government of
the United States is at considerable expense for
them; and if there is any possible servicc they can
ever be called upon to do, it is to maintain the
Constitution of the United States, and the laws;
and I aslc why this peculiar sensitiveness at this
time in moving to strike out this provision? Do
gentlemen see anything in the state of the coun-
try at this time that inauces them to let this thing
go out to the country that the Senate of the Uni-
ted States called up a bill for the organization of
the militia of the District, and the only possible
objection that was made to it was that there was
a provision in it that the militia should take an
oath to support the Constitution of the United
States, and the Senate would not pass it until that
was stricken out. Sir, if that is stricken out, I
am against the bill entirely.
Mr. LANE. I will say, with the permission
of the Senator from Massachusetts, who feels an
interest in the bill, that the best thing we can do
with it, with the certainty that it will be reported
back in a few days, is to re-refer it to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs. Let them have an op-
portunity of examining it carefully, and they will
directly report it back; it will then, without any
kind of question, pass the Senate in good time,
pass the House of Representatives, and become
the law of the land. I trust, in order that all Sen-
ators may be satisfied that the bill has been thor-
oughly examined and reported by that Commit-
tee, with a recommendation that it may pass, as
I know it will, that it may be recommitted; and
I move that the bill be recommitted to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
Mr. HEMPHILL. When the militia are called
into the* service of the United States, there is no
doubt that the privates, as well as the officers,
must take an oath; but I think we shall not find
in the history of the laws of any of the States, or
of the United States, regulating the militia, that
the privatesare bound, or ought to be compelled,
to take an oath when they are not in active ser-
vice—when they arc not in a state of war. When
South Carolina, twenty-eight years ago, imposed
an oath of allegiance upon the officers of the mi-
litia, it almost involved the State in civil war. It
was called a test oath, and the parties almost came
into hostility; but there was no attempt in that
case to impose an oath upon the privates. This
is the first instance, I think, that we can find in
the history of the laws of the United States, or of
the States, or of the District of Columbia, where
any attempt of this kind has been made.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. t The question
is oirthe motion to recommit the bill to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and Militia.
The motion was agreed to.
PRINTING OF DOCUMENTS.
Mr. FITCH. 1 move to take up the bill re-
ported by me from the Committee on Printing this
morning, in regard to the printing of extra num-
bers of documents. It is very brief, and relate?
to the public business. The objcct of it is to save
some money to the public Treasury. It will lead
to no discussion whatever, and I hope it will no-w
be taken up.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S. No
552) relative to printing extra numbers of mes
sages, reports, and documents, was read twice by
its title, and considered as in the Committee of the.
Whole. It directs that from and after the closc
of the present session of Congress, no extra num-
bers of any message, report, or document what
ever, shall be ordered to be printed by either
House of Congress, except by joint resolution;
reported from the Joint Committee on Printing
and that motions of either House of Congress to
print extra numbers shall be referred tc that
committee.
Mr. FITCII. The bill speaks for itself 1 he
object is simply to prevent the printing ft d use
