APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 30,
86th Cong.,..2d Sess.
Collection of Duties on Imports—Reports.
Ho. o® Reps.
port, bound to a port within the scope of its pro-
visions, shall, with its foreign cargo, be liable to
seizure and condemnation; and,in the same view
of applying its restrictions only to foreign com-
merce on which revenue is by law collected, all
vessels lawfully engaged in the coastwise trade
ar# exempted from the operation of its purely
Eenvedial anji defensive provisions.
; ( MINORITY REPORT.
. Branch, a member of the select committee
of five, to whom was referred the President's mes-
sage of the 3d of January, not concurring with
majority of the committee, by leave submits
House the following views in relation to
the bill to be entitled " An act further to provide
.for the collection of duties on imports:"
: The first section of the bill provides that when-
ever,, by reason of any unlawful combination or
other obstruction, it shall becomc impracticable
to; collect the revenue at any port of entry, it shall
be the duty of the President to make proclama-
tion of the fact.
The second section provides that if any vessel
not engaged in the coastwise trade, shall there-
after attempt to enter such port, it shall be seized
,fry the Revenue officers, " and the master, or other
person having tUe charge or command of such
ship or vessel, shall forfeitfor every such neglect,
refusal, [to exhibit his manifest,] or offense, the
sum. of $5Q0, in addition to the sum of $500 im-
posed bv section twenty-six of the act of March
2,. 1790; and such ship or vessel, together with
her tackle, furniture, apparel, and cargo, shall be
sybject to seizure and forfeiture."
The third section imposes the same penalties
and forfeitures on the master and owner of any
vessel which shall depart to a foreign port or place
without deb veringa manifest and obtaining a clear-
ance from the customs officer.
The fourth section authorizes the taking of such
vessel into any port of entry in the United States,
and confers on -the circuit or. district court of the
district i,a which such port of entry is situated
"the same power and jurisdiction over said ship
or vessel, tackle, furniture, apparel, or cargo, as
if the same had been seized within the collection
■district into which the said ship or vessel, tackle,
furniture, apparel, or cargo, shall be so taken."
; The filth section authorizes the Presidentto use
the vessels of the Navy in aid of revenue cutteis
hi executing this law.
The sixth section gives to the Secretary of the
Treasury the same power to mitigate or remit
penalties as he has in reference to others of n sim-
ilar character under existing laws.
The seventh section provides that, whenever
the President shall issue his proclamation declar-
ing that the obstruction in any port has ceased,
then this act to be inoperative as to that port.
It is apparent, on the most cursory reading of
the bill, that the title does not correctly set forth
Us character and objects. The object, us declared
in the title, is " to provide for the collection of
duties on imports," and the moans adopted in ihe
body of the bill is preventing any goods from
being imported which, by law, are subject to pay
duties. There is so obvious an incompatibility
between the proposed ends and the chosen means,
that we may well assign to the bill an intent not
named in the title. It is one of a system of meas-
ures by which it is intended to punish certain
States for asserting and endeavoring to maintain
their independence, and to coerce thein into obe-
dience to the Federal authority. lis provisions
are war—cruel war—upon the citizens of the se-
ceding States, and must be so treated, especially
in,connection with other measures constituting a
complete system of coercion and conquest which
it is proposed by the majority to enact. Its means
are to blockade their ports,and render unavailable
to them even the limited facilities nature has-given
to those States for trade and intercourse with the
. rest of the world.
In modern times, and among Christian nations,
it ia an established maxim that a belligerent may
inflict the largest amount of injury on the enemy
nation, butmust impose the least amount of dis-
tress on private individuals It is a beneficent
ni&xim, alike dictated by chivalry and by human-
ity. During the war of the Revolution our fore-
fathers were admitted to be rebels, and did not
deny that their rebellion, if unsuccessful, would
be treason. But private citizens engaged in peace-
ful avocations were not warred upon, even while
their homesteads were m possession of British
troops. So again in the war of 1812, large por-
tions of our territory were invaded by the ene-
my's troops, but no attempt was made to ruin or
distress private citizens. It is to be left to the
Government of the Federal Union to war upon a
portion of the States of the Union, and to subject
them to its authority, by inflicting ruin and ais-
tressupon private citizens, while carefullyplacing
itself out of reach of guns, sabers, and other usual
and legitimate weapons of civilized warfare.
Other nations discriminate between friends and
enemies, even in an enemy's country. We alone
are to wage indiscriminate war upon friend and
foe, dealing out to the most active promoter of
secession, and to the most devoted friend of the
Union, equal measures of our vengeance. Nor
is this all. If South Carolina is rebellious, large
pnrtionsof Tennessee and North Carolina, whose
foreign supplies are derived through Charleston,
must suffer equally with South Carolina; and if
Louisiana refuses to submit to Federal authority,
the loyal States on the Upper Mississippi and its
tributaries must pay the penalty when New Or-
leans is blockaded.
To the United States of America belongs the
distinguished honor of having propounded to the
nations of the world, as a new article in the inter-
national code, that private property on the high
seas, not contraband of war, shall no longer be
subject to capture. Shall it be reserved for what
remains of that once glorious Confederacy to incul-
cate, by i ts example, that war is to be connned to in-
vading private property, and that nations are to be
reduced by distressing individuals and destroying
private fortunes, while no attacks are made on the
national organization ? Ain-ady we may see fore-
shadowed in the proposed measure some of the
barbarities and monstrous horrors of civil war.
It is pertinent to inquire whether the proposed
commercial arrangements will probably inflict
such wide-spread ruin and such unbearable dis-
tress on the citizens of the offending States as to
reduce them to subjection. This depends on
circumstances, about which we are not fuliy in-
formed.
]. If it is true, as alleged by well-informed per-
sons at the North, lhat the secession movement
has been ongmated and pushed forward at the
South by reckless adventurers who have no prop-
erty and but little stake in society, it is evident
lhat a war upon property and domestic comforts
! will not reach them, but will only add to the suf-
! fenngs of those who, as is alleged, are already the
'! victims of an excitement they cannot control, and
' are afraid to resist. On this theory, the remedy
i will tend to aggravate the disease by increasing
j the disorders m society and completing the de-
I struction of values by which reckless adventurers
I may profit.
2. The bill sedulously guards against cxport-
ations from the infected ports to foreign coun-
tries; and this ts the feature on which most reli-
ance is placed for distressing and subduing the
seceding States. To render the blockade effectual,
the revenue cuftersare authorized toexamine ves-
sels and cargoes going out of those ports, and for-
feitures are inflicted for violation of the law. This
system of police may be piacticed towards vessels
. under our own flag, wherever they may be over-
| hauled, but except within a marine league of our
! own shores, wo cannot visit or search any vessel
| sailing under a foreign flag, so as to ascertain
j whether she has on board contraband cargo, or
I is engaged m a contraband voyage. This is the
| doctrine as to the right of visit and search which
we ourselves have insisted on and fought for, and
caused to be incorporated into the law of nations,
at least so far as we are concerned; and foreign na-
tions will not fail to hold us to it when ft will
operate favoiably to them. By employing vessels
under foioign flags to carry their cotton, the citi-
zens of the beleaguered States will avoid all the
penalties of the law,unless the vessels should be
overhauled withm three miles of the shore. On
the low sandy coasts of the southern States the
shallows extend so far out seaward that a belt of
three miles affords very insecure cruising ground
for even the smallest sea-going vessel; and favored
bythe vicissitudes of wind and weather, and with
the advantage of being able to choose then* time
of sailing, few vessels would be overhauled and
captured within that distance. The principal effect
of the law might be to transfer the profits of car-
rying the cotton crop from American to British
ship-owners.
This is not the sole embarrassment we may en-
counter. Nearly five million souls in the British
Isles are, directly and indirectly, dependent on a
regular and sufficient supply of raw cotton for the
means of subsistence. Cut off this supply, and
the British Government must feed or fight much
the larger portion of this five million. It may
reasonably be expected that it will connive at any
evasion of the piovisions of a law, the enforce-
mentof which would email upon its subjects such
serious evils; and her own cruisers would proba-
bly have orders to pass merchantmen laden with
cotton, while the cruisers of other nations would
have no right to go on board, and consequently,
no means of ascertaining whether they are pro-
vided with clearance-papers or not.
But Great Britain might not be content to rely
fora commodity so essential tohei on the.success-
ful evasion of our laws by merchantmen, and
might insist that we abide by another great prin-
ciple of international law to which this Govern-
ment is fully committed, namely: that a blockade
to be respected must be maintained by an ade-
quate force. If she should do so, we could not
contend that a few revenue cutteis, with an ai ma-
merit on each scarcely more formidable than a few
riflesof approved construction, isa force adequate
to blockade two thousand miles of sea-coast, and
to deny to the world its supply of raw cotton.
Not the least noticeable feature of the policy
which this bill is to inaugurate is, that while the
commerce of one poition of the States is nursed
and fostered in every possible mode by bounties
and special favors, that of another portion is to
be utterly annihilated. The right to raise a rev-
enue by imposing duties on imports is made to
yield ucli protection to the industry of favored
States, so that to them the commercial and lev-
enue powers of the Federal Government are as
genial showeis, blessing them with wealth, pros-
perity, and happiness: the same poweis to the
othei States are to be a poisonous smocco, drying
up the fountains from which they draw their sub-
sistence, blasting their prosperity, and consuming
the fruits of their toil. Northern Legislattues may
pass " personal liberty laws," nullifying the laws
of Congress: northern Governors may refuse, m
palpable and acknowledged violation of the Con-
stitution, " to deliver up on demand " fugitives
from justice; and northern mobs may with im-
punity rescue fugitives from labor out of the hands
of officers beating ihe commission of the United
States: in the midst of it all, every change in the
revenue laws adds to the favors and bounties
heaped upon the oiTendingStates. But let a south-
ern State murmur discontent, or raise an arm to
resist, and forthwith the same revenue and com-
mercial powers are found to be a whip of scor-
pions, with which they may be lashed into silent
acquiescence antl dutiful obedience.
Having commented on the injustice and impol-
icy of the proposed bill, it will now be considered
with reference to its constitutional bearings.
Has Congress power to coerce a State? or, to
state the question with more precision and more
in the terms of the bill, has the Constitution con-
ferred on Congress the right to carry on hostili-
ties,either legislative or military, against a State,
or all the people of a State, because obstructions
and combinations, however formidable, prevent
theexecution of the laws in thatState? The ques-
tion will be considered on the hypothesis most
favorable to the existence of the right: that is to
say, on the hypothesis that the State is still a
member of the Coufedeiacy. If the State has
been absolved from its Federal obligations, and its
citizens released from their obligations to obey its
laws, by a "palpable, deliberate, and dangrrous
infraction " of the Constitution, the question, of
course, does not admit of argument. The under-
signed has not heard any one contend that it is
the n^ht of the Federal Government to make war
upon a State. Even m a case m which the Con-
stitution, or Congress in pursuance of theConsti-
