THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 13,
le«s extra numberof any document. There is now
no sort of cooperation between the two branches
of Congress upon that subject. In printing even
the Patent Office report, the House allows a cer-
tain number to the Department, and the Senate
allows a certain number, and the number is use-
lessly multiplied—more than the wants either of
the Department or the public require. This bill
simply contemplates, as we now have the same
printing establishment for both branches of Con-
gress, instead of each branch electing its Printer
as heretofore, that all the printing sh.au be ordered
by the joint action of the two Houses.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The printing of all extra
numbers?
' Mv. FITCH. Yes, sir.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is a very good idea.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed
AMENDMENT OF A BILL.
Mr. HALE. I ask the unanimous consent of
the Senate at this time to make a verbal alteration
in a bill that passed the Senate and has gone to
be engrossed. It is found that the words " in the
Treasury" are omitted in the naval appropriation
bill. I ask the unanimous consent of the Senate
that those words be inserted m the bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If no objection
be ma.de, the Chair will assume it to be the unan-
imous consent of the Senate that the modification
suggested by the Senator from New Hampshire
be m,adc. The Chair hears no objection; and
that'modification will be made.
PATENT LAWS.
Mr. BIGIjER. 1 am directed by the Commit-
tee 011 Patents and the Patent Office, to whom
were referred the amendments of the House of
Representatives to the bill of the Senate (No. 10)
in addition to " An act to promote the progress
of the useful arts," to report them back to the
Senate. I think the Senate can dispose of them
in a very few minutes, and I hope they will now
consider them. I will state that the committee
examined them thoroughly, arid 1 believe arc unan-
imous in their report as to what amendments
should be concurred in and what should not.
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded
to consider the amendments of the House of Rep-
resentatives to the bill.
The Secretary read the report of the Committee
on Patents, as follows:
Tlir; Committee on l'atents and the Patent Office, to
whom was referred the amendments of the House oi' Rep-
resentatives to the bill of the rieuale. No. 10, entitled " An
. ;u:t to promote the progress ot' the u.set'ul ai u,*'' make tin;
foil.,Willi; report:
That the Senate agree to tile first, second, tlurd, fifth,
sixth, ninth, and tenth amendments of the House, and <tis
agree to the fourth and seventh amendments of the lloit-e
of KepreM'lltauvCf to the said bill, and that iL usjree lo the
eighth and tenth amendments of the flnnsc with amend-
ments.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Wc have neither the
time nor the disposition to understand this bill
this afternoon; and therefore I move that the Sen-
ate adjourn. '
Mr! BIGLER. I hope not until we get through
with this bill.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I ask the Sen-
ator to withdraw the motion, to allow mo to sub-
mit amotion, of course, to which there can be no
objection in this body.
Mr FESSENDEN. There are half a dozen
on this side who want to make motions.
Mr. BIGLER. I hope we shall dispose of this
bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion to adjourn, which is not de-
batable.
The motion was not agreed to; there being, on
a division—ayes nine; noes not counted.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on concurring m the report of the Committee
on Patents, on the bill now before the Senate, re-
ported by the Senator from Pennsylvania.
Mr. BTGLER. I will state that this bill and
the amendments were referred to the Committee
on Patents and the Patent Office, and thoroughly
examined. As I stated before, the committee are
unanimous as to the amendments that should be
concurred in, and those from which the Senate
should dissent. If it is desired by any Senator,
they can be examined and explained in detail.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will state the question. A report has been made1
from the Committee on Patents and the Patent
Office, recommending; a concurrence in certain
amendments of the iiouse of Representatives and
a non-concurrence in certain other amendments;
and unless a separate vote shall be calied for by
any Senator on the special propositions, the Chair
will put the question on the report of the com-
mittee.
Mr. SIMMONS. I wish to say that the sub-
ject was thoroughly examined; and I hope the
Senate will agree to the report.
The report of the committee was concurred in.
E. A. II. ADAMS AND OTHERS.
Mr. KENNEDY. I ask the indulgence of the
Senate to allow me to report a joint resolution
from the Committee on Naval Affairs, and to ask
for its consideration at this time. It will create
no debate. It is an object of charity. To make
the case short, I am directed by the Committee
on Naval Affairs, to whom was referred the me-
morial of Mrs. E. A. H. Adams, George M.
Thompson, and Thomas H. Green,praying that
authority may be given to the Secretary of the
Navy to adjust and settle charges for boarding
and attendance of three men attached to the navy-
yard at Washington, who were injured by the
bursting of a cannon on the 14th of July, 1859,
to report a joint resolution in conformity with the
prayer of the petition, and I ask that it be now
taken up and considered.
The joint resolution (S. No. 63) for the relief
of Mrs. E. A. H. Adams, George M. Thompson,
and George H. Green, was read the first time, and
ordered to a second reading.
Mr. KING. Let it be read through.
The Secretary redd it. It directs the Secretary
of the Navy to ascertain and pay to E. A H.
Adams, George M. Thompson, and George H.
Green, the amount of expenses that may. m his
opinion, be proper, for the board and attendance
of three nu-n attached to the navy-yard at Wash-
ington, who were injured bv the bursting of a
cannon on the 14th of July, 1859.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It requires
unanimous consent to consider the joint resolu-
tion to-day. The Chair hears no objection.
The joint resolution was read the second time,
and considered as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. MASON. I wish to ask why we should
pay these expenses?
Mr HALE. If the Senator will give me his
ear a moment, I will state. These were sailors
that were injured, very seriously so, by the dis-
charge of a gun in theservicc of the Government;
and they were put upon this poor widow to nurse
and provide for; and she did it out of her own
means.
Mr. KENNEDY. I hope I may be allowed
to explain further. Upon some day in July, 1859,
in a ti mI of oi dnance, a gun burated, and two men
were killed and three very dreadfully mangled.
They were taken up and carried to the nearest
house, that of a poor widow, and there they have
been ever since, and this is merely a bill to author-
ize the Secretary of the Navy to adjust and settle
the account, to see that there is no overcharge for
board and attendance. The account of attend-
ance, at $1 50 a day, is herein the papers. They
simply ask some three or four hundred dollars, to
remunerate this old woman.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
without amendment, ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading, read the third time,and passed.
GEORGE II. GIDDINGS.
Mr. WADE. I desire to renew a motion that
I made two or three days ago, to take up the
House joint resolution (No. 62) for the benefit of
George H. Giddings. As I understand, there is
no real objection "to it. It is to pay a certain
amount for carrying the mails. That is all there
is about it. The bill merely provides that the De-
partment shall asceitain andpay what is actually
due for services that are performed; and I hope
if will pass. There seems to be no objection to it.
A member of the House wants to be absent, and
he desires to have tins little bill passed before he
leaves, and I told him I would do what I could
about it. I hope we shall take it up and pass it.
Mr LANE. I should like to know if there is
any report accompanying it?
Mr. WADE. Yes, sir; a very long report. It
is a resolution that has passed the House. It has
thcuniversal assent of the committee of the Sen-
ate, I believe; and if the gentleman will read it,
or hear it read, he will be satisfied. It is so worded
that, it seems to me, it is impossible there can be
anything wrong about it. It is to enable the De-
partment to pay this man what is actually due
him for services rendered.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Let us take it
up, and pass it.
Mr. LANE. I should be very much obliged
to the Senator from Ohio if he would state some-
thing like the amount of this clainf, 1 do not want
to have the time of the Senate taken up by the
reading of the report. '
Mr. WADE. There is no amount stated in
the resolution. I do not profess to have investi-
gated the case. I was applied to to bring it up;
and it having the assent of the committee, I go
more by faith than by sight on these small sub-
jects.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
state that the joint resolution is not before the
Senate for consideration. The simple question is
on taking it up for consideration.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the joint resolution (H. R. No. 62) for the bene-
fit of George H. Giddings.
Mr. LANE. I should like to have some in-
formation about it; and if we cannot have itfrom
the bill, I should like to hear the report.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The joint res-
olution will be read
The Secretary read it. It directs that George
H. Giddings be paid for services on route 8076,
in accordance with the order of Postmaster Gen-
eral A. Y. Brown, of October J23, 1858, after de-
ducting what has been received thereon up to this
time, on proof being furnished that the service
has been performed; which amount is to be paid
on the certificate of the Postmaster General, and
be accepted by Giddings in full for all claims for
services and damage against the United States.
Mr. MASON. If I understand the reading of
the joint resolution correctly, it directed that the
amount should be ascertained, and the amount
paid. I think we ought to know what the amount
is before we direct it to be paid. I submit to the
Senator from Ohio that the amount should be
ascertained, and we ought to know what it is
before wednect it to be paid.
Mr. HEMPHILL. This bill is to be sent to
the Secretary for the purpose of ascertaining the
amount. The committee has not undertaken to
state what the amount will be, because it has lefr
that to the Secretary. The very object of the bill
was, that he should ascertain the amount due and
the number of trips that have been performed.
This route was cut down; but notwithstanding it
was cut down from a weekly to a semi-monthly
service, the weekly service was continued to be
performed for some time afterwards, at the re-
quest of the citizens upon the route, and at the
request of the Secretary and the commanding gen-
eral of that department. The mails weie given
regularly to the contractors at the different post
oiFtces, and were authorized to begiven by the De-
partment, notwithstanding the order to cut down
the service. This is merely to provide f<>r the pay-
ment for services that have been actually per-
formed across the wilderness for several hundred
miles.
Mr. FOSTER. I know nothing aboutthis bill
at all, Mr. President; but I remember, within a
year or two past, we passed a bill somewhatsim-
llar, authorizing the Depaitment to settle with
some contractor, I think a steamboat company on
the Lakes, and pay such an amount as was due
for services actually rendered. It was very sim-
ilar to this in its terms, nod it came back from the
President vetoed, with a statement in the veto
message that, according to the claim, and accord-
ing to the apparent data on which that account
was to be .settled, it would take somewhere from
forty to sixty thousand dollars to pay it. No man
m the Senate at the time supposed the amount
would be anything like that sum, if they formed
any opinion on it, and generally it was thought a
very trifling one. After that bill came brick. I
remember it did not pass. I think that a suffi-
cient reason why we should knowsomethingmoie
about this resolution before we pass it.
